THE RUSSELL DIVORCE SUIT; The Ghost Walks in Kiama. The Co-respondent's Story.— Lively Times Down South. The divosce suit Russell v. Russell; Hunt, and Stevenson was continued yesterday. A. J. Talbot was subjected to a lengthy cross-examination as to the circumstances under which the commercial traveller, nad taken a liberty with Mrs; Russell; Mrs; Russell was sitting on tho bar swinging her legs inside ana tho. commercial man came down from tlio parlor and cuddled her. Russell was in the bar, but was writing a cheque, and probably did not see. Had left his wife in New Zealand six years ago, but had sent her small sums of money recently; William Charles Knight, storekeeper at Kiama, was a commercial traveller in 1880, and in June of that year stayed at Russell's hotol for ono night. Then loft the hotel and went to another, becauso lie saw "a cortain commercial gentleman " carrying on with Mrs. Russell. Had a conversation with Mr. Russell in the morning, and said lie had seen enough as a married man to disgust him. He declined to give Russell further explanation. Had seen Russell since proceed ings began; and had told him that about Juno 17 or 18 he had seen this certain commercial carrying on with Mrs. Russell. Russell Baid he was surprised. Witness know as much as ho did. Russell had told witness previous to being subpamaed not to say anything. C. M. Major, of Kiama, went with Russell to J amboroo sinco tho divorce proceedings began. Russell said Stevenson was a fool not to settle it, so as not to have his name dragged into the papers. Knew John Woods, and heard him speak of his improper in timacy with Mrs. Russell; Wood advised witness not to go there. Cross-examined by Mr. Ralston: Wit ness' father was Stevenson's second cousin. Mr. Ralston : He did advise you not to liang about Mrs. Russell ? Witness : Yes. His Honor : And he told you what you have said — gave you some good moral ad vice, hacked up by example. (Laughter.) Mr. Knight, recalled, in answer to his Honor said he could not say whether Russell had any suspicion or not, but he thought from what he (witness) said he would have understood. He would not have been greatly shocked if the case had been that of a commercial and an unmar ried girl. He had seen too much of that on the roads. (Laughter.) Sydney Major, 17 years of age, and brother of O. Major, said that he had heard Wood boast of intimacy with Mrs. Russell. James Hunt, brother of Constable Hunt, said he saw Russell on tho night of tho 23rd. Russell said ho was sorry for witness, as his business would he injured-. He said he would take action, and if he got damages lie would refund witness' portion to him. Russell said he knew it was going on, hut ho could not catch the party that he wanted-. He said, " Stevenson is tho 1 wanted to catch," Witness said, "such being the case, you might have caught him long ago." He said he didn't know so much about that, but would see what he could do. Russell went to bed about 2 a.m. on Feb ruary 24, and slept well-. Witness stayed with him to have an eye on him. Russell had said that he would not go to bed. He was very excited. Cross-examined by Mr Ralston : Co-re spondent Hunt was not in Kiama now. Did not know where he was. Had been told Mrs. Russell was in Parramatta. DidyouadviseRusselltohushupthemattor? —No, I do not. When I was served with papers I asked Russoll what he was going to do — if he got damages was lie going to crush me ? He said he didn't know; things would have to take their course. To a juryman : Had never seen any im proper actions on the part of Mrs. Russell and Stevenson, but had hoard so outside. Rev-. J-. H. Price, Anglican clergyman at -Kiama, recollected about the end of last August having a conversation with Russell at the Temperance Hall, Kiama, when Russell said lie had received an anonymous letter implicating the names of several persons which, if true, would render it impossible for him to live with her again. On February 24 witness had a conversation with Russell, going to his house for the purpose of ex pressing sympathy . with Russell in his trouble. They had a conversation on the footpath. Russell said he had been sus picious of certain things for some time, and that he had been quietly on the watch for about two montliB ; that he had been ad vised to employ a private detec tive, but liacl refused to do so ; also, that ho wouldhouple Harry Stevenson as co-respondent if ho could obtain evidence from a certain person in Kiama. Advised him not to take liasty proceedings. Cross-examined by Sir. Ralston : On tho evening of Fobruary 24 had two conversa tions with Russell about the case. On Feb ruary 24 Russell was excited, judging by the language he used, which language was unusual for him. To a juryman : As a matter of rumour, witness had heard Wood's name coupled with Mrs. Russell's, This was the case for the co-respondent. In reply, Mr. Ralston re-called the Eetitioner, who swore that he never heard is wife'B conduct called in question at tho public table or otherwise. In reference to the evidence of Mrs. Anderson, which was taken on commission, petitioner denied somo portions of her t evidence, and said she had given him corroborative evidence of Steven son being seen, on the verandah in the early morning leaving Mrs. Rus sell's bedroom. Mrs. Anderson had demanded £100 for her evidenoo. Petitioner declined, and Mrs. Anderson then said she wouldn't go unless sho got it, and that she would get moro than that from somebody else, and then could please herself as . to what side sho Went on. Petitioner said sho was no good to him. Mrs. Ander son sent liim to two of tlio witnesses called. Ho denied that his father ovor called Mrs. Russell an approbrious name and told him to turn her out. Tho witness Talbot was looked on as a loafer in Kiama. Never recollected witness Knight saying anything which reflected on Mrs. Russell. Commer cial .travellers were always leaving. Wit ness James Hunt did say that petitioner would have done better to have L2000 out of Stovenson, and hush the matter up. To Mr. Rolin; The black-eye business was easily explained. Mrs. Russoll was drink ing, and I chastised hor one night going up to bod. Sho picked up a boot and flung it at mo, and hit mo in tho oyo, and I gavo her a shove which sent hor against the mantelpiece and struck her eye. At tho request of tho jury, George Croker, manager for Mr. J, M. Curtis (potitionor's solicitor), was called, and said that he wont to Kiama to take the evidence of Annie Anderson. Ho corroborated tho evidence of tho petitioner as to what took place when tho evidenco was taken on commission, especially in roferonce to her demand for L100. J. Wood, Btorokooper, denied that he had ever boasted to either of tho Majors that ho was improperly ultimate with Mrs. Rus sell. Lizzlo Graham said Mrs, Anderson had told her she had seen Mrs. Russoll going on with Hunt and Stevonson fre quently, Sho repeated hor former ovidonao as to Anderson having told her that sho had Boon Stovenson como out of Mrs, RusboII's bedroom early one morning witli his hoots in liis hand, Mrs, Andoi'Bon said alio got L200 from Mr, Stevenson, This eloBod tho case in reply, and counsel then addressed tho Jury, His Honor will sum up to-niarrow morning, Mr, J, P, Abbott Wants the Assembly to sit between 2 p.m, and >1.30 p.m, on Mondays, and do orivate members' business, 