THE TOCSIN AT LEICHHARDT. Mn. M'Millan sounded the Free-trade tocsin at Leichhardt, on Saturday night in no uncertain fashion. He proclaimed a monopolists' Jelahad in which all those who drew the sword were to throw away the scabbard. There is, he says, to be "no moro shilly- " shallying," but our ports aro to be made absolutely free to all the world. From this we infer that the Yankee shipper of kerosene is to get the same right of access to our market as the Yankee contractor who takes the prison- made goods off his Government's hands and shoots them in heie per State- subsidised steamboat. There is, Mr. M'Millan tells us, to be in fact "no compromise with Protec- " tionists at all." The sugar duties, there fore, will have to go along with the kero sene dutieB, while the butter, bacon, and produce taxes must share the same fate. The ports must be made free in earnest, and tbe Chinaman and the Hindoo made just as welcome to compete in our markets for the supply of goods as the Australian taxpayer himself. This will, aocording to the Treasurer, give the local workman "more food, clotheB, and other " necessaries, while at the same time "enabling him to lay by more savings ",than at present." That is to say, ac cording as the cheap labor of other countries shuts up our workshops and factories, the men thrown idle will find their Savings Bank credit balances growing proportionately heavier. Mr. M'Millan mnst, therefore, have some scheme to unfold whioh will enable an industrious- man to live in idleness on nothing a year and save money ont of it, That is what we would be obliged to oonclude if we attached any serious meaning to his vaporous deliverances at the -Leichhardt meeting. In other wordB, the inference wonld simply be that Mr. M'Millan had gone off his head and become a gibbering Free-trade lunatic. But we infer nothing of the sort. The whole speech was merely a bit of idle gasconade for the politieal entertain ment of the ignorant. Mr. M'Millan has no notion of throwing the ports perfectly open, and leaving Mr. Street's kerosene bb unprotected as any other commodity. He has no more notion of touching the sugar or produce duties than of flying to the moon. If be had, why is not provision made for removing them in his present budget. It is nearly three years ago - now Bince he and hiB party came in to " pluck up Protection by the " roots." " Never put off till to morrow " what you can do to-day " is a good maxim at all times, but, considering the awful uncertainty of the Free-traders to-morrow, now is the time to commence in down right earnest the plucking process, if it is ever to be attempted at all. Mr. M'Millan sounds the tocsin, but it is for a muster at Ecme time in tbe dim future. Whioh meaus that the whole fanfaronade iB ridi culous. He is simply making a noise, juBt as the country bumpkin whistles, when passing the haunted cross-road, to persuade himself that ho does not care a hang about ghosts. 