Miscellaneous. From our files to hand we take the following in- j foresting items : — The Princess of W&le3;, who is now on a visit to the I Queen, will shortly join Jier family in Copenhagen, where she will meet her brother, the King of Greece, j and her sister, the Czarina, who will be accompanied by the Czar of Russia. The Prince and Princess, on returning from the Continent, will visit their married daughter and the Duke of Fife in Scotland. The Duke and Duchess of Fife have arrived at Mar Lodge, near Balmoral. It is stated that the Duke does not intend the Princess Louise to claim any share of the money which has been voted for the maintenance of the children of the Prince of Wales. It is reported that a marriage between Princess Victoria of Wales and Prince Hohenloe-Langenberg haB been approved by the Queen. Princess Beatrice, who was accompanied by her hus band, visited Southampton, and laid the foundation stone of the head-quarters of the Gordon Boys' Bri gade. The brigade was established as a memorial of (he hero of Khartoum, and its members are employed as boy messengers. A bouquet was presented to tbe Princess by MiBS Gordon, sister of the late General. The Marchioness of Lome has turned her attention to glass-painting, and is designing a window to serve as a memorial of the late Duke of Albany. Before the German Emperor left the l6le of Wight the Queen reviewed the 2000 seamen of the German navy on the grand terrace at Osborne. The men were commanded by the Emperor, who at the close of the inspection led off with three hearty ' hochs ' for the Queen. The Emperor was delighted with his reception in England, and expressed a strong desire that the Queen would return the visit by going to Germany. The Queen sent a message to General Grenfell con gratulating the troops upon their victory on the Nile. The Queen Regent of Spain, who is staying at La Grania with her children, was weighed the other day. The Queen scaled 1231b. and the King 331b. The Shah was travelling by train between Paris and Beliort when hiB little favourite Aziz began to play with the alarm signal, and finally gave it a good tog. The train instantly stopped, and the Shah, who was just taking 40 winks, was surprised to see the officials coming to see what was the matter. Lord Tennyson has been criticised for receiving a Civil List pension of £200 a year. This money, it' appears, he spends entirely on the relief of literary persons in distress. The mad King of Bavaria declines to take exercise, and can* with difficulty be prevailed upon to take food. Earl Sydney, who has been connected with the Royal Household under three sovereigns, has just com pleted his 84th year. There has been a great rash from London to Scotland of late, and within a fortnight the four great railway companies are said to have sold half a million's worth of tickets. London will soon be what is known as 'empty '—this is to say, only some four millions of people will be left to guard the citadel. The London season has come to an end, and, so far as trade is concerned, has been a most successful one, it having been a succession of gaieties. Captain Murrell, of the Missouri, has been awarded a gold medal by the Norwegian Government, in recog nition of the humanity and kindness to the shipwrecked crew and passengers of the Damnark. Captain Murrell now wears one silver and six gold medals in recog nition of his gallant services on that occasion. Mr. Edison, who is the sensation of Paris just now, declares that the Eiffel Tower surpasses anything he had ever imagined. Mr.J| Edison's ascent of EiffelJTower took place at 9 o'clock in the morning, when the inventor and his family, with Mr. Harrison, son of the President of the United States of America, were received by M. Eiffel's representatives at the base of the monument. On the top of the tower an early breakfast was provided, and a. concert was given by sevt-ral artists of the opera, con ducted by M. Vianest. The concord of sweet sounds was afterwards reproduced by the phonograph. Mr. Edison went to the highest point of the tower above the lighthouse and had a good look out over the vast land scape which extended before his eyes. At half-past 11 the party descended to the first platform, where lun cheon was provided. It is stated that the Queen has sent to Mr. Edison by the hand of Colonel Gouraud a letter warmly congratu lating the American electrician on his grand inventions. This ' letter ' waB not written with pen and ink, but spoken by her Majesty into one of Mr. Edison's phono graphs, and brought by the colonel to Paris, where the addressee listened to the reproduced voice of her Majesty. Pet dogs in New 'Xork society have their birthdays regularly celebrated, when lady friends are invited by the indulgent mistresses, who bring their pugs to grace the party. King Senegal, the African monarch who has been petted in Paris, received so many presents that lie became dissatisfied and went away nnhappy because he was unable to become possessed of a crown and sceptre. His dusky wife, who had never been accus- ' tamed to European attire, has taken back to Africa some 1 of the Parisian costumes with which to dazzle if not alarm the natives. The Balloon Society have awarded a bronze medal to Mr. Darnell for his skill in tbe management of his bal- ; loon when he travelled on Bank Holiday, during a severe thunderstorn, from Alexander Palace to the neighbourhood of Ipswich, a distance of 70 miles, within an hour. A steamer left the Mersey on Saturday, August 10, minus one of her passengers. Mrs. Maybrick, in sanguine expectation of 'a favourable verdict, had taken her passage aboard the Aurania for New York. Squint is said to be on the increase among school children, which might be prevented by the use of spectacles. ? Greenwich is agitated by a 'ghost?' story. A family have just quitted a house owing to alleged mysterious rappings which are said to have been repeated on a certain date last year. The ' spirit ' was asked to give three raps for 'yes,' and the interrogators claim to have discovered that it is that of a woman who was the victim of foul play. Blondin is said to have accepted a wager of £4000 to walk on a cable from the Eiffel Tower to the central dome of tbe Paris Exhibition. On Bank Holiday no fewer than 47 couples were married at one of the Lambeth churches. There is a proposal to build a new homoeopathic hos pital in .London, at a cost of £30,000, the one in Great Ormond-street proving too small. When does a Bath- chair become a tricycle ? is a question which ia agitating a South of England water ing place. Tricycles and even perambulators are not allowed on the esplanade, but Bath-chairs are per mitted. Now a lady bas appeared in a Bath- chair, propelled by a young man who sits behind on a tricycle. \v hile some bee hives were being removed in a cart at Dipton, one became upset, and the liberated bees fariously attacked the horse and three men. The horse then dashed away, the jolting upsetting the other hives, the whole of the bees joining in the attack. The horse was stung to death, and the men were, for a time, rendered unconscious. After an eisteddfod at Pwllheli there was a rush on to the railway platform, a young lady, one of the singers, being* swept on to the line and killed by a passing train. During a Government durbar in the capital of British Borneo, which was attended by 150 chiefs, a native became excited and proceeded to ' run amok.' Draw ing his sword, he started off, slashing everyone who happened to be within his reach. He was eventually seized and placed in irons. Three villagers, including a headman, have been tried in Ceylon on a charge of causing grievous hurt to four others by compelling them to undergo the OTdeal by boiling oil. They had caused the victims to plunge their right hands into a cauldron of boiling oil. A woman had some rice stolen, and as the thief could not be discovered the ordeal was resoited to, and any exclamation of pain on the part of the victims was construed into an admission of guilt. Centenarian twin sisters have been living together at Coosat, a village near Athlone. One of them has just died. The April-like showers rendered Mondayj August 5, anything but an ideal bank holiday. There was ac cordingly a falling off iu the train, and steamboat traffic. Indoor amusements were well patronised. Close upon 60,000 people went to the Crystal Palace, the Alexandra Palace attracted 40,000, Kew Gardens 64,000, the Zoo 27,744, People's Palace 17, 502, Madame Tussaud's 11,802, Tower 11,397, Windsor Castle 6939, and British Museum 5152. The open, spaces around London were more or less thronged. At Hampstead Heath 16 lost children, of ages varying from three to eight years, fell into the care of the police, and on being taken to the police station were claimed by their friends before midnight. The day was universally observed in the provinces. A lover at Innishowen, county Donegal, was paying a clandestine visit to hia sweetheart, who had recently come into a fortune by the death of an uncle. Hearing footsteps the young man crept into a butter-box. An I hour later the girl's father, requiring to clean the box. dashed a bucket of boiling water into it, so seriously scalding its living occupant that his life was des paired of. A curious ceremony took place recently in the Hooghley district of India, when a baby eight months' old was married to a man 28 years ot age. The father of the bride gave the bridegroom a sum of money for marrying his daughter. The deaths are announced of Sir James Robertson, member of a well-known Glasgow legal firm, Sign or Carioli, ex- Premier of Italy, and Lady Forster, a member of one of the oldest Irish families. Jay Gould began his business career by sweeping ont a broker's office. Subsequently he cleaned oat the broker. 