P A YEAST CAKE. j One night I dressed upin Tuy bod and : started for a C-iholic fair where i had prom , ' feed todefirer a short addrens. On toe way . ' I named a grocery store, and enddtoly it o=- j i rarad.fa roe Hid: T had been trtd to boy , ! eomethisg, «d I wast m ifeepSaee aaarat j do a aa & barrel to Honk < - ' Tbe proprietor said it w» fine evepmg, J i after mstere deliberation, toy tore j '' fin go no my coongated mrehfi raid at | vu. He raked me if tbere vu ssjtmng t \ be conld do forme, sad X told faiin I fined i I to a purHr He gsfc 1® oeder | ' book, sad diaipened bis pencil, nd cure | f where I was, ud stood ready to teke my i order. I began to faro night sweats, my s face became beautiful mahogany bay, 117 ; > nnderdotbes stock to me, and tbe man ! sharpened the other eadolSns pencil, and j finally I coold not think of anything ete, i so I braght a yeast cake and pot it in my \ : vrat picket and went to toe far. I went ; j at once npoa the stage, and the girl who j ; was going to sing a goIo, turned pale as a j ghost asl sat down by bet, and went off l. : behind tbe scenes. I never knew exactly : what made a yerat cake smell so bad, bat j ; there is no diBgniwig toe tact that a yeast j | even in its natural state, has a smell j about it that outranks a major general, and . : when it is damp with pezspiratum, tbe ' smell wiQ stop a. click. Of oooree I had . ' forgotten that I had a yeast cake in my j ; pocket, as an absent- minded man w3T tor- I ' get, and t was mnoooit as possible. There S were eereral speakers on toe stage whfa me, ! and I noticed that they looked at each other, ' and then whispered to the good Father, who i got np and opened a window bicV of the t stage. Ibe lady sxmg first, but she eridentiy j was suffering, and then a man noted a | poem, and he did not seem well. Tbe | reverend Father; who loves me to tins day, I am sure, took, me forward and xntrodnoed me to his congregation, and they came 1 away fram toe booths, raod quitted selling tickets for raffles, and came forward to bear ; me. Tim Father looted at me aa though lie was at a Ion to for the odor of sanctity about my person, which was eri dentiy sot focenw at all, and aftra he had introdoced me he went to the window and leaned oct, ia the attitcde of payer. I | entertained toe good people for a little while and then tbe entertainment was over, and we all west down on the floor of the hall, and tbe fair commenced. Ordin arily I would have been beset wito csarra- sea with little books, desiring to sell me in a rafile, bat after eight or ten j had canvassed me, 1 was left alone- Ire- : member "the first girl that came np to me \ to sell a chance on a rag dolL Her cheeks j were red as roses, be eyes black as nrid- j «igbt acd tbe smile cm her face would j cause a man to commit m order. That was I when X first saw her. After she bad talked j with me a moment on tbe subject of dolls, | and how nice it wonld be for me to arenre the prize, the colour left her face, hsr Mark eyes tuned blue, toe smile disappeared, her teeth became loose, her hair began to drop j out, and as I pulled a dollar Mil oat of tire j vest pocket where the cake of yeast was, for | her to change, and handed it to her, she fell < XtipV ri>p arms of a lady friend, and said, " Take me away, and have me vaccinated V I could readily oee how a girt might be paralyzed by my Ebapejbnt why sbe should fall ill. and want to be vaccinated, I oould not understand, little children who woe selling chancre, became thy of me, and when I went to speak to the soprano, and compliment her on her ringing, Kbe and two other young ladies with her, held handker chiefs to their noses, and got behind a booth. I went and found the good Father, to con gratulate him an the anspirious opaiing of the fair, he was the only one who would re main near me, and I am sure it was a great sacrifice to him. I heard he was quite sick afterwards. Well, I went home late last night, and hung my vest in a closet, and for- got about it, but in a few days I was asked to send up plumbers to look for sewer gas. From time to time, during, +3». next month, the plombets had ripped out all the plumb ing and plumbed everything new, and still thesmellwas about the honse. The board of health was called in, and they favoured tearing the home down, and that wonld have been done, bnt for tbe fact that the vest was discovered to be the cause of the trouble. It was carried out in the back yard with a pair of tongs, and aa they were abont to pour kerosene on it, and art it on fire, I happened to think the change for that dollar might be in the pocket, and I felt in the pocket and found tbe yeast cake. And, do yon know, the family wonld not use that yeast cake. They said it was not good. To me it emelled as good as any yeast cake I ever bought. 