IRoveHst. Tie Midnight Prophecy OR, . HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. ISu Emma Garrison Jones. . L'HAl'Tlilt XII. 1 O.MUI.UM. . The countess aud-1 udiUiilrew nottr the y. liltlo fiirm-liouso. It wuo/a pretty, snug .u'-placo, n box ufa cottuyu all over, hung Willi tanning creepers, _ with quaint lilt-. ticcd wiinliiwai and sloping cavos, beneath ' Which tlio ivrciia nnd martins twittered.- A square, -group yard, -Blinded by n; giant oak,- bonenlh which mi old man, wearing tho aimplcfgarb of h Tyrol- peasant,; sat, tinkering at d broken slioep-boll, which ho .' j q.wns vainly trying to mend. ... v ' Asslio approached tlio ivickot-gnto, tho \- - eouutesfl grow deadly white, and loaned. \- ' .' heavily on Judith's arm for support. ".Oh, Judith,'" she; murmured, how . .familiar ovorytbing seonis I I fool as if I ; .told livod here I" . Yes, tny lady," replied tlio girl, 'her / juiwn checks very palo; and her voico un- : steady ; " thoro s not 0110 thing different; vY.v/l- oven remember tho' peculiar' mako o'f . the windows, nnd that smooth, worn stono 'J :': nttliodoor.. Oh, it in very strango I" : Thoy oponcd the wicket and crossed tho greori yard. .Tlio old peasant dropped his . hell nnd rosoto his feet at their ap- proach. -. ' . . '. ' " Myladyisfaiiit this morning," spake >v ;: Judith. Would yon bo good enough to \- : let her have a drink of fresh milk ' .'V. "Ay, ay, to bo 'sure," replied ttlie old,' ; '. '' liinh,' nothing iiicessnntlj-, Gomo in, coino, in; my old woman's laying the dinner now — come right in." ; \- Tlioy followed, liiin across tho smooth sfono step, and through tho vino-slmdod " ; . ' doorway ; nnd thoro, in the contio of'tlib: ivhite,. aliiuled floor, stood a square, tablo, v , setiout "with shining pewter platters. : Lady Strathspey gasped her breath, olid . s : ; oluug tightly to Judith's arm. - " The wifo, who sat in the oliimnoy- co'rucr, with libr spectacles on licr- nose, ' : ' rose up with a startlod cxeluniation. i . " IVliy, bless mc !" she cried, seizing ' iipon the countess, and assisting lior to a .;; V'oat on the wooden sottlo. " Poor thing! qi what nils her?" .. . .. . " Sho's ill aiid faint," explained Juiih, J'.' i.'kand'cam'o to beg a drink of new i. ' milk." - '"Anid slio shall linvo it,"- continnod the „ld woman ; but sit ye down yoursolf," sho . added, glahbing at Judith's whito' libeeks. "To. aro. liko a pair of ghosts, . \- . I.utli of ye. Come, .sit" down, and I'll I nivo tlio tlinnot' on. tlio table in ii wink;1, i . r 'Tis tlio very thiiig, too, as'll suit- ye. bo- . i"g ailing— cliiekeu broth and dumplings,' . ' . ..-.ii iid a drop of beer to wash it down ; niy ..id man always wants it when lie's ailing. ; . nio, sit' yo down I" . ' - ' ' ' ;' Judith obeyed, sitting down beside., lior . J — ; mistress; nnd the woman flow about, got; tihglier savory meal upon the table, wliilo- '. 'her. husband sat oh tlio stone door-sill, slapping nt tho flics that buzzed in the . 'i noon sunlight. ' Presently ii glcofiibolioiit'and a ripliug , . burst of ohildish lauglitcr broko.upon tho . silonco, and frdrii a little baok bod-eliam- pera uato a-uuv, buiiiu uauu suiuiuera ; ' old, came dancing into the room; ; " Seeing th'S strangers, he cauio to a sud den linlt, end stood like a statue, his scarlet smook-frock disclosing his round), baro logs and dimpled feet, nnd a qubor little cap, ornamented with a longfoatlicr surmounting his head, with ills profuse. flaxun ringlets. 'J'liero ho 3tood, his great y blue oyes wide w ith childish woiidor. : ;; " Why,. Jfomulu, cried tho old woman, "can't ye say how d'yo do to the Iadios 1 llavo ye forgot your manners 5" \- . Roniulus doffed, lijs plumed cap, and . dippodjliis oui-ly flaxen head. . : ' 'MIow d'yo do, ladies?" ho ' said, ' , obediently. 1\. . At tho sound of the sweet, lisping voice, , ' tlio count oaa, who bad aat sinco the child's eppcaraneo liko ono turned to stono, . littered ii' diathetic oi-y, and springing for- -; ward, caught tbo boy to her bosom. ' " 01, my bal'y I my lout darting 1 my ;X . own prooicus child I" sho cried, between her bursting sobs, and passionate kisses ; " "I knew I Bliouhl find you, you precious : lost lamb !" . 'Tlio old ponsant and liis wifo stood 1 . tliimdci-qtruck j lnit tlio' liltlo fallow, -no- ' .thing daunted, wound liia chubby arms if"'; r about the luily '# lieok, and put his ruddy , ebeek against lier. "Don tky I" ho lispod, 'oiitroaliiigly ; " Jtomuuo likes- lady I-r-Rdimnio likos her !" , . ; '. " l)o yo see, old'man T' quotli tlio:'wife to her husband, lior voieo full; of paitt. " What did 1 toll' yd; the night ye fouiid linn ? Didn't I sajv just as wo got our lioni ts sot on - ln'm soino Alio folks would cotno in and snatch, liim away ? Yes, I did ,- and Iwisli.yo'd lofbliimto tlio inilcli goat, that I do." - Whoroupon, leaving licr dinnor only linlf-disliod, ,. alio sat. down, and carrying lior apron to lior eyes, began to cry lior- eolf. . - 1'ho boy's quick eyes soon noticed her, and olumborir.g down from Lady Strath spey's knoo; ho ran to lior side. . .'t Don't oo . Icy, ' grand-muddor," .lie ploadod, tugging nt lior apron ; Roimnio likos grand-muddor, too.'1. Tlio -old man caught liimi up in his arms! - '! ' --.''V'; '... "Ho'smino I tho hoy's:iniiiol"';lio said, almost savagely ; ".and I'll give him up to ono. His fatlior and uiotlior abandoned liiin to tho meroy of niy miloli 'goat, and lio's mini. !' -v - ThecountcsB and.Juditli.hothuttorcd fl ttimtiUflMnAiia-AMt nf- Tliia nniifirmnhnn nf thoir strango dream. . : ! ,.i ' ' . Tho old inan rogarded tliom witli angry suspioion. " " Myxgood women," - ho isaid, " what does all this- mea>V?;Oan't yo explain youiselvos, ; and toll >me what's tho: mat- ;or ?" By a strong effort Lady Strnthspey con trolled liorsolf and wipodtho' streaming tears from her cheeks. ' V.Sly good sir," alio replied, "tho ex planation I have to givo to you is a strango one, which possibly you may not believo — indeed, I canuot boliove it nt times myself ; but my maid hero can bear mo out in what I have to say." Whoroupon she rolatcd all tbo myster ious circumstances of the disappearance of her'babo on'tho night of his birth ; and also tlio strango dream whioli Judith hod first dreamed and then horsolf. ' And tlio old man and his wifo listoncd in spoecliloss amozomont, wliilo tlio sum mer sunshino crept slowly ovot tlio sanded floor, and the savoury dinnor grow cold upon the tablo. When sho had finished they sat looking into each other's faces iu utter consternation. "It must bo that God- sent us tlio dreatn," continued tlio countess, '' for it' haunted Tito day and niglit over since. I could not rest , ono momoiit. And this morning tlio instant' my oyos boliold this tIJUUU I K1IU1Y II) uuu X niiui no OUIUAJ, tu- though another usurps liiS place, tliut tho boy is niy own, tlio babo who was 'stolon from my. hrnis in - tho . very hour of his .birth, the rightful lioir to the Earldoiii of Strelhs'pey.iowors.' " And nowf,'iny good people," she con tinued, "1 have told you .my strange story, and 1 implo.ro you to lot mo hear yolirs. Toll mo how and when you camo by this child ; and I pray thoro may bo sonic proof by which I can rcstoro him to his rightful place." .. . Tho bid coiipte aat iir uttor silonco for a fbw iiiomohts, ovorwholnicd by what thoy hid hoard. Tho idba that it was a youiig earl thoy had fostered' filled tlioin with absoluto affright. The.old.inau spokb at.lnst. ' v' ' ! Old Avduisii; " ho said, drawing a Ioiig bi-batli,' and resuming his sbat'on tho door-; sill, " you. aro glibber of tho tonguo than l am— ybu.toll tho story. . ! . .Tho oldwoniah put Itomulus from lior 'knob, - and wip'od- lior oyos. with lior apron. ... " Tiilk of being glib of tonguo now," site began, " aftor boaring sucli a btory- as lior — wl)y,tiho very, memory's beat put of inoi I do declare it reminds mo of tlio old stories in tho Biblb 'bout - the days of tlio Apostles.; But I'll do tho best I can, your, highness," sho contiuuod, bowing profouudly to tlio eountcss ; "inid if my lubmdry'bo bad I'll stiok to tlio trulli : - " It was on tlio tonth of January ; I ro- mombof that well, 'causo our', red liofcr had a calf on Now Year's Daj-— nnd on that very morning tho old man says, 'Old yvoriinii, tlio rod hoifor's.calf be"' ten day's old to-day, and you can begin to stool a mite of tho drippings— you 'tend to lior .uuu I AA. uu 1wwiv mvvvvuv favuvo, I wont itown to tlio cnttlo-shed, and milked tlio drippings, and.fed tlio lioifor, and oaino liome and laid out dinnor.- By tliatlimo hero comes tho old man all of a flutter. Molly,' ho said, ' tholioad milch- goat is missing and nothing would do but I must go and liolp liim hunt lior. " Woll, away wo ivbnt, and a protty tramp wo had I Through tlio valloys, nnd up the mountains, till I thought I should drop in iny shoes. At last,- way on tc- w-ard sundown, we spies her, porclied on tlio . top of that bald- cliff at tlio left yondor;" " Oil, my lady 1" ojaoulated Judith. . " Go on, my good woman," urged tho countess. \- f'AVoli, there sho bb porehod riuht atop bf tjio cliiF. ' Why, old woman," sayBtho old innny.'alio's got kids I AVlio'd a thought it? Yuu must go up. and bring them down in your apron, wliilo I fetch lior down, '- "So up.wb tussled, my vovybonos aoh-. '!f;>'tte<|ediWnd'librd;'-hlbas-'.yqu, my dour lady,, wbat d'yo 'aposo wo saw when wo rdacuod.hai-;? Not.a kid, but a little, livo' baby, mid ' itla1. sucking tbo'gont, nnd its denr littlb mouth ail 'wot;:" with, tho milki" . - w : Lady Stralhapojr.fcoyorod hor face, oon- yulsiro ; sobs ' shaking.. hor Jrom hoad to fob!.- . V " I <1 idn't fool niv aolios a bit aftor that.". tKo old ivoman wont on ; " I takes up the child, aiid tho old man shouldora tlio milch-goat, aiid down we oomo.", ' The clothes I" gasped: tlio couuloss. Hai'o you tho elollios tlio child had on wlibh ybit found liimi" " Yos, I kont thorn. ' They may bo of uso to tlio child 0110 of thcao days,' says tho. old num. But tlmt day, as I was toll- In' yo; wo brought tho child homo, and do you. know niy old man ho takes tlio milch- f bat right into my buck room, and thoro io keeps her, only turning hor out to gruzo ouoo ill a wliilo, nnd tfco baby lib sucked that goat for six round months', audi nbvor soo a child thrivo as ho did. " My old man usod to bo book-larnod. when lib was young," sho wont on, glnno- ing ndiniriiigly at tho oldBliopliord on tlio suiiiiy door-stop, " and lie says ho's read of a boy as a wolf suckled, and ho wao culled itomulus— so nothing would do but tlio baby bo namod after him. So Itornuluu is his name." : : _ She pau3od an'instant, her lips quiver ing, ' ' .. . " We've iio oliildron .of our own," sho wbiit on, at last, .lior voico. shaking. ! Wo hild a .boy once; as pvbmisiii a hid.iis.ovor livud; but liu wout to' son, aiul was; lost fiftosn yours ago, ;; And \fo - can't tell, my lady, how wo look to ilus child 1 'Heaven has sont him,' tho old man Baid, ' to chcor us in our old ago.' Wo'vo done tho bost wo could for liim, nnd it'B liko tearing out our hearts. to givo him. up, .but, hearing your story, I'm convinced that ho's your child, and iloavcn sent yo to find him." The old man drew tho wondering boy to his arms, nnd resting bis old forehead ou his flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply mpved. " My dear, good friends," sho said, "don't griovo now, I'm not going to take tho child from you, I shall want you to keep him for me, a long time, perhaps, until I can get proofs, and all' that, to cstablish'him in his right .place; Yon have never heard anght in regard to Mm, or fonnd out how ho camo to tbo mountain, I suppose!" " NoVer a word, my lady," replied tho old man, hrlghtoning up at tho prospect of keep ing tlio child,' "My lady," whispered Judith, nt tliia junc ture, " here bomes Lord Strathspey." Tho countess arose in consternation. "It is my husband,!' sho exclaimed, "but I do not "wish him to know about tho child yet. -Plcnso take him awny." The old woman caught up tho boy, and rushed Into tbo adjoining room, closing tho door after bor. , Tnkb this.", cried Lnd v StratbSDOv. draw- ing a parso from her pocket, and forcing it into tbo old man's hand ; " I will come again 'soon. Bo good to my boy, and may Heaven bless yon." Bho reaebcd the wtokct just in time to' meet tbo carl. He looked at her flashed cheeks and swollcn eyes in amazement. "Marguerite," ho said, as ha draw her arm through bis, " I was so impatient I came to seek yon. ' h'or Heaven's sake, tell me what all this means ? What do yen know of these people? What ails yon 2" "Trust me,' dearest Angus," sho sobbed, clinglngto his nrm; "you shall know all soon — oniy.truBt me," _.And the carl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion growing Btiongcr nnd Btronger in Ms mind tbnt Doctor Renfrew was right, and his wifo was indeed in danger of in- tanity. Lord Strathspey roda back to Mb lodgings, besides tbo bewitching Lady Cecilia, in moody silcocc. All tho spirit nnd zest of the morning bad left him, nnd tho fair siren put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; ho scarcely noticed her, and forgot to roply to her when sho spoke. She drove her spar into hor horse's flank, nnd set her white teeth together in rage at her own ill-success. My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to havo her charms underrated. , But she was likewiso very reso lute, nnd she concluded to let the moody carl rido on in sllcnco and bide her time, i-'orns sure as tho afternoon sunlight lay arnrm find lirittlif. tinnn f.ltn r»rf»nn vnllntrn nf the Tyrol, should that self-same moody carl —this man who had dared, years before, to triflo with her— ho brought down at her very feet nnd nindo to oxpiato his folly in sack cloth nud ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten? Had the .memory of those old days at Cavendish Manor faded from her?— those fresh, hopeful days, when sho saw a coro net glimmering above her regal brows and a life of lovo and triumph outstretching be- foroher? Do women like her ever forgot a wrong or a disappointment 7 My lady sot bor white tooth and arched her graceful nock, and her blue-black eyes glittered with a baloful, phosphorescent light, as' she galloped along 'by too earl's .side. CHAPTER XIII. It which the nnn i'ails. Rut the earl was all unconscious, absorbed in.hls own; bitter reflections. Strathspey,- earl that was, as wo have said, was a trifle superstitious, and in addition, a little in clined to bo jealous nnd over-cxacting. And with nil his'profound pity nnd terror at the 'thought that his lovely countess was on tbo verge of insanity, ho still felt angered and injured because sho had— oven in his wander ings, as ho believed— dared to havo a secret which she kept from him. Ho resolved to get at tho bottom of the whole mattor ; and as soon as hs had seen Lady Cecilia nnd his family safely qunrtered iu their lodgings, ho strode opt of tbo house, and remounting bis weary Arab, galloped straight across tho Tyrol valloys to the shepherd'B cottage. The old wife saw him coming before ho reached tho wioket, and, being n woman possessed of sbnrp wits, sho divined tho object of Ms visit; and; catcblog up littlo Romulus, ivho sat beneath the great oak in tbo aftiqnoon sunlight, sho whisked him off tin nftttln.ahnri. wltnrn hni» tinaVinnr) and was ' back : again in the cottage door by the time tho earl had dis mounted., Ho. strode ' tli rough the wicket nnd across the yard haughty and stern, ."Sty good wonmr," bo began, without Ealutatio.i or profneo, "I have como hero to ask you a question, and I want a straight forward answer," : "My .lord, my poor tongna is at your grace's, service," simpered the old woman, with a. deep coartcsy, chuckling all the while, in lior elebvo, at tho irato peer. '' The coiintcss, my wife,wns here to-day," continued Lord Strathspey, waving aside the sent she offered him, " and I want to know wbnt'sbo camo for." " For a drink of now milk, your honor, responded Ibo woman, glibly. ' Silence I" thundered tho carl, growing blnok with passion. " I want no prevarica tion. Tell mo what my wife wants of you, and you of hor." "Why, bless my soul, your grace,!' re plied the old woman, her gray eyes nil of a twinkle, " I only know she is tho Countess of ' Strathspey, nnd wife to yoar lordship, 'causa tho ihnid told mo tho same, and asked mo tor the drink of fresh milk, kerJadyship' being faint — that's all.!1 " 'Tis false," continued tho angry noble- mnn, "and you knowit. Didn't tbo countess come one to mo, all flushed and tear-stained. Tell mo what excited her bo ; I'vo a right to.' know. Tall me, or— I'll mako you." . . \- The. old woman fairly chuckled in his' faco. "My lord," ehesaid,-" bo yd the king on bis throne, my tongue's my own, and no one, whether peer or peasant, can make it wag. Why don t yo ask your wife ?" r The carl was well- nigh choking with passion, for, like all Ms race before Mm, ho had a hot, unreasonable temper. If it had beca a man, he would havo struck him down with tho butt of his whip ; being a woman; ho strode nway and left her. Rut -at the wicket a second thought struck him, and he.turned buck. "My good; woman," ho Baid, taking a heavy purse from his pocket as ho spoko, " I havo strong reasons for flading out what it is that troubles my wifo. I'm afraid hor mind is impaired— tako this, and toll ine what brought bor bore." Tbeold woman eyed tho yellow gold with another chncklo. " I've nothing to tell your grace," eho re- plied, "and if Ihad, your gold wouldn't make my tongno wag no sooner than your bard words." " Curse you," muttered the earl, under his breath, anjl,-striding-back. to the wicket, lie vaulted into hie saddle, and .was on the point of galloping off, when a little figure, (nn scarlet entock and plnmed cap, ehot up right before his horse's feet, : The dart drew in bis flexy steed and bailed outiATSgelyi h \- "Get from under my horee'e foet, will you?" " Itommio hot under be Xects," replied tbo littlo follow, looking up fearlessly at the finehorse and Its wrathful rider. Something in tbo finely cut faco,- and groat sen-blue eyes, and profuse flaxon curls mndo tho nobleman's heart thrill. lie gazed down, for an instant, into tho child's faco, liko one bewildered. " Great Heaven," bo muttered, " what a' likenCBS. 'Tie Lady Pearl's face over again. Little man, who are you!" "I'm'Rommlb. I lives wid grnndmndder," answered tho boy, fearlessly. "Ah I Well, you're a lino lad for a pea sant's son— got out of my way." And away wont tho baflled peer, like the wind, pondering inoedflyand as ho pondeied, with tho boy's faco mirrored in his memory, a horribla idea flashed through his mind, piercing his heart like a poisoned blade, and almost making him reel in Mb snddle. It did not occur to tho Countess of Strathspoy that she had forgotten to nsk the peasant woman if thcro was a birt-h mark on the boy's arm, until after she had Bnngly settled in her chamber for the night ; and then hor regret and impatience know ?o bounds. She would havo stolon forth, and mndo her way to tho cottage through tbo darkness of tbo night, hut for Judith, forego tbo visit till the morrow. Bat when tho morrow came, what was the poor woman's consternation to hoar that the carl bad taken a sudden resolve to go np to Sevonoak Grange, in Oamborinnd, for tho shooting season, and had mado Ms preparations to set out at once. It was nil in vain that sho begged him to defer the journey a day or two, on account of her feebleness ; ho watched her with a suspicious look in bis moody eyes, and replied coldly that ho would start at oneo ; if sho wore able to go rambling oyer the fields to shepherd's huts, she could certainly bear the jonmey to Scvenoake, and ho was euro the Cumberland nir would do her gool. Tbo poor countess was almost frantic, and wntcbcd in vain for Bomo chanco to steal out and make her way to the cottago, but tlio cart's eye followed her overy movement, and in half an honr the carriages were at tbo door. "Nover mind, my lady," whispered Judith, as eho assisted at her toilet, " when we got to Scvunoaks you can send mo down or mnnnga it some way— don't betray your self now ; my lord is nlrcady angry and sus picious." And with a pang of nnutterablo pain, tho countess bsw that Judith's words were true; tho faco of tho husband slia loved n thou sand times better than her own life, was full of anger and grief; the eyes that hitherto had over regarded her with looks uf tondcrcst lovo, now watched her with covciv fluu suspicious gianccs» (TO IIR OOXTlNnKD.-) 