IRoveUst* Tie Midnight Prophecy OB, ' ; HEIR. OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS'. * ? — »» ? liy Emma Garrison Jones. CIIAl'TEll XII. KO.MULUS. Tho countess ami Judith drew near tlio littlo 'fiiTin-house. It was a pretty, snug placo, a box of ft cottage nil over, hunj; with running creepers, with quaint lat ticed windows, and sloping oaves, beneath which the wrens nnd martins twittored. A square, green yard, shaded by a giant oak, 'beneath whioh nn old man, wearing .. tne sunpio garD ox a Jiyroi puumtiu, uui, tinkeriv.^ at a broken shcepbclli\vJiicliJ»e ivns vainly trying to mend. Ab sho nppronclied tlio wickot-gate, the countess grew deadly white, and leaned heavily on Judith's arm for support. 'Oh, Judith, 'JbIio murmured, 'how familiar everything seems ! I feel as if I hurt lived hore !' ' Yes, my lady,' roplicd tho girl, her mm cheeks very pale, and hor voice un steady ; ' thero's not one thing different ; I even remember tho-pcculiar mako of . lie windows, nnd thatsmooth, worn stono at Iho door. Oil, it is vory strange !'' Thoy opened tho wicket and crosscd tho ?*reen yard. The old peasant dropped his hull and rose to his feet at their ap proach. ' My lady is faint this morning,' spake ?Judith. ' Would you be good enough lo let hor have a drink of fresh milk V' ' Ay, ay, to bo sure,' replied tho old man, nothing incessantly. Como in, cumc in ; my old woman's laying tho dinner U'W — como right in.' \- Thoy followed him across tho smooth alone step, aud through' tho vine-shaded doorway ; and thero, iu the centro of the white, sanded lloor, stood a square tablo, Bet out with shining pewter platters, . Lady Strathspey gasped hor breath, and clung tightly to J udith's arm. Tho wifo, who sat in tho 'chimney corner, with hor spectacles on hor nose, ruse up with a startled exclamation. ' 'Why, bless mo !' alio cried, seizing \- upon tho countess, 'and assisting her to a \- Mjat on tho wooden settle. 'Poor thing! what ails hor?' 'Sho's ill and faint,' explained Juith, 'nnd came to beg a drink of now milk.' ?' And sho shall havo it,' continued tho ??Id woman; ' but sit yo down yourself, ' ..ho addod, glancing at Judith's whitq ul.doks. 'Yo aro liko a pair of ghostB, linlh of yo. Como, sit down, and I'll ! ? j i vg tho dinner on tho tablo in a wink. Tis tho very thing, too, as'll suit ye. bo i 'S oiling— chicken broth and.dumj- lings, 'lid a drop of beer to wash it down ; my ? ?Id man always wauls it when lie's ailing. O'inie, sit'yo down 1' Judith obeyed, sitting down beside hor mistress, aud tho woman ilew about, got tinglior Bavory meal upon the tn bio, while her husband sat on tho stono (loor-aill, slopping at the ilios that buzzed in the noon sunlight. Prosently a gleoful about and a ripling burst of childish laughter broko upon the silonco, and from a little back bedcham bor a littlo fellow, Borne threo summers old, enrae dancing into tho room. Seeing tlio strangers, ho camo to a sud den halt, and stood liko n statue, his scarlot Bmock-frock disclosing his round, \- bare logs and dimpled feet, and a queer ''littlo cap, ornamented with a long feather surmounting his liend, with his profuse ; flaxen ringlets. There ho stood, liis great bluo eyes wide with childish wohdor. ' Why,' liomulus, cried tho old woman, ' can't yo say how, d'yo do to the ladies ! Havo yo forgot your manners ?' Romulus .dolled his plumed cap, aiid dippodjliis curly flaxen head. 'Hoiv d'yo do, ladies?' ho said, ? ? obediently. ? At tho sound of the sweot, lisping voice, . the countess, who had Bat since tlio child's appcaranco liko ono turned to stono, , uttered a pathetic cry, and springing for ward, caught tlio boy to her bosom. 'Oh, my baby 1 my lost darling 1 my «iwn precious' child I' sho cried, between her bursting sobs nnd passionate kisses ; 'I knew I should .find you, you precious lost lamb !' ... ?*'.'* The old peasant and liis wifo stniiil thunderstruck ; luil'tho littlo fellow, no thing daunted, wouud his cluibby arms ?bout the lady's neck, and put hia tuddy cheek against Jier«, : ' Don't ky 1' ho lisped, ontreatingly ; ' lloiumio likes lady ! — Rommie likes her!'' ' Do ye see, old man ?' quoth tho wifo to her husband, hor voico full of pain. ' What did I tell yo tho night yo found him / Didn't I say, just as wo got our licurts set on him somo.fino folks would come ill and snatch him nway V Yes, I did ; and I wish yo'd loft him to tho milch go.it, that I do.' Whereupon, leaving her diunor only half-dished, sho sat down, and carrying her apron to hor eyes, began to cry her self. Tlie boy's quick eyes soon noticed her, and clambcrir.g down from Lady Strath spey's kneo, ho ran to hor side. 'Don't oo l;y, grand-muddcr,' lie pleaded, tugging nt hor apron ; ' JXoniniio likes grand-muddcr, too.' Tho old man caught him up in his arms. ' He's mino 1 tho boy's mine !' ho said, almost savagely ; ' aud I'll givo him up to ono. His fathor and mother abandoned him to tho mercy of my milch goat, nnd lie's mine. Tho countcss and Judith both uttered a simultaneous cry at this confirmation of their strnngo dream. The old man regarded them with angry suspicion. ' Jly good women,' ho said, ' what does all this moan ? Cnn't yo explain yourselves, and toll ino what's tho mat ter lly a strong effort Lady Strathspey con trolled herself nnd wiped tho streaming tears from her cheeks. ' My good sir,' she replied, ' tho ex planation I havo to give to you is a strange one, which possibly you may not believe — indeed, 1 cannot boliovo it at times myself ; but my maid here can bear me out in what I havo to say.' Whorcupon she related all tho myster ious circumstances of tho disappearance of her liabo on tho night of his birth ; nnd nlso the strango droam which Judith had first dreamed and then herself. And tho old man and his wifo listened in speechloss amazement, while tho sum mer sunshine crept slowly ovor tho sanded floor, and tho savoury dinnor grow cold upon tho tablo. When sho had finished they sat looking into caoh other's faces in utter consternation. ' It must bo that Ood sent us tho dream,' continued tho countess, ' for it haunted mo day and night ovor since. I could not rest ono moment. And this morning tho instant my eyes beheld this placo I knew it, and I know as surely, al though another usurps his placo, that tho boy is my own, tho babe who wa3 stolen from my arms in tho vory hour of his birth, tho rightful heir to tbo Earldom of Strelhspoy Towers. 'And now, my good people,' she con tinued, ' 1 havo told you my strnngo story, ond I imploro you to let mo hear yours. Tell mo how and when you camo by this child ; and I pray thero may be some proof by whioh I can restore him to his rightful place.' The old couple sat in utter silenco for a few moments, overwhelmed by what thoy hid heard. Tho idea that it was a young carl they had fostered filled thom with absolute affright. The old man spoke at hist. 'Old woman.' he said, drawing a long breath, and resuming his scat on tho door sill, ''you nro glibber of tho tonguo than 1 am — you lell tho story. Tho old woman put Romulus from hor Knee, ana wipcu ner eyes witn nor apron. ' Talk of being glib of tonguo now,' sho began, ' after hearing such a story as her— why, 'tlio very memory's beat out of mo. 1 do deelaro it reminds me of the old stories ill tho Bible 'bout the days of tho -Apostles, r.ut I'll do tho best I can, your highness,' sho continued, bowing profoundly to tho couutcss; 'and if my memory bo bad I'll stick to the truth : ' It was on tho tonth yf January ; I re member that well, 'causo our red liefer had a calf oil Now Year's Day — and ou that vory morning tho old mail says, 'Old woman, the red hoifer's calf be ten day's old to-day, and you cau bogin to steal a mito of tho drippings — you 'tend to hor ond I'll go and look after tho goats.' So I wont kown to the cattlo-shed, aiid milked tho drippings, and fed tho heifer, and camo home and laid out dinnor. By that lime here comes tho old mini nil of a flutter. Molly,' ho said, ' tho head milch goat is missing ;' and. nothing would do but I must go and help him hunt her. ' Woll, away wo went, and a pretty tramp wo had 1 Through tho valloys, and up tho mountains, till I thought I Bhould drop in my shoes. At last, way on tc - ward sundown, wo spies her, perched on tho top of that bald cliff at tho left yonder.' 'Oh, my lady!' ojaculated Judith. ' Go on, my good woman,' urged tho countess, ' Well, there sho bo perched ri«ht atop of the cliff. ' Why, old woman,' says tho old man, 'sho's got kids I Who'd a thought it ? You must go up and bring thom down in your apron, while I fetch hor down,' ' So up we tussled, my vory bonos ach ing with pain, and Lord bless you, my dear lady, what d'yo 'sposo we saw when wo reached her ? Not a kid, but a littlo, live baby, and it a sucking tho'goat, and its dear little mouth nil wot ' with the milk.' Lady Strathspoy covered her face, con vulsive sobs Blinking her. from head to foot. ' 'I didn't feol my aclies a bit after that,' tho old woman went on ; '! I takes up the child, and the old man shoulders the milch-goat, and down we come.' ' Tho clothos 1' gasped tho countess. Havo you ths clothed the child had on when you found him 1' . 'Yes, I kept thom. 'They may be of use to the child one of these days,' says tho old mail, l!ut that day, as I was toll in' yo, wo brought the child homo, and do you know my old limn, he takes tho railoh Soat right into my back room, and thore e koeps her, only turning hor out to graze onco in a wliilo, and tbo baby he sucked that goat for six round months, and I novcr boo a child thrive as ho did. ' My old man used to be book-lamed wlion lie was young,' she went on, glana ing admiringly at tlio old shepherd on tho sunny door- step, ' and ho says lie's read of a boy as a wolf . suckled, and ho was cnllod Romulus — so nothing would do but the baby bo named after him. So It omul us is his name.' ? ? ' She paused aiMnatant, her lips quiver lug. ' We've no children, of niir own,'nhb went ?on',' at. last, her voico shaking, 'Wo had a hoy once, as promising a'hul aftevcr lived, but he wont '.'.to' sea, .uiul was lost fifteen years ago, And we csn't tell, my lady, how wo took to this child 1 'Iloavon j has sent him,' tlio old inau said, ' to cheer us in our old ago.' Wo'vo dono tho best wo could for him, aud it's liko toaringout our hearts to givo him up, but, hearing your story, I'm convinced that ho's your child, and Ilcaveu scut yo to find him.' Tho old mnn drew tho wondering boy to his arms, nnd resting bis old forehead ou his flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lndy Strathspey was deeply moved. ' My dear, good friends,' she said, 'don't grieve now, I'm not going to take the child from you. I shall want you to keep bim for mc, a long time, perhaps, until I can get proofs, and all that, to establish him in hia right place. You havo never heard aught in regard to him, or found out how be came to tho mountain, I suppose?' ' Never a word, my lady,' replied tho old man, brightening up at the prospect of keep ing the child, ' My lady,' whispered Judith, at this junc ture, 'here comes Lord Strathspey.' The countess arose iu consternation. 'It is my husband,' she exclaimed, ' but I do not wish bim to know about the child yet. Please take him away.' The old woman caught up the boy, and rushed into the adjoining room, closing the door after her. 'Take this,' cried Lady Strathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, and forcing it into the old man's band ; ' I will come again soon. Bo good to my boy, and may Ileavcn bless you.' Sho reached tho wicket just in time to meet the carl, lie looked at her flushed cheeks and swollen eyes in amazement. ' Marguerite,' he said, as he drew ber arm through his, ' I was so impatient I came to seek you. For Heaven's sake, tell me what all this means ? What do you know of these people ! Wbat nils you ?' ' Trust me, denrest Angus,' she sobbed, clinging to his arm; 'you shall know all soon — only trust mc.' And the earl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with tlio awful suspicion growing stronger and stronger in bis mind that Doctor Itcnfrew was right, and his wife was indeed in danger of in sanity. Lord Strathspey rode back to his lodgings, besides tbo bewitching Lady Cecilia, in moody silence. All the Bpirit and zest of the morning had left him, nnd the fair siren put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; he scarcely noticed her, and forgot to reply to her when she spoke. She drove her spur into her horse's flank, and set her white teeth together in rago at her own ill-success. My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charms underrated. But Bhe was likewise very reso lute, and 6hc concluded to let the moody carl ride on in silenco and bide her time. For as sure ns the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright upon tho green valleys of the Tyrol, should tbat self-same moody earl —this man who bad dared, years before, to trifle with her — be brought down at her very feet and made to expiate his folly in sack cloth and ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten ? Had the memory of those old days at Cavendish Manor faded from her ? — those fresh, hopeful days, when she saw a coro net glimmering above her regal brows and a life of love and triumph outstretching be fore her ? Do womon like her ever forget a wrong or a disappointment? My lady set ber white teeth aud arched her graceful neck, and her blue-black eyes glittered with a baleful, phosphorescent light, as she galloped along by the earl's side. CHAPTEIt XIII. IT WHICH THE 1'iEIt PAILS. But the carl was all unconscious, absorbed in his own bitter reflections. Strathspey, earl that was, ns we bnvo said, was a trifle superstitious, nnd in .addition, n little in clined to be jealous and over-exacting. And with all his profound pity and terror at tho thought that bis lovely countcss was on tbe verge of insanity, be still felt angered and injured because she had— even in his wonder ingB, us he believed— dared, to have a secret whioh alio kept from him. He resolved to get at tho bottom of tbe whole matter ; and as soon as he had seen Lady Cecilia aud his family safely quartered iu their lodgings, he strode out of the house, and remounting his weary Arab, galloped straight across the Tyrol valleys lo tbe shepherd 'scottagc. The old wife saw him Homing before he rcnched the wiokct, and, being a woman possessed of sharp wits, she divined the object of his visit; and, catchicg upjittlo Itomulus, who sat beneath tho great onk in' the afternoon sunlight, she whisked bim off to the cattlc-shcd, where her husband was, and was back again in the cottage door by the timo tho carl had dis mounted. Ho strode through tho wicket and across the yard haughty and stern. 'My good woman, ' ho began, without salutatioa or preface, ' I hnvccome hero to' ask you a question, and I want a straight forward answer.' ' My lord, my poor tonguo is at your grace's service,' simpered the old woman, with a deep courtesy, chuckling all the while, iu her sleeve, at the irato peer. '' The countess, my wifo, was here to-day,' continued Lord Strathspey, waving aside tho seat sho offered him, ' and I want to know what sbo come for.' ' For a drink of new milk, your honor, respondedthe woman, glibly. '?Silencel' thundered the carl, growing black with passion* ' I. want no prevarica tion, Tell mo what my wife wants of you, and you of her.' 'Why, bless my soul, your grace,' re plied the old woman, her gray eyes all of a twinkle, 'I only know she is tho Countcss of Strathspey, and wife to your lordship, 'causu tho maid told me the same, and asked me for tho drink of fresh milk, hor ladyship being faint— that's all.' ' 'Tis false,' continued the angry noble man, ' and ynu know it. Didn't tho countcss come out to mo, all flushed and tear-stained. Tell mo what excited hor so-; I'vo a right to know. Tell me, or— I'll make you.' . The old woman fairly chuckled in his face. ' My lord,' she said, ' bo ye the king on his throne, my tongue's my own, and no one, whether peer or peasant, can make it wag. Why don't yo ask your wife ?' The earl was well-nigh choking with EasBion, for, liko all his race before him, he ad a hot, unreasonable temper. If it bad been a man, lie. would havo struck bim down with the butt of his whip; being a woman, he strode nway and left her. But at the wicket a second thought struck him, and he turned back. 'My good woman,' lie said, taking a heavy purse from his pocket as be spoke, ' I have strong reasons for iinding out wbat it is that troubles my wife. I'm afraid her mind is impaired— take this, and tell me wbat brought her here.' Theold woman eyed tho yellow gold with another ohuckle. 'I've nothing to tell your grace,' she re plied, 'and if I had, your gold wouldn't make my. tonguo wag no , sooner than your hard words.' . ' Curse you,' muttered the earl, under bis breathiand, striding back to tbe wicket, he vaulted into bis Boddle, and was on tbe point of galloping oil, when a littln figure, in a scarlet smock nnd plumed cap, shot up right before his horse's feet, Tbe earl drew in bis fiery steed and called opt laragely . . ' ? f 'Got from under my horse's feet, will you?' ' ltommic not under ho fects,' replied the littlo fellow, looking up fearlessly at'the fincborsc and its wrathful rider. Something in tho finely cut face, nnd great sen-blue eyes, nnd profuse flaxen curls made the nobleman's heart thrill. lie gazed down, for au instant, into the child's face, like one bewildered. ' Great Heaven,'1 ho muttered, ' what a likeness, 'l'is Lady Pearl's face over again. Little man, who are you ?' ' I'm Rommie. I lives wld grandmuddcr,' answered the boy, fearlessly. 'Ah I Well, you're a fino lad for a pea sant's son — get out of my way.' And away went the baffled peer, liko tbe wind, pondering mocdily nnd ns he pondeied, with the boy's face mirrored in his memory, n horrible idea flashed through hia mind, picrcing his heart liko a poisoned blade, and almost making him reel in his saddle. It did not occur to the Conutess of Strathspey that she had forgotten to nsk the peasant woman if there was a birt-h mark on the boy's arm, until after Bhe bad snugly settled in her chamber for the nigbt ; and then her regret and impatience know no bounds. Sho would have stolen forth, and made ber way to tho cottage through the darkness of tho night, but for Judith, who implored, nnd almost compelled her to forego the visit till the morrow. But when the morrow came, what was the poor woman's consternation to hear that tbe carl had taken a sudden rcsolvo to go up to Sevenoak Grange, in Cumberland, for the shooting season, and had made bis preparations to set out at once, * It was all in vain that she begged him to defer tho journey a day or two, on account of her feebleness ; lie watched her with n suspicious look in bis moody eyes, and replied coldly that he would start nt once ; if she were nble to go rnmbling over the fields to shepherd's huts, she could certainly bear the journey to Sevenoaks, and he was sure the Cumberland air would do her cool. The poor countcss was almost frantic, and watched in vain for some chance to steal out and make her way to the cottage, but the earl's eye followed ber every movement, and in half an hour the carriages were at tho door. 'Never mind, my lady;' whispered Judith, as she assisted at her toilet, ' when wo get to Sevenoaks you can send mc down or manage it somo way— don't betray your self now ; my lord is already angry and sus picious.' And with a pang of unutterable pnin, tbo countcss saw that Judith's words were true; the face of tho husband she loved a thou sand times better tlinn her own lifo, was full of anger and grief; the eyes that hitherto had ever regarded her with looks of tenderest love, now watched her with covert and suspicious glances. ('TO BR CONTIXnElO 