MR. G. C. MI IN INTERVIEWED. (Australian Star.) Yes, said Mr. Mihi, after some preliminary conversation, the day for the legitimate drama has largely gone by for the present, though it may come again. As an instance, I had a letter from Mr. Dampier yesterday, in which he tells me he has found it tliliicnlfc to make Shakspeare pay, and has found it more profitable to fall back on something cheaper, I think that it is perhaps natural that people should like something to make them laugh. They are building up a new country ; they are strained in many ways by financial difficulty and the hard work of making money, and they go to a theatre not so much for food for reflection and study as for the purpose of having a good time. "Let's go and have some fun, is their idea, and when a man is in that condition he does not sympathise so very much with the ghost of Hamlet's father, with a deep bass voice and his head smothered in gauze. My own impression about the " legitimate drama a most unfortunate expression, for there is a good deal of the " legitimate" which is distinctly illegitimate, and of the so-called illegitimate which is really legitimate-is that from any true dramatic standard Shakspeare's plays as they will have to be presented in the future must be in the form of " production," that is, they must be spectacularly treated. Instead of playing eight or ten plays for a month or six weeks, as is done now both in America and in England, the legitimate actor will, I think, love to take some one piece and stage it magnificently, and in that way there is some chance of making money for the actor. For my own part, I have worked to a certain extent along that line, and I shall work it out further in the future. I have not been able to present my pieces in Australia as I should like to have done, either as to scenery or costume, but that was largely owing to the short time I had to prepare for the engagements rather to any disposition to neglect. I am not one of that class which says that Shakspearian drama is dead, and that his plays will henceforward be found only in the library as examples of the highest forms of literature. They are too highly dramatic, too intensely interesting, too profoundly philosophic for them ever to perish from the stage ; but I do say there must be some change in the way of presenting them. The actor must recognise the wish of the public for a big spectacle. I suppose now, that if a play of Shakspeare could be treated like some modern melodrama, it would go "howling." If Ophelia, for instance, were to fall through the bushes into a Gift. tank of real water, and Hamlet were to dive in after her, and then stand on a rock and declare that she was his I have some idea that "Handel" would go." Then in the graveyard scene you might have a few bloodhounds prowling about, sorting over the bones and skulls. No doubt about it " Hamlet" would go." And following out your idea what play would you select as the vehicle of spectacular effect I don't think I should choose " Hamlet" because it is too serious and melancholy all through for any glaring effects to be produced, but I should think Richard III," or "Macbeth," but then Macbeth never did draw the people. "Othello" would be a very good piece, but I very much doubt if it could ever be made a popular play. Naturally the comedies " Much Ado About Nothing," for instance, as Irving has already proved in London. Yes, adds Mr. Miln reflectively, I think when I get back to America I will treat Richard 1 II. that way and run him for a year. It's a strange thing, isn't iii I thought I could play " Hamlet," and they tell me here I can't at least, Mr. Buchanan does-and I didn't think I could play Richard, and everybody tells me I can. And your stay in Australia I suppose I shall do the round of the colonies, but my engagements in America must take me back soon. I have found Australian audiences very sympathetic, particularly in Sydney, but in Brisbane and Newcastle I think they would have liked something lighter. 1 felt rather flattered in Brisbane by the way in which the people rolled up when the weather was so hot. I wouldn't have gone near a theatre if I hadn't been obliged. And I have been on the best of terms with the companies I have played with. The actors and actresses are well ', on. Indeed the company I had at Her Majesty's was the most enjoyable ever played 'with. I have certainly felt your a mule. It has taken away all fear of what may lie in store in a future state, for though we li;, ve hot weather in America it is not so close and oppressive. " And I suppose you would like me to say something about you harbour. Ah (putting on the air of melancholy Jaques) well, on those hot days, or any other days, I think I would find most enjoyment in a diver's suit, and looking for that box of sovereigns off the Alameda. Now one word about your Shakspeare readings. Because I or any other actor places a different interpretation on any of Shakespeare's plays from the traditional one, is, to my mind, one of the surest signs of Shakspeare's genius. If a simple mind, untutored, could attack the text of Shakspeare, and understand it instantly, it would seem that there was no very great philosophic insight on Shakspeare's part, because it takes a philosopher and a scholar to understand a philosopher and a scholar. I do not pay much attention to critics, because when you answer them it is like a cannon ball being fired into a mountain of porridge. One of the charms in playing Shakspeare to me is that no matter how long you may play there is always some new insight, some new thought arising, and some new interpretation. I think critics as a rule want cheap notoriety. I do not speak of the newspaper critics. They have treated me well, and I have much to thank them for, and I would like you to convey to them the deep feeling of appreciation with which I shall ever regard them. 