AS OCEAN SECRET BSIKd A STRANGE S1JRY or A DEAD MAM GOLD. By JAMES SKIPP BORLASE, Author ot "Darker than Death," "Who Killed John CameronT "Both Princess and Police Spy," "Nina the Nihilist," "May Mortimer's Mistake," &o;,, &0t [All Bights Reserved.] Chapter LIX — f Continued. J "The cook-eyed man? the boss-eyed man? Has th9 fellow who you acouse of muideiing Mr. Start got a boss-eye, a death white face, and jet black hair?" stammered Jim Ballinger, for the first time growing terribly excited. "Yes, he has all that, and he's also got the horroiB—the jumps, the diddleum tremendous (doubtleBB Ben meant delirium tremens), the doctors call it I believe, and it's driven him to confess the crime. Now what about the forty pounds so that I may let him carry his secret to the grave with him and thus secure to you the blooming bride that you've been hankering after for many a long year, eh ?" "Perish the thought!" exclaimed Jim wildly. " Oome and tell that which you have just told me to his wife, and if you can prove all that you say you can she'll give you five hundred pounds instead of forty—aye, out of her own purse—and I'll also do my bsat to get you the five hundred that were offered by the Government to me only yesterday and which I refused to accept. HoneBty is tne b9St policy, my friend. Depend upon it that we shall both of us find it so." So saying the ex-lance-corporal seized the astonished ex-poacher, who could not compre hend a lover exercising such magnanimous con duct towards a rival, in almost an affectionate manner by the shoulder and actually pushed him along until they had arrived at the seat whereon Winny still sat, where Jim gaspingly related all that Ben Boughton had just told him, and Winny, excited even to tears, hastened to ratify the promise that her cousin had made on her behalf. Thereupon Ben, who had never before wit nessed the nobler side of ordinarily poor, weak human nature bo strongly developed, wsb almost equally affected, and without any further urging began to relate how at The Old Gunboat (a disreputable tavern, built of wood, in shape exactly like an old-fashioned gun boat, mast and all, and standing in the cantce of a large open space that at that time inter vened between the top of Elizabeth-street and the mean and shabby suburb of Carlton) a shearer from np country had for the past few days been "sweating down a cheque" (which is the colonial parlance for taking the amount out in drink), and that when he had drunk, or the landlord Baid he had drunk, the full value thereof, he had been turned out neck and crop, raving with the "horrors," either to die or to recover, according to whether his constitu tion was a tough or a weak one, inside an old mine boiler, that, like some vast whale, had been Btranded amidst the filth and weeds and winter mud of the patch of bare and open com mon for years past. How, on the preceding night, Ben had also sought the shelter of the boiler, quite by chance for his'own resting-place, and had there lis tened to the maniac's ravings, concerning how, nearly a year previously, he had seen a man knock down another in the Fitzroy Gardens, | then leave him, and thereupon had noticed the glitter of gold and jewels on the prostrate per son, had gone up to him, attempted to rob him, and ion the man suddenly recovering con sciousness and grappling with him, he had strnck at him with a heavy door-key whioh he had picked up in the street to sell for old iron, intending only to etnn him again, instead of which the blow had killed him. Een then went on to tell how the fellow had even let ont the name of the murdered man in his ravings, and also that of the innocent one who was to be hanged for the crime, and he concluded by saying that he bad bound him down inside the boiler, where he would doubtless still be found, for that no one living near The Old Gunboat ever took any notice of a man raving with the horrorB. it was such a common occurrence in that locality, and that no boys or children ever played on the common because it was said to be haunted by the ghost of a horse thief, who in the old lawless days of the fifties was lynched from the branch of the sheaoak tree that then stood in its centre. When Ben had conoluded his narrative Winny excitedly reiterated her promise to him; and then added, " Now let us all go to the house of Mr. Kyte- the magistrate, for he will help us, and his is just the kind of help that we need." 