London By- [from on: own on;ni^rS-i-F.}.T.] Ilr Ma r.li 8. E|tnE Irish' H .ilno Rule qurs'ipn thrpugl - font its' various developments ins^li «* aRj series cRinciiloiits so sonsatio nl mut |tmgic as tlilso unfolded in the hislonf fof the. ForgiH L tiers and the .suicide off. I' hnthor n( Mad- id this day week.: ippearance of Pigott in til? R-iynl; !s of J^tice for three, days, lii-1 ying nt the hinds of Sir Ointrlpr ill, his lies, foigorirs, eonfossions, rcantaiions of confrssior.s, and thru ight. to Sp.iin, and — the closing act e sad play — his suicide nt tlir —nil this is quite dramatic.' It is dt to withhold a modicum of |;ity isidering the career and end of the hed man ; he had been suffering great poverty since ho said.- his , and his ct imps must have -:l-orne Qwn punishment iu the state of which sent him off with a loaded f.er in his l ag ready to take1 his life at any moment' rather': than igain that pitiless ciossdknmina Pigoti evidpntly shared the ir 'idea that once a. criminal is in he is oafp. What revelations we 1 have had if the witness had turned Tuesday, it is difficult ti say,' but airly' evident that the f. rgery of Btters would have been brought to him without his confession, the first, . Pig., tt was Bnspectcd by rish members, aud with their ns ce-M-. George Lewis, their.- at f, had established., .4:- cliaiii of ice pibylag. pig^tt to be the forger ®_--5iieged letters. Everybody ..is gi^ie fatuity ol the. 7Vni--x,'..and fth-y''to talk til! doomsday they' not exhaust the; nsioiiishmeiit is rightly felt. Nobody asked to go into the gple.rptisp, and their so was quile a gratuitous tempting ovidehce. I think that the pro rs of the paper should have '-een led before the bolt was shof, as lancial consequences will certainly dividend-paying'- for , some itirae. Parnell' has an action against the now going o i in the lush Courts ges laid at £50,000), ' and the .M.P.'s will ful ow' suit nhen tho d has been cleared of tbe Special rission. The Times has certainly ed a dreadful blow, and its prestige, ncd. As more people hate ' the than like it, no great1 amount of will be felt ; ii is to lie hoped, er,, that r.o crushing blow- has eceived — though it richly deserves i fate— for the Times is. invaluable use who, know how tp treat it ?iy. I find it as necessary as jrriy fast ; I regard its sheets as reflect 1 the actions and thoughts of the of yesterday, and., as; giving an it' more or hiss fully of all Jlie -f the world. Tho wide range of iporters of the Times, and its 1 habils of accuracy in collatiug liting ils news, give the paper a : value. - A person of independent ent can enjoy a newspaper whilst ng its politics. - f ! It Is very generally thought that the f'Pase against the Irish M.P.'s virtually /breaks down with the withdrawal . of ? the letters. . Tnc Commissioners, how-' f ever, are appointed to enquire into tlie f whole of the charges, and so they l ave 'to keep up the fare, to the bitter end.: \- It is a pity, for nobody, cares a. fig for; ; the proceedings now the letters are : proved to be foignries. If tho Times s were wise it would withdraw the entire \- case, aud 'out the loss,' as the sti ck- ! brokers say. The Home Rule Party i 'are in excellent spirits, knowing well fthat the events of the past fortnight i-wil! torn many a doubtful election ml ftheir favor. Mmo or/less bpenly the 'Government has assisted the Times: in igetting op its case, so that it' is' quite a /natural thing for the other side tb'ex-' fpeot Her Majesty's Ministers to bear a 'portion of tiie Pigott disaster on their , Bhoulders. There are three elections ..pending, one of .which— Kenninglon — iwill-'t-Bt public feeling in London on /the present political .poritidii.... , Mr. Gent-Davis, who takes the Chiltern Hundiede, was elected in I886 by' a majority of 430 a. a Conservative ; the I Gladstonians expect to wiii the sent SOW. Mr. Parnell has received hoops of letters and telegrams from all parts of the woi Id, congratulating him upon' the 'collapse pf th sJWi case. ^ I am glad fto see (bii£-®€So ckble mees'ges have j/COtne fwrni 'your colony couched in this [?train. -The foreign mes-nges wore pub lished in the Jjaity Ncwe of yeitorday, :Mr. l'arnell's ' frieods juliihuit' at the iToqacrs' will, T fear, ho somewhat ah isoyed to fi ijd that their congramlation is supposed to have emanated from ' Charierstowers, fictoria.' (I hope ' Messrs, Dillon, fjfiimqnde, and Deasy Will ! bring back from Australia some knowledge of Aus'ialian geography to tcaclj lo tlieir 'friends.) Tbe cable Lorn ithe - flutt'Ittbrry Irishman wan duly ! credited to 'RuniJubeig, Queensland,' if so it is a my«tiry why Ohmteis Towers '? WftS Irt-uUxJ so l.ailly. ' O jotumundra' / was evidently given up by the editor. of : the correspondence, for in bis despair lie ! wrins riot in what qmirier of the globe ?'tho town issiiuated, heeituting, probably, ? ' botwceii Houth Africa and the Western -. States of America, / ' It iii now r.eport.'d (hut the Duhe of [/Portland is eigigud to be married, arid the Dbkc -f Hutheihniil, who used to fjjs a gr0(t friend nf- tho Prineo of sTValeg; was niuriied. on Tuesday lai-t in tpiorids, .whom he bus ail nUiile, A« I ilBejitionC'J ?' -'Y 'uli1, l,ftl«r, them Inoi 'been of late 'l1''1'5 111 °r -m,r i'liages in the upper circles ; A'. li W.d pesdsy lins, ho a ever, put o stop to 5fwhiou*ble mairiiiges for present. 7 Mr. Cfimiiiglisi'i' Orahnio, tho hern 'of Traftilgai-H'jual'', inado « f»d at'.ack ^jtpon his official loi'ders in the House 0P Tuesday night. He had an junend jpent down: expressing reg'ut 'hut the Hggditkti c( Vhu wtirltiug classes wss not nlluJnd to in the .poeen's Rpeech. Tiie honorable ''gentleman accusrd Mr. Glads|ton.! of havina spiked the Micheb town gun on that occasion — alluding to the- discussion on tho Trafalgar square rt'fi. |, The metropolitan 'memboi.s are very shy of tackling this Trafalgnr quanr. question, and it is plain that tho ?control of the, London police must be rnken ftom the central Government and :iven tn ihn local nutlinritics before the igitutors cm hope for success. By the ?wiijv this same gentlemen, Mr. Cuning haiixe Gralmm,. was ' pilled' last week at tho Reform (Jlnb, where he had been put up : there weve 69 black balls out of 249, a terrible verJict inched. Some yens ag -, Mr. Cliamberlaiii's .; two '?rollierswore put up for tho Reform, which is a most exclusive club,:- and were treated as Cuninghnme Grahum has noiv heen treated. : . ? . - ? : fine Tail AfqJl Gazette, having nodis itn ssed ladies on ite Books, has lately : been championing the' cause of distres !s-d dogs. Too well-known -Jiome^for ?[lost and starving dogs at Rattersea -hns got into low water and a special effort , js being made to! raise £1,000 towards its funds.. The journal named hasman ageil lo get its friends to subscribe £500 ?and a concert h id at the palace of the iDuko of Westminister during this .week,' ;at which | Miss Terry, , Mrs.- Bancroft/ [Mr. Grossmith, and .other artistes . gave Jheir serviicee, is okpected to - produce the other five l.hiindred. The Battersea Home doE^ such good work, and has bp co in e _ f :ici!-A--»v€3g^37rn L}ndon,:: fcfiOh it would be a thousand pities to ' let, it die.. Its expenses have of late years greatly ? increased, owing ;to. the in civased -nunib;r j of - dogs brought .in' from the streets i by : the police. The (fills home at the same place is lurge'y patronized :bv peiuile -who leave- their tabbies at so much a week during their abs-nce from home. ;s -* ;s i '? :. I regret to nnDoitnce the de* tji of the Rev. J. G.iAYood, the . well-known una liked naturalist,- who died at: Coventry, on Sunday, last, from .peritonitis. Mr. . Wood lectured a few days ' before his death, which .was : sudden/'; No man could write {on Natural . history as. he could, liis-i books j aie charming, and equal to® romance in interest — ' Homes XViihout Hands, 'V for instance. We can ill spare Mr: Wood; who took rank with Gilbert White and -Charles Dat win. ? t ? ? ... . - .jiA: curious, scene .was enacted last week iiijSt.Swithins Lane,. City,, the locality ofilhe offices of Messrs. R. M. Rothschild and Sons these lianlcrrs were receiving application for .an. [issue of £300,000, required to ] -float Hie Bnrmah Ruby Mines. Mr. Streetcr'smame is as' ociateil; wrth the issue, and the highly-colored' reports aboutjtbe rich ruby deposits in our lately- acquired ieriitoryi made the 'company gg' off like wild-fire. Pi op'e began to surround the office about'iiglit a-m-, and. by /opening time— 10— there were fully: 5,000. persons ; assembled.- 7 A 'terrible crush; was the result and- many! of /the speculators were injured ; the plate glass front of a shop was forced in & fell|r:wuh-'a terrible crash upon the orcwd. Loijd B.othscliihl had ito enter hi? office by means. of a ladder, and the clerks wet® busy all jhe inofaing letting down from theWiiidows-of the firststory strings, to wlvicli the prowd below attached their apjiiicntiohs and . cheques J Such is the rage! for speculation: nowadays: these people did not wish [to /invest in the mine, but only to get! allotments t0 ge]l ??gam lmipedia'oly, Thpy were.'JLpreuiium huntcra;' Before allotment Buruiah Rpby shares' were quoted at2'to 3 pre -, mium. Newreompanies^are coining out wholi salf ; Colonel North \ with bis Nitrates set the hall nlrollin'g, and there is 'quite - a minor. South, Sea-Bubble, tempting capitalists, i i Noble ' Lojdi^ actreisses, all sorts and cohditiotiB of merir and women, are trying to fljpd tbe royaL ioadie wealth. ! Prospectuses arrive by' eveVyTposi in bushels, and everyboly is going! to get rich by leaps fahd .bounds; ? j.;- - I:/.- ?; ?--; / ifU'T2 ® Lord George Hamilton introduced the NavaJ. [Programme of | tho Government into the House .of 'Commons- last '.'night amid^:'g6mc excitement. The proposals are as: follows L'^tTo build 70: new., ships ! at an 'estimated cost of £21,500,000, in cluding armaments; this sum .to be spread, over, fouriyrars, 'and to be divided ?hettVeen the D. ckyards; (£11 ,500,000), aud private huildois [£10, 000, 000)7 .The First Lord cstimatqs that /or. this ..gum, lie caffMiuld night firsLcjtiss battle ships, two seeend-class, nine fiist-closs cruisers, Ucnly-nino small crubcrs, four still smaller, and eighteen' torpedo gun hoals., Tbq pyogrsmmfi Iwas receive J .'cn .'tiie whole witli favour, i hough the exiretnp Radicals have banded themselves together to resist tooth and null the Government proposals. The official j Liberals have asked for, time to. consider; : .this increase will mist likely bp 'mode, ''' especially, iut the proposals' arc supported by -a' news paper demand. ]: 1 ! 1/ * ? Your neighbour; Mr.- E. fi. Rawsoii, l^ts again got in to print,: iThis time his story fsicalled ' Jim's Ghost : a Qupon® lurid Mystery,' and forms, an intprosling iiiim inSa .-liUlo volume -of 'Australian sterii s brbiiglit out by Mr. P. ' Monnell, entitled ' in Australian i Wilds,', pub lifched by JIuteliiiison, , : ; 