ialcs and fetches. [now fibst published.] A PIT B11O\V LASSIE. BY JOHN MONK. FOSTER, Author of « Tbe Moss Pit Mystery,' ?? A Poor Man'e Tragedy,' ' Judiifa'a [all rights reserved.] Chapter XVI.— Kate Visits the Mine. It was Saturday evening again, and once more Lake Standish and his Bweeiheart were strolling together in the fields behind Baunister'a Jtow. Ju«t a. wet.-k hal elapsed fiince their last kmH;, an-1 their conversation naturally tamed to t'ne subject they had then discussed, although neither of them had any thing new to advance on the matter. ' i suppose, Kate,' Luke remaxUed, ' that you arc still determined to visit the old workings of ihe King Fit?' contrive -to take me there.' ihen you can go to-night.' 'To-night?' she echoed, hardly prepared for socli an immediate response to her wishes. ' Yes, between eicht and niu- o'clock. It will be qnite dark liy tl.u.1: time, and no one will be down the pit beaidc* us.' 41 Will anyone see us go down ?' ' There will only be the man at ths engine, and he cannot see who gets into the cage, or out of it.' ' Won't he think it strange if you go down to-night ?' she asked. ' Not at all, for he know* I have to go down. Some of the colliers' places are fall of fire damp, and whilst speaking to Mr. Latham this afternoon I offered to go down to-night abont eight 'or nine to eee that it waa nut becoming danger: nn.3.*1 ** You did it because you remembered my wish, I suppose?' 'Partly on that account, I mast admit, though I didn't tell the iVanager so.' 'Then 1*11 go with you/' ahe exclaimed. ' How long shall we be down, do yon think?' '* If we deeceud about eight o'clock we may get back again by ten.' ' Yon will change your doihn V ** Certainly, anil you also. If yon appeared on the pit- brow in that white dress anyone might see you a mile off, and it's quite certain the engine-tenter would do bo.*1 About an hour and a half later the lovers Btood on the brow of the King Pit ready to descend. Around them lay the colliery yard, etill, dark, sad deserted, for they and the enginetnan were the only beings about the place. The old night watchman, was comfortably seated beside a pot of ale in the nearest tavern, and so was not likely to notice who descended or ascended the pit that night. Luke was standing between the month of the shaft and the engine house, whilst Kate stood behind one of the spars of the head^^ar, qnite in the shadow and utteily beyond the reach of the engine-tenter's eyes. . Presently the cage rose slowly to the eorface and stopped. Then Lake got in, Kate slipped in also on the other side, and be gave the word to descend. Kate did not cry out when she felt herself being dropped at a swiit rate down that dark vertical tunnel. Shs had been down a coal pit before, and was therefore quite cooL Seizing the cross-bar in the middle of the cage she steadied herself during the descent, and won a word of approval from her lover on account of her courage. Lake had a lamp in h\e hand, another in his pocket, and when die pit bottom was reached he handed the Utter to Kate. Then, after a few minutes' rest, they made their way towards the places which, aa the fireman had stated, were tilled with firedamp. When the colliers' places were reache 1 Luke found that no appreciable change i.ad taken place. Owing to a fall in an air-road close by a dangerous quantity of the fiery gaa had accumulated, but it was safe no long as no one went near it with a defective lamp. With the greatest interest Kate watched her lover test the firedamp in the ueuil way. Telling Kate to p;:t her lamp on the floor for a moment Luke pulled down the flame of his own until it became a feint blue speck. Then he raised it slowly toward the roof, and presently the girl saw that the lamp gauze was filled with a luminous pale blue raprmr. Next be lowered the lamp again front out the gas which rested in a layer along the roof. ' Is there much, Luke ?' Kate asked breathlessly as they turned away. ' Enough,' he answered, ' to kill a thousand men, if they were down the pit when it went off!'1 She shuddered just & little at this, but said nothing, and Luke now took a path that would lead them into the old workings on the oortb side of the pit. At a good paee they trudged on, Luke Standish leading, and filing Kate to speak when ahe felt tired, so that they could rest. On and on then sp«i, never abating their speed, and in half au hour they were iiinid tbe old galleries. The girt was tno excited now to feel the least fatigued, and again and again refused to rest when he asked if she were tired. They were now at the bottom of the old road, and the nPTt moment ascended it to gether. Five minutes more, and the fall was reached. Kate seated herself on the sidi of the road, and wiped her heated face, whiibt Luke, taking a seat od the stone hr- had pre viously nsed for that purpose, siid : — '*This is the place, dear, where I saw yonr father. 1 was sitting on this very Btone. and I saw him go right iuto those stones,' point ing to the fallen roof, ' and disappear among them.' ' Where did yon pick op the box?'1 *he asked calmly, though he could sm that her face waa unasnally pale and resolute-looking, j ' Just there, beside your feet. What is it, Kate ?' He caw her jerk ber head ronnd and look right duwn the road, bat after that bnei ejaculation he could not otter another word — he could only watch Kate, who eeeoitd to have become quite uncoDBcioua of his presence, Fix-edly tbe girl stared down the road for a few moments, and then ber head turned back towards Lake as if her eyes were following something he cod Id doc see. But he noticed tbat ber eyes were distended, and filled with a weird, unnatural expression, that her mouth was dosed firmly, her nostrils dial&teri;, and that, her gaze was now fixed on tbe fall behind him. as if she were spell- bound — facinated. The next moment he saw her eiuk prostrate and aenaelesa to the floor* a deep eob of agony bursting from her lius. Chapter XVL— Beyond the pallex Hoof. When Lake Standibh caw his sweetheart swoon away and fall prostrate on the road, he broke the spell that had hitherto kept him dumb and motionless and sprang to her aid Taking Kate in his arms, be waited im patiently for her recovery, for in their present toward quickening her resuscitation. Taking her bands in his own he felt that they were icy cold, so he began to cbafe them as well aa his awkward position enabled him. In a. few minntes the girl begun to strnggle in her lover's arms, and presently her eyes opeued, and she glanced around in a dazed, *- Where am L Luke? What place is this t What has happened ?' ' Don't agitate yourself, darling/* he replied, ' You will be all right again in a minute.' lie hereupon ventured to press his hot lipe &.g&inbt; her pile cheek, addioc; ?- — ?? You fainted, you know.' His words brought back to Kate in a rush the recollection of the cause of her un consciousness, and clinging more closely to her sweetheart she cried brokenly : — ** £ saw h''\ Luke, I eaw him ! You must have seen him too I' ' Who V he asked. *' My father. He came right up the road, went past me and yon, and then seemed to melt away into the fall there. You muat have seen him.'1 ' I eaw nothing, dear. But I saw that your eyes were fixed on something 1 could not see.' ?' Did you hear anything ?' ' But he spoke to me twice. First when he went past me, and again just before he dis appeared amid those stones. He mentioned my name each time. It is very strange that yon neither heard nor eaw him.' ' I eaw and heard nothing,' Lake responded. ** You must have fancied these things. I am satisfied now that I waa dream ing as yon have just been doing. We have both been the victims of a heated imagina tion.' She shook her head decisively. ' No,' she cried, '* it U not imagination. In your case it may have bees : in mine it is quite impossible. It was as real as such things can be. I was fully awake and remember everything. I was sitting there, yon on that stone, when something caused me to look down the road, and there I saw my father coming slowly towards me. At tint I thought he was going to stop, but he only looked at me, whispered my name, and went on past yon and towards the fallen roof. ' ' How was he dressed ?' Luke asked. *' He bad on an old-fashioned doth cap wide at the top, a blue flannel shirt torn at the elbows, and cord breeches patched at the knees.' ' Just as I sketched him !' Lnke ejacnlated. '* Yes, just as yon sketched him, and as he appears in the photograph at home.' ' It is very mysterious,' Lake mattered, adding, ae Kate rose to her feet, ' shall we go ' Yes, let us go,' she responded, taking a long last look at the heap of fallen roof. ' But the mystery of it all seema clearer now to me.' 'Cleirer!'1 he TjplieJ, as they went down the road together. ' What do vou mean, K*te ?' '1 mean,' the said, 'that I perceive a mcaniug in all that you and I have seen. 1 from my mother .it all ; thai be went neither to left Ashford ' ' What became of him then ?' ' I believe,' she replied slowly, solemnly, 'That what is left of him lice up this road under that heap of roof. He mi-st have got lost in the old workings, us you and the others did ; but he was not so fortunate as you were.' *4 Just what I had somehow began to fancy might have happened,' Lose tnAde answer. ' It is not a fancy with me,' Kate left home that morning, seventeen years ago, in the very clothes in which we have both seen him, and never being seen again, of course my mother came to think he had gone away. I shall never rest satisfied until that roof is cleared away.' ' But bnw is that to be managed ?' Luke asked doubtfully. ** I don't know, but it must be done,' she crifid, ** even if I have to cotne down by etealth and do it myself.' ' It will take ft m-u a we^fc to do it, Kate. ' *' N'o matter, it bhall be doue. 1 shall go to I the manager and tell him all, and he will perhaps have the tiirt clraied up.' '* Perhaps he may. Anyhow we can see what he thinks kbnut it.' I ' What vime vcill bt tbe best to see Mr. Latham ?' I ' To-morrow afternoon, I think. He is & very nice n**n, aud will certainly listen to ' what we have to say, though, of course, we j can hardly expert him to believe it as we do.' I ' And my mother *' ' Had better know nothing just yet. If tbe manager consents to have tbe fall cleared up we can tell her then ' Aud so it w*s agreed. On the following afternoon Luke and Kate repaired to tbe residence of Mr. Latbam, tbe manager, which lay only a few minutes' walk selves w*re at once received by thftt gentle man in his parlour. Mr. Latham was a man of fifty, or there abutits, and had been 'connected with the yearn, tie had began his working life at tit teen as a mining student, and had gradually worked himself np to his present pobition, filling in turns the appointments of Fireman, Underiooker, Mine Surveyor, Under-manager, and, finally, the honourable and Lucrative post of fierier.*! Manager. He was greatly re«pec:ed by his workmen fair dealing, and, although he had the repata* tiou of being very sceptical on matters of religion, no man in Ashford had a larger or warmer circle of friends. For the rest be had a fine gentlemanly appearance, and spoke with a blight nasal twang that reminded one of America, and gave to hia utterances a Mr. Latham seemed puzzled a little as bis eyes rested on hie \ isitors. A vihit from either of them alone would not have caused him much wonder* for be had always evinced a kindly interest in the young fireman, and had often spoken to Kate bince tbe afternoon ahe fell from the ebute. In fact, it was owine entirely to him that the hand to me pit-brow girl was permanently appointed to the place of number- caller. As briefly and as clearly as possible Luke related the whole story of his singular experience whilst lott in tbe mine, and that of Kate's on tbe previous nigbt. Mr. Latbam listened in ?reduioue)y to his fireman's account of the spectral apparition, and his sketch ot it, that had been identified by Rate, together with the 6ndiog of the tobacco boi beating Jonathan Leigh's name, and its recognition by Mrs. Leigh. ** This is the most singular thing that ever came under my observation ' said Mr. Latham gravely, as he examined both tbe rode sketch Luke had made and the photo graphic view of the Ked Lion. ' ' It appears incredible, but, of course, I cannot discredit your word, so far as believing yon saw it goes. Yet it must have been an hallucination or mental illusion, for 00 one believes in ghosts nowadays. Tbat is the only rational explana tion of the matter tbat presents itself to my mjrn^t and I think, it the only reasonable one that can be given,' Kate shook her pretty head decisively, whilst Luke was rather inclined to accept the manager's view. It appeared more probable to suppose tbat he and hia sweetheart had been subject to hallucination than to believe that they had received a supernatural visita tion. But the mystery ef it all was not lessened in any way by taking this aspect of the nutter. ' Then what is yonr idea of the matter, Miss Leigh?' the manager &aked.; ' I believe/' said Kate firmly, *' that it was my father himself that I saw ; that he never left Asbford at all, but was lost in the mire somehow, like Luke and the others, and tbat he lies beneath tbe fall of roof.' Mr. Latham was quite familiar with the atory of Jonathan Leigh's disappearance : bad even a distinct recollection of the miner himself, and the girl's emphatic utterance had evidently made some impression upon him, fr-r he asked after a little pause :— ' And what do you wish me to do ? Hare the fallen roof cleared up, and thus either prove or disprove your suspicions ;:' ' Yes,' Kate responded quickly, in grateful tones. ** that is what I wish to be done. I feel certain that my father's remaina will be found onder the roof.' ' Well, we Bhall see/' tbe manager answered ; then turning to Luke he added :— ?' How long will it take to clear up this fall !' ' A couple of men will be able to do it in two or three shifts, I think.' ** Then if you have any men to spare to night set them on to ch'-araway the fall. You 1 eed not give the reason for its being doDe. Lead the men to think that the dirt is being removed in order that the old workings beyond msty be examined, and then, in ca«e Miss Leigh's suspicions prove to be unfounded, and nothing is found, there will be no talk about the matter. The lovers thanked Mr. Latham f -r his walk together to chat over the result of their interview with the manager, and ere they parted they decided that Mrs. Leigh should be taken into tht-ir confidence. lk-th Luke and Kate felt that the clearing away of tbe fallen roof would disclose something, and the narration of their experiences to Mrs. Leigh. would prepare her for anything that might So Kate weat homeward to relate to her mother the various chapters of the uiysterious story, the dosing part of which yet remained to be told ; and it need not be recorded tbat Mrs. Leigh was creatlj disturbed on hearing the strange things her daughter related. When night came Luke st&ndish; went to work, and actiug on tbe power Mr. Latham liad given him, lie selected two of the miners to commence the work of clearing up tbe falL Barry fcdvrards, two of the three who had been 1-Bt with him in the mine, and as eoon as he ha.i given the rest of the night-ebif 1 men j their orders he accompanied old Joe and Harry I to the old road. j 14 Wot are they cleenin this heer fa* up for, j j Luke ?' en. of the men asked as they (stripped I themselves for w.^rk. Luke had expects some euch que&tion;, and i beating in mind the manager's suggestion he at once replied : — ' ' Ah tltiuk it'* being cleared np so that the ! old workings further on can be examined. We want to know if there's anny gaa in 'em.' I This statement satisfied the miners, and after a few minutes' ch»t with them Luk* went away, promising to return tbat w»y in the morning in order to lead them out of the labyrinth. It was between fonr and five a.m. when the fireman returned to Joe 'Thomson and Harry Edwards, and he found tbat they had cleared away a considerable portion of the fallen roof. Wondering if they had either seen or found anything during the night, Luke exclaimed banteringly : — ?'Well, Joe, what nan yo' fo'nd? Some goold amang t* dirt ; or haply yo*n seen ? ghost or two ?' About half the dirt had been cleared sway. to scramble over the top into the road beyond. Luke saw this, and climbing up the dirt-heap, he slid down the other side, never dreaming of the startling discovery he ms about to make. On reaching the other side of the fallen roof Luke took a step or two along tbe low road, ? glauciog cat oal ty abont, and suddenly bis attention -was »1r*wa to something lying against the side of tbe road. He hastily stepped forward, bent low to examine the thing he eaw, and then a hoarse cry of terror left his lips and he dropptd on bis knees like one who was paralysed. Was be dreaming or mad ? There before bun lay the Hemblaticv of lits cketch— the figure or Kate Leigh's father— beard, face, clothes— everything — just as he had before But Luke was soon convinced that what he saw was no illusion due to either nnuipp^ or slumber. His cry of terror had itartied Thomson and Ed wards, and hurriedly scrambling over the roof-heap they ran to hn bide, to be appalled also by tbe bight of that which had eo terrified Luke, In a little time, when the three man recovered their voices, the younger man, Harry t-dwards, aaked in an acred whisper : — 'Who is he. Lake?' Tbe fireman remained silent, bnt Jog Thomson spoke, and his words set at rest far ever all Luke's doubts regarding the identity of that bilent, terrible form lying there before ' It's Jonathan Leigh !' Joe cried. 'Bar heaw has he getten heer ? Ah thowt he vent to Mericy teens o* heenrs sin* !** ' Yes,' Luke responded, in a stc≱ undertone, as if he were afraid to waken the sleeping figure, ' it is Jonathan Leigh, Kate Leigh's father. Yon knew him, Joe ?™ -* Ah did, Lnke ; *h knowed him veeL' Even as the men spoke the object of their speech seemed to be vanishing away. It warn the merebt shell — Bcarcely more tangible to to.- touch than a shadow ; preserved so long ? oniy by having been excluded from the mir ; and now, with the fresh atmosphere playing upon it, it began to lose each moment diatinctnegB of outline, and before they left the spot that which at first to them appeared » able heap of dry bones and mouldering rage. In one of die adj.-iuicg roads a piece of brattice — a kind of rough canvas used m minify for ventilating purposes— —was fomd. and in this the last remains of Jonathan Leigh were care lolly gathered and carried to the pit bottom. An hour afterwards the news -rf the . extraordinary discovery was being -1in niwil in every corner of the rni'^J and by noonday the news was all over AshfonL Along with the bones of the dead man had been brought from the mine such articles of his attire as had withstood the wear and tear of time. These articles were as follows : — An old cloth cap, with leathern ' neb,' or peak; a pair of clogs, such as miners wear is Lancashire ; a few shreds of clothing ; and. finally, a broad belt of leather, in no way damaged by either its loftg imprison raitnt or ghastly work of girding » dead man'e waist These things were carefully guarded by Lake, and on ascending the ehsft he placed them in Kate's possession after tellinc ber of the discovery. The intelligence upset the girl very much, and, at Mr. Latham's suggestion — the manager happened to be on the brow when tbe fireman came up the pit — ahe had a holiday. There is no occasion to dwell upon what followed. Mrs. Leigh, when the inquest was held a few days later, identified tbe cap, clogs, and belt as articles which her husband need to wear : and Joe Thomson testified to having recognised the remains as those of Jonathan Leigh before the air shattered the dead mhell to dust. 1 f course there was not tbe slightest evidence forthcoming &b; to how the deceased came by his fate It was generally supposed that he haJ yot lost in tbe old workings, and that the fail of roof bai imprisoned him, leaving him to die an awful lingering death. The verdict was one of death by mis adventure. At the inquiry nothing was said by either Kate or Luke of their spectral visitation*, dot was ihe rinding of tbe tobacco box bearing tfae des.d man*0 name mentioned. Any allusion to those matters might have aroused a curiosity which those concerned thoaght it better not to awaken. And so the inquest passed awtfy without anyone suspecting the extraordinary mfJ1Pfr in which the unfortunate Jonathan Leigh came to be discovered, and in doe conree his remains were interred in the Ashford Cemetery. The sad event brought to both Mrs. Leigh and her daughter not only the sorrow that might have been expected, but also a feeling of sad satisfaction. It was more pleapant for them to know that Jonathan Leigh had been the victim of mbfortune, than to think, as they nsed to do, that he was false to his man hood and his marriage vows, and a renegade to his wife and child. A day or two after the discovery behind the fall, Luke Standiab .e visited the plac,-, and whilst examining tbe old workings lying beyond he found so old Davy lamp which had evidently belonged to his sweetheart's father. He had occasion to visit the spot frequently during the time he acted as night fireman at the King Pit, bit never again did he see any thing of a spectral character. (To be continued.) 