SCATTERED LEAVES. From PEREGRINE PICK'S DIARY. A ROMANCE OF OLD BENDIGO. By ROBERT ROSS HAVERFIELD. CHAPTER VII. WHAT BEFELL THE RUNAWAY. Caspar was not hot-headed or impulsive, but he was extremely sensitive, and the wound he had received was too painful for his endurance. He was very far from being wanting in courage, but the dread of falling under the suspicion of his two friends was intense ; and as he could see no way of freeing himself from it, he left their tent with the determination of never returning, little reckoning what might become of him. He had walked a considerable distance in a state of great excitement, when he found himself plunging among scrub and fallen trees. And a fall or two and some smart scratches compelled him to think of what he was doing and whither he was going. He had no idea of where he was. The night was dark, and he was surrounded by great trees and thick brushwood, a good deal of which was of a prickly nature. Stumbling against a large log, he seated himself upon it and yielded himself to reflection. He had lost his way and he concluded that it would be better for him to remain where he was until the morning, as he might take a route which would lead him far away from the diggings, or one which possibly might take him back to the locality he had just left, or its neighborhood. Some anxious thoughts about the future intruded themselves among his ponderings, but he believed he would be able to obtain employment among the diggers, and he soon dismissed his fears on that point and dwelt with the feelings of deep regret on the unfortunate events of the past, which had thrown him into his present very painful position. He knew that his disappearance would cause Mat and Dan very great uneasiness and probably some trouble in searching for him. He knew from experience how great were the difficulties of searching for an individual amongst the multitude of men at that time crowding the flats and gullies of Bendigo. These thoughts led him to dream of his old father, and worn out at length by an anguish crushing his young intelligence, he fell asleep. The morning broke brightly amid the chirping of birds in the forest, the distant hum of human voices and numerous indications of the arousing of a large population to a day of labour. From those latter sounds Caspar became aware that he had strayed away to the eastward of the diggings. At that time the range dividing the valley of Bendigo from the valley known as Grassy Flat, was covered thickly with iron bark trees and dense underwood. The first thing that struck him on awakening was that he would be searched for and that if he descended to the diggings he might be found. He therefore resolved on crossing the range away from the diggings and on trusting to fortune to find the means of earning his livelihood. He found his way into Grassy Flat easily enough and followed it upwards. A solitary tent here and there on the slopes was passed by him, for although he was hungry, he felt reluctant to call at any of them. For the whole of that day he wandered about, now and then going to the top of the range on the Bendigo side and catching an occasional glimpse of the gleam of white tents in the distance. But still, though, he knew he must be far away from the White Hills, and could not make up his mind to leave the seclusion of the bush. The consequence was that he spent another lonely night, and in addition to his mental torture, he began to suffer severely from the cravings of hunger. On the following forenoon, still roaming about without any fixed purpose, he perceived a fire at a little distance ahead of him, but there was no sign of a tent or other human habitation. He approached it cautiously and found it to be a deserted camp fire which had evidently been left that morning. The remnants of a meal in the shape of bones and small pieces of meat lay scattered about the fire, and among these the crows and other birds were already busy. The crows seemed to resent his intrusion on the scene, for they flew only short distances away, perched themselves on the boughs of trees, and uttered sounds of apparent discontent and disappointment. The famished boy picked up the bones, gnawing off whatever little flesh remained upon them and cracking them with stones to suck out the marrow. But there was far from being enough to satisfy his hunger, and searching the ground with eager eyes in the hope of finding crumbs of bread or scraps of meat, he at last, to his delight, discovered a couple of good sized raw potatoes. These he roasted in the fire, but after all they supplied only an insufficient meal. Loath to leave the spot, and somewhat weary with walking, he lingered about it until nightfall. He made up the fire, a luxury he had not previously enjoyed during his wanderings, and as the night was chilly, he felt the benefit of its grateful glow, and that with the small quantity of food he had obtained, had a soothing effect upon him, and he slept more soundly than he had done since his departure from the White Hills. But he was awakened at the dawn of day by a ravenous feeling such as he had never experienced before. The water which he drank freely from a neighboring hole sickened him, and for some time he was oppressed by a faintness which made him stretch himself on the ground face downward in order to alleviate the deathlike sensation of nausea by which he was prostrated. It was some time before he recovered sufficiently to rise to his feet. Then he felt that he must make an effort to seek human aid, and he tottered on towards the diggings. But he had to lie down repeatedly, and although he had no great distance to travel, the sun was nearly setting when he arrived within sight of the tents on the Back Creek. He had not been used to hardships of this kind, for although suffering was not unknown to him, he had never before felt the effects of a prolonged fast. His unhappy state of mind of course contributed in a great measure to the weakness which was making him really unwell. A man standing outside his tent saw him approaching it, and noticed his haggard look and feeble gait. " Why, youngster," he said kindly "what ails you ? Been bitten by a snake or seen a ghost, or what ?" " I feel very ill, sir," replied Caspar ; " and if you will allow ine to lie down here outside your tent for a little while I should be very much obliged to you." " Lie down ! why, of course, boy ; only inside the tent would be best, I should say, for you really do look ill. Come along in here and lie down on my bunk. There, now make yourself as comfortable as you can, and I'll fetch you a cup of tea presently." He left the tent and returned in a few minutes with an elderly woman who was helping him to bring some tea and food. " You understand more about sickness than I do, Mrs. Vambers," he said ; " what do you think is the matter with the boy?" " He do look bad, sure enough," returned Mrs. Vambers. " Now, sonny, try and lift yourself up a bit and drink a drop of this tea. It's nice and warm, and it'll do you good." Caspar partook of the tea and the old lady sat beside him coaxing him to eat a little. After a little while he felt better, and was able to tell them how he had been wandering in the bush for three nights and days with only the one very scanty meal which he had taken from the crows. They forbore to question him very closely, and a shakedown having been made for him on one side of the tent, he gladly turned in and very soon fell into a sound sleep. People with good constitutions very soon get over the effects of such privations as Caspar had endured, and on the following morning, on awakening just as his host was dressing himself, he was able to inform him that he felt very much better and stronger, and extremely hungry. " That's all right, my lad," said the man, who was about thirty years of age, tall and good looking but for an ugly scar on his right cheek extending from the eye to the jaw. " We'll get some breakfast directly ; I have my meals over at Mrs. Vamber's tent, and she will be very glad to give you your breakfast, and to see you so much better." Mrs. Vambers had the morning meal ready when they made their appearance, and heartily bade Caspar welcome. Her husband, an elderly but stout and able looking man, was seated at the table, and a very pretty girl of between sixteen and seventeen years of age, who, as Caspar soon learned, was their daughter, was helping her mother in the breakfast preparations. They all evinced much interest in Caspar, who, during the meal, enlightened them on the main points of his history, telling them frankly why he had left his mates at the White Hills. When the breakfast was over he thanked them very sincerely for their kindness and was about to make his departure when Mrs Vambers asked him if he intended returning to White Hills. " For," said she, " I don't know but what he would be better to stop with us today, Mr, Garbison." " Perhaps he would, and he can if he likes, of course," returned Garbison. Caspar assured them that the last thing in the world he would think of would be to return to White Hills and that he intended to look for employment. " And what can you do ?" asked Garbison. " Well, I can sink and drive and do anything about a claim, and cook a meal in a rough way," replied Caspar. " Now I am a hatter," said Garbison, (Common word for a miner who worked alone) and I work alone by preference. Not that I am a hermit, or a niggard or anything of that sort, but because 1 don't know anyone that I should like to have as a mate, and I wouldn't take a strange man. But I wouldn't mind giving a youth like you a trial, although I must say I should like to know how you got to be acquainted with Darby Smith. I know something about that man. He is a great scoundrel, and how he has managed to get out of Pentridge is a puzzle to me. You say you are bound by an oath, not to tell anything about it. Well now, listen to me. You say you lost your father at Ballarat ; you didn't leave him intentionally and he never went away from home further than to his work : you were very fond of one another ; and you have been looking for him everywhere ; and you are sure he has been looking for you. Now if this is true, it is plain to my mind that you were taken away from him - and why ? The person or persons who took you, must have been robbing the tent when he or both of you were absent from it, and you must have surprised them. There must have been two of them to have forced you away without making any noise, and not more than two, because more of the ruffianly sort would not have agreed to take so much trouble with you, and would have made shorter work of it. I believe that Darby Smith was one of the two, that you were taken some distance away, and then, after being compelled to take an oath of secrecy, you were let go. When you got back to Ballarat, your father had gone in search of you, and after a while you fell in with the two men you call Dan and Mat. What do you say to that now ?" Caspar sat staring at him with wide open eyes in mute astonishment. " Ah, I see I have hit the right nail," said Garbison. " Well, I will give you a trial. I will take you on, on wages. What were you getting at the White Hills ?" " I was to have a share of the gold we found, but they were keeping it for me, and I came away without it." " Then you had better see about getting it." '' No, sir. I shall never ask them for it, although they would give it to me without a second question - that I am quite sure of." I am very sorry to leave them, but l can't bear to be thought a thief. It wasn't my fault that I got to know Darby Smith ; and I must say if he is a big rogue, he is not a bad hearted man." " I dare say not. So the other fellow treated you roughly, then ?" Caspar again remained silent. " I pretty well understand the whole thing now," said Garbison. " But I don't want you to break your oath and so you needn't answer if you don't like. Well, come along to my tent. I won't ask you to do any work today, and as to wages, I dare say we shan't disagree about that." Thus Caspar became established in a new home. After a few days, Garbison told him he was very well satisfied with him, and would keep him on as long as he chose to remain. " And now," he said, " that I have someone I can trust to leave in charge, I mean in visit some friends of mine on another part of the diggings, and I shall start tomorrow." He did not return for two days ; and after that he was frequently absent for longer or shorter periods. In the meantime, Caspar became a great favourite with the Vambers family, and as was only natural on the part of two young persons of about the same age, who were both good looking, a warm intimacy sprang up between him and Annie Vambers. At the end of a couple of months, Garbison intimated his intentions of going to Melbourne for a short time. " I have not paid you any wages yet, Caspar," he observed, " and it would never do for you to keep money or gold here. So we will go into Sandhurst this afternoon, when I will place the amount due to you in the hands of a gentleman with whom I have done business, and introduce you to him so that you can draw money as you may want it. I may be away a week, a fortnight, a month, I can't say ; but you will remain in charge of the tents and tools, and do what work you like. Any gold you may get during the time will be your own. One thing I want you particularly to remember. If the Vambers move from here, you must go with them, and write to me. I will leave you my address - and let me know where you are gone to. You can take the tent and tools, with you, and any expenses you may be put to I will repay. Now, you can tidy yourself up and we will go into the township." The money owing to Caspar was paid to the gentleman Garbison had spoken of, and all necessary arrangements with him having been made, the two walked round the township. Passing a neatly framed tent, which bore the sign.—D. Florny, Hairdresser, Garbison said, " I think my hair wants cutting, and yours is getting long, let's go in and get clipped. " Florny was a man of a dark olive complexion with black hair and beard and moustache, apparently a native of some country inhabited by a dark race ; a neat, dapper person of medium height and slight build, and as became one of his profession, very talkative, speaking very quickly and mincing his words as if cutting his sentences to pieces with his scissors. " Cut your hair, sir ? yes sir. Take a seat sir. Fine day, sir." And he gabbled on until he had sufficiently shorn Garbison, who on looking at himself in the glass, expressed himself much satisfied. " Now," he said, " just make as good a job of my young friend's head, and Caspar, I want to run round to a store in Auction street, so wait here until I come back. " Been digging, young sir ? Pretty good luck, sir ?" Florny asked Caspar. " Pretty fair," replied Caspar. " Come from the White Hills, young sir ?" " What makes you think so ?" asked Caspar, a little startled. " Saw you coming, young sir." "You must have good eyes, then," returned Caspar. " Splendid eyes, young sir, very powerful eyesight sir, yes, sir. Now, I can see through your shirt and singlet, many would hardly believe it, no sir, but it is a fact - you have had a sharp scratch from a knife across your ribs, just here," and he placed his hand on his chest. " It has let a very plain scar, young sir." Caspar started and looked round at the man, who laughed, and changing his manner and mode of speech entirely, he asked. " So you don't know me, Caspar ?" " Mercy on us," cried Caspar, yes, I do now you speak in your own voice - you are Darby Smith." " Hit it Caspar, I'm pretty well disguised, eh ?" " Wonderful - how did you manage to stain your face in that way ' ' " A secret of my own my boy. I was brought up in the hairdressing and perfumery line, and know a little about dyes. You are astonished to find me here. Some time after I met you and Dan, I fell in with an old mate who was flush of money, and he obliged me with a trifle, enough to start up in business as you can see. It's better than running about the country like a hunted wild dog, and the traps will never suspect I would have the cheek to settle myself here. I feel myself safe although there is some risk ; but that I must run anywhere." " I wish you hadn't told me," said Caspar. " Why ? You wouldn't split on me, would you ?" " Oh, no fear of that. I don't forget that you saved my life ; but I'd rather not have it on my mind." " Well now, I thought you'd be glad to see me. I don't want to make any brag of it, but I did save your life. If I hadn't caught Ben's hand in time, you would have had his knife into your heart instead of across your ribs, so I think you won't do anything to trip me up. I hear your friend coming, I think. Come and see me now and again Caspar." Garbison now entered. " Caspar," he said, " I find I must remain in town an hour or two, so perhaps you can go home and say I'll be back to tea." When Caspar was gone, he took a seat so as to face the barber. " Well, Mr. Darby Smith," he said quietly. " You have coloured your face well, and that wig and beard are uncommonly well fixed on. Quite natural indeed. But it takes a good deal of colouring and patching to deceive me, though I must say I didn't know you at first. Don't you think it's rather foolhardy to come here right under the nose of the police ?" " Don't know what you mean, sir, no sir. My name is not Smith, my face is not coloured ; my parents, sir, were natives of Peru, sir. I was brought to England when I was very young sir, and was brought up in Liverpool sir, yes sir. I have only been about four months in this country, sir. You're making a mistake sir, yes sir." " Rubbish, man, rubbish. I had an opportunity of taking a mental picture of your form and phiz when you did Her Majesty the honour of putting on her broad arrow uniform a few months ago in Melbourne gaol, and it was understood you were to wear it for five years. So you are illegally at large." " Never heard such a thing in my life, sir, I declare sir. Never Was in Melbourne gaol or any other gaol, sir, no sir." " You needn't be alarmed, Darby, at my spotting you for I have no intention of potting you - there's nothing to be gained by it, and, besides, you are just the sort of man I want. I'm on the lookout for a precious sight worse fellow than you are, bad as you may be ; and I think you can help me - anyhow you must try. He's a fellow about five feet nine, with dark brown hair, and a full beard of the same color, limps a little in his walk, and has a habit of swaying himself to and fro when he is talking to you." " Is it Ben Royd ?" asked Smith in his natural voice. " That's about his description." " That is not the name in the warrant; but there is no saying what name he might, take. What about this Ben Royd ? Where is he to be found ?" " That's more than I can tell. I've been looking for him, and praying I might not find him, for fear the devil should tempt me to throttle him." '' But he must not be throttled, Master Florny - we must stick to that name by the bye, it'll suit the purposes of both of us. He must not be throttled if he is the man I want, for his living body would be worth a good deal of money to me, and I should get nothing for his dead carcase." " If it's him I'll do my best to find him, and I hope it's a hanging matter. When did he do what you want him for ? " Some time after you were run in, and about the same time he got married." " Married, eh?" " Yes, to a very pretty girl, quite young, and one that you would take to be a regular simple minded, honest thing, but as artful a piece of goods as ever you met with. She lived with a wealthy lady for a long time, who trusted her as if she had been one of her own blood, but when she left, the lady found that she had robbed her right and left." " It's her you want then, not him ?" inquired Florny. " No, it's not her. There's not sufficient evidence against her. The lady is unwilling to prosecute, anyhow, and there is nothing hanging on it." " You think your man is on these diggings do you, Mr. __ ?" '' Garbison is my name. Yes, he has been seen twice lately in Sandhurst, but the man I have assisting me let him give him the slip both times. He's a smart fellow too, is Brummy, but he wants a mate to help him, and that is why I thought of employing you. I will tell Brummy to come to you and you can consult with him. Mind, I have the pull of you and can lay you by the heels in a twinkling, so do the best you can. Brummy will let me know if you find out anything. You won't see me again for a little while, for I am wanted in Melbourne, I don't know for how long." " You are a detective of course ?" " Right you are Florny. Do your work well, and I'll promise you, you shall be a gainer by it." To Be Continued. 