NOTANDA. I oTICm in your last istoue thalt a .rsorict newospaper, the Tomut Indopondent, haes gi op tho ghost, contributoro to whom had boon de thle onerous task of keeping the thing aio egt tired of maolting good ot of their own pulkSto al losses thaot wore sustainod. One of the funny things aboot ou lol journols is their nomenclature. Loet it bo int0ndi tist a paper shall be entirely dopondent-a thoed Tumuto oracle wao-upon tho alms of a fo .. lb. may withdraw at any time, and stralightwan t assumes the name of "the Independent, iet another bhe heIopt in eoiotence aso thio organ of m porticular section of the community and bo buoa to tlio dirctions accordingly, and it assum'o h title of " the Free Press." Surely it would bn m r oppropriato to call them "the Bond Press" ao "the Abject Dependent." r, A trip round Tsmaonia ina yacht was lad undertlakeon by three Victorian barristlers, and twlol hbom are furnishing the Argus with a humowoes ccount of their adventures. They thus speko their own profession:-o From a lon porsoonal eopeurienc me an roesn able to nsin, ourselves that Iwereareo w0 orseo than many other lOplr p1 osi snd- booomore, oraudulent ban-eliorks mnrdbrers, ml? bhor co hes OMajesty's oppositio. .Morooeornr therO 0ere et00. considortions obhieh modo too hnsorpritss p ec leso sriloub t ois than it did to our iriendo. Esen it barrister odle, I biskno iss oo hFa psinoed, eliot 'sngos Boudies rothor the, othbrswise. In theseo eiroeum5 no5 0e o ,5nOe l inte co sero not born to bs dosronso , butno resO'?? teielf inr? eomo fsr worse Sote, shics, migh isemrvoes a5 5 ring o 0ts worlod in general, ned pOrtieuirlOy to yousg men reading s 2 thl bor. Fromo hio poisttos vien, though so might mo terodi Provridence, wo mtoiho with eoniloenoo rely upon the pO'hojsos anothsr loily but poweerul olly, 'ith shom Iss05r? , gooenlly sopposed to heop ne0, luto"ito and promstahl?orios•5 A cutting appeared in the columns of the Herald a few days ago entitled a "northern view of restric. tion." It gave exceedingly intemperate and eelish views directed againost the southern towns of Queens. land. Anyone acquainted with the northern colony must haveo wondered that any notice was tobakes ol writer who declared that the north of Queenlshn would be benefited if the southern portion wereeoak beneath its waves. Spite, not patriotiem, evidenlly controlled the ideas of this writer; and that baie the case, of what value is his opinion on oither ire. trade or restrilction ? Ipswichl is one of the southern Queeoonsland towns, which this Croydon writer regards with particolar aversion. It is situated about twenty-fivemileawsalot the capital, and is very advantageously placed as a manufacturing centre, It possesses abundanceof coal, iron ore, and limestone, and is connected with the sea by rail and water. As an agricultural coentre it is very favourably placed, nod wool and cotton may be produced in any quantity. About eight year ango the inhabitants promoted a company for the macu. facture of tweeds and hblankets, &c.; it was floated, nmachinery was imported, and workr was soon com. mencod. iFor four or five years the company paid no dividend; their goods were first-claess, but ths importing merchants and retail houses would not try to sell them. The shoddy of the old counetry factories was a more profitable article of trade than the pure woollen fabrics of the Ipswich mills. Buto, nothing daunoted, the directors opoued retalnilehop[aor the sale of their own goods in all the larger-siztd Qunonelnnd towns. The result wans aatisfanetury; thbs company commenced by paying tean per cent. diei. dends, and has since flourished in spite of freetlrade. The real leader of the present Queensland governa. ment is Sir Thomas toIlwraith ; he calls himseli a nationalist, nod is a restrictionist. The leader o[ the opposition is the astute and scholarly lawyer Sir Samuel Griffith; he is a native, no ardent patriot, and a restrictionist; he is moreover the great opposer of black labour, anrd has thus incurred the hatredol the would-be sloaveholders--the northern planters. New South Wales is a free country. A 'riediel quack possessing the requisite amount of brass may announce himself as a healer of all manner of diseases, and may fatten on the credulity of poor suffering humanity without let or molestation. A gang of bookmakers may demoralise our popolation, male and female, by enticing advertieoments of consultations, toc., and oar legislature takes no notice; but tohese doings are not allowed over the border. The Sydney dailies contain advertisements offering to tell fortunes, to read the hand, to praelise necromancy, and other superstitious performanscea; but some check is put oh these things inVicetoria. The postmaster-general in that colony reluses to deliver letters addressed to such undesirable ce. tomeors. How is it that our rich and prospereas country does not study internal management 1 Lcal government, that has bedn of such benefit ih the colonies north and south of us, is onknown in lb same sense amongst ourselves ? As Ir. Gf. H. lasid stated in the mechanioes' institute, we are barbariaos in such matters compared with our brothers in Victoria. Wa allow people to do as they ploase; shops remain open as long as they likea; owners of factories employ bchildren of tender age; and thbey will cootinoue to do so unless the press and people of the country demand better management at the hand of the parliament. Onoof our Goulborn citizous who has aonsumod the garb of restriction was thie other day dilatiog upon the wondrous progress made by Victoria under a policy of putting comumerce in fetters, of course ignoring thbo fact that she was still more prosperosi before thoseo fetters were forged. Standing by was a Victorian colonist. One of lhs audioecs said "Mr. \-- , bohere isa gentleman from Victoria, whoIdare say will confirm your statements." Profuse hand. sholaking followed, Then said the restrictioniet-"I am sure we bshall have your assistance." "Well o'l was the reply. " Three yearn ago I wont from here to Victoria, a restrictionist; but three months' lime in that colony made me a freolrader." Oer Melbourne neighbours are being mtch exercised in their minds over the failure of the large contracting tirm of David hMunro and Co, This was formed into a limited companey abot fiteen monthls ago; aund at the end el their first half-year tie earehloldere woro cougratulated in a directory report on the fact that their positioe was "uniquo"-that they were worth 23/. for every pound they had subscribed. Now we learn that their posieetion is that they are worth at most 6/8 in tihe pound I Thin is not uniqueo, for unfortunately msny othor ompanies are in a similar position, The paid-up oapitnul of Munro's company eas £300,000, so that £200,000 has gone as well as £47,000.sanidlo have been made as profit during the first hall-year, However tihe sleareholdera seem to be taking matllerl rather qsietly, notwithstanding throats from some of their number. The Argus remarks of the Munro business:- 'The meo iers elaerl is a pactioncal t ensimeot st ridtn ee ondareth ollthinas. us hnopeth otllt hlie, lie elicrVl ollthinels. ee thiniitoi soi--or er, at lenat aun ai Jliamnei luo, he ineeps hie thosghl to hiasen reith a visew b dr ae thie busineo as lit s nposesibt e . o Ytcrde l theoholen re were foeored with "-peia el rpertr" And "0 tailed lists" sehoinn tha lt htoe proe noud esoe, le tro hnl Cin,1tef hed been eid on tho veauationli, nrn aerth oe £9J,77.1 or 7,78t less t ten he mo'ey lnre . ni "highy profitale ontcts," ee thoe m uin set for thie rgod 0.i000, aroeeot oarth isuolvioae loswot n0,le0. o .n e Teho valuntions wesr srcessiet from the toart tie er, bes iwere r iu Sh to the o tect of oter £aO eOiO s i oithnrs birl . thint shres wree iouglt an sod n or ora oflse basis, sola eompantes, it aptears, rmny mean largeo linbfliaies for tin"rn holders, end no respunsiblinty the anba emn sennC. inre o ty n ueoslisn fars e barrieteo ,he eAs weanis ehairere etneedl Shut ninooch h e ras rtlO n ienray elaeinsfern the sortena Otne company rniteed ihi frma certwin e iat iini~ Send tSie ommittta e iuoes iatnoe eeto enpptialaurrona ,s d1 priaibly hvn oaeeertianced whether any other peepleeereerhrr efiobllgntione. Them is n suspicionthathcomupta e am soarlno/ ifoasl to traoeler thi load Ierm s i ho rdiodt, nshn" deal, to stnroholders ohso ".now versylltlie. e a Theopini enled bhe argeley tnmptc C to lm'enet ie this enterprise 4l ti sendor's gurntooeet o0 per cont. dividedn for oiee years, ret attrontie ons lc rannstcus are tihe opoeeoeta ot thel Ito ,n wr en.. hobysnhone they mr-y .ees..o ehum.. Tin sender drOotrd Sen00 nhares to meet this obligation; bht heen one geont'50 tnoko nOl haleg llcned Up senre at ed. cottl ttineo rn.i' tlnisuessst wOO trrntedlrs oarthless, no oea ealennim g tlntand' tred but rissiog 0 uper cmat. The prertleo hero hinebrnt thi coanpytoy pay Sie veedor for tine goodwill in stno , e ' for the vendor to deposit these to euareenteo a dinidned.Iao' business does pee, nhe gusrautes r noedtesse; ard ti ,t det eet, tho security is eeirta t nod yet Cids simplopmsisloahree It is to ebee.le , hosoed many nfis. I don't Imow how or why the unfortoulas Jepuae? have incurred the wrath of the gods; butit reOetm that thl Mikado is nelt year going to On'it? them with rapresentative govnrnment. An eninef, clauree we find that ho prnnpoees to reserve from the mtosrferoeco of lhb chambers the right to ulter the consuttuion; alno to keep to himnole the right ef etopping froedom of spnech nod writieg on ecas e. emergensy ; and farther to give the chombers bhatter powors to onforce order thn wo hwe, la as tbtnsirus b a "diecipline committee" on nhoso advice obnt--.? tinescan bo pormaucntly suspended. I eupposo lhi commettna would mroke short work of any local Juan ~IdeElbonos nod D~au il uehannus. Jest wangled Sittflr uf themu feting oubject le re diioniptlin " 