SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM ENGLAND. The Loudon correspondent of the Argus' writes : — The headquarters of the British army made a . gallant show on Queen's Birthday morning at the ancient and picturesque ceremony of " the ' trooping of the colour." It was a tropical tnorn- Mng, and many a fair one swooned in the rushiug and crushing of the vast concourse of "pri- fileeed" ticket-holders, who swarmed on the . Horse Guards' parade. It was Dot destined to be.tbe only scene of confusion which took p'ace on the same spot during the same day. In the afternoon, Captain Shaw, of the tire brigade, and Colonel Howard Vincent, M.P., of the London Connty .Council, had arranged a very . neat little ceremony by which they were both to find favour in the eyes of the Prince of Wales, his wife, and children. The Princess was to distribute prizes for bravery to the firemen, and then the brave array of engines was to march past the Royal party atgalloping pace. Cufor- ,tnnately, Colonel Howard Vincent bad over estimated his' powers as a military commander. He appears to have contemplated, or, at all events, to have given the police authorities to ' understand that he contemplated, keeping the crowd in order by means of his own volunteer 'battalion,- the Queen's .Westminsters looked whentbey arrived on the ground for this purpose. Unfortunately; -however.the crowd, was there before th em,, and it was 60,000 strong to their 600\. There would have been no earthly pos sibility of clearing the gronnd except by volleys of musketry. There was nothing to be done but to eland helplessly' looking ou whilst the Royal carriage drove straight into dense masses of humanity. Happily there was no ill-will in the crowd to the Royal party, but the ceremony ' was a fiasco. It is not certainly known to any but the . Royal party themBelves whether the cere- '.mbny. of giving the rewards took place or not. ' A.' little 'later the gallop-past was accomplished -somehow, the Royal. party having succeeded in reaching and entering the Horse Guards' build. ing.j vBut Colonel' Howard Vincent, was a sight for gods and "men to' pity.. So far from giving his. Royal patrons a pleasant diversion, lie bad nothing but their good nature, to trust to lot Tforgiveness,-an(l the attitude of his friend towards Tiim'ranged''fr6iri effusive- indignation to good- humoured pity. . . The two Occurrences above were divided from one another -in-prst of time by a great and ' glorious sight in Hyde-park— tho first meeting .. .of the Four-in-hand Club. The coaches, as is their wont, .paraded at the top of the Serpentine rLake of river— the place is called the Powder , Magazine— and, driving along the water to i Apsley-house and Hydepark corner, doubled : round along "the drive," which skirts the fatno'us" ride '' of Rotten Row, and then made ' their way £6 Hurlingham at Fulham, where there was polo," or to Richmond, where there is a river called the Thames. ' ;'! ' So much of their way as, lay throughthe Park to Hyde-park, corner was on Saturday lined by . one, hundred thousand pedestrians,. seven or ..eight thousand equestrians— the latter drawn up with the precision and repose of a cavalry divi sion — ana-, some thousands of densely-packed open carriages. The day was glorious. The veget'afioh fully developed, but'in its'first fresh ness, arid intensely' green-- ' It' wns a sight to \- make glad the heart— so. much beauty, such ' wealth, such spirits — such good breeding. Al- most every other person on the grass, on liorsc- ' back,, or in, a carriage was' a' person to whom, one ' .cpiildj put a name, and of whose achievements or '.surroundings something could be said. As to (.tho - coaches , themselves, they were untbing ..wonderful. ,The "Four-in- hand" is the snmrt T club.of ourtwodragclubs; but the ."Coaching ' Club," which is that of those w ho are hopelessly middle-class, or are, socially speaking, " on tho make," can show a better turn out of nags and coaches/ Indeed, as to tho " Four-in-haud," ; rhp wonder. is how some of its mombers, With ; modest incomes or huge families— such as Lord , (Clmrlea. .Boresford or Lord Londesborough — think, it justifiable to keep drags at all. But in r an old and aristocratic family a four-iu-liand is ' like'sn ancestral ghost — the scions of the houBe \- cling to it longer than to anything else. It is t curious to observe : the difference of bearing among the owners in the two clubs. A member of 'the' "'Four-in-hand "'always " takes himself cfor granted," even, when driving the dingiest of coaches and the;wretchedest of sorews, and lunkB every, inch, a swell. A member, of tho Coaching Club— howevor uifexceptionable his .turn-out and horseflesh — feels and looks not . the real thing,; and he knows that'his sentiments uu the subject' are shared' by the crowd. 1 ' On Monday there wasaStateballatthcPalace, as' alwaye, without the! host esB; where there were .more beapties thiui usual and fewer/rumps, and' von Wednesday; there;' was a drawiiigroorii where! there moro'fruiiips'ahd fewer beauties. I do not know if in. ;Ale)boui;ne::you, i lmvo daylight " drawingrooins," with their dreary accompani ment of druwingronm teas," whore, threo. or four fag|jec';Jiaggaril,; ohd too tightly-laced ' women exhibit 'themselves in an unbecouiing'light to the: gazo pf ,a niisollnneo'us compari'yp'iiicluding geii-i ! erally a number ,.of. poor relations, who relievo' ! their feeling by jarring and cutting romnrks oil. , their hostess and her surroundings. At a tea of, nthis kind which! attended the'lady of tho house! varied the usual routino by falling down in -a: dead faint: '. She was a fine fleBliy woman, and; liad had hersolf laoed to a wiiist of 20in.siiice 9, in tmpiiig.,. Nature rebelled at 5. 30. - ; \- it'——' li ' 111 ' 