There is something reiy expressive in the Parisian shrug, which nccompanies the ' Je ne sais pas,' or 'the blank look on John Chinaman's face as ho says 'No savee.' In both we can detect the assumption of a non committal atti tude, an endeavor to throw any Manic, if bl.me there be, upon the questioner, which invariably leaves the. .latter with a sort of feeling that he had no business to 'nay anything, and that he] shoa'd enrse' the stupidity which has bronght that look, of mingled pain, astonishment, and expostulation, upon the face of tjje man befdre him. . That shrug, that look, have both bren adopted and assumed by the ? Town-viile Separa'ion- Cj!ounci!. A\Tien it received the letter recently *ent from the Mackay branch,] to the effect that if tho Council did nat call - Convaniion the local branch (woul ', without further reference to Townsville, it did not bluster anil protest Such a couise would hays bepn ohvi.iusly absurd. It did what ,th« PrptjicJjipnQ does. It shrugged its shoulders, mar? mured plaintively ' Je ne saisj pas,' and'.postponed Bfltip'u. Thankful Wil mott, the president, wonL 90 f-ir as to say he wjuld be glad to assist jsr $ ) operate with the Mackisy League in fo- warding the movement, but there he stopped. It wan a comuanplapp i^mark I that required action of a vigorous natters to make it of any value. That action was not fortbpoming. Mr. Gojdring assumed the 'T11 quoque Brute' atti tude, and did not like the way ifaclfuy appeared to rf fleet on tho Tdwnsville Council. Appeared, forsooth i . ] The Mackty Separatlonutp, sick of inactivity and unable to gilvanise tho Townavilla Council into life, deliberately and vistlv offered to do the work themselvesj an-l, to bring matters to a brad, ipokej th- ir minds plainly to head quarters'. jTlioy did reflect on the Council ; there hois no appearing about it. That the reflection was well-merited Deeds no demonstration ; it has, alas, too long b?en patent -to us all. The Council may shrug it* shoulder* and try to make the local coramitlaa feel that it has trod on forbidden -ground, that it has desecrated the holy of holies in some impalpable, but seripus manner,' but we are not afraid that: the position taken op will be go reidily n'-omlonnd as the. inert councillors of Townsville wish. . To-moriow tho Council will meat and finally decide what to do willi this bombahell:ihat we have thrown into thu'r camn. Their su priae was too greaf, or' their energy too Binall. to enable them to deal with it right away. Had] the Council been a live body it would have taken the hull by the horns and ralli'd a conventions of its own t\eu will, but instead of adopting this course,- it j has delayed for a wrek in ordm U) think over a scheme for preventing |U)e energetic Mackayites from assuming the lead in the agitation. . ff the Council wonld' only do something Macknv is willing-enough to take a «'Cond place. We aro all well awaro that the block labor ghost still haunts tho miners and it Is only making the spooiro douMy hideous when Mackay bccomng vory pro minent.' Ilutevnn to pro|'itioto..Cliirtrrn ToWeis tlip agitation uiil-ttt u--t j lie allowed to Mditt out completely audi it certainly will do in, unless somn town takes up the work of -(i*u««ilatton. Toirnsvilln will not, und none otlinr] of th» Northern towns comes forward, opn sequently Mnckay is loft slandirig; nlonn and in front. L»t Townsville niakcjuo mistake.- If site nr any other town will lead, Maokny will follow, hut if tli'Mo] is no leader forthcoming Maokay will n t let the agitation drop without an oflort on her pfirt to sustain it. Tho chief town of MiotNor-h is rtiihor too fond :of parading tha fa'ct that it has'oontrihtilad largely to tha funds of the Separation L»ague, but while not wishing to dis parage its good work, we would remind it that Maokay, in proportion, lias done far inoifl towards finding money. It should be rememlx'rud that Ilia pcoplo of this district $uvo worked bard and J ' ?? '. ' i. steadily towardB the attaining of tl-e , desired goal, and we are confeeqdpntly 'entitled to some coaaideration; ' Since the late general election Mnckay and Hughenden have been the only really active workers, and it ib to the former chiefly that the little life left in the movement is dne. Tbe loctl committee, have met again and again; Liberals have strengthened th ' ranks, and gener ally the agitation has 1 een kept alive. Thus far all went wel1, and it whs not until an nttempt was mnde to start the ball rolling throughout the N-rih that the Townsville Council, when it Ahoald have been an- assist ance, proved - nothing but a drag on local effort*. -The AlackayiUs wrote and teleg'-aphed, telegraphed and wrote, bat the Townsvillians gave no satisfnctRm and often enough no replies at all. mTne local' league was ' faat| be - coiqfttf\n Abject of ridicule and spme thing^^to^e done. The thankH they receive fire ntL the opposition from the Queen city of the North has b^en tnadu very apparent. If tho present nttouipt -to get a convention together fails, Mnc kay can take a back seat with a cl-ar conscience and, unless wo are much mis* taken,- Reparation will take a back seat too. . ' Dubi^o the past few days Inspector Isley, of Townsville, has been in {Mackay, 'and has, we understand, been making Inquirlea into the recent complaints about certain members of the local force. i . - The earnings of. the local raQway fos. the week ending the 9th Inst., .amounted to £49 5s, 9d., or a decrease 1 of. £34 12s. Id., as i compared with the corresponding period of last year. The B.I.3.N .Co. 'a s.s. Pornnda lcft Thursday Island- yesterday for Brisbane. She has for this port 10 sing'e men, and 2 single women! and will probably be off Flat* i Top about Saturday,- ' Mb, ABmua StkfiiiuU' Surgeon J)entist, (for the U^t elMk ye^raJRth^Iri D. R, Eden, Brisbane) h»- |^^To praotlc-s of Mr. E. F. HughQv^ynmreeirMaryborough. and will visit Maafta^abo^ the'.20th instant. First class Dentistry In all Its branches. — [Advt.] The Royal Commission, appointed . .to ? en - quire into the state of the sugar industry, is p^pected here to-day. The Conimissione^s, -Messrs. Grow), and Kiniz,. will com menc^h^frin^t4ijj|tAop at once. . r TH^ffa^on^k^b^®rama!lc . Company played on SatunUV and last night to good houses, and were wA received. On Saturr day 'Tho Mystery of a Hansom CaV wa» produced,, and last nigbt ' Mr, .Barnes of | New York.' The Company ? leaves lor the South to.day. * The extraordinary vacancy' In the.Munlcl' pal Council, caused by the resignation of . Mr. J. Ellis, is likely so : give rise to a close and interesting contest. For the honor, two vjentionedi tfp®c of M. J. F.«y. and Joth well-known locally. Wo haw\seeiri»reqijiei^jqR9. to both, and each appears u- have reoeived a f-iu promise of support. ? Messrs. Dtwbarn and Gavl'i have received instruc'lqQi (s^yg £he to sell by auction tho whole of the ycppo0& Sggap! Qompany's property, including pl*nt, macibineFy, & n ? itj one lot. With reference to the above, ,we tuay #t^te that the balunce-ahcet, ending January, 1888, 9Q£y.e£ an increase of 110 acres of uew land under cultCvaU0j);. at a cos pf nearly £3,000. For the last three^sad ther« hw &e;^n about 300 aores~put cultivation, at % eggt ,of §10,000/ and.witti fi^e exception of £4,700, the am-*URfc e*peq(Je4? ij* stated, was oltained from th* procoeds of th« fcropj, Jherc are 80 kanaka? on the estate, whoso time doot jjpt expire until October^ 1890\. The reason assigsed by £fre company for suspending its operations, was ewfag fa theeoncern having been initiated with, too limited « £9pital, and Iiaving to borrow largely ac a high rate of inter?# £he »ale will take place on tho 21st February. - At a meeting of the general Committee ef the St* PatrickVDay Athletic Sports, which wae held oo the 1 1th imt, It was de cided to hold the sports tbi* year' on March 18th on the Racecourse. The fol owing jyere tleoted 0*1 the Execu'ivc Committer to carry out all tbe necessary arrangements. Presi dent, P. M, Hyoes ; Vice-Presidents, M. Barron and J. Comerford ( Tr«wure% P. Dufficy ; Hon. Seorota y, J. Duffy i Com mittee members, P. McKeuny, J. O'Brien,' R. Healy, J. MoDovit, J. Lyuch, Mr. Fa'rclly aa4 J. J. Ward. A considerab'o amount of subeaHpUoot were handed In and it was Re solved to allot (£$Q) th^Fpy pounds as prl^ money for the Hibernlaa Jfa^dicap,. to be run on similar conditions to last year. It was also decided tliat substantial p bet be gjveo for the An.i'rtliat) Hmdicap (440 yards) and Itfcovto for the H*n 'icap Hurd'e Race. Full info rnalioa 04 ipgarda tho nominations, acceptances etc. for Ihow orejjt# will l-e published in the next I»sue'of tho MftROURT. The programme, in whloh are several ereo'JV of an amusing and attractive character, will appear a( ap P/jrly date. The committee desorvo commendaUou (vj flip energy they have displayed, and wo ftrlah tho ?ports evory sucoess, Ykhtkhday morning Mr, Muggloton-br-ught Into townsomeB'oap obtained atOrasstrue Uilf-, One spfojmen was a good looMmr ia^ruifliimiB ij'a'ti, showing specs of gold thytigh-ho stono. Tho other spuoimens oliidvjhowW gold. This should glvo un ijiip' -cm to tiio prospootors |n that neighborhood, - We wmtlil not, hotv/sver, advln/i penpla to runh thuru until a well defined ruof is ahou n to ex'at. At Alligator Creek the proiipuotura ard very singulne of uliUlnlng nqn.ethjn.-, Pine Valo Is at proaent qutoaount tiwnfllug tho results to bo ohtduod from tho stouo u'roady lent homo. Thero' Is no doubt that the dfstrtat near Mlrunl oontnln» very lurgo deponits of -uljunt)'» which only rmpilre oipltil to tlevelo|-o tli^m. Th' Kun^ulla Prospecting Company la o stare r^ul worlf |i- a ftiw ilayi, as the provUUiimt dirrotora couj ?Ider enough aharoa havo boon uken up to {Koceed with. In oonneotlon with (he last, it would bo u good thing for tho variant loual budloN to offur a sum oi inonry for the dla* oovsry of tho beat proatfcablo ro»i| /or jmuk horaoii, The special meeting of the Municipal Council for the purpose of electiog tho Mayor for the current year took place 0 a Sa'nr.lay last at noon* Present i Aldrrmon A. Mcln tyre, E. Da vies, W. Robertson, W. G. Hodzcs, W. J. 5y™o- Hynes, G. Dim mock,;andH. B. Black-. The Town Clerk, Mr. C. Davie, occupied the chair, and stated that tbe opinion of the Town Solicitor waa that this day was the one p ovided by the Actonwhich the election of Mayor should take place, and rrqnestcd .that the Aldermen present woold proceed . to the election of Mayor. Alderman Dinimock, seconded by Aldermtn Hynes, proposed: 'That Alder man W. J. Byrne be elected.' Mayor.' Aiders j man'1.'.* Mclntyre, seconded . by Alder, man.';; Davies, moved:, **Th«k Aldeiman! W. iRobertson be elected Mayr-rJ* Alderinan Hodges moved That the ejec tion of Mayor be- postponed until after the election.' This, finding no seconder, lapsed. The Town Clerk put the. original amendment and the motion, and a division being taken, four glands were held up for each candidate. Ald^jjran Hodges said that he nnderstood that j' ope o^.cbeT*-ldenie-- present ' had his resigJBjon\n*\pv pocket ready to present immedlately^«It^th^ elation of th') Mayor, and he wan determined thaV the election of Mayor should not t^e»place until after the vacancy for the South Ward had been fi led, «ed therefore moved : ' That the election of Mayor be postponed until after the election .in tW' South Ward.' Alderman Mclntyre seconded the motion which was put and carried. On tbe motion of- Alderman Dim mock It was decided that Alderman. Mclntyre 'continue to act as Returning Officer dnring the forthcoming . ePec'ion. The. meeting -then terminated. 