The New Drill-Book. o [From The Overland Mail-1 The long-expected new Drill-book was issued from Whitehall on Jan. 1, uDderthe new title 'Infantry Drill, 1889.' It is composed in the maiu of twopaits, entitled severally ' Drill ' and ' Manoeuvre,' which however, theugh held together by the binding of the volume, have scarcely any other connection. There is also a third part with the characteristic title ' Miscel laneous.' The ' Drill ' now published is the old Drill-book which has come down from Pen insular days, with all that relates to ex tended order admitted. It will be remem beied that about a year ago a number of useless evolutions were cancelled by a general order. The old drill now appears in the simplified form now produced, and has been subjected to a pretty close revi sion, following in the main the suggestions made in these columns in 18G6. The diffi cult evolutions that used to complicate com pany drill are practically gone. Right about and lef t-about form have disappeared and of right and left form only the ghosts remain, for they are to be used only at ceremonies. They disappear entirely from the Volunteer service. The countermarch is also gone. In the diagonal march the improved definition of the Fren2h Drill book has been adopted. The subalterns have been made half-companycommanders, and the duties of guides have been given to non-commisBioned officers. The revision goes even further, for the wheel in line is entirely eliminated from the company drill except in marching past. As it now stands, there is nothing in company drill which cannot be mastered with absolute precision by any Volunteer company. There is, in deed, a superfluous element in the shape of the ceremonies of taken open order and marching past ; but these movements are only intended for inspection, and for that occasion only prudent Volunteer command ing officers will no doubt henceforth reserve them. From battalion drill many of the most complicated movements have been elimin ated. Short echelon and battalion squares remain ; the rest of battalion drill is com posed mainly of the transitions between the several formations of linp, fours, snd column. Changes of front in line present no difficulty, the one evolution renuirinp practice being the wheel in quarter-column, of which an amended description is given. Brigade drill has been similarly modified, and there is the traditional section devoted to the drill of divisions or larger bodies. Tho judgment formed upon the battalion and brigade drill depends entirely upon the use to which it is intended to be put. It has a conceivable use. The large masses of troops that are concentrated before a battle out of reach of the enemy's shells are neces sarily assembled in close formations, and, whure the ground allows, can most easily in such formations be distributed in the places from which to begin their respective for ward movements. On occasions like these it is desirable that a coaimander should be able without trouble to cause his brigades, which would arrive in fours, to form into quarter-columns. The masses might be come lines of quarter columns ; these lines might be required to change front, and pos sibly also to deploy. Especially in the one of second and third lines would it be advantageous to have the troops able to go through a minimum num ber of such evolutions. For this purpose, then, it is desirable to have a known and authorised mode of performing these move ments. But they are not evolutions of the battlefield, and do not require to be con stantly practised. If the companies are thoroughly disciplined and trained, every one of these movements can be dona with out previous practice — not, perhaps, with the accuracy required for close-order move ments executed, as was the case fifty yeara ago, under fire, but quite well enough to avoid confusion, Accordingly the rational interpretation of the battalion and brigade drill is that it is a dictionary for occasional reference. A commanding officer will now and then, upon occasions when lie is by circumstances debarred from practising his real work — the fight— put his battalion through one or two movements to re fresh the memories of his officers and non-commissioned officers. In par ticular the wheel in quarter-column and the wheel in quarter- column in fours, if clearly explained (so that each man thoroughly understands which way to face to loek and to touch), and if executed at the double, will be found excellent prac tice in the handling of the battalion as a close mass of men. Any of the interpreta tion of the battalion and brigade drill going beyond what is here indicated, any idea that these forms have a fighting value or any but a very subordinate place in the system, cannot be injnrious to the.training of the troops, for it would be to misplace the centre of gravity of the whole fabric of instruction. The whole bnsiness of officers and men in peace is to prepare themselves for war. For thiB purpose the conditions of the march the bivouac, and the fight require to be mastered. With all that pertains to these the soldier and leader alike inuBt be abso lutely familiar. Of the merely occasional and unessential operations of vrar it is im possible to gire to all ranks more than a general knowledge, and among these essen tial Matters come the closer order move ments of battalion and brigade. It is only the second half of the Drill Book (Part V. to IX.) that deals with fighting, and upon this, therefore, the troops will concentrate their attention. (To be continued.) 