The Advertiser FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1889. THE crisis-mongers in the House of Assembly have not succeeded in making a party question of the third rail proposal of the Government. But whether the amendment of Mr. Horn, or that of Sir John Downer, or the previous question is carried, there is very little doubt that the proposal for mixing the railway gauge between Adelaide and Port Adelaide and Terowie will not be sanctioned by the House. The objections against it are too strong. As we pointed out when the policy of the Government was first announced, engineering opinion so far as it has been ascertained is almost entirely opposed to the introduction of a third rail. It might be possible to work the traffic with it, but in view of the limited accommodation at the Adelaide station-yard it would certainly be difficult to do so. The first cost would be heavy, and the expense would be continuous, while the possibilities of confusion, in- convenience, and even danger seem to be unlimited. On its merits the proposal has little to recommend it; but there are other considerations which would render its adoption inexpedient at the present time, even were it shown to possess the advantages that have been claimed for it. Circumstances have greatly altered since the agitation for es- tablishing direct and uninterrupted com- munication between Adelaide and the Barrier was commenced. For one thing, the abolition of the transfer charges inci- dental to the break of gauge at Terowie, and the concession of a sliding scale of rates according to distance, have removed the most pressing grievances of the Ade- laide merchants. It has also been shown that the alarmist statements as to the rapidity with which South Australia was losing the trade had no foundation in fact. For the present, at any rate, this colony has a pretty tight grip of it, and the share taken by Sydney is comparatively unimportant. The fear that the trade with the Barrier would develop with such speed that the present railway facilities would soon prove to be inadequate is not so strongly felt as was formerly the case. The Railway Com- missioners are allayed disquiet by reassur- ing statements which show that the narrow-gauge line to the border is capable of doing an amount of work enormously greater than that it is now called upon to perform. All these facts have had their influence on the public mind, and the re- sult is that the agitation for a new Barrier policy has lost much of its original force. Of course it has not ceased to be true that the existence of a break of gauge is a serious hindrance to trade. It is an impediment which principally affects Port Adelaide, adding another disadvantage to that arising from its greater distance from the Barrier. The single fact that Port Adelaide is the chief port of the colony, and the calling-place of the large ocean steamers, is sufficient to emphasise the importance of freeing it, if possible, from a purely artificial obstacle to the full enjoyment of the advantages that be- long to it naturally from its posi- tion. The question is not one of merely local concern, for in the future the whole colony must suffer if any part of the trade which only its chief port can do is lost by a defect in the rail- way system that injures it in its competi- tion with other Australian centres of com- merce. But were it a local question only Port Adelaide might reasonably complain that its rivals in Spencer's Gulf, having already the geographical advantage of greater proximity to the Barrier, of which they are entitled to make the best use, are further favored by a state of things that constitutes a handicap to which they have no proper claim. Did the break of gauge exist against Port Pirie or Port Augusta, instead of against Port Adelaide, many of those who now profess to regard it as a trifle would adopt quite a different tone. The present Government soon after taking office an- nounced their intention of removing the break of gauge at Terowie. It is plain enough now that they did not foresee, and for that matter no one could have foreseen, the difficulties that have since arisen. The third-rail proposal has been arrived at by a process not of natural but of artificial selection, and presumably represents not what Ministers may have thought would be the theoretically the best way of overcoming the difficulty, but what they believe to be the best among the possible schemes left for them to choose from. The Select Committee of the House of Assembly suggested the broadening of the narrow gauge from Port Augusta and Port Pirie to Terowie, and from Terowie to Cock- burn, in the event of an increase of the traffic rendering it necessary at any future time to provide additional facilities. An alternative scheme supported by members of the Chamber of Commerce was the construction of a broad-gauge line to the New South Wales boundary from Eudunda or some other point on the North-West-Bend railway. Apart from any question as to the expediency of attempting to distribute the traffic between two separate systems of lines, with the possible result of injury to the revenue, the decision of the New South Wales Government against the in- troduction of the broad-gauge into its territory has, for the present at all events, put both these schemes out of court. There can be no broad-gauge railway to the Barrier either by the existing or any other route unless Sir Henry Parkes re- verses his decision. We do not think that in any case the proposal submitted by Ministers is the wisest. Instead of laying down a third rail from Terowie, we should prefer the extension of the narrow gauge to Adelaide. Were the problem of the break of gauge to be determined simply with regard to local considerations there is much to be said in favor of the view that the most practical method of solving it would be to have only narrow-gauge lines north of Adelaide and the broad- gauge to the south. From the south to the north, and vice versa, there is little continuous traffic, and Adelaide would therefore be the most convenient station for a permanent break of gauge. With neither of our gauges can we effect a junc- tion with New South Wales, but the narrow-gauge north of Adelaide would suit Queensland, as the broad-gauge to the south already suits Victoria. But the question is too large and complicated to admit of this solution. The break of gauge is an Australian and not simply a South Australian question. The estab- lishment of a uniform gauge is rapidly becoming a question of practical politics. General Edwards has urged it as a military necessity, and our own Railway Commissioners, looking at the general requirements of Intercolonial traffic, recognise its supreme importance, and advocate the holding of a conference to consider it. Should a uniform gauge be resolved on there is more than a chance —there is a strong probability—that the preference will be given neither to the so- called broad nor to the narrow gauge, but to the 4 feet 8½ inches principle, which has been adopted by New South Wales, and it is the gauge of 75 per cent. of the railways of the world. Without entering into the details of this subject, it is enough to note the important bearing it has on any local proposals for overcoming the break of gauge. If any further reason were required why we should hold our hands until the whole matter has been fully in- vestigated it is to be found in the evident intention of New South Wales to extend her railways to the Barrier. There is full power to compel the Silverton Tramway Company to alter the gauge of its line from 3 feet 6 inches to 4 feet 8½ inches, and should the power be- exercised—as it is quite conceivable that it might be in certain eventualities— South Australia would have no option but to alter its lines from the chief ports to Cockburn to the standard gauge em- ployed in New South Wales. In view of the complexity as well as the importance of the question Sir John Downer's amendment to refer it to a Select Com- mittee indicates the proper course to follow. Since the first committee held its investigation a year or so ago the matter has assumed a new aspect altogether, and further enquiry would be useful. Mr. Horn's amendment has never had any chance of being carried as a motion of no- confidence, and adopted simply as an expression of opinion that the third-rail proposal is unsatisfactory to the House, it would amount to no more than a barren negative, leaving the question in dispute exactly where it was before. The strike at Broken Hill is over. To day the great majority of the miners will return to work. It will require a little time to get all the smelters in full blast, and until this is done the whole of those who have been on strike cannot be em- ployed. But when operations are in full swing again every man will have work. There are to be no exceptions. No sacrifices are to be made, and on both sides past differences are to be for gotten. The conclusion that has been arrived at is in the highest degree satisfactory. It means for the strikers a substantial victory. They have gained practically everything they wanted. In future the Barrier mines are to be worked strictly on "union" principles. The local branch of the Australian Miners' Associa- tion is to change its status and become a colonial district, with an independent executive of its own. Subject to the approval of its roles, about which no doubt is entertained, it will be re- cognised by the proprietors of the mines, and no persons will be em- ployed by them as miners or mechanics who do not belong to it or some affiliated trades union. The recognition extends so far that on every pay day the companies will deduct from wages the dues for each of the unions, banding them over to the stewards of those bodies, and no man will be retained in their employment who ob- jects to such deduction. It is impossible to imagine a more complete admission of the justice of the cause for which, the miners went on strike. The action was forced upon them, not as the result of a dis- pute with their employers, but as the only possible means of saving their union from collapse or at least very serious injury ; and it has been thoroughly justified by the issue. Satisfactory as is the con- clusion arrived at, the manner in which it was reached affords equal ground for congratulation. The highest credit is due to the directors for the conciliatory spirit they displayed. The delegates of the men were met with a degree of con- sideration which neither they, nor those they represent can readily forget, and the display of such good feeling on both sides is a happy augury for the maintenance of friendly re- lations in the future. Nothing could be more agreeable to common sense than the methods which were adopted. The managers on their side and the men on theirs prepared prelimi- nary statements of their terms for the settlement of the difficulty. These were compared and discussed, and harmony having been established on the main points differences as to details formed the subject for fresh negotiations, until one by one they disappeared. Had either side assumed an unbending attitude in regard to minor points the strike might have been indefinitely extended, but in place of this there was a disposition with each to give way a little on non-essential questions, so that in the end a compromise was arrived at acceptable to both. The last question that had to be determined was that affecting the position of the shift "bosses" and foremen, and this difficulty was compromised by an agree- ment allowing them to join the associa- tion at their option, but requiring them in any case to be members of a union. The amicable settlement of the strike is a matter for congratulation, not only to those immediately concerned, but to the general public. Throughout the colonies trades unionism is thoroughly established, and the manner in which the Broken Hill strike has ended is only another evidence of its ability to hold Its own. The temporary suspension of operations on the principal mines at the Barrier has produced some loss, and on that account it is to be regretted that the necessity of the strike should have arisen. It is, however, gratifying to know that the evil results which are an unavoid- able incident of all labor difficulties of the kind have in this case been minimised by the moderation and good sense which were instrumental in bringing the strike to so speedy a conclusion. The Earl of Kintore is expected back in Adelaide to-morrow week in time to receive the Earl of Hopetoun, the new Governor of Victoria, who is likely to arrive the next day. It is probable our Governor will visit New Zealand early in the new year. From first appearances it seemed that the Home of Assembly was in a working humor on Thursday afternoon. The second reading of the Northem Territory Land Bill was, after the speech of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, very nearly carried without further dis- cussion, but Mr. Johnson secured the adjourn- ment of the debate. The Inspection of Steam Boilers Bill was debated for some time, but the debate was adjourned. The Trades and Labor Hall Site Bill was, in accordance with the newly-adopted joint standing orders of both Homes, referred to a Select Committee. This will really involve no delay, as the measure will be proceeded with nest week. Several speeches were contributed on the subject of the proposed railway from Blyth to Gladstone, and then Mr. Castine was allowed to adjourn the debate, Mr. Bartlett spoke for some time on the Barrier policy of the Government, and warmly approved of the laying down of a third rail between Adelaide and Port Adelaide and Terowie. Mr. Glynn condemned the proposal of the Government in unmeasured terms, and Mr. Hussey thought the Barrier trade could be better developed by utilising the water carriage of the Rivers Darling and Murray than by any scheme of railway construction. Mr. Stock considered that the Government should wait to see what the intentions of New South Wales are, and advocated the building of a railway to the Barrier on the 4 feet 8½ inch gauge. Mr. Caldwell opposed both the motion of the Go- vernment and the amendment of Mr. Horn, and Mr. Krichauff moved the previous question. On the motion of Mr. Mattinson the debate was adjourned until Tuesday. At 25 minutes past 8 o'clock the Treasurer moved, that the House should go into Committee of Supply to consider the Estimates. It was generally and that the House would adjourn early, but before the House went into committee Mr. Catt brought forward two subjects, the discussion of which did not terminate for nearly two hours. The questions raised were the salaries of the Engineer-in-Chief and the Sanitary Engineer, which, it was stated, the late Government had promised should at the end of twelve months be increased if the additional work performed by those officers in consequence of the amalga- mation of the Hydraulic, Waterworks, and Engineer-in-Chiefs Departments was satisfac- torily carried out. It was pointed out at an early stage that these matters could be de- bated in committee, but the "flood of talk' proceeded, and during the evening Mr. Bart- lett took occasion to level attacks on various persons, members of the House and otherwise. At a quarter-past 10 o'clock the Estimates were considered in committee, but very little progress had been made when an hour later the House adjourned. By the R.M.S Cathage, which anchored off the Semaphore anchorage on Thursday evening, arrived Admiral Lord Charles Scott, who is to succeed Admiral Fairfax in the commend of the Australian squadron. His lordship, who is accompanied by several naval officers, was met and welcomed to Australian shores by Com- mander Walcot, Major Gordon, and the Governor's private secretary, who went off in a steam launch from targe Bay. Oaring to the late hour at which the Carthage reaohed the Semaphore liord Scott wonld not take a run on shore. He proceeds direct to Sydney in the steamer. The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. J. Shaw) an- nounces elsewhere that he finds he cannot accede to the request of the citizens that he should seek election again for next year. It is probable that Mr. L. Cohen, M. P., will be the only candidate for the mayoralty. The charge against Captain Journeanx, master of the barque Dafce of Abercorn, that be was drunk on several occasions daring a voyage from London to Adelaide was heard before Mr. Justice Boucaut, sitting as a court of marine enquiry, on Wednesday and Taura day, and resulted in the acquittal ot the ac cused, tbe jodge holding that there was no evidence to support the charge. News was brought by the E.M.S. Carthage, which arrived here on Thursday night, that Mr. Thos. Pogh. who was a passenger in her from London, had died on board the-vessel shortly btiore ahe reached Sing George'd Souod. Mr. fagh was for three or four year i tbe Adelaide-representative of the Orien v. Steamship Company, and during bis stay here made many friends. He left this colony for Sydney with a view to improving his health, but the change did not prove beneficial, and he was compelled to relinquish business. He took a trip to Europe, and was returning apparently in good health, bat he fell ill on the voyage aad succumbed before he conld reach Australia. Mrs. Pugh was on the Carthage with him. A deputation ol members of the fioyal Agricultural and Horticultural Society waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Thurs- day, and requested the Government to grant them a lease of the Jubilee Exhibition building for several days in each year. The Commis- sioner, who was entirely with the deputation, said hs would bring the matter before his colleagues and do all in his power to have the request granted. Mr. J, liewu, chairman of the Butra branch of tbe .Agricultural Bureau, has broairht into the Central Bureau some exceedingly fine speci mens of fodder plants grown by one ot the members of his branch from seeds sent out from the parent institution. The beat growth is from French honeysuckle an j goatra me, over six feet and five feet respectively. Both these plants do well on sandy and light dry soils and are much liked by stock. The other plants iocloae eainfoin over two feet high and common clover nearly two feet high. An irquestwas held at the Dover Caitla Hotel, North Adelaide, by the city coroner (Dr. H. T. Whittel) on Thursday afternoon, on the body of an infant which had been found by a jouog man named B, 0. Summers on tha Korth Paik Lands, near the Caledonian Hotel, during the moraine. The testimony of Dr. Jay, who had made a post-mortem examina tion of tbe body, went to show that it was that of a male child fully developed. There were ap ■ parent no marks of external injury, bat tbe child had breathed. The inquest was ad journed for a week 'to allow ot full enqairies being made by the police. On Thursday Messrs. Kriohauff and Oam&n;, the members for the district of Victoria, pre sented a memorial to the Attorney-General (Hon. B. A. Hodden), from the principal tradesmen of Fenola, requesting that the court of limited jurisdiction might be held monthly instead of in alternate months as at present. It was pointed out that many of the tradesmen of this border townaMp had suffered great loss and inconvenience through being unable to recover small debts within a reasonable period. Toe Attorney- General promised that on the distinct under standing that no additional expense would be incurred, that the special magistrate would not be required to preside, and that the local jutticcs would sit and dispose of the cases, he would favorably consider the prayer of the memorialists and recommend the issue of a proclamation for at monthly limited tscml Court as required. The difpute between Mr. John Hams and the Cartels'land IDrivera' Association at Port Adelaide bas been settled, Mr. Hams agreeing to reinstate themes on strike at the request of deputation which waited upon him on Thursday morning "from the Maritime Labar Council, Mr. Hams stated that he was perfectly willing to accede to the demands of tbe coun cil, as be had no wish to act detrimentally to the fundamental principles of trades nniocum. He would overlook any grievance that had hitherto existed be between him and that body. At tbe end of the month he wonld throw up the contract which he had taken from Messrs Graves & Cj., to do the carrying for Messrs. Harrold, Coltoo, aal Co. He would discharge all his non union nen and reinstate the union men in their refpective places. He would act up to tbe raits of the union and pay union rates of wsges. He thought that in the put he had done everything possible to auist the labor organisations, with whom he wished to avoid any friction, and he would etrive to do the same in the future. A meetiDg to consider the advisablenets of atking tbe Government to buy the Glenel? railways was held in the Gleuelg Town Hall on Thursday evening under the presidency of the mayer (Mr. 3. 8. Scott). There was a fair attendance. After his worship had explained tbe objects of the meeting Councillor Ware moved— "That it is desirable to take immediate steps to urge upon the Government the pur- chase of the Glenelg railways on the ground that public convenience generally will be better served by such railways being under ilie same oontrol as tbe Government lines." He stated that he did not regard it as advisable to criticize the management of the railways. If they attained their end the public con- venience would be greatly served. The Govern- ment could get the money with which to buy the lines at the rate of 3½ percent., and a great saving could be effected in'the expenses of management if they were put into the hands of the?aQwayOommusioners. Thus they might fairly anticipate a reduction in the tares. He considered it wonld be an advantage to the iervants of tie company to be under the Government, and there would not, he be lieved, be any motion in the numerical strength of the staff. Councillor Piokup eecondtd the motion very heartily. He thought the placing of the lines under the control of the Government would even- tually lead to Glenelg being again fixed as the landing-place for the English mails. The Railway Commissioners might alter the timetable and possibly reduce the number of trains, but he thought they would be bound to grant the same cheap fares aa were in f one on the Semaphore Line. The motion was carried unanimously. It was also decided that the chairman should arrange for a deputation to wait upon the Commissioner of Public Works at an early date to lay before him the views of the meeting. The Commissioner of Police has received a report, dated Novembe 7, from Moauted- Gonstable pitbnur, ol the Hergott police atation, which states that on Thursday, Oc- tober 17, h e received a letter from Mr. Flierl, manager of the Imtheian Mission Station. Kil lalpanma- with the news that two blaskboys employed on the station had found Ithe dead body of a dob in a waterhole about five miles from the Station. M.O. Dittrcar, who left for KiHalpanina for the purpose of making en quiries, arrived there on October 20. and on tbe 2Ut proceeded, together with twj black boys, to the waterhole, which is situated on the principal track between Bleaye'e Well and Eillalpanma, and in the main channel of Cooper'a Greek. In the waterhole, which was Bcnounded by think timber, he found tbe dead body of a man, partly clothed, over which lay a branch of a tree, which had evi dently been put there for the pur pose of concealing the corpse. When the body was removed and examined it was found that the deceased had met with foul play. There were three deep cuts in the head, penetrating through the skull. The fourth finger of the right hand was severed, and there was a deep cut across the palm of the same hand aa if a tomahawk or a sharp wedged in dressed in check tweed trousers, streaked with black, a cotton shirt, a flannel, and a pair of socks. From all appearanoe it wonld seem aa thoufih he had been asleep when murdered, tbe body being dragged into tbe water afterwards. In one of the trousers pockets was found the following written in lead pencil on a piece of paper :—"Bob Hamper, Gresham Star, Victoria, after 11 a.m." This was the only article found on the body. M.C. Dittmar. after covering up the corpse, proceeded to Hergott to report the matter to Mr. Miller, J.P., and on his journey down found out that a traveller and a blackfellow who bad been travelling with horses to Cedelgo station had camped at the Clayton waterhole on the night of Octobers, and before depart- ing from the place next day the traveller left a aide horse in the charge of a man named John Hill, who lives at the waterhole, and - quested mm to write to him, at the same time leaving his address, which read—"B. Mavack, care of O. 8. Hungerford." Hill described the dress worn by Mavack when he saw him, and it corresponded exactly with that found upon deceased. On the night of October 4 the same traveller and blade camped at Dulcannia close to a teamster named Eoediger, who bad % con ference with the traveller relative to the black, and it seems that they were not on very amicable terms. Bnediger also describes the trousers worn by tba man with whom he spoke aa cor responding exactly with those found on tbe dead body. On Friday. October B, the same couple (passed Eleayes Well, the traveller atop ping at the place for about five mutates, daring which time a young girl «*^"?«^ Bmm? Ottos, who naidassnth her parents at tha well, took partisular notice of the trouset* wornby him, and ber description ot them also oorrsiponds with those on the body. This was the last oa cation on which deceased was aeen alive. The bkeMeUow was afterwards seen travelling with hones on the Biidsville track, en route to Oadelgn. Deoea?ed ( was an entire stranger ia that part of the country, for had he known the track he would have travelled by Koppenmanna. All the surrounding circumstances point to the black as the mur derer. Mi. Miller ordered the removal ot the corpse to Hergott, and an inquest was com menced on Sunday, November 8, and ad journed till Wednesday, Kovember 10, when the following verdict was returned:— "The jury are nnanimonslyof opinion that tbe deceased, Richard Mavaok, came to his death by wilful murder by the band of some person or persons unknown." A warrant has been iuned for the apprehension of tbe sus pected black, and Mounted-Constable Ban- Di?an has proceeded to Birdsville in pursuit of him. The concert which was to have been held at tbe Exhibition building on Taunday bad to be portponed on account of tbe rain until to-night, when a programme will be ren dered by the Ijocomotive and Eastern Suburban Bands. The sEcoDd match of the third round of c fetches in connection with the South Austra lian Draughts Association was played at Martin's Coffee-rooms on Thursday evening, when the Soutbwarks met the Goodwoods and defeated them by 32½ games to 13½. At the Theatre fioyal on Thursday evening " The New Magdalen*' was again performed to the entire satisfaction of tbose present. This play will be staged for the last time to- night, and to morrow Miss Aehurch will appear as ''Galatea in Gilbert's comedy "Pygmalion and Galatea, with Mr. Oharrinston as " Pyg malion" and Miss Maud Williamson as "Ojni?ca.1- The Slat half-yearly meeting of the Royal Building Society was held at the head office, Melvin Chambers, on Thursday. The chair man (Mr. W. Shierlaw) said that the directors bad thought it desirable in the present circum stances to follow tbe conr«e adopted last year, and defer declaring any profit until the end of the year. Several properties had baen sold dortng the half year. All claims against the society bad been promptly met, and at preient there were no outstanding debts of any kind. Arrears on borrowed shares bad been paid up more regularly than formerly. Daring the half-year the current expenses were £93 13s. Tbe undivided profits, as shown in the profit and less account, amounted to £161 8s. 3d. surrounding The University Shakespeare Society brought their sixth session to a close on Thursday evening. Considering the nature of the weather a remarkably good audience assembled in the University Library, the chair being occupied by the president of the society, the Ven. Archdeacon Farr (vice-chancellor of the University). The principal portion of the evening's programme consisted of re- citals and readings from Shakespeare, in which several members of the society took p?rt. The first recitals were the fourth and tilth scenes cf the first act of " Hamlet," the character of Hamlet being taken by Mr. F, W. Pennefatbcr, B A.; Horatio, by Professor Boulper; Marcelius, by Mr. D. H. Bottrill; and the Ghost, by the Rev. A. X. Boas. This was followed by Pinanti'a serenade "Sleep on, dear love/'whicti was tastefully renderedby Mrs. Marcus Two scenes from " Much Ado About Nothing" were then siren, the characters being taken sb by—Mr. Isbisler, Benedick; Pro freeor Benign, Don Pedro; Mr. Henderson, Clacdio; Mr. Solomon, Leonato; Miss Brown, Beatrice; Mrs. Ktlaey, Hero: Miss Gollin, Urania; and Miss Eva Gollin, Sla-garet. Master Alfred Everard tang SuUivan's "O, miettcsa mine," and met with marked applause from the audience. The second part of the programme was opened by Miss Hawkins, who received load applause for her rendering o! a rinaldo by Handel, after which a portion of the first and tbe whole of the Kcond ecene from the second act of "Mac beth" weie recited, the ehaxaeter of I>*dy Mscbeth being ably sustained by Miss Gollio, while Mr. Bottrill scored a distinct success in his representation of the Thane of Oawdor. Six irembers of the Cathedral Ohoir eang MacFarren's glee, "Where is Sylvia?" and were very well received. The concluding per formance was the third scene of act 6 of "The Winter's Tale," tbe parts being taken by the following :—Leontes, Mr. Pennytather; Polixenes, Professor Banlger; Cunitlo, Rev. A. T. Boas; Paulina. Mrs. Kelsey; Perdito, Miss Eva Gollin ; and Hermione, Miss Gollin. Mr. Bonlt acted as accompanist dorm? the evening. The advertisements with reference to amusements appear on the second page. A valedictory meeting to Dr. C. Davenport, a medical missionary, and take place at Stow Church to night. 