THE ORDER OF SISTERS OF MERCY. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. On Tuesday morning a large Mid fashionable assemblage witnessed, in St. Francis X[?]c's Cathedral, the reception of four possulants into the order of the Sisters of Mercy Tae ladies who were received were Miss Mtrgarat Carroll, who assumed the name of Sister Mary Gertrude, Hiss Annie Brggi (Sister Maty de Pazzi), Mica Sarah Briggs (litter Mary Gabriel), and Miss Mary Koonan (Sister Mary Monica). Shortly after 11 o'clock tua Grace Archbishop Reynolds, aooompund by Archdeacon Bnasell, Dean Kevin, Daan Kennedy, and Fathers O'Sullivan, O.S B . A.. Gandolfi. J. McMahon. W.McEvoy.P. Hurley, T. Dobenny. P. Jorgenson, and Oaaroa, entered the cathedral, and took np poiitions in the eanctuuT, his grain being seated on a throne, which bad been prepared for him fronting the altar. Immediately afterwards the sisters entered, being preceded by four little girls dressed in white and carrying flowers, and the postulants being supported by the mother superior and the mother assistant. The four postulants were dressed in handsome bridal costumes of white satin, and wore white satin shoes and the usual white tulle veils rmamented with orange blossaonw. The choir sang the hymn "O GJoriosa Virginum" as the procession entered and the postulants took up a kneeling position in front of the archbishop, the sisters taking their places on the right and left. His grace then blessed four wax tapers and handed one to each of the postulants, whom he addressed in the following termi:—" Receive, dearly beloved daughter, the corporal light ?« an emblem of the inward light to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error; that illuminated with the light of divine wisdom, with tie fervor of the Holy Ghost, thin mayest deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the Spouse of the Church, who liveth and reigneth, with God the Father in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." A chort and impressive sermon was then preached by Father O'Salliran, who took for bis text the words—" We have been made a spectacle to the world, and to man, and to the angels." Toe day on which they were assem bled, be said, was the Fea?t of our Lady of Mercy. They bad come to witness a solemn wemony—the dedication of four souU to our Lady in her Son's own house; and what more appropriate day, he asked, could pwsibly have bren chosen for such an occasion ? Tae natural question would be certain toarise—Why etch pomp; why so much ceremony; and what were these favored souls about to do? They were only going to consecrate to their Maker what already belonged to Him. They had re ceived a special call from Almighty God to rerve Him, and it was as a sign of gratitude to Him that this great ceremony of ratifying the call by a public profession was attended with somuchptmp. This aot was one which called into play the fulfilment not of precepts alone but of counsels. Tb«y had come tjiere not only to witness a great cremony, but « great rscrifice ai well—a sacrifice made by young people in the prime of life, and at a time when the whole world wai before them. Gregory the Great bad calltd these daughter* of the church, who devoted their lives to the p? frrmance of worka for the greater honor and Blory of God, the "elect body of the churah," and the rev. gentleman pointed out how well the remark was justified when we came to consider the self sacrificing character of their labors and how their lives were entirely de voted to the visiting and attending to the wants of the poor, the nursing of the sick, the education of the young, the comforting of the needy, and the consoling of the dying. What wonder was it then that the Church should come forward with her ceremony to show her gratitude to the Almighty for the fpecul grace He had deigned to confer on these special ones among His servants. The reward that God would give such servants would be the greatest and most magnificent He could bestow, because their ascrifiee was the greatest a human being could mata. He would call this the first final step in the re nouncing of the worid'a pomps and vanities. It was not the last, because that catna on the day of profession when they confirmed for ever the vows which they now aspired to make. By the sVp they now took they cast aside-the vanity of the world, they cast aside its ornaments and its trappings once and for all, they abandoned its pleasures, and they cut adrift all connection b 4ween themselves audit. FatherO'duUivauthendrewapowerfal picture of the ambition, the envy, the bicker ing*, the striving after wealth and position which characterised the worldly minded perron, and contrasted it with the life of a Sister of Mercy, who having renounced the world led a life of " peace and conten'm-nt, never thinking of tns morro«r. bu'yevtrin the performance of those daties which has so well entitled her to the term of a "tcinistering angel," and always happy in the knowledge that when her span of life is ended here a crown of clory greater than any that any monarch of this poor world ould award awaits tier at tbe hands of the Saviour she has served so well. At the conclusion of the sermon his grace enquired from each postoUnt if it was with herown fre<> will th«* «h« demanded the inoly ha< it of religion, and being answered in the affirmaiivd tun «iur postulants, conducted by tbe mother superior and mother assistant, retired for the porpoaa of putting off thejx secular dress. During their absence bis grace blessed their habits aai veils, which were conveyed to them by one of the rcligieures. On their return they received his grace's blessing, and were clothed in their near habiliments. The mother assistant then con ducted them to the mother superior, who. embraced them, the rest of the sisterhood doing tbe same. After further prayer and the chanting of psalms tbe proceedings ter minated. The ceremony was undoubtedly one of the moat solemn and impressive that has ever been witnessed in the cathedral, which was handsomely draped with flowers for the occasion, this work having been kindly nndftrtakim by Miss Baker. Toe choral service was particularly beautiful, tbe singing of tbe "Memorare" being specially worthy of .mention. 