BREVITIES. Zip. "Valentine®. •Raby Ogrden.. Stamps wasted. Suicide at Kadina. "Bones a bafl second. Oha-ley missed her. , • Giffen 48 last Week. The Grey won at last." Tom come out at last. Mother first at tiltmff. " Uncle Tom'« Cabin,' 4 , Gent missed the shadow. Mr. S— rous:h on his boy. Yelta v J. A. to-morrow. T)an best man a? the sp rts. . TTollinffsworth in luck again. .«« O.love. dear love, be irue." Smokiner is a bad habjt. Kate. "Luther ffoinsr^up for a J.P.-phip. Ho^ineworth's stable in it again. • Tinv sines that song very nicely./ Second eleven about good enough*. ; Kadina races on Wednesday, next. ' Sunbeam lost her temper at croquet. Ivanhoe won the Snow town handicap. . That St. Bernard is learning quickly. A T. did not'turn up to give that solo. The all-round T A, did riot win his bet. Crews practising for Port Pirie regatta. * A cheap trip to Ptfie to see the regatta* Cockinsr ha-T the first eleven in a corner.. Some very slow-lightning at S«pwtowiii| > Lis-htnmg not good enough for Snowto^ju Ladies' trnttinsr matehtoo good forlajnaze. Is the Globe Hotel to change . not? '• •.';•'."'•' Fast ..Moonta shaping^ well f S Ooiiiin motifs litest is to be found '4 pea^hesV ^ v'.' ; ' / ; ' • V: clears,ont. , '-."• • A nfither State^chlldrep^GiOTOiwlsf|i apnointed. , . ' ' What do the proposed J.P's. for^^ria' expect^to do? - ' I Look on t Phil, they might mistake, you for a tracker. „, ', ',.• The A rthurton people t den't want the; T*°etaloo water. ; '-'si \- Jewell's ghost taking horse-back exercisi on Wednes3av. . ^ • East Moonta and Wallaroo to-morro^v at. East Moonta.. . • « ' - r TW East Moontas pulled off their match •with Wallaroo. ; ' • 1 A conference" to be held at Berlin oa; ^amoan questions. The shoos notfin for striking. Tcta many; brothers and crin sins. > , Lyons started for his oldcltib, and scored 94 runs in good stylfe. % •„!, Die E. \T. Brass Band gave an exhibition ; , of their, powers on Monday. ' ;f3/ ! Street .Julia lookins sour on Tuescjpy : 4 r niffht. Where was -Tack ? ' ; f BUI "astonished that card-trick gentleman ; on Wednesday, at Snowtown. : • ; I« 5t true that one of tlie Y. A'e. tried to " catch the shadow of the bill ? „ Good nrooTaTirae *at the Mines Band of Hone next We'nesday evening. . > Some vpry sarcastic remarks levelled at the efforts of those instrumentalists. The Seed wheat question has been settled by the assistance of the "Eon. J. Darling.. Councillor Cro«by. not of ."Black Oak Earm, wroth about the main road money. Open air concert at the Mines on Tuesday. Beats the Eastern Suburban all to pieces. How mapv droughts will it take to convince som "people that water is neeessary ? , • ? . That young ladv should be more careful of her improver when* walking on t£e beach. What were , the watchmaker and printer , doing at the bay on Wednesday with married ladies? A youthful vocalist amused the Mines Band of Hope on Wednesday. She did her, best though. . ; It is rather <pior for the best all-round man ti back himself to do 8ix runs against the second eleven.. ( < The Speaker of Queensland parliament has been visiting Adelaide and seeing t^e sights that are to be seen. Mr. Sedunary's idea that a jrife, like a horse must be bought*, wont go down with the ladies of Moonta Mines. Those younsr gents who indulge m naked equestrian exercises of a morning, had better look out for Corporal Shiels. The Editor of the Went worth Advocate " has been committed ,for trial for Iibellitig the Wentwortli Coroner. O'd gentleman (watehine crowd round omnibus)—' What a bustled' Stout old lady —* 'Old your tongue, imperence I' Mr. Bartlett has been immortalized by having a Hundred named after him. Why . was Hopkins, the other buffoon, left out. When a man finds that he is getting to be* too loquacious, his best remedy* is to get married. He .will notice an improvementright away. A girl sued a man for -breach of promise, and proved him suoh a scoundrel that the jury decided that she ought to pay him something for not marrying her. " What makes you feel so uncomfortable when you have done wroag?" asked a . teacher who was lecturing oa conscience. . < ! My father's leather strap," answered* a little boy. It is stated that a lecturer argued so^ powerfully at Manchester against the use of tobacco that several' of his audience went home and burned their cigars—holding one pnd of them in their mouths. ROUGH ON COBNS —Ask for Wells' rt Rougfe .on Corns." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts bqnions. At Chemists and Druggists. 