BAPTIST CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary teameeting in connection with the Kyneton Baptist Church was held last night, having been deferred for a week on account of the Association meetings in Melbourne, and the Kyneton show. The weather towards evening was threatening, and thus the countrv members and adherents of the church were deterred from attending. Tables were given by Mrs M'Donald, Mrs Hall and Mr Cass, Mrs Prebble, Mrs HOIUB, FÓRS Anderson, Mrs Grant, and Mrs Brady and were presided over by Mesdames De Gruchy, Downing, Purton, Hollie Armstrong, Dobinson, Good, and Bassett! The attendance at the tea was such ae to well fill the tables. The catering was most satisfactorily carried out by Mr Howlett. Considerable pains had been taken in decorating the church, and by tasteful disposal of fern fronds and wreaths, a very pleasing effect was obtained. . The meeting which followed the tea was presided over by the Dev. J. Downing, past'T of the church, and Was opened with the customary devotional excercises. The chairman remarked that there was no time when this church could more eartly say " Ebenezer, Hitherto hath the ord helped me," than at the present ime. Other things being equal, .had it een a worldly or business concern there would'have been no meeting, and they would not have been able to say Ebenezer," for they had come through a year of severe trial and grave anxiety. Yet he believed that the Lord had a blessing in store for tlie future as in the year gone by. It had been a year of grace to the members of the church, for they had been enabled to sustain the work and the principles for which they existed. The spirit of Godlessnees pervading young colonials made the year one of anxiety, but there were hopeful sigUB amongst the young connected with the church and Sunday school. It was a matter of rejoicing that during the paBt year there had been special cases of conversion, and there was a deepening sense of the need of a revival amongst the church members. Statistics of the churchahowed one member less than at the beginning of the year but that was no indicator of the work done. Work was done which never conid be tabulated. In conclusion he (the chairman) said words of cheer to encourage the hearts of the members to believe in the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and in the power of the Holy Ghost to give an over-whelming blessing exceeding anything in their memories. The Rev Mr Whitney (Caetlemaine), remarking on the presence on the platform of the Rev H. Moore (WeElejan), said that overlying all denominational differences there was a strata of sympathy between Christian ministers, and therefore he experienced much pleasure in meeting Mr Moore. He was more in fellowship with the Wesleyan Church than with any other body outside his own, and that was on account of the welcome he received from the Rev Mr Piddington, a WeBleyan miniBter, when as a youth he arrived in Queensland. Touching the chairman's reference to seasons of depression in his church, he remarked that that was not a feature peculiar to Kyneton. In Castlemaine his church had had the same experience, and members becamc despondent, but keeping praying and believing they were now enjoying a rich harvest. He believed that any ministerial work worth signficance, value, and power, must be a tried ministry. After eihorting the members to absolute surrender to God, Mr Whitney expressed the pleasure he experienced at this, his 6rst visit to the Kyneton Baptist Church on a week night. The Rev H. Moore (Wesleyan), vru glad to be present because of the affection he felt for tbe chairman, and because of the kindly feelings he experienced towards his Baptist friendB. He referred to the question of depression, but regarded it aa blessed, as it awakened Christians to their need of God's special work in their hearts and in the ungodly. Then with prayer, work, faith, and expectation, signal results were achieved. Touching on the subject of tea meetings, he thought them deservedly popular, as they might be productive of the highest good, as well as being made interesting to those who took part in them. All classes were brought together, and there was that in the atmosphere which tended to destroy old prejudices and stiffnesses and brought about an appreciation of each other's excellencies. Tea meetings promoted peace and harmony, brotherly feeling, and that love of the brethren without which there could not be healthy, vigorous church life. Then the after meetings could be utilised for dealing with subjects nece;- sary to be treated of, but difficult to introduce into pulpit ministrations. Further, the after meetings afforded opportunities of commending religion to the young: showing its varied excellencies, the beauty of Christian character, the nobility and grandeur of Christian aims, and the beauty of glory of Christian work. Again, after meetings gave opportunities of inducing interested enthusiasm on behalf of church work in all its branches, and religions enterprises generally. Lastly, after meetings brought into prominence the fact that true religion is one of joy, and not the gloomy caricature some people draw, though not a thing of pranks and jollity, but dealing with solemn matters. In conclusion he congratulated the church upon the success of the past year and expressed desire for greater success in the future. The Rev. W. Hiddlestone of Melbourne remarked that the sun shone brighter after dark clouds had gone, and he hoped this would be the experience of this church. He was sick of revivals got up by man— sick of religious shams. In one branch of the Christian church he found those who had left their churches because there things were " too cold." If those brothers and sisters had showed the same energy in church work that they did with the body they were now connected with there would have been blessed results. There were some people whose text all the day long was " Thank God I'm saved, and 1 wish you were too," without any chanie. A new Bible must be found for him before he could accept such stuff. It was not Bible Christianity, which woKed growing up to the full stature of a man in Christ Jesus. To begin and stop.at the Cross was to be a spiritual Tom Thumb, and noiee and fuss was the devil s device, which should not be allowed to distract. Mr Hiddlestone then sang " Wait, ana Murmur Not." playing his own orgs" accompaniment. This was followed by references to the ministerial capacity ot individual Christians and ilienatorc ot true religion, after which Mr Hiddlestone sane " Sleeping on Guard." The extensive" scope of women's work Mmea tne subject of remark, and Mr Hiddlestone concluded his contribution to fhe pro; ceedings by singing " Calling To-day. The following musical items were rendered :—Solos, " By the Shnne, and The Nightless Lund, Mr Strahan, accpmpanied by Mrs Strahan; duett. ^Pulaski's Banner,^ ^Irs gm'^h J« { = Omónił) ąńd M$SB Purton; and so.?, Lo. :ISrF Misa Goad, , no JW®- , , j. , lopreitensive »ou» or than Irs was \- j^amarifiTij on the motion of SŁ ^ Armstrong, seconded by Mr and che Benedictam, Pjrcniiee: probr lie duinnu^ tennin&ted; the 