..THE REPROACH OF ANNESLEY. BY MAXWELL O.RAY, i Author of " Tna SiuRRon or Dhan Hah J.AK1),'1 & c. part v x. t CHAPTER IV.— Continued. Ha wb» behind the others and on slightly higher gfouu'd, thbs the falling and passing bf a swift dhadow breaking the western sunbeams touched him alone, and he turned and saw — a fare. Tbi> dark hlnp eves hnrnlnir with inward fire, the black crisp hair, the seffr on the cheek were unmistakable, and had not changed appar ently since the day be last saw them, the day of ' Paul Annesley'a death. For it was truly the face of Panl, though clean-shaVqn, and the' head of Paul, though tonsured and rising from the dress of a monk ; the long white robe glowing incandescent in the sun's rich light, the passionless features Wearing an unearthly calm were those of a monk, yet how should a monk have the dark, blazing, blue eyes and scarred face of Paul Annealey ? Edward Annealey's heart stood still and his mouth grew parched n s he gazed, but an ioBtant truly — for the phantom figure passed swiftly and silently without pause, — yet an instant in which his thoughts were so many aud so disquieting tbat it seemed an teternity. The white figure, after the one brief burning gaze in passing, vanished behind the rocky broken ground ; but as soon as An- .nesley' could shake off the riighimaro-Btiiff- "iieas which paralysed his linibs, ho, too, disappeared behind the broken mass and saw, or thought be saw, a ghost-like figure sinking rapidly down the declivity of the little ravine beneath him, from which the sun hfd already disappeared. Down the declivity Edward dnshed, but tbo figure was no who re to be seen ; a far-off white sttoak proved on 'closer inspection to bo a waterfall. A black fir- wood lay in the direction the phantom ltad taken. Into this Auaealey plunged ; his blood was tm now. and he WAS deter- mined to know the cause of this, temporary cheating of the senses. The wood climbed 'a elope facing the east; it was nearly night there in the thick and heavy shadows. The phantom monk was nowhero to be seen ; Edward had now , made a long and hot pursuit and the distant jodeln of his brother warned him that there was no time to lose in rejoiuing his party, whose way lay in the opposite direction and who already bid fair to be belated. So he was obliged to return, pale and breath less and unablo to give a rational account of his sudden flight; for, upon asking the others if they bad seen a white monk go by, they laughed and told bimhehnd been dreaming and rullied him unmercifully upon his distraught appearance. He therefore said no more, but descended tho bill-side full of disquieting thoughts .ami from thatjraomeut he ha'd never opened his lius'Upon the subject till now. " Why shouldi my cousin's spir.it appear to me?" he asked Major M'llrray at the close of his narrative, u In alllyourjstories;tliere was a purpose in the apparition — a' warning of some kind." " It was not Paul Annealey's spirit," returned M'llrray with decision. " Then what was it," asked Annealey, whose nerves were still quiveriug from the memories ho bad just evoked, and who was surprised at the scepticism displayed by so urdent. a ghost-seer us Major M'llrray. "That was very strange tbat he should some as a monk," replied M'llrray, who, in spite of his scepticism, was excited by the story—' very strange. He was not a Catholic even, why woula he appear as a monk ? No, Anneslcy, it was not a spirit, that passing fignre. It was a living monk that was passing, aud his eyes were dark blue and some murk wusou his face, duel in tluit moment he was very like Paul Annesloy. I have met a man who was very like me. Ho was in the Hussars.; it was sometimes unplea- ant, such mistakes were made. Or, I will tell you ; you had been thinking, thinking of that yoot fellow, your cousin, aud a bird was flying past makiug a shadow, and you turned quickly; tho sunshine was dazzling aud your imagination painted the face' of Paul Annealey on the air. You had been seeing these white Carthusians in France, and you were thinking-, it may be, of spirits and white garments, and so you em bodied. all in one figure of your cousin in a monk's garb. Yes; that is how it would be," he added with au air of conviction as he ro- lightvd bia cigar, which in his excitement had been suffered to go but— " that is how it would all happen." The explanation, though logical, was incon sistent in a man .who believed in secoud-right and apparitions, and it did not convince the more practical and literal mind of Ann'eslcy. "It was tho kice of Paul Annealey," ho re peated. Hi3 was no common face, »unt it is beyond possibility that another face should be marked with that peculiar scar. I am as cer tain that he looked mo face to face tbut uight as I am certain that I am the owuer of this house." M'llrray smiled and looked thoughtfully into the fire for a moment before he spoke. "Th.ut is, indeed, being certain," he then said ; "I will dispute no more. But it is strange that no one believes like an unbeliever. For you said to night that you did not believe in apparitions." "Or in the curse of Gledesworth," Edward replied with, a faint smile. "It is true, M'llrray, that nothing is so consistent as in consistency." "Well. I I will tell yon one thing," con tinued M'llvray. "Iff were in your place I would never speak of this thing agaio." " I never shall," he replied, frozen back to bis usual reserve by this unexpected incredulity. The last of the final cigars was by this time smoked. The night was wearing on into Ghrist- mas morning and they went to bed. CHAPTER T. thr Vacant chair. Alice soon heard what had taken place in the twilight of Christmas Eve. The fact that Mrs, Rickman had been told of Edward Annesley's Intentions towards her daughter, aud that Sibyl bad been obliged to confess to ber mother t-bat she could not entertain his proposals, was sufficient to ensure Alice's knowledge of the whole history. Mrs. Hickman's uaturo was transparent and sympathetic; all her inno cent thoughts and guileless hopes and fears were shared with those about her, and 'Alice, upon whom she depended most, enjoyed the most ample share of her confidences. Until Mrs. Ptickman hud "talked things over " with some sympathetic listener she wai unablo to get any firm mental grasp of facts. "I cannot understand Sibyl," her mother commented to Alice ; "she was evidently struck with him from the first. Every ono noticed it, and we ail though: his visits were fox her. Your ancle was thunderstruck when he asked for you, and I bare always thought, my dear, and so has Gervaae, that sorno little jealousy or pique occasioned that proposal, especially as yoa had never given him the slightest encouragement. There are many things against the match, it is true ; but. Sibyl is not so young as she was, and; she really is rery blue, pboj: dear! Her father and I sadly fear that she will be an old maid. And I cannot help thinking tbat she cares for him." "If she did, it would be her secret, not ours," Alice said. " Let us not discuss it ; it is not fair. Perhaps it may uko place, after all," alio added, iuconsequently, " especially if not talked about." Gervase's anger was too deep for words when he learnt that Sibyl had deliberately thrown away the chance of happiness that he had so carefully plotted and arranged for her. Ho was still firmly convinced that no other mar riage would bo possible to her, and this cpuvic- tiou was confirmed by a carefully guarded con versation fie bad with her, a conversation in which, as far as words weut, she proved more than a match for him But when pooplo know each other us well as this brother know his sister, words are but clumsy symbols of thought, especially when associated with such a tell-tale face au Sibyl's, a face upon which tho slightest emotion raised a corresponding change of color and outline. He was angry with Sibyl for thus unexpectedly crossing his purpose, but of course he was far more angry with Annealey, and attributed the failurCof his suit to some dutnsiuoss on his part. " These good-looking fools do at least know how to make-love commonly," he thought. He even hinted this want of dexterity vaguely to Alice, who quickly made hitn ice that the subject was not one to which she should permit auy reference, fyitii February came the opening of Parlia ment, and the fluttering interest of seoiog Gervase's name in tho debates, all of which Mr. Rickman now read regularly for tho first time in bis life. Politics now ran' high at Arden Mayor, altboughla singular unanimity of party feeling prevailed ; no meal was taken without tho spice of those magic names, Disraeli, Glad stone and Bright. When Alice weut for a few weeks to stay with Mrs. Walter Aunesley, and accompany heron a short visit to London, the same political euthusiasm, centreing about the sarao individual, prevailed at her table, and the two iadios one night went to the Ladies' Gallery aud were eye-witnesses to the spectacle of GerVase in the act of serving hie country. Alice subsequently narrated the details of this moving scene to the hero's parents ; told how he sat at case with folded arms on one of tho comfortable benches and listened to a long debate, sometimes ifiakiug notes and sometimes yawning till the tears came into his eyes, and now when a division occurred be solemnly went on his own side and did liis duty like a man. Aud somehow the more Crenrase was deified by those dear old people tho more warmly iid Alice feel towards him, and tho more enthusiastic Sibyl waxed upon the poli tical topics which were especially her brother's tho dearer both brother aud sister became to her. Then a great sorrow visited that tranquil hearth ; Mrs. Hickman's guileless and simple spirit passed away, ufter a bticf sharp illness. (To-be Continued.) 