(DbUDren. . My Littlo Neighbour. A stormy Jano day. How stosdily the rain foil and how . tho wind moaned. But any ono looking into oar ohosrlnl sitting- room mast have forgotten tbo state of tbo weather, for a bright fire - snapped and ornoktod in tbo grata, and Olaira Wilson was eoated on tbo haarth-rog jnst at my lost with a gray kitton in her arms. Olairo'o happy loco mado sunshine ell nboiit. Ilor dolt was sleeping upon my khco wbila I basily workod at a pink parly dress for Miss Miriam Ydllo.wt'rcss ; quits a long nsma tor a rather small doll : it took Olaira threo days to think of it. You sea Miss Miriam Yoliowtress bud been invited to a dolls' party, and so Olaira, my-liitla next door noighbor, bad como in to talk it all over with me. . " And eho obeli wear her bluo silk droos with tha blue oaoh again," announeod Olaire, smoothing hot doll's onrlB tenderly. " She ought to have another party dress," I said, "How wonld pink silk do!" " Beautiful 1 It would juet suit her ohcoke, Miss May," oriod Olaire. " Well, sho shall havo ono ol that colour, then, and I'll mako itlor her." , I ran away for tbo material, whioh Olaire pronounocd " jnst lovely." 11 It's apiece ol ono ot my danoing-sehool drcesci — 1 woro it when I was not muoh bigger than yon aro, Olaire," I said. " And now dollv mnnt hn mnaitirnl." And fid sho was, and tbo drqss onco fairly otartcd pro gressed rapidly. Mies Miriam Ycllowtress dozed before tbo. fire, Olaire- bugged her kittco upon tho hearth- rag and chatted blithely to me as I rooked and hammed and at longth finished tbo simple trained skirt. Then tho tioy waist was commenced, and Olaira, growing icsllaea, oommcaocd dnncing aboat tbo room and tlnginp, or pauccd to lean against my choir and bestow on oarhest kiss upon my oheok. "Shall I road you a story, Miss May f" asked Claire. " Yos, pot, do," I eald. So sho ohoso a book from tho centra table and ourlcd herself up on tho rug at my fcot again. Now Clairo ie six years old, and can read very well if oho takoa timo to pazzlo the long wordB out. This timo Bha nevor seamed to notioo whethor tho words wero long or short. Tho title of tbo book sho held was 41 Longfellow's Poems," and this is GlaSro'fl siory ; 4 Onoo thero was a littlo girl who want to eahool every day, almost, but onco in ft whilo, when it stormed, her mamma wonld givo her a holiday. Sho almost always spent tho holiday with a young lady who livod next door to her. Clairo— I mean tho littlo giil— loved this young lady, oh, very, very muohl" Hero Clairo osugbt my bond and gavo it a W&rmsquEczo.; 44 A lovely bird sang &U; day long in tho window ol Mies May's Bitting-room, aud gold-flah swaui forever in a globo. Tho box in tho window. Once I carried a bonob homo that Misa May bed given mo, and tboy wcro so sweet every ono wanted to know v?hero they camo from, and I told them, and Unolo Wilbur took one ond gavo mo a largo oranrfo for it.14 44 Now, Olaire," I cried, 41 yon ore Just making all that op 1" 44 No, it's all truo— it's a trno story," said Olaire, earnestly ; then eho said, 14 Thcro's a nioo kitty at Miss M&y;'s; it will como to mo when I call it— it hasn't any name bnt kitty, I think it ought to have a name be sides that." 41 You cau'givo it ono now, if you want to," I said. 44 Oh, can I?" cried Clairo, bo joyously that any one might hivo fancied. I had just mado ber a present of fivo pounds. 44 Well, would Minnie do for a name 7 No— it would tako too long to call — something short. Lit mo seo. Fan— I don't 'sactly liko that— oh, /know I Lit's call ber Pinky. Pinky, dear, conning Pinky, look op 1" To' Claire's delight, tho kitten raised her littlo gray head and looked up, , 41 Sho likes bar name; sho almost laughed, she's so pleased !"oricd Glare, esoitedly. "Then, after petting puss a few momohts, eho pioked up her book and went on with her story: — 4 Miss Hay and 1 go to the eamo ohurob ; Bha teaohos mo in tba Sunday eahool ; thero bro four other girls in the oUss and each one wants to bit by Miss May, so wo have to take turns at it, Christmas Miss May gave mo a. most beautifal book with a green and gold cover, and a pioturo with a shepherd holding a doar littlo lamb in bis arms. I read tbo book Sundays. Toon ono day when 1 wsb Dp-m UUo M&y;'s room, ouo opanod a drawer in her desk and gavo mo a lovely gold i enoil. I often wear it around my neck by a ribbon. TJholo Wilbur has a splondid horse that ho calls Saltan; sometimes ho lakes mo oat for a drive on his tall c&rt;— Bo often takes Mus May out. My doll is going to a grand party next week ; she will wear a pink silk drees; aud ber first train— it's going to look beautiful, and after tbo party I'm going to tell Miss May all about i. Miss May is making tha dresB ; sho is sitting near mo, and her ohcoks aro as rod as roses. 1 think obo uits too' near tho Ore, for her cheeks &r3; hardly ever so red." 44 It is- warm," murmured Miss May. ' "Next summer wo. aro going to have & cottngo by tho seashore. I Bhall dig with olam-shcUs in tho eand ovcry day and build fort. Mitis May isn't sowing now she's rooking herself to aud fro, and so I'll stop reading." Then Clairo and I probocdad to array Miss. Miriam Sn tbo party drcsa that 1' bad just completed ; it set off her blondo loveliness to perfection, and bUo' looked eo fasoicatmg that wq felt compellod to kifffl bor for boing bo pretty, .lndocd, Clairo' was so ploascd that sho clnppsd hor bandu with delight, : nnd thon pranced all around tbo toom, finally npriuging Into my atms arid nearly smothering mo withkieses, ' Then Aftun Ycllowtrc33 vrns takoo' Into tbo .next room to mamma. I could hear Gluro's- eager voice explaining and admiring it' all, and mamma's comments ; and thon back the littlo girl came fluttering to my eida like n; bird. Miriam Yollowiroeis was laid upon tho table, and then, without so muoh as " by your loavs," Clairo sprang into my arms and dropped her goldon head npon my aUvUiUuf. t " Noiv it's my tura; Miss Miriam Yeliowx trees baa bad you for a long timo. Toil ma a story, Miss Moy; ploeso." ' So 1 told ber about tbo day that kitty was brought to my door ia n littlo basket— a pre sent from a aousinof mino who was going South for tbo winter, I told ber bow straugo kitty -felt at first, and mowed and mewed, and oven scratched ma. when I took her up in ray arms and tried to comfort ber. . But kitty and I wore now tbo best ot friends, aud sho bad forgotten to Iccl louoly. Thon wo want to tba window nnd looiiod out at tbo rain. It dashed against tho win-: dow-psno, and tho wind shook tbo: trees until tboy swavqd and bent beforo tho blast, as though trembling and afraid of its fury. Tbo sky was lowering ; aomo of tho oiouds wcro of an inky blackness. Wo sat there until twilight oarao on, and still it rainod. - J' Don't yon feci awfolly lonely, Mies May?", said Clairo. . ".I do. I liko to foci bo somo-' times." " What a fnnny obild you aro I" I said. "IIow can you liko to fool lonely, pet?" " Well, solemn, thon.' Do tell mo a ghost story pleas-,." . ' , .. "Not, I, sweetheart. Besides, I dpn't know ono to toll, asl rover read iboro. Tsks my advice,: Clairo— never llston to ghost stories; you may laugh at them in broad daylight, but whon you awnho, at night they jtill sci;m very, '.different.1-1 . A storm of wiud steok the csscmetit.; hat' wsa mingled with tho rain. Then mamma entored tho zoom and oro'n-tned ; " Why, how dismal you bath look sitting thero in tho dark with you arms around oaoh otherliko tha babes in tho wood," The oheory voice broko tho epoll ; wo left" the etorm to taka care of Itsolf, ' I ltghted tho lamp with Its nmber-tiated globe, stirred the firo till it snapped and blazed up oheer- folly, drew the crimson curtains ' together, and all in & momsnt our dusky room was transformed. How doltoiously coBy and comfortable it ccomcd I Olaira and I bad a: merry timo— a gay, good timo— until somo ono camo to tako my littlo friend away from me. \- Aud tho dolls' party ? Oh, it was a grand success, and, host of all, Mies Yoliowtress. was tho hello of tbo ball. 