FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW. A NOVEL BY DORA BUSSEL, Author of "THE MINEB'S OATH," "THE VICAB'S GOVERNESS," "ANNABEL'S RIVAL ," &cM; &c.; «. You were dreaming, I tbink," said ."^u^Ay what did I say?" lie asked a mToS'?"S; wiy." «?»«"? n.u -« bufc you startled me. And the ?hi uv down on the couch again; hiding ? l/n'J under a coverlet-unable to forget S' ound of the dead man's name AlnS l this Vision of Dick's was but a beg . Z8 frigtful attack of brain delirium ginning of atrg ^ £ the following £ call aloud on Harry name®, and apparently to .trug?>° £the most Violent throes with some m '''tctSp'SEWabeffi rise: and .ailed taeenthe blind «»J lho win^ phising it as if it were some living fearful hl°®home on 1" he cried, waving his arms , Why I you stand there ? Why. do you beckon xal, Harry Tyrell, to follow you fcb^He tWnks°Tt's Harry Tyrell's ghost,*' aaid Hal Horton, in a frightened whispei, in Elizabeth's ear. , ..He's got delirium tremens,' said J3ob, more coolly, "we had better send for the d°?fNoLno?Bob,'' answered Lissa, shrink i^ly!" lei us koe*> it ;> Secret between U8«" He was sure to take .. going on as he's been doing. He dianlc n, bottle of brandy yesterday, I m.certara.^ '. Let us* put in the shutters, and light ?he eas " said the pratical Hal, recovering hia presence of mind and natural sharpness nPifs the moonlight on the siiow that makes him think t?;^or^a^Ty3rTl like this this the night after Harry lyre Wl" Yes*" said Elizabeth sliudderingly," put in the shutters. Hal; light the gas and the Sr« Diok' i" SW nunataal voice, a. Hal Saehed ,n the Aut tarn " Gone beckoning-beckoning still And he sprang out of bed, and endeavour ed to leap out of the window, hut was fore ihlv held back by his two young brothers. Sis delerium changed iu charaoter affcer 7T a c ,«?roera lit and he fancied that bS"OS S bed, and feeding ^^ b°a kept *Xet»B S tonnage himlwhenta. ttjj. mood ; and all the rest of the night Elizabeth Sfd the two young Hortons sat up with him; Elizabeth soothing and humoring him as Axhausted and feeble in the morning that Elizabeth grew alarmed, and dared no longer resist sending for the coun try dootor near, who, when he arrived, shook his head and tapped his forehead. «' Ah," he said, " brain, brain-an over wrought brain What has he been taking, M^'s^ncet0poor uncle's death," hesitated Elizabeth, " I fear that poor Dick has been tdkiner too-much-" ' «< So I thought," said the dootor, shaking his head again, and having all the time a fnll and complete knowledgetof the fact from the gossip in the neighbourhood, ''nervous excitability unduly developed by. the over use of stimulents. A sad case, but not un, common-every cxeuse m the oase of Mr. Eichard.too, after the unfortunate acoident when his poor father lost his life. All day Diok continued to be very ill, but towards night he grew quiter, and'whenthe doctor came in the evening he thought that the attack was yielding to treatment, and prophesied that Dick would soon be well. Elizabeth and Bob agreed to sit up with him, and as the night wore on Bob grew weary, and slumbesed in his chair, but to wards midnight a violent attack of horrors once more seized the unfortunate Dick Again Elizabeth heard Harry Tjrells name shrieked forth in tones of intense dread and fear; again with starting eyes Dick ' seemed writhing with an unseen foe, while great drops of dew broke out on his ghastly feIt' was " Harry Tyrell! Harry Tyrell! » always, until Elizabeth grew sick with fear; fancying even that Bhe too saw a pale shad ow in the dark corner of the room, resem blinff the form of the youug man who had been carried into the dining-room on the morning that his lifeless body had been f°?.t Bob !" she said going up and wake ning laer sleeping broth er-in?law, who star ted up and rubbed his eyes. " What is |it ?" he said. " I declare I was dreaming-dreaming of Harry Tyrell s ^"He is calling on him again," said Eliza beth, shivering and creeping nearer to Bob. « D011>t beckon, don't beckon any more! c< I'll come ! " And again as on the prev ious night, he Bprang up, and again had to be forcibly restrained by his brother and Elizabeth. Night after night for nearly a week, these dreadful attacks came on until Elizabeth was utterly worn out with watching, while a va»ue and dread suspicion began to creep hito her mind. In the morning* and during the day, Dick was always quiter, but at night violent paroxyams shook him from limb to limb ; and he invariably addressed the same Bpectre that he fancied was in the room. Then little by his delusions grew less vio lent, and gradually yieided to the doctor s treatment, and in about ten days^tffter his first seizure Diclr, pale, stricken, and changed, was once morfv-able to appear downstairs. X' , , . Sir John Tyrelj^called to ask how he was Aui'iug hie ilhaess, and saw with real regret dreadfully it bad told upon Elfrabeth .was nervous to an alarming ex , at the least noise, and her istate left very painful impression upon Sir Johns I joiu my son in Paris next week," lie iT-is hewell ?"felterea Elizabeth. Not very well, I faucy," ans%vered bir " I do not think that he has^ evei verv "well since he went to China. »No» said Elizabeth, and a ehoking spasm rose in her throat. Sfcra^g® d°^is. i0detetT mtolgi mf diaTe mlty of Harry Tyrell haunt Dick's disordered brain Sluob strange pertinaeity t Was tee any reason other than his father / for his settled gloom, his suHeii and detei minate remorse ? These thoughts had re curred again and again to Elizabeth s mind during the dread midnight hours wlien Dick held his ghastly converse with the dead. His broths: Bob! too had looked at Eliza beth once or twica with uneasy fear m his gfance, when Dick repeated and repefad tones of thrilling horror, Harry Jyr®'18 name, always fancying that he was] b^kon mg to him, or calling on him to follow him through the snow. At last Bob spoke. . . . "Lissa," he said, in an awe-struck whis per, " can there be anything in this- can Dick-" And his looks told the rest. » God knows 1" answered Elizabeth, and the two sat still and silent,not uttering even to each other the doubts and fears which involuntarily had struck them both - They never mentioned it again. DICK sot better, and came downstairs looking the fhost of his former self, and nervous and irritable to a frightful degreei; but ap parently he had got a fright abQut dnnking , the doctor indeed, who was himself a little red-faced man with strong alcoholic pro clivities, had warned him of its fatal conse ^ " Another such attack, Mr,.Richard, he had said, shaking his head as usual when he wished to bo very emphatic, " and I dare not contemplate the consequences, ^pi lepsy, my dear sir, lunacy, ldioicy, death all might be produced. I do not on principle object to stimulants " (people said the doctor certainly did not); "but when the desire for them is overpowering, unre strainable in fact to a reasonable quantity, then I say, my young friend abstain. is a case that requires total abstinence be wise therefore and use it." And having given this advice the doctor left, calling at the nearest ale-house on his road to have a glass of hot brandy and water, as tje morn ing was chill. CL i One of Dick's greatest horrors after his illness was to go to bed, and he used to beg and pray them to sit up late, falling asleep many and many a. time through pure ex haustion in his chair. . .. It was difficult to spend the long winter nights, and so. Elizabeth proposed whist ('though she disliked cards), by way^ol amusing Dick, and the three elder cousins used to sit and play sedately and soberly, Hal being the only lively one of the party. "My belief is," Baid this boy one night, " that if I were prematurely cut off, that the proverbial ditchwater would be spark ling in comparison to the liveliness of .my remaining sorrowing family. Lissa, my dear, if farming gets worse don't you think that Dick and Bob would make their for tunes as mutes ? Yes, the undertaking business is certainly open to our family. _ Only a very feeble laugh was raised in answer to this sally, and it was no dxrabt true that the family circle at Wendell farm was now a very dull one. Every day they missed the farmer's cheery good-nature, who ever ready with his jest and his laugh, had made small grievances seem lighter, and larger ones easier to bear. He was gone now', and his honoured name could never even be mentioned in his household. Dick was to be kept quiet and amused, the doctor said, and " father" therefore was a word now never heard at Wendell West- house. As the anniversary of poor Harry Tyrell's death drew near, Lissa felt a strange but perhaps not unaccountable dread of its approach. Dick since his re covery had had no more frightful dreams or visions apparently, but he often talked still in his restless sleep, and had twice given Elizabeth a terrible fright by walking in Each time when she awoke and missed him, the idea of suicide had occurred to her mind, but on rousing Bob and Hal, Dick, asleep, with half open, fixed, expressionless eyes, was discovered, once near the door of an unfrequented large attic room in the rear of the house, and another time trying apparently to undo the fastening of the house door. Everyone in the house remembered what day' it was when the pale winter morning dawned at Wendall on the anni versary of Harry's murder. Elizabeth had watched it's first beams of light appear with deep emotion, perplexity, and regret stirring in her heart. She scarcely dared to look in her husband's face, though when she did his knitted brow, his pallor, and restless and excited ways, added not a little to her painful curiosity, to her unsatisfied and anxious doubts. No one spoke of it at breakfast; no one until Hal, with boyish carlessness, said "D'ye know what day this is, Lissa ?" «' Yes, yos," said Elizrboth hastily. " The seventeenth of December," went on Hal." The day when Harry Tyrell was-" (To be Continued.) 