From tlie Curate to tlie Convent. CHAPTER XVII. CALCULATIONS NOT DESTINED TO BE DISAPPOINTED. Momentous events often turn on what we consider trifling incidents in our daily history, and Saokville lived to discover that this small matter exercised a vital influence over his future career. He soon found himself in close intimacy with the/ family at the Hall, perverts though they were. Sir John was his father's old college friend. Lady Pottin- car wflfl fnrtrflmalv fi-ffflhla' hnflnifcnhlA. nnd kind. Father Ourwen was the best of good fellows, a great traveller, a keen sportsman, a charming talker, an excellent boon companion, not exhibiting the least, tinge of religious bigotry. In faot . it was said that no one could- discover, that he was a Papist, much less a Popish priest. ' To the subjeot of Pro testantism versus Romanism or vice versa he declared he had a decided antipathy, and wondered why Protestants and Catholics could not let each other alone ; for his part he thought people might as well let their religious differences b umber, and both parties try and cultivate peace and good- will." The foreign tutor, Alphonsns Sforza, was very gentlemanly, but more reserved than the rest, perhaps beoatise he was a foreigner, and had not yet accommodated himself to English modes of social intercourse. The beys were under his charge, Father Ourwen occasionally superintending their studies and attending to their religious culture. Sackville could not but feel gratified at the kind reception given him at Saokvillo Hall, nor help contrasting it with the treatment he sometimes received from certain Protestant families at Qeathfield, whore be was known from his youth, and might, as he said, have expected a more cordial welcome. He did not reflect that it was that long and familiar acquaintance with him which deprived him of the love and respect of the families in the neighbourhood. His father and mother, especially the latter, had taken care in his training that no one should love him bat themselves, for, by their absurd and criminal indulgence of him in his childhood and boy hood, they made him so insufferably selfish, rude and inRolent, that when be grew up he was excluded successively from every respec table house in the parish, after having in some cases been subjected to rather bumilia- . ting treatment by the male occupants, who resented his conduct and rather forcibly in timated that they could dispense in future with his company. We can imagine the pain this must have inflicted on his parents, but they had reared him for their own present gratification, as too many parentB do, and not for his future welfare or the good of others, and now they had the mortification of per ceiving that sooiety flung back upon their hands the object of their foolish partiality, in whose domestic culture the feelings and interests of those who compose it had not been taken into acoount. He rejoioed, therefore, all the more to have the doors of Sackville Hall thrown wide open to him, and he soon found himself in a posi tion to avenge himself of the residents in Heathfield by taking part in a conspiracy against their civil and religious liberties, con ducted with the most consummate craft and with untiring diligence by the oocupants of the Hall. In fact the Hall was a nest of Jesuits of which Priest Cur wen waB the parent bird, and over which he ruled with despotic sway. Sir John Pottinger was a lay brother of the order, a tool in the hands of the priest, and his whole family solemnly dedicated to the interests of the community . -—that is, to the Pope of Rome, although the Saoiety of Jesus, as it is impiously called, did not consider Itself at all times baund to main tain the interests of the Papal Sea in prefer ence to its own. Sackville Hall, while ostensibly rented by Sir John, was really re garded as the property of the general of the Jesuits at Rome : of course Sir John paid the rent, but that he did as a faithful brother of the order and devoted servant of the successor of St. Peter. The Hall was intended as a centre of Jesuit influence. It was selected as such beoause the ciroumstanoes of the parish and neigh bourhood were as well known at Rome ab at Heathfield, or anywhere else in England. They had been accurately described by trusty emissaries, and exhaustively discussed befora action was taken. The views and practices of the vicar of Heathfield and of other rectors, vicars, and curates in the diooese were ascertained, also the various shades of Romish proclivity in their sermons and ser vices, and the growth whioh they exhihited from year to year in Churchism as contrasted, with Christianity. On a fall review of the diocese generally, with the bishop at its head, and of the parishes more particularly and their respective incumbents, the state of things appeared on the whole satisfactory; for while the High Church party were mani festly seen to be moving forward in the right —that is, the Romish — direction, the Evan gelical party were either standing still, not Im proving their position in the least, or more or less conforming to the retrogressive practices of their High Church brethren. CHAPTER XVIII. EVANGELICALS SLUMBER, BUT GOD IIAS HIS WATCHMEN. Nothing appeared to the conspirators to be so promising as the polioy, or rather non- policy, of ; the Evangelicals, as they are called,, some of them happily deserving the name as both believing and proclaiming the glad tidings of solvation by faith in a orucified and risen Saviour, while others were but little entitled to it. That policy Beemed to consist in a simple laisses faire as regarded the sacerdotal party, and a nervous abstinence from any course that would appear to endanger, the existence of the Established Oharch. It is this that leads even good men rather to identify themselves with the most pronounoed Ritualists, that is, the most decided enemies of the Gospel of Cnrist in the Oburoh of England, than with the most devoted servants of the Lord Jesus out of it. Abject fear of Dissenting antngonism to the Establishment blinds their eyes, to the fact that the extreme High Ohurch party are more deadly enemies to tho Church than any Non conforming body could possibly be, and that, in making things easy for tho retrogressive projects and practices of the former, they are propipilaling with fatal certainty the disaster which they seek to avert. When the nation, that fought so -hard in past times and paid so dearly for the Reformation comes to bo a little more enlightened as to tho designs of Romanisers in this country, it will speak out upon the subject of a National Church, labouring to deprive it of its civil and re ligious liberties, and to hand it back bound and blindfolded to the tender mercies of Rome. And when that day comes there will be a terrible retribution exacted, not only from the open sympathiser!! with Romanism but from thoso also who, professing to be opponents of such a traitorious policy, not only: refrained from denouncing those who employed it, but actually admitted thorn to Christian brotherhood, on the plea that, though they were enemies to tbe Cross of Christ, they were friends to tbe National Church, thus drawing a broad and dark line of demarcation between tbe religion of the Church and the religion of Jesns. The appointment of Mr, Bnyiey to the curacy of Heathfield was hailed at the Hall as an event of no little importance. His ante cedents were well known, and his influence in the parish and parsonage seemed all that could be desired as an auxiliary of no little value in the war to be carried on against Pro testant light and liberty. Tbe position also in which he stood with regard to Florence Bumford was viewed as a circumstance of no mean value. Naturally her talents and attainments would befenlisted in tbe service, and could be utilised aB they were needed. \- There was one important fact connected with Florence which did net eecnpe the lynx eyes of the priest. She had a large fortune in her own right, her military brother having re cently died abroad, unmarried, and left to her, as his favourite sister, all that he possessed. This is an element of qualification for Church membership that the Church of Borne never underrates. And then came the weak, yielding character of the vicar, just ench a one as clever rogueB and impostors love to encounter, especially if they have a strong idea of their own sagacity and resource. Poor Mr. Bumford could not take care of the Church of God, for he could not rule his own house,0 as the Apostle required a bishop or presbyter of the Church to do. He was in the handB of his wife and daughter, who with the aid of the curate, would, it was thought, answer for his readiness to be used in the interests of Jesuitism whenever the occasion for siioh use should arrive. Thero wore, however, difficulties to be encountered, and these the conspirators did not undervalue. Mr. Steele had his eye upon them, and did not hesitate to tell his people that he had his suspicions jof them and their movements. Major Knox openly denounced the perverts from the first, and never could tolerate the priest, whose bland manners and liberal speeches only made him all the moTo distrustful of hiB presence at Heathfield. He knew the caBt of Bomish priests well from his residence in Italy for some years, and his frequent visits since that to Rome. He could not be pursuaded that some sinister object was not connected with Priest Curwen's residence at the Hall, and he predicted with confidence its gradual development. Un fortunately Major Knox was too much Major Knox to be liatened to ; that is, he was always bo outspoken on the subject of Popery that he came to be creditrd with a kind of monomania in connection with it. So his warnings and vaticinations came to be treated as the ebullitions of a disordered fancy — a view which was tenderly fostered by the priest and bis coadjutors. Mr. Golding and his daughter were an tagonists to the Bomish parly by no means to be despised. Mr. Golding had been a great traveller, and, like Major Knox, he had seen Popery and its workings in many lands. He was a truly Christian man, and while perhaps not so well posted up as Major Knox in the history and literature of Bome, he had quite as muoh detestation of it from its flagrant and daring contradictions to God's whole scheme of redemption in Christ, and its satanic policy of transferring the crown of mediatorial sovereignty from the head of the Holy One of God to that of any wretched mortal, however mean, brutish, or debauched, who, by whatever scheming and lying, succeeded in getting himself made Pope, and being called blasphemously the Vicar of Jesus Christ. He had seen with disgust and horror the effects of Papal teach ing and tyranny, and be blessed God for the Beformation which had rescued his country from sacerdotal bondage, and thereby exalted her among the nations of the eartb. He was not likely to look tamely on at any attempt to bring England again under the Papal yoke, and therefore he was so far a difficulty in the way of Father Cur wen and Co. Of Julia Golding's competency to compre hend the situation wh<n olearly brought to her notice we may foim an opinion from her controversial interview with the foreigner. A few years beforefhis she had been a member of -Mr. Steelols Bible-class. There she was taught not only the positive but the . negative side of Christianity— not only what the Scrip tures said but:, what they did not say— notably the Bomish doctrines with which tbe Holy Ghost was libellonsly charged, but which Bbe indignantly repudiated. Mr. Steele, knowing what he did of Bome -and her taotics as r< gurds England, believed himself charged with the solemn duty of fortifying the minds of his pupils with at least; a general view of the controversy between: England and Bome ; and among those who profited moBt by bis instruction on that subject was Julia Golding. Tbis she found very useful in her occasional visits to tho Continent with her father, where, through her acquaintance with two or three of the Continental languages, she was able to converse with Bome of the poor dupes of the Bomish system, and not unfrf quently to their rejection of the foul imposture for the saving truths of the GoBpel. She was, however, so little reliant on her own powers that she constantly resorted to Mr. Steele either for information or advice, whenever she had occasion to use the weapon which he had put into their handB, and whioh the state of the Bomish question in England at the present moment should warn all faithful ministers of Jesus Christ to put into the hands of their peoplo, young and old, in preparation for the deadly conflict between truth and error; light ' 1 Tim. iii, 5. ' and darkness, which is coming on with rapid and certain strides, not only in England, tut throughout the world. Then that dear girl Mary Bumford was found faithfnl enough to be counted a difficulty by the cabal at the Halt Un- weariedly she watched and prayed and pro tested, but with no apparent success. Her father had been visited with bodily infirmity, and she became his constant companion, reading to him, talking with him, and accom panying him in his walks and drives whenever disposed to go out. This privilege she highly valued, not only because of her love to her parent, whom she pitied, while compelled to lament and condrmn his ministerial unfaithfulness, but for the oppor tunity afforded her of leading the mind of the sufferer to the one glorious subject whioh filled her own heart — Jesus and His finished work, of which Bhe felt with sorrow he knew so little, and from which he derived no consolation in his hour of pain and weakness. She laboured with sssiduity and address, not forgetting to look up for aid. She knew that tho result depended on tbe sovereign will of Him in whoee hands are the hearts of all men, and " to whom belong tho issues from death." Ps. lxviii. 20. 