[?] TobCHTOairaij- .-erf-' =cri \- i. - ' - / The bad handicapping fdfr Brookfcon" and Northam of which I spoke in my last hp : drawn down the most severe comments in both the Perth dailies,1 and I feel bound to admit that these were fully deserved. I was inclined at tiie fitet glance to think the AliAiAimMaaa nrnwa «At fin CO flia lnntfAP ones, nor are they as regards the top weight, who is not shut out, as in the longer ones, from all chance, of winning but they are more unfair to the colonial bredp. Progress, Lowlander, and Hero are actually made toeoncede weight to Gunpowder and Foot print, though the latter carrying 8st 51bs rtin close np -'to. ' the winner in; the Derby, which was won in 2 mm. 43 sec., and though the former when far from fit ran a very close race to Duration for three-quarters of a mile at weights for age in the Town Plate, show ing that though the first mile and a quarter was done in a slow canter, he |>oss eased great speed, and- only .needed condition to make him formidable even among .losers of his own class.: Again, we have Valentine and Lyttle- , ton bracketed with ' Footprint, while Arrfb ; Steed whq beSat $h£ first-named horse for the Perth MMdep, jpepeivea from bim in a race oVerthe same' mstance the trifle of lOlbs. . Hie oblonial oreds would not have a show. Progress, Hero, and Lowlander, carrying 7st, would never see either HunpOwder or Footprint at 6st 101b in a mUe and a half, nor would they approach- Duration at lOst 71b, or War Cry at 9st 31b over that dis tance. All that can be said is that in the inile and- a half handicaps there are four horses out of ten in the race, while in the longer ones there are at most only three out of -eight in thelrace — the favored homes being in each case imported thoroughbreds. The favourite for all four handicaps — the two at < -Brookton and the two -at Northam — is Foot print, who wifl have had fulltime to com plete her- preparation, and may be expected bti 1121TC w UK Uiiouu ' WUiWU only just showing itself in January, and be able under her feather weights to stay as well as gallop, But she will have formidable competitors in the mile and a half races in Dniation, War Cry, and Gunpowder, and in the two and half mile races in Gunpowder and Hinemoa. I anticipate the running for the long races to be very much after the fashion of that at Newcastle, but with a dif ferent result. Progress, who nnder 7st can certainly gallop,will go at top speed, while Hinemoa will wait oh Footprint . and Gun powder. : It is .hardly likely the three im ported celebrities will let him get. so far ahead, an was done by oae of tliem at New castle, that they will not be able to .catch him, but it' may be .regarded as certain that he will go as far ahead as he can, while the others will he waiting on each other. It is not even impossible that the overconfidence of tiie others may give him the race. He. could never win on his merits, bat I should not be surprised to see him win by a fluke. IX in the condition he was in at Newcastle, he will be able to gallop without any percepti ble decrease in pace from start to finish, and I really should not be surprised to see . one of the twb "long handicaps to: be Newcastle over again', and of a race on the P- rtb course for the Quefen's Plate in which the riders of -West Au£|iAl?A, and yicteria were -so intent qn watjdijjfo; tA 'other;-4;hat they gave-the nice toV-a' mare whom they could have mth&bf; them beaten with the greatest ease, butwhom they let. get so far ahead that they could not catch her. Hero. I regard as quite as good a horse as Progress over any aistaaice,jBhort or long, but' It is not likely that hewill start, when be is made to give weight torsueh performers as Footprint and Gunpowder. Lowlander may also be expect ed to be withdrawn for the same reason. For the shdrter races it is not to be expected that any of the colonial -breds will stare, the weights being so dead Against them. This careless haridieapping is a great pity, espe cially when it comes after the almost equally haphazard handicapping for Perth, The two country meetings affected are nothing. But those persons who have horses in training for the Perth Autumn Meeting, and for York, ace /leyJ, . and hofsesitpP ; What ia ill worse, it, -jshakrii handi cap pe re JgaoeraHy, 'With SSra Rights iigmeiiatelyafter „the pertb when it was to ' easy to pnt the horses on a level, people naturally ask, how is'it going to be with the weights for Perth and York, and to question, themselves as to what is the use of training. It is however to be hoped that the weights for tbe twoiatter meetings will be adjusted with more&rfehfter; the uproar which recent handicapping aS bccasioned. The Bunbuiry races Which were last year raised to a position of some importance and which were to bring up the Southern race course to a level with Geraldtoh and York, have this year completely collapsed, falling below what they were evenrin years gone by before the rage for racing commenced. The Maiden fell to a two-year old of Mr. Locke's, called the Gear who won easily, beating. . three miserable cattle, and the great feature of the1 meeting, a handicap for 20 sovs, ended in a dead heat be tween Urella and Oberon — two horses from the stable— after taking\ three minutes to ran-- a mile and a halfo steamer went from Fre- mantle to take down thost mho Wished, to see .the.races, but it does not appear that the meet- ipg was well attended-or thafc many. persons either in thehstrict; or oat of "it took much interest in €$kt vms going on. The Pall Mall : Gazette says :— Apropos of the volume of the Prince of Wales' speeches ; published by Mr. John Murray, is it p'ennis- sable to wonder — iu the very lowest whisper — whether the Prince keeps a "ghost." Every statesman Who can affopd it includes this use ful adjunct in his- household ; and most of "the admirable speeches made by Mr. So-and- So yesterday were written the day before by Mr. So-and-So's private Secretary." Of course these little domestic details are not generally talked about. The only persons who make no secrecy about their ghosts aie American millionaires, one of whom in coming over to England and advertising once for a private secretary stated that the chief duties of the post would be to issue all his invitations and write all his speeches. ; "v \- Bollowag's Pitts and , Ointmerit. — -Bilious affections, with all thei anaoyan- cejsi induced by atmosyhferig jclmnges,'ori too liberal diet, shonld be cheeked ot once.-or- Peri ods consequenhet may 'ensoe. When any one finds his idea less clear than .usual, his eyesight dimmed, and his head dlzzy, accompanied by a disinclination for all excertion, physical or men tal, he ma be quite shre that he is in immedi ate need of some alterative medicine: Let at once send for aboxof Hollo ways' Pills a mild coarse of which will remove the symptoms and speedily renew his usnal healthful feeling If the bowels be irritable, Holloway's Ointment should be diligently robbed over - the stomach and liver every night and morning. 