A SPIRIT. r WnEns Ralph Atwood's young daunghter, e Evelyn, ran away from him with a fashionable o city man, who had been banging about the a place for a long while, the shock to her father f was very terrible. , sHe was one of a type common enough in New I England, rare elsewhere ; a man of education, f who cared nothing for the prizes of this world. If he wanted more money than he had, it was s merely to add new books to his library. There he spent all the time that he could spare from the small farm, which brought him, year in and year out, enough to live on. The house, with its quaint old furniture, had belonged to the s Atwoods in Revolutionary times, and was miraeulously preserved, having been built of un- h usually good material, but it was small and 1 plain. t He did a great deal of the out-of-door work with his own hands, and his daughter, whohad lost her mother in infancy, did all that was needed within. It was when she was spreading 1 linen to bleach upon the grass that the man who destroyed her happiness first saw her ; and I she was pretty enough to make any one linger to gaze ; fair and young, ant very graceful. Her father thought her us pure as a baby, and as innocent of all knowledge of sin ; and when i the truth burst upon him, it crushed him, mind, body, and one might have fancied, soul also. Be was ill for a long time, and during this time he leased his place to a young man who had I just married, keeping only the little end room where his books were, and where he had had i his had placed. Thogh he got about again, all his energy scoened gone hbunt I believe that he still hoped 1 that his Evvy would return to him some day, until news of herdeath reached him. It was a short, lad story. The mant for whose gke she had left her home had been fond of lier for a little while. He dresscd htr in lace and velvets, and gave hier jewels to wear and money to spend. Then his fancy took another flight, and he neglected Evelyn. One day her bonnet and a parasol were found by the river's edge. This little note was pinned to them. It was directed to the man who had been so cruel to her : "You will be glad to be rid of me, for you love me no more. Will you tell my dear, good father that I know a dead trouble will not be so hard to beer as a living shame, and that I hops he can forgeot me. . EPELYN. I shall never forget old Atwood'a face when lie read that letter. I was practising medicine in Grecnburn at the time, and I think that I kept him from dying then. My wife was very sorry for him, and we did all the little things we couldto mhkehimi comfortable. But he cared for nothing. Life had lost all interest to hiLm. And in this condition we left him when we moved to Boston. He seemed so hopeless, so lonely, so utterly without any object in life, that-I could not but feel that de th would be for him a release from suffering. Iowever, he was not permitted to die, while men who longed to live, and whose existence seemed necessary to ,others; were smitten down in their prime. One day, to my surprise, I met him in the street. He was thin and worn, but the dull look hd had hangol for one of excitement. He grasped my hand warmly. "I haven't forgot your kindness, .Dotor," he said, "I have not, indeed. And Mrs. -, I hope she is well." .I answered that we were both in good health, and inquired how long he had been in New York. "Two months," he answered. "Two months. They seem so long. So much has happened. I'should like to tell you about it, hut it is so noisy here, and it agitates me too much." " Come and take tea with us," I said, .' and we can have a long talk." '1Why, how kind of you," he answered. ", Bless my heart, how kind people are, and how. good Heaven is. Why, when despair seems to draw a dark curtain aboutyou forever, suddenly there shines a light, a-why, my dear, dear friend, you don't half know how good God is to us.". .He took both ourbands and pressed tbem.l "I go out so much," he said. "Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday afternoons. How lucky that this is Tuesday. I have it to give to you. I'll come." He squeezed my hand, let it go, and hurried away. I was great puzzled, and when Irenched home my wife shared my astonishment. Old Ralph Atwood, who had farmed his little land so simply, who had lived such a quiet life and spent his leisure time in reading works on which he could not even talk to his uneducated neighbours-a man who, after his wife died, loved one human being on earth, his daughter -a man on whom a crushing grief had fallen so heavily that his labours in the field had be come too hard for him, and that when I left Greenburn he had told me that he could find no distraction in his favourito volumes,. since on every pano he turned the msme or his dnaughter Evelyn and her sad history alone seemed written. This man, eager again-with engagements for certain evenings in the week-hopeful, and, above all, with such faith in the goodfness of God ; for never very religionus, the trouble that had befallen him had seemeil to make him utterly doubt the goodness of God, or that we were more than the sands of the desert, or those flakes of snow that melt as they fall to earth. "What can it be? What can it be I" my wife repeated. But we could not explain the matter, and were obliged to wait until Atwood arrived. He was prompt, however, and came into the room with a smile on his thin, old face His manner was more genial than I had ever fancied it could be; he shook. our hands warmly. " You are looking very well, iMr. Atwood," said my wife. "You notice that I" he said. "Ah I well, life is a very different thing to me now. I will tell you all about it. It is wonderful; eo wonderful that I cannot believe my own senses sometimes, and I am not sure that I can make you believe me. Still, with proofs at hand-" He stopped snd smiled, and crossing the room, stood before an engravinig of Mary at the tomb. " He is not here, for He is risen," he said. The tears were in his eyes, bhut he wiped them away quickly. We sat down to tea. When the little maid was gone Atwood looked at us earnestly. L" rieads," he sanid, " you are good people, and you are people who think. Doctor, yout know of such matters. DB6 yeaou beliere me a sane mnan ? Do I seen rational to you ?" soissuredly," I said. "I feel'myselfto be so," said he; "but I will shtake your faith in me in a few moments, when I tell you that ity dead daughter Evelyn has returned to me, as pstpable a presence as in her life. I have not only seeu her, but spoken to her, touchelld her, held her in my arms. My friends, I swear it to you." We said nothing. It was plain that this was true to him. He wenot on, "You know that boks whichi treat of the eupernatusal-- what we call the supernaturalJ were onlwaysainterestng to me," ho slid. " I never doubted the s:ories told by Kerner of the Seerces of Prcrorst. Because I did not undor stand a thing gave me no right to call it false. Who is it tlhat says, ' If a man believed only wlat hlie could comprehend, he would believe neither in God. in himself, in the stars which Tlletraiove hts head, Odr the hcrbage which is crushed beneath his feet?' But after my great trial I read nothing, as you know. I used to lie across my bed hour by hour, doubting God because Is would not let me die. I used to go down into the woods and lie there with the same feelings in my heart. One day I found a paper there. From force of habit I picked it up. It was a spiritualistic pper. A?lh i I see you stare. There was an account of a material izing seance tbat held me spell- bound." 11e paused. MIy wife had turned red and pale in a mnoment. I felt a sudden emotion of irritatios. This was what he was coming to. A-Ih," he said, looking at me, " so I hare shocked you. You do think me mad now. Well, my friends, I casnnot blame you; but let me tell you that that old newspaper has changed earth to heaven for me. I kept it. I came to Boston. I went to the house-that blessed house. I--I--." He gave each of us a hand. "And I saw my Evelyn there. Yes, dear friends, it is trueo; all true. She has kissed me. She has told me that she loves me. Why, it is nothing to die-nothing. Wee'are the same as we were hIere, only there is no trouble there, or any parting. Yes, it is true, this materialization." It was so plainly true to him. It was to mOt so horrible and cruel a deception that my soul sickened within me. "Whit do you seel " I asked. "A veiled face, over which tihe curtains are drawn in hastc, and this in a room too dark to see any thing plainly I" "No, no," he said. "I see Evelyn, and she has told me things no other could know; of how she used to play in the little closet in my library, keeping her toys there ; of her mother's portrait, waich she used to kiss before she went to bed; of the curious stones from Palestine that the minister ganve her; of the time a bird flew in at the window, and perched upon hbr shoulder. Oh, it is Evelyn. At first I could not realize it; but now-" Me paused and sipped his tea. "T?is is the first tea I have tasted for some time," he said. "It refreshes me greatly. I have not much money, you know, and these mediums are obliged to charge rather heavily, from a poor man's point of view. I live on bread and water, and I sleep in a very miserab:e lodging to save my fees ; bat what do I care if I can see Evelyn I" Oh, how cruel this deception was. I thought. How thqse deceivers preyed on the tenderest c feelings of the humanbheart. '' Come to-morrow evening, deer friend," 0 said Atwood. "You will see I Epeak from knowledge." " Yes, I will g5 with you," I said. "And then you will believe," he answered. "We will not talk about it until you have seen." It was late nest evening when I went with him to the house of the medium. In the par lour was a small assemblage of people, who took their places in a double semicircle about the "cabinet"-a curtained wardrobe set in a recess. There were respectable people and doubtful people amongst them. The regular habituds hailed Atwood in friendly fashion. "iHe is greatly blessed," said a mild old lady at my side. "Ilis daughter is a very strong spirit. I wish my husband would come as plainly, but I never see his fa.e." Then a sharp, caget face was thrust between as. " Matilda came illuminated last night?" said a voice. " How I rejoiced !" Then the face was gone, for is hush was upon the room. A coarse, strong woman had entered, c'lithdrawn the curtains from the cabinet, asked if anyone wanted to examine it, and permitted me to enter. My fingers, in liassing over the carpet on the floor, detected the hinges of a trap.door; but I said nothing. We took our seats, the room was darkened ; the medium entered into the cabinet, and a strange squeak ing noice proceeded from its depths. " Yellow Pigeon the Pawnee," we were in formed was addressing us. He was an Indian, and he talked like a dime novel savage. Finally he consented to appear. Somethinglike a feather duster waved between the curtains, and we were told that le had done so. I had been to these places before; I had seen all that followed-the usual gleamof white at the entrance of the cabinet; the rag doll on a stick that was supposed to be the soul of a departed infant; the medium, in theatrical costume, with a " lullo! my hearties," as a railor boy, drowned years before. MIy blood was boiling within me, when suddenly all was I silent. We were asked to sing. We sang-to drown the sound of something else, I knew--we sang, " Shall We gather at the River." to the squeak of a melodeon. Then the curtains parted. A voles aid : " Father, dear father." It was Evelyn's voice. The light groew a little stronger. I saw Evelyn's face. The curtains parted; she slipped out, clad in shimmering robes that draped her as a statue is draped, in clinging folds, her white feet bare, her white arms bare, her fair hair falling to her waist. " Evelyn I " The old man had hastened to the cabinet. He held her hand, and caressed it. "Come here, my dear friend," he said. " Do you doubt now 1" Doubt I Miy heart for a moment seemed to stop beating. Then I stood beside him. I touched the hand he held. It was no ghostly hand; I felt warm breath upon my cheek. I. touched hair that grew on a living heid. I clasped her about the waist. " Yes, that is Evelyn Atwood," I said. Suddenly the lights were all put out. In the darkness I felt a man grapple with me. iHappily I am powerfully built. I made my way to the door. My. cloak was on the hall rack-a military sort of overcoat, with a cape. I wrapped it about the girl, who clung to me, and made my way into the street. Our cab was at the door. I put the young creaturo into it. ' S"Let no one come near the carriage," I said. "Thrust me,: yer honour,": replied the coachman. I went back to the house. I had taken the precaution to come armed. The roos was light, the medium protesting that a "sceptic" had "grabbed". a spirit, and nearly every woman was in hysterice. My friend was sitting upon a sofa white as death. "Come," I said to him, "remember than truth is stranger than fiction. Your daughter lives." We" went together to the carriage. The girl only held her arms out to her father. He took her in his own. "Oh, I was so wretched," she said, "so miserable, so degraded. I left my things on the bank of the river. I did notdrown myself, and I dared not go home to the father I had disgraced. I tried to get work. This medium -this woman with her cabinet- oh, she is very very bad--engaged me to sew. Then she wanted me to play the part of spirit-I, who was dead to those I loved. It seemed very arting; I almost fancied' myself a ghost. I made money for, her. She was liberal enough to me, and if I refusel, starvation lay before me; and then one night my father camne. Oh, my father I and li embraced me. I never told the woman he was really my father. But, oh, to see him I to touch him ! And it made him so happy. You know the rest. Oh, how can you forgive ile ! " Again she clung to him. He folded her to his heart. "Love forgives everything, my child,'.' he said. They live in the old house together yet. .She. will never be joyqus again, but she is very mild and sweet ; and the last time I raw Ralph Atwooad, he was redating his old mystic lore again. "In spite of all, I know," he said, " I feel quite sure, that the spirits of lost dear ones do return to us sometimes." "At least," I answered, "we shall go to them." 