THE TRAGEDY. Qu:eque ipse miserrima vidi.-Vincni. CATIERnINE Of Cleves was a Lady of rank: She had lands and fine houses, and cash in the Bank; She had jewels and rings, And.a thousand smart things; Was lovely and young, With arather sharp tongue, And she wedded a Noble of high degree With the star of the order of St. Esprit; But the Duke de Guise Was, by many degrees, Her senior, and not very coasy to.pleasea; He'd a sneer on his lip, and a scowl with his eye, And a frown on his brow-and ihe look'd like a Guy, So she took to intriguing With Monsieur St. Megrin, A: young rmaiitof fashion, and figure, and \- worth, But with no great ireteislons to fortune 6r biithli; He would sing, fence, and dance, With the beet man in France-, And took his rappee with genteel eonchalantc : He smiled, and he flitier'd, and flirted with ease, And was very superior to Monseigneur deo Guise. Now Monsieur St. Megrin was curious to know If the Lady approved of his passion or no; So without more ado, He put on his sr tout, And went to a man with a heard like a Jew. One Signor Ruggieri, A Cunning-man near, he Could conjure, tell fortunie, iiid caiculate tides, Perform tricks on the cards, -and Ileaven knows what besides, Bring back a stray'd cow, silver ladle, or epoo00, And was thought to be thick with the MIan in the Moon. The Sage took his stand With his oand in his hand, Drew a circle, then gave the dread word of command, Saying solemnly-" Presto! - Hey, qick ! Cock-a-lorumt !/" When the Duchess immediately popp'd up before 'enm. Just then a conjunction of Venus and Iars, Or something peculiar above in the stars, Attracted the notice of Signor Ruggieri, Who "bolted," and left him alone with his deary. Monsieur St. Megrin went down on his knees, And the Duchess shed tears large as mar row- tfat peas, When-fancy the shock- A loud double knock, Made the Lady'cry. "Get up, you fool! there's De Guise ! " 'Twas his Grace, sure enough.; So Mon sieur, looking bluff .tt Strutted by, with his hat so, and fingeinghis ruff, While, unseen by either, away flew the Dame Through the opposite key-hole, the same way she came; But, olackl and alas! A mishap came to pass, In her hurry she, somehow or other, let fell A new silk Bandana she'd worn ai a shawl ; She had used it for drying Her bright eyes while crying, And blowing her nose, as her Beau talk'd of dying ! Now the Duke, who had seen it solately adorn her, And knew the great C with the Crosen in the corner ; The instant he spied it, smoked something amiss, And said, with some energy, "D- it ! what's this 1 " He went home in a fume, And bounced into her room, Crying, " So, Madam, I find I've some cause to be jealous ; Look here !-here's a proof you run after the fellows ! -Now take up that pen-if it's bad choose a better And write, as I dictate, this moment a letter To Monsieur--you knows who I " The Lady looked blue; But replied with much firmness-" Hang me if I do!" De Guise grasped her wrist With his great bony fist, And pinch'd it, and gave it so painful a twist, That his hard, iron gauntlet the flesh went an inch in She did not mind death, but she could not stand pinching; So she sat down and wrote This polite little note : "Dear Mister St. Megrin, The chiefs of the League in Our house mean to dine This evening at nine ; I shall, soon after ten, Slip away from the a And you'll find me upstairs in the drawing room then.; Come up the.. back way or these impudent thieves Of servants will see you; Yours CATineRIN OF CLLEVES." f She directeti S?id sealed it, all pale as a ghost, And Doe Gu?sh it it ihto the Twopenny Post. f St. Megrin had almost jumped out of his skin a For joy that day when the post came in ; He read the note through, Then began it anewl. And thodught it almost too- good news to bhe t tre.-- t He clapp'd on his hbat. And i hood over that, With a cloak to disguise him, and make him look fat; So greait his impatience, from half after four, He was waiting till Ten at De Guise's back door. When he heard the great clock of St; Gene vieve chime r He ran up the back staircase six steps at a time; He had scarce made his bow, He hardly knew-how, When aloe ! and alack ! - There was no getting'back, For the drawing-room door was bang'd to with aI whack ; In vain he applied To the handle and tried, Somebody or other had locked it outside ] And the Duchess in agony mourned her mis hop, "We ie caught like a couple of rats in a trai.ts Now the Duchess's Page, About twelve years of -ge, For so little a boy was remarkably sage; And just in the nick, to their joy and amaze ment, Popp'd the Gas-lighter's ladder close under the easement. But all would not do--Though St. Megrin got through The window--below stood De Guise and his And though never man was more brave than St. Megrin, Yet fighting a score is extremely fatiguing; He thrust carte and tinerce. Uncmnisonly fierce, But not Belzebub's self could their euirnasses pierce; While his doublet and hose, Being holiday clothes, 'Were soon cut throfigh anud through from his knees to his nose; Still an old crooked siapeunce the Conjuror gave him, From pistol and sword was sufficient to Eave him; But when beat on his knees, That con founded Do Guise Came behind with the "fogle " that caused all this breezd, Whlipp'd it tight round his neck, and when bacikward he'd jerk'd him, The rest of the rascals jump'd on him antL Burk'd him. The poor little l'age, too, himself got no quarter, but Was served the same way, And was found the next day With his heels in the air, and his head in the water-butt ; Catherine of Cleves Roar'd " Murder ! " and "Thieves !" From the window above While they mur der'd her love; Till, finding the rogues had accomplished his slaughter, She drank Prussie acid without any water, And died like a Duke-and-a-Duchess's daugh ter MORAL. Take warning, ye fair, from this tale of the SBard's, And don't go where fortunes are told on the cards ! But steer clear of Conjurors-never put query To "Wise Mrs. Williams," or folks like Ruggieri. When alone in your room shut thie door close,. and lock it; Above all-KEEP YOURI HANDKERCHIEF SAFE IN YOUR POCKEiT I Lest you too should stumble, and Lord Loae son Gower, he Be call'd on-sad poet !-to tell your sad story I Tire safe conservatism which never moves lest it fail, I abhor; it is the- dry-rot in the church, and my heart goes out to the man who never tolerated it in his calculations. Safe conservatism would hlave left the spostles in Palestine,- .. . 2 0 