A WARNING TO No. 2. (To the Editor of the Caira* Post.) Sm,-My heading at first sight suggests an interference in other people's business ; but I ask for the reader's indulgence until lie hears rot ont, when he will, I hope, acquit me of treading on ground beyond my boundary. That the people of No. 2 are quite capable of looking after their own affairs is an undoubted fact which I admit. They doubtless have heard of Mr. Kenny's tender solicitude for the welfare of us in No. 1 division. To. any ratepayer of No. 2 who may be ignorant of the fact, be it known that the chairman represented us for the last three years, and would feign represent us until Heaven summoned him to partake of the reward inseparable from the doing of good works in this vale of tears. This, how- ever, the considerate ratepayers of our divi- sion refuse to allow. They bare recognised Mr. Kenny's claim to a long vacation, and insist on him taking it, that it may prove recuperative to hi« menial faculties mo much over-taxed of late looking up the " law on the subject." Bot I am very sorry to say that our indomitable chairman don't at all relish our well-considered proposal to let him retire. It may be that Mr. Kenny is following the example of other imbeciles, who talk about dying in harness, forgetting [ that the ratepayers are not much concerned where they die, provided they cease to be an eternal source of annoyance to them. : It is the dotage begot of old age that prevent« : those men ïrom seeing how unwelcome they are on local boards. Notwithstanding our protest, he clings to the rain hope of a seat on thc board with serene pertinacity. The poor man has been first fiddler to the board for a long time, and he cannot understand why he is to hang his harp on a willow tree. Like Nero, Mr. Kenny, fiddled ad libitum while the rates dwindled away in useless work. The chairman can now sing the " Cruiskeen Lawn," it may help to soothe his disappoint- ment. There is no doubt that the chairman depends on No. 2, if he is credulous enough to believe that he has a show anywhere ; but his neglect of No. 1 stands before th« chairman like the awful shape of the spectre that stood before Brutus and promised to meet- him in Philippi. Should there "be noticed in what I saya rather ungenerous exultation over a fallen hero, I ask them to remember that I have no such intention. I consider the man deserves our commisera- tion more than censure, since he refuses to enjoy his vacation, which we all know he needs so much. There are Borne men so credulous that they cannot see realities, and amongst them is James Kenny, a fact that accounts for the faith that is in him in nominating himself for two divisions. To warn the astute ratepayers of No. 2 ditisisn about returning a man rejected by this division would not be at all complimentary to them. Well, that is not my intention, as I am well aware that the ratepayers of that dividion won't interfere with Mr. Kenny's well-deserved vacation by leading him into harness again. I noticed a fe w days since in a certain paper words to this effect : " Mr. Kenny's experience will be very useful to th« board/'... Tes, the ratepayers' experieaea. ot Hr. Kenny will be very nsef ol jost now i * it will enable them to dispense with his services. Farther on the same source says of Mr. Collinson : " He is a man here to-day and away to-morrow." To refer to Mr. Collinson as a man here to-day and away to-morrow is too shameful an assertion to . deserve more than passing notice. In look- ing over the names of the early pioneers of this district, whose pluck and energy has made it what it is, foremost amongst them, a prominent veteran, stands-William Hunter Collinson. Mr. Collinson experienced all the hardships and privations incidental to early settlement long; before' those who now try to rule the roost had seen the Fairway Buoy. Considering that the Board meets but once a month it gives ample tim« for any one to attend the meetings. The argument that he could not attend is as far fetched as that of the wolf is not in favour of devouring the lamb. Mr. Collinson has no tasto for the starch collar haunts of civilisation ; he is an Arcadian pure and simple, who knew every nook and corner in the district long before the spring- bottom couch gents, who now aspire to local representation, had a thought of coming here. Mr. Collinson ia too well known to require defending at my hands, and 1 speak more in behalfof those who have known him long than in vindica- tion of himself. I consider ¡tis a gross insult to his friends to refer to him as one might to a straggling swagman. The trumpet that Bounds Mr. Kenny's praise only brings him further down in popular estimation. The old gentleman would do better if per- mitted to paddle his own canoe, and, indeed, he has left sufficient water on the roads for that purpose. Foremost amongst the work* done during his administration is the survey done at Freshwater. This survey cost £80, and making a road there was as imprac- ticable as a road to the moon. Thia road was brought right through the late John Parker's selection. It would require fencing on two sides, as it went through quick sands, bog holes, and led to no place in particular. That was -C80 of the people's money gone, actually thrown away as far as the rate- payers were concerned. While all this was . wasted the ratepayers at . Kamer unga were paying an extra price for the carriage of their goods on account - of not having proper roads. At the Middle Crossing a more serious state uf things existed. Within the last two years two persons have been drowned there. Half the money expended on the trial survey would haye made the crossing safe topas».' AU the selectors over the range might ba drowned there for all the "Boss of the Board" cared. His thoughts were not centred in that patt of the district. For some time back Mr. Kenny has made our division an experimenting ground for hU exploring parties. If a new route is re- quired at any time he is sure to strike on st wrong track. He reminds ni« in bis read making capacity of a man who wanted to get off the right track. His survey of the Freshwater track last year, after repeated protests from the selectora of the Valley, goes to show that, there ia only one in it that is himself. I believe thc survey made : ! through the quicksands lastiyiar was 'sap posed to lead to a veritable forest of cedar, known only to the projector of the scheme. Whether it was a dream or a result of mythological study I can't say, but the tall cedars, whose grand stature was supposed to surpass those of Lebanon, turned ont to be '4 as great a myth as the white cassowary. Surveying a road in a wrong direction at the ratepayers' expense, and haying axes ready to cut down an imaginary forest, beats anything heard of in modern times, with, per- haps, the exception of Don Quixote giving liattlu to a heap of goatskins. Introducing Don Quixote's ideas into road-making isa thing we don't want in this division, and I am sure the ratepayers of Ko. 2 axe too practical for romancing. There ts a halo of romance about Mr; Kenny's maaUsgenient of the board since he became boss. However,: . bis mistakes may yet avail us something ; a . all events, it will teach ns to be cautious who we return on local bodies. The ex i perience the chairman has acquired ve are prepared to dispense with, and are ready to forego all claim to it, although acquired at j our expense. We hope that the example, he, has set will he yet productive of Rood equal to the km we have sustained. The lorn of the poor fellows who were drowned cannot be made up for, bnt I sincerely hope that their shades; like the ghost of Banqno, won't rise to rebuke the responsible party. I fear I tnufct say farewell to my dear old friend. 1 hope he will go into training as a parlia* m en ta ry candidate. These little boards are j too small for a man of such advanced idea*. -Tours, «c., ANDREW BANNING. Freshwater, Jan. 28. 