NiHEý MRYSTERY -OF THE PEARL. I.(rmO sB GIASOto wBai.Y cIzrrsr.) Many years ago vessels carried far heavier crews than at present, for nowadays the :g?rit aim of owners seems to be scrmnpin S'verything to the lowest possibln figure. I :epposo this arises from the greater cometi tion in trade, decrease of freights, and in crease of harbour dues and wages. At any rate, the old dunder-thumper brig rigged vessel. Pearl, hailing from the good port of Limerick, and about 300 tons or so, carried a crew of thirteen, including the cook and two boys-ono doing duty aft as head-steward and bottle-washer. She, of course, carried two mates, and, with the skipper, brought up the whole tally to sixteen hands. The great majority were Irish ; and I can tell you that among Irish seamen there is no happy medium-they are either first-rato o. useless when well out at sea and clear of the rog-shop; and the men on board of the 'earl brig were as smart a set of seamen as you could find on Limerick quays. The vessel was cleared out, bound to London inballat to tko in cargo for the port of Genoa. I don't know where the old mant naUlad from, as he had a name I never came across liefora-it was Jasper Trojan-and this might have fitted any country. He was a eowerful, thick-sot-looking man, between lorty and fifty, with shifty bead-looking eyes set deep back in his head, and was horribly disfigured with small-pox; alto gether he was anything but lovely in appear ance or polite in manners. I don t believe Captain Trojan ever washed or changed his linen-if, indeed, he wore any at all; he just rolled out of his bunk of a morning and bolted his breakfast, and then Sumbled up tho companion for a look round. The Pearl's cabin was just a kind of den aft, and hada screw down table.amidship and lookers all round-I don't suppose it was. above eight feet square by five high. Tho skipper had a bunker on the starboard side, and the mato one opposite. I was cabin Sbpy and steward, and slopt on the after transom, or on one of the lockers. The second mate and crow all bunked in the fore castle. Just you fancy a dark lole, with blach Sbeams and dingy floor, only lighted by a small booby hatch by day and slush lamp by ni ht, where it was impossible to sow or read {if anyone wanted to read), and reeking with all the abominations of tho Egyptians; and this was the dining saloon, -bed chamber, and retiring apartments of thirteen men, who seldom, if over, washed, and never changed a rag except when deluged with a green sea over.the bows. ' Now, just take a look at the Pearl as she Sblunders along under all plain sail, royals and "flying jib set-an old set of dingy patched c anvas - bowsprit steoved neatly up and Sdown, bluff sqnaro bows thumping the water i and sending the spray road off on each side, and unpainted bulwarks, the gren corroded copper up to the bends, and the standing sgging innocent of Stockholm, and not ia ratlin or footrope trustworthy a seaman's foot. She had a dingy fgurehead, represent ing. woman with a dab of crimson on cach cheek,' with eyes staring out to starboard, gazing intently and keeping a vacant look. out for nothing at all: Of all unromantio craft, that was most unlikely to have a lastirg history in tragedies and mysteries of the ocean, the Pearl was the' most unlikely looking, as she rolled and pitched along past the west coast of Ireland. Recent events in London and elsewhere, of butcheries- and fiendish deeds apparentli without aim or object, have brought back vividly tomy mind one of the most ghastly. episodes that over occurred at sea. Murder generally presupposes some motive -either revenge, greed, or sudden mania but there is no safegnard against the deliberate, carefully wrought-out plan of the cunning, -and hitherto unsuspected, calm and deliberate demon, living as it were two . distinct lives, and seemingly having two sepamto beings swaying and animating one person. Th 'skipper, as far as my then experience and gresent recollection serve me, navigated, the ship and gave orders sn customary; the men worked at the thou s1nd-and-one odds and ends always to be found to do'aboard a vessel; and smoked and-lolled about in the last dog-watch in a commonplace seafaring way. Now, every evening;'about eight bells, my dity was to wash the dishes, clean up the glglley (a little wooden box oo deck amid. aihips) and tidy'up : and then I used (beink Sabig lump of a boy of fifteen) to go and s"noe ko at the windlass -forward, after .. trimmingand lightingthe'cabin lamp.'. ".' * It was- in' tho- end -of Soptember, 'and 'pretty light on deck at six in the morning. ' -One mght--I will never forget it-I wai? -lying doziigon-'the after transom; when I I uddehly started up fully awake. Soind in describablo horror seemedIto oppress 'me. ; I looked up; theo' feeblo unumfild wick of tho nearly emptylamp onlyserved tomake things around dim and uncertain. I suppose it would be about four bells' in the middle watch, when. I distinctly heard a suppressed groan an d 'gurgling noise from the mate's bank, and.could see the indistindt form of a man leaning over it. Theh the lamp flickered and went out, nnd a great horror fell upon me, Iknow'not why. I heard the skipper tumble into hisblink,'tind a curious soutnd liko air escaping from the deck pump, and I rose up and crept on deck and sat cowering under tlohe'unrter-deckbuln wirks, trying to think.- What's themritter; lad a sung out the second mate, who hnd'the watch 'as hedragged mo to the binnacle lamp. '.You' are. axiwhite 'as "a ghost, and all S fitbling.' . - I don't know, sir,'. I said'; ' think I had tim nightmare.' But go belbw I Swould not till full daylight. All was correct,, .o'seomingly.. 'The skipper was snoring peacd f .fully; all'els .woa still; and at' five bells iii S'tho -' morniig ;watch -I set the "cups; 'w:'went.- .to-, thlo' galley for;. the 'oeoffee, ' and roused the skipper., On6 of the seamon used to keep.the morning watch and have? his coffee in the cabin after the skipper had done. The old man roused out, swallowed his coffee, went on deck, and told the omcor of the watch to go down. ' - : - .d. ' In the scant morning light everything was dim and uncertain. All was quiot for a ft6w Sninutes. I could hear the man strike'flint and steel, and; thhn-light 'a sulphu match, and ris it burnt up clear, and he wasilghtirig Shis pipe,; it tlhr6 wa ruddy glare 'over the mate's unk. " , ,," .,.,' .. , S; GobdGod' sh:iill I- der:;forget'the slghtl ' Tho mate's head layover tlio carino-his face blue,, and donad. :A' stream of clotteld llo?d ''was over his neck andlbreast;-, oveir the mat; * snmi in clots and blotches on the deck: " \- "-For one moment--I 'stood- aghast ; I' thei rushed to reach the ladder, slipped'on tho \- •bloodstnained" deck, and tore up on dock, and fell fainting against the little oskvlight. * Tho s?cond officer and all hands soon S?cramblelaft; and the body was with greoa daifloulty. carried up the somnall companion . natch and Inid aft in the wheel gratinF'. The econd mato'gripped me convulsively by the 'wrist, and on. rousing up to full consciousnes1, SI saw the skipper walking up and riown th,' .- ljurtor-dcck. He never looked nt nny of si, and ho never glanced aft at the body.. After a long timoe he stopped, leant over th~ ganiig 'way, and steadily looked over to windward. ..-'.Nowi Caphaiu Jasper Trojnn seemed to havo no charnotcristic any moro than tlhat lie never sworeo; he was taciturn, but not morose, and I never heard him tell any story, or allude to any event of his former life: Pre 'sntly he turned round and drawled out, a Clt his throat in the niiglt, ay I Get someo crnvas, MZr. Donovan, and sew it up.' * The seaman hung back, whlile tlhe captain went below, brought up somn old canvas anil palm and needle, and Imrlt down anl ildeliberantely sewed ul the body, drepred as it was, and Ihen ordered the mea, topsail to bo backed. and before anyone could spO k or in. terfiro, lifted the body up, and throw it over the leo gangway into the sea, braced the nainyard forward, and on tho vessel went. the dingy cnnvas with its gliaatly freight risingland falling on the waves in our vniake till we sosteight of it. Tihe men slinked forward, horror-stricken, and then tioe old man, without a word, went below and deliberately turned into Iis bunk. In one short hour the whole ship seemed csnngeil. Tho'men converoed in groups S"Old p,,, snioo.a'tcTrto'otmp4,t5. under their ?e?ath, work was stoped, and though the wheel ,wa relieved ad watches ehanged, sail madeo and shortened, yet the vessel warlike a coffin to the imagination. The second mate wouldn't go aft to the spare bunk ; and I never, if I could help it, in the cabin went far from the ladder. Two nights passed away, and the weat.er was dark and squally; so at the ochange of watches-eight bells of the second dog-watch -we handed topgallant sails and reefed topsils, stowed tholight sails, and the watch below turned in. The watch on deck cowered under the leeof the galley and long boat, leaving only the second mate, man at the wheel, and look-out man forward on the night- heads. I sneaked down the fore scuttle, and coiled myself away among the men, not daring to go aft. The wind was blowing in gusts from the S.W., and Cape Clear light was almost dead astern, and it was all hands on deck to shorten sail, and stand by the topsail halliards, as a heavy squall caught us aback, and the brig gathered stern way. I thought we were gone. Everything was let fly, and the head-yards braced abex, and so she paid off, and we close-reefed, and stood off on the port tack. Tha hands went below. At two bells in the morning watch (5 a.m.), it was as dark as pitch, rain and sleet, when the brig flew right up in the wind, and when the men rushed to the braces, there was neither officer of thi watch, helmsman, or second officer to be seen, search high and low. The cabin lamp was out; the~ innaclo lamp was the only light available. We shouted-it was in vain ; we looked below and aloft, and then waited in terror- for the dawn. Seeing the skipper seated on the main hatch, I crept below to try and light the lamp, and steadied myself against the starboard bunk. .Great heavens! As I stretched out my hand, I felt and know instinctively that that bunk was occupied, and my hand fell on the cold upturned face of the corpse. I staggered up, ranforward, and threw myself headlong down the fore-scuttle. In incoherent tones, I managed to let the men know my tale. But still we waited for the daylight. The men went aft and took the wheel, and kept together; they all had some weapon, mostly the iron belaymg pins from the topgallant rail forward. Silently sat Captain Trojan, and the only sound was the weird whistle of the wind through the rigging, as the brig came up or rolled to leewards. An hour passed, and then broke the blessed dawn. A dark scud flew overhead, with a leaden sky all round. But oh, for the blessed light I With set faces the men kept their eyes on the skipper. Then he rose slowly and camo aft; the men fell back right and left. A signifdant look went round, and as the skipper put his foot on the ladder a rush was made at him, and he was thrown back on the dock: A desperate struggle, ensued. With the strength of a manisa, the captain held one man in his powerful grasp and fought and twisted, and at last rose straight up, still retaining his hold, till he crashed against the weather gangway board, a frail piece of timber; and, as the brig rolled to windward, the captain, with the doomed seaman in' his grasp, fell headlongoverboand, and rose no moere. With trombling steps the men crowded into the cabin, and there, in the captain's bunk, stark and. cold and bloody, lay the body of the second mate, with his throat cut from ear to ear. There was no traceo of a strggleo: the detail of that tragedy will over-remam a mystery. Carefully 'tho body was wrapped up and shrouded-only one glance was given to it to be nasured no life remained. The main topsail was once more backed, and without a prayer, though not unmourned, the corps smote the water and sank. \- I awoke to consciousness in the hospital in Liverpool; but even to this day do Iinvolun tarily shiver when my mind calls back this memory. I learnt afterwards that the men,'having found an anker ofwhlskey, held a saturnalia. The Pearl was picked up by a revenue cutter, and taken up the Merey, with four men missing and the strictest official inquiry never yet unravelled the :mystery of the Penrl of Linericlk, or whether the skipper was a responsible person and a common murderer for some unknown. purpose, or a Innatic with a homicidal mama. 