! THE NOVELIST. The Garston House Tragedy. BY JEANNIE LOCKETT, Author of "The Millwood Mystery," "Kitty Cartwright," &o.; (Begun'in Tow» AND COUNTBT JOUBHAI. of Deoemberl.) (SPECIALLY WBITTEK TOB THIS FATES.) CHAPTER XLI. Shortly after Dr. Dalesford's return from the library, Jacobs got what he called a "hawful fright." He got it in the following manner : Feeling rather curious in respect to the visit of the two gentlemen he had conducted to the draw ing-room, though he had recognised one of them as Dr. Dalesford, he had gone round to the side verandah intending to listen at the window of tho drawing-room, which opened, as well as the library window, on to it. He had been somewhat later than he could have wished in trying to carry out his intention, owing to his having to get the tray ready to talco to the drawing- room. When he did got round, however, he was rather startled to see a narrow bar of light on the verandah opposite tho library window. As he was hesitating whether to advance or not, he was much more startled by seeing tho figure of a man coming along the verandah toward him. As it carno nearer, ho folt, as ho afterward explained to Mrs. Green, tho cook, as if his " heart had jumped right into his mouth," for tho figure was that of his late master-in height, in build, and even to the dress it Avas "the very moral of him !" It came nearer still, and, as it stopped for a moment opposite the bar of light, he saw the face or, at least, part of it, with its gray side whiskers -and it was the face of Robert Garston, as he had last seen him alive. Then, with his hair .hising, and his flesh creeping, he saw it dis appear through the French window into the room in which his master had met his death. And as the window closed behind it, shutting out the bar of light, Jacobs turned and fled to the domain of Mrs. Green, where, sinking on a chair, he startled that good woman considerably by gasping out- , " It's come ! Ifs come ! The master's room is haunted ! I saw the ghost myself-the master's own ghost, Mrs. Green! And a hawful fright ifs give me !" Meanwhile, the figure, after closing the win dow, which it certainly did in mortal fashion, walked quietly across the library, and into the drawing-room adjoining. Here it took up a position on the side of the room facing the chair where Madeline still lay. And, so little did its presence disturb the attention of the two gentlemen standing there, that it might have been doubted whether they were conscious of the intrusion. A moment after, however, Dr. Dalesford stopped up to it, and movements similar to the stretching out of two hands, their meeting, and their being drawn back again, followed. It might also have been noticed, had there been any one to see, that some thing passed from one hand to the other. That this was really the case was evidenced by the fact that Dr. Dalesford carried to the table, near where Madeline's chair was placed, a small bottle and a camel's hair brush. These he placed on the table, and then retired to the side of the room where the figure that had so frightened Jacobs stood. George Felton then went closer to Madeline, and, passing his hand once or twice in front of her face, said, " Awake !" Madeline's eyes opened on the instant, and she sat up. But the expression in them had entirely changed. It was not that they were not soft looking. They were that still, but they were no longer vehicles ot inteUigence from the brain behind. They saw not in accordance with any direction from it, neither did they express any thought that it had evolved. And they, and her face altogether, beyond a listening, expectant look, had no expression whatever. And as Dr. Dalesford from his post of observa tion noticed its look of blank expectancy, he wondered whether with the brain in such an inactive state the memory would not be a blank, too. If so, then after all their experi ment would prove a failure-and perhaps worse than a failure, if Madeline's suspicions should become aroused by it, as, when she dis covered George Felton had acted the part of the " professor," would certainly be the case. In that moment of anxious observation Dr. Dales ford felt all the doubts that had assailed him, while he had watched the trial of strength a short time before, rise in full force, though in a slightly different form. Yet only a very short time passed after Madeline opened her eyes before George Felton spoke again. What he said, though spoken rather quietly, had even to Dr. Dales ford's ears-what ever effect they may have produced on the silent figure beside him-a very startling sound, though he was prepared for them, They, were, " Miss Garston, there is blood on your lips !" The words certainly startled Madeline, for a look of horror came into her face, and taking out her handkerchief, she began to rub her lip vigorously with it. George Felton then took up the bottle and brush from the table, and, dipping the brush into a liquid in the bottle, he approached her, say ing " It is still there, Miss Garston. Let me take it off for you." Madeline at once took the handkerchief away, revealing the fact that her lips were still red. George Felton passed the brush lightly over them, and, as he took it away, said I " Now, wipe them with your handkerchief, just lightly." She did this, and then he said1 " But there is some on your eyelids, too. Close them, and I will take it off." He dipped the brush once more in the bottle, and, as Madeline was sitting with her eyes closed, he passed it over each, in turn, saying, as he finished " Wipe your eyes with your handkerchief, now, Miss Garston." When she had obeyed him,he said "There, you may open them, now." Madeline did so, and sat with the look of ex pectancy on her face once more. But now, though tho expression was the same as when she had first become aroused from the mesmeric sleep, the appearance of her face had entirely changed. Her lips, before so red, were now perfectly colorless. But that was not all, for her mouth now, with its thin compressed lips, looked hard and cruel, though the cruelty, in the absence of expression, was latent. Where had gone the velvety softness from her oyes, that had formerly been their most notice able characteristic, as it had certainly constituted their greatest attraction ? Whatever had become of it, it was quite gone from her eyes. Her lashes, too, looked shorter, and their fringes less heavy, while her eyes .were smaller and harder. And, with the softness gone from her eyes; and the red from her lips, Madeline Garston had be come an entirely different creature ! Beautiful, in a certain way-as the tigress and the rattle snake are beautiful-she might be counted still, but the true beauty, which is a woman's chief adornment, the beauty of expression, was hers no longer. In a natural sense, as we now know, it had not been hers before. It was but right and just, therefore, that it should have gone with the pigments that had created it. But, even though the change that had taken place in Madeline's face had not been unnoticed by Dr. Dalesford, he was still too anxiously waiting what was to follow to devote more than passing attention to it. For now had come the time when the test was to be applied to Madeline Garston's memory. There was no doubt at all of her being completely under the influence of George Felton's will, and that being the case, sho would answer any question put to her that came within the scope of her power to answer. But would it be in her power to speak-without suggestion from him-of the events of that night two months ago ? "Well, he would simply have to wait and see, and, as George Felton was preparing to question her, he would not have to wait long. Before speaking George Felton drew a knife from his pocket, and opening it, held it close to Madeline's eyes, saying " Look at this, Miss Garston, and tell me what it is." Madeline looked at it attentively for a moment and then suddenly drew back from it, exclaim ing " It is a knife ! The knife that opened the vein in Uncle Garston's neck !" " Yes, you are right. Now tell me when you first saw it." "I don't remember the date-but it was-on a table-in a shop," Madeline said in a tone that showed how strong was the effort her memory was making, and then, like one speaking in a dream, she added, " I looked at it a long time, and many thoughts came into my head, and then I went away ; but the thoughts remained." " You saw it again not long after, did you not?" George Felton said then, and the ex pression of his face showed Dr. Dalesford that the inward excitement he was undergoing was very great. " Yes-I went back to the shop-to see it-the thoughts made me go," she replied. " You looked afc it on the table. What did you do af ter that ?" George Felton asked. " I took it up, and then I bought it." " Did you take it away with you, then ?" "No. I left it to have my uncle's monogram put on." "Did you intend to make your uncle a present of it ?" was George Felton's next question, and in making it he was careful that bis words con tained no trace of a suggestion. "No. I intended it for another purpose." For a moment after this reply came, absolute silence followed. ? In spite of the fact that aU three men had been perfectly convinced that Madeline Garston's soul'." was stained with the crime of murder, thérè seemed something awful to them-but especially to'Georg'e Felton-in the thought of .drawing the confession-of it from her while she remained totally imcorisciotfs that she was making it. Even the detective, notwithstanding' tlie hunting-down instincts of his profession,, felt it so strong that, forgetful of the part he was enacting, he took a half-step forward, induced by an impulse to warn her that whatever she might say " would be used in evidence against her." Recollection of the circumstances under which the information was sought came to him then, and he drew back, becoming once more a silent but acutely interested spectator. At the same time, probably owing to some other instinct connected with his -? duties, he put his hand in his pocket, and touched a stiff piece of paper that lay there, and then passed his fingers over something that was cold to the touch, and in shape like a pair of bracelets. Yet, all the time, he, as well as Dr. Dalesford, waB listening intently for George Felton's next question. It came almost immediately, clear and full, though with a touch of sternness in it. It was " What was that purpose, Madeline Garston ?" And, without a moment's hesitation, came the answer " To take my uncle's life.". " Good God ! What an answer ! And what a purpose ! And she sits, telling it like that !" the detective said, under his breath, making another half step forward, as if to warn her that the words would be used against her, and once more falling back into his position of silent spectator. "You went again to the shop for the knife. Did you go' in ?" George Felton then asked. "I went, but I didn't go in. I took Hester with me. She didn't know; she-was- not in her right senses," Madeline said, more hesitat ingly than she had yet spoken, and as if trying in vain to think of some word which had escaped her memory. Not wishing to suggest the word " mesmerism" to her mind, George Felton said " How had Hester lost her senses ?" "I had taken them from her-before we started," Madeline said, and then stopped, as if waiting for a question. * " What did you do when you got to the shop ?" he then asked. " I stayed in the cab-and sent her in for the parcel. It was to be ready then." " What made you think the shopman would give it to Hester ?" , " I knew he would think it was she who had bought the knife, and give it to her." ^ ; "That was about a month before it was used, wasn't it P" George Felton said, not so careful to keep his words clear Of suggestion, not consider ing it necessary, and wishing to assist Madeline's memory wherever possible, as he saw that the effort to use it, unaided, was somewhat exhaust ing. "Yes-a month," she answered. " Did you buy anything else to make use of at the same time ?" " Yes-I .bought some chloroform." " Where ?" " At a chemist's, in Pitt-street." " You gave the chemist a paper, first, did you not?" "Yes-a prescription." " Who wrote it for you ?" "I wrote it, myself-iii Dr. Flood's name." " Did Hester go with you to the chemist's ?" " No, I went alone." " What name did you sign in his book ?" Madeline hesitated a moment, and then answered-. " Susan Burns." " Where did you put the knife and chloroform af ter you brought them home ?" "I putthem in my desk." A short silence foUowed this answer, and while it lasted George Felton's breath came thick and faßt. With a desperate effort, however, he regained his self-control, and, in a clear firm tone, said " Tell me exactly how the knife and the chloro form came to be used the night of your uncle's death." Something like an expression of hesitancy and uneasiness came into Madeline's face as he spoke. But after observing it with considerable anxiety for a moment or two, George Felton concluded that it was caused by a doubt as to the particu lar starting point she was required to take, he therefore said "Tell me what took place after your uncle went to the library." The look of uneasiness at once vanished, and Madeline replied "I went upstairs to my room. I wrote two letters-one to my dressmaker and the other, in my uncle's name, to Mr. Wood. Then I opened my desk, and took out the knife and. chloro form-" V She stopped rather suddenly, and, in the silence that followed, each of the three men, waiting in breathless suspense, seemed to hear his heart beat in great throbs. " What did you do then ?" Geoigo - elton said, breaking in upon the silencé that had become oppressive. " I went-to-Hester's room--" Another pause followed, during which great beads of perspiration came out on George Felton's brow, but he did not speak. In fact, at the mo ment, he seemed to have lost all power to speak, in the effort to concentrate his powers of mind and wül to the task before him. "The door was not locked-and I went in, Hester was in bed-and asleep. I wakened her and then I-I-" Again Madeline seemed to be searching in her memory for a word, and, though he knew quite well what the word was, George Felton made no attempt to suggest it to her. In a moment, however, Madeline went on. " I took away her senses. And then I sent her to sleep again-but it was a different kind of sleep-" Still another pause, and George Felton began to find the suspense unendurable. Yet never for one moment did. his attention wander, or his powers of mind and wül become relaxed, great as the strain on them was. "Heft her asleep-and went down stairs to my uncle's room-" A wild thrill, born of a hope that np to that moment George Felton had not dared to entertain, ran through his frame, and did more toward endangering his powers^ of self-control than, all that he had previously gone through. But the danger passed while, the hope remained and left him the stronger for the task before him. With scarcely.^ a perceptible pause, this time, Madeline wont on:- ^ " 1 found'iny uncle, as I had expected, asleep in his chair; I went up to him-:-" Madeline paused quite suddenly here, not so much in hesitation, but as though listening for a voice to direct her, seeing which George Felton said almost sternly- . "What did you do then? State everything exactly as it took place." " I put the knife on the table, and poured the chloroform on a handkerchief- one of his hand kerchiefs that 1 had brought with me-and then I put it over his face. I kept my hand over it till it took effect." " What did you do then ?" George Felton said, quickly, seeing the listening expression again coming into her face. " I turned up my right sleeve, and took the knifei from the table-" . A sudden thought struck George Felton, and he interrupted her to ask-":.-. " Whattdress had you op f" " I had on a wrapper of Hester's. I took it from her wardrobe in the morning, and put it on when I first went to my room," Madeline said, in the tone of a child, who,' having forgotten part of its .task, tries to .make amends by telling more tKari rwás askeci of it. >:£What did you do with the knife ?" he asked then, :and his. tone, told Dr. Dalesford that, in spite of his horror of the; crime he;was bringing to light, there was a great gladness, ron Hester Wrayburn's account, at his heart.; ' , "T opened a vein in my uncle'si neck with it on '" the ; loft side. He was lying so that I couldn't .get.to the one on the other side-the side nearest me." ' , , In spite pf the mechanical tone in ¡which the words were uttered, they had a horrible sound for those who heard them. And the evidences of thatjhorror wore in George Felton's voice as he asked " Did he struggle at all ?" " No ; scarcely at all. Not while I was there in the room. I could not stay. , I, went to the drawing-room, and waited, for fear he might come roiind; and call for help. But he did ?not/* " Did you go back to thè'room at all?" " STes; I went back. He was dead,'then, and the handkerchief was in his hand. I tried to take - it out 'to cover his face, but I could not. And then I left tho room." / . . 'fWhat did you ido with the knife ?" , ; ," I . dropped it beside him, just as he would have doñe.if he .had used it. And I left the bottle that had held the chloroform on the table"/' . " What did you do with the stopper ?" " I don't know ; I never could remember." \- Madeline's tone showed that this was a matter that had been a good deal in her thoughts. ' There only remained one question, as to what had happened in the library that night. It was '/.What did you do with the book your uncle was reading before he went to sleep ?" Again in the tone of a-child anxious to make amends for having forgotten part of its task, Madeline replied, " I took it away with me. It was a volume of Charles Lamb's Essays, and Heft another I had taken down with me in its place. I [put it in. tlie shelf afterward." :Did you know whereabouts in the book he had been reading that night ?" ; '-';No, the- book was closed; and there was no marker in it." " Where did you go when you left the library ?" George Felton asked then. " " I went upstairs 'to Hester's room, and woke her up. And then I made her think she had used the knife.. I described it to her, as if she had done it, and then told her she was looking at herself doing it." : ; . "What did you do that for??' George Felton said, with greater sternness in his voice than he had before used. "I wanted to make her believe she had done re in her sleep. Not-quite at first. I knew that in* the morning she would think she had had a. nightmare. But after we had gone to Bowral I made the. dream come back again and again," Madeline said, and then, with scarcely a percep tible pause, added in a more emphatic tone, " J, wanted her to commit suicide !" "Why?" George Felton said, with stern brevity. . . " I ? wanted her money. T wanted to , gq. to, England..- I took Robert's Garston's Life for that purpose-but the wiU he left made it impossible till- Hester came of age-so there was no other way to accomplish my purpose." 'The horror George Felton experienced on hear ing Madeline's answer was so great that he felt incapable of asking her another question. He therefore passed his hand a couple of times in front of her eyes, and then said, " Sleep !" Immediately her eyes closed, and she lay back motionless in her chair. George Felton walked Over to where Dr. Dalesford and the detective stood, but his step was feeble, and his face was ghastly pale, and, as he came near, he staggered, as though about to fall. Without a word Dr. Dalesford caught him by the arm, and led him »into the adjoining room, followed by the detective. Placing him in a chair, he said -: " Sit-still, for a minute-and think how clearly and fully you haye proved Hester Wrayburn's innocence." ; I ^ I 