ST'IItEE VIGNETTES. NO. I.-rAAen. A dingy grocery in a dingy street; passing through the frowsy shop, up a narrow dirt encrusted stairway, the hand Is upon the latch to enter the meanest room of the poorest dwelling in the lowest rutdeaac of the city, An iron importers' case, roughly nailed upon four pieces of quartering, apologises for a table, two chandlers' cases do duty as chairs ; there is no bedstead, only a scriii tick of straw, the only positive furniture a narrow Amorican sofa, patched and tinkered till ingenuity exhausted itself ; a tin kettle, a tin plate, one pannikin, one cup, and a doel teapot with broken spout and iron lid. But floor, table, and stools are clean as sacrubbing and water can make them, the small window panes are burnished crystal bright, while the worn, well-darned curtainhoangs spot less white across thenim. The tenant, a woman thin almost to attenua. tion, the want of underclothing, the thin cotton dress transparent withago and washing,, exaggerate imeagreness to emuciation. She is standing looking out from the window, hler eyes-ias the eyes of one past thinking, hoping or fearing, lack lustre, vacant, sad. If she ever rejoiced in feninirno charms, they have boee those inseparable Irom youth, cheer fulnoess, good health, rosy cheeks, and bright eyes, such have fled. It is impossible to decide whether she is yet youthful. Her hair is abun dant, neatly dressed ; but, indeed, herself, her belongings all around her are neat, cruelly neat, antd as cruelly cold. The sound of a womaun's raucous, scolding voice, a sprinegles, uneven step upon the stairs. -the womtan turns round as her husband enters. His clothing is well worn, spare, shabby, nondescript-neither of labourer, mechanic, nor clerk. lie seats hitself wearily upon the sofa, his wife beside him. She speaks not a word; he volunteers nono--the day has long since passed when site greeted his entrance with wist ful hopefulness," Any chance of work, Frank r" Sihe never questions now; disappointment was succeeded by a fear to hope, which in turn faded to hopelessness. leo might be thirty. The careworn brow, grave, weary face, the set rigid lines round the eyes and lips form fit com plement to the face of the womani; together they tableau trouble, failure, weariness of try. ing when trial proves futile in wasted energy, or bringa some now rebuff, some deeper llumiliatlon. The writing on the mildewed walls of that upper chamber is plain IcuAnoD. God, man, and hope have departed thence. 2.-Els pIISTOIHEl ?. "I promised I would come up, and here I am. Now Frank, my boy, what is to be done ? That old virago below seems a very termagant, Why, it is a dead robbery to pay rent for ttis hole !" While the speaker chattered, his cold keen eyes wanderedrestlesslyaround, verilyanalysing the barrenness and nakedness of the surround ings. Frank's wife, after the first greeting, heeded him not, but sat, her face turned from him, her head upon her hand in an attitude of nerveless langour; the very outline of her drapery, the folds of her poor printn materialised all that could be conceived of an aching heart, a desolate hearth, of all grief crowded into a life that wrestled from dawn to dark with abject poverty. The tisitor had a bluff, hearty manner in speech and action every outward and visible sign of jovial good nature and good living; has warm, comfortable attire, excellent In taste anI quality, nought conspicuous, nought outrd. Iliis age wodld'be somewhat a problem to a physiognomist. From the eyes downward, the rosy cheeks, well-shaped sensual lips, Othe round chin with its suggestive double, was young; but this sleek, jovial presentiment of youth was contrasted d belied by the heavy jowl, the fine seams and wrinkles in the broad, square- aged forehead, and the crow's feet at the corners of his chill, steel-grey eyes. "To be brief, Frank, you -know, and you know that I know you to possess a certain secret in chemistry, useless, utterly useless and valueless in honest commerce; to any honest man it is a dead, worthless, scientific fact. Old Robinson Dant the counterfeiter, on his deathbed bequeathed it to vou as a priceless legacy, and so it is in proper hands. You won't use it-tall it to moe; inetruct me, and there is hansel." As he spoke lie placed a roll of notes upon the table, dexterously loosening them so they spread out fan-like as they fell. A small red spot burned on each of Frank's thin cheeks, an unholy light began to glow in his sunken eyes; but the light flickered out. His wife stirred not, made no sign. " You hesitate," his tempter continued. " What fears, what scruples bar you ? As to fear, I swear you run no risk; the oracle shall be worked, and your hand never appear. We will advance by degree's; in tlhe cund the grand coup will bring hundreds. Had the late bank defaulters known what you know, they would still be honoured men and wealthy. Why not you? Without fear, without risk, what scruples, what idiotic hesitation is this, what scruples can you have? You have no fixed prin. ciples te outrage, you are a penniless, uselessl outcast starveling, and I offer you immediate comfort, competence, luxury, and wealth in prospect. I offer you here and now that which is to you the stepping. stone to the realisation of your earliest and boet dreams; that which will crown you with the joy of triumph over all those who have scorned, reviled, and trampled on you in your later miseries." He paused. Frank was silent. His wife made no sign. "'I read your tlhouglhts- chicanory, dis honesty? Yeel Granted 'tis all that, but what prosperous man has his hand clean in this city of insolvencies, specs, and booms ? Pshaw ! You are degraded enough now. What'deeper degradation Is there than to have been a convict in the past and a pauper in-the present?" For the first timo Frank spoke:--"I was innocent, and yoe know it."' "Innocent! Of course, objectively; far too dainty a gentleman to soil your white fingers, but of not too dainty a stomach to digest re suits. Has inot the broad arrow. brand sooner or later laid its vulture's claw upon your character wherever you have been since, and her I bring you freeulom, freedom from its pursuit ; it only follows tts helpless.' I put before you life, health, and suitable asmociatuons for men of education, we are superior in education to l many who lord it in wealth around us. Take your proper place. If I love pleasure and am i not unacquainted with riot, it is the outcome of bitterness of soul. I will seek with you the I society of cultured men and refined women. Come, lot us to work; what conscience can be left to us, bench-mites on the launches sweeps, companions in the quarries ?" ' Frank sighed; his wife seemed feebly inte rested. "You repent? Yes ! because you suffer you suffer because poor; your poverty removed and when comfort comes inm penitence goes out, and you live to bless me. You have asked for bread, you have received stones. Now is the hour or you, and I am the manl, it is the darkest hour in the night of your misfortune. I bring the lamp to light your path to fortune, I which to your eyes shall be reflectedt from the golden imago of the godldess. Why quarrel with fortune when she stretches out her hand full of blessings simply because it is her left hand, and iiot tir right? This night, and here, is at your choice all that makes life worth living. To-morrow you will be impotently swung round in the Maelstrom of unpitied indigence, drowning 'lmid crrrion and offal; hero are, niot strawv to vainly grasp. not shreds of delusive wrack to mock your clinging, but rolid spars, a stout raft to uear you safe and sound to thle land of promise you have long prayed to see and feel as solid ground beneathl your feet. Your tast endI present is but a charntel-house of botne, crowded with ghosts of good resolutions gone dlead your future, gloriou s as (IananUI." Frank wis deeply moved. An eager look was on his face. ills wife also scorented flushed with interest. "I appeal to you, Frank, for your own sake, obe a mn:m of the world; by tno nmemnory at our youthful friemtolship, our common sufferinrg, I auppeal to you, teach m ue thar oceet; I lov;e ' you as my owie brother, Rtld woutld cave you auid yours. You dare not be ai fool- look at your poor young 'wife there, starvintg. dying before your eyes; her blood will be upon your head- the girl you took from a laply horns, from comfort, evenluxury, to drag her down to this. See you not, she is dying from cold, neglect, starvation, and a broken heart. Speak, man! There i,.. notes, gold, and silver ! ! Tell me this secret. Let her decide. Consent. Frank-speak for hint. Itachel!" And I say, "Go! " Rachel rose to her feet, all listlessness gone, her whole formnih ect, dilate, quivering with life, energy, and indomi table will. No beauty-not even good looks ? The woman is alive with the lithe, nervous, vigor dus beauty of a leopardr& guarding her young. " Go ! I ?.OW yeu. Iinfalliblo instinct re veals yours the shadowy hand, reaching out from the darkness of your soul.and my huI' band's past, that has from time to time, from place to place, pointed the way to his dismissal.. Your evil presence hi secretly ,shadowed' us oven to this last refuge to attain your own' eilds and purposes. Go! youi ffled hound; to you and your like we bid dellaneo, hatred, and contempt to the bitter end. My husband and.I will, if needs must, go forth together. to the mercy of the street, perchance oven to, that Omega of the destitute, thi cold. slabs of the morgue; beu togycther, and for the future iiinocent.' 3.-ADno?Ac. husband and wife are alone; each needs the other, both neiced God. Alone with memories of their early love, their past joys, their present sorrows, the dying moments of. their dear lost children. The Great High Priest ofllciates at this lonely domestic altar.. They partake together .o a holier sacrament than the one that joined their hands in by-gone years; united iow for time and eternity in the spirntuala'nlon that links them through suffering, patience, temptation, trial and victory to love divine. One in themselves, one with tIim Crucified. All have sinnoel. Their punisihminet, their dis. cipline has nit d&'n heyond'their strength. In that silent embrace is conceoii'ed the Christ child Hope. GEonuE IH. LeOAID. Brunswick; 26th August. 