MR. O'SULLIVAN AND THE PABKES GOVERNMENT. A banquet was given at Bungendore to Mr E W. O'Sullivan, M.L.A. Mr. J. Harold Watson presided, and there was a large attendance of townspeople and the surrounding residents. Mr. Eyrie, M.L.A., was among the company, and apologies for absence were, received frem Messrs. Dickens and Edmunds, Ms.L.A. Mr. O'Sullivan, after thanking his friends for their kind reception, and explaining the provisions oi the now Land Bill, said it appeared to him that bewildered country. Notwithstanding that via had enjoyed representative institutions for 83 years, we were B-tilla generation behind eome of the other Australian provinces in our political education. To use the words of Disraeli, the pre sent sj'sfcein of government was a ' ruinous im.' posture on the eredxility of the country .' The Government existed ai the mercy of two or three members, and its chief characteristic was that of vacilliation. It could do nothing definite except when it was in touch with the majority, as in the case of the. Land Bill and Payment of Members. Otherwise, it was an organized hypocrisy, preach ing free trade, but acting on protective fines when it could do so sub rosa. Its supporters occasion ally clanked their chains but dared not break them. They wore afraid that a change of Govern ment would precipitate them into a 'general eleo tion, when the banks of the Styx would be lined with their shivering political ghosts. Having passed the Land Bill, the Government was now in a oul da sac, and was anxiously scanning tbe horizon, in the hope that something would turn up to its advantage. It was time that the liberal and progressive instincts of the people were aroused, and that an effort was made to galvanize that moribund thing known as our national policy. Mr. O'Sullivan advocated a protective policy, a reform of the Upper House, local govern ment, water conservation and irrigation, light lines of railway, a mining on private property bill, liberal mining laws, the development of our fisheries, the establishment of agricultural colleges and schools of mines, free schools and free scholar ships, a scheme for the rebuilding of the defpnt.ivA portions of Sydney, tho encouragement of horti culture, meat freezing and other congenial in dustries ; the reorganization of our military systems, and the establishment of a State militia j the imposition of a tax upon the property of ab sentees, and other measures. New South Wales was the moat blest of all the Australias in ma terial resources, but her obsolete policy had re tsrded her progress, and left her 20 years behind her intercolonial sisters. Mr. O'Sullivan held a successful meeting of hia constituents at the Temperance Hall, Quean beyan, on Saturday. Mr. Martin Byrnes, J.P , was in the chair. There was a largo attendanco of farmers %nd selectors, who listened with in terest to the exposition of the new Land Bill. Mr. O'Sullivan gave an address on the political Eituation, and was well received. A vote of con fidence, moved by Mr. J. J. Wright, J.P., and seconded by Mr. P. B. Donnelly, of Bywong Station, was carried unanimously. 