THE GRAVEYARD SCENE. There ia a serio-comio air (says Hugh Kalyptns) about the brokers' last grievance— tbey are always having some trouble on their minds when booming slackens off. Not very long ago there was weeping and wailing and gnaefaing of teeth because the? were Robb-ed of the luxury of smoking and expectorating upon the glass floor which lights the rooms below,- and their wrongs tronbled them like a nail in a boot. Robbing a poor man of bis beer la nothing in atrocity to the crnel and heartless act of depriving a broker of his pipe; and now It seems that the men of aorlp and booms were not the chief offenders—they smoked the pipe of peace and refinement, and expectorated not at all—it was the wioked loungers who did it, the men who. came perohanoe to buy and remained to' smoke, Now the corner men have a real, substantial, I may say. Iron-bound, iron-bolted grievance. Mr. Muirhead, who has an artistio eye, erected a fac- simile of Napoleon's tomb at St. Helena on the floor of the Royal Exobange, a spiked iron railing—for all the 1 world like those pnt round graves by friends anxions that the ghost of'tthe dear departed should not olimb ont and perhaps lose its way. It is painted a deadly-lively sort of colonr, and is enongh to give any sensitive minded broker the whim-whams or the hor rors, Then the voioe of the injured rose like the wail of Peris banished from Paradise, and doomed to crowd eaoh other on the oold, bard flags of an nuBympatbetlo world. The ear of Mnirhead is ever open to the voice of the distressed, and he calmed those pertnrbed spirits by giving them a slice of the whole of what they wanted. Verily the brokers are eaeily satisfied; it was to them like getting a small commission when they wanted a large one, but they are thankful for small J merries. One of the latest snake stories is a terrifio tax upon the oredniity of even the most credulous. It is solemnly set forth that the glass snake, whioh naturalists know is bb brittle ae the thread of life of the Cookbnrn Variety Tronpe, has the power of re-uniting the severed portions of Ub wriggling carcass. If a glass snake is broken even in several distinct portions, those separate parts wriggle together and become a whole snake again. ThiB Is very oonvenient for the snake, bat it mnst be a comical process. Just imagine the head part hunting about nntil it finds the tail part and the middle, and then baoking up till a junction is formed. It is an in genious experiment and reflects considerable credit upon the snake; but, althongh the Scientific American gives us the story and seems to vouoh for it, I should like to have a private sdanoe with the gluesome snake, Some individual who has a fancy for fowls suggests that veterinary surgeons Bhould study hen ailments, and be able to profes sionally advise the denizens of the poultry yard when any of the Hen Convention are sick, I fancy the average vet. would sooner tackle a horse any day that feel the prise of a hen. The average hen, if I know het as I think I do, is ub contrary as the average woman and just as likely to screech and " take on," A wild-eyed hen dootor running frantically over the plaoe after a fowl with the wbim-whams would be a eight worth seeing. He would probably end by throwing every portable article in the yard after his feathered patient, and would then leave, swearing he would never undertake to phyeic any one of the breed again; there worid be too mnch phyaioal exeroiae and profanity abont the work to suit an ordinary man—an Indian on the warpath wanting something to scalp might t.y It, A correspondent writes" At the close of last summer a line repairer on one of the Northern lines was travelling by a tricyole when he saw a large snake lying across the line asleep. He dismounted and tried to kill the reptile by throwing stones, but hiB aim not being very true, the Bnake esoaped the miasleB and, making for the trioycle, took np a position there dodging all efforts of the man to kill it or make him leave the machine. After trying in vain, the man pushed the tricycle with the snake for some miles till he arrived at one of the railway stations, where a porter assisted him to kill it," We shorid have believed this had not oar correspondent added, " This U a foot." A blackfellow, reoently wandering abont a oonntry township, was asked to hold a horse while the owner went into a public-house. Jimmy held the horse patiently for half an hour or so when, becoming impatient, he hailed a small boy passing and asked him to hold the animal. The native had soaroely left his charge two minutes when the owner of the horse appeared and rewarded the boy with a shilling; Jimmy, seeing this, de manded two shillings from the horse- owner, whioh was refused; he then tried to get a sixpence from the boy—this was also refused. Jimmy went away growling, and exolaimed, " I will just go to a blooming lawyer and bave thiB affair settled. 1 did the work and the hoy got a ohillin; me got nothing—is that what you call fair treatment!' This epeeoh brought forth a laugh from some by standers, who enquired how the native learned to speak snch good English. The native informed them that he had worked for a parson for three years when he was a boy—but got no pay, only eome old clothes and any amount of eobooling. Somebody tossed him a shilling, and he went away satisfied. The Colonies and India, a journal published in London, relates a story, in whioh Dr. Eennion is made to figure. The O. and I. saye that the Bishop was at dinner in Ade laide when a servant dropped the soup over bis clothes, whereupon he tamed to the com pany with the remark—" Will some l&yman; make a remark appropriate to the oooasion!" The tale is what the Yankees call a "chest nut." The last time we heard a story very like this, the Bishop of Peterborough was the prelate who invited the co operation of a lay man. It reminds as of another story about a crush at a railway station, when a number of passengers, inoluding a high ecolesiastio, were unable to get their luggage, and the porters were, after the manner of some of their kind, indifferent. Things seemed to be getting hopelessly boxed when a gentleman by a large display of energy and strong language indnoed the officials to move more briskly than was their wont. - When the trouble was over he turned to the clerical gentleman with an apology for the quality of his language. "Sir, was the reply, "there are oeoaeionB when the services of a layman are absolutely Indispensable," 