? ? ? evasively " He would naturally like bis son to be wifcb him." .... ' "^Bnt'" shill'W e^i" to .y^ff/^aye.jbewme/ s^ud^? You won t go away ana desert us for ever ? -Fm'^utef*o ( 03Wlen^ as^ell'tiiito me, it would be a terrible privation. AM} >)Mii ; boi&t; lave lybii , 1A" J^ DO J A be live ajRfty, : fr<Hii 1 her jiu^^i a misery. But to say so is only all the more to sigti' my orfri warrant of'fexiie. How can you < ever; wish -iu<; to stop here when I tell you I feel so ?" Ivan played with <v.his ' wineglass nervojasly. f'. B^t why jlvdhilfl Jus cried. "At any rate, why so far as India ? There are other places in the •world, you know, Ali, besides India and (England." n<-~<» - r»IT " In India," Ali answered with per feet" gravity, "Tin' well oat of ydiir way. I'm as good as d<>ad. ' India, in short, is next door to a cemetery. Nobody ever drops in casually for a morning call froin' the North-west Provinces." , : " Why, All," Ivan cried, laying his white hand persuasively on bis friend's arm, "that's just what wb d6n't want, either of us, Fin certain: If you must go, why not go somewhere in re.isou 1 Somewhere in Europe where you might sometimes run across for a visit to nie and Olwen V' "J. wish to be as dead,' 3 Ali answered sincerely. "When dead men come back to life again, they are seldom welcome. A well-bred, ghost avoids societ} 7 . Think of me as some one you once knew. Why should I flit like a spectre round your heads. Why should I return to disturb your happiness V " In Italy." Iran said, " you would find life easier for you,. I'm sure, than in India. And there, if you wouldn't come over so often and see us, Olwen and I could at least pay visits to you whenever we wanted. There could be no fear of your coming too often. Do make it Italy, for our sakes, Ali 1" Ali bowed his head in generous 9«quiescen ce. " Italy it shai 1 be, then," lie murmured in a very low voice. " And I shall never again return to England." "But you won't go soon! You'll wait for winter, at least," Ivan cried eagerly. " I'll take you to Polperran first and deliver you over safely to Mrs Chicheie, according to contract," Ali replied, with a sigh. "I promised to bring you, alive or dead, and, like a faithful servant of the parcels delivery company, I fulfil my waybill Besides, I have to return her this pledge, too, you know," he went on after a moment, looking down regretfully at the diamond ring that still glistened brightly on his dusky finger. It would grieve him to the heart indeed to give that pledge back again to Olwen. "Let me look at the ring," Ivan said, scanning it attentively for tiie twentieth time, and noting its make and size with care, for a purpose of his own. " After all, Ali, we're both of Us reckoning without our hostess, when one comes to think of it. How on earth do we either of us know, in fact, that Olwen will accept me ?" The Indian looked up at him with a sudden start. "She loves you," he said., "She has always loved you. When she married Harry Chicbele, she loved you .best, though in her own heart even she never knew it. But I knew it. If I hadn't been absolutely certain of that, I could never have gone to the Sierras to find you. I went for her sake, not for yours. I shall see you two made happy together, and then, a week after, I shall so to Italy." "So be it," Ivan said, with a sigh of regret. " Perhaps, after all, you know best, Ali." CHAPTER LII. TH^EE days after they were at Polperran. J Mohammad Ali had telegraphed on full directions to Seeta, aS to their arrival and reception, in the longest telegram that had ever been received at the Polperran bffice. They drove up at once by themselves to the rectory. In accordance with Ali's express wishes, Olwen WJIS seated alone in t]ie drawing-room when Ivan arrived. "She rose to meet him, with both armsoutstretched, like a child who welcomes a favorite companion. But at sight »f Ivan, the young girl developing again in due ttourfee' in her 3 heart, made her draw back and blush like a girl with her lover. She held out one hand to him, timidly, with maiden shyness, worideriiVig'whether klie r lifaj iotdone wrong already to show at first sight so much pleasure at'his presence. Ivan seized it and pressed it hard. Then, being (as Ali had rightly said) a m?«, :bejwai£ed »o ( longer B -but, clasped her tight in his encircling arms, and kissed her fervently, a lover's kiss, on her full red lips and pale white forehead: \- •• <ii-".« m. At the kiss, iail the woman within her awoke at once. Her face flushed with a vivid crimson. Olwen Chichele was herself at once. She remembered loved; but nothing more. She awoke to herself, and-npt to the terrible remembrance of Harry. Like a wom^in jUow^.s^ie drew back from his embrace" in iialf-indignant surprise. "Oh. Ivan," she cried, "1= never ;jtpldjfoa~f~-?'j and then she; hesitated. J "No, dirling," Tvan said, seating herugetkiyrtiiifc his arms on the sofa, behind, u Yon never told me; but I guessed * Twassure you loved ; .W>*|i r look her brighter for os both. Olwen, you're finite, and I've come to claim you." her He pressed It once more. Then anxiously. Next instant, ajaif !y retulgthe K * * ^ Wreane mute, 1 thafc'sSle'ittb 1 hat is more expressive than words, for jmany minutes. At last, Olwen turned jto him'^ithi fo^r childi^i ' simplicity, stnd murmured in his ear, "Ivan, I jthink now I am very-happy." 1 Ivan kissed her once more, unrefcrtHiwL tShethVill^d'at the kiss a va^ue,recollection.:, : , ' " Ivan," she asked again softly, after a pause, half hiding her head on his broad shoulder, "why did we ever part at all ? Why Sid you go away so .. j- jc ; ; He hesitated awhile. Then he decided "to risk it.' "'You sent me, Olwen." . ;i;v/>, - The poor girl drew her hand across her eyes a second time with silent wonderment. There's a sort ofxiloud," she said, " that makes me forget things!! I fancy I sonie^pw wa,nted to love you, and thought it was' wicked—I don't know.^hjv Ivan, Ivan, do tell me, darling ? Is'ifc wicked to love you ? " She spoke feeelingly. Ivan drew her face up to 'his own between his hands ' a tliird "time. " No, darling," he said. "It is right. It is good. As soon as you will, Olwen, we two will be married." He said it in an agony of fear and j trembling, lest that crucial word should, at last bring back the past to her bewildered mind. But Olwen beard it without one passing sign of dread or recollection. " Whenever you please," she -whispered, blushing bright again, for I think, Ivan, then I shall understand better." j Half-an-hour. later, Ivan rose to go. He thought Olwen had seen as much of i him for the first day as was at all good for her. He held her hand to say good-bye as she stood facing him. And now, Olwen," he said, with a j serious tone, " jxm must see Ali. You must thank Ali. Be sure you thank him with all your heart. You can never know how good and true that dear fellew has always been to us." " Seeta told me so," Olwen auswered in her sweet low voice. " Dear A3i! he helped you in the desert, and he helped you in the shipwreck. I do so like him. I thought when Seeta spoke to me of it I should love to throw my arms right round him and kiss him. But I don't know how it is, Ivan ; since you came here this morning I feel quite different. A something strange has coine over me everywhere. I never was shy of Ali before; but I'm somehow quite shy of him now this morning." Ivan read her little soul aright in a moment. The woman within iier had quickened again, and she felt a natural reserve now at meeting the man who through fire and flood had brought her back her own lover. "Olwen," he said, speaking with all his utmost earnestness and force, " you must be very, very kind and grateful to Ali. Try to get over your feelings of shyness. Ali has done for you what no other man on earth would" ever have done. No woman on earth but you deserves such devotion. Let Ali see that you fully appreciate him. Be good to him, darling, for he has been good to you and good to me in a way that asks for all our gratitude. W r e can never repay him. And don't forget for worlds about the ring. Remember to tell him it just as I told you." Olwen bent a little bow of gentle assent. " And must I see him alone ?" she asked shrinkingly, "You must see him alone," Ivan answered, with a resolute air. " He and you will have things to say to one another to-day that can never be said before any third person. Ali is our brother. , Treat him like one. No white-skinned man that erer lived deserved half as much of us as that dear kind Ali." When Ali came in, shy and awkward as herself, a few minutes later, Olwen rose like a woman at last to meet him. She talked to him sedately, with grave and earnest kindliness, not like the simple child he had left behind when he >yent to America, but like the sweet and pure-soiled Woman hie had known in old dj&ys; ' in Harry* Chichele's house in London., She thanked him with grateful tears in ; her eyes; thanked liim yitljr natural.. beartful phrases that tbriU^ibhrough his soul, a^d made him long to go down on liis kneefe in ecstasy before lier. He seized her hand and raised it with oriental courtesy" to liis lips. / Olwen permitted him to kiss it. without rebuke. The kiss .sept fite vibrating down his spine arid his, marrow. He laid her hand dpwja, again and drew off the ring she had given him from his finger. "This is yours," he, said, handing it to her with a smile- " I have worn it tlirough many perils and dangers. But I've brought It back safe a^ain—the rin«r & and Ivan." ^ raised his d^sky liand, in Jiers and slipped gently on again! " it *f yours," she said: " We want you to keep it: you 1 to- West it always,: in; memoj-y o£ :both of us. ^e^apd^she held up. her, own small right before him ; i "Ivan bought me.another in London; Ah tevm Ae i wanted you to keep that one.*' '' "' ! J 1 1 iftjp&^is Hps one! after- tW Ube^ on ^bwnMiand and j Olwen's, and kissed-them both in a I .tei mil for a -miltnfce nitisfc.go now, and W -yielding to the momient,6he eld up her lipsjfco ibis sweet simplicity. Black as he was, she could I don't think," she j ^'fep/f^aii;would forblji-rjoi^.; You^veI>e&n; j^ wery, very good tojns i»iways, dear AIM " t | All bent down and . touched them lightly and chivalrously with liis own. It was the one reward of bis Tong and 'aithful ser\ice. He asked formo more. e was amply cepaid by that alone fpr til his toils and cares and hardships, ut ^ as lie himself shad ,tmly said, it finally signed his. warrant of exile. That touch had broken down the barrier :of race between them. ' Thfere was aotliing possible for it' now but Italy. 71 - Meanwhile, as 'Ivan "went out just before from his interview with Olwen, Lizbeth met lum in tlxe passage, with tears in her «yes. " SJie'a in the garden,"'the ^rl said, simply- " You^ ought to'see her. But don't be tookaback. You'll find 'er changed. 1 She's felt it dreadfuL She ain't v^hat she used to be." " Who?" .Ivan asked, oblivious for the moment, of all but Olwen. 1 1 Wv, 'er," the girl answered. " The tall 'un, Miss Mayne: You'd ought to see 'er. a-waitin'*" there for vou. I know she wants to see yer as soon as you're through with -the other." Ivan went out with hasty steps into the garden at the back. There on the lawn fihe r saw Seeta. But., oh, what a Seeta ! 'He started with surprise when his eyes " first fell upon her. To those at Polperran, who had watched; her constantly from day to day, thes change in that beautiful imperious woman had come so slowly and continued so gradually that they scarcely recognised it. But to Ivan Soyle, who had never seen her for more than two years, the difference was nothing short of appalling. She was beautiful still, indeed, and still imperious; but it was with the calm cold beauty of more than middle age. the imperious gait of a queen who has lost her empire. Her hair was tinged with not ungraceful white; her car riage was prouder and firmer than of old; her eyes were yet large and luminous as ever. But a settled melan choly brooded over her face. It was clear that Seeta Mayne had lived her life. Like a shadow, she moved now through the world of living and breath creatures. Majestic and proud and stately as of yore, her stateliness seemed yet like a mere reminiscence of some former state. She looked Louise Quinze marquise descended from some painted picture on the wall not a iiesh-and-biood being of our actual century. Sorrow had stamped itself deep on her face ; the beauty of a great grief was all that she had left now—a great grief borne with endur ance, though not with resignation. But what shocked Ivan Royle more than all the rest was the deep black in which she was habited from head to foot, like a widow in the first few months of her widowhood. He found Olwen dressed in a simple black andwhife morning robe, with a mauve bow at her neck and some bright flowers stuck prettily in her bosom but Seeta was clad throughout in crape of the deepest, unrelieved by tiie slightest dash of color or ornament. Her clear olive skin somewhat paler than its wont, made her look all the graver and more saddened in aspect. Undisguised loss was the keynote of her appearance. Ivan started with surprise at the sight. Seeta smiled a wan and bitter smile, as she held out her thin and wasted hand to him. " Oh yes, I'm changed," she said, with quiet irony. " Greatly changed. I know it. I feel it. But it was hardly polite of you, Ivan, to remark it so distinctly." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 