PA RLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A. CARPER. The Assembly lust week took. up the threads of a most interesting complication, that was only of absorbing interest to those who saw the surface danger and knew no- tiling of the compromise that the Govern ment had made the week before. From the adjournment on Thursday week the case of the operating messengers was practically won, but, nevertheless, the Ministry were determined to inarch out of the citadel with colors flying if possible; and they were’ eminently successful in averting the worst features of .an awkward situation. Of the gigantic combination between the public ser vants typified in Colonel Smith’s motion, there was a great deal of makebelieve. The existence of this combination was as doubt ful as the existence of Mrs Gamp’s bosom fiiend, “ Mrs Harris.” The fact is, that the amendment was a happy inspiration of the gallant colonel’s. The only case that any one was interested in was that of the operating messengers, and the Opposition was interested in them because no less than 17 men on the Ministerial side had expressed themselves as determined to support their claims; but, as it seemed a little ivfra dig to “ whip ” a party of some strength in the interests of unknown clients of such small calibre, the Colonel conceived the bright idea of piling up a host of names simply for effect. As far as he is concerned, he never expected, never wanted, anything more than the Government con ceded. Altogether there is not a more per fectly satisfied man in the House at present than the senior member for Ballarat West. People were beginning to think that his sun had gone down. It was taken for granted that it was not possible for him to strike fire in these “ piping days of peace; - ’ but suddenly, and most unexpectedly, he has brought himself right to the front, and de monstrated that he is a force that has still to be reckoned with—the best part, though, has been played by Mr Munro. All through his generalship has been -clear and consum mate. The part he had to play was to take the utmost advantage of any likely develop ment, and the debate had not proc.-cded more than two hours before he saw his oppor tunity, and followed it must pertinaciously. The inon behind the Government, who were auporting the ameudmeut, as far as it applied to the Telegraph people, were anxious to force the Government to give way. The Opposition were, of course, anxious to force a hostile division. Both sides perfectly understood one -nuother, but the Opposition relied too much upon the obstinacy of the Postmaster- General. The one mistake that was made by Mr Munro was in persisting in not allow ing Colonel Smith to separate the amend ment; whereas had he done so when the House resumed on'. Tuesday, the Ministry would have had to compromise with Colonel Smith, and not, as was eventually done, with Mr M'Coll and Mr Peacock. This blunder gave the Chief Secretary the oppor tunity he had been looking for, an oppor tunity that lie took full advantage of. His speech, the first he has made this session, was quite a taste of old party days, and enabled the Government to retreat with all their colors intact. The lesson—a simple one—of the two nigh ts’.sliarp debate is that it is not wise for a Minister to he guided by the prejudices of his permanent heads; nor la it wise for a Cabinet to follow the lead of such a Minister; It is not Mr Derham’s fault that the Ministry has not suffered a defeat that would have jeopardised the whole bill. v . "The part allotted to Mr Peacock iu last week’s complication was in every sense a cruel one. A young member’s part Is rarely a very pleasant one. It is so easy to make a blunder; and a blunder made in the first session takes years to disoouut. Though taking a somewhat independent course, .the member for duties is yet considered oue of the most reliable supporters of the Govern ment; at least, while uot sitting directly be hind them, he has spared no pains to make his position perfectly understood, and unre liable men never do that. He is a fair ex ample of an independent member who is actually such., as distinguished from, a Corner man who should be in Opposition. The last thing that Mr Peacock desired was tile defeat of the Government, but at the same .time lie did not see his way clear to sacrifice the operating messengers to Ministe rial interests. That the compromise was so satisfactory settled is cutirely due to bis energetic and untiring efforts, a compromise that both Government and opreuting mes sengers have reason to cordially thank him for. His loyalty and sincerity towurds both parties was unquestionable, and his success in n difficult situation was due to the fact that his actions were frank, straightforward, and courageous "throughout. But the most thoroughly disappointed men iu the House on Tuesday night were not those on the Opposition benches, but those in the Ministerial corner. It was known early in the evening on the front Opposition benches that the game was lost, and that both sideß were only endeavoring to gain the best terms possible; but till this was’ un known to tile Ministeiial Corner. Men such as Captain Taylor, Mr Wheeler, and those immediately with them were delighted at the prospect that seemed opening out of an awkward complication, and it was not until they saw Mr Peacock leave the Premier and hurry to his seat, while Mr M’Lellan’s sten torian tones called out “ Mr Peacock,” that they realised that the game was up, and then the cloven hoof showed up badly. Cries of “ Rat, rat,” may sometimes apply to a man who announces that he is going to vote against his speeches, but when that man holds iu his hand all he asked and fought for, as Mr Peacock did, the cry was some what out of place. The refusal of Mr Munro to go to a division was iu every sense a wise act. Cer tainly the Ministry would not have had much to boast of—a majority, pet haps, of four or five, which would have given the Opposition heart and comfort; but the opportunity came too early iu the session, and the issue was too uuimportaut to be of any practical use to Mr Muuro. Further than that, certain members would have had to declare them selves;, aud at present the Opposition prefers that they should continue to cover them selves with sheepskins in the Ministerial Corner. Fortunately for the House the one case before the Election and Qualification Com mittee is fast closing in, and it is within measurable distance of the end of Mr Car ter’s florid speeches to his constituents. His line of action is tlie well defined course laid down iu the unwritten law of Parliament, namely that a challenged member must make himself agreeable all round, if he is to be successful before the committee, aud take every chance of speaking to the constituency with a view to another election. There is a story told of a challenged member, and there is every reason to believe the story true, who made himself so agreeable to his judges that having given a ruling that allowed the petitioner to prove his case conclusively, they deliberately revoked their decision, in order to save the seat of their agreeable friend. When wo reach the British standard in these matters, and hand the judgment over to the Supreme Court, we will hear no more of these stories or of such speeches as Mr Carter lias been delighting in, for a most frankly avowed purpose. Altogether the Ministry , is fortunate iu having passed all their own clauses practi cally intact, except the-one referring to the final appeal in legal questions, and, of course, Mr Nimmo’s amendment. With such a hostile corner the result is all the more satisfactory to Mr Gillies, and cer tainly unexpected, hut the difficulties have only begun, aud it is quite possible that be fore very long the House will get into a knot that will not be untied by the present com bination. Strange, too, what a fascination the Corner game has, and yet the,Ministerial Corner is crowded with the ghosts of fallen reputations and wrecked careers. It requires a map of exceptional ability and strength of character to play that part successfully. The men playiug it at present have neither in any marked degree, and will .probably add their names to the records of the many wrecks that have broken up there. Old members are looking forward to an imminent repetition of the Harper incident of the last Parliament; aud it is not very far I distant. - - 