FEET OF CLAY. A DOMESTIC ROMANCE. fBr AMELIA. E. BARB.] CHAPTER lL-(Continued) jf Aa they spoke they had reaohed the top of the cliff. There was a large flat boulder sear by, and they sat down upon it. Harriet was trembling with indignation, but for all that •he waa under the influence of her brother. His commanding figure, hie striking faoe, his graceful undress uniform, his authoritative manner, affeoted her as such things naturally affect women, though if she had been able to analyse her submission to his will she would both have resisted and resentedthe power that controlled her. "I do not want to sit down,George," she uid, "and there is nouBe in our prolonging this discussion," but yet she obeyed the m&fcdetiBm; ot his eyeB and the touch of his han Irresistible lie must be to a woman in love with him; and her thoughts went laden with pity and fear to the little cottage where Bella Cluoas was at that moment dreaming the sweetest and .the most unlikely of rotuance*. Bat though Harriet sat dowa in obedience to her brother's glanoe and touch, Bhe endeavoured to change the subjeot of conversation, She pointed out the tremulous, swaying motion of the breeze upon the waves and the two or three solitary crafts skimming them. " The herring fleet is in harbour," she said, "Those are private boats. The one to the •eMtward is Colonel Porter's pleasure skiff. That one lying on the horizon belongs to the Kelly's." "Harriet, never mind the boats! I care' AOthing about them. They may go to the; liottom, if the winds and the waves are agree-' •Ma, You say that mother at no time told' yon anything about our family!" *' Mot one word, at any time." " You suppose yourself to hare been born here ?" "I remember no other home." But I do ! I was five years old when I came here, I remember a house that in my memory was ten times as large as the one we are living in now. It had Bturoases as wide as our dining-room—silent, dark stairoases, with soft-footed men in a yellowish livery going np and down them. I remember peeping through the balusters once, and fleeing an endless room all alight, and filled srith ladies and gentlemen, and hearing mmderful music. The house was in a wood or park. I used to ride about it, and think it was all the world, and a very big world, too." "You dreamt the whole story, George. Bella and the peasants, and the fiBher men and women, every one of them, tell me something similar. They say they have been with the fairies." "You need not try to insult my intelligence, Harriet. I dreamt nothing that I have told you, I remember it. As for the fairies " '' Do not abuse the fairies, George. Every one has seen them on this island. Hal Corkhill told me last Tuesday that they kept him in Ballasalla Glen all Monday night." " The man was drunk, of course. But it is singular that both you and mother have taken up the Bame cry. " Have you spoken to mother about {these remembrances as you call them ?" "When I was a boy about 9 years old I told her one night, aa we were walking in the garden, about that other garden. I described both it and the conservatory, and the long glatB-house full of great clusters of white and purple grayee." "Well?" "She said, as you have j aet said—' Georgfl, yon have teen dreaming!' tier voioe was so .cold and stern I durst aiy no more; and, indeed, ehe took me into the house and called Curran—you remember Car ran—and said ' Curran, I particularly request you to tell. Master George no more at>out tbe fairies. He iB beginning to forget where real life ends and fairy-land begins. " "Have you never spoken since ?" " When I went to Rugby I spoke again. She listened then more patiently. 1 reminded her of one dark, windy night, when I went to bed in my clothes and woke np in a carriage. There waa no light but the gleaming of the • carriage- lamps, and I was in the arms of a gentleman who spake kindly CO me and told me to go to sleep again. Mother also spake to me, and I saw you upon her knee. You were a little babe, and you cried a great dral. This is my first remfimbrancoof you, Harriet." "Well, then?" " Only, that when I woke next I was in a ship. There, a man with a long beard carried me about a great deal. I am sure he was a sailor, but tbe man who held me fa the carriage was a gentleman. I cannot say how, being suoh a little follow, I oould make this distinction, but I know that I am correot." " And yon told mother all tnia ?" "I did. I was fourteen years old then, and not to be ohid, and snubbed, and put to bed, but the result came to be about the Bame thing. She smiled incredulously, and said I must have had a singular and forcible dream when I was very young. " Perhaps it is a prophetic one," she added. " You may bare seen the home of your manhood; indeed, I hope great things from you, George," and so on, and eo on, anything to turn the Bnbject and give it an air of fancy and unsubstantiality.'' "Suppose all this is true, George, what does it amount to ? That the probability is, we were born in an aliiuonce which has been lost. That loes implies, as I have said, either Borrow or something worse than sorrow. Perhaps the death of our father made us poor. But what would have been poverty in England i« wealth on the island. I think it is very likely mother retired here in order to save enough to give you your education and commission. She ia precisely the woman to make a grand sacrifice and say nothing about it." " I wonder where the ' sacrifice' comes in. She has always had a beautiful houBe, and plenty of servants, and all that a woman could deeire." "Mother is still handsome. When she came here she must have beefi younger than you are to-day. If there is any truth in your dream, ehe had very likely been born to a high social position. Is it no sacrifioe tor a woman of twenty-three to live in absolute seclusion and give up her whole life to her children?" "Mother always seemed to enjoy herself. Of course women like lovers and admiration, and I daresay ehe could have plenty of both—the officers from the garrison would have liked to come to our house, but I never heard of mother having them, did yon! "I will not sit here and discuss so scandalous an insinuation." " Then we will return home. I meant no harm, not the slightest disrespect, I assure you; but Harriet, you have a bad h&bit; of looking for unpleasant motives." She rose as he spoke, and for some moments they walked on Bilently. The Bait savour of the sea wind was crossed by a waft of hayfields and meadow-sweet; and Harriet could not resist the influence. " How delightful it is!" she said. " What is delightful?" "The air, the eea, the land, the azure above us." " Oh! I was thinking of that thousand pounds. Harriet, I must have it. 1 cannot go bask to my regiment without it. If there u no other way then I will sell out. Any how, a beggar like me haB no business among gentlemen." " You are not a beggar, George. Major de Luny lives in good style upon half your income—and he has a large family." " Pshaw! There is no reasoning with women. A statement is all that they comprehend. I must have a thousand pounds. Will yon help me to get it ? I am your only brother, and you act as if you disliked to put a finger out to aid me in my trouble." " if you are in real trouble I will do all that I possibly can to help you, George." " I am in real trouble. If I do not get the money I shall be mined and disgraced," " Have you told mother this ?' " Well, j es; in a measure." •• Tell her as plainly as you tell me." " You might say the words for me. When I spoke about a thousaud pounds, she stood np and looked at me so steadily, that I did not know what I was saying or doing, and I blundered into an excuse which just made everything worse." " What was that 1 Surely you did not dare to question mother about money, or what you call your ' rights' !" "No. I told her about a bit of paper between young Penrith and me, and the moment I mentioned his name she turned as white as a ghost, cud then fell down in a faint. I thought she was dead for a few uiinutes, and I suffered more than she did, I am sure. It knocked me all up: I was ill for hours, and I could not bear to go through a scene l s He it again." "I should think you would not like mother to go through another scene like it." " You know how to manage mother, Harriet Speak to her; tell her I must have the money. Say you think I ought to have it. Show her how you mi"ht economise a little. You know what to say—anything likely to bring the fcjineae." " George, if I do thu for you will you promise me not to trouble Bella Clacas ? I love Bella ; I do not wait her to suffer for your pleasure. Promise me not to make love to her: you c.'inot do so without deeply wronging ner." "Did I not obev you last Dight? What you told me to do i did." "I spoke in tho hurry of the moment, and pat very wisely,I fear,George ;for considering yenr" former intimacy with Bella, it was only natural that you Bhould have reooeoi«ed her. And Mrr. Clnoas and Kuthie wlll-«x(M0t a oall; and I was foolish to put you in a falae -position. I ought to have allowed you to apeak kindly and naturally to Bella last night, and then no importance would have been ghga to a few worda, either bore or there. George, promise ma not to use you .power oyer Bella.". " Get me a thousand pounds, and you may dictate to me every word that I am to sty in that quarter. Bella is a dear girl, and a handsome girl, and I should enjoy making her desperately in love with me ; but I aai not above being bought out if you want a monopoly of Bella's affection." This declaration closed the conversation. Harriet did not reply to it. She was dazed and pained with the revelations made to her. Onoe ehe glanced into her brother's face. She wondered if there might not be on it some smile or glence which would undo the totally selfish impression of his words. No I It was handsome, cool, and intelligent; but it was the face of a man without a heart. (To be continued.) 