THE BONDMAN.' A NEW SAGA. By HALL CAINE,I .Anthe of "Te Dema er," "A Son of Hagar," S "The Shadow ofa rime," etc.,ate. BYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CIIAPTERe. CnAOtas I. and T .-Jorgen Jorgenson is the \--aernor-iterrl of Iceland, where the plot of the sery is lah IilHs daughter, h tiehtal he is anxi should marry Cmrnt Trollep, the Danish minister for el?ondl, bo t ehe is averse to the proroed smtch. dttendinra eseoling tournament, one of th hon testania, Pteleheas, carries all before hen and Barhac prh?lat hint with the Champion's badge. 8reae-reiag away with his prie he enconters a Onmge r. S tephen Orry, who, being tehllenped. easily tmrows lltricksen, greatly to the asurpri:s of theonlookers. Thatarmo night Patrickshn is found nmurder. The months sed on, and the love of aclrenel and Stliephe bein dimovered, her fathir eaues them arn teyl fleefri m lis preseree. They ltimrate"l mery, uot Stephen turns oat idle anni disole:e. itsh oneler o invited th come and live with them mtlthe hope that shewitllbare somerinllt S est over her on. but he in eno way iutperve.. Anoxlos to pure:sn a beat abe sells her lon oaad aesutfal hir Je a dealer, and prosent the tponorle to her ioushal. Ie leavees her, ibut ony to gruitle and eieao I all. h quarrel menitle between ecihal and her m eotherin- lawo and Steplhen in hirs angr Satrik L hes 'rife anrore the face. Ennri she - nn ks, 'tie yo. fo.rgotten tei da cnth of Iatrici-ea !" Lier \- a-t lhe a b elow, and he reels out of the wloul 'C~rarl:ir LI.--Atter Stephien's baoe dSrtion of /hibs wife, :.'ietl giv, birth ton ason, and calls his name .o.lro. Timc rlls on, twelty yearn pasirned thtedill b.c.emem a l.no. llIe lerrnll the toi of Li cmothers ill o tretrnai, and vows on ler dohi b.do, Sm'ehe dieg lble the return of her ihu.band, tr wereakci.rare on ici fuatr for his inhuirrm crn duct. Canres I'.--The ceae of the story is then ehn?gRl to tthe tle of Man, and tire Goiveror otf Mane tdlm Fairbrherer, receirve a hunted waif, who lera upon his b.,dy the marks of servitude and efferin'. CHAPTER IV. (COrTINUED.) Hardly hid the Governor got back to the house. whenhis bysho , his men, and the maids Sreturnm from reamsey. Very full they all waar of the doings of the day, and Adam, who never sked that son or servant of his should abridge the flow of talk for his presence, sat with his f.eo to the fire and smoked, dozed, dreamt or thought, and left his people to gossip on. What chance had brought the poor man to his door that night? An Ice. lander. tdumb for all uses of speech, who hrd lain in the chains of some tyrant cnptin--a teon man, a seaman with. out wil or child in his owncountry; arida fugitive, a ruanwry, a hunted dog in this one ! Whatnorel of pleading had that very night been br-y in his own memory with the days of hin similnr enfferngs ? Alluat one his ear was arrested by what w.as seing slid behind him. The talk wts of a anler Iwhol had Itused through the torwn, undof the ble.jackets wig were in pursuit of him. te had stolen comehing. eNo, lie had mnrderrl somebodey. Anyway ther was a warraut for his arrest, for the high-bailiffad drawn it. An ill-loothing follow, but lie would becaughtyet, thank goodness, in God's good The Governor twisted about, and asked what the sailor was like, and his boys answered him that lhe wao a foreigueering sort of man in a skin cap and long stockings, and higgoelr by half a heand than Dilly-by-Nite. Just then there was the tramp of feet on the gravel outide and a loud rap at the door. Four men entered. They ware the bluejackets. The foreign seaman that they were in search of had been seen creeping up Ballure, and tirning down towards Lague. Had he been there ? At that one of the boys, ying that his father ied been at home all evening, turned to the Goverorand repe:ated the question. But the good Adom had twisted back to the fire, and with the shank of his pipe hanging loosely from his lips, was storing heavily. "His Excellency is asleep," sid the bluc jacket. No, no. that could not be, for lie had ben taking no the ientred, " Father," cried the lad, antd !,ushea him. Then the Govrernor opened his eyes, and yawned heavily. The bluajncket, aop iet and, told hi story again, and the good Adm eeced to astrnggl hanl ini the effort to graspf it through th mists of sleep. At length he maid," \ hat has the man done :' " Deserted hisShip, your Exeelloency." SNothhng ele--no crime ?" "Nothing else, your Excellency. Has he been here" " No," said the Governor. And at that tIhe wearc man shut his eyes again nod btigan to breathe mostaudibly. But when th:- hlu--jacketo, toking council together, concluded thatsomewhere thereabouts the maon must surcly be, and decided to sleep the night in the s'arleloft, that they might scour the ceontrrin the mornin, the Governor awoke suddenly, saying he ýrul no beds to oiler them,bt they might sleep on the benches of the kitchen. An hour later, when all Lague was asleep, Adam rose from his bed, took adark lantern and went back to the stable-loft, aroused the Ieeland:r, and motioned him to follow. They rosserd the paved court-yard and came in frcat of the window. Adam pointed and the man looked in. The four blue-jackets were lying on the benches drawn round thIe fire, and the dull glare of ftie slumbering peat was on their faces. They were asleep. At that sight the man's ayes flashed, his mouth net hard, the muscles of his cheeks con tracted, and with a hoarse cry nu his throat, she fumbled the haft of the seatunm's knife that ungin his belt, and maude one step for but Adam, laying hold of his ann, looeked into hiseyeo steadfastly, and in the light of the lantern their wild glance fell before him. At the nexat inetofnt the man was gone. The nightowas now far spent. In the town the forts were eileut, the streets quiet, the market-place vaciant, and on the hil-tops the fires had smouldered down. By daybreak next morning the blue-jackets hod gone back empty to ramsey, and by sunrise the English brig had sailed out of the bay. Tw beautiful creeks lie to the south of Pariomv and north of Maughold Head. One iLfdillde Lague, the other Port-y- Vullin. On thasboto of Port-y-Vullin there is a hutbuilt of.-eat and thatched with broom-dark, damp, gy , and ruinous, a ditch where the tenant is allowed to sit rout free. The suc stood high whenoa woman, coming out of this place, found a man sleeping i a broken-ribbed boat that lay aide.down on the beach. She awakened him, ean skeot him into her hut He rose to his fSdt an I followed her. Last night he hadbeen tneitd orit of the bet house in the laerd; this he, in; I e rwa about to be received into the WThewoman was Liza Killey-the slut, tihe The man wes Stephen Orey. CIHAPTER Y. a om monh only haed then passed sinc tie 'dot of Stephen Gnrty'e fight from Icelrndu, lir he satory of his forunea, in the mroerinleor is qdbkly told. i n samre of his brtiul blow, as laos er of his woife's threat, eieia h sowed ay.y in thie hold of an English ship tlidte iled the sere night. Two days latr fail in oilad brought Ihim out of his hliding-plnce, and he had bent c :ilpellee to week before the nast. lII ten moe day hide had signed aetieley as able seaman at the rirot Eglr lipert of cmll. Tien . had followed punihlments for sloth, iranishr memts ife ignorance, and tlumishelreir for not kmn~igw te hliill-I:ivourLd larigngue of hin 'boatsowon. Afier that had come bicerngs, threats,q t:o!se, oethsr, and olen rultures with this ch:f of lm:y Lp tirants, ending with tire blqw of a mcArll -rhikhe over the big Ice Iadder's crown, and tlie little boatsaoin rilliu heardlong overboard. Then lied iollure twenty-eight days rlynt in irons, ricotted tii thu shin's side on tire uncer rleck, with reood and water diet every second dsy arid notlririg between. Fini;die, iry tlie secret good- fellciw bly ofa shilmlritrwihil soine howelr nt coipans. slout, emcape hal come after starvationr, as ntrn "atton bId come alger slvnery, and Sitelhcln lrd anu ashore wshile lis ehilI lay at RIrIrIre in Lflioey Bay. What ocreirred tirereafter at tlie ]liti wlbreto nl hIlr ,lrefici iro one could rightly t-ll. Ho contirrued to lice there with tie trali rwoi rtltit Sire h:bd lwber tire illegiti.irtoe hihli of aeinro!crot Englieh del]tor arl thle dtuiglhlcr of o. neihliourinig vicar, had Iree igiuloed hy her far:o:r, prit oat to nreee by hlir mother, Jhred in gaaorrace, rearedl in ireprurity,rsod had g iwn loto a buaom huany-idle, irmrodest, enthil-hthe rc rer of Ieodoneoo for beoLiol mco within u radius of miles. By whet rts, weht hints, wilat iappeals, iwiot olluremneet, this trollop grt poeaion of Stlidrer Orry it is not hard to gucos. Firet, he was a hunted man, and only one whe dare do anything dire epe doers to him. Next, re wirs aforeigner, durli fer'speech, arid dc-f fir seandal, uarii therefore nihble to learn nriore Ilan hio eyes could tell him of tIre woman rliO lhad given him shrelter, Than the big Iceiader was a lrndsome fellowr; and tdie vnest drrb that ever trailed a petlicoat Imows how to hide lier sluttrnly habits while ahe is hankering after a f/e-grown man. lie thqend of many conspiring circumstaces wire C All ntghis serven. that after much gossip in corners, many jeers, and some tosings of female heads, the vicar of the parish, Parson Gell, called one day at the hut in Port.y-Vullin, and on the following Sun day mnoring, at church, littleItobbie Christian, the clerk and sextou, read out the askings for the marriageo of List Killey, spinster, of thu pariah of Maughold, and Stephen Orry, bache lor. out of Iclsaid. What a wedding it wasthat came three weeks later! Liza wore a gay new gown that had been lent her by a neighbour, Bella Coohrah, a girl who had meant to be married in it her self the year before but had not fully carried out her moral intention and had since borone a child. Wearing such horrowal plumes and a brazen smile of defiance, Liza strutted up to the Communion rail, looking impudently into the men's faces, and saucily into the women's-for thechurch was thronged with an odorous mob that kept up the jabbeling of frogs at spawn and Stephen Orry slouched after Iher in his blowzy garmen:ts with it downward, shame faced, nervous look that his bulky manners could not conceal. Then what a wedding feast it wars tliht followed ! The little cabin in Forty-Vullii reeked and smotked with men and women, and ran out oi to tile sand and pebbles of the beach, for the time of year was rsring and the day was clear and warmnu. Liza s oll lovers were there in troops. With a keg of ru f over his shoulder Sary Crone, the ma keeper, fhad comeo down from the " IHibenria" to give hIerjoy, ald Cloave iioley, the butcher, ihad brought her up half a lamb from UBalla. glass, and Matt Mylchre;st, the not- maker-a vcn:d old skinflint-had charged his big snull horn to the brim for the many noses of the guests. On the table, the form, the three-legged stool, the bed, and thlhearth, they sat together cheek by jowl, their hats hung on the roof rafters, their plates perched on their knees. And loud was their laughter and dubious their talk. Old Thurstan Coobmrgh led offll on the advantages of marriage, saying it was middlin' plain that the gels nowadays must be wedded when they were babies in armrs, for byje-childer wPtre common, and a gel's father didn't care in a general way to look like a fool; but Nary Crowe saw no harm in a lit of sweet hearlin', and Cleave Kinley said no, of coorse, not if a man wasn't puttin' notions into a gel's head; and Matt Mylchroest for his part thought the gels were amsazin' like the ghosts, for they got ioto every skeleton closetabout the house. "But then," said Matt, 1" I'm an ould bachelor, as the sayin' is, and don't know nothin.' " "Ha, ha, ha! of coorse not," laughed the others; and then there was a taste of a toast to 'Liza's future in Nary's rum. " Drop it," said 'Lia, as Nary, lifting his cup, leaned over to whisper. "So I will, but itll be into your ear, woman," said Nary. "So hero's to the king thait's comin.'" By this time Stephen had slipped out of the noisome place, and was rambling on the quiet shore alone, with head bent, cheeks ashy pale, eves fixed, and his brawny hands thrust deep into his pockets. At last, through the dense fumes within the house, Bella Coobragh noted Stephen's absence, and " Where's your man ?" she said to 'Liza, with a tantalizing light in her eye1. " Maybe where yours is, Bella," said 'Liza, with a toss of the head; " near enough, perhaps, but not visible to the naked eye." The effects of going to church on 'Liza Killey were what they often are ou a woman of base nature. With a man to work for her she became more idle than before, and with nothing to fear from scandal more reckless and sluttish. Having hidden her nakedness in the gown of marriage, she lost the last rag of womanly shame. The effects on Stephen Orry wero the deepen. ingof his sloth, his gloom, and his helplessness. What purpose in life he ever had was parm l:sed. On his first coiming to the island he had sailed to the mackerel flshlig in thie boats of Kane Wade-a shrewd Mauxman, who found the big, dumb Icelander a skilful fisherman. Now lie neglected his work, lost self-reliance, and lay about for hours, neither thinkting nor feeling, but with a look of sheer stupidity. And so the two sat together in their ditch, sinking day byday deeper and yet deeper into the mire of idleness, moroseness, and mutual loathing. Neverthcle?se, they had their cheerful houears together. The 'king' of Nary's toast soon came. A child was borni-a bonlny, atoy boy as oever Vet drew breath ; but 'Liza lookedl on it as a chcek to her freedom, a drain on her energy, somei thing helpless and looking to hcr for baceour. So the uniatural mother neglected it, and Stephen, who was reminded by its coming that Rachel had been about to give birth to a child, turned his heart from it and ignored it. Thus there spirit-breaking years drigged on, and Stephens Orry grew woc-besone and stotle eyed. Of old Ie had been slotliful and spirit less indeed, but not a base man. Now his whole nature was all but gone to thle gutter. He had once bnen a truth-teller, but living with a women who assumed that he must be a liar, lie had ended by becoming one. le had no com pany save her company, for his slow wit hadl found it hard to learn tIhe English tongue, and slhe alone could rightly follow him ; he had no desires save the petty ones of daily food and drink; lie had n1o purpose save the degrading purpose of defeating the nightly wanderings of his drunken wife. Thus without any human eye upon him in the dark way ihe was going, Stephen Orry had grown coarse andbhe. But the end was not yet, of all this man was to be and know. One iglht, after spending the day on the sea with the lines for cod, the year deepening to winter, thle air muaggy and cold, he went away home, hungry, and wet and cold, leaving his mates at the door of the "Plough," where there was good company within and the cheer of a busy lire. Home! On reaching Port-y.Vullin lie found the door open, the hearth cold, the floor in a puddle from the dnving rain, not a bite or sup in the cupboard, and his wife lying drunk across the bdl, with the child in its grimy blueness creepl in and ?ing about erher ad. it was tie beginunitgof the end. Once again lie fumbled thehaft of his scaman's knife, and then by a quick impulse lie plucked up the child in his arms. "Now God be praised for your lcor lies," he said, and while he dried the child's pitiful eyes, thle hot drops started to his octn. lIe lit the fire, lie cooked a cod Ice hal brought home with him, he ate himself and fed the httle one. Then lihe sat heforae the arth with the child at his breast, as any mother smight do, and bung over it as only a woman could who had suckled it there, for at length it had come to to to know that if it was not to be lost and worse than orphaned, he must henceforth be father and mother both to it. And when the little eyes, wet no longer, but laughinglike sunshine into the big seared face above them stru'gled in vain winth sleep, he wrapped the child in his ragged guernsey and piat It to lie like a bundle whers tie lire could warm it. Tihen all being dones he sat again, and leaning his elbows on his Iknees covered his aras with his handls, so that thIey miigt olut out thie sound of thIe womnt's heavy breathintig. It was on that night, for the first timo since he lied from Iceland, that hie saw thle full depthl of lil ofience. Olffnel ? Crinti it was, and thlat of the blackest ; ad ill thie terror of his Joncliless he trtb':cd at thIe thought that soms day his bornrble dlumb se?et wouldl becomIt iknownI, lthat something wtould hapIlc: to tell it -that he was married aheady lwhen he mIarried tihe woman whoi lay tbhinid him. At tha:t hIe saw how low he had f.llei--from her who once had beea so pIure and true beside him, and had lewd him and gireu up father, uind htome, and fame for him ; to this trail, wlho ow dragged him throughi tile slush, and trod ou him antd hlated himi. theu the bitter thought camu tlhat what the had t uliored for im, who hitd given hin ererycthing, lie could never repa" by ote kind w iord or look. Lout she was to him S:: ever and ever, amd parted from ilimby a yet wider gulf tha tivo hIundred milets of bea. .Suclh was the agony of his shame, and through itall thie coers of the sleeliog woman went lile iron thriough hiis head, io that ant last he wrapped his arnn abuit it and sobbdd out to the dead fire at his feet, " lhehel! RIachel! Rachel !" All at once hIe becaueo conscious that tihe heavy bIreathing haud ceased, that thie house was cilent, tlmhat somethlg lhad touceled him ou thie shoulder, and that a gaunt ahadow stood beside hiln. Itwas the womuan, who at the sound of his voice had arisen from hcerdrunkeu sleep, and now gased, At that word his blood rat cold, and shiver ing ill his clothes, lIe crouched lower at tihe hre:rth, neclthier answering inor looking up. Then with eyes of hIate she cried again, " Wiht is IRachel ?" But thie only voice that answered hlier was tihe voice that rang withlin him--" I'm a lost man. God Ihelp me I' " Who is iachdel " the woman cried once more, and thie sound of Ilthat nmceo from hier lips, Irlnitnltg it, lbrutalisicig it, Iefouling it, was cthe soet awful thing by which Iis soul had yet icent shaken out of its stupor. " Who is she I say ? Answer me," she cricd in a raging voice; but he crouched there still, with lls haggard face and misly eyes turned down. Then she laid her hand on his shoulder and shook him, and cried bitterly. " WhoF is she, this light o'love- this bag. At tt he stiffelunedc himself up, shuddered , from head to foot, tlung her from him, and f answered in a terrible voice, ' " Woman, she is my wife !" That word, like a thundelbolt left a heavy silence behind it. 'Linn stood looking in terror r at Stephen's face, unable to utter a cry. S But next day she went to Parson Gell and told him all. She got small comfort. Parson Gell had himself had two wives; the first had a deserted him, and after an interval of six years. Sin whidch he hadl not heard from her, ho had married theeccond. So to'Liza ho said, -" HIe may have sinoed against the law, but what proof hroe you? None." SThen she went to the Deoemter at Ramsey. a It was Deeomster Lace-a bachelor much given o tosecret gallantries. She got as little choor from this souree, but r yet she came away with one drop of solace fer. a menting in the bitterness of her heart. "Tut, woman, it's more common than you think for. And where's the hansrm Och it's Sappened to soln of'the best that's going. Now, if he'd beaten you, or streckyou"-and t the good man ra?s.l b3th hands ann shook his h head. Thentho thought leapt to her mindthatshe herself coald punlish Stephen a huundredfold wors, than nmy laws of bishop or deeoster. If she could sloe would not now put him away. Heo i should live on with her, Ihusband or no hus baud, and sie with him, wife or no wife. On her way mo:uo she clletd at the houne of oKau Wade, oat down witll old Blrid'et, shed some crocodile to its, vowce she odlren't have tould it on no account to no other mortlhal bowl, Put would the heartof a swomanlo balotVO it ? her mrua had a wife in his own cour:hry ! Bridget, who hlad herself lad four husbanuds, lifted her hands in horror, and next day, when Steplhen Orry went down to the boats, Kane Wade, who had newly turned Methodist, was there already and told himit-whittling a stick as he spoko--that the fishing, was wonderful lean livn gettin', and if he didn't shorten lands it would be goin' bogging on the iouses they'd all be, sarteo sure. Stephen took the hint in silence, and went off home. 'Liza saw him coming, w,otcled him from the door, and studied his hard set face with a grim smile on her own. Next clay Stephen went off to Matt Myl clhreest the notmaker, but Matt shook his head, sayiog that Manuxmn had struck agaiost foreign men all over the island, and would not work with them. The day after that Stephen tried Nary Crowe, the innkeepor, but Nary saids of coorse, it wasn't himself that was particular, only his customers were gottin' nice extraordinary about a man's moral cha racter. Asa lat hopeo, Stephen wont up to Cleave KinMly, who had land, and sked for a croft of five acres that ran down to the beach of Port-y Vullin. " Nothing easier," said Kinley, "but I must have six pounds for it beginonig half. quarter day." The rent was high, but Stephen agreed to it, and promised to go again the following day to snalhis bargain. Stephen was prompt to his ongagement, but Kiiley had gone on the mountains after soma sheep. Stephen waited, and four hours later Kinley returned, looking abashed, but dogged, and saying he must have good security for a year's reott down. Stephen went back home with his head deep in his breast. Again the woman saw him coming,ngain she studied his face, and again she laughed in her heart. "IIe wi1 lift lhis hand to me," she thought, "and then we shall see." But he seemed to road her purpose, and determined to defeat it. She might starve him, herself, and their child, but the revenge she had set her mind upon she should not have. Yet to live with her and contain himself at every brutul act or bestial word was more than he could trust himself to do, and he determined to flyaway. Let it be anywhere-anywlhero if only out of the torture of lier presence. One place was like another in Mann, for go whero he would to any corner of the island, thern she would surely follow him. Old Thurstoan Coobragh, of Ballacreggan, gave hhn work oat draining a flooded meadow. It was slavery that no other Christian man would do; but for a mouth Stephen Orry worked up to his waist in water, and lived on b.arley-bread and porridge. At the cond of hiL jolholhlad is. saved, and with this money in Itis pocket, and the child in ilis arms, ie hurried down to the Icirbour at Ramsnuy, where an Irish packet lay reaily to sail. Could Io have oatissage to Ireland? Cer tainly he could, but where was his licence ? Stephen Orry had never heard until then that before a man could leave the Isle of Man he mist hold a licence permitting him to do so. " Go to the high bailiff," said the captain of the packet ; and to the ]high bailiff Stephen Orry went. " I come for a licence to go away into Ire land," he said. " Very good. But where is your wife F" said the high bailiff. Are you leavin, her be hind you to bea burden on the parish ' At that Stephen's heart sank, for he saw that his toil had been wasted, and that his savings were worthless. Doomed lihe was for all his weary days to live with the woman who hated him. He was bound to her, he was leashed to lier, and he must go begrimed and bedraggled to the dregs of life with her. So he wenut back home, and hid ins molney in a hole in the thatch of the roof, that the touch of it might vex his memory no more. And then it flashed upon him that what hoe was now suffering from this woman was after all no more than the complement and counter part of what RIchel( lhad sutfered from him in the years behind them. It was just-yes, it was just-and becaus he was a mao and Rachel a woman, it was less than he deserved. So thtnking, lihe sat himself down in his misery with resignation, if not content, vowing never to lift his hand to the woman, however tormented, and never to leave her, however tempted. And whlen one night, after a storm, all open boat came asllore, lie took it and used it to lish with, anld tus lie lived, and thus he wore away his wretched days. And yet he never could have boron his punishment but for the sweet solace of lhis child. It was the llower in his dungeon, the bird at its hars. Since that bad night, whoen his secret had burst from him, he had nursed it and cherished it, and had done for it many tender ofices. Every day he htle softened its oatcake in his broth, and lifted the barley out of his own bowl into the child's basin. In the summer lie had stripped off shoes and stockings to bathe the little ankles in the bay, ad on winter lie had wrapped the child in his jacket and goine bare- armaed. It was now four vear oldaud went everywhlere with Stephen , asatri ls on hois broad back or perched oil his hi,;h shoulders. lIe had christened it lichatel, but because its long wavy lair grew to be of the colour of the sun lie clled it, after thle mansner of the peiopi:e, Sunlocks. Asod like thle aun it was, inll that hut in 'Port-s-Vulin, for lwhet it awoke there was a glint of rosy lighlt, andoi when t slet all was gloom. 1it taught it to speak his natiove Ielandlo tongue, andl tile womant, who found everythiolg evil that Steilhon did, found this a Iarrier between hrler nadtheclild. Itwss oolyinlhisigno rance that he did it. Butoh, strangle deldiny y that oute of Ith father's ignorance was to sholpa thle ehild'sl wisdom in the days thaIlt were to And little Sunloceks was eyes anl ears to Slehen, asod hope to his crushed espiritandl in tell·enc to his slow mrind. At siglt of tlte eili the vacant look would die away from Stepheias fo.lce; at pilay withl hime Stepheu'' great tlkting legs wouild run Ihitller astl thitlher ismready willthugess: and at lhearilng hIis trauge questions, his wonodrous answers, lis pretty, c!eversayings. Stephlen's poor dense wit would seem to staod agape. Oil. little Sunloceks-little Sunlocks--lloatilng like tilhe doaydawn into this lones man's l rioe house, how ouoon was your glad light to be orwrecet! For all at onIce it smotelltephen like a blow o0 the bramn that thoughl it wasl right that he should live withi the wioloan, yet it was an awful tlhingt that the chlild should continue to do so. Groaing up1 it such an atmosphlere with soeb ch Ontext:m tol always present to I?is eyes. what would tl chlild becoe ? Souredl, ?addened, ptrltirhoecaoo 0'uuin perlhailoealicious ; ot leost adapotiog hoiie'ifas ilis father ht-d bone before hits, to the air hlie had to lrea:lthe. And thlinkitng that little Sunlocks, nowu so seet, so sunnoy, so artless, so itlocentl, must comte to this, all thie 0gallof Stephen Orry's fate rose to hisi throat Wl:at could he do ? Trake little Suolocks away ? That was impossible, for he could note take limself away. hy lvlad the lchild been born ? Whly had hte not tlied ? Would not the gool God take him to imseolf ecven now,I in all thle sweetiess of his childhood ? No, no, no--not that elthler; and yet-yee, yes, Spellhen's poor slow brain stlruggled long with is thl ouoght, anld at lengthl a str.n'o tnd soletmnidea took hold of it; little Sunlocks .1 must die, and ohe nmust kill him. Strephen Orry did not wriggle witlh his ion science, orifhe enetod it at all he mtoaslid o m eclf bliovo tlost it rould not be ei bitt saerillce to part with the thing hie held dearest in all the world. Little Sunloeks was his life, but little 1 Sounlocks mustdio! Better, better, bettller so! , And having thus detormilld, he went eau. 1 tioualy, and even eunnugly, work. When the little one had disappeared, lie himself would never be suspected, for all the island would say he loved it too tenderly to do it a r wrong, and he would toll ovorhody that he had taken it to some ohi bodV in the south who had I wlshed to adopt a child. So with Sunlocks a laughing and crowing astride his shoulder, he called at Kane Wado's house o ilallure one day, andl told Bridget how he should mslas the little chap, for Sunlocks was gohlgdownr to the Calf very soon, and would not come home again t for a long time, perhiaps not for many a year, perhaps not until he was a big slip of a lad; and, maybe-who could tell ?-he would inever come back at all. Thus he laid his plans, but even when they w omplete he complete not bring himself to carry thcm Ihrough, ultil one day, going up from the beach to sell a basko t of crals ani eels, ihe found 'Liza drinking at the "IIiber Ilow shel cano by the money was at first his surprise, for Nary Crowo had long abandoned her; and having bitter knowledge of the way shle lid once spent hisi oaniunge, I himself gave her nothing now. But saddesly adark thought came, and he hurried home, thrust his hand into the thatch whero he Ishad hidden his savings, and found the place empty. That was the day to do it, lre thought ; and lie took little Sulosks ain i?ished his chubby face and comnbd his yellow h-ir, curling it over his own groat uucdlft ly.ers, and tput Iris bet clothes oilim--the white cottons pelafore, and the red worsted cap, null the blue stockings freshily dsnes1d. This he did that he might comfort thIe chlils for tale Iut titan, si aleo thati'. ha might re. member him at his hest.' And little Siul3oeko, in high glee at suchls bus preparations, laughed much and chatteredlosg, asking many questions. " Where are we going, father? Out-oh? Where ?" " We'll see, little Suslocks ; we'll see." " But where i Church ? What day is this ?" " The last, little Sunlocks, the last." " Oh, I know, Sunday." Whesn all was realty, Stephen lifted the child to the old perch across his shoulders, and made for the shore. His boat waslyingngroamd there; ihe pulshedit adrift, lifted the child into it, and lapt after. hims. Then taking the oars, he-pllled out for Maug. Little Sunlocks had neverbeen out in the boat before, and everything was a wonder and do light to him. " You said you would take me on the water some day. Didn't you, father '" "Yos, little Suiluejks yes." It was evening, eind the sun was sinking behind she land, very large and rod in its setting. "Dothe sun full down oro'ry dayf, father " "It sets, little Suulocks, it sets.' " What is sets ?" " Dies." " Oh." The waters lay asleep under the soft red glow, and over them the sa fowl were sailing. "Why are tle white birds se'emcing ?" "Maybe they're calling their young, little Sunlocks." It was late spring, and on the headland the sheep were bleating. "Look at the baby one-away, away, up yonder. Whlat's it doing tlire by itself on the atkh and s'ymg and o'yiug and o'ying '" ": aVybe it's lost, little Suslocks." "Then why doesn't somebody go and tell its father ?" And the innocent face wasfull of trouble. The sun went down, the twilight deopeied, the air grow chill, the waters black, andStephen was still pulling round the head. "Father, whlere does the night go when we are asleep ?" " To the other world, little Suulocks." "Oh, I know-H-leaven." Stephen stripped offhis guorusoyand wrapped it about the child. Ilis eyes shono briglhtly, his mouth was parched, butho did not flinch. All thoughts, save one thought, had faded from his view. As he came to Port 3nooar the moon rose and about the same time the light appeared on Point of Ayre. A little later he saw the twinkle of lesser lighis to the south. They were the lights of L?ey, where many happy children gladdened many happy firceidee. ile looked around. There was not a sailin asiht, and not a sound came to his ear over the low munuur of the sea's gentle swell. " Now is thel time." he thought. lie put in his oars and the boat began to drift. - But no, he could not look intotho'child's eyeis and do it. The little'one would sleep soon and then t woueald be easier done. So he took 1dm in his arms and wrapped him in a piece of sail. cloth. " Shut your eyes and sleep, little Son locks." " I'm not sleepy, I'm not." Yet soon the ittle lids fell, opened again and fell once more, and then suddenly the child started up. " But I haven't said my p'ayers." "Say them now, little Sunlocks." " Gentle Jesus, meek andmild, Lookupon a little child, Guard me while in sleepI lie, Take me to Thy home on-on-" " Would you like to go to heaven, little Suolocks f" " No." " Why not?" " ' "I1 want to keep with-with-my fath- " The little eyes were closed by this time, and thechild was asleep on Stephen's knees. Now was sie time-now-now. But no, it was hardoer now than over. The little face-so silent, so0 peaceful how formidable it was ! The little soft hand in his own big hardpalm-howstrong and ter rible ! Stephen looked down at the child and his bowels yearned over it. It cost him a struggle not to kiss it ; but no, that would only make the task harder. Suddenly a new thought smote him. What had this child done that he should take its life ? Who was hie that lihe should rob it of what he could never give it again? By what right did lihe dare to come between this living soul and heaven ? When did the Almighty God tell him what the after life of' this babe was to e ? Stephen trembled at the thought. It was like a voice from the skies calling on him to stop, and a hand reaching out of them to snatch the child froml his a rasp. What he haid intenle to do was not to be? HIeaven had set its face against it! Little Sunlocks was not to die Little Sun. locks was to live. Thank God! Oh! Thank God ! lBut late that night, a group of people stand ing at their doors ons the beach at Iort Lague saw' a tll man isn his lshirt sleeves go by in thi darkness, with ia lteeping child ini his arms. The man was Stephen Orry, and Ihe wus iobiing like a womani whoso heart is Isrokicn. 'Thi ehill was little isunlocksi, ad lhe was being carried back to hiis mthler's omme. The peopel hailed Stephen and told himia that a foreigner from a shI, int the bayl had be-n alsking for hiu tlhat evening, They had sent thile iman along to Plrt-y.-Vulhln. Stelihei hoirricd home withl fear at his lheart. It five miiute hle was there, aud thes his life's blood ran eoll. Ihe foutnd thle house empty, exceplt for hia wife, and sihe lay outstretlchedon lthe loor. Sile w:as cold--tshe ws- dead; aild it clay, oe the wall above hier head, thirese wordsl were writtenl in tlhe Icelatdic tIIongue, " So is iPatricksCen avenged." Avengeda! Oh, plowers of s Ieaven, tihat drive th peltty lIasious of men like dust lefore you ! CIIAPTIIII VI. TItE LI'TIAe WOnLe Oer us0 AND GIPL. Three days liter the bad lottery of 'Lisa .illey's life and death waspllyed out and dlone. Oa the morenisg of the fourthil day some tiime before thle di.tw, tlousghs the mistsi were rnllinrg in front of it, Stephe n Orry rose iin his silent hut itn Porty.-Vullii, lit a fire, cooked i hasoty meal, wakenedl , waslhed, dresi:ed, and fed liulo Suenlockh, thsltnailed Ul, the door from the out side, lifted th, child to his shollders, and trned hisi face towarsle thie south. \h'len ise paseda thro:ugh Lxtey, tlhe tisu stood Ihigs, and the dlitu of tihe roads was beng drirven iu their faices. It wat long past noon wies hle came to Itouglee, and at a little shoh by thie Iharbour bridgelhe bought a Ie-rssywerthl of barley cake, cave half to Sssnstocks, lut tele other half into his pocket, and pIubhn l oi withl loinger srides. Thel tiligiht sws deepesint'g wlhen hIt reached C:astletown, and there he inqusire3 for the leuse of the (overnaor. It eiu poianted out to himn, andl through heavy iron gater, up a winding car risgesway lisned with elms and lbordered with daffodtils, he mad towards the osly door lie saw. It was thie main entrance to tGovernment. Ihouse, a low broad porch, with a bselch o-n either sido, nsd a cross-barred door of knottedl oak. Stplten Orry lpaused before it, loiked siervouslentyrarotndel d tlhess knioelsid with Ills .ktsuvllcs. Ielsad svsslkedsai nndutsd wenttyslies, eunrrying the chdld all the wayi. Ie was weary, footeore, hungry, and covered with dust. 'Ifhe chilsl on hils shoulder was bIgirimed and dirt'y, hIis little face smeared in streakes, hise wavy hair loaded and unkempt. A footmaln in red and Luff, powdered, starised, gartered and dainty, openedthodoor. StephenOrrv asked for the IGovernor, Tho footman lookel out with sur. prise at the bedraggled man with the child, and asked who heowas.. Stephen told his nsen. The footman asked where he came from. Stelhen answered. The footman asked what ho cameo for. Stephen did not reply. Was it for meal? Stephen shook his head. Ormoney? Stephen said no. With another glance of surprise the footman shut the door, saying the Governor was it dinner. Stephen Orry lowered the little one from his shoulder, sat on the bnehin the porch, placel the child on his knee, and gave him the re mainder of the barley cake. All the weary journey through he had been patient and cheerful the brave little man, never once crying aloud at the paine of his long ride, ncver o:ce lwhimpcring at the dust that blinded him, or the heat that irlae hirm thirsty. Holding on at fils father's cap, he had laughed and sung even with the ch:nnels rptill wet on his elhoel, where the big drops had'lro!e.l fro:n his eyes to his chin. Little Sunlock3 mou:hed at his barley cake in silence, and in the gatthering darkness Stephen. watched him. as lie ate. All at once a silvery peal of child's laughter cane fronm within the house, and little Sunlocks dropped the, barley cake from his mouth to liaten. Again it came; and the grimy face of little Sunlocks lightened to asmile, ane that of Stephen Orr lowered and fell. "Wouldn't you like to live in a house like this: little Sunlocks ?" " Yes-with my father." Just then the dirk dooroponed again, and the footman with a taper in hs hand, came out to lightithnolamp in the porch. " WYhat, Ihro still ?:" li said. " I'm waiting to setilhe Governor," Stephen OGr c anwerea. T''lla the footeaiiw t in and tchletleGovernor that a big man nd a child ireht iitititg in the porchi, lalkingsoaie foreign liHugo togelther, ani rftclingtol go auwy without seeing his Excel " Bring them in," scuid the Governor. Adam Pairbrother was at the dinner-lable, enveloped in tobacco clouds. Ilis wife, Ituth, had drawn her chair aside that she might knit. Stelphen t rry onteroed slowly with little San loel hy the danl. " Ths is the paeron, your Excellency," said the footman. " Coime in, Stephen Orry," said the Go vernor. Stephen Orry's face softened at that word of welcome. The fohtman's dropped and he dis. appeared. Then Stephen told his errand. " Ishall come to have givoeou something," he said trying to. speak in English. Adam's wifeo raised hier eyes and glanced over him. Admit himself laid down his pipe and held out his hand towards Sunloeks. But Stephen held the ldild back a moment and spoke agan't. ' " It's all I shall have got to give," he said. " Whatis it ?" said Adam. "The child,"said Stephen, and passedlittle Sunlceks to Adam's outstretched hand. At that Adam's wife ilropped her knitting to her lap, but Stephen seeing nothing of the amazesment written in her face, went oi in h is broken words to tell them all-of his wife's life, -ier death, his own sore temptation, and the voice out of heaven that had called to himre. And then with a moistened eye and a glance at Sun locks, and in a lower tone as if fearing the child might hear, he spoke of what he meant to do now-of how he would go back to the herrings, and maybe to sea, or perhalps down inlothe mhies, but never again to Port-y Vullhi. And because a lone man was no com. panry for a child, andlcould not take a littleone with himi if lhe would, tie had come to it at last that he must needs part with little Sunloeks, lending hidm, or maybe giving, to someone he could trust. " And so," he said huskily, " I shall say to me often and often, 'The Governor is a goodl man atd kind to mee long, long ago,aund I shall give little Sunlocks to him.'" He had dropped hos nao into as ore s no spoke, and btimg now fllished he stoodfumbling hi scraggey goatskincap. Then Ada's wife, who had listened in mute surprise, drew herself ut,, took a long breath, looked first at Stophen, tfhenat Adam, then back at Stephen, and said in a bated whisper : " Well, did any living soul ever hear the like in tis island bhefore '" Not rightly understanding what this might mean,por. Stephen looked back at hier in his w. dazed way, bat made her no answer. '!.Childron might bohe scarce," she said,'ad gave a'littlo angry tols of her head.: Still the meamng of what. she said had not worked its way through Stephen's slow wit, and he mumbled in his poor blundering fashion : " IIeis all I have, ma'am." "Lord-a-massy, man," she cried sharply, " butwo might have every child in the parish at your price." Stephen's fingers now clutchedat his cap, his pantedl lips quivered, and again ha floundered out, staimmeringilke an idiot : "But I lore him, ma'am, moure than all the world." "Then I'll thank you to keep him," she answered, hotly; and after that there was a dead sileice fera moment. In all Slephen's reckoning never once had he counted on' this-that after he had brought himself to that sor pass, at which he could prt with Suulocks, and turn his back on himn, never more to be cheered by his sunny face and merry tongue, never again to bhe wakened by him i the morning, nner to listen to his gentle breathhig in the night, never to feed him and wash him, never to carry him shoulder high-any human errature could say no to him from thought of the little food hie would eat or the little troubl he would ask.' i n Stephen stood a moment, with his poor be' wildered, stupefied face hung dow, and the greatlumps surghg lhot in his throat, and then, witlhout a worn tnore, he stretched out his hand towards the child. But all this time Adam had looked on with swimming eyes, and now lie drew little Sunlocks yet clo-er between his knees, and said, quietly : " luth, we are going to keep the little one. Two faggots will hum better..than one, and this sweet boy will be company for our little Greeba." "Adam," she cried, " haven't youchildren enough of your own, but you must needs take other folks' "P' " Ruth," lie answered, "I liave six sons, and if they had been twelve, perhaps, I should have been betterp!eased, so they hd all been as strong and hearty; and I have one daughter and if there lhad been two it would havo suited ime as well." Now the runour of Stephen Orry's former marriage, which 'Lima had so zealously set afoot, had reached Government-house by way of Lague, and while Steplhelunhadspokeo Adam had remuloehred the storr, entl thinlingof it ae ihauld smoothed thie lihral if little Sunloclks withl a yet ted:leror hand. But Adama's wife, recalling itnow, said wnarmly : "Oa loylouI think it wye storlng up your daughlter witll tOie oerry-bhgt of uncy niga,'h that cames prowlingaalog Cro:.i go3hCeoek iows where." " ItutI," said Adam, as quiefly as bcefore, " wc are ioin' to keep the little oe," nudc iat that his wife rose and walked out of tihe Tlhlolok of bIwildlrment hacd not yet been drive, from St lheou Orrv'e face bII: lih exlres. sion of jly that had followed it. and enow he otoodgl:,ccing froci Adam to the door and fromi the door to Adamn, as muchi as to say, if his crning had blroughlt strife hie was rem:dy to go. lut the Gocrrnoer waved his hand, as thlougl followinig his hlocight antld diomissing it. Tlhen liftincg the child to his kniee, he l?kcd hIis name, whereupou thle litt'e cuci answcreelpromlIly tlat his :LoIe woSl Sun loCk. " liclhael," said Stelcin Orry; " but Icall him Sinlccks." " Michael Sunloeks-a good name, too. And wbat is liisi ago " " Foulr yearn." "Juiit tlhe ago of my own dlarling," soil the (;overraor; anld settinig th, child oin hlis feeut, he rang thie bell and saidl, " lring little (;rcla here." A ul,nict bltur a little brouin·.l-ired lassio. with ruddy cheeks andi u lu;ling ilips and sparkling bIrowu n ees clle rcing into tile ronec. Sice was ili" her ni,,ilit~ oli, ready for bld, lier feet wvere bcore, and uncder oli circa rihe carried a dcll. "i COie hIere, Gre. lnve-g." said thle (Gorerllor. and Ihe brought thiC chlilren face to face, and thec stood aside to watchl tlhem. Theylc regardedll each otlheror for a moment withl thle soloemn aloofn,:ss tlhat olly children kcnow, twistingi and curling aide, eOeing oncoaIothler furtively, neithler of them, seemingil so much as to see the otiher, yet neither of them lceiing anythlling or iianybody else. This little freak of childl manulners ran its course, and thlcen Sualocks, never heceding his Idusty linacfore, or lth littlle maiden'lc whlite nighligown, bit glancing down at hlier btro feet, and seeming to reimeubcr that vwhlc hi own were shoelesv soolncoe carried huin, stcplcd u to hlier, iut his arms about hier, and withll lordly, masculue slpecrioriy of strengtlh, fro ceeded to lift her bodily in his arms. Th[ attempt was a disastrous failure, mid in another moment the two were rollingover each othier on the floor ; a result that provokled the little maiden's direst wrath, and tile blank astoniah ment of little Suolocke. But before tile tear-drop of vexation was yet dry on Greeba's face, or the silent bewilderment had gone from the face of Sunlocks, she was holding out her doll in a sidelong way in his direction, as much as to say he might look at it if hoe liked, only he must notthink that she was asking him ; and he, nothing loth for her fierce reception of his gallant tender, was devouring the strange sight with eyes full of awe. 'Thln followed some short inarticulate chirps. and the doll was passed to Sunlocks, who turned the strange thing--uch as eyes of his had never behold-over and over and over, while the little woman brought oat from dark corners of the room, and from curious recesses unknown save to ler own hands and knees, a slate with a pencil and sponge tied to it by a string, a pc. ture-book whereof the binding hungloose, some bits of ribbon, red and blue, and fnally three tiny cups and saucers with all the accompany ing wonder of cream-juog and tea-.pot. In three minutes more two little bodies were sitting on their. haunches, two little tongues were cacrling and robbling, the room was rippling over with a merry twitter, the strange serious air was gone from the little faces, the little man anddtho little maid were faraway already ill the little world of childhood, and all the universo beside was gone, and lost and for gotten. Stephen Orry had looked: down from hsl great height at the encounter on the floor, and Iris doll, slow eyes hal filled, for in some way that he could not follow there had come to him at that sweet sight the snite deep yearning that had pained him in the boat. And seeing how little Sunlocks was rapt, Stephen struggled hard with himself and said, turning to the Governor: " 'ow's the time for me to slip away." Then they left the room, uanoticld of the busy people on the floor. Tlo !aurn later, after little Sunlocks, having first mised hise fattier his life's friend and only companion, had cried a little, and soon ceased to cry out of joy of his new comradeship, and had then nestled down his sunny head on the pillow where little Greeba's curly doll allo lay, swith the doll between him and tier, and some matmhles in his hand to comfort his heart. Stephen Orry, unable to drag himself away, was tramping the dark roads about the house. He went ofl at length, and was seen no more at Castletown for many years thereafter. Now this adoption of little Sunlocks into the family of the Governor was an incident that produced many effects, and tle first of them was the serious estrangement of Adam and his wife. Never had two persons of temperaments so op posed lived so long in outward harmony. Her face, like some mountain cwuntry, revealed its before and after. Its spring must have been keen and eager, its summer was overcast, and its winter would be cold and frozen. She was, not a Manx woman, but came of a family of French reBlgees, settled as advocates on the north of the island. Always vain of show, she had marriel in her early womanhood, when Adam Fairbrother was newly returned from Barbary, and his adventures abroad were the comnlou gossip and speculation. But Adam had disappointed her ambition at the outset by dro .i inp into the ruts of a homely life. Only on-ce iad sho lifted him out of them, and that w:eas fter twenty years, when the whim and w so. r n of the duke had led him to visitLaguo ; ando thea her impatience, her importunity, her fuss Inn flurry, and appeals in the name of their children, had made himu governor. Meantime, she had rorne him six sons in rapid succession during the first tel years of marriage, and after ami interval of ten other years elheid borne a daughter. Four and tfienty years the good man live.l at peace in ith her, drained of his serenity by her restlessness, and of his uns. tishneos ly her self-seeking. With a wive con. tempt of tritles, hIe had kelpt peace over little things, ni:l the island had long amused itself about his pliant disposition, but now that for the firsttime hso proved unyielding, theisland said lie was wrong. To adopt a child ugaginst the wish of his wife, to take into his family the waif of a drunken woman and an idle fofaigser, was an act of stubborn injusticoannd folly. ut Adam ld to held to is purpose, and Mishel Sun'ocks remains d at Gouenlment house. A year passed, and Sunlocks was trans formed. No one would have reetgnsised hinm. 'lThe day Ilisa father brought him he had been pale under the dust that covered him; he had been timid and had trembled, and his eyes had looked startled, as though he had dready boeen beaten and cuffed and scolded. A chil, like a flower, takes the colour of the air it breathes, and Sunlocks had not been too young to feel thl grimy cold of the atsuosphereo n which hehaOd bien bornl. Bat now lie tiead opened like a roae to tihe sun, and dia cheeks were ruddy and his oyes were bright. Ie had become plump and round snd sturdy, and his Iair lied curled around his head and grown yet warmer of hue, like the plunes of a bird in the love season. And, like a bird, he chlrruppo.l the long day tlrougli, skilpping and tripping and laughing and singing at over thehouse, idolised by somne, beloved by many, eareosed by all, even wuinning upon Mrs. Fairhrother herself, who, whantever her objection to his presence, had not yet steeled herself against ins sweetness. Another year passed, and the children grew together-Sunlocku and Greeba, bay and girl, brother and sister--in the sexless communion of healthy childhood, with their little whims, their little ways their little tiffs, and with the little sorrows tmat overeast existence. And Sunlocks picked up his English words as fast as he picked shells on the beach, gathering them on his tongue as he gathered the shells into his pinafore, dropping them and picking them up again. Yet another year went by, and then over the luminous innocence of the children there crept the strange trad of sex, revealing already thoir little differences of character, and showing what they were to be in days to comu-thie little maid, quick, urgent, impulsive, and vain; the little man, quiet, usellishl, and lpatient, but liable to outbursts of temper. A fourth year passed, and then the little people were parted. The duchess came from London, where her nights had no repose and her days ie freshness, to get back a little of the colour of the sun into iher pallid cheebks, and driving one day from Moutnt Murray to Government-house she lit on Groceb in the road outside Castletown. It was summer, and the littlem-iden of eight, bright as the sunlight that glistened on her head, ier cheeks all pitnk aid white, her eyes splrklmg under ier dark lashes, her brown Isir rippting belild lier, hier frock tucked up in fishwlfo fashion, her legs bare, and her white linen sun- bonnet swinging in er hand, was chasing a butterfly mead the yellow tiposd a rsu that grow by the road side. That vsion of beauty and health awakened a memory of less charm and freshness. The duchess re membered a little maiden of herown who was alsa eight years old, dainty and preltt, butpale alnd sickle, peaked up i a chill stol;e house in London, playing alone with bows and ribbons, talking to Ierself, and having no companion ex cept a fidgetty Frencl govenes-s, who was wnrinkled and had lost some of hler teeth. A few days later the duchess came agaiu to Govoesimesit house, brouglht a gay nenorvat for Greebks, snd prouposed that t0le little maid should go home with hier as playfellow for her only c!hnd. Adampromptly said "' No" to hlier leropos:l, with whatt emphoalis his courtesy would permit, ueing that Oreeha, beitg:o mucl youogcr tlsan her brothers, was like ano only child lt thle family, and that sho was in ally case an osly danghltr. But Adam's wife, thiniking she sa:w her opportunity, found many reasons why Groaba should be allowed to go. For would it be right to cross the wish or s great a lady ?-and one, too, who was in a sense their mistress naso. And then who could say what the duchess might do for the child some da.y -ands i anty event wasn't it a clhancea for which anybody else in the island wouhl givo both his ears to have his dulghlter brougli; up in London, and at the great house of thi Duke of Athol ? Thhi cad of it wass that Adam yielded to his wife now, as ihe hadl often yiicded before. "s Ilstl'll sadlyf siro suy little l:lasie," lie said, "'and I sisucl mi.doubt but 1'11 repentme of lttisg lier go." lYet stlute Adas rlhook hlis hlead aId looked troubled, tie little maid hersclf was ill au ecsLasy of delightl. "' Aid would you really like to go to Lon lonll, (;reebi ven i" "lBut shllsl I see the carriaiges, and the ladies on h'rseback, iuld the eshols, and the little girls i velCvet--lshold 1I, ell " "L tlab so, my vCen, IImayb so." The little asisid gave ouse ghlsce at the infl. nlte sisleulnour of hier leis bhsow ad feather, and ier darke eyes sparkled, while the eyesa of her father Iilled. '" lut st OftIiclhael Sunlocks, you know,e Grelia veic; Ilo, nor miother, tior father." At that word there was a pretty daseoniward curve of the little lip; but life had nt real sorrow for one with euclh a lhat and sulch a prospect, and the inext instani t the0 bright eyes lesspt again to the leapisg hcart. .. Then rul awy, t;irCeba ven--ruin." Tie little imaiden took her father at his word though it was but sadly spoken, and boundei off is chaeo of Michael Sunlocks, that sheo might tellihmis the great news. Sihs found him by the ole wooden bridge of the Silver hunr near tUle Malew Church. Michael Sunlocks hald lately struck up a fast friendship with thle carrier, old crazy Chaise A'Killey, iwho sometilmeisc lent himi his donkaiey for a ride. 3arceheaded, barefooted, with breeches rolled up above the knees, his shoes and stockings swung about his neck, and his wavy, yellow hair rough and tangled, Michael Sunlocks was now seated barebacked on this donkey, tugging the rope that served it for curb and nuaffle, and persuading it by the help of a blackthorn stick to cross the river to the meadow opposite. And it was just when the donkey, a creature of becoming meekness and most venerable ago, was reflecting on these arguments, and contemplating the water at his shoes with a pensive eye, that Greeba, radiant in the happincss of her marvellous hat, came' skippiug on to the bridge. uIn a moment she blurted out her news be. tween many gusts of breath, and Michael Sun. locks, pausing from his labours, eat on his docile beast, and looked up at her with great wonder in his wide blue eyes. " And I shall see the carriages, and the . ladies on horseback, and the ships, and the wax. works, and the wild beasts." The eyes of Sunlocks grew hazy and wet, but the little maiden rattled on, cocking her eye down as she spoke at her reflectionin the smooth : river, for it took a world of glances to grow familiar with the marvel that sat on her headl. "And I shall wearvelvet frocks, and:have new hats often, and lots of goodies and things ; and-and didn't I always say a good fairy would come for me some day.' " What are talking of, you silly.'" said Michael Sunlocks,. " I'm not a silly, and I'm going away, and you are not; andI'll have girls to play with now, not boVys- there!" Michael Sunlocks could bear no more. His eyes overflowed, but his cheeks redee:ed, and he said: " What do I care, you stupid ? You can go, if you like," and then down cams his ": i stick wlth a sounding thl ck on the donkey'" flh.nk. - -.. Now, startled out of sell-composaro by'scla sudden and summary adudre.a, the beast threow '" up his hinder legs an ddacked down his head, and tumbled his rider into the water. Michael Sunlocks scraunbled to his feet, all dripping wet. but with eyes aflame and his little lips set hard, and then laid hold of the rope bridle and tugged with one band, while with the stick in the other he cudgelled the donkey until he had forced it to cross the river +VWhile this rough work was going forward, Greeba, who had shrieked at Michael's fall, stood trembling with clasped hands on the bridge, and when all was over, the little man turned to her with high disdain, and said, after a mighty toss of his glistcningwet head: "Did you think I was drowned, you silly? Wig don't you go, if you are going ?" ot all the splendour of bow and feather could help the little maiden to withstand indifference like this, so her lip fell, siid she said : "Well, you needn't say so, if you are glad r I'mgoing." - And gunlocks answered, " Who says I'm glad Not that I say I'm not, neither," le added quickly, leaping astride his beast gmain. Wnhereupon Greeba said, "If youhad been . going away, I should have cried," and then to save herself from hursting out in his very face, she turned about q.uickly and fled. " But I'm not such a silly, I'm not," Michael Sunlocks shouted after her, and then down came another thwackon the donkey, and away - hespedacrossthe meadow. Butbefore he had ridden far he drew rein and twisted about,' and bow his blue eyes were swimming once. ' re"~ ,, " he called, and his little ,oiie broke .'.t no answer came back to hini. " - " Creeb," he called again, moreloudly, but Greeba did not stop. " Greeba !" he shouted with all his strength -" Greeba-Greeba !" But the little maid had gone, and theroewas no response. The bees were humming in the gold of the gorse, and the fire-flies were buzzing" about the donkey's ears, while the mountains were fading away into a dim wet haze. Half an hourlater the carriageof the duchess drove out tlhrough the iron gates of Govern. ment-house, and the little maiden seated in it by the side of the stately lady was crying ine voice of child- like grief : " Sunlocks-Sunlocks ! Little Sunlocks !" The advantage which the Governor's wife proposed to herself in parting with her daughtdr she never hained, and one of the secret ends of-a her life was thereby not only disappointed but defeited; for lwhile the duches did nothling for Greeba, the girl's absence from home led Alam to do thi more for Michael Sunlocks. Deprived of his immediate object of affection, his own little maiden, Adam -lavished .:his:, love on the stranger whom chance had brought to his dsoor; Lein' first prempted thereto by the thought, w-ihs "ameo'nlyl when it was too lante, that in sending Greeboi nway to be company to some other childhe he ad - left poorlittleSunlochks at home to he sole com pany to lhimself. But Michael Sunlocks soon won for himself the caresses that were once due merely to pity of his loeneliess, antd Adam's heart went out to him with the strong affection of a father. iHe throve, lie greew-a tall, lithe, rouand-limbed. lad, with the smack of a man in his speech and ways, and all the strong beauty of a vigorous woman in his face. Year followed year, his schooldays came and weut, he became more and yetZ_ more the Governor's quick right hand, his pen and his memory, even his judgmeent and the staffho leaned on. It was "Michael Sunlocks" here, and" Michael Sunlocks" there;. and" Michael Sunlocks will seo to that,"and "You may safely leave it to Michael 'Sun. locks," aidmeantimoe the comely and winsome lad, with a mani's sturdy independence of spirit, but a woman's yearning for love, having, lonw found where this accousntlay in the houie of Governor Fairbrother, chang to that good' man with more than the affection, because less than the confidence, of a son, and like ason he stood to himn. Now, for one who found this relation sweet. and beautiful, there were many who foaud it false and unjust, implying an unnatural pre ference of a father for a stranger before his own. children; and foremost among those who took this unfavourable view were Irs. Fairblrother and her sons. She blamed her husband and they blamed Michael Sunlocks. The six sons of Adam Fairbrother had grown. into six rude men, all big, lusty fellowsa, rough and hungry, seared and scarred, like the land, they lives on, but differing much at many points. lsher, the eldest, three and thirty when Sanlocks was fiftecn, was fair, with grey eyes, flabby face, and no chin to speak of, good. hearted, but unstable as water. ie was for letting the oldnmau and the lad alone. " Aisy, man, disy, what's the odds ?" he would say, in his drawling way of speaking. But Ross, the second son, and Stean, the third, both cruel, and hot-blooded men,reproachedlA?her with not objecting from the first, for " Oeh," they wnuld' sar, " oeaslof those fine days the ship will he wrecked and scuttled beforo yet very eyes, and not a pound of cargo left at her; and all lonsg of that ursedl young imp that's aoter sniflli' and snifin' abaft of tleuuld inmli," a figure of spech wlhich meant thlat Adam would will his blongisge to Michael Sunloeks. And at that conjecture, Thurstan, the fonrlhson,a black-• bearded'fellor Initol bootp, 5,auye.srred-y?e I : with much drinking, but sltrong of wll ad th ie ruler of hies brothere, would esy ' Aw well,let the little beachl-ca"bcr keep his weather eyo. lif tin'," and Jacob, tile filth rol, sandy as a fox, and as sly and watchlful, and John, the youngest, known as Gentleanr Johnny, out of tribute to his love of dress, wouild shlke thielr heads together, naed hinlt tlt they would yet finul a way to cook the goose of any smooth faced hlypocrite shaming Aralhrnu. hSTs na duieetlby tried Ia yet MIchael stories of his father, Slephen Orrey, ow a name of terror to good peopll from north to south of the islbed, a secret t lur runnuing between the reseniue cutters in lee ports owl soiiioggelrs out-' side, perhaps a wreeker iaunilg thel rough chauuels of tihe Calf, au outlaw growing rich by crime, and mayba by blood. The evile rumours mnde no imprnesseo old Adn m, but' tley produed a powerful effect wcecie no effect' h ad enr expected, Bit bybit, his heart went out to the Govcrnor, thore grow upon Michael Sunlocks a dceep loathing of the very name and thought of his father. The memsory --hisf father was now a thing of the "miid, not thei offeetions, and the chain of the . two emotions, love for his foster, father' and dread of his natural one, slowly but surely tightened about him,so that hid strengeat loe weas that hie might never aniin set eyes on Stplhen Orry. y tlids weakness lie fell asgain at leglhinlto thie hands of theosix Fairbrotheorsb, aud led the way to atotual ruptur of old Adam's f amily. iTo escosnxcees .) 