. TETE A TETiv. . . Thus may wo sooliow tho \Voi-Ul\vag!i. — .!» You fAX-e it. Tub Fb« Pojiiiti of tho Central District ,ia slowly but suroly declaring ' in ' favor of Territorial Separation. The suliemo is .onp looking well ivhou viewed from a distance "according to tlio principle "far off fowls \- iiuve uno reamers, uus i uonevc 10 win also maintain its reputation as the panacea for all our ills in this vexed corner of tho poytf».l vineyard, as they' say in-1 orthodox " pflj(oncse." Tho ouo and oulv ohanco the Central District has had, and in all proba bility will havo, lies in pushing forward Territorial; Separation to its definito and legitimate conclusion. No ueutimontal idols ! relative to the Union previously existing with other parts of Queensland must be allowed to intorforo with tho duty of the Central Division in striking out for herself. Tho glorious lines in Julius Casar indicative, of tho importnneo of seizing opportunities; "An the' bop," as the Yankees say, are curiously apropos hero — - < , . '.'Jl'liovo is a tlflo ill tho aftuin of men i ' wliloli t&kon; at tlia llooil loads 011 to fortune, ! Omitted all the voyagoot their Hfn j -. -, . Is hound inshallows ami hi miseries." j j Our Separation tido- is nat' tho flood now-j Everything pomts to tbo necessity for sus- ; tained, as well as combined ' hotion, and; although, as Addison's Cato says," 'Tis not in| m irtals to command succoss,"' we'point to the second line'of- tlie couplet as onr wa tcb"' word — 11 But we'll do more SomprbnlusV we'll doservb'lt!'' -: /-»' # "lis always the Bamo wif ! Just.'aiitioiuicoj that it .isjiptouJed to .celebrate tlie birthday! of the Prince of.Walos, ami iu Itoekhnmptou.j at least, it is sufficient to. oa.uso Jupiter! Pluvius, to got 1 all his ;watOring-pots and; hy (rants into working -order, to damp the enthusiasm of his Royal Higliness's faithful subjects. in prospcclu. Surely old Jove. must, have imbibod some Republican ideas iu 'his old age, notwithstanding his own poait'ou as ruler of 'Olympus. Bo' this lis it may, a utorb' miserable holiday than tho Prince of -Wales'. Birthday was nover passod iu Rook- hampton. From early morning, to latest, eve the rain came down with' a' sort of: grim,; determined! resolute obstinacy tis much as to; say, " I'll give yooi your li'oart's contaut of it." .Ouo,' of coin-so, . mado a virtue of ueoossity, and affected to rejoice that the country was henofiting by .thb'Avoleoiiib! showers. But it was moro than human' nature oould rise to in the way of salf-sacr ifice,: to repress the. sigh tluit carno involuntarily on the contemplation of the picnic baskets and all the delicacies ; of ;tho season'. Next year it would bo as' well, in order to' swindle Mr. Jupiter Pluvius/nnd upset his calcula tions, to celebrnto tho holiday a day earlier or a day later. , ; ' V # > Kay good friend, the Mayor is "an individual gifted with the ability of seeing its '.far through a wooden door as anyone else. This being so, I always feel it incumbent to turn a subject outside in more rigorously than usual, when I find myself at issue " with " his Woshup," as the imposing looking Mr. Nugginsln Piokwick remarks. But with re gard to tho bridges in the Gogango Division used by tho ratepayers of libokliamptbii'arid Hock hauipton North, to which the Board wish to induce tho said boroughs to con tribute: Now, I cannot but repent what I said Inst week, that if the Fitzroy Bridge carries with it a triple responsibility, and a triple ownership, so to speak, . the . other bridges ought to carry with them a similar oonuomitant ciroumstiinces. The nunlogy between the two coses is indisputable. If tho one carries oonviotion, why not the other ? His Worship's position is confessedly illogical. Although he affects to pooh-pooh tho claims of the Board, he yet has to admit that rate- payers of tho two Rockhampton boroughs use tlioso bridges. And if they use tho >,' why not pay for thoir maintonnnce P This is the eole ground the Counail has against the Board, seeing that by . his Worship's own admission the approaches to the bridge on either side as maintained by the Municipal Council. Where- tho difference lies hetween tho Divisional ratepayers using the Fitzroy Bridge and tho Municipal rate payers using tho Divisional bridges, I cannot see, especially when the former individuals contribute to tho main bridge over the river, why Bhould tho latter class escape scot-froo' from contribution to the subordinate bridges. It' 8 a conundrum, I guess, and, like Mark Twain, I very much give it . up. ' .. ( " ' The fact that' Alderman. Cahill has suc ceeded- in securing '-all 'the proclaimed holidays for the draymen andlaborers in tho service of the Council constitutes a vog( strong claim for him upon tho gratitude of the men. It was the old story, of course, that while the olerical staff and the higher officials in tho employment of tho borough could get a holiday on such occasions with out any trouble, and at full salary, the same privilege if proposed by the laborers, would : raise such a howl of indignation as to bring down the cobwebs of custom about our ears. Yet, why should not theso good men par ticipate in these bonofits P They have-as much faculty of enjoyment as the rest of us,, and yet they are cribbed, cabined, and con fined in the matter of pleasures and' relaxa tion as if the capacity of- enjoyment had left them, or was unknown to them. Well dope. Alderman Cahill. # The question of Curnow's retiring allow ance as Commissioner of Railways has' oc casioned a most unseemly squabble in tlio House. It is possible to do a right thing in so obnoxiously wrong a manner that the matter itself will appear a blunder. This is what has been hero. Tho contention of Sir Samuel Griffith and liis friends was that pen- \- sions and superanuation allowances are an abuse and an excrosconoe which must bo lopped off the political stem. Yet so clumsily was the matter managed that Sir Samuel Griffith actually appeared tocast adoubt upon the efficiency of Mr. Curnow, while apparently tuking his part over the slight put upon : liira with regard to the appointment of tho awiuuuj |uwmimoaiuuuiu. oauoa >u - juuth service for the colony, during which period he had filled overyposition in tboDepartmont from ticket clerk to Railway Commissioner, verily 'tis a cruel stroke to be cast off like a pair of worn out shoes, and another official with porhaps a little more general, bat certainly not more technical exporionuo, ajjWjjjited in his place. Iloigho I 'tis the same aKSsfr the world, as Lytton writes— . iTis a vory good world wo llvo in, To land or to spend or to glvo ill, Put to bog, or borrow, or got a man's own, 'Tis tho vary worst world that ever was known, # # # "Parliament was prorogued yesterday by Gazette' Extraordinary issued on Thursday, I havo been rather amused by tho romarka passed by the Ministerial PrasB on tlio character of tho session. Thoy are at thoir wit's end to niako out a good- conduct sheet in tho number of bills passed this year. Bat, alas, alas, three bills, and only tbrco, can one journal adduce in favor of its as- sertinn that tho session has resulted in " a goodly crop of measures." I fear our good fellow-scribe's idea of quantity has boen sorely biaaaad by his political prejudices when three miserable littlo bills constitute " a goodly crop." Of course I am quite p'o- parod to admit that whoi'o there is but little to brin" forward, that littlo must bo mado to go a long way. Yet three hills, as a goodly crop ;of moasuros, is a little bit Moon you know. One thing I um gliul to see, hnw.-vor, that ;thi8- sumo good old journal has p'ro- laiiued a definite policy at last relative to tin recent ; Ministerial crisis. Hitherto it lias beou politically sco-snwiug iu a most approved stylo, but now, seemingly, wo havo got it bound down to a support of tho Ministry as against Sir Thomas M'lhvrjiith ! At least, so tho leader of yostorduy's issue would read. " ' # » The Central Railway vote 111 Parliament lias been made tlio peg on which to hang a most wanton and undosorvod attack upon Miv Liuthwaite, tho Locomotive Foreman of tho Central Railway. Becauso tliis gontlomau does his duty fearlessly and Impartially, I10 is rated as one who is all that is incompotent and inefficient, wliilo the indisputnblo logio of flints shows that amove I energetic, enthusiastic, and competent officor does not exist in tho service.- If 'this ! is the way hard-working officials of tho Civil: sorvico are treated' by tlio drowsy faineants of Pavliniuont, all tlioso intoi-astc'd iu their i work for thoir . work's: snku; . which is; the: central principle of tho grunt; Gospel of : Labor, will literally ;be .dviyuni out ofthairj TCspeutiyo, spheres to pinko room for parasites 1 and lick-spittle?. . , ' ' v / A !-!< r> ; '' ",lt'-''is not '.ofton tliiit. tlio quiet 'siiiidos of! Emu ' Park iii'0' disturbed by ally ovor- wliolming wayo of sensalioii such us occurred ' last woiik. 'It' appears that Uo' BChoiue for tho Emu'Park Sbhool hoi ht iiiit;taken firm I root, and m ii vei-y-'fow weeks we will soo: tho.po Ihgogu:-;, and his pupils iu. tho. full! swing of knowledgo-griuding. As : tho; Bchoolhonse.' howbvdr, is one" of ' thOso things - that tho fpl: 1 re must witness, not the present, i that pulilii -spirited l'ebidont of Emu Park,; Mr. F. Comley, goiiorously offered tho use of j the li-ill attachod ,-to.his hotol until suoli! tiiuo..ns tlio.seliool buil.dings .iyquld be ready.! As, hbwevorY' it ' iviis nbsOliitely necessary that two -(billets y d'asance eliQuJd ljo'; provided for "tlio 'itse!' of "tliu ''children, tho diffioulty arose wiioro' 'thoy 'would b'Oj plhcc!d,: A'woUiknbwn-Rookhtihiptbn citizen,: lately ' retired' froth business,'1 is 'the! owner of an nllotir.ont; adjoining "Mr.; Comley's Hnll, 'and ''tho doinniittoo' ab-i cordingly 'mado tho, 'very natural request! 'that this good1 citizen' shbuld consent to' theso «« edifices." being croctfe'd for tho time! being 011 'his allotment. But the eomihittouj reckoned without tlioir host. With' all the dignity of which he stood possessed; ho drew; himself up to his 'full, height, and in his; lnrge8t"capitftls asko'd th'oni "'Did they mean! to insult him by asking him -to pub snuhl stractiucs on his valuablo - allotments. No,'.' ho snid, "a thousind timos -No."- Accordingly, tho ODinmittco had sorrowfully; to botako tlielnselves - olsowhore to gain the required permission. , But only to the gonial' Fred Comley could, they go,-- who at once aeceded'to their, request, and l.ho''-edifices wore duly o'rderdd.'to bo erected near the! hall. As ill-luok. would have it, liowover, wlidn - tho btiildors of. theso important structures ciimC . : to H plniio them in; position, they chanced to leiivo them' for tlio night. ; upon : the 11 border line dividing the well- known citizen's land,; tp.whpm wo.havo referred from, that of Mr! F. Comloy. In fact,, they had, onoroached; about six. or oiglit inohes upon the allotment of the citizen in., question. As usual,, wlion.1 the shadeB of night had . fallen ovor tho! peaceful village of Emu Park' tho latter' .indiyidual betook himself the inspoct liis pot allotment, and to gloat in expectation over the chink of dollars he would get from it.; But stay, -when on this .espocinl .evening, ho reaches it, horror of hoirors, what is that hc: perceives upon: it. . One maison d'aisance. would havo been bad enough, but two — O Lord ! Suddenly a thought strikes him — is it so— surely not— yea., verily it so, the-baok'; of one of :- theso obnoxious edifices is exactly Bix. inches .over his land. .Then did a fiendish' joy take possesion of him, and he ohuuklod: unto himself like unto a.burglai'|going forth; to bnrglo 011 a pitchy dark night. : Stealing1 home to where bo was residing, ho procured a weapon of offonco — to wit a tomahawk, and. armed with this ho .incarcerated . himself: within ono of the " edifices;" and began to knock tho .sidd .out of it. Meantime;, the; eommittdo.jWere.al.ap nnxious. to view tho; " houses," and they repaired, en masse to the! scene just in time to. hoar, the .uproar inside' the; one. in .question, comnienco. . Horror! seized upon thorn. WaB it, ghost or.: spirit'; from the vasty deep that was: making' that, hideous : din, or was a burglar; striving to. walK off, bodily with, tlieir pec maison d'aisance. At. lasc oum ;.">f - the committee plucked .up courage , and ap proached the "edifice." Shouts, calls, threats and entreaties all alike. ;wero un-. availiug to lay the spirit within. As longth. to savo their edifice from ruin complete, they ! proposed to tilt it ovor- on end so as to dis-i cover, who. \yas tho- intrudor. .Scai-uoly was; .this done when through the bottom of the . building there rolled forth the well-rccognis- ' able form of the "prominent citizen" in- question, who had boon' " looking after the interests of ray land, vou know." . . ZINGARO. ; 