Who and WhatWas It. "G host lWhat fdge la nNo.onereally believes ini them, "you know, Gyneth,-i ia young Gilbert- Mallandaine, =hading his yelow.halired. cousin a plste,??rhpreon were ha'f a.do~en chestniits rcasthd to a'trn?." "'Hejeat scars, who never felt a wound,' . quotd i olft-fined?oice fromi the deep gloof-the chimney corner; andthes wordsawereasit so gravely that -everyo~e looked icmroa tosarde Colonel Egerton.:' Gyneth, with her yellow !hair-nd. her lihzel eyes,'had an easgr, wistful i xpression on her delicate featmes; and as she tried fo pierce the gloom, a tongue of -flmelrleaped up from the yule log in the wide:chimLey, andnmomentarilytillumined :a dark, h~nd. some facp.- Tben the lame ia -k, ?ndra silence fell on the little party. There ware not many-of them, though ia wasChrietmaa Er tani' dgenerally Coristmasiwas kept'in fine old;style at itallandlied ai l; but Sir Edward's sister had died 9ui:e recently; to the home oie,;O ,S.r E iarJ aud liots n asid daughter, was onlyiucr used Ly tle preence of Gyneth'?i anidGiltirt- ihomOe from Ox ford-Colonel Elerttn, a friend of ten ars' standiong pida sister oS $'Kilsv ti dead wife. .Betwein Gyneth and Cjlonel Edgr ton ' there had altias xris'ed a perfect on dirstanding. from the tae ni e first knee Sir Edward and his-family, when Gyneth was ? child and sot on the Co1onTela -knee. His affection for the child was: singularlyistrong and tenacious, Sir Edward often thought' there maot be some deeper reasein for this than Gyneth's beauty and charm, for some timnis the Colonel would -1ook into the child's eyes as if he were trying to read tbh¬r Eome answer to a question in his own heart, and then he would strain her to him, and sonhold'her for miinutes, with' hbslfice bowed down on her ?unny Led. 'Tbis:was only when hesthought.himaelfqnite alone with Gyneth, and the child never spoke of such ,moment,-.nor'did Sir- Edwardrever questichabia friend concernnig hie'lote for tbe:little milden. : - - ?Gyneth-was not a elitldnow in ycarp, but shelwas in heart; or shethought she was. - Ii'the winter gloaming these peop'e; all botma 'together by ties' otfclo?e affectiod r gathered rouind the yuole log-in the great dining-room,- and toasted chestouts and talked in desultory fashioni till someone-it was Gyneth's -bbrther Digby-soggeeted a ghost story, and so: called forth Gilbert's jesting exclamation. " But Colonel Egertgn,': young Oxford first broke the silence, you don't mean that yod believein ghostea" -"Why not?!-" "Oh I you're'joking ="No, I am very eerionu.e Yon-ca 't no deratakd 'a 'man of. forty believiog' -uch nbisense;. but there is sunch a thing, you kidwr- as'the -scepticism- of ignorance and Inexperience." ..- ' - : Gilbert looked rather ashamed; and colored high. 'The Colonel "saw- this -for.young Malianfaine at 'in the fall light of -the'fire -undthedi changed his tone, for be was ia teinderbearted es a woman, and- c~ila pot endiire to give psli. - "'I beg your prdon,"-he said,:wibthat noble courtesy whichnever abrinks from own. ing-a fault, however young r humblebe the pereon ffended. ? I allowed. my -personal feeling to un away with me just now. This is a tacred subj-ct with me, and I own it gives me a kind of pain to bear it ridiculed by tbse. who only repeat what they hear.". "I'm so sorry, Colonel Egerton," said Gil bert penitently, "-I didn't know--? ? "No; no, Gilbert-how should-you knowi Yon were thoughtlese, thouh-r nt more so than many of your elders People say 'oee ing is beliePing t'ioi'soe-ppebople see, and yet they won't believe." "I fancy-I' hould,' said- Gilbert; "but, Colonel E;erton,'did.you ever eee a ghost I" "No," be answered, in a low tone, "I nexer saw one." qisgan' Gynethiobked: ip with that" raber, wistful look, but she said nothing. ".1 "'B"ut-'on. have-'known bsomething," raid Gilbert, no longerjiking, but earnist, "that makes you speak as yon d~!'l' . ''Gitbrt,- :whispered sensitive Gyneth, "oi't'ask himu itis'sminething bdedorsi't like 0to alkabou:i ' " vTi f othbOn ht- '". Colonel Egirton began anidpa '- A atrsngefeeling of expectancy -a'motitof- awiwhng ?over the' little chilne: Noonespoke. ," Ifllthought".the Colrnel writdon, "tlhfmy experience -rwonld'belo. anyone hei-etospeak and to speak reverentlj o~tiyteiics whiehbink the materal with the spiritual world, I would speak to you- of that whic?h?Mas never yet passed my lips; the relation will give me some 'pain, but some hppirnes also." . OGi Colonel Egerton;"-exelaied- GOi beqt and Dgby, almoEtin a breadh, don't'telI n iffo enwould rather not ':: -' - -"If yeouire illi~gto listen,"--the soldier began gently.. - "Ah 9 you know how-we should l".Ike1 to hear," wasqdiekly spoken by all. Sir'Edward joinTg I, all except Gyneth. " She -held her breath'sandherheart-tbrobbed; brit shlesaid nothing.. Involuntarily they all drewcloser togethery and:GlObert, the-sceptic, glancedaover his shoulder at the dark room behind him..::In the-brief pia-;eGynetli 're fram her shat sad'wents ftly towards 'the" C e,lae ,;,~e had cerlasiely oaah no sign to her; andishe could not see his face, he was to deepin;the eba'low; but CP?-be came rond to his. ide, he looked p inthe 'fair yfouung fase, .t~king her hand in- hie., hs . -, What made you come to me i "o beris pre i.' m w did iaon gknow iwanted:yo? i'" 'scannot1e1ll, hsaiid, "bo l - you did t d "Ai !ij`t ;ee i, I cannot sprak;-pt Tait; ntot tof is,-tnesryon are by my side" "There was riom ~ n the settea; he'drI"w Ihe girl' down'b' him, andpot his armiound her She trembled--she knewnot why,-but she hltthatlbe tremb'ei more, and his heart beat heavily. He seemed to be very strongly agita ed-haothe m'mstered himself be-was a an in ir o'n relf-eomiraud wasisecond O aieranid tben 5e begaq; sekingis a .You all know thSt my mother; wksa ermat -andsi that in tse France.German i,?rani?ved in one of the resients -nder th~'Crown'Prlnce Fiedericeh Wilbelm, 'unser SFritz.' . I bare t-Ild yon inany of my .ex .erlehcPr -bet of this one never until this -venig. - ':"In a--sharps'irmlsh with French troops near a village called Geneociran I was severe. Iyi'ounded, an- after bhing found on the \- ld by pomeobf the Fch I was taken to tbe- ambllane. where 1 was tended by the -s-rgeon as if Ihad been a friend instead of :so- enemy:-- The nnrsse in this ambularcee -eioe rllSiisters'bf Cality, and -I was ens of .f?o-r atients plaed specially order the rare io :Sa?oi- Rs.e?Mar'e. hbbe wae, I euppose, .,ahbout twentyflre yea's old, and if I say she (!twas a lovely woman, I say ;what sounds .ioe?ly coanventioral,.beause nowords could 4eszQlribe:abeeauty- like oere.: It was. the .? it.tyofasauirt. -- Rle-Marie .was asaint. 8hb mig;ht have beenone of the fire.hand. e,.-.,n:s:; "- '.Whosenames . ".L? r " e sweet ymsheies.' ' "rstc; o ?75n"-othnk sometimes she was, and 1d hi-eFBosilyr.'- I'1 told her why oneday, -'iafsh? ?eproved me. In her own eyes she 'iwa ainner; Iot we smiled if she raid this. D:a'I love RI:oMarieo Love herl No, fiotmWire.undersea',d love between ni.n and iomen; she was a nun; and she was as far iboe eall ear hly ras ions- as Heaven is. ibDre earth, I wozrshipped her-Iloved her 5rth a lorv ideal, prre, as'if she had been the embodied eaint I half rlbelevcdher to be. But she psaessed my whcie being; she will always posses it. Se changed the whole current of my life and thought; and she loved me as a Raint may love a sinner; not Sgoman loves a man. Heaven and my He paused a moment; his hand sought Gyneth's, and clasped it very clcsa. That e?medto:giva tim"atrength.c-wHeyent .op. ! "The time came that my wounds were healed. I;Tmuutl'go outs ,from heaven to "'Shall we ever be together again?' I aid, when we parted. :; "'We 'shall' alwayshb e'toether,' she:ah prered. ":Heaven gave:s to each:bther.l WYe cannot be parted.: :i . ["! I hnderstood her,'and, even in.my.terri le grief, I was comforted. I .mever saw. Rie-Marie again. Iii the wfaltime of.the.Commune she was in Paris, compelling the adoration of even the ierce Atheiut commnn'aids by the unb izilty pf her cbaracter the perfection of her self hbnceation. Shew alked fearlessly amid the tumuit of the stre~etsto seek the wounded and: dying; and' one'day. a try: shot--thei lowest of. the murderous cre?w woold not have; wilfolly have harmed .her--struck her and she fell ". She was carried into the nearest place-a church-and so died, as she would 3ave :wished to die; before the altar, in the very presence of God." SHe bowed his he.id, ad scarcely the whie per parsed hisnli's," nose-Malnrie, my sa'nt, my. good, my hope,- we shall meet 'face to ;faeeone dayl- : . Sfao one dpoke;'the flames flickered and rippled softly. There was a .knd of:awie prer the little gathering.. It seemed asif this sainted nun were among them. -Colonel Egerton went on. :!' Years passed over, and, after nmuch tra vtl'iag and foreign service,I found myself at I?st.once more in London. .It wan shortly' ibefo:e I had the great happiness of kuow ing yct." He spoke as to all: bhut instinc 'ively, involuntarily,?h e diew Gyneth's'fair head toiards his breast, sa if in his heart he weoide were for her. " Iwa?s not at that time very well'off;and I onuld not afford to live at an hotel, or even ,in the best class 'of apartmenta. ,: was 'obliged to look out' for rooms inm central part of London, where I could get space and comfort at; a moderate rent.' Afterhunting about for a day or two. iwithout'fding what I wanted, I called at a honne in Doughty street, Lear the Foundling (Hospital. "The door was opened to me by a man of whom I took nio particular notice, 'but I was not very agreeably impressed by ihim.. However, I inquired far what I ,wanted-a drawing-room floor-and he in formed me theirs was to:let, naming a rent that cameas ithin my means. 'I will- send my 'wife up to you,' he said, and in a minute or two Mrs. Burton-that was the name appeared. ' She was a neat-looking woman of perhaps 45-the husband was older-but her manner was.exceedingly effusive,.'and she: never looked straight at younwhen she spoke' to yeou,. However, one is net disposed-to be hypercritical about landladies;' the' rooms' saited me. andI took theme and-went in the' same evening' : "I bad at that time a great deal of writing todo. I was editing a book Written byis brother;offioer 'who had heen killed, and, as hisaamily were left.'badly off,and depended on the sale of the work,'I was anxious to get It ready for the publishersaras seoon ks pos asible; There was'no writing.table in my sitting-room.,. I bought one and scion had'ill my papers arranged and ready to-ncommence work. 'Among.the things belongintoto6my friend' of which'I had taken .charge was a msall iron casket, such s is useed for keeping money in. In this casket, however, there was noinoney; bitthiogasiorepiecioustothedead tuan's family, poor -though they were-his medals, and two or three rings, valuable only because they were his.. He had begged me' to keep the casket .until I could deliver it into.his: wife's, own hand,, which, ai shb was at present abroad, I cu'd not do. '"Iwas-arra~ngig my papers, &', in the various drawers of the. table, when' Mre. Burton came tip to:lay the supper." T e iron casket stoad upon the writing table, and in moving it to geto at arcm book ear it, the nmedals'inside chinked together. " Idid not observe:whether Ms. Burton noticed either the casket or the chinking sound; I was not looking at.her, ?nd erent on with my employ ment, presently placing the casket in one of the table, drawers which, I locked. -Bat by, this timermy landlady had left the room. ,.. was very tired that ni;ht, and wenteto 'bed' early, locking my door .a .I .usually, do in hotels or:apartmenht a habit I"contracted frio travellingsin places where.:one' has' sometimes to keep'a loaded 'revolver ?iandy atnight."' ":' ", " OGyneth shuiddered a little, ainddrew's isiek .breath. ' ColonelEoerion looked down tend?rly 'atthe' sweet young 'face reasting againet him, and. hii heart,beatfaster- He \---Thei next daytI .commenced;work. I heard casually from MIr. Buonatoa ,,the morning that there were no. other. bigra in iS.hosbo -besides imyelf, and there didntt ppprto be any e'rtvatiIt So mnc'n'the oe tt.o-; o ghtthat'I was slo'. e xn'Ili ."' y:witiig-:tble was o placed' tbatithe door of the roona was behind ?ame. "l!Afte supper-I hadbeen busyall dasy I sat read. ing for a while to give my brain a rest, and then I eommgneedwork again n i -" Ith Itwa by thin nme past 'clock, and my landloardind :hie iifeaiustilly ?weintto bed at i?(l iso .ivinrtoia ii4 told me.:' She bad iibeen n o asohie ieI wanted anything more,.anuli ad biddaen nme'go")?o ahtl in:bher efisve 'manner, ;'=on' here 1 P-w-as- aloi e; quiet witthin i ndi ' uietrvithout, for Dounghty street'brting defended nay gates, jealicsly gai-rddby the inbibidtitebtasino' through 1mevrnit likely an old campaigner like e eiuld' felnrao'ns iat-being alone'late'at nighiit;,aksk whengal'the r-st oflthe world swas' nlp '' F et l thlirikth brin is 'always more or li?as exited"uqinersnich' conditions and I ljidd b?n workLino all diy andwad'work. ngnow. e ' " '"-I hiard some clock striking twa?elvI aid was just pnling out'my waitchto comparo it with the'electh, when i dudd?eidraughrmade abosht ba?:way open?'lt aee'meLjustfdr ai moment, an '* oiaefeeing..sthey say in th' Northb, to seeo'thise. The~Te ei~-imethiogstart. ling in a door qietly opening,~appsrrenlly of its oawnaccord; you haves esortof.inexplcable feeli'g that'somethimghas~ come:in ? Iut of conrie such: a feeling wasnbtsi tanository. -fost of these old:housesin the tWet Central i dis'riet late sunk si goddeal ,andliolgie'c hons'a the catches cof the doois .ar oft-eim perfeec.: "tP'bobly Mrs Bau ton ehadp.not shut theidoor clcee.vwheeneleft tup ro'om to go tooier osne-aihda.i baad simbply om' open.' - lwent-ratid sut.it,':notiqing asIdid' so that it was a straong, eae. Ivonl'masrj, therefore, that?,the;d?o~newould not qpen again, and returned to my table.. nide: ; -.Bot even as I resemed .my;seat ,another feeling came over me-a feeling that made. me-I may say.compelled me to-tar-nm onad once more and.saryey the reom; my:hert meoming to cease beating. , Itas no longer aloen. That was what I felt. My eyes asored me that the we'rl im pression was only a' nervous dia'urbance of a Fpel ups over-ex-ited brain. There was ns one in the roem, nal no plate where even' a child could have concealed itself. hr gaze, from where I sat, took in all the aparlment centained-chairs, tabler, small ehifonier- all pr.a:c and commcnp!ace, after the nap proved lodging-bouse standard-no grim enbinets or sweeping drsperite- nothing .to sugest anything so rcmantic as the super natural'. I turned: backto.amy:writing, ashamed ofm-filf. I Lad behaved like some nuperatitions school-girl, who had stIuffed her heal with the stories in Mrs. Crowe's 'Night Side of Nature.' I, a soldier, who had watched by the dying on the battlefield at irght;tS- itreiible7ianimagination of"my own-disturbed ifang-? ,So I re asned while, I took ri a boob thatlay on the table, a?ds hgan i prcbing-out- some rferencei -tha S.Begin searching-that'is,triesd to begin. searching. I could not do it. I had,.as it were; amentallyendeavor;edcto.s hat down the feeling that I wasnoetPalone, as a lad ireisoner::will endeavor ito crash a logical: opponent 'hby nsheer -:lond talking.' But I.had' not anoceefed.fSThe feeling re-. ainned:;.:i tgrew;.itposiessed me ;with an oveirwhelmingsrength. - 1-struggled against the mad longingrto look round-the mad feeliig :of having something, behind me.~:I would not be a fool and a coward ; .1 bent over the book. " 1 felt myself growing white, khe drops; tood. on myhbrow; TTe print swaim before my: eyes;.,myhbreath;;grew ihick and labored. 1i could striveno longer. I sprang.to my feet add faced the room.;-:' " ' The tables; the chairs, the few. pictures on -the' alls,.the prim little'.chiffonier, nothing elne ! There was no cnein the roomt No sound within.or-without" but the heavy th?i-bbingof my- own heart. ... 'i ' No one I There wras omeone-who and what was it,-in Heaven's dame! I tried to call it stillemy fancy.'- I .was excited;-over worked-going nad-anything l But all the time I felt I /knwo that: myhbrain had never been more clear; that it was :o fancy, but a reality ; none the less. a reality because it was not tangible. Some personality besides my own was in that room, whether of man or woman I could not tell, in what part of the.rodin Icculd not tell;,but it was there. SThb sense of this unseen preeonce pare. lyzed me.. If I could only h.bare eea;my hidden companion 'but to know I was if an invisible .presence filled me with ineffable Blread; '.I'dared 'not' move: from: where '1 itood. I might touch accidentally this ffdori leas form.' Yet it'nigbh come close 's:n~ e where Istood-might touch "me.': Oh I the' agony of those 'minutes. Why had 'tii preseace come to ime Or had it 'come to' me! If I could only see it I 'if I?could only' Baee ltd' - ., : SI canno tell how long it was before . new feoling stole into my heart-a-feeling that the visitation was benefikent and'not malignant, that for some good purpose it was permitted, and. with' that ,feeling came a sudden thrill of joy,'a iwild, strange hope that shaped itself into .hbsond, the sound of a name always in ny' thoughts ' Rose-Marie I' She had ssil she would be always with me. I knew that there was communion between her. spirit and' mine; 'he among the sainted dead.ever prayed for me, and 1, norning and evening, asked her prayers for me. Was it now given to her to come to me in spiritual-presence! Oh ,to see her, to see her once more! ' Rose iMarie,' I whispered, sinking on my knees, ' Marie, let my eyes bbhold you l' But 'there was only blank space. I saw nothing. "I don't know, then, if I fainted, or what h-.ppsned exactly. The next thing.I re member is half.lying on the couch, and there was the rooi as I had left it, and the lights burning ; brt I was alone. That unseen presence hadigone. Had I been dreaming! I asked myself that question; and some of you perhaps think I had. Hear me still, if yon have patience to listen to the end." "0's! plekse go on," in eager whispers from the iitent group. Gyneth's 'little hand trembled in the clasp that held it, but she was silent. "The next day,"said ColonelnEgertan," I scarcely saw Mrs. Burton. It seemed tome as if she had held aloof ; but I was too much abeorted in the thoughts of my last night's experience to be troubled with cinjoctures about my landlady. I dreaded the night, for I most cit up late, or it world be impos sible to finish work which I had pmnmised to the -publishir that week. Mrs. Barton, when she brnoght up the tea;,-aked mn if'l should be uplate.. " You must get so'tired, sir," she remarked. •' I repliecu that I was a customefdto'long hours of work, and I should certainly have to, sit up that night. " Before I proceeded to work, I moved my tab!e a little more out frim the wall,-s that. I could sit faEing the door. .ThtienLset-any s :If resolutely, took out my booki anl.pape'r', and began to write. "An houra passed, and thungh I own'I fleqaently reaised my eyes to the .doorit hati not moved. Twelve o'clock 'struck, he ' witching hopr,' and still nothing aditn wed' me, and I bhgan to feel secnre-slmost .t persuale myself that I ha-l, after. all;'least night fallen spleep an-I dreamt all that had happened. "Even as that thought crossel me, sad-: denly, silently, the door opened jist as it had done last night, just so wide, and no wider. I fe -the blood in my veins turned toice; .the ?nifell'from my hand; I sat petrifildl, an again I knew that I was not alone; onc; npure that mysterious invisible presence wan with m°. Why was I thus haunted ? Meeha'nically,-.atJast--L knew. I knew not how many minutes hid rassed I rose, with some vague intention,- I think, of going- to shut the door, when I saw a fash of a white,-'i '?b~hrorrifii-d face,-wlth glassyl eyes ;stariig wiilly: into.the;room. Blefcr..l had time to recognise.thatface, there wfs ar' :hase;.- Jalf-stifl?d cryrand, a body fell forwards -heavily nto the apart. ment, and lay prone on the door. .:,I sprang forward;: :there??was.n nthbingunupernatural here-the-cry, the:faee, :the form:-.were, ha nian;, -I -heheldito'.my ,anutterable:.amaz-r men!'thecsunteriancecof tmy.ladlord, and astIe-en?eoverbim--he?rwasia a sepecies" of fit'-to-sain)by :biasaide--eyidently shaving dropped froin his hand--a longknife l Great heavens i "1 saw:it all"noew. That,.mysteri ous presence'watindeetd.healn-sen t.:: - This wretched man hsdimeant to murder-me I'In ones-flash-ofmemory:I. rcslted the casket, and that Mrs. Barton hatl seen it.LThe mise erable couiple supposed that, casketcontained moniy;'and had p'a uneI to'asisssinate manas inea'raloneua'r work..But' how, had myrny:uu semn 'vsitor sased. m e- -Had, this.wretchdi muidrer sipn'rwh~tiwas invisible to n?.rp I busied m.tself torsatocreutheu man tp -hi' senses; ad l?resen'lyI~aooceedeisol l?topcted bis.ey? 'anud' glaredwildly, around him.l . '"' Td wihniu '!hel mniutteced! SIs'she i'i' intense e'.itemendht'iI<asted' hims Wbht~sbiiinia '? Wh ihdld: you sie 1t': '.o 1 S'l?,e ise hddedfi?d vil?n?anhd naisoed him self :lt-le' Thidwa'iheaanmf ho sail,faintly, thtjiifiiinwoio' en there awi loakud at me , "e'Ag~ th's word-iTfell on rtny: knees, and tiii ehIll clisp hbinds tv:heaven. -'IlR'e :hMiiii~'I-enrd ;L'"Reas aris t' hii t'till de'ta whqle itttb? 'Tbee are almost his rry wuirds' fbirl :I wrote them down while they'we~refrsa''"in my memory. "'My wiafegap were on the verge ef ruin; we could not pay t?ri rie" The iandlrd thrbeatened.to pnt.in the brokers. The day. you.?eame my wife'.saw an ircn casket on yourtatble, and hea-d a chink within it asof money, Ynu 'put it-in one of the table drawers.. Wewerie depsrate, an- the op po:tunity was ready to my hand. Hos :sasy to stab y:u as you ast up wsriing, and so arrange'matters that your death should seem to be asuicide. Ta: night I crept to your room; but as I appro:ched the door I 'aw that it was op-n, and, peorpng in, I beho'da lady sitting in an arm-chir, with her face tuined towsrds me, She was very bIeautifnl, deadly p.le, with large, steady brewn ecer. She was dressed like a Sister of C'irri'y. Ithought' it very strange you should have such a visitor, and at that hour;,' and sit with your back turned towards her; but.I dared not enter, and stole away, thinking the nun did not see me. I would try again to-night. And to?night when I came.in again the door. was open. .I peeped cautionely, and there in the plce-sat the aime woman-the nun. HIeiteyesmestmiie, ,they seemed to read my soul-I knew theni It was nod relture of flesh od'blold ?,swL;- my fear and, agooy overcame me?,and[ fell. It was thatnun" ghist-or 4sionoi' otwhat ever it was, l.ho saved your.life 1' I "That is the story, of my experience," said Golonel Egerton, after a few moments' silence, during -whieh-his listeners hardly seemed:to breathe. - ;FWhy it:was. deied to me to see this sainted being, so ineffalily dearto'me,'He knaosr Who`sent'her to save nme'frhian nawful death ;:but willanyone: who hears-me-doubt that the.-woman whom this guilty man saw those tew nights seas ih spiit.of "Rose:Marie? '. anyone still scoff'at"the belief that the dead may some times return toearth?" 6 Its was Gilbert "Malandaine: who ! spoke softly out of the darkness. L:!Lam one,:':he, said, ",who willt never agas scoff. Yon have" converted 'me: I believ'as:" o70 y believe." ,'. :Gyneth trembled in the clasp that enfolded her,-!! O1·'0 " she whispered. brokenly, '5 if Role-Marie had not come to you I It Was dark; quite daik' now in the room, save'for' i'dullt red glowon the hearth,'for the logs :had burnt low,and .no: one had: thought of stirring them i.allwere too ab sorbeJ in listening to the strange narrative of their old friend. Colonel Egerton bent over the young face, dimly outlined, ti him 'in the gloom. -!' You are hke RoesM irie," he whispered. - You have hazel eyes like hers, and sometimes her spiri6 seei-s to'look at me through .those eyes. That'is whyI love you,'Gyneth th at: is why I:have always loved you.' ," SGyneth' knew 'now-h had felt, without' knpwins, more thanh once that evening that srte was achild ndo longer,' : I "'You' seemed to belong 'to me,"? the: Colonel whisperei agait. "Ifelt, the firat dayieaw you;'that you were' mine-that, one 'day ou would be whdlly min? Is -it He be it lower, and: his lips met hers. There' wa .no'need "for her to speak; she' aniswered himin without' words, as he folded her close to his heart, ad it seemed to him, as'he raised" hiseyes, that a shadowy form' sinun's garb stood near him, and smiled with "steadfast' hazel eyes into his. That might hase been- his faincy; the pictured vision of his soul ; but he knew that Rose-. Marie was in very cl'ss communion with hii' tonight, and' it may be he"saw her in actual presence! Why no: ? 