Waiting for the Lord's Coming. BY THE REV. JOHN M'NEILL, LONDON. " After these things Jesus showed Himself again to the diciples at the Sea of Tiberias," &c-John; xx1., 1-7. John's Gospel, -which seems to come to a close with the end of the preceding chapter, is here re opened that the incidents of the miraculous draught of fishes, and our Lord's colloquy -with Peter may bo added. You can see John laying down his pen and rolling up his scroll. " Many other signs," he says, "truly did Jesus in the presence of His disciples, which are not written in this Book, but these are written that ye might know that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God, and that believing, ye might have life through His name ;". and there I believe John at first sincerely meant his gospel to end. But that Holy Spirit, upon whom wo < depend for all our Scriptures, Gospels included, brought those things to his remembrance, and he . eagerly unrolled his scroll and added them. It is thus not inaptly described as " A POSTSCEIPT to the Gospel." And it is not over curious, I; think, to spend just a moment in asking why John should have put in the chapter that comes to us in this, postcript form. Well, it might be sufficient to say that these things were added m this way just because of their interest. That is the reason underlying our own postcripts. We never tear open an envelope, and add something Under the symbols P.S. unless that something is so important that-now, having come to mind, the letter cannot be allowed to go witnout its being added. It would be no letter at all otherwise. In deed, with a certain section of correspondents it has become a byword that the P.S. is really the letter. So that this explanation might do for John's additional chapter-that the things there written.;were in themselvës èo interesting. Suppose that up to now the Gospel according to John had ended with the 20th chaper, but that in some odd corner of the world an old manuscript was discovered which contained the 21st chapter, ' you can well imagine that when the contents of that find were verified, when it was proved not to be a Shapira fraud/ but genuine scripture, with what a thrill of delight we should hear read in all the churches for the first time the 21st chapter of John-we certainly should rejoice like those who find great spoil. Then it might be said-some have said it-" that John added these things because he ' 'was thus enabled ? TO TELL A GOOD STOEY of Peter. John loved Peter, and Peter's character has never been any the worse, but a great deal better, for this twenty-first chapter of John. By tho'way, just let me apply this as I go on, for, maybe, somebody is here who needs this word. You know some one like Peter. He is under a dark shadow to-day, and he deserves it. He has done something vile-it may be that he has denied his-Lord in some notorious way, and tongues are busy going against him, and I do not say that he does not deserve it; but you are riot playing the part of John. You know something to his credit, and'when all people are running him down, Bhame to you that you are not telling it. ' If you had been the writer of this last Gospel, I hardly would like to risk Baying that you would have added the twenty-first chapter. But I rather think that John added these things be cause, when they, were brought to his remem brance, they would come to him in their bearing upon HIS PUEPOSE IN WRITING a Gospel. What was that purpose ? Why was this Gospel told four times over? A good story is norie the worse, perhaps, for being twice told ; but it is a great deal the worse for being three times told, while it is usually utterly mangled and murdered the fourth timé. You know what a risk is run by this repe tition. Have not critics ÍB all ages "Baid; "YOB, that is what spoils it; that is where we get hold of it and tear it to pieces ? If it had only been told once a very large amount. of critical strife and contention would have been removed ; but in tellmg it four times a. great many discrepancies arise, and so we are able to cast doubt ripon the whole thing." Now, I think it was told four times because it was told every time bythebeBt story-teller that ever tried it, and the real motive undoubtedly was this : That he wanted to write a compositiori upon this key-note, the efiseritial Godhead and Divinity of that man from Nazareth. " In the beginning was the Word, and tho Word was with God, and the Word was God. . . . And the Word was made fleBh. and dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory." Not that John believed more, and others less, but that waa a side of Jesus that fascinated John. "I handled God ; here is the head that leaned upon the bosom of an omnipotent God j" and lite every true musician he ends on the key note with which he started. ** These things are written that ye might believe that Jesus, the man down there in the human level is the Christ, the Son of God, and that believing ye "might have life through His name/' j Now, the Divinity of Jesus stands or falls virtually by His resurrection. Did that dead man come out of His grave as your dead-father, your dead brother never yet has done-yes .or no?. Everything depends upon that miracle of miracles :?? DID HE RISE FROM THE DEAD? The doctrineof Christ's resurrection is a truthwhich must not be slenderly but overwhelmingly proved. Oh, if ever yon dismal train of reasoning which Paul works out in i Corinthians x?..should enter your mind- if Christ be not risen .faith is in vain, and the preacher a liar-you will search the Scriptures with trembling eager ness for every Ecrap of proof that Jesus Christ has risen, and you will be thankful for the twenty first chapter of John. It is an added proof pf that which can never be over-proved-fchat he did rise from the dead. It comes out in the very first line, I think : " After these things JOBUS showed Himself again to the disciples ;" as if He looked down the ages and saw that in this very age in which we live the destructive critics would leave the other Gospels alone, and fairly howl round about John's Gospel because of tho , high-pitched divinity of Jesus of Nazareth, and as good as says: "O, ye critics! I'll cut .out work for you." "After these things Jesus showed Himelf again," and again and again. Here is proof upon proof. We believe this, do we not ? OTi, yes. No ; wo do not. There would not be an empty seat in this or any other church in all London if we did. The troublo is that wo have been born with big throats and wide mouths, and we bolt the whole creed, but digest none of it. We should be greatly benefited if a little wholesome doubt should enter our minds about the things which are believed, but which are never acted upon. Christ has risen from the dead,, and John writes as though he feels that the onus probandi ÍB upon him, and has not been sufficiently discharged; therefore this further contribution. Now, let us look at the circumstances of the disciples. ' "There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathaniel of" Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his dis ciples. About two or three years ago they had been called into fellowship with Christ and each other as His disciples. That had meant for them a time of perpetual excitement. The fel lowship of Christ to-day may be a dull, humdrum affair; it was not so when these men struck hands with him. And I would Bay here, young brother, if you want an exciting life, don't kickr over the traces and go off aB did the prodigal son. -man, that is THE FLATTEST KIND OF LIFE, ever tried; but if you want a racy, bracing life, come and be a whole hearted and out-and-out disciple, of Jesus Christ. For the last two or three weeks, then, this excitement had been of the intensest kind. They had seen their master betrayed by one of themselves-condemned, scourged, crucified, dead., buried. But He had risen from the dead; He had appeared to them and said : " Receive ye the Holy Ghost. As My Father hath sent Me, even so send I you." He had given them their com mission, and yet here they were away up in Galilee, as idle as a harrow in the frost. Certainly they were strange times through which they were passing, and yet I think this waiting for JesuB to come to- them, as He had pro mised, was ? doing them good, and Peter's speeoh is the proof of it. We see them grouped together on the shore, that solemn little, band bound together by this strange and tender tie, and talking one with another about what they knew of Jesus, and what they expected from Him, their hearts ever and anon swelling with hope of His speedy advent among them. " Ah ! He will be sure to come, and soon.", Thus at times would they utter the wish, of their hearts; but at others, with minds burdened with a great fear, they would ask: "But what if He should npt come ?" And very likely the wise, man would come to Peter, the friend of former days, and say, "Now, Peter, didn't I tell you so"-the man so wise after the event, who comes to us to rub salt and vinegar into our wounds. " You re member, Peter," this wiseacre no doubt continued, " when you were fascinated by that Jesus, and were just going off with Him, how at the time I: told you what would be the result, and you see. what has happened. You have seen Him con demned by the authorities, and put to death, and yet you are now back here again, and have in vented some wild story that He has risen again and that you expect to see Him. You are as mad as He, and will come to the same end." Ah.! thé voice cf the world never changes to a be liever who has not his Christ beside him. It is BEADLATJGH'S CRY to-day. He puts it in a rough, rude, vulgar way, but there are men who, although they would not shake hands with, him, nevertheless find in him \- an interpreter of their own thoughts : " Trot out your Christ, and then we will believe. If He is what you say He is, why has nobody ever seen Trim ?" Under these circumstances of doubt and misgiving I can imagine Simon Peter suddenly assuming a brave and determined look, and say ing : " Well, well, whatever is to be or not to be, I'm going out to fish. Come He soon or come He late, or come He not at all, our families are here, and there is plain, honest, homely work to do. I go a fiBhing." And, strange to say, Peter's look and tone were contagious. His companions said to him : " We also go with, thee." Now that, I think, ÍB a token that Simon Peter was improving, and that this time of inaction and of waiting was a part of their training, intended to strengthen their faith, not to destroy it. Watch yourself when circum stances have cornered you, and you cannot move. Watch, yourself in a waiting-time, when all life's plans and purposes for you are virtually stopped; take stock of yourself whilst waiting the arrival,, of some overdue ship or. train, ax Tpost/ or mant for then, my friend* ALL THE MAN OE ALL THE BABY will come out in you. Have not wo invented a proverb to describe the man who will run a mile rather than wait a minute. These disciples had togo through a waiting time, and I took Simon Peter's speech as a proof that it was doing "them - good. He is not now the blustering coward of : the judgment hall, whipping out his sword,, and striking, shall I say the wrong man in the wrong.. place? How did he miss a man's head, and cut off his ear, and cause our Lord to work-as I was almost going to say-a useless miracle? Simon i Peter could-have done far better with, an oar than a sword. But now Peter is sobered, steady, set ; our Lord's prayer and our Lord's nopes for him are to be realised after all, and some of the com mentators forget that. What was -that prayer ? What were those hopes ? " Simon, Simon, Satan . hath desired to have thee. Thou wouldst mak'e a splendid devil's Bervant. Thou wast BOEN TO LEAD men either from God or to God. A small, tiseloss,. stupid man thou couldst never be, therefore I want you ; therefore, with all your hot-headedness and blundering and stumbling I have chosen you. I need men like you." And that prayer has been realised. Hia faith baa not failed. He strengthens his brethren. May God send back to His Church to-day a good score of Simon Peters, for as yet we havo them not, though we have far . too many of Simon Peter's critics. Now our Lord makes no mistake when He calls a man like this to Himself and His service. . A i lirions thing ia prudence, And they are useful friends Who are chary of beginnings Until they've seen the ends ; But give ns now and then the man, That we may crown him king, W&ose; Justice Bcoriis the consequence, That he may do this thing. God, deliver the Church from the paralysing power of men Who never, said a foolish thing, And.never did a wise "ono. The Church to-day hag far too many men ready to put breaks on her progress- cautious men, cautious, very cautious-but far too few men of steam power ; and when a Church is, as we are told, on the downgrade, ehe not only noedabreak power to stop her, but, still moro, steam power to " pull her up again, and wo eadly need in the Church men to tell us what to do. " I'm going to fish," said Peter in a time when men were eating out their hearts with fear and misery, not know ing where to turn. There rung out thia one voice : " Letusdo this/'andthey did it, and God Almighty met them. And what ought to be the attitude of the Church continually, but tho attitude of this little band on the lake shore ? Just as these men were away up in tho far corner of Palestine and as yet Christ had not come, so are we at tho far corner of the nineteenth century and as yet He I has not appeared. What are we to do ? Our circumstances and theirs, it seems to mo, aro .marvellously alike. Well, my friends, first of all Icharge yon to firmly hold the doctrine-nay, more than that, tho expectation of our Lord's return. Bring that doctrino and thought round EEOM THE BACK LUMBEE-EOQM to the front of your mind. As you are and where you sit let us clearly and strongly hold that Christ is coming. He is coming-coming quickly, was the word He sent by the man who saw Him last, and 1900 years count for something either in God's calendar or man's. But how are we to hold this expectation-an expectation which the Church has never very well known what to do with. True that sho sometimes takes it down . and looks at it to frighten herself, as it were, into good behavior, rather than with the intention of using it steadily and continually as a motive power. Well, I would say, let us not hold it as the disciple's were prone to hold it that day ; let us not go moping about the shores of time as they did about the shoreB of Galilee, and say: "Ah, would God that "He would come ! I 'gin to weary of the sun, and wish the stato of the world was at an end." It is not the fact j you do not want the state of the world to end, for if it did end you would be in a mighty pickle. Don't talk like that, because nobody will believe it. Neither let us flatten our faces against the window looking out for His coming. That is HOW CHILDREN WAIT. Itisveryfond.no doubt, but also very witless, and it never hastens the coming of the expected one. How, then, are we to hold this doctrino ? As these men held it-because you believe that Christ is coming, and coming to-day for ought you know to the contrary. Go out and fish to day; do your day's work to-day with your loins girt, and with the look upon your face of a man who has the expectation that before night shall fall his Master may rend the heavens and drop through. Let us avoid day dreaming and star-gazing ; sitting down with childish literalness with the Bible on our knees, and turning over the pages to see when he is due. It is not in the time table, and wiser men than you and I have made fools of themselves by say ing that they had discovered it when they had not. Lot us avoid heresy on the one hand, and latter-day saint lunacy on the other ; but, for God's sake and our own, let us hold this doctrine practically because we believe He is coming. Go out and fish, and you will surely find that to hold this truth will not spoil your fishing. It won't make us less eager and less successful; but it will be the very thing we need to Bave us from all incidental disappointments and wearinesses and worries. And He is coming. To those who thus look for Him He will certainly appear. A little while with tides of dark and light The moon shall fdl ; Warm Autumn's gold be changed to shrouding white And Winter's chill. A little while shall tender human flowers In beauly blow ; And ceaselessly through shade and sunny hours Death's harvest grow. A little while shall tranquil planets speed , '£"1 Bound, central flame; Kow empires spring and pass, now names succeed And lapse from fame. A little while ahall cold star tapera burn k Through Time's brief night; J Then shall my soul's Beloved One return ^ With day-spring bright. 