Literary Memorials; ; The Late Mr. 'W. 'Wilkie Collins. Mr. R. R. Bowker. in an interesting article on 'London as a Literary Centra' in Harper's 'New Monthly Magazind 'of June, 1888, gives tho following sketch of tho deceased novelist, «Vilkio Collins : ' The link between the present writers of fiction and tho great generation is Wilkie CollinB, now. by seniority, the doan of English novelists. Thaokeray, jihad he lived, would have been 77. Diokons, George Eliot, Anthony Trollcue, and Charles Reade were all born in the samodcoadoof 1810-1820. Mr. Collun, born in 1824, was their junior, but his association with them and especially his close intimacy and collaborations with Diokens make him a part of the great past. But he is also of the working present. His work runs baok 40 years from his latest volumo of little novels to that biography of his f&ther;, the Royal Academi cian William Collins, published in 1848. which was his Btepping-stono from law to litera ture, and whioh preceded his first novel, ' Antoniu,' by two years. His mother, also, was an artist distinguished in portrait painting. An invalid much of his time with that enemy of Englishmen, tho goat, threaten ing his eyes, Mr. Collins is ' now seldom seen in London sooiety; but for many years he has kept striotly at work in London at his house in Gloucester Place, not far from the busy turmoil of Baker street, though he is now iuuvjij£ bum iiuudo jur now quurbtiro. fiuro luu great dniwing-roomo were given up for his deBk work, when he was writing a novel, or for striding up and down tho floor re citing speeobes, and acting out soenes if it were a play he was at work upon. One finds him a man Btill of striking appear ance, but much aged by illness sinoa he was seen in America, with a leonine head, the plentiful hair and flowing beard, nearly white, contrasting with a short and small though once powerful body, and tiny white hands. The Btoop of '.his shoulders suggests long application for hie work, but his manner and speech have tho vigour and orispaess of an unexhausted spirit of youth: , Wilkio Collins ia the novelist of construction and plot and character and incident are always the development from a central dramatio idea. The pivot on whioh the story turns', as in 'The Woman in White,' the substitution of one woman for another in a lunatic asylum; and in the ' MoonBtone,' the projection of an eastern jewel, with the superstitious devotion of its attendant priests, into modern eivilised sooiety. This idea settled, he weaves his plot, selects his characters, builds up his incidents, all with reference to it, and above all things unites one continuous story, and not two or three alternat ing stories in one. This makes him indifferent to methods of publication, for as he means to ]rnnr\ Wt\ oyi Tinflafyrfiniv infn»»ntif +T» n/in trVt *\n I: lira expects to hold his hearer — whethor to sit up all night to finish tho volume, a? many of them to complain to him, or from week to woek and month to mouth., Sis first aim and chief difficulty is to ' bagin at tho begining,' so that the storytells itself straight on to its predetermined end without harking baok, and he thinks many novelists who aim to be artists are much too careless about this. Some times he has written out the latter part of his book first, and the first almost last of all, with this end in view. Ho never transfers real people, and seldom real places or incidents to his books, yet he has found that ne one can invent a name, and a now book often brings . protests from more than one correspondent against too slose copies or mit-- leadiDg perversions of what thay suppose to be his originals. Oue outraged Prenohman who saw himself in a particularly unpleasant villain, kindly offered, if Mr. Collins would oome to Paris, to meet him with pistols and seconda at the Garr. Mr. Collins never spiros himself and takes minute pains with the details of his work. Most of Mb novels, by tho time they have reaohed publication in book form, have been written or revised seven timoi; the first writing, a revision next day before the mauu Ecript goes to the copyist. A second, and third revision upon the copyist' smauusnript. A fourth on theproof. A fifth on the printer' s revwo . A nnal revision attor tne story has appeared in a periodical, as it is mido ready for a book. It is this hardwriting whioh mikoa ea3y read ing and good ^English. Nowudnys he restricts himself to four hours and those of daylight, but in former times he wrote almost coutinuillv, spurred on by the eagerdelight of the work itsolf . When he began, his favourite hours wero from near midnight to just before dawn, but ghosts oured Mm of that. Tnoy used to aooompany him upstairs as he gave up work for bed, and a particular green womao, with tusk teeth, stood at the tutn, and said good night by biting a pieio out of his shoulder. He gave thaia good riddance by revolutionising his hours of work, and now, tho latter part of the day is apt to be given up to novel-reading, for he is a catholio customer for his follow, craftsmen's wares,en j oying them as a reader and no t as a critic. Believ.'ng that a novel should be, first of all, a story, ho thinks Cooper the great American fiotionist, and wonder? that his countrymen oan call the author of the lather Stocking stories and Bea tales ' a writer for boys.' His aim haB been to follow any suooossful -fltory with one of an entirely different kind and eoene, as when 'No Name' followed 'The' Woman in White.' The Buccess of these books was indeed enormous, one of them ho was paid £3,000 for book form alone; and tho next whioh proved to bo ' Armadalo' was neuureu uy u nvtu puuuuiitjr wuuuuul-ou»-j,uuu before the work was outlined or a single line written. No suoh prices seem to bo paid for novels now as thon, but it has not been given to this generation as to its fathers to welcome within a triad of years (1869-1861) auoh books as ?' The Virginians,' and ' Philip,' ' A Tale of Two Cities' and ' Great .Expecta tions,' 'Adam Bedo,' and 'The Mill on the Floss,' ' White Lies.' and ' ? he Cloister and the Hear ' The - .t«ams' and 'Framloy' Par and , Woman in Whit«' 