MAD NELLY'S CURSE. A True Ghost Story. By JOSEPHINE BLACK. That was the queer part of it ; and yet I could see that old man's face, dress, and expression, in that instan taneous photographic manner, in which it had fixed itself on my eye, as distinct ly as ever I saw anything in my life. But, then, there was my mother in substance, and certainly with anything but a scowl on her gentle face. It was in vain, to try to explain the very evi dent amazement expressed in my looks, at the natural event of the appearance of my mother in the drawing room just before we expected to be called to dinner. It was in vain, to try and connect by some optical delusion argu ment, the similarity in the dress, as to the lace and diamonds, between my mother's figure and that of the figure I supposed I had seen — nothing remained but, as in many a conundrum — to give it up ! Lily and my mother exchanged anxious looks, expressive of doubts as to my sanity, I know — but there it was — I had seen the old man. The dinner gong broke in on our most unsatisfactory surmises. I like a good dinner, and I dislike a mystery, so l tried to think no more about the latter. The dining room was at the extreme end of the hall, and seemed to belong to an earlier time than the drawing room, which was handsome and lofty, the ceiling beauti fully decorated. The diningroom, on the contrary, was a long, low room, with fine old oak panels round it, it is true, and handsome bow windows — but the bow windows were filled round with cushioned seats, and fitted into one recess of the apartment was a large press. Its panels were handsomely carved, but its appearance there, gave the idea that the room had been used for many homely purposes, and had been not merely a diningroom, but a general sitting room. Before our com ing, it would appear to have been the only sittingroom, beside the drawing room already described. My wife and mother seem to have intended it to be so, too, as they had furnished up the old bookshelves fitted into the recesses of the room, with bright leather-work, and the best arrangement of the books, and in each of the two bow-windows — one at the end of the room, and one at the side— stood a convenient little table, suitable for holding a work basket, or a cup of tea, or whatever else might be required of it. It may be seen from all this, that we were homely people, though our home was old and stately, and we liked things done our own way. The old room looked particularly quaint and cosy, in the light of the candelebra of wax candles on the table, and I sat down, and, like a sensible man, put the trans formation scene out of my mind alto gether, and enjoyed my dinner with zest. Afterwards, when we were all chattering away, tossing my baby boy in my arms at one side of the long, mahogany table, I chanced to raise my eyes above the mantelpiece, and they fell on a painting hanging above it. " Why, there he is !" I cried out in utter amazement, to the extreme astonishment of my mother and wife. Yes, there, over the mantlepiece, looking down at me, was the picture of the old man I had seen in the drawing room, I explained to my auditors, and they in their turn, told me that Lily had chanced on the picture in an old room, which would appear to have been used as a kind of smoking-room, or bachelor's den in olden times, and as they thought the features handsome, and found it was a family portrait, " Old Squire Tyner," they had brought it in to take its place in the general furnishing up, and adornment of the place. "Well," I said, "if I had seen the picture first, and the old man afterwards, the thing might be explained. But it was vice versa. There you see the old man as I saw him — the very dress, the very features, only that his expression is more agreeable than that, which I beheld in that transient glimpse I had of him in the drawingroom. What did the people tell you about him ?" " Not very much, indeed," laughed Lily : "they said : 'Oh ! sure it's just the old squire, ma'am.' I suggested that I supposed, that all the Tyners who owned Ballytyner were squires as far as that went, and was told : ' Well, this was the old squire who lived here in olden times ; but, as the particular squire, and the particular old times when he lived, were not specified, I did not find the explanation very satisfac tory." " I fancy they did not like to enter into particulars about him, " remarked my mother, who was looking thoughtfully into the fire, "as if there was some mystery about him." "I'm sure I have a mystery about him on my own account," I was com mencing, but Lily, who had been also studying by the fire, and stroking baby's face softly — he had been removed to her custody, on the score of insecurity of tenure on my start of astonishment at recognising the picture— cut me rather short with : " There, there, Ed ! Let that do for to-night. I was thinking, what a pretty little bedroom that 'shooting den' has made for the two Casey girls. It"------ " Bedroom !" I breathed in dismay, for the premises to which she alluded were in an off-shoot part of the house, which I had thought hardly habitable. "Ah! ha!" she laughed with a roguish shake of the head. "You little know what wonders I have ac complished. There were some beauti ful old odds and ends, which have been duly disposed here and there, through out the house. And a pretty bedroom it is, and only down three stairs, over a little lobby, and up three more to their mother's room. A few stairs here or there, are not much in this house, you see; and it is palatial in comparison to their old verandah room at home. And then, how did you ex pect I was going to accommodate them all, if I did not show some ingenuity in the matter of bedroom accomodation ?" " To be sure, to be sure," I answer ed. "Of course I did not think of all that. It will be a nice old place when all is done." And the conversation drifted off to diverse plans, for the entertainment of our friends. A merry party we were, for the next two or three weeks. The weather, as if to snub Lily for her remarks on our climate, and commend my large-mind edness, took itself up in quite a remark able way ; and one bright, jovial, crisp day followed the other, in sunny suc cession. Nothing more was either seen, or heard, of the old squire through all that time, but we had not seen the last of him. Our friends had lingered longer than they at first intended ; and finally, as Christmas was at hand, agreed to stay and spend it with us. One lovely frosty day, I, with the larger number of my gentlemen guests, set out on a walking and shooting ex pedition. A very enjoyable day it was. We were all in excellent health and spirits. The weather was lovely, the scenery lovely, the game abundant. Why, why cannot people appreciate and enjoy the good things that abound in Ireland. However, it is with the evening, not the day itself, I have to do. We were returning about six o'clock. The moon had risen, and was shining bright through the frosty air. We trudged along with our well-filled bag, quite enjoying the sound of our tramp ing feet on the hard road, and the keen bracing air in our faces. "What exquisite bits of scenery you come on here," said Mr. Casey. " Just look at that, for instance." We all stopped to look at as pretty a little piece for an effective sketch, as one could wish to see. Two old trees, with wide trunks gnarled with age, rose to a grand height, their topmost branches met, forming a frame. In the distance so framed in, shone the sea ; beyond that again, the shadowy outline of a mountain, above which hung the moon; between the sea and us, twinkled the lights of cottage windows, and a winding piece of the road, by which we had come. On our right hand, was an extremely pretty view of Ballytyner House, with its brightly lighted windows, promising plenty of comfort for our tired limbs that even tuated. The gates were close at hand, so we could afford to pause and enjoy the scenery. Suddenly we, one and all, became aware of a loud rumbling, rattling sound in the distance, in the direction whence we had come. It was almost loud enough to be a train, but there were no trains for many a mile, and, besides, it more resembled the sound of a coach, only it must be a very heavily ladened one. As we stood in wondering conjecture, as to what it might be, our doubts were solved by the appearance of the vehicle itself. We saw it plainly passing across the disk of the very vignette— if I may call it so—which we had been admiring, standing out in bold relief against the silvery sheen of the moonlit sea, a large coach of the shape in vogue in the last century, driving at a furious rate. We could see the outline of the four sombre hued steeds, which drew it sharply de fined, in full gallop. Knowing that it must sweep round a curve, bringing it to the bend of the road where we stood, we one and all, instinctively bounded backwards on each side, into the ditch. Round the curve, and round the bend, indeed, it swept, but instead of being deafened with the noise of its passing, as we expected, only a low, muffled sound came to our ears, as if heaps of soft goods of some kind, were rolling past us, but the thing itself — the coach, with its wildly-rushing steed, swept past and on, on, till— could we believe it— it past in at the open gates of Ballytyner itself. As it fled past us, we felt as if a chill blast of wind pass ed with it. In a strange terror, and almost in silence, we hurried in its wake, in at the gates, up to the house. No sign of coach, or vehicle of any kind, was to be seen. Only the door stood wide open, and Preston, an excellent fellow whom we had engaged as butler, coachman, &c.;, stood on its threshold, looking about him in wonder, and, it would seem, almost in terror. To be Continued. 