TIE RLODE TO WIN. I did not know you had so much poetry in your composition,' observed Mrs. Anustruther languidly. Leila Marsd(en arranged the delicate lace at her wrist with an air of ubstraction. ' H1 is vcry good.looking and he rides splludidly,' bho eidl, andli he-er-heo uoes lova mu to distrac. tion, you know.' 'As many others protehly will do before your time is over, my deatr; but that has nothing to do with the tase. You must get married, anl Te:op!sl is just the man for you. As for the other one, he'll got over it in time; they always to. You are surely not going to trouble your niily little head about hinm ' 3ti-s l:raL3lc rosa and walked across the roo:n to the vrand lit. ' I'll think about it,' she said, ildf tsurning in the doorway to glance back at her sister. ' I'll think about it, cad I'll imtlke uit msy mind this evenling. 'ther.! cani't pro:siea ore than that, can 1, Rose ? You are :atistle 1, aren't you ?' 'Yes, I amun stivi:l1,' replied Mrs. Anatru. ther; and, its se dozed through thin long after. Inoos t!.htt fou!!'swd, s'ie llowoed her ietcer to liliro very ,.rominutIly in her dreaius as the wife of f mrulor i'mpls Arburton, of the - Ihuaoari, :asl f.tture barotnet. Sizir.tlit.l is if.unuts for its pretty l;irs; but Iruttlest an I smast Atliking of all was Loeil: latrdtn at the rtace hball that night. ' 1. too ball' is, periips, too ig term ter to be prolaily liplllied ti it; but the arrival of ia cupllo of rulghit:lts on their way to the frontier lad stirred up iietrab:ad to sports on three days of tihe weeu, the race b:ll intervening. 'You'll come down to see the fluish to morrow, Miss Mitareia ?' naked Toimmy Calmphbel, the wit of Sizirabad, as he strolled up to L,.ilt that evening and asked her for a dancel. T'l'hor's the cupl riace comlinignlf, you knwl, cnd the Ilaliies' hlnmtcap:l, sel d the race Willoulihby rides to uwin-the one with the lady as prie.' ' What do you mean ?' asked Leila, laugh lug. Io1 meantls the ladies' prizo raco,' Faid Maijor Arburton, stanrling close b-hitnd her, auit glowering at Cal ,bell over hIr shanuder. t And is Mr. Willoughby quite likel; to win it ?' isked Leila, somewhat indifferentl'y. ' The bhtting is all on him ; but hio' got a ticklish mount, and I don't like that left-hand crneir of tha course. WVith a pulliing hoUse inid a vicious brute into the bargain, you stand a rare chalnce of .jumpinpg the hedge and dis lpearinig down tIle precillice. Can't imllagin why thl It don't airriang things better in this oulhtudist lImld ; but thient I never have sees: the advantages of India. Ieg your par.lon, Miss Mirs lcu, didn't meant a lpun.' An:l he di.tippeiared umtong the dalncol with a com, icoal look on his face, while Leila: laughed forcedly and turned to hier lplrintr. t How odli he is !' she said. ' By the way, whatt horse is JMr. Willoughby going to ridu to morrow ini the ladies'race ?' One of ruinho-Mazelppn. You seein to tal:o a grealt interest il thait fallow Willougby' (jeetloisly). Not at all. lie Is rather a friend of my ois tor's,' replied Leila carelessly. * Are not you going to ride in this interesting race, Maijor Ar iburton e' 'If you wis? it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow of it' (doubtfully). Thie mixed sentiment jarred on Leila; but he was rich, in al good regiment, with excellent prospects. What mattered it tilrt le was far beyond thirty, and no longer so llimi aI he had hcutu ? It was a good match for a lcteuilees girl, as:d he had no choice, and so, loi, before the ovenlig was over, people were wlispering to gqther concerning Miss Marsden and Major Ar. burton, unud a report flew about that lihe had proposed atd been necepted. 'Ito truth or otherwise of such stateunents was not to be ro:ad on Leila's urea. To iall out. ward obiervncoe she was as caih and haughty and beautiful as ever. N'one know tlIt siho looked at her progranuemover and over again to make sure that there was no mistake, anut that the ilitials ' C. C. WV.' scrawled against the fifteenth valse made her await that dance with a sickning heart. It came at last. Theo btind struck up the strains of a well-known valso, the room tI5gal to f1il, and presently Lcila Marsden, with puler cheeks than usual, und a strangoe eatingof the heart, was floating round with Charlie Wil lougshby as panrlner. • SShal we sit the rest out?' he asked, when theypalesed at length. Leila bent her head in assent, aind they passedeoutof the rco n on to the long. low ver. intdalh, somewhat to tile dismay of hiersister, who had watched them eagerly while together. The moonlight threw the girl's IssIe fateo atl tall, slight figure into strong relict against the dark verllahta background. Clharlio Willoughby lianed againsta pillar overrun with creeper, and loe;od at her fixedly. He made no excuse for himself, nor did he break the silence botwecn them. His eyes searehod her face ns though he woul!d read there what he dared not trust him. self to hear. Prcsently Loeila spoke. Irr voice sounded faint and tar awaR, cven to herself. ' I hear,' she said pleadingly,' that you are going to rido u very vicious horse tomiorrow in the ladies' prize race. Please don't ride it; please do not.' 'And I hear that you are engaged to merry Major Arburton' (without the slightest refer. enco to her appeal. ' Is that true, Leila, or is it inot I' Sithe looked down and tracel a little pattern on the stone floor with her foot. Is it true, or is it not?' hoe repeated fiercely. She lifted her eyes to his, and saw there the passion which trembled in his voice. 'Don't be angry; oh,do notl' she cried, putting up her hand with a depreciating gesture; ' they hItvo made nme do it. I am a burden to my sister, you knowe; and I couldn't stanud it any longer; and he is not so bad: but I love you the best-oh, so much the best You know it : only I-I-I am so miserable.' ' Doubtless,r be said gravely, never for an Instant removing his eyes from the fair, piteous face; 'so am I--ery miserable, so have I been for the past month ; but my misery doesn't seem to touch you much. So you are going to marrythis Croesus, this elderly future Ibronet, and throw me over quite, are you, Leila 1' She twisted nnd untwisted her hands nervously, but made no reply. SAnd you are good enough to take sufficient Interest s me to wish me not to break my neck to-morrow ?' She was still silent. Very good. Thin liMten tome. I ride to marrow, anid I ride to win, and you ere to ie the Lrize. Yes, you-do not liok so startled you! I ride to wn, or ride to-never mind that partof the businces. If I win I shall con sider you mino in spito of nil the Major Arburtons in the world. If not--do youuunder stand the alternative, Lotla?' She hent her head. Could she avoid under stalrling it? 'It lies with you,' hle went on steadily. 'You :nown my horio, you know the racecourse, you know ie. If to-morrow before starting you bid me ride to win, very good : if not- 'he musllio has begun again. Shall I tike you back to yourelderly future baronet?' ' Mydear Leila, what nonsenso!' cried Mrs. Anatruther. 'Itub yourchous!ks, child, anddrink this wino. Youlookcs white as a ghost, mand about as unhappy. Not go to the races I You will have everyone saying it Is all off again, Justas it is allon. It is too aggravatlngof you really.' It was the day following the ball.. Lolla, in her sister's room. was utterly refusing to accompany her to the racocoure and equally positive in her refusal to seoe Maor Arburton. I know hlat it is,' Mrs. Anstruther went on angrily; ' that boy has boon talking non sense to you. It was too foolish of you:to givo hIinu duaco last night. If I had known of it I should have taken you homo most cer tainly.' 'Ito dd not talk nonsense, and he is not foolish, nor Is lie a boy,' cried Lolla, vohe montly ; and then she gave way, and relapsed into copious wepisng. SAt any rnle, lie is only a sub- liautenant,and cannot possibly have more than five hundred a year. And olsat is more, he doesn't mean it seriously with you. If you throw over Major Arburtonnowyou will be throwing hint over for a more shadow. Everybody knows what a flirt Charlio Willoughby is. Ile makes love to every girl lie meets.' ' That isn't troe !' exclalmod Loila with an effort at drying her teasr. 'It'm! How about Fanny Hope, and one or two others I couol mention ' Biloence. ' And how about his debts I' Silence. ' And his ganibling--and thlatnctross, and--' Loila sprang to her foot. ' I won't listen any morol' she cried. , Ido care forhinm, and I iato Major Arburton, and I won't marry him, nud I will not go to the races to-day.' Mrs. Anstruther grow ipale. She felt her last chanco wao going. ' Tean I shall have to ro-. mind you.' she saild lrlnly, 'that I cannot support all aiiy brothers nld sistera all their lives. I did my best for Nell, and I am doing ay beat for you. You scem to forgot that I havochildren of iiy own to be brought up. I countcd on your miarrying la soon as possible. I did not count on your throwing Ulp a reason able chalice.' It was cruel, but it had its effect. Leila turned vcrv white, then hll moved to the door. ' I will go with you,' she said, scarcely above a wlisper. The ladies' prizo raco was the next on the progratrnmo. Coniedcrable excitement pro viilod among the fair sex us to who would win it. Loil aloine sat calih nlai unmoved among the slpucttlors. She did nit roomi to hear or co anIiything, till suddOnly there wma a little stir and bustle. and riurmutrs of ' Of course ho'll win.' ' lIe's sure of the nice,' ' I feel inclined to congratulate you already, Mr. Willoughby, you look so like winning,' etc. The hero of the race took little notice of such like remarks. 11o imade his way to Leilo and hent low over her. ' Which is it to beo' he asked. For ian iontaint earth anid sky reeled round her, thlu her breinm clieare, oiid she saw his faco, resolute, Inladso:no, d,?llerato. Shue hesltated for ncue istulant, then she choke : Shuido to win., 'The words were so ltw he could scarcely hear theinl, but whli he tornied laway there was a s mile ioln . s 0o. The horses alnd their rider. were drawn up in a lino. Leil:?o lr:aineild ier ivye. to watchl every iliovcltutiofl lhickiu llll white, ihr. Willoughby's coruolira. lMaeppcll.i tilget d nili caught at tilu lit. 'rhero wiv, sfiU little delay, then the flag was iro.upied ; tliey wi:ere oai. At irt lt brellless silenco, tIihoi grobwinig e:.citeSniit. The course wItyL a i:a-ill oneI, altu the rac wasl to be run txrie round. t.ljor Airb:urtoin, whlo hli, not tokeun pairt iis it, uttered ir' Tlihank ticd!' is tlazeppa pi sed the dangl rolls corner i" r;fcety for the lirut time. 'lile'u I, lin tir reit; tno, rilhlow"s psliihiig lip; lo, th it' Alclehn. ?ick' to it IMaldon. \Willouhliy'o Iplaul huii. Bly Jove! ho'li got his cwotkl cut oult for dhim witlh that horse. Now tlihy'ire rIeik and I eck. Giood race. No, Willougnlby'u gaining; ino, Muldon; no-by hearen !' A screlun fromi one of thb Indies, a general coistleriatioli inll rt grIand etand, a udllidenl cesati-nii ofu intercat ai tihe race. Charlle Willoughby rode to win, hbut the providonce hio hlid dared ruveilnoll itself Oi hihii. lituoppa had forced tihe it be twueei:l l,; telth, shied away fron the course, ilid, I liilaig Ih0 frull protec tion of iia hluola whli.h uepliirated it from thell aloe of the liull, had diapl:eared with Iis rider. 'It was a iI arrow shr.. o, anld no milstake,' said Ciharlie Willoughbey, going over the story for the lhundrdlth tiilll wil his wife the second iunitlu of their iuarriige. ' llt Il t helst lirt oi it all was vwhen I knoll donli h~b, ula you i awul hl not leave you,I hlghed Lei!a. ' I shall n-rver forget hiajor Arburtun'il face, nor liA wcrils Inext lay, whcn. hiii Iohl Ile onil waln overr letiVeein i , IInid |Ihat tlhe hest thnllg [ couldl Io, iefer Ihavin? mado such anc e.hiHtiion of mliyself, wosn to marry "that young puppy." ' ' "o,' sald her huuiand t:eadlly; ' tho best part of it all wvs that I rode lIo wii, aind that I iilI Wvil--whhat I most iriultolt--lty wife.' Loedr,| Wor'ld. 