;s TBTE A /L'BTB. / y"r---: — -/- ' ""' , --. I" ou ibwwo see how thh WorM wag ,.— .1, l'un t,ik it xvBhstsnob ill Rookhaiupton at present WilfUsaUthe conditions of Fred Fiuisluvwo'a ' atoms description of it in " Our GirlB," and i ,i " as slow us abort'ol anil . us . dull' as a oomio song.", Positively, ,!,' tliure'.s .nothing in :it," .arid . yet woO-betido < tho , . luukless journalist ' when 1 Snooks in-isos from liis slumbers ot anibihihgaud finds thCre ifanOiioiv efeusatiou in.-tfio papers to lend ttMttpeon of yar|ety 'to, his iram and egg. and, toast. How ho teases psideihis favorite, jourual, wliioli, of course';- is the Arjus, nnd'decVnrOB that things how-a'-days Are hot as' thoy wore of old, wfien1, A 'good blobd-oimiliiig, shiyorlug jionBAtiflp, was'srvud.ppdiot in ' oyery issuo of apAper, v Snooks navor. takes into aocount thnt'htwspaperfa contain -just -what ho and his'fellovi- menyby their sayings and' doings. /fofrjllshfOr thoinl , ThAy' got, it,' into 'their fiqods/ftiat '.'oditorsi by some Aiibtip,' occult process; evolve the matter out of, their innor cobsoiousnosB, and' thutiiv newspaper is, as it wore, directly' inspired by ' some infallibl o j powor,' who sbOs evorything. knovrs overyi g .tHkgfi And has an .AspcioiAjjy, keen ; spent for scandal,; of every, .kind',: add- .kiduoy. I No . Grecian :i .oracle :,.of ;; Delphi., or Dodonay-is esteemed'- to' possess- 'more jof'- ' the attribute'' of " superHitivo ! verity jtlig' the'' journal". of . to-'day. , Tl)e- editorial , A ""go"-. ip., as ,'absolutblyi Removed froiivfiuep- ; \ ,tiop..qr. responsibility to; any higher authority as i that of a' the most; despotic Czar' .who 'ever ruled over <' alt the Russias." The .V.we-.'cousidor" .of a loading- article shapes; .theipolitical creed of > a larger percentage of theeommunity than is - commonly supposed, : owingito'.the persistency .wifih.whioh people; regard the Words -as spokeni in .the colleutivo capacity of the journal, mot in the individual personality .'of ' the writer, -j Let us beware, then, lot treading on a journalist's toes ! , = ll Mll'ii./ - I . >. Mr: Edison announces that he is able to, .transmit kisses by phonograph. Transmit. tHcnr to-whpm ? Thero are1 few things in. this worla that somebody could not be found ready to accept; . but if any. oitizon of the' United States of America, on of any other, country, wants .phonographic .kisses ho has' never- disolosod his. identity.1 i' Perhaps the! greatlnvoutor oxpeots to invohfc a recipient, as well os'.fi transmitter. Andyot there aro' loverB .by the score who boplaStor tlio letters -they send.tp. their 'Chloes and. their Phyllisos; .with1 " so many-kisses on this spot, dear, to' show, you how much I love yoiuV as tho lotter of, a defondant read in a. recent breach of. jpromiso cose 'down; south "glislied," to the: .auiusem'ent. of ah unfeeling circle of court; -hatjituds. ' ' Yet: I . consider l.dison can lay no ; olaim-tp originality with: i respect to the; transmission of kisses by the plionogiaph.! ITcorcs! i of... years : before; ho bhw the light; tho. transmission of suoh delicate osculations! owqs-igoing ton ; only thu. medium employed; was not itinfoil, ! but .paper,' pons, and . ink.; Wo.'are always living'nnd learning ! ' ; .y.u-..;:.i - .... . . ... Truth is responsible for tho following facts A minister of the Scotch Establishment, at' a place i, called j Whitoinch.i received an im- ; prossive lesson some Sundays ago on tho! /subject of politics in tho-ipulpit. It seems; jthat the, General Assombly lins puhlished 'aj .manifssto 'on tho bicentenary ofitho ltevolu-3 ,tion of 1(588, and theRov. Quinton. Johnston,! .after- rending 'this edifying document to his! 'congregation, proooodoil .to supplement ; it! :with his own valuable views on the political 'situation,!. describing Mr.. Gladstono as "a tool in the hands of Jtoiuauisin," . and so; .forth. Thoroapon up roso a young lady in ; LjjlL the congregation, who called upon tho preacher' lPytap stop, 'and; having, frightonedi hiui into ailence, sho proceeded to rate him soundly .for. " desecrating the house of prayer, by -pro-3 .paguting: partyism within its walls." The' effect-seems to have been excellent, for tho! Rev. Johnston was moved to apologise frankly! for his -offenco. Wo could, do with a1 few young ladies of the same typo in Hook- , -Hampton when similar nonsonse. is. talked.; I do not in the least , sue why an inoffensive, .congregation should be expected to listen,' -without a protest or complaint,' to whatever! -quantity of twaddle — religioufa, social,, or, political —a man in a pulpit chooses to dis-i charge at' their heade.. Often and often,; ...when suffering in silence under some ox-, -oeptionally, prosy priest, have>I. thought what1, a revolution might bo effected .in pulpit| .oratory if ; it became a recognised practice for the viotims to express approval or dis-. sent. I . would go so far as suggesting that! .anyone should be at' liberty to get up and .contradict or argue with the preacher. ; 1, know. .many .people who advoeato this; but,: of course, .decorum. must he: maintained in j church. I think expressions of opinion might1 he limited to "hear hear!" "No, no I" and , (perhap'B Most important) '/! Time !" If tliis ; were allowed, I believe many sinners might j he reclaimed who now refuse to go to church. Why don't 'Diocesan Confe'renees' and Pan-; Anglican Synods take- up practical questions j like this?, . .. . ; 5 ' Several newspapers hive taken ' advantage J pf ' the | ! iqafriage of' the ! Hon. ' Joseph %h!qmhe'rlain,to <in Americ.ih , iqdy, to., call .attention to the'.way.io which American. girls' Jfcrjs' ' cutting "out English girls,' in, tlie matri- ' mpniai 'market',, anil haye , suggested . many ! ca\isesufdy this. Labouchare does not hesitate ' 'to' 'riOf' thoif; "the' main reason, iB'.thdtj-thb American gW igjipt .so, liiieayjaa'.ho r E n gl i'sh ; sister, and thnt-Bhe is brought up to run down her owu ganio. ' In England the notion ' still prevails that a 'girl is sure to get into mischief 'If !she h'fts' not a mother -or some thing of that sort at her elbows. She herself resents' this, i ahd takes- it -out in fast con versation and . slangy ways, so that sho becomes a singular mixture of a doll and a tomboy. Hcr-smaU talk is the very smallest .of small talk. Her mother is always by her, jyrith .palpable suggestions of marriage, TTbieh. , frighten: > off < all Buitors. The , girl (drgssee badly, generally with ' meretrioious gaud; she, does not give her natural' ad- vantages a fair chance ; at one moment she appears in the hideouB garments of tho .ceatheto ; at another she is arrayed iu a manniBh tennis costume, .with -a racket ,in ' her . hand.; at another in the. white , and limp muslin of innocence. There is .always an air of offort in her get-up, and of I effort which. is a failure. Now, 'the American gin lias natural tusto; nor cioonas seem to belong to hor, and whatuVor sho may wear, :ie , put on to tp the boat advantage ; , she ', Jfnow.B how to -talk, agroeably, and, being ) always quite, at. her oase, puts all those with " whom she.is thrown at their ease. The day , <V .pf; the bread-and-butter; .tomYiy is ovor. j English, girls must realise tliie if thoy .waut £ to get married.,! There is still oue further i reason ,why the American girl is preferred. B. . Imericaaman who lias bous and daughters M .mekqa, no financial difference betwoon the -.fiWp.'n In England, uvou when a man is not sp silly as to pile everything upon his oldest spq, jio gives, his .sons., moro , tlian his p,H\>giturfl. The result is .tluvt thore are .mPro Anierican glrla with money than Eng jieh girls, and, outnide novels, the fact that ,0, ,gir) ,puu pay her . own way eondueos' to .piarriage. If. I hud four daughters and four . sons,: I should, were I, rich, divide my money equally between them on my dentil ; aud if /I, were moderatoly woll .off, I should leave 4P.(>ro money to tlio girlj than to tho boy b, for a )jpy..if he ho, not a tool, can make money produce, money, wlior/?£3 a girl raroly can. . ..u I- . , « ;! (: (-, . A funny scene tooirplaeo a few wooks ago in a, small northern1 town in England at1 _the I , fortnightly moetingof tho local literary sdoioty , at which a papor |'iis to ho read.' on "The ' 7 Works of George Ejiot." Tho vicar , was in til-' chair, and in tip course of his prelimi- nary'romarks ho explained thnt he antici-; patud this paper with much interest, boiinUso lie hail for many years " onjo'yod Mr/Eliot's personal' friendship." Tho ' writoh 'bP 'the' phper vonturod to remind ! tho roiorond ininaueor that " Georgo Eliot'" was a' lady.' " Eli I what f" answered ' the' Vioar., : The obscrvation wus repeated in a louder tonb;' and the reply was, "Oh I Ahl TeB-!1 Of course, exactly so,' just what I ' .meant,'' and the viear abruptly sitting down,'1 there was li laugh from some of the audionce, wlioreiipon the > reverend' friend of 'Mr. Eliot ' tnrncij round in Bad Anger, and 'oxclaihied ' that Solomon liad' rightly- described' the laiiglitor of fools as rbsembling'the crackling of' thorns under a pot,' and then1 Mmetliihg was lwther loudly muttered about Solomon's condemna' tiou of liars, and; he a looal paper; pleasantly put it, " tlie author of the ' paper brought- a painfiilly 'omb'avrassihg 'situation tU'- h bioso by -commencing- to' rOad' his paper."' After sucli preliminaries, 'the- ' Vical1 "innst' have fqmid'it:" painfully buibarine'sirtg'" to' move tlie 'customary vote of i'thankb' at 'the ' con clusion 'of the' 'entertainment. Thki how ever is only onaparallel with tlio scene nrllich took- 1 piace-'over the! authorship of (« A'daiii He.de," when a Mr: Liggiiis'laiil claiiii to tho authorship of the novel'-ovbii'during the 'life- titilo'of the aiithOV.-- ' " I: J>.l- , .... 1 .! I Tho following catliloguu 'of'1 bluridor's may ''interest" my ''toadors' 'Ono -! 'ac count of tho Into Geriuati'' Emperor's funeral, writo3- David Ker in Harper's Weekly, . stqteil , |thoj /tl\oj -j sormon was preached' on li text from "The Book of Jacob'"— a ' hitlibrto unknown portion of 'Holy writ— the rOal'Words hoinf the "Epistle of James " (Jakob); ' Ah" English transla tion of a German novel rondoiied '"Ieh'-Khba. oinen Gast bok6mmen " (I-liavo 'got a ghost) by- " I ' htiv'e become a ghost."' 'Another;, transformed " food fbr reptiles" into '(the Diet 'of 'Worms." InatPronbh version of, ".Guy Mahne'rlng " tlib' plirnsa'f,"a stickit' Minister (ntisueeesSful'preii'cheV) ' 'flgnrbd'h's " un niieistre ' aSsaaaainih" NOf aro 'tho titles : of -hboles ' n! loss fruitful field of mis translation tlian1 their' contents. A Vionnh ' translation of George Eliot'B "Felix f'lblt, tho Radical," was'ontitled " Felix. Hold; the Rascal i" ' .The play 'of "Lovc'b Last1 Shift," was reproduced in Paris as " La ' De'rriiere ' 'Chemise do 1 Amour;" Rob Roy figureb in Russia as Bob the King; ! " Roy " -having beOu; 1 coufused with " Rbi. A" similar misconoeption turned "Mi?-; nipiros de Roy d' ' Argons " infb! '"Memoirs of a Silvor King"— ti»." exploit, almost rivalling that of - ' the fnriuor who hamed a pet rooster "Robinson" bocnuse he " crew so." But the palm of mistranslation is certainly due to an' Englishman who sbm'e years ago came to a foreign teaohor to' be "finished" in German, nnd was iiBked to write a Bonteucc in colloquial Euglish, and then to translate it; He wrote " Ho has bolted; and has not settled.' his bill;",'traus- lating it by "Er hat verriegolt. und hat uielit einsedolt seinen Schnabel." " Vorrie- gelu" meaning " to holt a door," " oinBie- dein" to " sottle as a colonist," nnd " Sclinn- bal".;"thc bill of a bird," this extraordinary . sentence really, signified, " Ho 1ms driven in a holt, and lias not colonised his beak." ; - I ! , ; ; , , \- , A significant illustration, of tlio practical; . working of the Tusmnniun, Married Woman's Property Act Iuib como uadee our notice, hut' which contains also. features :of interest to us, in Quaonsliind. A country liotul- keiper re-! omitly. called on an: importer iuiLauneeston, stating, that, lie had boon recommended to thel firm, and wiis , eonrteously. welcomed. / Tho stranger said -as ho was, a cash' cnstolner hoi wanted prices cut vory.fino, and after driying | a - keen bargain ho selected various linus.j Drawing ,out a cheque hook on a countryj brunch bank, he showed the importer that; 'the blank cheques wera signed by, his wife,, aud stated that; ha banked everything in his. wife's name. This did not incroaae the im porter's opinion of his new customer, butdtj made him .bolievo that he, at. all . eyents.i would get paid, and,. at: itho .request of tho1 customer, lie cheerfully fillod in a chequo for: the amount of,, the recont purchase. Thej goods wore; paoked, and, sent away by train,! bill, that choline has never been paid, and nsi there is a bill: of sale ovor. the, offepts ofitho! unstomer, who, always hanked lovofything: iu his wife's name, "-tho -importer is not'do-j sirous of uny other " cosh" customers of this stamp boing-.recommondod.-to.-give him ai . , , .H . zxNQARO. j 