A PRODUCERS' DEFENCE LEAGUE. We are glad to find that the Executive Committee of the Farmers' Association is still devoting attention to the question of the. land, tax, and to the wisdom of establishing a Producers' Defence League. If we may venture to make a suggestion to the Association we would urge them not to be frightened by ghosts of their own creation, but to look the facts boldly in the face. For the present they may dismiss the question of a single tax,' because that is a consummation that we shall not reach for some years to come. If: the time should ever come, as we hope it will, when we shall raise all the revenue we require without resorting to Customs duties, income tax, and similar expedients, it will not even then be raised by means of a single tax, but by a process, as we have more -than once explained, that will involve no confis cation, and will press hardly upon no section of the community. We agree with one of the committee, who said at the laat meetlog that he felt it to be his duty to bear his fair Bbare of taxation, and that he was not to be seduced into favouring any project because he was told that if it were adopted he would pay no taxation. On this point neither he nor hia brother members need trouble their heads. They pay pretty heavy taxes now, and they will have to pay taxes for a good many years to come. If instead of rivalling Don Quixote and tilting at windmills under the delusion they are fighting giants they will turn their attention to the formation of a Producers' Defenoe League- they will probably receive a good deal of light upon: the other- questions that are just now troubling them. We assume, of course, that they will regard production as a per manent industry, and that they will think not only of their own position, but of their sons and grandsons who are to come after them. We believe that farmers as a class are not a selfish body of men, and that they do not found their actions upon that vicious and immoral- rule, 'After us the deluge.' It will be agreed that land is the first essential to production. The time will come when, if our present system of land tenure is continued, everybody who wants a few hundred acres will have to buy at an increased price upon the present values or hire at a considerably advanced rental upon that for which it can nowbeobtained. Without waiting for the future we may take facts as they now are. Thousands upon thousands of acres that were once tilled have passed out of cultivation and have gone into the hands of large proprietors. If any member of the Executive of the Farmers' Association, growing tired of the North, wants to take up land nearer td Adelaide, and applies to the owner of any of the sections i just referred, he will probably not think it a good thing that land should be at a high price, and he will probably not think it: a fatal objection to a scheme that it will have 'the effect of depreciating the value of land.' Is not the cry of the producer always for cheap land, and Is it not the constant complaint of the farmer that he has to ' pay too much for his land ? Have not all our Land Bills for years past had for their object the reduction of the terms upon which the Crown lands may be obtained by the producer? If Mr. Binney'a contention means anything at all, then he must hold that all these concessions to the farmers have been -*'. very objectionable,' because they have* had the efieot of depredating the value of the land. Yet we suppose that. neither he nor any of his fellowcommittee men are of . this opinion. The truth ia they fail to remember that as owners of hind it is no doubt a personal gain to them that their farms Bhould increase in value ; but it is no gain to them as producers, and it will be no gain to their children and to those who are to come after; them. If they are really anxious to form a. Producers' League, and not a Small Landholders' and Capitalists' League, they will, we are convinced, eliminate from their creed the utterly untenable proposition that high-priced land is a benefit to the consumer. - I Having settled the question . whether cheap land is a help or a hindrance to pro duction, a Producers' League may appropriately turn its attention to the enquiry whether there are not certain forms of taxation that are a serious handicap to it. There is no doubt that through the Customs farmers, in common with many: others/ are heavily and needlessly taxed. Many duties are Imposed by the present tariff which 'Have not even the excuse of baing protec tive. They, do not foster, and they] are not 3ikely^to fcater, ; any industry, an»t .=. yefc ih^Eihimper production. Many.of, -., those that are protective duties press heavily uporf'&e; ? former. The truth of; this will be'! seen if, we? re~ member that production alone is only. : half the battle. The farmer does not grow his wheat or his wool Blmply for the sake' of .producing it, but In order that hej may obtain other things in exchange - for It Anything that increases the coBt of producing or lessens the value of tliafc which he receives in exchange for his products is a serious Iobs to him. ThiB is one side of the producer's question which the League will do well to consider. We do not want to weary them with too - much abstruse reasoning, but rather to . indicate two or three directions in which' the Producers' League may push their enquiries with advantage. The laat point we; suggest to them Is this, that; the \, land tax is the only impost that is not a . tax on thrift and industry. A property tax would tax the fruit, of a man's labour j. the Customs duties tax the perishable 4 Instruments which need to be frequently - renewed, and which aie essential to the successful prosecution of the work of the producer: The land tax does neither, for it imposes no greater burden upon the thrifty and industrious proprietor of land ' than it does upon his neighbour, who is - content to allow his land to remain idle. Here we end our lesson for the present. If the producers are wise- ? they will not be frightened by , bogeys, but will turn their attention -- Beriously to the solution of the problems- ? to which we have referred. They want - cheap land, cheap means of production,' ', and an open market for their produce so ',']. that they may get a fair equivalent for it. .. What Is the best policy for them to advo cate in order to Becure these undoubted '[ advantages? The Aixeged Smallpox Case. — The authorities cannot be unreservedly com plimented on their action in connection with the alleged case- of smallpox. The; ? Central Board of Health has exonerated Dr. Toll from blame in the matter, and has censured the surgeon of the Yarra. We have no wish to call in question the aocu- . xacy of either decision. Seeing, however, that there were only a few passengers for Adelaide it seemB Btrange that some additional precautions were not taken to ascertain the facts. There would, have been no hardship in preventing the passengers en route from landing, and if it had been found necessary to quarantine all the Adelaide passengers tbe incon venience would have been confined to a limited circle. Knowing that the cabins on a steamer are usually occupied by more than one it might have been supposed that an enquiry would be instituted as to the cabin companion of the passenger who was believed to have had: smallpox, If this enquiry had been made it would have led to the examination of the passenger Parker before he left the vessel. Then it occurs to one as not being quite a sufficient precaution to send Parker into quarantine while the other passengers are allowed to remain on shore. Again, if it was necesaary to isolate the. house in North Adelaide ii it not rather ridiculous - to remove the embargo so speedily 1 We commend the health authorities for not making a fuse, and for not causing more inconvenience than Ib nece&Bary; ; but if oerUin pre cautions are desirable in the publio interest they should not be relaxed on any consideration. It is quite possible that Australians are too ready to take alarm at the first indications of smallpox; but nothing will more effectually check this tendency than firmness and prompt ness on the part of the health authorities in the adoption of measures that commend themBelvea to the good sense of the public. It mfry not be amiss to ask how far the regulations as to vaccination are being enforced. When one finds out how easy: it seems to be for an alleged caBe | of smallpox to be . introduced into \ the colony it Is pertinent to aBk what is being done to prevent the disease spreading if it should get a hold here. As to this particular case, the impression produced by what haB been done is that the authorities were not - . very: sure whether it. was a case of smallpox ; that thinking it better to be on . the safe side they sent tbe patient into quarantine ; and that then, fearing they had done, too much, they removed the embargo from the house in which he had - lodged. . -'???.' The Pbibob op Walks' Bibthday. — ? , Gr.eat preparations have been made for the Druids' Gala, which is the chief amusement oq the list for the public holiday to-day. Tha procession, which of course opens the pro ceedings, will form an interesting speotaole, and many novel sights are promised, Some fine entries have been received for the sporto, whiob should prove to be exoiting. Every thing is being done In conneotion with the draw; for the free gifts to show the publio that it is strictly bona fide. The utmost publicity baa been invited, and the prelimi nary ^arrangements for the drawing were mads: on Saturday evening at the Sir John Barleycorn by tbe sommittee, who explained - the working of the idea to one of our re porters, who was present all the evening. First a list of numbers corresponding to the numbers on the tiokets issued is made, and after being arranged all the numbers similar to those on the unsold tiokets were taken oat ? and destroyed. Tbe effect of this was that only Ithose tickets sold had a ohance of securing a prize, and every tioket disposed of had a corresponding number in the drawing machine. After this had been done all the ' numbers were placed in a oask, and 200 - numbers, representing the prizes, were pufc in a smaller cask. On the grounds to-day the drawing will take place. A tioket will be taken from the larger oask and another from the prize cask, and then the holder of the ticket corresponding to the number ' taken from the firBt caBk will bo entitled to the prize bearing the number taken from tbe prize cask. The other attractions to-day all claim attention. The Militia parade early to repel a supposed attack. A programme of sports has been chosen for tbe picnio of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Bsnefifc Society at Blackwood. An athletio tour nament and band contest are advertised, to take place in the Jubilee Exhibition Building, whilst at night Miss Janet Achnrch appears at the Theatre Royal, and a popular ooncert by leading artists will be given in the Town HalL English Mail Day.— The Minister of: Education has received a cablegram from Sir Arthur Bljth stating that if agreeable to the colonies in future the English mails will leave Adelaide on Wednesdays, andjiehas replied that such an arrangement would to in accordance with the wishes of the oolony. South Australia and 8m Hkkbt: Pabkes' Fedebal Pboposals.— Oo Saturday ,. tb© Chief Secretary received a telegram from the Premier of Tasmania, asking the view* ? of Sonth Australia with reBpeot to the federal proposals of Sir Henry Parkes. Dr. Cockburn replied tbat he waB hopeful that some means would be devised to eecore a onvention of representatives of the colonies on tbe lines adopted in oonneotioa with fche» oraatlon of the Fed e/ a.-. Council. SH00TI5G Affray at Kokth Abelaids.— - Two men were shot in Lower North; Adelaide on Saturday, shortly after noon,, under somewhat remarkable circumstances Henry Dearmer, a miner, having pur chased a revolver in the morning, . proceeded to North Adelaide, wbere, h4s-: wife was residing aa the wife of Captain Price, of Broken Hill. Captain Price w*% ft way from home,Jmthia son, who wu in the hous^ metTDtearmer in the passage^, JDaring. the scnffla which eriaued, and and whioh lasted samejoinates, « shot from Dearmtfs revoke* - entered Prioe's right leg, while a ballet from a revolver held by Mrs. Oearmer wounded her husband in the abdomen. Neither of the men la BoriooBly injured. Mr. and Mm Dearmer are ia custody. Thb Aixbgkd Cask of Smaixpox.— - Qaarantine restriction waa on Friday afternoon removed from Mrs. Vincent's house in North Adelaide, whew Mr. Faikei waa residing at the time he was visited by the medical anthoxifciea. The rooms have been thoroughly fumigated. Although in the public interest it has been advisable to deal promptly and firmly with the case, it maybe mentioned that some of lira. Vincent's family have been, subjected to inconvenience through the house being quarantined, inasmuch as they were not allowed to enter it on Thurs day. Dr. Toll (the Health Officer), has been notified that the condition of the quaran tined patient ij improving. Cricket.— The attendance at the Adelaide Oval on Saturday waa only moderate. The Norwoods made 268 runs for 6 wickets aaainst the South Adelaides, G. Giffen play ing finely for 113 not out, while Lyons hit somewhat luckily for 68. . At the other end the North Adelaides raised 208 for 8 wickets against the Adelaides. Macfcie's 46 not oat was by far the best innings 61 the side. Bath matches will be continued next Saturday. , Th* Late Captain Uicksos.— A ship master well known in the colonies, but who had fox several years lived in retirement, Captain Peter Dickaon, Ben., died at the Semaphore on Saturday. He was bora at Dunbar, Scotland, in 1814. He arrived at Port Adelaide In charge of the brig Tweed in 1853, and made a voyage to Melbourne with diggers.' 'Her next took command of the schooner Josephine L'Oiaseaui and Boon &f; ter wardahe was appointed master of the Iron Prince:, a small steamer running to Port Elliot in conjunction with Captain Francis CadelTs early efforta to open the Murray and Darling Biven. Wishing to return to his native land, in 1S54, he took charge of the brig Lady Emma, at that time lying at Port Elliot unloading two small steamers for liver work. In 1862 he returned to this colony and made many successful coasting voyages. For some yean past he has been laid aside although enjoying very fair health. Within the last tendayB he became very ill, and expired on [Saturday afternoon at the ripe age of seventy-five. Captain W. P. Dicks in, of the pilot Bervice, is a son of the deceased. Bowdek Boot Factoby.— The erection of Mr. A. Dowie's boot factory at Bowden has new been completed, and work will be begun en Tuesday next. The building is of two stories, the lower floor of which is devoted principally to setting up and finishing part of the business, and the top story to the cutting oat and manufacture of uppers. Each, room 100 feet long and 44 feet wide by about 18 feet high, lighted by large windows oa each side, all made to open to increase the ventilation The female workers occupy the upper story which is reached by a staircase o» the eastern side, and this as well the dressin t room, lavatory, and other zooms, which are at the south end of the building, are all con atincted outside* so as not to encroach on the space provided for the operatives. Provision 1b made for about fifty sewing- machines on this floor, and every convenience. is provided to facilitate the rapid production of the articles manufactured. The Manager's office and storeroom for upper leathers and requi sites is situate at the northern end of this floor, and here another Btairoase communicates with a Bimilar storeroom, on the ground floor, where the sole leather and other materials are kept The cutting and pressing machines aie almoBt all new and of the most improved pattern, and those and also the sewing mashinesaredrivenbyagas engine of sixhorse power, which is also located on theontaid? of the ground floor on the western side of the main building. Accommodation for the men is provided at the end of the lower room also outside— and on the upper floor a gas etove is provided for the convenience of those who have their meals on the premises. Mr. Bridgman, the Manager, stateB that he expects to have about 200 male and eighty female workers fully employed, and even then, if required, fifty more hands can be accommodated. The factory immediately adjoins the Bowden Tannery, which ia also the property of Mr. Dowia, where the leather required by the factory is manufactured. Flower Stealeso.— Residents in the city are warned not to leave their front gates un locked at night if they have any flowers and gazdena in front of their houses. Daring the last few days several residents in the eastern and southern ends of tbe city have had choice flowera taken during tha night. In many cases the me?n thieves have not been content to take the blossoms, but have re moved the plants bodily. In other cues shrubs and larger plants have been wan tonly destroyed, limbs having been broken down and thrown on the footpaths in front of the despoiled gardens. Several house holders- who have devoted a good deal cf attention to their front plots have had many honrs of labour undone in a few minutes. Cohmbssabeb Smabxnbss.— A passenger by Friday night's train from the North men tiona a commendable act of smartness by the driver and atoker of the train. The grass having caught fire after passing Terowie, the train was promptly pulled up, and the Btoker jumped down and beat~the flimes out with a sack, thus preventing what might in all pro bability have been a seriouB fire. The train was only delayed five minutes. ' ' RoraD the WoKED.'— Under this head .leg the Cheshire County New and Stocbpor I Chronicle, of October 4 publishes a narrative cf the travels of Messrs. Gilea Atherton and J. Wood, Councillors in the Corporation of Stockport. These gentlemen left England by the Orient sis. Austral for a tour round the world. Mr. Atherton is the writer o the series of articles, in which this colony, and Adelaide especially, are referred to- in complimentary terms. The visitors were escorted round the city by Mr. E. C. Long son, who, as a .native of Stockport and a cousin of one of Ita Aldermen, waa delighted to renew hia early acquaintance with Mr. Wood. For a one-day'a sojourn here the facte gleaned by Mr. Atherton are well presented. As to the population of Adelaide, however, it is not correct to say that it consists of 60,000, for it includes double that number. We all know the high reputation eojoyed by the Mayor of Adelaide on account of hia hospitality, but it comes as a surprise to learn that Mr. Shaw had deputed Mr. Long eon to give our visitors 'a pressing invita tion to stay in Adelaide for a few days, aa he would be pleased to give us the freedom of the city.' . Adelaide Chtldbzn's Hospital. — The monthly meeting of the Board was held on the 7th inst, His Excellency the Acting Governor in the chair. The monthly finanoia statement showed receipts, £116 6s. Ed.; expenditure, £250 12a. . 2d. The' resident Medical Officer reported: — Admissions, 15; discharged, 27; died, 3. Causes of death diphtheria, marasmus, and bronchopneu monia. Average number of inmates for month, 325'; present number, 3L The Secretary (Sir. W. Howcain) reported 313 attendances at Outdoor Dispensary, including 125 new cases. The alterations to premise had been completed satisfactorily at a cost oi £544 10s. The improvements now obtained were much needed, and will render available four additional .rooms on the basement. Dr. Symonda was appointed Honorary Con sulting Ophthalmio Officer to the Hospital. A letter of thanks was received from the N.A. Ladies' Ambulance Mission for use oJ Board-room to hold their meetings. Ac ?counta to the value of £365 10a. lid. were examined and passed for payment, and the following gjfta were thankfully acknow lodged :— Mr. Canning (ffookina), St. PaulN Church] (Adelaide), N.A. Congregationa CBnroh and All Saints S.S., flowers ; Mi« fiannay. nine nightshirts ; MissG. C. Shier law, sixteen jackets; girls of Waterloc School (per Miss Kei), twelve pillow cases MtaMfley, old linen; Rev. S. Mead, toys Mr. Eobinson (Mannanarie). eggs. 