While New South Wales has been pluDged iu the the throes of a general election, during which the dreary old war cries of the past resounded 'from Point Danger to theSuowy River and from Cape B.vron io Cooper's Creek ; the Yellow Pup and the Kiama Ghost were rroireu out as importune iacrors in the struggle, and the unfortunate people of that misgoverned province were worked up by rival sets ol' the political quacks who rule them into a pretence of interest in the state of public affairs, an event was quietly consummating which will go a long way towards awakening the selfcon sciousness of the Australian nation as whole, and so undermining the as cendancy of those vile dabblers in statecraft who batten ou our mutual urtA The event alluded to is the practical completionlofthe Hawkesbury Bridge, the most important link in that as vet incomplete system of trunk rail ways which has already brought the four eastern Australian capitals within less than a week's distance of each other. On the first day of the present month the seventh and largest span of the huge structure was placed in position, and the last gap in the chain of railway communica tion that links Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide in one com mon embrace, was filled up. The Hawkesbury Bridge, which is in tended to carry the intercolonial I trunk line over the river from which it takes its name, is 2900 feet in length ; consisting of seven spans severally measuring upwards of 400 feet, and having a total weight above the waterline of 70,000 tons, ex clusively of the gigantic caissons and other subaqueous portions, which weigh more than double that figure, each span has been built on an enor mous floating nlatform and floated i ntn position between the piers that sup port the whole. At the present moment the railway is being carried across the bridge, and only the un fortunate subsidence of the embank ment on the northern bank of the river, which will require about six weeks to bring it up to its normal level, hinders railway trains from at once running without interruption between Brisbane and Sydney. Much however, as this junction of the four great Australian centres of popula tion appeals to the fancy, it is but one and by no means the chief por tion of the vast network of iron roads that is everywhere extending its feelers over our as yet barely explored continent. At the present rate of railway construction in Queensland the coast line, at any rate as far as Rockhampton, will be completed in at most three years, by which time the Central Railway will be far ad vanced towards the South Australian border, thus nearly completing a rail way circuit, one half ol' which will skirt the coast districts oi Central and Southern Queensland, of New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia, while the remaining sec tions traverse the arid inland tracts that intervene between the head of Spenser's Gulf and the head watersof the 1 {iver Fitzroy. Simultaneously, the Northern trunk line of South Australia will be creeping up gradu ally towards Port Darwin, thus pre paring the way for a more abundant and direct influx of immigrant settlers from Europe than has yet taken place. The first and most immediately im portant result of the extension of rail way traffic into the distant interior can hardly fail to be a healthier redistribution of the existing popuia tion. The over-crowding of the large metropolitan centres, as compared with the sparsely inhabited country districts, is mrgeiy aue to tne want of means of intercommunication between them and other inland centres, which for more than halt a century conflncd the bulk of inhabi tants to the seabord, and checked the equable development of their magni ficent territorial inheritance. Rail ways are the natural foe to the squatting and land-grabbing policy that has so long locked up the best lauds iu the colonies against genuine sctblemcut. And with tbe improve ment in the social position of the Australian communities will come a chauge ior the better over their mutual political relations. Inter colonial misunderstandings and aui- 1 luositics, fostered by political mis- 1 chief iuou'gere for their own sinister purposes, will not long survive the , growth in mutual comprehension aud , appreciation due to frequent and con- j tiuuous laud journeys; and we have, as yet, happily, no ' war party' to ' neutralise, as in Europe, the whole- , some iulltience of unrestricted inter- j course. Communication by sea, how- ! ever valuable fo' the interchange1 of commodities, does not enable the traveller to realise in the same measure the geographical aud physi cal uniformity of our continent nor i the resulting similarity of the iu- [ terests of its population. The ! absurdity of levying border tolls between states of like origin, aspect, customs and. wants, and differing only in such slight physical features as latitude stamps oil them, will cease with the adoption of a uniform | customs tariff. And since the latter I will almost certainly be protective, in order to stimulate the productive abilities of the young nation and shield its producers against the cut throat competition of Europe and China, where the condition of the mass of the people is one of chronic pauperism, this source of revenue, shorn of its efficacy as such, will need to be supplemented by other forms of taxation. But if the coming Aus tralian Federation, based ou inter colonial Freetrade, is wisely governed, such supplementary taxation will almost certainly fasten on the land, the source of all production, as its appropriate object. From the un productive appropriation of the laud by individuals flow all our social lucqumiues aim miseries, it is uui just, then, that a limit be set to such appropriation by the imposition of a tax of sufficient amount to ensure that the laud shall be used. A tax on unimproved land values, varying according to situation and demand, would mightily curb the inordinate social power now- wielded by accumuj lated capital through the instrument of laud monopoly. Thus the hammer stroke to the last rivet of the Hawkes bury Bridge, in the first instance significant only of express trips between Brisbane and Adelaide, may carry in its echoes the tocsin of a new social era. So mote it be. 