DIANA. Sho was as straight aa an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar white skin which does not tan nor grow sa'low. The first Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination of masculiuo strength and feminine beauty — not lumuiuiu cuougu to oe wuouy woman, nor masculine, enough be bo wholly man. ller dresj was half one and hall the other. A man's'black slouch hat covered her head, aud a man's black coat protected her shoulders ; n petticoat of thick,dark stuff hid the reBt of her down to tho ankles of her boot-shod tcct. She roilo a huge black stallion, a crcaturo as splendid and fiery and scornful as the Bcornful, licry, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. Au imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, upflinging heads, nnd eyes restless with 'untamable do fiance the cluse kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast nnd one human. She wns Diana ; tho horse's name was ' Satan.' Diana loved Satan aud Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing, and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of them, Dinnn pulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. Thoy looked like a ebony-statued Centaur. Before them tbe Bun was setting— sinking, sliding down a littlo and a liitlc into tho futherniost edge of the plain. So su'tf / nnd red and so close to tho dead grass ic seemed it must set it afire. Behind them tho bluo, snow-lined wall of tho Sierras reached up to tho clouds. Tulare Lako glittered, and glowed, and biirncd in the red sun-rays until its many* lengue crystal bosom seemed struck by some sudden .-transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. jTlie ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to' the ground ; it took oil its slouched hat, its Ilur eyes lookod straight iuto tho west, A lizard scampercd away, rustling tlie J dry grass with its scaly legs, -squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up on iU haunches, with' eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared as straight at the Centaur us thcise of the Cen taur stared into the west. tfor all other sign of animated existence on the plains th3se might have been all that in habited them. , Lower sunk' the sun, higher, , and wider, nnd deeper-tinted spread its glow ; the glory in the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple-glittered, glisten ing, diamond -bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of wliite-tleeced clouds, in silver and ciimsun and opal and gold, that rose and towered and toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and spread over tbe hot ground and the brown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its black glossy hide, and stole into the face of the womau. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul; and lighted her features with the piireness ot the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak — the only tree for miles around— stood near ; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped from behind. He made no noise and was not seen. He was sun-burned, and unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an Odd twitching of the muscles about his mouth, and as he. watched, the process of transformation in the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. , . . ; i Without any conscious ' volition he reached forth his - hands and cried out, 'Diana.' Was it the reflection of tho sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation! or did sho hear? ... She touohed the rein and Satan bounded forward, the. ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It waa again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hating humanity and smiting the earth with.oon* temptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after, her a little while, then walked slowly . away, taking an opposite . direc tion. ; A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the name of 'House.' ' See, Bill, will ye, looks liko he was walk in' home in tbe ahadder of his coffin, and Shep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' sheep.' The man, to whom tbo words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyeB and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other : ' Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of hiB bad wayB. £ wouldn't won der if he'd seen that woman again. It's enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him the way he looks after he's seen her,'* ' Ha'nt bo dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid fantasmagory a lia'ntin' me. ' Stop— he'll hear you.' The one who spoke last got up and walked out at the back' door to stop the talk of the other. ' Well, I'll be golled ; if I was as thin skinned about other people's feelin's as some people, I'd get mo a patent outside,' mut tered Brassy. The cause of the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife and com menced whittling. 'Shore sign,' growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper; 'atluz whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein'.cuticularously tough,. but then them moods, an'; tenieB, an': them fine- haired feel in's helps n fcllow out of lots of cookiu'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or' expect a . youngster with the brine so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the mouth ? Seen a g host or anything ?' Bill did. not look up, or stop whittling. . 'Yes, ,,1've seen a ghost. Supper ready ?' ' No, but I've got her on a-bilin',' cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have re jected the mathematics of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. '? Kuock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to. cipher out. Now, tber's Bill and Dainty, .my partners, nary ono of which ever recollected that grub hez to be cooked, and nary one of which evcrforgits tofeel the symptoms of approach in' meal time. But which ever side you git on! grub's iu the middle, therefore spticin' two and two; and makin' it versus a unknown quality which ;is grub, I find by those figger in' that grub is tho 9yntax of life, an' the result of the calkerlation is Brassy hez to cook it.' : Brassy had to talk. If he had not anyone else to talk to ho talked to himself. They were a: diversified three that sat' down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rcchristencd thus by by Brassy because of his slightness of stature and fastidious ways, and the irrepres sible, philosophical, good- natured Brassy, who talked when he should havo said noth ing, and said nsthing when he should have talked, nnd alwavs hit in the wroiiL' ninee. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on tliat territory of range whoso boundary line was marked by its vast loncsom')ues3. But in a climato where the .squirrel, the owl, and the rattle snake dwelt peacefully in tho sama abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, and the men sat out side of tho cabin, two of them taking, their aftor- suppcr smoko. The mysterious calm of the brcezelesB night bad put upon them its spell of Bilenco. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove-wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be- . tween his thumb and forefinger, and blew contented little puffs ot smoke away from his mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. ' Bill,' said he, ' you ought to smoke ; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o' good stove-wood.' Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift ends of the stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gave Brassy a warning glance ; but do warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. Ho always maintained it was against hiB principles to tako hints. ' Ves, smokin' is the most continuous com fortin' amusement I know of ; nothin' likeit to put n man in good Bperrits, onless it's puttin' good sperries in a man; an' stove- wood in this country is mighty hard to get. Yes, Bill, you ought to tako to smokin'. It's: palaces, nn' diamonds, an' 'Rabian steeds to the pore man. Courso thoy got up in smoke,' but they'ro his while they'ro goin , If you're hungry, it's a sort of soothnient to tho plnce ?t's achin' for victuals. If you'ro nlone in n howlia' wilderncta it's wifo, children, aud ? * ? - ? ' ' friends— they go up. in smoke, too, bu»,ye(-» have 'ehi while they're goin' j'ah it keepa the female sect from ha'ntin' a lonesome bache lor.' He looked comically at Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. ? Dainty puckered his brows into a most speaking frown and asked, Brassy, do . you : know why you are not like xsnj' old kinte i' , ' Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most' always some difference between Ipeople and old knives ; now, there's Bill- ? ' Dainty jumped up and threw away bis cigarette. 1 'Boys,' said he, 'let's take the dogs over ; to the river and tree a wild cat.' Brassy pocketed bis pipe immediately. _ ' Right, me lord, I'm yourn when it's wild ; cats you talk. An' if Bill wants to go, the . , triumvirate's agreed ; if he don't — — 1 He may sigh .to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days they will end on the . isle of St. Helena.' ' He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, - long-out-of-date song in a most unmusical : voice, and it might have been the melody that made Bill start so suddenly that he overturned the stool on which he sat ; it ; might have been the moonlight that made him pate. Dainty hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they had better start. He could not have told, why he thought Brassy's insinuating . nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of. those peculiar natures that know nameless ' things by intuition. He did not care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling about in the river bottom, trying to scare up ' varmints,' was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, there were few diversions to break the monotony of thesheep-herders'existence, even though there were three of them, and' . they herded their own flocks and rode their own horses, ?'? ? ? It has.been said jocular'ty of sheepherd ing, . 'It takes but three months to turn the:.. strongest. brain.' .,v The saying had a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attri butes of divinity, set down on those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand head of bleating Bheep — sheep are always bleating ; day after day to see the sun rise , . red and sultry, to shine all day through a cloudless, changeless sky on a changcless, . . brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and -. sink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To hear, night after night, the west wind always the -west wind— blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowling coyote, night after night the Bame sounds, day after day the same Bcenes, his companionship the lizzard and the horned-toad — always follow- : ing round and round that thousand head ot bleating sheep. The moon was high up in the sky when they reached tho timber of the river, : which was about threo miles from their camp. ' Boys,' again said Dainty, ' I'm somehow : sorry I asked you to come to-night; I feel like something was going to happen, and. that we ought to get out of here as quick aa we can. 'Oh, gosh, Dainty, yonr feelin's is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'poj# ? could happen I . Think Goaquin Marietta er Three-fingered Jack's a luxuriatin' in the sbadders of the underbrush, scented: . our' money-pockets an' layin fur us, as it were?' Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty Baid no more: of his undefined fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree; and be killed, much to Brassy's dis- ., gust. . ' : Tired out, thoy started home, ?????'.,' . «' Listen', don,t you hear a curious sound !' said Dainty. ' ' ? All of them stopped and listened, but only ; ' for a moment. ' Merciful God I' shouted Brassy, 'run for - your lives, it's tho river overflowed I' ; ? .n-i.-i Tbey sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many. . : stumblings. . ^ ' If we could only got to the slough' fust,' p anted Brassy. The dry bed of tho slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling : down , : with. terrible swiftness upon them. . The :-.i water from the river overtook them.. and. lapped around their feet and up to their , waists. It was useless now to. try to reach the slough, impossible to cross it if they ' 'i could, that crackling muffled roar was too '' 1 near. They were between two floods ; : it was a moment to act without deoiding. With one . accord Bill and Brassy caught : ... Dainty and hoisted him into the forks of a : largo sapling, by the side of which they . ; stopped, and scudded- ug after, him.,,' A;'', minute later they were in the midst of a ' . mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. !Bei- ' | hind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of tha eternal snows ; before them the slough, over : . which they had walked dry-footed three. :ll, hours before, rolled another river, swift- . flowing, muddy, ico-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their ; weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, nnd stiook and shivered to its - . topmost twig when some floating object lodged against it. Highorrose tho flood and swathed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold ' . - — so cold clinging; ond the night so balmy and , warm, nnd the moonlight so Boft nnd so ' ' bcnutiful. ' Partners,' said Brassy, ' I reckon we're- ' ; eucborcd this timo.' . . . : 'Looks like it,' responded Bill, ' and I'm . ? quite willing.' , ' Well, then, you're tho fust man I ever saw that was ready for rain. Courso wo'd hev. to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is a easy death ; but to be urownded ' like a parsel of treed squirrels disagrees with : me. 1 might 'a' knowed these hot days, 't's; cooked tho grass dry enough to make yeast' powders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a flood. Yes, I've lived ulgh the river long . enough to bo a-lookin' out for a thing like ttiis. An' I deserve a soakin' fer bein' soon- . thoughted, but I don't like to be drownded like a miserable squir'l.' (to be continued) 