UNCLE EBEN'S GHOST. "I hope I don't intrude," said the Menagerio Alan. Supper was just ready at Yalley Farm. Savory fried ham, each brown slice topped offby the golden sphere of an.ege, fresh crullers, apple sauce and new bread ; and the family, comfort ahly'seated, 'stared with all their eyes as the tall, gaunt showman came in, bringing a gust of frosty night air witt him. '"St by, stranger, set by," saild Jonathan Crofton; who was a regular Arab in point of hos. pitality, and would have invited Beelzebub himaelf to supperif that much'vilited'personage had chanced to pass by ata meal time. "Take abite !" " Not as I want's to beg." said the Menagerie Man, apologetically. "I l)ays my y where ever I goes. It aint as I'm poor, ladies and gentlemen," with a comprehensive obeisance around the board. "But them taverns does charge so like the Old Harry, and no man likes to be swindled." " Bless me," said Mrs. Crafton, who had risen to get an extra cup and saucer, "if it aint the funny chap as we saw at the cireus, as ran a race with the monkey and cracked peanuts with his head inside the tiger's mouth." "TIhe wery same, ma'am," said the stranger," his grim visazerelaxing into a smile. "Let the ladies alone for fidling out anything, bless their deer hearts ! Yes 'm, I'm the chip. Signor IRecardo Lesiardi, ma'am, at yourservice. Dorn in thO State of Maine, and baptized Azariah Black. And if you hain't no objections to it, ma'am. I'll he glad to lodge hero to-night. We're on the move, ma'am, me and the menagerie. And I've hired Sqoiro Dennison's bhrn to lock up the crecturs in, and we're ralculatin' to jog on to morrow mornin' at three o'clock, so as the farm hands and little boys along the road sha'n't get a gratis view of the wild animals." S"You're welcome, stranger-you're wel come," said Mr. Crofton, regarding his visitor not without a certain awe; for the man who was familiar with tigers, and handled leopards and panthers like so many tame cats, must surely be different from the rest of the human race ; and the Menagerie Mlanote and drank with an appe tite which gratified Mrs. Crofton's housewifely pride in no common degree. " Yours is a queer trade, stranger," the farmer observed, over his after-supper pipe. "It is queer," assented Mr. Lesiardi Black, staring meditatively into the fire. "But then, the whole world is queer, aint it, now I" "Maybe, maybe," grunted Mr. Crofton. "I was brung up a carpenter," said the Menagerie Man; " but somehow me and the hammer couldn't never agree. Then I tried the travelling grocery business, and lost money in it; and then one evening I flipped up a penny whether I should go and drown myself in the canal or go to the cirecus. Tails won, and I knowed that night as I'd discovered the problem of my destiny. I cngagedwith the circus, and I've stuck to it ever since, andnow I'm oss of the whole concern.'" "Make much money at it, eh?" said the farmer. "Bless you, sir-yes. And lone too," saidl the Mlengerie Man," witll a good-humoured shrug of the shoulders. "TThere's downs as well as ips in the world, take it how you will It's the best way to take things easy." "That's just what I always said to my uncle Eben," said Mr. Crofton, with a stentorian sigh. "B Dut e couldn't see it in that light, somehow. He lost a deal of moneyin Western lands, and he cut his throat." " Do tell ! " said the Menagrie alan. "Yeou may have passed the house, a half-mile orno down the glen," sid Mr. Crofton. "An old, onc-story red house with a big chimney stack and a lot of lilock bushes grpwin' at the kitchen door." " And a grove o' pines back on 't," nodded tho Menagerie Man. "Bless your heart, yes, I passed it, and a queer-looking place it was, with the trees a-creekin' and a-groanhin' in the wind, and a strange deg a-howlia' on the doorstep. "It's got a had name through the country side," said Mr. Crofton, dejectedly. "Eh I ' said the Menagerie Man, opening his eyes. "Not-honed ! " "flaunted," nodded Mrs. Crofton. "'Folks does say as the ghost tramps up and down the rooms and looks out o' winder of moony nights. I never seen him myself, but-" " It's all nonsense, Jonathan," interposed his wife, briskly. "There nint nothin' as a pack of fools won't say, if once they gives their mind to it. And Charley Stoker, as married our eldest gal, has leased the house, and is goin' to move in it next week; ghost or no ghost !" "Not with my advice," raid Mr. Crofton, gloomily. " Without it, then," retorted his wire. "And Charles and Jemima they'll be sorry for it, mai k my words," added the farmer. "I don't believe a word of it," said Mrs. Crofton, briskly. " We never had nothing to do with ghosts in our line of business," said the Menagerie Man, thoughtfully. "And I haven't looked into the question much myself. But folks does tell queer stories I" "Our Jemima and her husband always was foollhardy," remarked the farmer. "I advised 'en? to let the haunted heoso alone. 'Don't meddle with the supernatural, children,' says I. But Charley, says he i ' I'll risk the ghosts, father-in-law!' And'Jemima, says she; 'I always was more feared of live folks than dead ones !.' Well, I:only hope they won't repent it,! that's all. Because-" The sentence was yet unfinished on Farmer Crofton's lips, when there was a sound of hurrying footsteps on the threshold without; the door was burst open, and a handsome, dlark eyed girl, with a shawl tied round her head, and a face as pale as ashes, rushed into the room, followed by a stalwart young man of three or four-and-twenty, as breathless as herself. "It's Jemima," said M[rs. Crofton, starting up. "It's Charley Stoker!" cried Mir. Crofton, dropping his pipe on the hearthstone. The Menagerie Man said nothing, but stared as if his whol prrsonality had resolved itself into a pair of eyes. Pretty Jemima threw herself into her mother's arms, and burst into hysteric sobs. * "What is it, my dear i " said IMre. Crofton, soothingly. "Spenk to me !" "Oh mother !"shrieked Jemimn, "it's the ghost I" "The-wc-ie ?" raid Mrs. Crofton. "Oh ! oh I it's Uncle Ebhn's ghost ! Oh ! oh ! oh !" bewailed Jemimn,-" I unlocked the front door and walked right in upon it, sitting by the fireplace just as he used to sit when he was bad with the rheumatism, all wrapped in a shaggy black coaen!" "I never would ha' believed it if Ihadn't seen it with my own eyes," said hr. Stoker, looking blankly at the assembled group. "It's of eo use talking, I shall have to sell the lease of the housl forwhat I get can for it. Jemima will never go there to live, and I wouldn't if she would." "A ghost, chl! " said the Menagerie Mon. "I maw it myself," asserted Mr. Stoker. "Black and shaggy, oh 1" lir. Stoker nodded. "The old man used to wear just sunch a coat in winter weather," said he. "I've see, it a hundred times." "Well," said the MIenagerie Man, slowly, breaking into a smile. "I guess you'd better hold on to your lease, Squire. I'll bet a good many cookeys as you won't be troubled by no ghosts. Decause tho black and shaggy gentle man as give you such a fright was my bear I " "Your--bear I" said Mr. Stoker. "Yes," nodded the Mlenagerio Man. "IIe's quarrelsome, you see, and I can't'never take no comfort if I shut him up with the ollther ieeturs. So arter I'd looked up the othlers in Squire Denni'on'n big stone barn, I just led Bruin along till 1 came to tthis cre place, where I calculated I shouldn't disturb nobody. .And I let him in, peaceable like, at the back door. And if you and this hera young 'ooan wasn't par ticular about shutting the door, I guess I'd betterlook arter him, for. he likes a breath of fresh air, Drnini does, as well as any Christian." SJemima looked at her husbeand. Mr. Stoker burnt into a laugh. Mrs. Crofton joined in it. Ad the fnarmer rubbed his nose with a pnurled "Let'sgo baek and find our lantern, Jemim-," said the young husband. "And '11 go alone, too," said the elder man, who in his secret lheart was rather disappointed that Uncl Ebihon's ghoat had turned out to be al ghost at all. . .Thu Menagerie hiansfoaid Buin carefully investigating a ben roost at no greatdistance, and ehainel him up in an unocctipled stablo belonogn tothe Croftons. - Charley and Jemima r e-lighted their lantern and prosecuted their original inteation of measuring the floor for some homoemnadre rag carpeting, and thcn .they all went back and. spent;the evening at the Cr'fton fnrm-hnuse. - , . An l from that day to this no ghostly sladow has ever crojsed the threshold of pretty Jemima's hom.' And whenithe littlo children tottir up the road to.the old faIrm, acd .sny: "Grand nmamma, tell us .i ghost story," th osit lady relates thel legend of the Mletagere Mnan andhis bsar, to the infinita Eatisfnelion of her small audience. S d "An I gues hat tht's tisort ~ef cloth" that miosn ghost stories ire cit out :of," say 61d rs. 'Cref ion 