A Bishop's Encumbrances. We regret (says the Universe ), as sincerely as any, that Mrs. Barry is seriously ill, and we shall be exceedingly pleased to hear, of her restoration to perfect health. It is also out of all question, that upon this matter, every one of us agrees, and that we should all certainly do so, in the case of a sick woman anywhere. But the illness of Mrs. Barry in volves so much, and has given occasion for the utterance, of such an amount of stupendous folly, and has so exposed the complete naturalness, the thorough worldliness of the Anglican system, and the utter absence from it, of the slightest resemblance to any institution that could possibly have come into existence, from the inspiration of God, that a case other wise most ordinary acquires an import ance, on account of its surroundings and consequences. Mrs. Barry is the wife of Dr. Barry, and Dr. Barry is what is called Arch bishop of Sydney. Now, one of two things — either Dr. Barry really believes that he is a prelate of God's Church, or he does not. But, the latter supposition would involve so much that would be infamous, that we will not put it. We will take it for granted, then, that Dr. Barry thinks that he is a Bishop, with a mission to which the Holy Ghost has appointed him, tbat he has been Divinely chosen for a certain work. If he has not reached such a conclusion, he would be at once the most impudent, and the most impious of impostors. We take it therefore, as settled, that he looks upon himself as set apart by Heaven, for heavenly things. Not only so, but the flock to which he has persuaded himself, that he was Divinely appointed has arrived at the same conclusion. This is how the Australian Record puts it : The flock over which God made him over seer, ay, the whole Church of Christ in the colony, will suffer by his removal. No man could be better fitted for the place . . . . never was there greater need for a strong and capable man, and as such, our Primate has been cordially recognized. How does such a man (on the sup position that he is sincere), reconcile to his conscience, the abandonment of a work set him by God (as he thinks), which is not yet half accomplished, and which will suffer, and possibly fail, on account of his retreating? What sort of a second inspiration has he received, what " voice out of the cloud" has spoken, commanding him away from that, to which it previously directed him ? " Oh, tell in not in Gath," and yet it has been told already, and by no less a person, than by Dr. Barry himself. And he told it in Synod, in full epis copal costume. Imagine St. John Chrysostom, or St. Ambrose, in such a position, and with such a piece of intelligence for his clergy, as that vouchsafed to the parsons of Sydney, by their retiring Ecclesiastical Commissioner. This is what Dr. Barry said, when announcing his intended resignation of his see : The sole and absolute cause of my unwill ing resignation, is the health of Mrs. Barry. My action has nothing whatever, to do with any prospect of appointment in England. From which a Catholic reader con cludes that, whenever an Anglican clergyman, or prelate, accepts a call which (he fancies) he has received from Heaven, it is always with the condition reserved, that the locale of such a call, or the work required in obedience to it, will not in any way, interfere with the health of the gentleman's "better half." We venture to repeat what we have said, on a former occasion-— namely, that although it is quite right, there should be a Mrs. Barry, it is completely and horribly wrong, that her Mr. Barry, should so much as think himself to be not only prelate or primate, but even to be equal in any sense, to the lowliest member of the Church of God. 