-E IOT'ING A GHOST. .:. Aninost'every'town∨ village ha its haunted house, and the settlement of -Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number of Englishofficers and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. The rumour that Captain Beauchamp's house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by amost extraordinary noise. The" door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall of the house- not in one place, but several ,at once, and then he heard a long-drawn' sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed 'to his employer's room, 'and arousled him, vowing that the place was haunted. The notoriety so. cheaply earned be came 'exceedingly-disagreealle. Mat ters stood. in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house.' : As there were anumberof children in the faminily the performers. .wei~ invited into: the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basketf haviniig aid orifice d in the~ top, and seating himnself:near it begari to play a quaint air upon a flute. After' industriously' playisgifor a few momeritssup through the hole in the basket came the, .headof:a cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inclies above the b~lsket it bgan to wave to and fro as if in obedience to 'the measu're 'of the music. After the snake dance-or the snake "chariin "g,"as 'the' Europeans are wont to call it-the; Indian snake charmer walked arouud the hbuse, ai~h among the bushes pointed out a hole whichl might have been made .by a; rabbit. To one of the natives he said he. would' take out a, cobra which, he thoughit was in the hole. Seating him self before the hole tlhe magiciain beganr .is mournful plaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then, from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. The nian examined it a few moments care fully; then begun' to` play uhpooii'the flute. Hardly had thegroup gathered about the performer 'before -a- most' remarkable rioise came fromi the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam;then a sound 'f some" great` :body striking then'wall and "rubbing against 'the timbers. - Dust in: clouds came from the hole, and the "charmer" started back in terror, overturhing'the man behind him.' Recdvering himself, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a larger snake. Astonishi ment was depicted on the native's face and-horror on- those- of -many- of --the spectators, as hestood 'holding the tip of the tail, and five feet of the body was visible., For, a second the man hesitated,'then iegaining his couriige he shouted in Hindustanee for the lookers on to stand' back, and; takinrg a' good7 grip ipon the tailh-he:pilled gr~iually backward. - Out it camel foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen i feet-eighteen, was -there no end ! eighteen feet of quivering: snake-flesh as large-as -a man's thigh-! A- quick jerk and the entire monster: was clear. \--at Ieast' twenty feet in :length-big i enough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single mani. The native was, I however, 'not :in the least discouraged.', He; clhanguto t te tail and as the huge' "1 reptile turned; towards .him with an I angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion I by turning slowly. Gradually he in creased his speed, tuirning faster and 1 faster, until he seemed the 'centre of. a wheel, the spokes of ' which were'the .body of the python.'; So rapid was the i motion-that -the snake's- body was per - fectly straight, and it was evident that I as loig as the motioni 'couldbe kept up the ,man was safe, hiitif rthe monster i could reach him he would in. a moment I be crushed in the horrible folds of the i reptile. It soon became apparent that the charmer knew what he was about i Not ~far from' h the house stood 4' stouit flagstaff a foot, and 'a half through, of 1 solid teakwood, and' towaids this he' was moving, whirling the snake faster and' faster. When 'he was' within twenty-five feet of it, it dawned upon the feir spectators what he was' abdut to do. This was to strike the head of the great reptile against the pole: I1 Nearer he came, wliirling faster< and faster, until thereptile stood out 1 like a whip-lash, and thei;, with a qusicl 1 step forward, lie birought- the 'head of the:animal against the wood with:a E crushing sound. He released his hold, I and..the great reptile. doubled.up. in.. convulsive-folds, digging up the earth and seniiding clouds of dsist'into th? air,: finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there. was' the'" "ghost."-Pki 