THE ROMANCE OF AN OLD BEDSTEAD, Not half a dogen people in the world know the faistDiy of the handsome old carved mahogany bed that stands in the corner of my best room. I am not superstitious, but in all the years I have owned it I have never once slept within it. When I pnt guests there I am always distinctly oonsoious of a feeling of relief when they appear freBh and smiling the next morning and return a negative answer to my inevitable question:—'"Sou were not disturbed by anything ?" Yet I would not part with it for anything in the world. It is like an old friend in whose face I see reflected bits of my own hifitory. My house iB as lonely and quiet as only an old bachelor's quarters can be where few guests ever oome to break the heavy solitude. There are hours and hours when the only sound is Titine, my old quadroon housekeeper, moving about from room to room with- noiBeleBB footstep, or the soft swish of the orange bougbs without rubbing against the window pane. At such times I love to slipup to the quiet room above, and throwing open the shutters so that the light falls full nponit sit down beside the bed and re-live my life. Huge and dark and sombre the bed looms up in its corner like the catafalque of a dead king. The tester, supported on four great poBts almost as big as a man's thigh, nearly touches the ceiling. There are metallic gleams at the corners where great brass screwB are set through plates of brass mortised into the wood. Headboard and footboard are made of two-winged griffins carved out of the Bolid board ; but the curious feature of the whole is that wound round and round each post of the bed, on rail and tester, winding in and out of the fantastio scrolls and arabesques of the head and footboard, is carved a chain, loop upon loop, that ends in a broken link. It is a strange and apparently meaningless design, but to old Titine and to me, carved deep in the wood, bound fast in the links of the ohain, is the history and tragedy of both our lives. Many years ago before I was bora, my aunt from whom I inherited the bed, married a gay young fellow, handsome, frivolous, fond of all beautiful things, a dilUttante in music and painting and wood-carving. Among the slaves who were part of my aunt's dowry was a man, a quadroon, who had been apprenticed to a cabinetmaker and who had great talent for wood-oarving. Into souls bowed down by slavery God sometimes breathes the fire ot genius. They were untaught, but it burst forth in paeons of aong, such jubilation and decpair, such joy ana sorrow as might have thrilled even senseless clay, or else the thought that could not clothe itself in wordB was wrought out in poems in iron, or carved into dreams in wood. It wasBO with this man, Pierre. His was one of the souls that chafed in slavery. He had thoughts that burned for utterance behind dumb lips, and into his works he threw the voiceless passion and yearnings of his life. One day his* master lingering beside his bench and watching his subtle skill, suddenly exclaimed :— " Pierre, carve me a bed li&e; no other bed in the world, and I will give you your freedom." " Truly ?" he asked, huskily. " Foi de gentilhomme," replied the master, carelesEly, as he went out humming the "Ab, Che la Morte," from " H Trovatore." That night Pierre began his task with his brain afire with the inspiration of freedom. Day by day he worked into, the wood that seemed a sentient thing under his touch, all the passion and dreams of his life, and almost insensibly there grew loop upon loop, the chain so long borne, so soon to be broken. Titine was his wife, and together they planned how he, once freed, would make the money to buy her from her master. On the bayou they would build a little cibin, and there might be borne to them children—not slaves, just heaven! but freemen. Ah, God! those days and nights of dreaming! Finally the bed was completed, the master came and marvelled at its workmanship, all artistic New Orleans raved over it for a week, and then Pierre demanded its price—his freedom. His master looked at him, and gave his slow, low, well-bred laugh. " My good Pierre, it was but a je3t. Am I likely to part with such a valuable possession," he cried. "No, no," and he turned toward the door, oneasy at the light that leapt into Pierre's eyes—the tawny savage light like the gleam in a panther's eyes as it makes ready to spring. "Stay!" the word rang ont like a command. f he slave, standing erect, statuesque, rigid, arraigned his master. Every muscle of the black figure was tense with passion, his hand unconsciously still grasped the long shining knife he had ussd in his work. " You break your oath ? You deny me my freedom ? You lied to me ? I curse you and yours now and for 6ver, with death ! death ! death!" he cried, and he drove the knife up to its hilt in his heart. In his death the propheoy of the cirved chain came true; he had broken it at last AB I eit in the gathering dusk, remembering all these things, it seems but yesterday that with curious, childish fingers I followed the earved loops in their intricate windings, and I see the bed, as 1 knew it .first, in a dim old room in the Creole quarter of New Orleans. A poor little orphaned ohild, I was sent to my aunt in her stately old house where the doors opened on a oourt gay with fiowers,but where the doors and windows were jealously barred and the door swung open to no guest save the priest Titine met me at the door, and took me,. frightened and grief-siok, to my aunt's chamber, where' smitten by some malady, I know not what, ehe lay in the great carved bed. The room was half in shadow. Coming in from the tropical day without, I could see nothing save a silver crucifix on the wall, and then, as my eyes beoame accustomed to the darkness, it seemed to me the carved chain raised itself -from the bed, caught and imprisoned me. It must have been my nerves were overwrought, for, with a wild cry, " The chain! the' chain!"' I fell senseless on the floor. Titine took me np in her Btrong arms and bore me from the room, and soothed and comforted me in the soft patois the negroes speak to Creole ohildren. But in the night, when still haunted by the terror of the day, I crept to her bed, she drew the crucifix from her breast, and I heard her murmur below her breath— "Jesus, let not the curse fall on him!" In the quiet 'house, where I learned to move as noiselessly as a shadow, a strange friendship eprang up between the old negress and myself. ' She served my aunt faithfully, bat I knew intuitively ehe bated her mistress with all the force of her half-savage natare. She made strange incantations above the unconscious sick woman, and in some vajue way was like a prophetess of evil, bat I think what little love ehe had she gave to me. Sometimes, not often, she would speak to me of her husband, always abruptly, as if the words were forced from her." " I eaw the dead last night," she would say with trembling lips. "My husband, that they took from me cold and dead, with the blood red, red from the little cut above his heart Yon would cot think one could die BO easily—«h, mora beebe? Just a little cat like a child might have made at play. Ob, bnt he had the courage, mon Pierre." We lived so quietly in the gloomy old houee we never counted the time. Masters came and_went, giving me the education my aunt considered my due, but the years went by so monotonously I scarcely knew I had reached manhood nntil Felicie came. She was my aunt's granddaughter, orphaned like myself, and, like myself, thrown on my aunt's -protection as the only hntnan being on whom she had any claim. Her mother had made a mesalliance that was never forgiven, bnt when Felicie oame with her mother's dying prayer' for forgiveness, madame could not refuse her the shelter of her roof. It was but natural that Felicie and I should love each other, thrown together as we were in the dim old house where we were the only young creatures. Ah, but we lived in a fool's paradise! We made the sombre old rooms radiant with onr love and happinesB. We loved as the birds and flowers may, with a full sense of completeness and oblivion of the future. In all the world there was only us two, and our love bounded time and eternity. Nobody notiosd us but old Titine, bnt in her eyes there was always the shadow of a fearful warning. "It cannot be, mes enfants," she would say. "Madame will not hear of it. This wall," striking her hand against the Eton", " is not- more hard, more cold, more heaitles«." We would not believe her. When did hope ever take counsel of deBpair ? when did love learn the subtle penetration of hate, or youth listen to age ? The end came sharp and swift as a dagger thrust. Oaa day Madame sent for Felicie and presented her to her fiancee, an old man, ugly and bant, but with the wealth of a Crcesas. It was in vain that we told her of our love, that Felicie wept, that I implored. " Bah, the love of children!" she cried, Bccrcfully. Felicie must do as she said or she would train her out of doors, as she had done hor mother before her. She was inexorable, acd we were so young, so helpless, so ignorant, such puppets in the hands of fate. One day when we knelt hand in h&^d by the old carved bed in which Midame l*y deaf to all our prayere, Titine came e-vifily forward from behind the heavy oartiics. She towered above the sick woman like a dutby sibyl. "LUten to them." she cried. "You remember what my man said when yoa lied to him about tbie," touching the heavy. carved chain. "It was death to you and yours. I can raise the curse " My aunt laughed ehrilly. "Ab, these mulatress," she exclaimed, " but they have the impudence ! Woman, what do I care for your ourses or your prayers ? The oharms of a voudou witch 1" At last the day for the wedding arrived. Felicie came to me dressed ail in whiteness, Uke a tall lily. She slipped her hand in mine. "Come," she said, "I would make my reverence to Bonne Mamma." Her eyes were shining with the strange, bright light I had seen and feared before ; her hand was hot and feveiish. "My poor Ftlicie," I said, " you are ill." " I shall soon be well," she replied. Half-way np the steps she stopped and turned towards me. "Death is short," she said, "but life is long." When we reached Madame's room Felicie went over to the great carved bed and bent above the Bick woman. " Bonne Mamma," she cried, "I give myself to my bridegroom." And before a hand conld be raised to stay her mad deed, she had thrust a dagger into ber heart and fallen dead across the bed. Madame never rallied from the shock, and when I inherited as next of kin all of her possessions I only kept the exeat carved bed, and old Titine and I left the house where we were ever haunted by the ghosts of that unhappy past.—ELIZABETH M. GILMEE, in New Orleans Picayune, 