general news. It lias been notified to the Speaker of the House of Commons that the Queen desires to possess the photographs and autographs of all the members who sat in the House of Commons during the year of her Jubilee. Four new States were added to the Americai} Union on Independence Pfay— Washington, North Dakota, South DaVpta, and Montana—and i» recognition of the fact four new stars havo been added to tjie flag of the nation. The national ensign there= fore now consists of forty-two stars and thirteen stripes. The officials of the Society of the Knights of Labour in New York have, it is stated, sent a charter to an assembly organised in France. Intelligence lias been received at Rome from from the east c.past of Africa that the Sultan of Oppia has ceded his sovereign rights tr? Italy. A Portsmouth correspondent >yrites " In order to test tJ)o quality of the bayonets now being served out to the fcrpops, a number of weapons were indisci'iruriately selected from among those in ups by the Inniskillen Fusiliers, and some some sen sation was occasioned in the garrison when the report from the testing experts in Lon don was received notifying that 60 per cent, of the bayonets we totally unfit for use." The Glasgow steamer Colina, bound from the Clyde to Qubec; arrived at the latter port on the 1st inst., and reported having passed no fewer than h hundred icebergs. Some of the bergs wore of an unusually large size. All of them wore passed just outside the Straits of Belle Isle. The cargo steamer | Fremona, from Shields, reported on arrival at Quebec that she had passed ice-bergs for no less a distance than 200 miles. This was to the east of l?e!le Isle. Mr. Justice Chili;' has granted an in junction at the instance of U;c Blersey Har bour Board against the ftjanihester Ship Canal Company, restraining them from .con structing their works in a way not provided by the Act or from diminishing the supply of water in the estuaryof the rivers by such' works. BRAVERY at the Zoo.—A lady writes to the Daily Telegraph :—While the wolves at the Zoological gardens were being fed on Saturday afternoon one of them leaped over the head of the keeper Sapcl escaped into the gardens. There were severs] children near at hand, and but for the braveny qf the keeper they could scarcely have escaped in jury. This man instantly seized the an:mal, and although his hands were terribly bitten oqe hand, indeed, being pierced through with [the wolf's; fangs—lie succeeded in mastering tlui fcgflst and returning it to its cage. Bengal Sujeestition,— A carious light is thrown on the rural life of Bengal by the contents of a paper reprinted lately in the annual report of the Bombay Anthropolo gical Society, From this paper we are told the following among other things. Shouting the name of the king of birds (G.iruda) drives away snakes. Shouting Ram, Ram, drives away ghosts. Cholera that attacks on Monday or Saturday ends fatally, but not cholera that attacks 011 Thursday. The flowering of bam boos augurs fainino. In fanning, if tho fan strikes tjje body it should be thrice knocked against the grojnul. When giving alms the giver and receiver should not be standing on different sides of the threshold. It is bad to I pick ojio'a teeth with one's nails. If a snake ! is killed, it should bo burned, fgv it is ;v Brahman. At night the words "snake" and " tiger" should not bo used; call them cree pers and insects. Do not wako up ft sleeping physician. A morning dream always comes :o pass. Devotion without head-gear is wrong, froi. is a charm against ghosts. A black cat vitli a whits face is verj- auspicious. 