mopzHst. The Midnight Prophecy on the HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By Emma Garrison Jones. m CHAPTER LXVII. "i will save you." "I climbed the gory vulture's nest. And found the trembling dove within." The voice of Mother Gwynneth aroused her from a deep sleep, the sleep of utter exhaustion. She started up with a thrill of terror. The sun was shining in at the window, and the old woman was placing the tray containing her breakfast on the table. " Ye slumber late, my lassie," she re marked, as Maggie sprang up, all dressed as 6he had thrown herself down ; " ye must a keep bad hours last night ; see r- pointed to the empty candlestick — " yer candles burut out." '' I like to burn my light all night in this ghostly place," replied Maggie, quietly, hut thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothes or some disarrange ment about the room should betray her ; "and I got to rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pass away the time — 'tis awfully dull shut up in this way, my good woman." " Weel, weel," responded the old woman, her eyes gleaming wickedly, " 'twas yer own stubborn will .ib brung ye here ; why diuua ye marry the young laird at once ?" " Because I was foolish, I dare say," said Maggie, obeying a sudden determin ation to pretend she was being conquered in order to ward off suspicion ; " but Lord Angus should have been patient and not whisked me off and shut me up like a prisoner. I can't forgive him." " Yes, ye can," coaxed Mother Gwyn neth. " Why he done it all fur love of ye, and he be a braw young laird as any lassie need be proud to win. Ye'll for- gie him an' meet him wi' a kiss when he gets back from Lunnon, won't ye now?" Maggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. " When does he come ?" she asked. " To-morrow, mebbe ; he thought to be gone a week, but Berkit came last night an' says he'll be back sooner — so ye may be lookin' yer puttiest. Coom, here's yer breakfast al! hot now ; sit ye down an' eat, an' don't fret any more ; I shall be busy to-day, since the young laird cooms to-morrow." She left the room, locking it after her, and Maggie heard her go shuffling down the great stairway with the blood-hound whining at her heels. He followed the old creature wherever she went. To-morrow ! Lord Angus coming back to-morrow! Oh, what should she do? How should she escape ? She sat for a long time in deep thought. There seemed to be no hope, and she came to her decision in silent calmness. If the worst came she would slip# through the aperture, replace the sliding panel, and lie down in the awful gloom somewhere below and die. They would never find her for it was evident they knew nothing of the Becret pas sage. But it would be a dreadful end to life and her old father mourning over her loss. . And the Eirl of Strathspey ! At thought of him she started iip. The re membrance of his white face and hungry eyes thr lied her with new hope. She crossed over to the table. The breakfast was very tempting and she was weak and hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of the broiled bacon, and swallowed a mouth ful of tea; the remainder she reserved for the poor sufferer below. But dare she attempt to mrke the descent by daylight ? What if some one should enter her room and find the panel open, the secret stair way revealed ? But she could not bear to let the earl famish throughout the long, Ion" dav. She resolved to risk it. Taking the food in her apron as before she removed the panel and hurried down. When she reached the vault she was breathless. The peer, reclining on his bed of stone, heard her coming and arose to meet her, his white face eager and smiling. It had seemed an eternity since she left him. She spread her breakfast before him and invited him to partake of it. "But, my little friend," he said, gravely, his eyes turning with wis tfullong- ing toward the food, in spite of his will, " I cannot prolong my life at the cost of yours— you bring me your food while you ate starving !" " Oh, no," she cried. "Ho, indeed. I have eaten some, and I shall have more t noon — please eat it, and try to get your rw will imd it all. And I ' must leave you again this moment. I will come again; in the meantime, remain quiet, and do not despair. The darkest hour is just before the dawn." She fi d away as she had come, with noiseless steps, up the spiral stairs, and back to her prison. The moruing wore away. Noon came, and a hot September sun blazed down upon the hoary battlemcntB; the long, long afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at last, at last the silent night. Maggie threw aside the old volume she had been trying in vain oread, and went to the window with a sigh of relief. The day had seemed so endless, and she had longed for the night with a vague hope. A groundless hope, alas, for there was not the most remote possibility of escape. Yet she longed with feverish im patience for the darkness, and welcomed it now, and watched the great white stars, flushing out in the far-off sky, with tear- dim med eyes. Her keeper came up with her supper and a xittle morsel of candle that would not last through half the night. " I won't have ye watching the night through, an' makin' a ghost o' yersel," she said ; " go to bed like a gude lassie ; yer braw young sweetheart will be here to-morrow." Maggie shuddered and sat down by the casement, that foolish, vague hope still tormenting her. She reserved her suppei for the earl, intending to take it do w n to him by and by. Slowly the hours went by, and she sat there counting her own heart-beats. She could bear the fir trees moaning in the September winds, and the sea beating 011 the sands below, and at last, after weary, weary waiting, she heard that for which she had hoped with such feverish unrest. The sweet flute-notes set to the music of the dear old song, " The Camp bells are coming." Assured now that it was intended as a signal to herself, she arose, in a tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of candle. Then she made her way out, and started np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience winged her feet, and she made the long and tiresome ascent very speedily. A s'out wind was blowing when she; reached the tower-chamber, and she hurried her candle into a sheltered corner lest it should be blown out. Then she tore a strip from her apron, and twisting it into a wisp, lit it at the blaze, and hastening to the window threw it out as before. The wind caught it and whirled it away, like a flaming pennon in the dark ness, and swift as thought, from below, came the dulcet numbers of "Highland Mary." Maggie knew that she was answered. A delicious thrill stirred her heart, and a bright bloom suffused her waxen cheeks as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She could see a man's figure crossing the barren heath below, and raising ar arm, ever and anon, with a warning gesture. She watched the dark, tall figure with fascinated eyes. It aDprouched the base of the ruins with rapid steps, and then she lost sight of it. Still she did not re move her fascinated gaze, but continued to lean over the stone sill, her eyes strained down into the shadowy depths below. Ten minutes passed in dead silence ! Then, all at once, a strain of exquisite melody broke on her ear. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from some near point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, and sh" drew back half in terror. Ten minutes more ! The great owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaued far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man's head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips. It was instantaneously answered. " Be quiet," spoke a clear, firm voice, a voice that inspired her with confidence and courage ; " do not fear ; I am coming to help you." " Come on !" she responded, still look ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shake and rustle, the panting respirations came nearer, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view — a handsome, blonde head, and a pair of shining, resolute blue eyes. Their owner was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the " Border "Watch- tower" by aid of the ivy vines that covered it. He came up cautiously, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding a foothold against the rugged masonry. Maggie . grew sick and faint as she watched him, but he smiled up into her white face, as it hung over him in the silvery moonlight ; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with perspiration, and almost gasping from his great exertion, his close- fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, his handsome face flushed, his blonde curls all in a tumble ; yet Maggie kuew him in an instant. He was the young stranger who had drawn her from under the horse's feet at the "Lion and the Unicorn," and to whom she appealed for help when Lord Angus forced her away. Her eyes brightened, and a lovely color rose to her cheeks. She exteuded her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. " I remember you," she said, simply ; " and you have risked your life to come to me ?" The young man bowed, and took the cold little fingers in his own shapely hand. "No, not quite that," he replied. " 'Twas a close thing, I'll admit, but I've a talent for climbing, and the ivy is strong and safe ; my life was in no danger. But I'm glad you remember me," he added, with a flashing glance, "because I've never forgotten you for one single moment ; sleeping or waking, your face has haunted me. I knew you were not mad, as they asserted, and I determined to save you. I followed the carriage that bore you away that night, and saw you conveyed into this place ; aud finding no oilier mode of entrance, you see, 'I've climbed the gory vulture's nest.' And now, what can I do for you ?" " Help me to escape," replied Maggie, promptly. "If I remain till to-morrow, a fate worse than death will be mine." He considered a moment, his handsome face turned toward the setting moon. "First, tell me," he t> " how you ever managed if a» I infer, yon bar soner. You surely did not ascend by the secret stairway ?" " Yes, I did," Maggie replied. " I dis covered it by chance, and came up here attracted by the sound of your flute ; but I fancied no one knew that such a stair way existed." The young man smiled, showing his handsome white teeth. ' ' You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled upon it by chance, like yourself, when this old place was unoccupied aud I was here on an investigating tour ; but I can't well believe that you had the courage to ascend it." "I did," said Maggie, "i would go through the gates of death, I think, to make my escape." He flushed another glance upon her from his bright blue eyes. " Come, then," lie said ; " we have 110 time to lose, and there is but one way. The doors and gates are barred ana bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood-hound are playing sentinel. We must go down by the ivy." Maggie started in surprise, and grew a shade paler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. "There's no danger," replied the stranger, encouragingly ; "if you will only trust me, I will save you. Come !" He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. " Now you'll have to cling to me with all 5 our strength — here, this way, so that I can use my hands in descending, and do not fear ; you look like a brave girl. " She permitted him to clasp her close, while she twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. He was just on the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry ! " Oil, I had forgotten !" she exclaimed ; " how utterly sellisli I am in my eager ness te save myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle — away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Sirath- f-pev lies clyiiiLr. We must save him — 1 won't leave liim behind." The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in his eyes. " What do you say ?" he cried ; " the E irl of Strathspey a prisoner here ?" " Yes — his own son, or the boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent me down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him. " "And why should this boy lure his father here, and leave him to die ?" ques tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. " The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, aud talks of renouncing him. and the young man wants to murder him, and secure the earldom. " For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, ch ar- cut face. " Well." he ejaculated at last, "of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated here by his son aud heir. I can scarcely believe it." "It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly ; "and he will die — he looks like death now — and I have carried him no food since mornuig. Oh, sir, can't you help me ?" "Of course I will — I'll rouse the officers of the law, and ransack this old ghost- nest from top to bottom " " But every moment is precious," inter posed Maggie ; " the young Lord Angus, as lie is called, falsely enough too, for I have the proof that he is no son of the earl." ' What, you have the proof ?"_ 'Yes — I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flan nel mantle worn by that poor little babe that was found, on the Tyrol mountain — the written proof that " " Hist !" cried the young man, catching at her arm, " there's a carriage below — put out your candle, quick !" Maggie darted across to the corner in which the candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turned to the window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehicle containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second they paused at the great- gate, and one of them I aped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie had a fair view of the other as he sat in the white moonlight. "Oh, heavens!" she whispered, her cheeks paling with terror, "it is Lord Angus, the earl's son ; we are lost?" " Nay," replied the stranger, " not lost yet. See, they have entered — Mother Gwynneth'b blood-liound bids them wel come. Come !" He clasped her firmly with one arm and approached the window. " But the earl ?" gasped Maggie, shiver ing with terror, as she heard the fierce baying of the beast below. % " I'll save him," replied the young man, quietly; "but you must be got into a safe place first. Come — the moments are precious." And clasping her once more, he leaped lightly through the window and swung himself out. CHAPTER LXVILI. jche hekmit's cave. "Now cling to me with all your might," he said, gently, "and don't look down ; keep your eyes on the moon. Poor little dove, do not tremble so ; I'll not let you fall." He swung himself out, holding on to the window- sill, and Maggie clasped him close with h r lithe, young arms, her wide, brown eyes fixed upon the white Septem ber moon, dropping slowly out of sight behind the Scottish hills. Down he went, swinging himself from one twisting vine to another, never for one moment loo.-en- ing his firm clasp. Maggie could feel his heart throbbing with great bounds, and hear him breathing in gasps, so tremend ous was his exertion. High fellowship begets love, it is .-aid, and I think the old doctor's fair daughter verified the old saying, in her hazardous descent that night. If she did not love this brave young stranger, who held her so firmly in his arms, and risked his life for her sake, with every breath he drew, her heart was filled with a boundless gratitude. Down aud down, from one gnarled vine to an other, pa9t the hoary battlements, past the mulhoned windows, now suspended in mid-air, anon sliding down the rugged rock, deceived by a treacherous hold, but safe at last. Maggie's feet touched the crisp, brown of the blighted heath, at the base of est tower ; her brave knight relaxed I his firm clasp, reeled for a moment, pant ing and gnsping for breath, and then stood 1 nobly e 'eot. ' Oh, what shall I ever do to repay you ?" began Maggie, in her gratitude, but he cut her short. "Hush,"' he said, grasping her hand ; " we 3hall have the blood-hound at our heels. Cotue !" He hurried her across the heath, round the skirt of the fir thicket, and under the base of the mountain, toward the cavern known as the " Hermit's Cave." The entrance was n lescribably gloomy in the fitful light of cue setting moon ; a gnat, yawning chasm opening under a rocky roof, curtained by black fir-branches and rank growing vines. He smiled down upon her as they neared this dismal entrance, something unutterably tender and reassuring in his bright, resolute eyes. " Don't be afraid, little one," he said, kindly ; " you have been very brave to night. We arc safe now — a friend of mine lives in this gloomy cave — a good and wise old man, whose hospitality we must share "o-night. You can trust me, can you not ?" " I can trust you," said Maggie, quietly. He led her on through a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and damp, which led at last into a wide, reverberating cavern. Away at the remote end a taper glimmered, and as they drew near, Maggie perceived a little square compartment, formed in a turn of the cavern, fitted up as a human dwelling. At their approach an old man, wearing the garb of an ancient monk, with a black cowl on his head, aud a white, flowing beard, appeared in the entrance. "Who comes?" he demanded, his voice awakening a thousand sepulchral echoes. "A friend," responded the young man. At the sound of his voice the hermit advanced to meet them. ' You are welcome, my son," he said ; then his eye tailing on Maggie, who clung to her deliverer's arm half in terror, he added, " You have succeeded, I see — come, my child," extending his hand to her, "the hermit bids you welcome." He led her into hiB rude little temple, and seated her on the bench before the wood lire that blazed in one corner. "Y.>u are white and cold" he said, turning to a small table, and pouring some wine from a flask, "drink this, it will do you good." Maggie obeyed, and felt the rare old vintage tingling through her chilled veins, and bringing a glow to her cheeks. " And you, my son," continued the her mit, turning to the young man, "look worn out — a drop will renew your strength." But the young man shook his head. " No wine for me," he said, smiling, " but a glass of cold water, if you please — and five minutes to breathe in, then I must leave this young lady in your care, and be off again — the Earl of Strathspey is a prisoner in the old donjon." The hermit turned in amazement. "The Earl of Strathspey a prisoner? How can that be ?" "The man who bears his name, who has been reared as his son, has confined him there to die. " And wherefore ?" " To secure the earldom — the earl doubted that he svas in truth his son, and talked of renouncing him." For a minute the two looked into each other's eyes, and then the hermit laid his hand upon the young man's shoulder. "I see!" he answered, solemnly; " Romulus, my son, Heaven's justice may be slow, but it is sure /" The young man sat silent an instant, and then he arose. " I must not delay," he said ; " every moment tells, and the earl must be rescued this night." " Why not call out the proper authori ties, and have the ruins searched ?" sug gested the hermit, "That would take time in this wilder ness," replied the other, " and the earl's enemies would be pretty sure to murder iiim while a pair of officers are pounding at the gates. No ; I'll try it myself. I've climbed the tower twice to-night, and I'll make the third attempt. I can get on better without help than with it." Hu started down the cavern, and then turned back abruptly. "If anything should befall me," lie said, coolly, " and I don't return, you will see that this young lady is restored to her friends ?" "I will," replied the hermit. "But, my son, do not rashly throw away your life. " "I shall save the earl, and myself too, if possible," was his quiet answer. " I think I'm a match for Mother Gwynneth and all her emissaries, the blood-liound included." He look a short knife from a crevice overhead, and put it in his belt as he spoke. Maggie watched him, with whitening cheeks, her very heart sinking within her. She arose, and extended her hand. " You risked your life to save me," she faltered, "and. I have not even thanked you— and now — — " " My success in saving is ample re ward," he replied,, taking her trem bling hand, and - xetainiug it in liis firm clasp. " You-are not afraid to re main here?" he added. " Why do you tremble so ?" "Not afraid — oh, no, not for myself — but for your safety," she murmured, dropping her eyes shyly beneath his gaze. A suddeu light flashed over her hand some face, and he raised the little hand he held to his lips, with grave reverence. "Do not fear," he replied, gently ; " I shall come to no harm. Farewell !" He turned again to go, but looked back, struck with a sudden remembrance. "You said you had proof' ' he said, " that this man who bears the earl's name is not his son. May I ask what proof ?" Maggie resumed her seat, and, with a deprecating glance, and a movement of exquisite grace and modesty, removed the boot from her dainty foot, and extracted the yellow paper from its hiding place be neath the lining. " I put it there for safe keeping," she explained, as she handed it to the young man. " I had only found it when I was drugged and forced from home." He ran it over with his keen blue eyes, a hot flush mounting to his cheeks. Then he passed it to the hermit. " Little girl," he said, turning again to Maggie, " I think there is some power, higher and more divine than mere chance, at work for us all to-night. You will think so to, by and by. Gocd-bye." And, with a bow and smile, he dis appeared, and Maggie was left alone in the hermit's cave. To be continued. 