TTI bMAN WITHI THE BIROKEN A GHOST STORY. The following story by the Heon. Stephen Coleridge appears in a lato number of The IJ' e,,rurr'., World: "Thoýghtt I, as the wind wailed without and the clock kept up its pitilca relptition, truly it is u fearful night for a nmru to die in, and the de:thrs of ien are as different as their lives. I was startled from my thoughts by some one ringing aln imporou summons at my door. There wis a lull hi the storm when I opened it. A manu was there under the portico, who at once addresaed me: ' Are you a surgeon ?' I replied that I was; ihe stpltned in, and I closed the door after him, anrd ledlm into the library. ' I wish you,' hoe said, throwing off his loose cloak with one hand, to doctor my arm.' I now caw that his left arm had nothing upon it but the shirt sleeve, and hung at his side, obviously brokeni; the rest of his person was dressed in sombre garments indiastengliohlhlo from the books against which he stood, and in the dini light only a white arm, and, if pol siblo, whiter face were visible. I took the lamp and brought it to the string-course of the brok. caue closo to him, and rolling up tholcevofound the nar hbroken a few inches above the wrist. After a careful examination I explained that it had better bo set at once, to which lie merely replied, ' Very good,' and for half anll hour nothing wee said on either side as I went at my tnr.ik with professiolal promptitude. When all was completed, the ann fixed immovable, and the cloak tllrown over him once more, he massed into the haull, I opened the door and said, ' It will repuiro looking art,' referring to Ids arm; 'lwhen will you come ngain?' 'I will corme iaunin.' Ihe replied, ' when our friend is buried.' ' What frieund?' I ginped. The light over my door illumined the iunovable white features; tile lips noven stirred, but the eyes looked at me and said, ' Its whom you had left when I ine.' ' In the name of God,' said I, 'who and what are you?' T'he strunlger made no inewer, but, throwing his cloak over his mouth, strode away into the dartoress! .. . hen I roached the house I found that death had been there before rme; roy friend lihd breathed his last about half alr hour after I had left him. I asked whether he had been conscious at all before the end, and those about him replied that lie had talked with emphasis about some matter they could not undlerstnnd, and that he had frequently men tioned some gauntlet about which, as far as they could comprelhend, lie seemed in great dis. tress. This I attributed at the time to delirium. ret ngito llook at thre pecefiel face I riages started from my friend's house to the cemetery. Chill and cold seemed the chapel as we rose to follow the coffin to the grave, while the white bare walls echoed again to the horrid trump and scuffle of those who bent under their ghaleaey burnhm. As we passed out a fliuro ;stopped from'the side of the portico and joined the slow procession; in an instant I rocog{ised the stranger swhoso arm I had set; he lbowed gravely to me, nd .I returned his salutation. \Vhenl we reached the grave he took up a position opposite to myself, and I had leslaur to ombserve, n spite of the ample cloak he woro, that heo carried a parcel of some sizo in his -right hand. When all was over, one by one the others departed till the stranger and myself were loft gazing down in silence upon the coffin. IHe canme slowly round and stood by my side, but as I remained motionless and silent, he at last addressed sr e. 'I wish,' he said to accompany you to your housoe; have you your carriageY' I replied that it was waiting for me at the chapel, and we moved away together in that directign. It was dusk when we reached the carrisge and got In. . . At my house door Swould hlave bid lhin begone ut God's name, but that a nameless fear of him prevented me. Coldly I invited him to enter, and we passed together into the house. In the library, at his request, I examined his arm rond did what wan necessary to it. When I had finished this task I asked hIm as politely as I could whether he had any further business with me, to which he replied that he would ask thie single favour of me, that inasmuch as he was leaving the country that night, it would be a kindness to him were I to take charge of a certain parcel, which perhaps I had seen he eerried, until his return. I replied that I should have no lea octiou; and, saying he had left it in the hall, ,ho west out. Ihile he was gone I turned with my back to the room, and stirred up the firel The noise I made in doing this prevented m} Ihearing lds footstops as he returned. I was ekoosping over the fire with my back to him, when Ihberd his voice behind me say ' Hero it i itis is a gauntlet, for which I shall come to you agedi.' This mention of a auntlet brought someo unformed recollection Into my indnl a I turned round to take it. When I faced himi I saw a sight to freeze the blood I The luan was holding out towards me the paIcel he had carried at the grave-side but -with his broken arm I! I put out muy hand in dumb horror to take it. I felt a suddon immense weight that my one hand could not support, and the bundlo fell upon the floor be tween us with a ernsh. Iglanced down at it for a bare moment, looked up, and found myself alono ! I staggored round, catught eight of my features livid in the mirror over the fire, and know no more till hours later my servants found meo stretcheil at full length upon the heorthrug, slowly recovering from a deep trance. Before doinlg anytlhing else, I sont everyone away, and oxiasninexl the bundle tlhat still lay upon the floor of my room. It proved to coUtasn, as he had said, Ian iron gasuntlot, bult one of such oaormous prolortions tihat it was impossiblo to conceive u a human hand gigantic eonough to wear it. I remember that there was ian tnused cUle)oard isn the w,sll hlbind the hostd " of my own hdl tupttairs, where it might lie for oror in perfect safety. I ?ecoemuled ,to my bedl. rmes, pulled out the leel, locked the great geustlet lnto the cuphoard, and put the key on to my hunoh. Timeo went on, and seasons pl ued awny, till what I have recorded was ftlilng from ily memory, when on the Psamo day of the year, soven yeurn later, after a terrible day's work eit the hlodside of sulrering, I reached my house after midnlght, spent and weary. I gave the coachmen instructions for the morning, and thtn, ao he drove away, turned to open the door. Ulon the stps,'tho light oler the door futlling upon his ashy features, stood a man whom I instantly rocogntled. I stood where I was il silence. "I have conme,' he eidl quietly, ' for that gauntlet;' antd I said nothing, but opened the door and led him, its I hal done on the s me last day of the year, seven years before, into my library. There stood the lhup as lmfore it had stood, the clock pointedl to the very hour end minute aet which) it htul pointed beforo, and the interval of timo sossensl to have vanuised at a stroke. ' To.night,' thought I as I rang the bell loud aned losg ,' to-eight I will not be alone.' ' I will fetch it,' I said to to the trungor, and going out, locked the study dlor behlind me, and waitedl in the hall for my servant. In a few moments he came hurryingup. ' Now' saidI, 'stay you at this door and soe that the man I have locked in there does not come out.' I mountel to my bedroom and pulled out the bed from the wall, exposing the door of the cupboard. I.took the candle and put it on the Inl where it would throw its light into the place whe.m opened. unlocked the door, and looked in. It was asmolutely emptyl With a cry I lied downsteaire, and ha}rdly cnowlng whet I did, called on my servant as he valued hiis ife notto lot the man escapie, turnsed the key, eand burst into the library. There was no one there! Shutters barred-door loeked--lamp quletlyburning-the room-empty! 'You look ill, ir,' aid my servant. 'Ay,' I answered, I am.' I loft the house next day never to return. But one windy night, not long ago, driving pant it, there, on the doorstop undler the flickering light, I saw the stranger wrappell in his cloak. Ah, ah !' said I to myself, laughing, ' tihey will want another tenant there soon.' As we 1nuse on down the street I liftel the flap ohleid me nl the hick of Uthe carringo to take sneothor look at the figure under the lamp, and seaw, flat againt ths glass, close anerit my own, that terrihle faco white and fixed !" 