THE DAY WILL COME. By M. E. BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audrey's Secret," "Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Uslike," "The Fatal Three," lee., Sc. CHAPTER IV. Who will dare To pluck thee from me ? And of thine own will. Full well I feel thou weuldst not leave me. The sunshine of a summer morning, stream ing in through mullioned windows that lookod due south,- raised Juanita's spirits and dispersed her fearu. It was impossible to feel depressed undor such a sky. She bad been wakeful for a considerable part of tha niglit, brooding upon tbat ghostly footstep which bad sont such a sudden chill to her warm young heart, but that broad clear light of morning brought com mon sense. "I daresay it was only somo love-sick house maid, roaming about after all the others had gone to bed, in ordor to have a quiet think about ber sweetheart, and what he said to her last Sunday as they went homo from church. I know how I usod to walk about with no com pany but my thoughts of you, Godfrey, and how sweet it used to bo ' to go ovor all your dearest words — over and ovor again — and no doubt tlio heart of a housemaid is worked by just the same machinery that sets mine going — and her thoughts would follow tbe same track." "That ia wbat wo arc taugbt to believe, dearest, in this enlightened age." " Why should it be a ghost ?" pursued J uanita, leaning back in her bamboo chair, and lazily enjoying tho summer morning, somewhat languid after a sleepless night. They were breakfasting at tho western end of tho terrace, with an awning over their heads, and a couple of footmen travelling to and from the house in attendance upon them, and keep ing respectfully out of earshot between whiles. The table was heaped with roses, and the waxen chalices of a great magnolia on the lower lovel Bhowed above tbe marble balustrade, and shod an almost overpowering perfume on the warm air. "Why should a ghozt come now?" she asked, harping upon lior morbid fnuoies.- "There has nover been the hint of a ghost in all the years that father arid mother havo lived liore. Why should one come now, unless " Unless what, love ?" "Uules9 one of .the Strangways died last night — at tho very moment when we heard the footfall — died in somo distant lnnd, perhaps, and with his last dying thought visited the plaoe ot his birth. One has heard of such things." . " Ono has heard of a great many strange things. Tho human imagination is very inven tive." "All, you are a scoptio, I know. I don't think I actually believe in ghosts — but I am afraid of being forced to believe in them. Oh, Godfrey, if it were meant for a warning," she cried, with a sudden terror in tho largo dark eyes. " What land of warning ?." "A presage of misfortune — sickness— death. I have read w many stories of such warn ings." "My dearest love, you have read too much rubbish in that lino. Your mind is full of morbid fancies. If the morning were not too warm, I should say put on your habit and let us go for a long ride. I am afraid this sauntering life of ours is too depressing for you." " Depressing — to be with you all day ! Oh, Godfrey, you must be tired of me if you can suggest suoh a tiling." < "But, my Nita, when I seo you giving your self up to gloomy speculations about ghosts and omens." "Ob, that means nothing. When one has a very precious treasure one must noeds be full of fears. Look at misers, how nervous thoy oro about their hidden gold. And ' my treasure is more to me than all the gold of Oplrir— infinitely precious." She sprang from her low chair, and loaned over tho back of his to kiss the broad brow which was lifted up to meet theso lips. " Oh, my love, my love, I nover knew what fear meant till I know tho fear of parting from you," sho replied. " Put on your habit, Nita. We will go for a .ride in spite of tho sun. Or what do you say to driving to Dorchester, and storming your cousins for a luuoh ? I want to talk to Mr. Dal- brook about Skinner's bill of dilapidations." Her mood changed in an instant. "That wouuld bo- capital fun," "sho oriod. " I wonder if it is a breach of etiquette to lunch with ono's cousins during one's honeymoon ?" "A fig to etiquette. Thomas, order the phaeton for 11.30." " What a happy idea," said Jimnita, " a long long drive with you, nnd then tho fun of Beeing how you get on with my Btrong minded oousins. They pretend to despiso everything that other girls core for, don't you know — arid go in for literature, science, polities, everything intellec tual, in short — and I have seen them sit and nurse Darwin or Buckle for a wholo cvoning, while they have talkod of gowns nnd bonnets and other girls' flirtations." "Then thoy are not suoh Roman maidenB as they affect to be." "Far from it. They will take the pattern of my frook with thoir oyes before I havo been in the room 10 minutes. Just watoh them." "I will ; if I can tako my eyes off you." J uanita ran away to chango her whito peignoir for a walking dross, and reappeared in half an hour radiant and ready for the drive. " How do you like my frock?" oho asked, pos ing herself in front of her husband, and chal lenging admiration. Tho frock was old gold Indian silk, coft nnd dull, mado with an exquisite simplicity of long flowing draperies, above a kilted petticoat, which just showed tho neat little tan shoes, and a glimpse of tan silk stocking.' The bodico fitted tho tall supple figure liko a glove ; the sleeves were loose and short, tied carelessly at tho elbow with a broad satin ribbon, and the long uuedo gloves matched the gown to tho nicest shade. Her hat was Leghorn, broad enough to shade her eyes from tho sun, high enough to add to hor import ance, and oaught up on one side with a bunch of dull yellow barley and a few cornllowerB, wlioso vivid iiue was repeated in a cluster of tho samo flowers embroidered on ono side of tho bodice. Her largo sunshade was of tho same silk as hor gown, and that was also embroidered with corn flowers, a stray blossom flung hero and there with an accidental air. " My lovo, you took as if you had stopped out of a fashion book." "I supposo I am too Bmart,"said Juanita with an impatient sigh ; "aud yet my ooloring is vory subdued. There is only that touoh of biuo in tho cornflowers— just tho one high light in the picture. That is the one drawbaok to country life. Everything really pretty seems too smart for dusty rends aud green lanos. One must be content to gropo ono's obscure way in a tailor gown or a cotton frock all tho year round. Now this would bo perfection for a AYednosday in Hyde Park, wouldn't it ?" " My darling, it is oluirming. "Why should you not bo prettily dressed under this blue summer sky ? You can sport your tailor gowns in winter. You are not a whit too smart for me, Nita. You are only too lovely. Bring your dust cloak, aud you may defy tho perils of the road." Celestine, Lady Carmichaol's Fronch-Swias maid, was In attendance with tlio dust cloak, an ample wrap of pale eoru silk and lacs, cloudliko, indescribable. This muffled the pretty gown from top to too, and Nita took her Beat In the phaeton, and prepared for a longer drive and a longer talk than they had had yesterday. Sho was pleased at the idea of showing off her handsome young husband and her now frook to thoso advancod young ladies, who had affected a kind of suporiorityoa the ground of what she called " heavy reading," and what thoy called advanced views. Janet and Sophia had accepted Lady Chariton's invitation with inward protest, and in their apprehension of being patronised had somewhat inclined to give themselves airs, tak ing pains to impress upon thoir cousin that she was as empty headed as she was beautiful, and that they inhabited an intellectual plane for which sho had no scaling laddor. She had put up with such small snubbings in the sweotost way, knowing all tho tirao that ns tho Honor- ablo Juanita Dalbrook, of Chcriton Ohaso, and ono of the dibutantei whoso praises had been sung" in all tho socioty papers, she inhabited a social plana as far beyond their reach as their intellectual plane might bo above hers. "I don't suppose we shall see Theodore," Kid Juanita, as tha bays bowled mereilv atom? the level rood. Tho greys were getting a rest after yesterday's work, and these were Lady Cheriton's famous barouche horses, to whom the phaeton seemed as a toy. " Ha must have gone to Heidolberg.before now." " Ho must be fond of Heidelborg to be run ning off there when it is so jolly at home." "He was there for a yoar, you know, before he wont to Cambridge, and be is always going back thero or to tbe Hartz for bis holidays. I - sometimes tell him ho is half a Gorman." She rather hoped that Theodore was in Ger many by this time ; and yet' she had assured herself in her owo mind that there could be no pain to him in tboir meeting. She knew that be had loved ber — that in one rash hour, after a yoar'g absence in America, when he hod not known, or had chosen to forgot, the state of ' offaiis between her and Godfrey, he had told ' her of his love, and had asked her to give him ' hope. It was before her engagement, but she was net the less frank in confessing' her attach- ment'to Godfrey. " I can never caro for any one else," she said; "I have loved him all my life." All her life I Yes, tbat was Theodore's irro-' parablcloss. lYhitoho, the working man, had been' grinding out his days in the treadmill round of a country solicitor's 'office, the young patrioinn' had been as free as tho butterfiios in Juanita's ' rose garden,' free to woo her all day long, free to- share ber most trifling pleasures and sympathise with her lightest pains. Tfhat chance had the' jnnior partner in Dalbrook and Son against Sir Godfrey Carmichnel, of Starbam Priory ? Theodore had managed his life so well after that one bitter rebuff that Juanita had a right to supposo that his wound had healed, and that the pain ui thus hour bad bcoa iorgotccn. Sue was sincerely attached to him, as a kinsman, aud respected liim more than any other young man of hor acquaintance. Had not Lord Chcriton. that admirable judge of charaotor, declared tbat Theodore was one of the cleverest men ho knew, and only regretted that he had not attached himself to the higher branch of the law, as the more likely in iris oase to result in wealth and fame ? The phaeton drove np to the old Hanoverian doorway as St. Peter's olock chimed the quarter after one. The old man servant looked sur prised at this brilliant vision of a boautlful girl,' a fine pair of horses, a smart groom and Sjr Godfrey Carmicbael. Tbo tout ensemble was almost bowildering even to a man accustomed to sco tbo various conveyances of neighboring landowners at Iris master's door. "Yes, my lady, both the young ladies are at homo," said Brown, and led the way upstairs with unshaken dignity. He had lived in that house five and thirty years, beginning ns a shosblaok and errand boy, and ho was proud to hear his master tell his friends how he hod risen from- the ranks. Ho had indulged in some mild philandorings with pretty parlor maids in the dayB of his youth, but had never seriously entangled himself, and was a confirmed bachelor, and something of a misogynist. Ho was a pattern of honesty nnd conscientiousness, having no wife and family to be maintained upon broken victuals and illuminated with filched candle onds or stolen oil. Ho had not a single interest outside his master's house, hardly so much as a thought ; and the glory and honor of " the family" were his honor and glory. So as' he ushered Lady Carmiohael and her husband to tho draivingroom, ho was meditating upon what additions to tho luncheon ho could suggest to cook which might render that meal worthy of such distinguished guests. Sophia was seated by one of tbo windows painting an orchid in a tall Venetian vaso. It was a weakness with theso olever girls to think they could do ovorything. Thoy were not eon- tent with Darwin and the now learning, but they painted indifferently in oils and in water colors, played on various instruments, sang in throe languages and fancied themselves invin cible at lawn tennis. The orohid was top heavy, nnd had been tumbling out of the vase every five' minutes in n manner that had been very trying to tbe artist's temper and irritating to Janet, who wns grap pling with a volumo of Johann Miiiler, in tho original, and losing herself in a labyrinth of words beginning with ver' and ending with heit. They both started up from oooup&tions; of whioh both wore tired, and welcomed their visi tors with a show of genuine . pleasure ; for although they had both been vory determined in their resistance to anything like patronage on Juanita's part when sho was Miss Dalbrook, tiiey wore glad tbat that she should be prompt to recognise tbe claims of kindred now that Bhe was Lady Carmiohael. " How good of you to como," exolaimed Janet. " I didn't til ink you would remember us at such a time. " "Did you think I must forgot old friends because I am happy?" Baid Juanita. "But I mustn't take orodit for othor people's virtues. ' It was Godfrey who proposed driving over to see you." " I want to show you what a nioo couple we make," said Sir Godfrey gaily, drawing hi bride oloser to him, as tbey stood side by side, tall and straight, and glowing with youth and gladness in tho middle of the grave old drawing- room. " You young ladies were not so cousinly as your brother Theodore. You didn't drive to Oheriton to wolcome us home." " If Theo had told us what ho was going to do we should have boon very glad to bo there too," replied Sophy, "bat ho rode off in the morning without saying a word to anybody." " Ho is in Germany by this time, I suppose?" said J uanita. " He is downstairs in tbe office. His port manteau has been packed for a weok, I believe," explained J&net;, "but thero is always some fresh business to prevent his starting. My father relies upon him more every day." "Dear, good Theodora, be is quito the cleverest man I know," said Juanita, without tho slightest idea of disparaging her husband, whom she considered perfection. "I think he must be very muoh liko what my father was at his age." " People who aro ina position to known tell us that he is exactly what his own father was at that age," said Janet, resenting this attempt to trace her brother's gifts to a more distant sourco. "I don't see why one need go further. My father would not havo been trusted as he has been for tho last 30 years if he were a simpleton ; and Gnlton observes- — " Tho door opened at this moment and Theo dore came in. He grooted his cousin and his cousin's hus band with unaffected friendliness. "It is against my principles to take luncheon," ho said, laughingly, as he gave Juanita his hand, "but this is a red-letter day. My father is waiting for us in the diningroom." Thoy all wont downstairs together, Theodore leading tho way with his oousin, talking gaily as thoy went down the wide oak staircase, between sober panelled walls of darkest brown. The front part of the ground floor was given np to offices, and tho diningroom was built out at the back, a large bright looking room with a bay window, opening on to a square town garden, a garden of about half an aorc, surrounded with high walls, above which showed the tree tops ia ono of the leafy walks that skirt the town, and an irregular mass of roofs, with a steeple here end there. It wcb vory different to ' that Italian garden at Oheriton, where the peacocks strutted slowly between long rows of obelisk- shaped oypresses, where the Italian statues showed white in evory angle of the dense green wall, and where the fountain rose and fell with a silvery cadence in the still summer atmosphere. Here there was only a square lawn, just big enough for a tennis court, and a broad border of liardy flowers, with one especial portion at the end of the garden, whero Sophia experi mented in cross fertilisation after the manner of Darwin, seeming for over upon the threshold of valuable discoveries. Mr. Dalbrook was a fine looking man of seme unascertained ago between 50 pnd60. He boasted that ho was Lord Cheriton's junior by a year or two, although thoy hod both come to a time ol life when a year or two more or less could matter very little. He was very fond of Juanita, and ho welcomed her with especial tenderness in her now ohnractei as a bride. He kissed ber, and then held her away from him for a minute, with a kindly scrutiny. "Lady Godfrey surpasses Miss Dalbrook," ho said, smiling ut tho girl's radiant face. ' I sup pose now you are going to be the leading per sonage in our part of the county. 'We quiet townspeople will be continually bearing of you, and there will not be a local paper without' a notice of your doings. Anyhow, I am glafl ' you don't forget old friends." ' ' He placed her besidnhimrittbolnrre£va!li»Hfc on which tho lias U i. .. ,,i- ffhinA had bcott set forth with a celerity which testified to Brown's devotion. Sir. Dnlbrook tree one Of thoao sensible people who never waste keep or wages upon a bad horse or a bad ervofit, and his oook was one of the best in Dorchester ; so the luncheon, albeit plain and unpretentious, was a meal of which no man need fcol ashamed, and the additions which had facctCuade to the mν since tho phaeton diovo up to tho door wore not of a kind to betray their hasty concoction. dun nits was fond of hor nncle, as she callod this distant cousin of hers to distinguish him from tlte younger generation, and ehe was pleased to be sitting by him, and hearing all tho news, of tho country town and tho country peoplo who wore is clients, and in many caBes his friends. It may bo that his cousin- ship with Lord Cheriton had gono as far as his professional aenmen to elevate him in the esteem of town and country, and that some peoplo who would hardly havo invited tho country solicitor for his own sake, sent their cards as a matter of course to tho law lord's cousin. But thoro wore others who esteemed the provincial solicitor for his own sterling qualities, and who even liked him better than the somewhat sovero and self assertive Baron Cheriton. IVhilo Juanita talked confidentially to her kinsman, and whilo Sir Godfrey discussed tho latest theory about the bud, and the pro bable endurance of our own little planot with Janet and Sophia, Theodore sat at tho bottom of the table, silent and thoughtful, watching the lovely animated face with its look of radiant happiness, and telling himself that the woman ho loved wa« as far away from him sitting there, within reach of his touch, within the sound of his lowest whisper, as if she had .been in another world. Ho had borne himself bravely on her wedding day, had smiled back hor happy mile, and olnsped hor hand with tho steady grip of friendship ; but that effort made there had been a sad relapse in his fortitudo, and he had thought of her ever since as a man thinks of that supreme possession without which lifo is worthless — as tho miser thinks of his Btolon gold — or the ambitious man of his blighted name. Yes, he had loved hor with all tho strength of his heart and mind, and he knew that ho could never again love with the same full measure. Ho was too wise a man, and too experienced in life, to tell himself that for him time could have no healing power — that no other woman could ever be dear to him ; but he told himself that another lovo likounto this was impossible, and that all tho future could bring- him would ho some palo faint copy of this radiant picture. " I suppose it's only one man in fifty who marries his first love," ho thought, and then looked at Godfrey, Cnrmichael and thought that to him ovor muoli had been given. Ho was a fine yopng fellow, clever, unassuming, with a frank good face ; a man who was likod by men as well as by women ; but what had ho done to be worthy of such a wife as Juanita? Ho could only answer the question in tho words of Figaro, " He had taken the trouble to bo born." v That one thoughtful guest made no difference in the gaiety of tho luncheon table. Matthow Dalbrook had plenty to say to his bcantiful cousin, and Juanita had all tho' experiences of the last season to talk about, while onco having started upon Sir "William Thomson and tho ultimate exhaustion of the sun's heat, the aisters were not likoly to ntop. ClIAl'TEH Y. Poor little life that toddles half an hour, Crowned with a flower or two', and there an end- Sir Godfrey's devioo for diverting his wifo'a mind from the morbid fancies of tho previous ifighf answered admirably. Sho left Dorchester la high spirits, after haying invited hor cousins to Cheriton for tennis, and lunch on the follow ing day, and after having bade an affeotionnto good byo to . Theodore, who was to start on his oUdays directly ho could make an end of some important business now in hand. His father told liiin laughingly that he might have gone a week oarlier had he really wanted to go. "I believe there must be some attraction for ypu in Dorchester, though. I am riot clover enough to find out what it is," said Sir. Dal brook, innocently, "for you hnve been talking about going away for ' the last fortnight, and yet you don't go." Lady Carmichael had lingered in tho homely pld house till afternoon ten, had lingered over her tea, telling her cousins all they wanted to know about smart society in London, that one oentrnl spot of bright wliito light in tho dull, gray mass of a busy, common-place world, which she know so well and of which they know so little. Janot and Sophia profeaod to be above oaring for these things, except from a purely philosophical point of view, as they yared for ants, bees and wasps ; but thoy listened eagerly nil tho same, with occasional expressions of wonder that human beings oould be so trivial. "Five hundred pounds spent in flowers at Lady Drumlock's ball,"- cried Sophy, " and to think that in a few more million years the sun may be as oold as the north pole, and what trace will thoro bo then of all this buttorily world ?" " Did the Mountains cut a tremendous dash this season " asked Janet, frivolously curious about their iminodiato neighbors, county peoplo \yho went to London for tho season. " Of course you know she had £30,000 loft her by an unole quite lately. And she is so utterly with out brains that I daresay she will spend it all in entertainments." " Oh, tbey did entertain a good deal, and they did their best, poor things, and people went to them," Juanita answered with a de- precatingulv ; " but still I should hardly like to say that they are in society. Iu the first place she has never succeeded in getting the Prince at any of her darices ; and in the next place her partios have a cloud of provincial dulnoss upon them against which it is in vain to struggle. He can never forget his constituents and his duty to his borough, and that kind of thing does not answer, if one wants to give really nice parties. I'm afraid her legacy won't do her much good, poor soul, unless sho gets somo clever person to show hor how to spond it. Tkero is a kind of society- instinct, don't you know, and sho is without it. I'beiiovethe people who give good parties are ' born, notmade — like poets and orators." Sir Godfrey looked down at her, smiling at her juvonilo arrogance, whioh, to his' mind, was more bewitching than another woman's humi lity. " "Wo raeari to show them tho way, next year, If wo take a house in town," ho said. " But wo aro not going to have a house in town," answered Juanita quickly. " Why, God- frey, you know I havo done with all that kind of frivolity. We ean go to Victoria-street in May. and stay with our people there just long enough to see all the pictures, and hear some good musio, and just rub shoulders with the friends we like at half a dozen parties, and then wo will go baok to our nest at tho Priory. Do you think that I am like Lady Mountain, and want to waste my lifo upon the sooiety struggle, when I have you ?" It was nearly 6 o'clock when thoy left Corn- hill. It was more than half-post 7 whon they drew near Cheriton, and tho stin was set ting behind tho irregular lino of hills towards Studland. They approaohod tho manor by one of the most picturesque lanes in tho district, a lano sunk between high banks, rugged and ' rocky, and with hero and thoro tho mas- sivo trunk of beech or oak jutting out above tho roadway, whilo tho gnariod and twisted roots spread over tho rough shelving ground, and seemed to hold up tho meadow ' land upon tho liighor lcvol ; a dork, sccrct- looking lane it must hnvo soemed on a moonless night, sunk so dooply between those earth- walls, and overshadowed by those gigantic trunks and interlacing branches ; hut in this mellow even ing light it was a place in whioh to liugor. There' was n right of way through Choriton Chase, and this sunk lano was tho favorite approach. A broad carriago drive crossed tho chase and park, skirted tlio great elm avenue that led to the house, and swept round by a ' wide semi-circle to tho great iron gates which opened on the high road from Warolmm. The stoep gable ends of an old English cot tage rose amidst the trees, on the upper ground just outsido the gate at the end of tho lane. It was a veritable old English cottage, and had . been standing at that corner of the. park-liko meadow for more than 200 years, and had known but ljttle(hange during tlioso two centuries. It .was. a good deal larger than tho generality of , jodges,and ltdiffered from other lodges insomuoli si it stood outside the gate instead of ipside, ' thau Unwaij buMtmua lodge all tho same, and tho duty of tho person who lived in it was to open the gate of Cheriton Chaso to all comers, provided they camo in such vehicles as were privileged to eujoy tho right of way. Thoro was a line drawn somowhore ; perhaps at coal waggons or tradesmen's carts ; but for the generality of vehicles the carriage road across Choriton Cha3e was free. A rosy-faced girl of about 16 camo tripping down the stone stops built into the bank as the carriago approaohod, and was curtseying at the opon gate in time for Sir Godfrey to drivo through without slackening the pace. He gave her a friendly nod as ho passed. "Does Mrs. Porter novor eondosoend to open the gnto herself?" he asked Juanita. "Seldom for anyone except my father. I think she makes a point of doing it for him, though I boliovo ho would much rather she didn't. You mustn't sneer at . her, Godfrey. Sho is a very unassuming person, and very grateful for her comfortable position here, though she has known bottor days, poor soul." "That is always such a vaguo expression. What wore the better days like ? " Sho is the widow of a captain— in the mer cantile marine, I think it is callod — a man who was almost a gentleman. Sho was left very poor, and my father, who know her husband, gave her tho lodge to take care of, and a tiny, tiny pension — not so much as I spond upon gloves, I'm afraid ; and she has lived here oon- tentedly and gratefully for tho lost 10 years. It must bo a sadly dull life, for she is on intellectual woman, too refined to assooiato with upper servants and village tradespeople; so she has no onototalk to — literally no one — oxcopt when tho viear or any of us call upon hor. But- that is not t.lia worst, poor thing," pursued Juanita, dropping her voioe to a subdued and sorrowful tone, "she had a great trouble some yoars ago. You romombar, don't you, Godfrey." "I blush to say that Mrs. Porter's trouble has escapod my memory." "Oh, you havo been so muoh away; you would hardly hoar, perhaps. She had an only, daughter — hor only child indeed — a very hand some girl, whom she adored ; and the girl went wrong somehow, and disappeared. I never hoard the circumstances. I was not supposed to know, but I know she vanished suddenly, and that there was a good deal of fuss with mother and tho servants and tho Vicar ; and Mr 3. Porter's hair began to whiten from that time, and people who had not cared muoh for her boforo were so sorry that they grew quite fond of her." " It is a common Btory enough," said Godfrey, "what could a handsome girl do — except go wrong — in suoh a life as that. Did she open the gato whilo she was here ?" " Only for my father, I believe. Mrs. Porter has always contrived to keep a girl in a pinafore, like that girl you saw just now. All, tho girls como from the samo family, or havo done for the lost six or seven years. As soon as tho girl grows out of pinafores sho goes off to somo hotter service, and a younger sister drops into her place." "And her pinafores, I suppose." " Sirs. Porter's girls always do well. Sho has a reputation for making a good servant out of tho raw material." " A olover woman, no doubt ; very clevor, to havo secured a lodge keeper's berth without being obliged to open the gate ; a woman who knows how to take care of herself." "You ought not to disparage her, Godfrey. The poor thing has known so much troublo — think of what it was to looso the daughter sho loved — and in such a way — worse than death." "I don't know about that. Death means the end. A loving mother might rather keep tho sinner than lose the saint, and the sinner may wash herself clean and become a saint — after the order of Mary Magdalen. If this Mrs. Potter had been really devoted to her daughter, she would hnvo followod her and brought her back to tho fold. She would not be here, lead ing a life of . genteel idfoness in that picturesque old cottage while the lost sheep is still astray in the wilderness." " You are very hard upon hor, Godfrey." "I am hard upon all shams and pretences. I hnvo not spoken to Mrs. Porter above half a dozen times in my life — sho never opens thegate for me you know — but I have a fixed impression that she is a hypocrite — a harmless hypoorite, perhaps — one of thoso women whose chief object in lifo is to stand well with the vicar of iter parish." Thoy were at the hall door by this time, and' it was 7.45 o'clock. " Let us sit in tho drawingroom this ovening, Godfrey," said Juanita, as she ran off to dress for dinner. " The library would give me tho horrors after last night." "My capricious one. You will ho tired of the drawingroom to-morrow. I should not he surprisod if you ordered mo to sit ou tho house top. Wo might rig up a tent for aftornoon tea between two chimney stacks." Juanita raado a rapid toilet, and appeared in one of her graceful cream whito tea gowuB, veiled in a cloud of sofest lace, just as the clocks were striking 8. She was all gaiety to-night, just as she had boon all morbid apprehension last night ; and when they went to tho drawing- room after dinnor — together, for it was not to be supposed that Sir Godfrey would linger s>v a solitary glass of claret — she fiew to the grand piano and began to play Tito Mattei's famous waltz, whiclisceinodthemost consummate expres sion of joyousness possible to her. The brilliant musio filled the atmosphere with gaiety, whilo the faco of tho player, turned to her husband as she played, harmonised with the light-hearted melody. The drawingroom wa3 as frivolously pretty as tho library was soberly grand. It wns Lady Chariton's tristo whioh had ruled here, and the room was a kind of record of her ladyship's travels. She had bought pretty things, or ouri- ous things wherever they took hor fancy, and had brought them homo to hor Choriton drawingroom. Thus the walls were hung with Algerian embroideries on damask or satin, and decorated with Rhoilian pottery. Tho furniture was a mixture of old French and old Italian. Tho Dresden tea services and ivory statuettes, and capo di monte vases, and Copenhagen figures, had been picked up all over tho Continent, without any regard to their combined effect ; but there were so many thiugs that the ultimate result was delightful, tho room being spaoioua enough to hold everything without tho slightest ap- . pcoranco of over crowding. The piano Btood in a central position, and was draped with a Japancso robe of state — a mass of rainbow hued embroidery on a ground of violet sntiri almost covered with gold thread. It was the most gorgeous fabric Godfrey Carmiehacl had ever seen, and it mado the piano a spot of vivid parti- colored light, amidst the more sub dued coloring of tho room — tho silvery silken curtains, tho delicate Indian muslin draperies, and tho dull tawny plush coverings of sofa3aud chairs. The room was lighted only by clusters of wax candles, and a reading lamp on a small .tablo near one of tho windows. It was a rule that wherever Sir Godfrey spent his ovoning there must always bo a reading tablo and lamp ready for him. He showed no eagorness for his books yet awhile, but seemed completely happy lolling at full length on a sofa near the piano, listening and watohing as Juanita played. She played more of Mattei's brilliant music — another waltz — an arrangement of Hon 6 Vet — and then began one of Chopin's wildest mazurkas, which sho played with ah audacious self- abandonment that was almost genius. Godfrey listened rapturously, delighted with tho musio for its own sake, but even more de lighted for tho gladness which it expressed. Sho stopped at last, breathless, after Mendels sohn's Capriccio. Godfrey had risen from the sofa and was standing by her side. " I'm afraid I must havo tirod you to death," she said, "but I had a strange sort of feeling that I must go on playing. That music was a safety valvo for my high spirits." "My darling, I am so glad to see that you have dono with imaginary woes. "We may havo real troubles of somo kind to face by and by, perhaps, as wo go down the hill, so it would bo very foolish to abandon ourselves to fancied sorrows whilo we are on tho top. " " Real troublos — yes — sickness, anxiety, tho fear of parting," said Juanita, in a troubled voice. " Oh, Godfrey, if wo were to give half our fortune to tho poor — if wo were to mpko some great saorifico — do you think God would spare us such pangs as these — the fear — the hor riblo fear of being parted from oaoh other." " My dearest, wo cannot make a bargain with Providenco. "We can only do our duty, and hope for tho best." ,1 "A «y M be tirr—wiy good W the "poor," urged Juanita, with Intense earnest ness, "let us have tholr prayers at least." The weather was warm and still, and the windows were all open to the terrace. Godfrey and Juanita took their coffee in tholr favorite corner by tho magnolia tree, and sat there for a long time in the soft light of tho stars, talking tho old sweet talk of their future. "Wo must drive to Swanago and seo Lady Jane to-morrow," said Juanita by and by. "Don't you think it was very wrong to go to see my peoplo — only cousins after all — before wo went to your mother ?" " Sho will come to us, dear, directly wo give her permission. I know bIio is dying to see you in your new oharacter." " How lovely she looked at the wedding, in her pale grey gown and bonnet. I love her almost as woll as I love my own dear, good in dulgent mother, and I think sho is the most perfect lady I ever mot." '«' " I don't think you'll find her very much liko the typical mother-in-lnw, at any rate," replied Godfrey gaily. They decided on driving to Swanago next morning. They would go in the landau, and bring " the mother " baok with them for a day or two, if she could be persuaded to come. Juanita stifled a yawn presently, and seemed Bomowhat languid after her sleepless night and long day of talk and vivacity. "I am getting vory Btnpid company," she said. ' I'll go to bed early to-riight, Godfrey, and leave you an hour's quiet with Wider Horizons. I know you are longing to go on with that hook, but your chatterbox wife won't let you." Of course ho protested that her society was worth more than all the books in the British Museum. Ho offored to tnko his hookup to her room and read her to sleep, if she liked ; but sho would not have it so. " You shall have your own quiet corner and your books, just as if you were still a bachelor," she said caressingly, as she- hung upon his shoulder for a good night kiss. " As for me, I am utterly tired out. Janet and Sophy talked mo to death : and then there was the long drive home. I shall be as fresh as ever to morrow morning, and ready to be off to dear Lady Jane." Ho went into tho hall with her, and to tho top of the stairs for the privilego of carrying her candlestick, and ho only left her at the end of the corridor out of whioli her room opened. Sho did not ring for her maid, preferring Bolitudo to that young person's attendance. Sho did not want to1 be worried with elaborate hair brushing or ceremonies of any kind. Sho was thoroughly exhausted with tho alternations of oinotion of which her lifo had been made up of late, and sho fell asleep almost as soon as her head touched her pillow. The bedroom was over tho drawingroom. Her lost look from the open 'casement had shown her the reflection of the lights below on the ter race. She was near enough to have spoken out of the window to iter husband had Bhe boon so minded. Sho conld picture him sitting at tho table at tho corner window, in his thoughtful attitude, head bent over his book, one knee drawn up nearly to liis chin, one arm hanging loosely across the arm of his low easy chair. Sho had watohod him thus many a time, com pletely absorbed in his book. Sho slept ns tranquilly as an infant, and her dream wanderings wore all in pleasant places ; with him ; always with him ; confused after the manner of all dreams ; - but with rio sign of troublo. What was this dream about being with him at Woolwich, where thoy were firing a big gun — a curious dream? She had been there onco with her father to see a gun drawn — but sho had never seen ono fired there — and now in her dream she stood in a crowd of strange faces, fronting the river, and there was a long grey ironclad on the water-l a turret ship — and there came a flash, and then a puff of white smoke, and the report of a gun, short and sharp, not like the roar of a cannon by any means, and yet her dream showed her tho dark sullen gun ou the grey deck, the biggest cannon she had ever seen. She started up from her pillow cold and trembling. That report of tho gun had seemed bo real and so near, that it had awakened her. She was wide awake now, and pushed back her looso hair from her eyes, and felt . undor her pillow for her watoh, and looked at it in tho dim light of the night lamp on tho table by her bed. " A quarter to 1." Sho had left tho drawingroom a few minutes after 10. It was long for Godfrey to have Bat reading alone ; but' he was insatiable when he had a new book that interested him'. She got up and put on her slippers and dress ing gown, prepared to take him to task for his late hours. She was not alarmed by her dream, but the sound of that sharp report was still in her ears as she lighted her candle and went down into the silent house. Sho oponed tho drawingroom door, and looked aeross to the spot where Bhe expected to seo her husband sitting. His chair was empty. Tho lamp was burning just as she had left it hours ago, burning with a steady light undor the green porcelain shade, but he was not there. Puzzled, and with a touch of fear, she went slowly across tho room towards his ohair. Ho had strayed out on to the terrace perhaps — ho had gone out for a final smoke. She would steal after him in her long whito gown, and frighten him if Bhe oould. " He ought at least to take me for a ghost," sho thought. Sho stopped transfixed with a sudden horror. He was lying on the carpet at her feet in a huddled heap, just as he had rolled out of his ohair. His head was bout forward between his shoulders, his face was hidden. She tried -to lift his head, hanging over him, calling to him in passionate entreaty ; and, behold i her hands and arms were drowned in blood. His blood Bplashed her white peignoir. It was all over her. She seemed to bo steeped in it, as she sat on tho floor trying to gst a look at his faoe — to see if his wound was mortal. For some moments she had no other thought than to sit there in horror, repeating his name in every accent of terror and of love, beseeching him to answer her. Then gradually came the conviction of his unconsciousness, and of the need of Help. He was badly hurt — dangerously hurt — but it might not bo mortal. Help must be got. He must bo cured somehow. Sho could not believe that he was to die. Sho rushed to the bell and rang again, and again, and again, hardly taking her linger from tho little, ivory knob, listening as the shrill clectrio peal vibrated through the silent house. It seemed an age before there was any response, and then three servants camo hurryiug in — the butler and ono of tlio footmen and a scared house maid. They saw her standing there, toll and white, dabbled with blood. " Someone has been trying to murdor him," sho cried. " Didn't you hear a gun ?" No, no ono had heard anything till they heard the bell. Tho two men lifted Sir Godfrey from the floor to the sofa, and did all they could do to stanch that deadly wound in his neck from which tho blood was still pouring — a bullet wound. Lambert, tho butler, was afraid that the bullet had picroed tho jugular vein. If there was life still, it was only ebbing lifo. Juanita flung herself on the ground beside that prostrato form and kissed the unconsolous lips, and the cold brow, and those pallid cheeks ; kissed and cried ovor him, aud repeated again and again that tho wound wa3 not mortal. . "Is anyone going for the doctor?" sho cried frantically. "Are you all going to stand still and roe him die ?" Lambert assured hor that Thomas was gone to the stable to wake the men, and despatch a mounted messenger for Mr. Dalby, the family doctor. " Ho might liavo helped us more if he had run there himself," cried Juanita. " There will be timo lost in waking the men, aud saddling a horse. I could go there faster." She looked at the door as if she hod half re solved to rush off to the village in bor dressing gown and slippers. Aud thcu she looked again at that marble faco, and again fail upon her knees by the sofa, and laid her cheek against that bloodless cheek, and moaned and cried over him, whilo the butler went to got hrandy, with but little hope in his own mind of any useful result. " What an end to a honeymoon," he said to himself despondently. ( To be continued. J 