CURRENT TOPICS. Last night the Premier explained the reasons why Mr. Oscar Meyer has been appointed to act as Now South Wales show man at the Dunedin Exhibition. The billet is worth L700 a year, and it has according to the Premier been created for Mr. Meyer because that gentleman has resided 11 years in tlio colony, and is master of ono wife, six children, and four foreign languages. Now we do not deny that these aro very fair testimonies as to Mr. Meyer's character as a citizen, but if they alone en- titlo him to a billet of L700 a year from the Government then how aro we to recognise tho claims of a man who has lived all his - life in tho colony, and been the husband of threo or four wives and tho father of an equal number of families. Men of theso qualifications can be found by the score, who would jump at a Government billet with -half tho salary attached to Mr. Meyer's. In his flippant reply to tho question asked him regarding this gentleman's appointment, liowevor, it is quite evident than Sir Henry Parkes1 intention was not to imitate tho boozy old Latin poet by telling an ugly truth in a pretty jest, but rather to resort to an awkward witticism for the purpose of avoiding a still more awkward fact. In this appointment of Mr. Meyer, tho Government have been bowled out in a little job, and Sir Henry's idea was to turn the whole thing off with a stupid attempt at a grin. It is not of the slightest importance that New South Wales should have a Bhowman to represent it at Dunedin any more than at Donegal or at Dungog, and whon it was announced that the colony had agreed to patronise tho exhibition Sir Henry Parkes gave his word that tho showman would act without pay, and that all tlio publio would be charged for would be tho wages of a olerk. In faco of this distinct assur ance, Mr. Meyer lias nianagod to gel himself appointed at tho rate of L700 a year. What oartlily return is the Now South Wales taxpayer to get for the expenditure rf a single penny on Mr. Two penny's show in Dunedin. Most of these afi'airs aro promotod by professional I'ooininissiouors" who live out of tho busi ness, and tho Twopenny or twopenny lialf- Xicimy show at Dunedin is about ono of the loast important of the kind that 1ms over beon (loafed. The whole business is done to (loath, and tho appointment of Mr. Meyer or any other fpreign-spolccu gentleman to help run the Twopenny show at tho New South Wales taxpayers' expense is simply an imposition. And it would bo just as well if tho Assembly had a little inoro to say about it, with tlio viow of com pelling the Premior, who has made a laugh ing stock of tho job, to cachinate at the other side of his mouth. Tim Essex-street Alignment log was suc cessfully rolled through tho Legislative Council last night, and tho persevcranco of tlio land-grabbers who havo been patiently engineering it for years back appears about to be rewarded with success, Wo havo heforopointedoutthenatureof this job, which simply means taking away from the publio part of an already inadequate thoroughfare, and adding it to - tho. property of a few private laud holders, evory one of whom is cither an alderman, a politician, or an electioneering boss engineer. One of the speakers in last night's debate argued that il did not matter about the street being made narrower at all, as it was too steep for traffic. According to this logio it would bo just as well to closo it up altogether. And as there aro dozens of streets in Sydney quite as steep, if not stoopcr, than Essex-street the samo may be said of them. Brickfield Hill, for instance, has one of the sharpost gra dients in tlio city, and acting on this "tip,' tho landholders at eacli side aro fools if tlioy don't immediately begin to move forward their frontages. A little whilo ago in a publio speech the Mayor of Sydnoy lamented that the streots were too narrow and tho corporation had 110 power to mako them wider. It would ho interesting, in viow of this utterance, to know if Mr. Harris exertsd any of his legitimate niayora' influence to prevent the passing of this bill to make ono important street narrower- In any caso, however, wo trust that the citizens, whose property is being filched, will mark tlio man who aro aiding and abetting this job, and that all will heat of it through the ballot box at the proper time. : Last night Mr. Knaff sounded tho toosin of war against ntlio Payment .of-' Members Bill, nnd oxpectcd a great marshalling of tho Calico Clan. These gentlemen, how- over, are not remarkable for political courage, and fighting forlorn hopeB is a sort of diversion that does not attract thorn. ' In tho Assombly thoy not only gave up the ghost as soon as .they saw the people's representatives determined, but even con sented for pcaco salco, to introduce the hated measure themselves. Mr. Knaff is not of this kidney, though, and lie took it on himself to rouse tho men of ealieo out of this disgraceful vassalage, even if ho spon' a. whole shilling on an advertisement calling them together. If the advertisement failed to do anything better, it would give i little additional notoriety to Mr. Knaff, at any . rate ho decided, at all hazards, that the thing should- bo done. It cannot bo said, however, that the movement was a conspicuous suecess. Mr. Knaff liasgothisadvortiBoment, no doubt, but only by writing hhnsolf down an' ass in somewhat largor type than ho has hitherto snccccdec in having that utterly stale and unin teresting fact published. Twenty indivi duals out of tho third of a million who iuhabit the metropolitan district responded to Mr. Knafp's clarion call. On account of this " paucity of attendance " as he called it, he concluded that "the people were "not sufficiently alivo to their own " interests " for him to hopo to do any good with thorn. A gentleman by tho name of Golds worthy, and another by tlio name of Uiir, however, thought this was rather a pessimistic view to take, and, after " three- "quarters of an hour's conversation," as ro- . ported by tho calico press, thoy induoed Mr. Knaff ' to consent to "thopeoplo" being allowed another chance. A committeo wns consequently appointed, with Mr. Knaff as secretary, for the purpose,, pf getting up 'anothef nieetihg, or if that' fails, at all events giving Mr. Knaff another advertisement. After this- wo expect to find Mr. ' Knaff starting an agitation against the one man one vote principle, and another to burst up tho ballot-box. There is, in faet, no -limit to the field that is open for the peculiar talents of this gentleman. Evan a public meeting to protest against any other person than Mr. Knafp being Premier might .be called by way of variety to the political burlesque programme which' could be sketched out for him. It iB the fosliion of soma people to show intolerance towards men of Mr. Knafp's stamp, but this is a feeling with which we must dis claim any sympathy. Nothing was inad- in vain, and men like Mr. ICnapp, whon tb.iy do not tiresoinely overdo tho thing, servo a very useful purpose in the general promotion of publio hilarity. 