SISTERS OF MERC if. ? RECEPTION OF NOVICES. The deeply interesting and solemn oerenxony of reoeiving novices for the Order of the sisters of Mercy was performed in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Tuesday morning, September 21, by Archbishop Reynolds, assisted by the priesthood, in the presence of an immense congregation. Admission was by tioket, and the whole building waa fiJled with worshippers watshiugthe ceremonial, which wasof a most impressive character. Around the altar, which bcre the sacred emblems and was lighted with numerous wax candles, flowers, given by Miss Baker, were tastefully disposed. The strong glare of the snn waa subdued by tbe rich dark colouring of the beautiful memorial window in the Cathedral, and the " dim, religions light," to nse a somewhat hackneyed phrase, added much to the impreBsiveness of the solemn proceedings. The Archbishop in his mitre and robes entered at 11, attended by Archdeaoon Russell, Dean Nevin, Fathers Church, O'Sallivan, Gandolfi, J. McMahon, W. McUvoy, Hnrley, T. Doneny, and Jorgensen. The postulants, four in number, who were to be invested with the white veil of the Sisters of Mercy, were Miss Margaret Carroll (name in religion, Sister Mary Gertrude), Miss Annie Briggs (Sister Maty De PazzJ), Miss Sarah Briggs (Sister Mary Gabriel), and Miss Mary Noonan (Sister Mary Montoa). The religieueea were assembled in their dark robes and church cloaks bearing tapers, and acolytes were in attendance with Incense. The postulants, after having commnnioated, came in from the eastern door of the Cath» dral, andthe procession was formed thus.:— A nun bearing aloft a cross; the four postulants, two and two; the professed religienses; and the Mother Superior. The noviceB knelt and craved the blessing of the Mother Superior, and were given the names they were to receive In religion. On reaching the aanotuary they performed the genuflections before the sacrament, .and the Mother Superior and assistants retired to their proper positions, while the postulates knelt in an attitude of devotion. The solemn tones of the organ swelled ont and filled the building with the devotional strains, and the choir aang the grand hymn "O Gloriosa Virgiuum." The Archbishop took his place in the Sanctuary, and after the versiole " Pray for them. Oh Holy Mother of God" he delivered a prayer in Latin. The postulants, who were arrayed in rich white satin dresses with bridal veils and wreathB, were each oonduoted to the altar by the Mother Superior and assistant. They then knelt and reoeived the consecrated taper, after whioh there was a prayer and reception. Father O'Sullivan then preached an earnest sermon npon the subjects of the great sacrifice these young girls were making in giving np kindred, earthly pleasures, worldly goods, hopes, and aspirations for the quiet, deeply disciplined, humble life of a Sister of Mercy. He pointed out that their work was of a most self-sacrificing character. They wonld have to go amongst the poor, tbe diseased, and the dying, to oomfort and assist; and their reward lay in the promise of the Saviour. He contrasted life in the world, with its cares, sorrows, disappointments, seeking aftei riches, and unhealthful ambition, with the peaceful career of a Sister of Mercy, who gave up her will and herself, having no anxieties and no fears for their future. Their lives were spent in the service of the Great Comforter, and their reward was bliBS hereafter. At the conclusion of the sermon the postulants were conducted to the Archbishop and interrogated by him, he asking, " My child, what do you desire?" and they replying, "The mercy of God and the holy habit of religion." Alter satisfactorily answering questions as to whether what they were doing was by their own free will, they were led out, the Archbishop first asking the Mother Superior if she had made the ceceBsary enaniries, and was satisfied. Prayer was offered, and the novioes having put off their secular garb for ever returned in tbe nabit of their Order, and each received a cincture from the hands of the Bishop, the Mother Superior girding them on. The firchbiehop then placed upon their heads the distinctive white veil (the emblem of purity), saying " Reoeive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest follow the Lamb without spot, and mayest walk with Bim in white, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." The novices on their knees were invested with the white cloak and were blessed by the Archbishop. Devotional exercises then followed. The novices having been embraced by the Mother Superior and having embraced the Sisters surrounding took their places amongst the religieuses. After two and a half years' service they take the black veil. It is five years since the first ceremony of taking the white veil was performed here. 