-o Thrre Generations of Enyflishwomen. .tfe moirs and Correspondeire.: of JIrs. Johnl TSodr, JIr..-Saralh Austin, and Lady Daf Gordon. By Janet Ross.. Two vols. (John Murray.) Few among the literary'circles of the present day know anything of the Taylors of Norech. A period of thirty years makes a new epoch. Mrs. ReIs has in these volumes collectel the efrr?spondengo of hcr' mother. grandmacthr, and great grandmother, of remarkable. intellect, strength of character, variety of accomplishments sacial and personal indnence, for the number and names of statesmen, lawyers, men of letters of the highest distinction at home and abroad,, whom they reckoned ameno their. Constant familiar corres p-ondents and their intimate and devoted friends. The indek contains the names of all the movers of thbeghlt and masters of events in the Europe fo these days. The Parent's Cabinet. New edition. Edited by Constance Hill. 6 vols. (1. It. Allen and Co.) The idea of Tic Pdrent's" Cabinet, orizinatesi some fiy years since with Miss Martha Cowper (afterwards MI-rs. Frederic Hill), who propores to some literary friends interested in the mental nod moral training of children that they should together write a juvenile work, comprising tales, travels, biographies, and natural history, with familiar descriptions of the objects which surround children. lThe venerable Maria Ed-ceworth expressed her sym pathy with the project. Not the least of the merits of these books, us 'Miss Edgeworth long since pintedl out, is their entire freedom from -!ang cnd vulgarity-a negative recommendation which unfortunately cannot be ascribed in these days to every book drsi:ual for the entertain mer? and instruction of young readers. Lie€ Grapehic Gilery ofSh-akespceare's leroines (Sac'pp?n Low and Co.) The series of twenty. orce plates comprisel in this sumptuous volume are reproductions of the original paintings from eopper plates by Goupilgravtre, and are very remarkablo examples of the capabilities of that wonderful processe. Brief sketches of the story of each play so far as it concerns the, ideal ?ortra.it of its heroine are furnished by Mr. W. ii. Heeicy. Colloquicv on Prcaching,. By Henry Twells. (Longmaaes.)-Canon Twells has hero hit upon an amndirg and, to some extent, an original mnde of discussing the shortcomings, real and imaginary, of the clergy ih these days. Tihe co!llquies arc none the worse for an occasional tuch of homeour. Old Hodge--who rants to his wife tha.t Rector got Tom Iis place on the railway, for which he "up'd and thanked him " with all Ihis. heart, but sticks to his point that " Rec:or be no better nor an old owl when hIe gets up them stairs"--might furnish Mr. Pinero or Mr. Henry Artlhur Jones with a hint for another peasant sketch in his next comedy. Tie French Stage in theEighterenth Century. (Chapman an-I Hall.)-In the opinion of some careful observers that famous institution the Comelie Franaise,. which still rejoiees in a substantial subsidy from tile State, and is per haps the most French of all French institutions, has seen its best days. Thespirit of competition has invaded its administratiop ; the greed' of, gold has taken p ssession of its most distin-" gaishel associates, and modest shares and half shares are now contrasted with the gains to be derived from starring in the provinces and among the playroing races of the old and oew world. The tcoo volumes now published, though complete in themselves, are substantially a eontinuation of the author's former volumes, which carried the chronicles down to the death of Racine and the ee!se of the seventeenth century. The narrative closes with the dawn of the great fame of T.elsa, who to the English reader is perhaps the most interesting figure of the French stage in the last century. - The Portfolio, edited by Philip Gilbert ll.mertoa. (Seeley and Co.) The present volume, which comprises the monthly issues for the past year, is not behind its predecessors in the interest of its content, or in the variety and quality of its pictures. Among the most im portant items which are promised for the new year are a series of articles on Westminster Abbey iy Mfr. Loftie, with illustrations by Mr. Herbert lilton ; a drawing by Eir Frederick Leighton; a notice of the engravings of Wool lett by lMr. Loais Fagan ; a ri?cs of illustrated articles on Dartmoor by aMr. Alfred Dawson; anal an account of Wo.f, tie distinguished animal painter, by Mr. A. II. Palmer. Life al -Times of (irolsamo Sarnisosla." ].; Plrofessor Pasquale Tillari. Tran.lated by Linda Villa? i. With 'ortraits and lilus trctions. Two vols. (T._ Fisher .Unwin). This is, in forin a3d substance, a new ver sion of the great work 'which, since it was published a quarter of a century ago, has be come a reco2nised classic. In its original shape it was translated by [lr. Leonard Horner. That translation, much read an-1 valued nat that time, is now out of print. Madame 'illari's trans!a tion is entirely new ; it is her own, and to say that is the highest praise. In style it has the grace savn freedom of the original, transfused with masterly case into the English idiom. The results of some recent researches are embodied in the notes, and such ahrid;gments as have been deemed desirable for the English reader have been effected under the careful guidance of the auther. Here, then, we may confidently wel come the Life of Saronarola, which may take its place in the library without fear of being sul.greedesd. Every Men's Own Lawyer. (Crosby, Lock wood and Co.) The new edition of thisuseful lok las been enlarged and Erpplemcnted with references to recent statutes and eases. It is carefolly compiled and brought down toth'e latest date. Thus tlhe provisions of. the new 'atents, Designs, and Trades' Marks Act, which only received the Rtoyal Assent on. the 24th Dec)mbcer last, are duly summarised. In like manner all that is important to be known about the recent important Copyright Act will be found here set forth. The Complete Annual Digqclfor the :Year, ISSS, edited by Mr. Alfred Emden. (W. Clowes and Co.) The Diges renders a valuable serr rice bylshowing, at a glance, where to refer for a fullreport. To S;am and Mlasta intc ie Dole of Sacthecr land's Yeclt Suans IPeur. ly M'rs. Florence Caddy (Hnrst and lacekett). The interest of atr*. Caddy's pleasant and chatty pages is very nuh conceontrated on thle cruis· to Siam. The ,bamcse Government nnd people are very kindly elisposel towardo Englishmen, and are glad to h ve them fcr neighbours,. During the last thiirty years they have made astonishing pro .ress in European notions, and if not so pliant :and receptive as the Japanese, have little of the Jbdurate resistance to Wstern ideas which is ioand in China. The Duke and his party were pletr.di 'ly entertained Iy the Kinog, and nothing cou!d exlced the royal haspitality and kindness in prasiding for the comfort of his guests. The lRoLgue. By WV. I. Norrise. Three vols. (ientley and Son.) Tee Rousce is one of the rEl'al stories of the Teeple Bar Ayugfane, now reopbtiolied in volome form. Theautlor might tave entiehd it "The " cWoy W\e Live Now," for the very iquestionable hero who gives the bhok :s namce is al!on'ed to marry, with a prospeht of liring happily ever after, at the ecd of the third voluoae. This is real life often ennough, and Iresestad to u as it is wnith the skill of Mr. -"rrio, it may become a niee of life suited to tle taste of the readers of fiction. Little .rs,. Murray. By P. C. Phlillip. Two vols. (sounenschein anui Co.) Mr. Phillips hea the Frenchi quality of aentulitd. ilis men and women are resn and women of the day; and, though they are somtimes earieatoures, they are criratures of the living. Ir. Phillips las a true eye for essentials in his picture of is owno age. Ills peronages, as he paints them, osuld have lived at noother tim.. Little Mtrs. [Urrny is a well-bred adrventuress. She is the lady trader' and the lady trader is Vietorian, whaleer els s shei not. Th book is one that most and will be read. The cBl-hshalg Ghost,. By Sarah Tytler, 3 1vols. (Chatto and Windous.) In this story Miss Tytler has brooen new granond. There is an intense scomplexity, as of old-fashioned melo drame, in the plot; and readers who love the 'ystery of circumstance, as distinct from tbc ayetery of motive and charactr, will find it Thre Traoe of the Storm. Bly Dora Russell. Three vole (IHnrst ands Blackett) Novels might be clased aceordingly as the love-making begins in the first volume, in ties Etotd,orOin the third. In this one it blegins in the first cbapter, page 5 thereof, and a first kiss is re gistered on page S. It is enoughS to saythat, in epitelof thO hIccavy diasesgment of theopening elcalters, readers cho like a happy ending niay follo Thlce Tract of ithe Storm wit liope.. The books is Critten with animation, but it shows no enceptianal'poser. - . -. A Taaoeln has bern patented by r.M larry A. Norri, of IIoutlon, Texas :;It is inado 0ith slats, eneh provided at it ends awih tr~ansv~ r e aPetr turn gh ruu hihch p.oe s af.S" ".ordtS'hlie forht1dlogthe sbatatoe~e0her, also?t. alaiiemeek designed to b?e shiple and durable aitd yielding to the motion of the body. 