.: WALNDEI fINGS .ýý asr " FIROM BILttLOLtI RtTO ThUNO-W ' ·-' I went On board the stonmer)Yuchang. at 11 o'clock,at night, as lhe ?las supposed to leave Slmrnghla for Tieto'iu very early the following morning. It wet it night, of sweet oreflection. The rattle and clatter of a ste.m itintgh loading carg6 the thlhds of the ntrgo itself Its it woas dropped on' the deck, and the peculiar 'cries 'of the coolies-for withlout n0om curious sing-song no Alattie scanms to be able to't wor-mnado a very ledlam of slcopmurdterh g nois.ad. In'tlie morninig we steoimed down the W,oonqnig Rivur, entered thie brioad estuary of the Yuig-ts,--e I?itang, atd were sZiaIt in tie blue'ocotu Ilorlth. wirdis bound. Tilher are some piarts of rthi coast still so Snvags orinti-foreignII that it would be death to'ship-wrecked maricers to be cast upou'toem. 'ie following day we lrrived it Chaofte, the favourite watering-place in China four Eutri ans. Iris the most eharmitng coast tovn of itny, I saw, with soime hood prccipices on the other side of thei bay, nd numetrs of ?ery striking maisyles standing off some dictanco from tile maintland. In the oafternoon we rounded a irecipitouis .ip. and were in the Gulf . of tPe.e-i.-li. or Pee- rhte-le,. Up to this timeo we had had ia fair weather pwstage, but during the evening a chango took plate, and between O iund 11 o'clock we had what t may term a storm squall. The wind suddeIly rose ilto a gile, the water caine tumblihng over tihe forelirt of the steamer until at . length I thought we were about to expori enceait typhoon. About 11 o'clock the tumult ceased ais suddenly as it had beguln, anud in a abort time we were in comparatively smooth water again. The early morning saw us off the Taku bar. .Then I had a new exprerience. In nill my steamnr-travelling up to that time-I haid been accustomed to get into some harbour, or run alongside some pier,. to discharge either p:s. sengers or cargo, but on this occasion the steamer dropped anchor, atnd proceeded to un: load about half her cargo Into barges, rolling and tunblititr about meanwhile, in order to so lighten herself as to be able to get over the bar. In about eight hours we were roady, and the W\uchang went ahead. In a minute or two there came the curious grating sound which proclaimed we were on the sand, anud the vessel seemed to slhiver as shte ploughed through it. Sometimes we almnost stopped, and theot was great excitement on board, for that might mean our lyiu on the bar for twenty-four hours; but he mightv power of steam wais not to be deniedl,anil slowly but surely we pushed our way ahead until it almost appeared as if with a laep our steatter surmounted the last ridge of saud,and we were in the free water of the Pei-ho River. The greater part of the gulf of Pe-chi.li is extremely shallow towards the shore, and slopes so gently that as the captain stated it, " You might put oi a full head of steam, let every mant go to sleep,and the vessel would run on ahtore so gradually tlmt none of them would ho awakened by it." Perlhaps there's a little trille of imagination in that statemont, but the real meaning of it is that running ushore would mean no danger, except in astorm. Once on the eci-ho a few tminutes brouglht us opposito the famousTaku Forts. These are said to be imo. monsely strong now, but the impression left on myi mind wits that they tare still very Cdntose. Nevertholeoss, I take it the duys of Proench iuid British fleets sailing up the Pehototo hand troops for the attackof Pekii are past and gone. The bar at the entrance will stop the ironclads, atnd modern mines and torpedoes will effectually prevent another naval promenade to Tientsin. At first the P-ito is broad and tolerably straight, but it would be inpossiblo to convey to the mitnd of the reader the character of tihe stream us we progressed onwards. To say it was twistoed or tortuous is to use language conveying no adequate idea of the extraordinary contortions of the extraordinary, Peil-ho. Whit those indiarubber gentlemen who tie themselves into all sorts of amneitiit knots are among performers is this sinuous, snaky streatm amlonm rivers. There are also manifold sandbanks anla spits to be avoided, and sudden currents to be wrestled with, so that nearly every- tihe a steamer goes up or dowit site either slices off a bit of one of the villages which crowd on the banks, and has to pay damages, or ruts oil a sandbank and lies there, occasionally a couple of days at a time, lashing and churning with her screw until sihe wriggles off somohow. Now and then ia junk is cutdown ansd has to be paid for, so that it can easily be understood with what feelings the averoge canptain regards the Pei-ho. The troubles of theo soft-spoken navigators, however, came to an end, and at Iast we reached Tient sin-one of the dreariest places, I should imagine, in the Chinese empire. Flat, unin teresting-the European part tame and common. place, the Chinese part unusually dirty andi squalid-it is one of the last places in China I would desire to live in. Yet-so wonderfully is this world full of compensations-they told me Tientsin is one of the liveliest places in thi north of China for. "society," especially dtiuring the winter months. I hope it is so, anlt that the good people there are not deluding tlhemselvcs or their visitors. They deserve manoy joys to make up for their most unpictur. esque and dreary town. About a fortnimght before I arrived there had been great excitement among the Chinese ons account of some ridiculous story being circu. lated about tihe Fretclh missionaries Ihaving kid. napped a child, and it was feared for a time that there was a possibility of a renewal of the rioting which took place a few years ato wshen the Catlholic Cathedral wats destroyed and a number of priests and nuns murdered-an episode still known as the Tientsin massacre. 'Tlero wasat very uncomfortable feeling existing, in the minds of the Europeans, and it is astonishing how quickly tihe contagion of this semi-panic can spread. All fears proved to be groundless,, buit they were entirely natural. The ruins of the Catholic cathedral stand at the endof the town--a grim memorial of the past and a frowning remiinder for the future. rhe people who have lived in tlheeo pauts for years get to be botlh careless antd callous about ttheso alarms, and in a sense to lose their sense of due proportion as to danger. The tow arrival, on the other hand, may think ftr too much of rumours and excitements, until, after a while, heo also gets case- hardened. Itis well that it is so, for otherwise life would be intolerable. Tientsin is proud, or should be, in the pos session of one of the ablest edited journals it China, the Ciiiess aaisme. It is a small paper, but of great literary merit, and performs the very soneful fuuctiotn, among other things, of translating the contents of the Pekin official .journal in which tire lublished the ordinances aid State papers of the Government. I read with the greatest interest -the memorial of Li|l.ung-Chang, in which hoe set forth the reasons why the railway from Taku to Poekin ought to be cosatructod. Many were given, but the chief one was the necessity of a railway in case of war. Six months lateron, Imetayoung Enhglish engiteer going out to take part m the eonstructiont'of tihe lite. and tihe works wsre actually commeinced.. Since then I saw the works had been stopped, antd I have not sceen yet whether they were reconmenced. But it mstters little swhether they have been stopped because of the triumph of tihe anti-foreign party, or from want of funds, or in deference to iopulur feelings or superstitions. Chitnacansiot hold back, andtt will be pushcd ott, if she domu'not willingly walk on, in tht ways of mnodern progress. It is curious to rollect uponbut the ehief obstacle to railways in China at present ja the feelinmgofprsfound roverence forthe aotcctrel graves. It helps me a little to understaneu the Chinamas's frameno of mitnd on this subject when I remember my oown horror some years ago at oacIiag oat of the Enigliolh raihiacs. rutmhg right through a ehurchy?maid. It apl peared to tme a frightful desecration, and with me it was a mere sentiment. oHow much strouger must it bn to the Chinese mind ihion it is not only a matterof seittimeitt but a matter of religion. Tihe average Chinaman regards the desecration of tie graves of the dead as sometlhig horrible in itself, and owhich may bo oveit a stroiger feeliig) as certain to let looso the ghosts of the disturbed dead, who will wreal vengeatce upon him. But I fancy modern ideas have made great say among the ci liglhteited met at Pekib. Many of tlhemn hlavo travelled in Europe, ianid have taoted the joys of irst- class carriages, so that it will be sur. prising if they csnneot find sotna ingeliouis thleory to expin awray the ghost dlifficulty. ?Eveu such artless, htigh-uiidled, and Chiriothin peolas we are itisve ocinsiotnanhy to Ihold a caIdle to his Soatieo moajety ond it will le wonderful indeed if time icly aid heathitn Chitee does niot better our example when necessity compels.o The introduction of tihe telogegraph w,?as resisted at first on accouit of its slupposed interference with the Fung-sghui that singtular superstition to swhich I raetrred in a previous paper-and wshim I was in Pekin nows camen that the inhabitants of a portion.of thie counttry about 700i. miles south-west of Pekin had opposed the makinlg of thIe line Iand torn down the poles. ThIe Chiere Government oent troos ialto the district, ntd argued the qutestiontn that convintcing fashion. Oflicial opposition to the telegraph has prmctically ceseod, und there are snosw 3,089 miles of line thromighot Colihia, 'oiecting the ,root cities sith Pki? oaid tho coast. Vhat makes nthi opposltion t tIme railway from Tiontsin to .1 ekin tiore retntrk. hble is tlhet theor already is a small hlue from Permg id Taku to Tietmsin, altogethler about ightytix illes. The gron difficulty must avonn overcome in thlis line, for alt North China resesnbles a great gr.tye-yaird,' and It will1 {bodusly ii r mster sfi timeo till- the'smoe difficil ties areb o-di;rcbie;not only in getting to Pekin, but Ifipll the' great provinlces of tho' empire. China'wllthllon, with railways, steamers, and thd'teleoraph, have fairly taken posoesslon of the material benefits of westerh civilisationand grafted them on to'ier ownTorm of civilisation. Vill theresult be so'gloriously beneficial as we :Europeans placidly assume ? The Chinese Go= vernment will be stronger then to put down rebellionis;thait ever it has been, 'for it will ba'ublo to send troops swiftly to any point of didturbtnc. It will be abloe to cope with famine better,' and so keep more Chinamon alive. The task of colonisations will become easier in the Dparsely-peopled parts of the empire, ind so the vast numbers of tie present will be added to. If it is needed to move troops quickly to the seaboard tQ defend the country against the invading fleets of Europe, that can then be quickly done. In a word. rsilwavyswill make Chin nm:enselv po'werful for defence. will thicken her already dense population, and luake her tmulch lmore of as mltenace to other nations than she is sow. Earlyon a Mfonday morning I loft Tientsin for P'ukin. The distatee by road is eighty. eight miles, and bty tils Pei-ho River and '!in . chow 610 miles. There are three wavra of travelling - on horseback, by whiich the distance can be covered int a couple of days, though some claim to have done it in osie day ; by cart taling two days, and by water sail to take two atnd a half or thlree dlays. I like a ride occasionally, not too fasr, and not too hard. I dismissed, therefore, all thoughts of riditig, and a mere glance at the sltriglees carts was sufficiently convincing to settle that question. I arranged for the Customt lsouse. boat, and duly started, having with me a Chinese " boy" as guide, interpreter, and cook. " Boy ' is the generic trm all over the East for a servant, and its sab surdity . may be seen int the fact that my boy in India was nearly old enough- to be tny father, and this boy now accompanying me to Pekin stood over Oft., and'was w ithout exception the fitest specimen of Chinese manhood I over ut zmy eyes upon. Ris virtues, Ihowever, ended with Iais ,hysiqloe, but I will not pour out my grievances,. as I regard details about guides as very small 'beer to chronicle. Much as I had been impressed with the river boats and junks of other parts of China, all I had seen before seemed trivial, as compared with the vastr aggregation of junks at Tientsin. The junks front the south, bringing the rico tribute, were up in large numbers, anti the result was a ilost remarkable spectacle. Fort distance, I should suppose, of between two and three miles the river was literally covered with junks, with only a narrow passage between. In the di.. taneo the long, twisting line of mastt gave s very sisngular effect. Weo poled and towed our wray past the jttnks by slow degrees, and I admiredl the skill tli men shosed in getting their tow-line away from all sorts of obstacles. The junks were lying sometimes six deep from the bank on the oe one side and twelve deep on the other. Every kind and samnple of junk was to be seeon; square-stetrmed, Ihigh= pooped, low.bellied, one mast. live masts--queer. shaped lnaval monstrosities, ina word, of every sort and condition. About midday we got beyond the junks, and were in the opesn waters of the river. It wo a rnotable experience, but I was destined to another almost equally, noiteblo. 'Tit wind had boon getting up, but in the shelter of the juntks we sad not felt it. iNVow tiat we got out more into the open, . we discovered a whole gale of wind was blowing. It grew stronger and stronger until it broke our towr-lines, att no further progress could be made. Thent I witnessed a North China dust storm, and it was a dust storm in very truth. Tihe fiercest Melbourne brickfllder that ever blow is insilgnificant compared with the dense clouds of matter which blow along those Tieltsin plains, accompanied by a bitter piiercing cold wuld. Our boathouse lay to, andt by badluck right up against one of the worst gatrbage seaps on tCe river. I mt not much troubled about fevers and diseases, and so I closed my twindoVws, got a lire lighted, tand made myself as comfortable as the circumstances would permit, although the smells were some* times of great strength. Tihe gale lasted all that afternoon and night, but in tihe early morsing of next day we got away. I need not enter into details of tthe journey; suffico it to say that it took four days to get to Tung Chow, so much were we bothered withhlead winds and getting aground owing to the shallowness of the river. The country as a whole seemed fertile; but there were satndy portions here and there of very desert-like appearance. One of the standing jokes of the journey .as to see the towline break asnd the coolies, who were pulling it, go promptly on their faces. Tiso mets on board tlways laughed joyously at the spectacle; but, as the rope broke frequently, the laughs were turn and turn about. At last, as the evening of the fourth day was drawing on, the immense pagoda of the city of Tung Chow rose in aight, and in about a couple of hours we were moored to the bank among a largo ustmber of other house boats. It was anything but delectable company, and I Ihad an unquiet night owing to the noises round about me. In the momring I engaged nu cart and started for Pekln, a dliatance of about eleven miles by road. 