UNCLE EDEN'S GHOST. " I hope I don't intrude," said the Menagerie Man. Supper was just ready at Valley Farm. Savory fried ham, each brown slice topped off by the golden spbererf an egc, fresh crullers, apple sauce and new breKfl; and the family, comfortably.iseated, sbred -vptth .all ^eir^eyesjM the Jtal'i gaubt Sio«mau tame^in, bringing •pnfejn Jrosty niElit air with Bk;" '.-"• ' -,' ^ ' •If "Set bj,_«toinger," set by,? Jonathan 'Crofton.'whov^aregnlarArabin^intpfh^ Iiitality, and Vonld hare! invited: Beelzebub himself to snpptrif that mnch vilified personage had chanced to pass by at a mealtime. *"" 'Take a bite 1" Not as I want's to beg," said the Menagerie Man, apologetictUy. "I pays my way whereever I goe». It aint as I'm poor, ladies and gentlemen," with a comprehensive obeisance aronnd the board. "Bat them taverns does charge so like the Old Horry, and no man likes to be swindled.'' " Bless me," said Mrs. Crofton, who had risen to get an extra cup and sancer, " if it aint the -fumy chap as -we saw- at -the circns, as ran a race with the' monkey and cracked peanuts with his head insidei the tiger's mouth. " "The werysame, maW," said tbe stranger," 11 bisgrim visace relaxing into a Mnile. t»e% the ladies .alone for finding out anything, bless their dear hearts! Tes'm, I'm the chip. • Signor Recaido Lesiardi, ma'am, at yourservice.. Born the State of Maine, and baptized Azariah Blacki And if yon hain't no objections to it, ma'am, Til be gladto lodge here to-night' We're on the move, ma'am, me andthe menagerie. And I've hired Squire Donnison'sbirn to lock npthe -crectme in, find we^rc calculatin' to jog -on tomorrow moram* at three o'clock, so -aathe farm hands and little boys along the road sliaVt get a gratis view of the wild animals.'' : "You're welcome, stranger—you're welcome," said Mr. Grafton, regarding his visitor not without a certain'awe; for thA man who was familiar with .tigers, and handled leopards and panthers like so many.tame cats, mast sorely be different from the rest of thehuman race; and the Menagerie Man ate and drank with an appetite which gratified Mis. Crofton's housewifely pride in no common decree. : " Tours is aqucer trade, stranger," the farmer observed, over his after-sup per pipe. "It is queer,"assented Mr. Lesiardi -BlajcV, staring meditatively into the fire. "But then, the whole world is queer, aint it, now S" . • " Maybe, maybe," granted Mr. Crofton. " I was brung np .a carpenter," said the Menagerie Man; " but ..somehow me and the hammer couldn't never agree. Then I .tried the travelling grocery business, and lost money in it; and then one evenmg I Sipped np a penny whether I should go and drown myself in the canal-or go to tbe circus. Tails won, and I knotted that night as Fd discovered the problem of my destiny. I engaged with the circus, and I've stack to it ever since, and nor I'm bos? of the whole concern." -• "Make much money at it, eh?" said the fanner. "Bless you, sir—yes. And lose too," said the Menagerie Man," with a good-humoured shrug of the shoulders. "There's downs as weill as ups in the world, take it bow you will It's the best way to take things easy." " That's just what I always said to my uncle Eben,"saidMr. Crofton,with astentorian sigb. "But be couldn't see it In tbat light, somehow. He lost a'deal of money in Western lands, and he cut his throat" "Do tell!" said tbo Menagerie.Man. ' 1 You may have passed the lionec, a half-mile orso down tbe glen,™ said Mr. Crofton. "An old, one- stoiyredhousewithabig chimney-stack and a lot of lilook bushes grpwin' at the kitchen door." ''And a grove o' pioes hack on't," nodded the Menagerie Alan. " Bless your -heart, • yes, I passed it, and a queer-looking place it was, with the trees a creekin' -and a-groanin' in the wind, .and a strange dog a-howlin' on the doorstep. "It's got a bad name tbrongh the country side," said Mr. Crofton, dejectedly. "Eh 1 ' said the Menagerie Man, opening his eyes. " Sot—haunted!" "Haunted,"nodded Mrs. Crofton. "Folks docs say as the ghost tramps up and down the rooms and looks ont o' winder of moony nights. I never seen him myself, bnt " " It's all nonsense, Jonathan,*' interposed bis wife, briskly. " There aint notbin' as a pack of fools won't say, if once they gives their mind to it. And Charley Stoker^ as married our eldest gal, has leased the house, and is goin' to move in it-next week.; ghost or no ghost 1" .. " Not with • my advice," said Mr. Grofton, gloomily. .. . . " And Charles and Jemima tieyTi be sorry for - i it, mark my words," added the farmer. "I don't believe a word of it," said Mrs. Crofton, briskly. " We never had nothing to do with ghosts in our line of business," said the Menagerie Man, thoughtfully. " And I haven't looked into the question much myself. Bntf oiks does tell queer stories 1" " Our Jemima and her husband always was foolhardy," remarked the farmer. "I advised 'cm to let the liannted bonse alone. c Don't meddle with the supernatural,-children,' says I. Bot Charley, says "he : TH risk the ghosts, fatlier-ia-law! 1 And Jemima,.-tayB she; 'I always was more feared of live folks than dead ones!' Well, I only hope they won't repent it, that's all. Because -" ' - The sentence was yet unfinished On Farmer Crofton's lips, when there was a sound of hurrying footsteps on the threshold without; the door was burst open, and a handsome^ dark- : eyed girl, with a shawl tied round her head, and a face as pale as ashes, rushed into the room, followed by a - stalwart young man of "three or four- and-twenty, as breathless as herself. "It's Jemima," said Mrs. Crofton, starting np. "It's Charley Stoker!" cried Mr..Crofton, dropping his pipe on the hearthstone. The Menagerie Man said nothing, bnt stared as if his whole p;r.onalitj had resolved itself into a pair of eyes. Tretty Jemima threw herself into hermotber's arms, and burst into hysteric sobs.' *• What is it, my dear *said Mrs. Crofton, soothingly. "Speak to me!" "Oh mother!" shrieked;Jemima, "it's the ghost! " " The—witch}" said Mrs. Crofton.' "Oh ! oh ! it's Uncle Eben's ghost 1 Oh ! oh ! oh !" bewailed Jemima, "I unlocked the front door and walked light in. upon it, sitting by tbe fireplace just as he used to sit when he was bad w ith the rheumatism, all wrapped in a .shaggy bla^k coat!" " I never would ha' believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes," said Mr. Stoker, looting blankly at the assembled group. " It's of no use talking, I shall have to sell the lease of tbe house for what I get can for it. Jemima will never go thereto live, and J wouldn't if sbe wou'd." "A ghost, eh i " said the Menagerie Man. I saw it myself," asserted Mr. Stoker. "Blade and ehaegy, eh I" Mr. Stoker nodded. . " The old man used to wear just such a coat in winter weather," said he. " I've seen it a hundred times." Well," said .the Menagerie Man, ..slowly, breaking into a smile;' " I guess you'd better hold on to your lease, Squire.; I'll bet a good "mimycookcys as yon won't' be troubled by no ghosts.' Because the black and shaggy gentleman as give you such a fright was-iny bear'l 31 "Tour—bear !" said Mr. Stoker. " Tes"," nodded the Menagerie Man. " Ho's quarrelsome, yon see, .and I can't never take no .comfort if I shut him np with the other creetars. S.o arter I'd Jockcd up the others in -Squire DenniFon's big stone-barn, I jnst led Bruin along till 1 came to this ere place, where I calculated I shouldn't disturb nobody. And I-let him in, peaceable like, at the back door; Andif you and this here young -cman wasn't particular about shutting the door, I gueis I'd better look inter him, for he likes a breath of fresh air, Bniin does, as wisfl as any Christian." jemima looked at her "husband! Mr. Stoker burst into a laugh.- Mts. : Crofton joined in it. And the farmer rubbed bis nose with a puzzled air.-" / -.. . . -••^' : Let?sgohaek andfind our lantern, Jemimy," said tiie young husband. . / "--'• 'f-And -ITl go along, too,'.' raid the" elder » :-whoia his.secret heart wasrather disappointed that Uncle fiben'e-ghost had turned ont to he -noghost-atalL ••••• ':.<.- ; ,'.-.; . -.--^The^ Menagerie M"nn^ ifonnd "Brnin <arefully investigating a hen roosejat nb great distance, .and'cbaine'l him np in anbonocenpied "stable- •belonging to theflroftons. sCbarieyiand Jemima *e-lighted their Jantem tmd:; prosecuted, their joriginal.initentaon of measuring the floor for some ^home-made -rag carpeting, and then they all ..went .back and spent ?the -evening at the Crofton farm-louse . - - Ani from that day to this no ^hostlv shadow has £vsr crossed the threshold of pretty Jemima's home. . And when the little children totter np the.road to the old farm, and say: "Grand- manima, tell ns a ghost stoiy," the old )ady 