NEWS OF THE BAY. Tho Cabinet met yesterday, mid finally dealt with the tariff proposals submitted by tho Com missioner of Customs for incorporation in the Treasurer's financial statement. The finishing touches woro also given to tho estimates, and all necessary returns having now come to hand Mr. Gillies states lie will bo in a position to deliver his budget speech in the Legislative Assembly on Tuosday next. Mr. Gillies is in receipt of n communication from Mr. .T Mansergli, O.E., of London, who lias beon commissioned to visit Melbourne anil report upon tho best system of sewerngo for tho metropolis of Victoria. Mr. Mnnsergh has agreed to accept a fco of £4000 and travelling expenses for himself and son, and ho will re main eight Week's in tho colony, instead of six ns originally proposed. Ho also intimates his readiness to cxamino and report npon uny other schemes of drainago for inland towns, but if further reports 011 any other district than that of tho metropolis should be required after his roturn to Loudon theso arc to be subject to frosh agreement or tho usunl fees. Mr. Mansergli is to leave London for Victoria next month. Mr. Deakin lins had under consideration the report of tho elections nnd qualifications com- mitteo of the Legislative Assembly, drawing attention to tho irregularities which took place in tho recent election at AVilliarastown, where tho polling resulted in favor of Mr. IV. t. Carter. Tho committee, however, declared the election void, in consequence of the gross irregulnrities at the polling, ns disclosed by. the evidenco given before them. Mr. Deakin has inquired into the natnro of theso irregularitiei nnd ascertained that thoy did not arise out of any action taken by the officers of tho Chief Secretary's department, but wero solely atlribut- able to thocarclessmnnncrin which theratepayera' rolls had been compiled, in some instances the Christian name of voters being omitted. It also transpires that ono of tho deputy returning officers exceeded his functions in an extra- ordinary manner, by adding a name to tho rolls which had been omitted. The Chief Secretary is of opinion that somo of tho irregularities were to some oxtcnt unavoidable, beariug in mind tho circumstances under which tho last rolls wero prcparod, and tho demnnds made upon return ing officers to acquaint themselves with the arrangements brought into force for tho first timo under the new Electoral Act. Hut the action of the deputy returning officer who tampered with the printed rolls on the day of election is to receive further consideration. The president of the-Ccntral hoard of Health announces that tho new regulations adopted ty the board for tho prevention of fires in theatres, hotels and other public buildings in tho metro polis are now to be strictly enforced. These regie lations have boon in operation for a month, but 110 attempt has yet been made to enforci them. It is thought, however, that ample opportunity has beon given for owners of pro- porty to fnmiliariso themselves with the regula- tions, nnd they arc now to bo asked to carry into effect the additional safeguards which tl is Central Board consider necessary against fire. The Minister of Public Instruction has ap proved of tho following redistribution of school districts among the staff of inspectors attached to tho department For St. Kildn and South Melbourne, Mr. A. C. Curlews ; Prnhran add Port Melbourne, Mr. J. Dennant; Richmond, Hawthorn and Yarra Valley, Mr. IV. IB. Gamble; Collingwood, Clifton Hill, Fitaroy, Mr. S. Summons; Molbonrnc, Mr. C. Tynon; IVest Melbourne and Footscrny, Sir. ,L Hol land; Bnllnrat Mo. 1, Sir. J. Sliolton ; Goelong, Sir. R. Philp; Castlemaine, Sir. R. R. Rus- soil; Sandhurst, No. 1 district, Sir. S. 'Ware ; Ballarat No. 2, Sir. J. Robertson ; Slaty- borough, SL. F. H. Rennick ; SnndhusnA No. 2, Sir. C. If. Campbell ; "\Voodoud, Sir. F. Q. Eddy; Beeehworth, Str. H. F. Rix ; Wamrnunbool, Sir. P. Cnrmichncl ; Stawell, Sir. A. .Tnckson; Sheppnrton, Sir. A. Dean ; Sale, Sir. W. Hamil ton ; Hamilton, Sir. D. SL Roche ; Benalln, JIiv A. Fussell ; Portland, Sir. A. J. Hart ; Hor sham, Sir. "IV. A. Cnvnnngh ; AVarrngul, Jfr. f. \r nAit,UA,..i nr. r ta . i . AJULUlVyiU Afi.1. tf AZla JjUtllg 1111.1 OVCR " flji pointed relieving inspector. The Government Statist has issnoil' the vital statistics of Slelbourno and suburbs for the month of Juno, which Rltow that tho births of 1348 children, viz., 691 hoys nnd 657 gi-li, were registered during the month. In Stay 1513 births wore registered, or 165 more than in tho month under review. Tho births were 354 ahovo the average of tho month during the previous 10 yoars, but only 19 above tlmt averngo, if allowance bo made for the increase of population. The deaths registered in June numbered 686, viz., 384 of males and 502 of females ; the births thus exceeded the deaths hy 662, or 96 per cent. Tho deaths were fewer tlulii tlioso in Slay by 168, but above iln average of Juno during tho previous 10 years b/ i 196\. If, however, allowance bo made for thu. increase of population,, thoy will lie found 'to have exceeded that averago by only 31. To 1 every 1000 of the population of the clistri iff, the J proportion of births registered was 3.08, nnd of deaths registered 1.57. Tho highest temperature ' in the shade recorded at Sfclhourno Observnioey during tho month was 65.0 deg. on tho 2nd, and tho lowest was 37.6 deg. 011 the 27th. The mean temperature of the month (52.5 deg.) was slightly below tho average. Tho greatest ranee of tho thermometer in any ono day (17.6 deg!) took place on tho 5th. Rnin fell on lLdays/thn amount of rainfall being 2.78 inches. The average rainfall in June during the previous 10 i years was 1.90 inches, or 0.88 inch less than in 1 the month under notice. Fog occurred on fotiir days during the month. Stales contributed S6. per cent., and females 44 per cent., to flic mortality of tile month. Children under £ years of age contributed 37 por cent-, to that j mortality, as against 34 per cent, in 1888. j The construction of the railway lino from; ; Fitzroy to IVhittlcsea has, in common with: othor new lines in course of construction iv j various parts of tbc colony, been retarded, f to a groat extent by the recent wctweatheri ' "Where cuttings required to be made ow'.l i embaulanonts built up tho ground beenmo « soft that it was impossiblo for dray work th he carried on. The whole of tho earthworks have been completed as far as Preston, and fair progress is being inado in laying down the permanent way. Sir. Francis, traffic manager, went over the lino as far as Preston on Thursday, with a view of reporting to the Rail way Commissioners tho amount of progress made in constructing it. As far as can bo seen at tho present moment three months will elapse before the line will be available for trtdtic ho- j tween Fitzroy and Preston. ! Sir. AVyatt, P.SL, who has attained the ate ; at which officers under the Public S twice Art | aro required to retire from the service, will . i vacate Ills position as a stipendiary magistrate i 011 tho 31st August. Tho appointment of his ' successor lias been under tho consideration of ; the Government, and it is understood that Dr. Bride, LL.D., librarian of tho Public Library, r will be asked to accept the position. The notion of the Commissioner of 'Trail ; and Customs in calling the attention of the Chief Inspector of Police to the evils attemfuig tho system of crimping carried on at I'ort Mrl bourne and AVUliamstown has resulted i a Mr. Chomley issuing orders to the police officers ic charge of those suburbs to exorcise tho utmost ' vigilanco in keeping tho practise witliiu reasonable bounds. Hitherto it has been carried on without tho slightest inter- ferenoo on tho part of tho police, which accounts in a great measure for the evil he- ; coming so rampant as to evoko a strong protest from tho members of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce. Tho Seamen's Union is disposed to aid the Customs authorities, and thero is every probability that n deputation from that body will interview Mr. Patterson on the j snbjcot. Tho Minister of Public Works lias decided tc : hnvo tests of tho Yan Yean water made by two j experts. Samples hnvo beon forwarded to ; Professor Katz, of Sydney, but tho Minister thinks it will bo more satisfactory if tho services of a second analytical chemist arc secured to examine other samples of tho water, in order to give the investigation a more completo and oxhnustivo character. But considerable difficulty is experienced in selecting an analytical chemist j possessed of the necessary knowledge 0 j bacteriology. Tho giant diamond drill recently imported Ifl" ; the Mining department from America has been forwarded to Coalville, near Nnrracau, and was : yesterday started in boring for coal. The drill , is capable of boring to a dopth of 3000 feet, and ! it is tho opinion of tlioso well acquainted sviu> the geological formation of tl 0 Narrncnn Valley that payable . coal deposits will be discovered >a i it if boring be conduoted systematically to a depth of at least 2000 feet. The Marine Board yesterday afternoon re- ended one of its regulations dealing with the appointment of pilots. It was felt thnt the milatlons nnduiy restricted the field from w'dcli a choice could bo rriado when n new pilot wis required, inasmuch as preference would bo iv-n to applicants who wore nblo to submit documentary evidence of recent anil lengthened srrvico as master of a square- rigged sailing vsil or of a seagoing steamer, and many men ivlio were thoroughly qualified, but who perhaps did not possess evidence of recent service or of having cominnndod tlio class of vessel referred to wero shut out. A motion wns also submitted d-ilinjj with the paucity in the number of pilots, ml recommending that additional mon bo q pointcd. It was carried almost without dis- irvon, and it wns subsequently decided to mite applications for two additional pilots. Vacancies for bend teachers mid assistants in the Kdiicntion department nro announced as under Wnlhall, Timor, Mtmdoona, North Conck, Lang Lang North, Melbourne, Collirig- irood, Ecliucn, Carlton and South Mel bourne. ' la the Gazette published last evening the fol lowing appointments nre notified : — J. F. Aloly- ncix, to be acting health officer for the port of Melbourne ; C. P. Moreton, to be junior medical rtl'ccr, Hospital for the Insano; J. It. M. Thomson, to be public vaccinator, Essetidon ; T. M Hoivden, to be assistant engineer of water -apply ! 'f- L". Eedgen, to bo deputy registrar of births and deaths at Ninyouuook, and E. AV. Cooper at Preston ; C. Cool;, to bo electoral ,""istrar nt Jeetbo, and It. T. Eawo nt Fitzroy f Taylor, to be returning ofiicoT for the sohool listrict of Loigli, CI. Grant at Buln Uulii, I Anderson nt Romsey, AV. H. Morgan at Avon, J. AAA AVohb at Gisborne. Tlio follow- in" are appointed members of school boards of vlvice A. Black, H. Cameron, K. Horan, R. Meed and «T. At'Intyre, Atount Rouse board; IV Brown, J. Way, C. G. Gardiner, .1. G. jjray and AV. G. Thiirmnn, for AVanuon board ; P Higgins, for Dundas board ; and J. Best, for Portland board. Tlio annual meeting of subscribers to tho funds of the Alfred Hospital wn3 hold yesterday afternoon in the Assembly Hall, Collins-street ; Mr K.L.J. EllerjyC.JI.O., presiding. 'Tlio report of the managers 011 tlio year's work Muted that tho total number of cases treated wa« 4637, and of 1612 in-patients 1271 had been discharged cured or relieved anil 223 had died, 'flic report complimented' tlio members of the Muff on the intrepidity shown at tlio fire in the west pavilion of the hospital in December last, - and acknowledged with thanks n sum of £500 itom Sir AV. J. Clarke and a similar amount irom the executors of tlio Into Sir. T. J. Sumner, besides £1000 raised by special subscriptions, to meet tho expenses caused by the fire, Ac. Reference wns also rude to the establishment of tlio municipal fwer camp, and it appeared that during the four months of its use 90 porsons from the Brighton, Malvern, Port Melbourne, Prahrnii and St- Kilda boroughs had been treated therein. Mr. 0\. Buzzard and Captain C. B. Payne had rvugned their positions as managers, and Mr. D. tinlayson bad been appointed in succession to .lie former, whilst Mr. R. C. Norman had racceeded Air. J. F. Anderson as secretary md superintendent. The expenditure had -weeded thnt of tho previous year by nearly £2000, caused chiofly by tho fire, the increase in she out patients and the higher price of provi sions. The report having boon adopted, it was lauded to call a special meeting of subscribers to consider whether a corporation or other pub lic body contributing £20 to the institution should have the power to nominato one of its number as a life contributor. The election of Air. Finlayson was confirmed, and Afr. Robt. Cochrane was chosen to succeed Capt. Payno ; tho five retiring managers, Afessrs. J. Thomson, 1\. Alston, A. Jack, G. Young and F. Peppin, being also re-elected. Tlio Presbyterian Church of Viotoria an nounces a series of meetings in connection with its jubilee celebrations. The first of tho gather ings will take the form of a conversazione and looeption of visitors, and will bo held on Tues day evening in tlio Town Hall. Sir .James MiwEain will preside, and addresses will bo Mivoted by Principal Rainy and tho Rev. Dr. MaeGregor. Tlio meetings will bo continued on »c)i day until tho 8th prox., and on 1st lujilst— the jubilee day— addresses by deputies /rem other colonics will bo delivered in tlio Assembly Hall at 2 p.m., and at 7.30 p. in. the ame day tlio jubilee fund report will bo pre sented at a meeting in the Town Hull, which will lie addressed by Principal Rainy and the Lev. Dr. AfaoGregor. Return tickets at holiday .ucunion fares will be issued at all country nations to Alelbonrno on the 30th inst., avuil- ibie for return for 12 days. An employer's liability case came before the ;uli Court yesterday on points reserved. Thomas Mahoucy sued Alessrs. Buillic, Davies mil AVishart in the Supremo Court recently for Linages sustained whilst lie wns employed as a aborer for the defendants oh their contract in .vmicction with thcAVatts River aqueduct. Some tunnelling operations were being carried on in March, 1888, and a large mass of rook and earth fell from tho roof of tlio tunnel awn the plaiqtiff, breaking his right log nnd anting him other injuries. The easo was tried teforo Mr. Justice AVilliams and a jury of six. Maintiff's damages were assessed nt £276 8s., subject to points reserved. Their Honors found that tlio defendants wero not liable for the negligence of tho ganger Afitohell in the performance of liis duties, nnd thnt plaintiff could not recover in view u. the finding that lie continued working in the tunnel, knowing the dangerous character of tlio work and the nsk lie ran. The jury lind found that plaintilf nas guilty of negligence in not tapping tho stone, but tlioy could not say that he could havo molded the accident. The Inst finding in tiieir llonois' opinion would not prevent tho plaintiff ncovoring. Dr. Alndden nnd Atr. Shiels ap peared for the plaintiffs, nnd Air. Hood and Air. Mitchell for the defendants. . An order made by the Prahran justices in April last wns reviewed by tho Full Court yes- tctday. F. AVeilando had contracted to build a bouse for Airs. Gnstcrstadt, at Spottiswoodo. Before it was completed the house was almost "wholly destroyed by fire, and AVeilando sued to recover the material that remained standing. Defendant in answer, produced tho con tract, which provided that until the contract bad been peformed, all material brought upon the ground should bo the property of tho employer. Eotli parties had insured tbo house, . and complainant had been paid £190 on account oflus loss, in addition to £230 he had received from defendant in progress payments on his work. The justices held that the firo puc an end to the contract, and ordered defendant to „>iv up the material or pay its value, £49 19s. flair Honors ruled that the justices' decision wa.. erroneous in point of law, and granted an ardor to review with costs against tho com plainant. Air. Kilpatrick moved tho rule abso lute, Air. Box and Air. AVasley showed cause. The case of Forsyth v. Burns, an appeal from Mr. Justice ICeifcrd, was dealt with by tho Full Vojtt yesterday. James Forsyth, tho younger, -torekeeper, at Germanton, Now South AA'ales, Weil Peter Burns, of Clones, for goods sup- llied, and obtained a verdict for £27. Defen dant lmd been a member of a mining party near jUbnry, and the question was whether the goods ad been ordered on behalf of tho party, or whether defendant was personally liable. Their Im.ors took tire latter view, and dismissed the typral ivitli costs. Air. Bryant appeared for I'"" uppellant, and Atr. Box for the respon dent. A prisoner convicted of robbery with violence was severely dealt with by Mr. Justice Kerferd in the Criminal Court yesterday. A young woman named Nina Esbie was looking into Robortson and Moffat's shop windows at 3 o'clock one afternoon in the early part of the present month when the prisoner, William Devine, who is about 30 years of age, and has been nine times previously convicted, attempted to snatch her purse. She tried to prevent him effecting his purpose, and he thereupon knocked her down on to the pavement, caught up her purse and made off. The result was, as testified by medical evidence, that the lady received a severe injury to her hip, which was likely t0 render her more or less ' lame for life, Prisoner evidently anticipated the consequences, and when asked if lie bad anything to say why sentence should not be passed upon him accord- ing to law, admitted stealing the purse, but eagerly denied that he had been guilty of any violence. The lady's falling down was a pure accident. His Honor said he could not accept this statement in view of the finding of the jury, and sentenced him to seven years' hard labor with two floggings of 15 lashes each, to be administered during the first six months of the term. The prisoner as he was leaving the dock said, "Beg your pardon, your Honor. Have you fixed any date for the floggings?" His Honor : "No." The prisoner was then removed in custody. A flogging of 15 cuts with the cat-o' nine tails was ordered by Mr. Justice Kerferd yesterday to be administered to a prisoner named John Donnelly, who had been convicted of criminally assaulting a girl of 11 years of age, at Moorool- bark, near I.illydale. Prisoner is about 40 years of ago, and followed the occupation of a laborer. The child's mother, who lived at Fern Tree Gully, was induced her to give her custody to the prisoner, who promised to convoy her to his aunt, in order that she might be brought up and edu- cated in a better style than her mother could afford. He then took her to his tent and lived with her for several months. His Honor sen- tenced him to 5 years' hard labor, and directed him to receive two floggings during the first six months of the term. A young man of aristncratic bearing, who lias apparently lmd a very chequered career, was placed in tho dock of tlio Criminal Court yestor- day, before Air. Justico Kerford, to receive sen tence. The prisoner wns Charles Albert Sinclair. Ho appeared to bo not more than 30 years of age, and had pleaded guilty to breaking into the house 'of Air. Andrew Chirnside, atAVerri- lice, and stealing four gold cnp3 and a quantity of other articles of platoand jewellery. Accused handed up a written statement, which was read by liis Honor's associate. His story was that lie came of a' good English family, and became a wealthy coffee planter nt Ceylon. Losing his fortune in the general ruin of that industry, lie came to this colony. He wont from office to office seeking employ ment, but without success, and ovontunlly took the position of a scone shifter at the Bijou Theatre. Next lie noted as butler for Mr. Chirnside. That gentleman swore at him, and a disagreement toot: plaeo, in consequence of which lie left. Ho then entered the employ of Alessrs. Ball and AVelcli, drapers, Carlton, as a clerk, but falling into the hands of a well known money lender, and being hard pressed, lie committed tho robbery in question, so that lio might by one Btroke free himself of bis liabilities without his difficul ties coming to the knowledge of his wife. SI10 had been bom a lady, and would be unable to support liorsolf or her child. Ho trusted, therefore, that his Honor would deal leniently with him. Air. AVnlsii stated that his last employers gave him a good character. Tho judge said that Sinclair's training should have prevented him falling into crime, but ho would not shut out all hope by imposing a long term of imprisonment. 1'risoner was then sentenced to two years' bard labor, with the first four days of every sixth month in solitary confinement. Annie AI. AVilliams, licensoo of the Railway Hotel, Sunbury, convicted on AVcdiiesdny of perjury, was brought up for sontenco before Atr. J ustice Kerford in tlio Criminal Court yester day. A ehavgo was laid against the prisoner at the local court 011 the 8th Afay of permitting an unlawful game to bo played in her house on a Sunday in tlio previous mouth. A constable was looking through the window nnd saw accused and her husband playing at cucliro with two men, one of whom was George O'Rafferty. Airs. AVilliams and O'ltafferty denied that cords were played, or that nny drinks were served in tho hotel on that day. They wero both indicted for perjury. O'Rafferty pleaded guilty at last month's criminal sittings and was soutenced to twelve mouths' hard labor. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen yesterday addressed his Honor 011 tho female prisoner's behalf in mitigation of punishment, nnd mentioned that she had a child at the breast four mouths old, as well as two littlcchildrcn. His Honor said lior husband could have boon no man at nil not to havo gone into tho witness box at tho police court, instead of throwing tho whole responsi bility 011 his wife. He did not know but what she lind sworn as she did under some pressure. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen asked that a line might be inflicted. His Honor said that course was not open to him. Ho must vindicato the law, but taking the surroundings of the enso into consideration, he would not pass a heavier sen tence than one month's imprisonment. Tho estate of Samuel Taylor Douglas builder, of Caulfield, wns released from sequestration by order of Judge Alolosworth yesterday. Tlio insolvont filed bis schedule 011 the 5th Juno, 1886\. His assets were thon estimated at £287,711 lis. 9d., and his liabilities at £203,811 12s. 7d., leaving a surplus of £83,899 19s. 2d. His real estate, which consisted cliiefiy of houses lie liad caused to be built in South Alel- bourno and other suburbs, was valued nt £254,597, and mortgaged for £190,686. The estate lias not paid any dividend, and the majority of the creditors have accepted a com position of 3d. in the jiound. His Honor said this result was somewhat remarkable, but as the statutory number of creditors were satisfied he could do no more than make the order. Mr. Bralmm appeared to inovo. Air. L. L. Smith, AI.L.A., was defendant in nn action for £475 damages concluded in the County Court yesterday, before Judge Hamilton nnd a jury of four. The plaintiff, Air. Frank Armitngc, of Lara, towards the close of 1886, sent his thoroughbred mare, Queen Alab, to the defendant's stud farm at Nunawading for agist ment. AVlien he made application to the defendant's manager for tlio return of the animal, however, lie received a innvo that did not belong to him, and lie then learnt that Queen Mab had died. Tlio defence was that all duo care had been exeroised, and that the death of the animal had not resulted from any negligence of the dofendant or liis servants. The jury found a vordict for the plaintiff for £80, and jndgmont was entered up accordingly, with costs. The scheduloof Charles C'opplcstone, carriage builder, of Hyde-street, Footscroy, was filed in the Insolvency Court yesterday. His balance sheet showed £394 17s. liabilities, and assets nil. It may be remembered that C'opplcstone was the cause of an accident in September 1887, through the careless handling of a cadot rille. He was practising in his backyard, firing at 12 paces at a herring tin stuck on the top of a picket fonoo as a target. He missed his mark twice in snccession, anil the third shot passed through two fences nnd lodged in tlio breast of a ladies' nurse, who had come to her kitchen door on hearing the two previous reports. Copplestone was brought up at tlio local polioo oourt, and fined 10s. for tho illegal use of firearms, a charge- of wound ing being withdrawn. In Juno last year an action for damages was instituted against him by the injured woman, Alaria Friisor, and her husband, Charles Frnsor, a lino repairer. The onse was tried before Mr. Justice AVilliams and a jury of six, in the Supremo Court, and plaintiffs obtained a verdict for £323 15s. and costs. Judgment remaining unsatisfied, defendant's estate was a few weeks ago compulsorily seques trated. Sentences wero passed by Air. Justice Kerferd yesterday upon prisoners convicted at the July criminal sittings, as follows : — Thomas Heslia, a colored man, breaking into a warehouse, two years' hard labor, with the first four days of every sixtli month in solitary confinement ; Robert AVallaoe,stcalingfromtheporsoii,12 montlis'hord labor, with the first five days of every third month solitary; Robert Nicliol and James AVilliams, burglary, each two years' hard labor, with the first five days of every fourth month solitary, cumulative 011 sentences tlioy are now under going ; James AVilliams, feloniously receiving, 12 months' hard labor, with the first five days of every fourth month solitary, cumulative 011 his previoussenteuces; Andrew AI'Alillan, auold man, who appeared to be over 60 years of age, shop breaking, 10 prior convictions, three years' hard labor; George Clements, stealing from tho person, nino prior convictions, five years' hard labor; Henry Thompson, receiving, two years' hard labor, with the first five days of every fourth month solitary; James Alahoney and James Allison, oaoli one prior con viction, each 18 months' hard labor, witii the first five days of every fourth month solitary ; Alfred Smith, said to' have come from New Caledonia, burglary, four prior con victions, three years' hard labor ; Charles Al'Conncll and Francis Farrcll, robbery in compnny, each tlirco years' hard labor ; Thomas Pitt, forgery, five prior convictions, four years' hard labor, cumulative 011 a four years' sentence I10 is undergoing for a similar offence ; Hermann Eisner, forgery, one prior conviction, being then discharged to come up for sentonco when called upon, threo years' hard labor, with the first four days of every sixtli month solitary; Samuel Falkincr, an Amerioou, embezzlement, two years' hard labor, with first five dj's of evety fourth month solitary cumulative on a sentence he is now undergoing ; Harry Oakor, housebreaking (two charges j, two years' hard labor, with tho first four days of every sixth mouth solitary ; Georgo AVilson, stealing from the person, four prior convictions, two years' hard labor, with tho first four days of every sixth month solitary ; Charles Jean, receiving, two years' hard labor, with the first five days of every fourth month solitary. A matinee performance for the benefit of Miss Emma Chambers, who is about to leave Aus tralia lor >South Africa, whither she takes a com pany of lior own, will be given nt the Theatre Royal to-day. The perforinanco will com mence with tlio Royal Pardon, in which Air. Alfred Dnmpier and the company of the Alex andra Theatre will appear, and will conclude with the second not of the Bells of Haslo- more, now being produced at tho Theatre Royal. Tlio " screen scene " from tlio School for Scandal will ho given, witii Air. H. H. A'iiiccnt as Sir I'etcr Teazle, Aliss Ada AVnrd as Lady Teazle, Air. Herbert Fleming as Joseph Surface, and Afr. A. Buck- lniv as Charles Surface. Tho Dale Brothers, of thu Silbon-Stirk Company, will givo some of their performances, nnd Alias Ida Osborne, Aliss Jennie Lee, Aliss Nellie Mitchell, Aliss Col- bourne-Bnber, Air. Gladstono AVright and Air.' Harry Richards will contribute songs. Aliss Aloggio Knight nnd Aliss Aland AVilliamson will give recitations, and Air. Johu Gourlay will fur nish an amusing sketch. Aliss Chambers has been a genuine publio favorite during the years she has remained in Melbourne, and no doubt n full bouse will testify to-day to the apprecia tion in which her talents are held. The final representation of Jo was given by Aliss Jennie Leo nt the Princess's Theatre last craning. To-night Aliss Leo will portray uuothor of tho characters in which she appeared with groat offcct when she last visited Alel- bourne. The Grasshopper, a farcical comedy, adapted by AH. J. P. Burnett, from Messrs. Alcillmc and Halovy's La Cigalo, will he pre sented this evening, with Alias Lee, as formerly, iii'the name part. The cast will in clude Air. Burnett, Atr." Herbert FIcmrning, Mr. Edwin Kelly, Air. Oily Dcering and Air. B. N. Jones. Now scenery has been designed and painted for tho reproduction by Air. John Brnnton. Aliss Leo will sing in the piece soino favorite songs. Arrangements entered into some time back for a- series of revivals of tbo most successful dramas produced in Alelbonrno under the regime of Alessrs. "Williamson, Garner and Alusgrovo compel that firm to withdraw tho Bells of Haslomcro from the boards of the Theatre Royal after Friday next, although Alessrs. Pcttitt and Grundy's picturesque drama is still drawing very fair houses. Tho first revival of the scries will be Jones and Herman's splendid play, tlio Silver King, which will be produced on Saturday evening next. Special scenery has beon painted by Air. Geo. Gordon, and the oast will bo an entirely new one to Alelbourno, being composed of tho members of tho new London Drnmntio Company, two of whom, Air. Buck- law and Air. Jas. Stevenson, have played their parts some hundreds of times under the man agement of Air. Wilson Barrett in the principal theatres of tho United Kingdom. Tim wonderful and interesting performances of tlio Silbon-Stirks company, nt the Oporn House, have been attended during tho week by very largo audionccs, whoso wonder and delight nro expressed in an unmistakcnhlc manner. Tho company is an uncommonly strong combination, over- moinbor of it being particularly clover in liis 91 her own line, and tho performances are both novel and surprising. The work involved in the rehearsals for next week's new programme and the strain thereby imposed upon the mem bers of the Silbon-Stirk troupe havo induced Alessrs. Hiseooks and M'AIalion to cancel the arrangement for tho matinee performance, which they proposed giving this afternoon. ' Tho Unknown was praduoedat the Alexandra Theatre for the last time last evening, anil to night Atr. Dampier's dramatic version of tlio Into Airs. Henry Wood's novel, East Lynne, will bo presented. . The largo attendances at tho Cyclorama havo been fully maintained during the pnst week, not withstanding the unfavorable weather nnd strong counter attractions. Amongst tlio visitors havo been several clergymon and others intorosted.in.tbo education of tlio young, who are so impressed with tho value of tlio exhibition from an educational point of view that arrangements have been made for a large number of children attending various private and State schools to see the wonderful represen tation of the Battle of Waterloo given in the Cyclorama. This morning the children from the Box Hill State school will attend in a body. Tho hand will play suitable selections during tho day, and special descriptive lectures will be delivered at intervals. Tho Royal Aluscmri in Bourke-strect eon- tiimes to bo patronised by a large number of visitors daily. The Indian jugglers," acrobats and contortionists, tlio throe widows of the late King of Oiidh, the "monkey boys," and a variety of other attractions are now on hand. An entcrtainmont by a specialty company is given throe times daily, and performances by the Indian nerolmts nnd jugglera six times a day. At the Victoria Halt this evening, Mr. F. Clark's company will appear, in conjunction with Afr. 0. B. Hicks's Colored Alinstrels. The six last nights of Air. Hnriy Riokards's company at St. George's Hall, nro announced. Last evening the performance was for the bene fit of Aliss Georgie Dovoe and Air. Frederick Dnvys, when there was a full house. The Ly noli Family of Bellringers and Vocalists appear as usual at the Athemoum Hnll this evening. An attractive programme, . in which Aliss H. E. Randoll, a favorite New Zealand soprano ; the eminent English harpist, Air. Edwin Smith, and Alessrs. Percy Browne, J. C. Fnrlatto and others will appear, has been an nounced. D'Arcy Road's "Ghost Entertainment was repeated at tho Hibernian Hall last evening to a large and appreciative audience, tho per formers being loudly applauded for their' efforts. It is announced tluit tho Rev. Dr. AlacGregor of St. Cnthbert's, Edinburgh, is to preach to-morrow evening in CoUiiigwaocr Presbyterian Church, Wel lington-street. Mr. Leon Cohen acknowledges the receipt of fit from Air. Alfred Turner, Tho Avenue, Windsor, in aid of the ease of Aliss D'Arcy." Tlie amount collected up to the present is £1S8. Public meetings for tho advoeaey of tlio principles of total abstinence will ho held on Suudav afternoon in the 'Melbourne Teniporanco (lower)' Hall, at 3 'o'clock, and ill tlio evening ut 7.30. Tho committee of tlio North Melbourne Blue Ribbon Union have decided to make a small charge once a month at tho weekly meetings, commencing to-night 111 tlio Friendly Societies' Hall, Queens- berry-street. An attractive programme has been provided for this evenings People's Concert, in tlio Temperance Hall, Russell-street, including aminstrel first part by the Combination Sereimders, followed by a varietv entertainment. As will lio scon by reference to our advertising columns the George-street Baptist Church is hold ing its evening services iu the newly opened Fitzroy town hall. To-morrow evening the servico will be conducted by the Rev. F„ Harris and Dr. Porter Wo are requested by Messrs. Wm. Howard Smith and Sons Limited to draw attention to tho announce ment that the Konoowarra will leave for Brisbane Maryborough and Rockhampton, without tranship ment, 011 Monday, 29th inst., at uoou, instead of to day. Wo nre requested to call attention to nn adver tisement announcing that anniversary sermons will' bo preached to-morrow at the Bruuswick-streot Wesleyan Church. On Monday a tea and public meeting will be liehl, and on Tuesday a children's tea meeting. The governing committee of tho Victorian Orchestra held a mooting yesterday, at which the date of tho first concort was fixed for Thursday, the 8tli August. We are requested to reinindsubscribers that tickets are now ready and may be obtained on applicution at Alessrs. Allan and Co.'s music ware house. 'The Lynch Family Bellringers and Vocalists appear as usual at the Athennnun Hall this even ing. An attractive programme, in which Aliss H. E. Randoll, a favorite New Zealand soprano, the eminent English liarpist Mr. Edwin Smith, and Messrs. Percy Browne, J. o. Parlatto and others will appear, has boen announced. The Homoeopathic Hospital ball this ycarpromises to bo equally as successful as former ones. Tho ball will beheld in the Melbourne Town Hall and the dato is fixed for Wednesday, the 14th August. Air. Skinner has generously promised the committee to provide all refreshments in first class style at ids own expense, Entrie cards can onlv be obtained on application to members of tho committee or the honorary socretary at the hospital. 