L o n d o n G oss ip , January 20. I regret to hear that M r Leslie Stephen is not in good health. H is work on his great “ Dictionary of B iegraphy". is telling upon him. H e has been ordered to rest, and is going to stay with M r tiymonds at Davos. I f he can> only resist ihe temptation of climbing show peaks, he ought speedily to reoover lost ground- There is, perhaps, no man in England who has scaled more Alpine heights never before trodden by the foot of man. : r M r Lyttelton's jo k e . to the Parnell Commission was stale, and so also was M r Reid's reto rt bydney Hmilh started the saying that it needed1a surgical operation to put a joke into a Beotchman'i head j but it is many years since Scotch men retorted, Yes, an English joke. Mi Reid, however, improved upon it. H< admitted the soft impeachment with reBpect to English jokes that reqnire to be verified by affidavit. 8omeday M r Perqy W yndham ought to publish his correspondence. I t would be an o'sament'Of-literature and an excellent elementary on official habits; of mind. According to M r Wyndham. nobody is ever punished in Ireland for groaning at the authorities. Perhaps the sentence on an Irtih member for saying “ Boo for Balfour 1" is a myth, and The. Times ought to be reprimanded for publishing the statement that a t the Limerick Quarter Sessions two men were sentenced to a mouth's imprisonment for groaoing -at the police. Boycotting, as we all know, never happens in England, and nobody has ever heard of an entire family being driven but of a place by the hostility of their neighbois,. So. that story of the Husbands, who cannot get work or live paaoeably in their old home because one of the boys was charged with tbe m urder ofachild at Havant, must be a m yih. Such a thing could not ocour m this country. Popular feeling is much too enlightened, l'ou m ust go to Ireland for th a t kind of prejudioe. Professor Tyndall has discovered that Mr Gladstone’s policy has done mischief in the colonies. .W hy not in the moos P The professor is a man of science, and what is the good of being a scientific Unionist if yon oanaot show that but for Home Rule tbe moon wonld be a fertile region P If Professor Tyndall would devote his political intelligence to this demonstration, he would do his party quite as much good as by tracing M r Gladstone's malign influence in the colonies. ihe ghost of Macaulay must be laughing over Lord Addington*a letter on the ApoBtolical succtssion. No minister of the gotpel, says this learned and charitable nobleman can claim a commission from Christ except through the order of bi- bops and clergy. A man who believes that the mandate of P eter has descended in vnbroken line to the clergy of (he hstablished Ctmrch is almost too qmsite a fossil to be credible. The Primrose Leaguers of Dover tiding to win tbe prize which is to be given to ihe .Habitation that has the largest number of members. To attract the Dover Tories aa entenainment given lately, consisting of songs and recitations and an address from M r Scott Scott, who “ dwelt at length on Ireland, the Soad&n;, and the Afghan frontier." This must have tw lied tbe numbers of (he Dorer Habitation considerably, and if Mr Scott Scott wonld consent to dweti entirely on the Afghan frontier they might take the prize without further trouble. M r Steinkopf does n ot seem disposed for & controversy with M r Frederick Greenwood Mr Greenwood bas explicitly declared th at ho left the St. James Gazette because he found that bis position under the new proprietor would not be independent regard to German politics. To this Mr Steiuliopf makes no direct reply, and it his paper tbere is only a guarded paragraph to the effect that tbe S t. James' if not dependent on any opinion or influence save its own. It may be th t M r Green­ wood misunderstood M r Steinkopf, oi that tbe latter bas since found it expedient not to dictate Biemarcltiah principles to his editor. The effeot of tbe church play at Croydon will probably be to drive a number of curates into tbe theatrical profession. They are going to perform “ Tbe Conversion of England, by Si. Augastioe," in which remarkable drama there will be a crowd of eooleiiaitical supers" carrying crucifixes. Before long they will be seeking engagements near the Strand to carry banners. The prospect may well excite alarm amongst theatrical managers who are besieged ith applications from novices. I t is said last tbere is going to bs a revolution in the ice trade M r A. M. Perkins, the engineer, has discovered a process of producing ice by boiling ammonia and water. I he oiii joke of tbe proof safe agent, who said that a bird loikeJ in one of hia safes when the flames wib fouod frozen to death, may now become a sober fact. The simplicity of Hie new invention is its chief marvel A room can be cooled to 40deg below zero with very little trouble and expense, ana to poulterers and • fishnf,.tlie u,tmost !mPort*I1'»'- Colo el North hn-» no reason to . _ P1"1” o£ *he n™ !? of which ho i,'th e CD,,let! . W t,e” h « “ *]™ g « J 1® ? ''0 b‘ V ' “ *“ •’■JIM Lo,rd . raceho ses or presenting an jbfcey to (Jhie town of Leoda. D.atj"auiahed Tory lad.ea are quite enthn.ia.na about h,- manners, which seem to be bcitrr than his origin led them to expect. W U -ihcrhe would be so acceptable to their society if himon-y were not at ihe service of the Tory causo is another affair. It is odd tb it public1Breakers come so frequently to grief over S riptural illuR. iramms. Why M r Phelp. should imagi e that when St. P eter rmoieoff tbe e r of the high priest's fc v a n t be had j u t r lu ned fr m fishing we d.o not know The-American Ministeriuay litre private authority for his staumem, t>ut the records which arc acce«rib> to the world show that Peter had been spending night;n e a „ r ;'o;mr e „ ;„ ;.'r “S ‘;e*: <>• 'h at_tlic_e«r would not have been smitten off if Peter had not been a fisherman docs not say much for Mr Phelps’ quality as a humorist. A collection of the polite pbras*a imploy-d by Disraeli to describe l>i* opponents would be useful to youthful Tories. Forty years ago Dizzy said that Mr Chnrles Austin was “a rhetorical fording " and " a loose tongued lawj er," who not only made false statements, hut conscious of tbeir falsehood. Tbe charm of this invective and of very mui-h more of the same kind, was thst t^e author rarely felt the ahimo&iiy; which ■fiiH language indicated. Abuse was to Disraeli a useful weapon in a coo) hand, He rarely loit his own tamper, but he always strove to infuriate other people. Anyone who ia convinced of the necessity of a religions oath must be interested by the statement of Delaney, tbe Invinoib:e, that when he swore (o tbe (ruth of his depoiition he kissed a book, but did not know whether it was a Bible. To a vast nombrr of people vrho take the oath in t court of juitSoe the character of the gressy volume they kiss is just immaterial. The whole affair is a piece of mummery whioh would diigraoe savage tribe.—Knglivh Exchange. # >Pnotlog.—ro* jguoiux n ooumcuoh iba TaiiMnfon Na» Ik replete irtUi a Urge ••ortaa'Mt at IKeUvastweviOUM fofw aj and poet-- log type, and erety deeariptioo of-job p w tu g a t •cMQtaaattbf loyaa r u e s u d os (b* sbrrteat 