CHAPTER XV-ir. A WHITE LIE. Tho Eiirl of Strathspey held 1 lis word as sacred us his bond; nevertheless lie told, what, in polite parlance, would be callcd a .white ;lie, when he avowed his intention of making a run down to Lon on. And white lies are about as dis astrous in their results as black ones, for if tho earl i ad not indulged in this one, ho would have spared himself many a day of bitter qgony. Sinco that afternoon, when, ns, he galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion llnshed across his mind, Lord Strathspey had not known one hour of rest. He possessed just the temperature to seize upon a' silly suspicion, and magnify it, and brood over it, till it grow into a torturing reality. The siiddeu fancy fcliat struck him, was that the little Haxeu-huired boy, with- a face so wondrously like Lady Pearl's, ic:is his wife'* child. Strangely enough, u never occurred to this gifted peer that the boy might be his child, and the one who bore his name, and was to be his heir, might be an impostor. No such drouin ever entered his mind j lie fully believed that his own babe, marked with the scarlet cross, as some of the male Strathspeys had been - before - him, haa boon' " restored to. him ; yet ho harbored the foolish sus picion that the littlo Tyrol lad, whose lace haunted, him day and night, might be the child of his countess. He, herhusband, thus dishonored her by a slanderous sus picion, yet if any living being hud dared to' utter such a thing in his hearing he would, have . struck him dead -At liis feet. Once in his-mind, tho fancy haunted him like a lioud. How else could ho ac count for his wife's visit to the cottage, for her strange conduct, and above all her obstinacy in refusing to conlido to him the'eause of'her unrest and depression ? ?' At last tho poor man's torture grow to be unbearable, and ho determined to go buck to the Tyrol and solve the mystery. Ho would find some way, either through fear or bribery, to force the secret from the glib-tongued old woman ; and he would see the cliild again, mid judge by its age and appearanco whetherhis terrible suspicious were true or false. Accordingly, he made his arrangements, and uttered his white lie about his run down to London. But instead of going to tho metropolis, ho went straight to Doyer Harbor, and crossed the Channel by the iirst steamer, littlo droaming that the very next one would bring liis wifo over. From Calais lie started direct for tho valloy of tho Hhetian Alps ; but mid way, at a little wayside inn, lie fell ill. His constitution was like iron, but it sank beneath the incessant hientul torture he had endured within the last few weeks ; and for two nights ho lay prostrate, scorched with fevor. In his delirious, midnight dreanis, he began to think of death, death far from home, and wife, and children ; death, with this hideous sus-. pic;on in his soul. His wife's face, sweet, and pure, and reproachful, rose up before hiin, and he awoke to the bitter wrong he was doing her, and determined to return to England, and forever give over his ab surd illusion. But the moment the fever abated he tottered to his feet, and all his old, tortur in" fears returned with double force. He could not go back ; lie must know the truth, or-he should go mad. , So, in opposiiion to the entreaties of the surgeon who attended him, hp started off, white -as a ghost, and only able to keep on his feet. . . *v .. . The September Biin hung low in tlio purple sky, and all tlie grand eld Switzer peaks glittered with his doparting glory, on tlie afternoon Iwlien Ladv Strathspey reached the Tyrol valley. Colonel Ver ney had sent a dispatch from Calais to Paris, and lenrning that his friend was something better, he accompanied her. : At a small public-house, at no grea" distance from the shepherd's cottage, he hired a carriage and drove across the smiling green valley. Divining with the intuitive instinct of a gentleman, that the poor mother would sooner seek her child alone, ho put her out at tho. edge 01 the little coppice, and avowed his de termination to remain there with the carriage until she should return. Lady Strathspey walked briskly over the short spaco that intervened between the coppice and tho cottage, her heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few moments she would know the truth, and ascertain whether there was any proof of which her child might be reclaimed and reinstated. Tho sun dipped low abovo tho wostern seas, the Alpine summits gleamed and glittered in their eternal whiteness ; a mingled melody of tinkling bolls and low ing horde floated 011 the balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious even of her glorious surroundings, tho countess hurried on. Half way across tho slope of meadow land, a peal of childish laughtor startled her, and just before her, clustered upon the velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, she beheld a young kid, all garlanded ?witrli wild-wood blossoms, an immense Alpine sheep-dog, and a littlo boy 111 a scarlet smock and plumed cap. The little fellow was sitting astride tho dojj'sback, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, whilo the great, grim animal lay, with his nose resting on his paws in the afternoon suusliiiio, as if lie enjoyed tho Bport. Lady. Strathspey stood-still a moment, gazing on the' lovely "pastoral picture, tlie tears streaming over her wan chceks.: At last slio drow near. The dog raised his 'pointed ears, and uttered a hoarse growl. The countess paused in terror, but the boy's quick eyes had spied lier. " Down, Tiger," he cried, plmiting his brown, chubby foot oh the animal's head, und the dog obeyed. " Coino ou," I10 continued ; "-'him won't bite 00, hiin only bites do bad foxes." ' ' Lady Strathspey approached, and held out her hand. "Have you forgotten mo, lto.niniieV" she asked. ]'.. "No, ineed, I knows tw:-rop coined with other lady, loiig, long -ago.; ; Dat's liiy, Kid, Molly's kid ; grauiiiudder I Hiiys it's my brudder-ain't it nice V lie replied, giving her one little hiind, and pointing tho other toward the kid, which' was cropping, tho greeu grass-blades* a yard or two uway. She tried to answer, but hor voice failed; the little prattling voice thrilled her to the heart's core. . ' ."Oh, my darling, my darling I!' she sobbed, catchinjg tlie child in her.arms, and covering his face and hair with pas sionate kisses. . - He struggled from her arms, looking up with wide, .wondering eyes. 1 " What do ?? make 00 always - ky ?" lie questioned, 11 trifle impatiently; "Ilbiumie don't like'folks to ky." , | 41 Don't you, darling ?" .said ,tlie j 'countess,' restraining her toars ; " then' I'll not cry any more, for I want you to1 like mo. Don't-you-'like..rue,.llomniie'!" j " Oh, yes, Tlommie likes 00, an' he likes j graiimudder, an' granpap, an' 'Molly, - lots end lots." / '.. Who is Molly ?" ; " Molly's my goat-my niammy goat don't 00 want 'o.seo her V . "Not now ; I'll see her by and by ; sit hero by me, and let us talt a little- biti' Where's grandmother'{" . . ; " Took ing supper. WoV doing to have tustard pie-no want some ?" Lady Strathspey nodded, and took his little round right arm in her bauds, with a beating heart, almost fearing, to look for the birth-mark, yet feeling suro it was thero. " Won't you let me soo. your pretty arm V" eho asked. ; '. Yes,.indeed! Does 00 want to see my pretty koss,' too 'I-look a thero now !" J lie cried, pushing up the loose sleeve or his smock. " i There it was ! Tlio Strathspey birth mark, the scarlet cross, " deepaiid! vivid beneath the white, transparent skin ! For ah instant.the sunlight peaks, and- all the | green valley, swam before' the, poor j mother's eyes, but by a'mighty effort she nontrulled herself. < '.Little Romniic," she said, solemnly clasping the boy close to her heart, '. you are my own child, and as sure as I live, and Heaven help3:ine, 3 ou shall be your father's lioir. - 