CIIAPTBK V. LITHLH 8 UN LOOKS* Ono month only had thou passed slnco tlio /night of Stophou Orry’a ilght from Iculund, juk! tho Btory of liia fortuuos in tho meantime ia quickly told. In shnino of his brutal blow, as vrdl us fear of his wife’s threat, bp hadBtoyred away.jn the hold of uuEuglish. slupiKufcaailod -+.hirr.,Hn.lllO' n!irTltr—'liifnr Viililinil blKL •v^-tho TsaniOwn!gnrr-*'j?7^-^W^-l<*tor t'aimiW. JMMf brought liira out of his Uiding-placc/aud ho had DrOVlgn& IUIU out UI urn boon eompollod to work boforq.tbp mast. In too, inoro days, ho litid signed articles as ablo .sburoan'at tho first English port of call.’ ‘Thou bad follqwod puniahmonta lor Bloth, punish ments for iguorance, uud punish moats for not knowing the high-fiavoured language of'his .boatswain. After that had come' bickerings; tliroats, scowls, oaths, and open ruptures with this chiof of potty tyrants, ending. with tho blow of a murlm-spika over" tho big Ice .lander’s crown, and tho littlo boatavvaiu rolling headlong, overboard. Thou bud followed twenty-tug Jit days spent in irons, rivotted to tho ship's side on the under dock, with broad and water diet every second day and nothing ‘tir.’ 1«r thrt snnrot imnd-fnllmv. anil Wald uicu oveiy miwuu uuj mm uuumiy bbfcwoou. Finally; by tho secret good-fellow ship of a shipmate witlisonio bowels of compas sion, escape lmd como after starvation, us stur ▼a(ion hail oomo uftor ’ alavory. uml Stophou laid swruin ashoro while his ship lay' lit anchor in Itamsoy Buy. What occurred thoroaftor at the- liouso whereto he lmd drifted no one could rightly toll. Ho continued to live thoro with the trull who hoot it. Sho lmd licou tho illogitimato child of ail insolvent English dobtor mid tho daughter of a neighbouring vicar, hud boon ignored by her fallicr, put out to nurse by her author, bred in ignorance, reared in impurity, and lmd ■crown into a buxom liusay—idlo, immodest, ruttish, tho sowor'of l'owdnoss for bestial men within a radius of miles. Uy wlmt arts, wlmt hints, wlmt appoais, what ullurommits, this trollop got possession of Stephen Orry it is not liurd to guess. First, ho wus a hunted man, and only ouo who dare do anything duroqpoi doors to him. Next, lie was a foreigner, dumb forupoocli, and doaf for scandal,' and muahlo to. loam mow. than 1iib oyoB.could toll him,of tho woman, who had given him shotter., Then tho liig Icelander,was uhuiidsomo follow, and tho voriost drub.tlmt ovor trailed a petticoat indwa how.tb hide her slatternly habit* while slio is hunkering after a line-grown man. oo tho end of 'many conspiring circumstances w as * All rights reserved. that aftor much gossip in cornow, many jeers, and Homo tossings of fumalo heads, the vicar of tho pariah, Parson Gull, called ono day at tho hut mPort- y-Vullin, and outlie following Sun* day morning, at church, little Hobbiu Christian, tho clerk and - Boston, read out the askings for tho nmrriago of Liza Killey, Bjunstoe, of tho pariah of A laugh old, and Stephen Orry, bache lor, out of Iceland. What a wedding it was that came throe weeks later! Liza wonj.it gay now gown that had beon lout her by a neighbour, Bella Coobragh, a girl who hud meant to bo married in it her* j self the year before, but had not fully carried out her moral intention and hud since borne a child. Wearing such borrowed plumes and a brazen smile of dulianco, Liza strutted up to tho Communion rail, looking impudently iiito tho mon’s faces, and saucily into tho women's—for the church was thronged with an odorous mob that kept up the jabbering of frogs at spawn— and Stephen Orry slouched after her in his blowzy garments with a downward, shame faced, nervous look that his bulky manners could not conceal. Then what a wedding, feast it was that followed! Tho little cabin iu l’ort-y- Vullin reokod and smoked with men and women, and ran out on to tho sand and pebbles of tho bench, for the time of year was spring and tho day was clour and warm. Liza's old lovers wore thcro iu troops. With a keg of rum over his shoulder Nary Growo, tho iun kooper, had como down from tho “ Hibernian” to givo her joy, and Cleave Ivinloy, tho butcher, had brought her up half a lamb from Ballu glass, and Matt Mylohrecst, the not-inukor—a venal old skinllmt—-had charged his big snuff horn to tho brim for tho many noses of tho guests. On tho table, the form, tho thraa-logged stool, tho bed, and tho hearth, they sat together ebook by jowl, their hats hung on tho roof rafters, their plates perched on thoir knees. And loud was thoir . lauuhtor and' dubious , .t!iolr = talk. Old Thurstau UoobrugU lod oil on tho advantages 'of marriago, saying it was middlin’ plain that the gels nowadays must bo woddod when tlioy worn*babies iu arms, .for byo-cliildors wore common, and a gel’s father didn’t caro in a goneral way to look liko a fool; but Nary Crowe saw no harm iu a bit of swoot hoartui’, and Cleavo Kinloy said no, of coarse, not if a man wasn’t puttin' notions into a gel’s head; and Matt Myl eh roust for liia part thought tho gols -wore amazin’ liko tho ghosts, for they got into every skeleton closet about tho “But then,” fluid Matt, “ I’m nu ould bachelor, ns tho sayiu’ is, and don’t know nothin.’ ” “Ha, ha, ha! of coorse not,” laughed the others ; and then thoro was a tasto of a toast to ’Liza’s future in Nary’s rum. 44 Drop it,” said ’Liza, as Nary, lifting his cup, leaned over to whisper, “So I will, but it’U bo into your ear, woman,” said Nary. “So hero’s to the king that’s comin.’ ” By this time Stophon had slipped out of tho noisomo place, and was rambling on thu quiot shoro atone, with head bent, cheeks ashy pale, oyes fixed, and his brawny hands thrust duop into his pockets. At lust, through the dense fumes within tho house, Bella Coobragh noted Stephen’s absence, and “ Whoro’s your man ?” she said to ’Liza, with a tantalizing light iu hor ^44 May bo whoro yours is, Bulla,” said’Liza, with a toss of tho head; 44 near enough, perhaps, hut not visible to the naked oyo.” The offeots of going to church on ’Liza Killey were wlmt they often aro on a woman of huso nature. With a man to work for her she became move idle than before, and with nothing to fear fromseundat moro reckless and sluttish. Having hidden her nakedness iu tho gown of marriage, she lost the last rag of womanly shame. Thu effects on Stephen Orry woro tho doopon iugof his sloth, his gloom, ami his lielplossness. Wlmt purposo iu life ho over had was para lysed. On his first coming to tho island ho lmd sailed to tho mackoral fishing in tho boats of Kano Wndo—a shrewd Manxman, who found tho big, ‘ dumb Icelander a skilful lishomian. Now ho nogloeted his work, lost solf-roliaueo, amt lay about for hours, neither thmidng nor fooling, hut with a look of sheer stupidity. And so tho two sat together in their ditch, tanking day by day deeper and yot deeper into tho mire of idleness, morosonoss, and mutual loathing. Nevertheless, they had thoir cheerful hours togothor. Tho ‘ king’ of Nury’B toast soon came. A child was born—a bonny, sunny boy as over yot drew breath ; but ’Liza looked on it as a chock to her freedom, a drain on her energy, some thing helpless and looking to hor for succour. So tho unnatural mother neglected it, and Slophen, who was reminded. by its coining that Rachel had been about to giyo birth to a child, turned bis heart from it anu ignored it. Tims there spirit-breaking years dragged on, nnd.Stopheu Orry grew woe-begono and stono oyod. Of old ho had been slothful and spirit less indeed, but not a baso man. Now his whole nature was all but gone to tho gutter. Ho had once boon a truth-teller, but living with a women who assumed that iio must ho a liar, lio had ended by becoming ono. He had no corn pan}' savo her company, for his alow wit had found it hard to learn tho English touguo, ami she alone could rightly follow hint; ho had no desires savo tho potty ones of daily food and drink; ho lmd no purpose save tho degrading pui*po.so of defeating tho nightly wandoriugsof his drunken wifo. Thus without any human oyo upon him in tho dark way ho was going, Stophon Orry lmd grown course and base. But tho end wua not yot, of all this lniiu was to bo and know. Ono night, after spending tho day on tho sea with tho Hues for cod, tho year deoponing to winter, tlio air muggy and cold, lie went away homo, hungry, and wot and ■ cold, leaving his mates at the door of tho “Plough,” where thcro was good company . within and tho cheer of a busy lire. Homo! i On reaching Port-y-Vulliu ho found tho door open, the hearth cold, tlio lloor in a puddle j from tho (hiving rain, not a bite or sup in tho cupboard, and his wifo lying drunk across tlio , bud, with tho child in its grimy blueness creep- | ing and crying about her head. It was tho beginning of the cud. Onco ngain ^ ho fumbled tlio haft of his seaman’s knife, and 1 then by a quick impulse ho plucked up tho child in his arms. 41 Now God bo praised for your poor f.ico,” ho said, and while ho dried tho child’s pitiful oyes, tho hot drops started to Ins own. Ho lit tlio lire, ho cooked a cod ho 1ml brought homo with him, ho ato himself and led tho nttlo ono. Then iio sat before tho hearth with tho child at his breast, as any mother might do, und hung over it as only a woman could who had suckled it thoro, for at lougth it had como to him to kuoiv that if it was not to bo, lost und worse, than orphaned, ho must henceforth bo father aiid mother both to it. : And when tho littlo eyes, wot no longer, but' laughing liko sunshine into tho big soared face abovo them struggled in vain with sloop, ho wrapped tho chilli in his ragged guornsoy and put it to lio liko a bunillo where tho firo could warm it. Thou all being done . ho sat again, and leaning. his.elboW3 on his knees covorod his oars with his hands, bo that they might shut out the sound of tho woman’s heavy breathing. It was on that night, for tho llrst tirao sinco ho lied from Iceland, that ho saw tho full depth of his oiionco. Offence ? Crime it was, und1 that of tho blackest; mid in tho terror of his loneliness lie trembled at tho thought that somo day his hornblu dumb oecret ^wouW ^bocowjo; _tlint*110 wiLTmarfiod- already when lie married, the woman who lay behind him. At that ho saw how low ho had falleu—from hor who onco hud beon so puro and true beside him, and had loved .liim and givon up father, und homo, and fumo for him ; to this trull, who now dragged him through tho slush, and trod on him and hated him. Thou tho bitter thought camo that what sho hud suffered for him, who lmd given him everything, ho could' hover repay by ono kind word or look. Lost sho was to him for over and ovor, and parted from him by a yot widor gulf than five hundred miles of sea. Such was the agony of Ins shame, and through it all tlio snoro of tho sleeping woman wont liko iron through liis head, so that at last ho wrapped his arms about it aud sobbed out to the dead lire at Ills feet, “ Rachel! Rachel! ‘Radiol!” All at ouco ho became conscious that tho heavy breathing had ceased, ‘that tho house was silout, that something lmd touched him on tho shoulder, aud that a gauut .shadow stood bcBido him. It was the woman, who at tho sound of his voice had arisen from hordrunkon sloop, and now gusped, “ WhoisRachbU”’- - At that word his blood ran cold, aud aliivor ing ,iu his clothes, ho crouched lower nt tho hearth, uoithor answering nor looking up. Thoir with oyes of hate she criod again, “ Who is Radiol ?” ' But tho only voioo that answered hor wus tho voice that rang within him-^“ I’m a lost man. Gudhdp.mo!” Who is Ituchel?” tho woman criod onco moro, and tlio sound of that numo from hor lips, hardening it, brutalising'it, befouling it, wua tho most awful thing by which his soul lmd yet been shaken out of its stupor. “ Who is she I say? Answer mo,” she cried iu a raging voice ; but ho crouched thoro still, with his haggard face and misty oyes turned down. , Thou sho laid hor hand on hisshouldor and shook him, and cried bittorLy. • “ Who is sho, this light o’lovo—this bug gago V” At that ho stiffened himaolf up, flhuddorcd from bond to foot, Hung hor from him, ami answered in a torribio voice, “ Woman, she is my wifo I” That word, liko u thunderbolt. loft a heavy silonco behind it. ’Liza stood looking iu tarror at Stephen’s lace, unahlo to uttor a cry. But next day sho went to Parson Gcll and told him all. Sho got smull comfort. Parson Goil laid himself had two wives; the first hud desurted him, nml after an interval of six years, , in which ho had not heard from her, ho hud murriud the second. So to 'Liza ho said, 44 Ho may liavo Binned against tho law, hut , what proof iuivo you ? None.” Thou sho wout to tho Dcainstor at Rainsoy, It was Deemster Lace—a bachelor much given to s'oerut gallantries, Shu got us little chour from this source, hut yet sho eunie away with one drop of solace fer menting in the bitterness of hor heart. |* Tut, woman, it’s more common than yen think for. And whoro’s tho harm ? Oeh! it’s happened to some of tho heat that’s going. Now, if he’d bouton you, or struck you”—and tho good man raised both hands and shook hia Thou tho thought leapt to her miml that sho herself could punish tstophen a hundredfold worse than any law of bishop or deemster. If sho could she would not now put him away. Ho should livu on with hor, husbaud or uo bus. band, and she with him, wife or no wife. On her way homo shu called at the house of Kane Wilde, sat down with old Bridget, shod some crocodile tears, vowed sho daren’t have tould it on no account to no othor morthul sowl, but would tho heart of a woman bolavo it? her mail had a wifo in Ilia own coimthry 1 Bridget, who had herself had four husbands, lifted her bauds in horror, and next day, when Stephen Orry went down to tho boats, Kano \Vudo, who-had nowly turned Methodist, win ulroudy and told Win—rwhittling a stick asTio Bpaku-—thnt the bailing was wonderful lean livm geltan’, audit’ lie didn’t shorten hands ifwoiild bo'gpin’ bogging on the liouaca they’d all bo, Barton suro, . . ; ’ ... Stephou took tho hint in silence, and wont oil’ homo. ’Liza saw him coming, watched him from tho door, nml studied las hard sot faco with a grun smile on hor own. Noxt day ijtophou wont oil to Matt Myl* chrccst tho notmakcr, but .Matt sliook in’s lieatl, saying that Manxmen had struck against foreign men nil over tho island, and would not work with thorn. The day after that Stephen tried Nary Growo, tho limkcopor, but Nary said, of course, it wasn’t himself that was particular, only his customers woro gottin’ nieo extraordinary about a man’s moral chu Ah a last hope, Stephen wout up to Cleave Kinloy, who had land,and aakedfor a croft of live acres that run down to tho beach of Port-y Vullin. “ Nothing easier,” said __ Kinloy, “ but I must have six pounds for it beginning half quarter day,” Tho rout was high, but Stephen agreed to it, and promised to go again the following day to seal his bargain. Stephen was prompt to his engagement, but Kinloy had gone on the mountains al’lcr some sheep. Stephen waited, and four hours later Kinloy returned, looking abashed, but dogged, and miyiim he must have good security for a vaar’s rent down. Stephen went back home with hia bond duop in hia breast. Again tho woman saw him coming, again she studied his face, and again she laughed iu her heart, li He will lift hia hand to mo,” she thought, 44 and ill on wo shall soe.” But- ho aoemod to read hor purpose, and determined to defeat it.^ JSlio might utarvo him, herself, and their child, but the revenge she had Bet her mind upon sho should not have. Ycttolivo with her and contain himself at every brutal act or bestial word was more than he could trust himself to do, and ho determined to Ilyaway. Let it bo anywhere—anywhere— if only out of tho torture of hor presence. One place was liko another iu Maun, forgo whore ho would to any corner of tho island, there sho would surely follow him. Old Thurstun Coobragh, of Bnllaeroggan, gave him work at draining a iloodud meadow, it was slavery that no other Christian man would do; but for a month Stephen Orry worked up to his waist iu water, and lived on burloy-brund and porridge. At tho end of bis job ho had Jiffs, savod, and with this monoy in his pocket, and the child in Ins arms, ho hurried down to tho harbour at llainsoy, whore an Irish packet lay ready to sail. Could ho have a passage to Ireland ? Cer tainly ho could, but where was hia licence ? Stophcn Orry hud nover heard until then that before a mau could loavo tlio Islo of Muu ho must hold a hconco permitting him to do 44 Go to the high bailiff,” said tho captain of tho packet; and to the high bailiff Stephen Orry went. 41 I come for a licence to go away into Ire land,” ho said. “ Very good. __ But whero i'h your wifo ?” said the high bailiff. Arc you leaving her be hind you to be a burden on tho parish ?” At that Stephen's heart sank, for hosaw that his toil had been wasted, nml that his savings woro worthless. Doomed ho was for all bis weary days to live with tho . woman who hated him. Ho was bound to her, ho was leashed to her, and lie must go begrimed and bedraggled to tho dreg life with her. So lm wout back homo, and hid his money in a holo in tho thatch of the roof, that tho touch of it uught vex Ins memory no And then it Hashed upon him that what ho was now suffering from this woman was after all no more than tho complomcnt and counter part of what Buehelj had suiforod from him m tho years hohind thorn. It was just—yes, it was just—and bccuuso ho was a man and ltachel a woman, it was less than ho deserved. So thinking, ho sat himself down in his misery with resignation, if not content, vowing novor to lift hia hand to tho woman, however tormented, and nover to leave her, however tempted. Ami when ono night, after a storm, an open bout camo ashore, ho took it and used it to fish with, anil thus ho lived, and thus ho woro away his wretched And yet lie novor could liavo borna his punishment but for tho sweet solaco of his child. It was tho llower in his dungeon, tho bird at its bars. Since that ' had night, when Ids secret had. bdrst from him, lie had nursed it and chorished it, and had done for it many tender offices. Every day ho had softonod its oatcake in his broth, 'and lifted tho barley out of his own bowl into tho child’s basin, lathe summer ho had stripped off shoos and stockings to batho tho littlo ankles in the hay, and in winter ho had wrapped tho child in his jacket mid gone bare- armod. It was now four years old and went ovory whore with Stophetu ustrido on his broad back or perched on his high shoulders. Ho had christened it Michael, but beeuuuo its long wavy hair grow to ho of tho colour of tho sun ho called it, after tho manner of tho people, Suulocks, And liko tho sun it in that hut in Port-y-Vullin, for when it ... ____ uwoko thoro was a glint ot rosy light, and when t slept all was. gloom. Ho taught it to apeak' his native. Icelandic tongue, and tho woman, who found everything evil that Stephou .did, found this a barrier botwcetihor nndthochild. It was onlyinhisigno raneo that ho did it. But oh, strange destiny ! And littlo Smilooks was oyos and oara to Stephen, and hopoto his.crushedspirit uiniin telligence to hia slow mind. At sight of tho child tho vacant look would die away from Stephen's faco; at play with him Stephen's groat hulking logs would run hither ami thither already willingness : and at hearing his Htrungo questions, his wondrous answers, his: pretty, clover sayings, Stephen’s poor douse wit would Bourn to stand agape. Oh, littlo Simlooks—littlo Sunlocks—floating like tlio duydnwn into this lone man’s prison houses, how Hooii was your glad light to bo overcast 1 For all at once it smoto Stephen liko a blow on tho brum that though it was right that ho should live with tlio woman, yet it was air awful tiling timt tlio child should eontinuo to ^ do so. Growing up iu such an atmosphere with such an examplo always present to his oyos, what woidd tlio child become ? Soured, saddened, perhaps 'cunning, perhaps malicious; atloust adapting himself, us his father had done before him, to tho air ho had io broatho. And''thinking that littlo Suulocks, now so sweet; so sunny, so artless, so iuuocont, must come to this, all tho gall of'Stophcn' Orry’# fate’ road to his throat 1 Nvhat could ho do? • Tnko littlo Suulocks away '< That was impossible, for ho could not toko himaolf away. Why had tho child been horn ? Why hud ho not died ? Would not tho good God take him to himself oven now, in all tho sweetness of his childhood ? No, no, no—not that either; and yet—yes, yes, Stephen’s poor Flow brain struggled long with this thought, ami at length a struneo and solemn idea took hold j of it-; littlo Suulocks must die,' aml ho must kill him, Stephen Orry did not^ wriggle with hiscon seicuco,' or if ho cozened it at all ho-made-him self believe that it would not, bo sin but saorillco to part with tho thing ho hold dourest in all tho world. Littlo Sunlooks was his life, but littlo Suulocks must ilia 1 „ Better, bettor, bettor so! And having thus dotormined, he wont enu tiously, and oven cunningly, to work, Wkon tho little ono had disappeared, ho himself would novec bo BUapoctcd, for aU tho island would say ho loved it too tenderly to do it a wrong, and ho would toll overbody that ho had taken it to some old body iu tho south who had wished to adopt a child. So with Sunlocks laughing and crowing aatrido his shoulder, ho called at Kano Wade's houso on Btilluro ono day, mid told Bridget how ho should miss tho little chap, for Sunlocks was going down to the Calf very noon, and would not come homo again for a long time, perhaps not for many n year, perhaps not until ho was a big slip of a lad, and, maybe—who could tell ?—ho would never cowo back at all. Thus ho laid his plans, but oven when they were complete ho could not bring himself to carry them through, until ono day, going up from tho beach to soil a basket of crab3 and cols, ho found 'Liza drinking at tho “Hibcr IIow sho camo by tho money was nt first his surprise, for Nary Crow* had.long abandoned her; and having bitter knowledge of tho way she had once spout his earnings, ho himself gave her nothing now. But Buddouly a dark thought came, and ho hurried home, thrust his hand into tho thatch where ho had hiddon his savings, and found tho pla#o empty. That was tho day to do it, ho thought ; aud ho took little Sunlocks and washed his chubby face and combed his yellow hair, curling it over his own great unde ft fiugcra, and put bis boat clothes on him—tho wlnto cotton pinafore, and tho red worsted cap, autl tho bluo stockings freshly darned. " • ■ • This he did that he might comfort tho child for the last time, aud also that ho might re member him at his beat. And littlo Sunlocks, iu high gloo at such, busy preparations, laugboil tnuoli autl’ oliattoxod lou g^, aslcing many question*. . ' ’ “ WiiLTO aro wo going, father, Pi Out,—-eh ? Whore V” . 'Ai£-v-r! “ \WJ1 boo, littlo Siinlocklrfiwo’U boo." * “But where? Church? What day is this “ Tho last, littlo Sunlocks, tho lost.” “ Oh, I know, Sunday." Whoa all was ready, Stephen lifted tho child to the old porch across his shoulders, and made for tho shore. Ilis boat was lying aground thcro ; ho pushed It adrift, lifted tho child into it, and leapt after him. Then, taking tho oars, ho pulled out for Mnug* hold Head. Littlo Sunlocks had never been out in tho boat bofore, and everything was a wonder aud de light to him. “ You said you would tako mo on tho water some day. Didn’t you, father ?" “ Yes, littlo Sunlocks, yes." It was evening, and tho sun was Binking behind vlio land, very largo and rod m its sotting. u Do tho sun full down ovo’ry day, father ?’* “ It sets, littlo Sunlocks, it sots." “ Wlmt is sots ?" “ Oh." Tho waters lay asleep under tho soft red glow, and over them tho sea fowl wore sailing, “ Why aro tho white birds .so’eatiung ?" “ Maybe they’re calling their young, littlo Sunlocks.” It was lato spring, aud on tho headland tho sheep wore bleating. “ Look at tho baby ono—away, away, up yonder. What's it doing thcro by itself on tho ’ock, and c’yuig and o’yiiiguudc’ymg ?" “ Maybe it’s lost, littlo Sunlocks." “ Tliun why doesn’t somebody go and toll its father V" And l ho innocent faco was full of trouble. The sun went down, tho twilight deepened, tho air grow chill, the waters black, audStophen was still pulling round tho bond. “ Father, where does tho night go when wo aro asleep ?" “ To the other world, littlo Sunlocks.” “ Oh, I know—Heaven.” Stephen stripped oil* his guernsey and wrapped it about tho child, Ilis eyes shone brightly, his mouth was parched, but ho did not Hindi. AU thoughts, save ono thought, had fuded from his As he camo to Port Mooar tho moon roso, and about tho same time tho light appeared on Point of Ayro. A littlo later ho saw the twinkle of lessor lights to tho south. They wero tho lights of Luxoy, where many happy children gladdened many happy firesides. Ho looked around. Thera was not a sad in sight, aiul not a sound came to his ear over the tow murmur of tho sea's gentle swell. “ Now is the time,” he thought, lie put in his oars and the boat begun to drift. But no, ho could not look into tho child’s eyes and do it. Thu littlo ono would sleep soon and thou it would ho easier done. So he took him in his arms and wrapped him. in a piece of suH “ Shut your eyes and sleep, littlo Sim “ I’m not sleepy, I’m not.” Yet soon the little lids fell, openod again and fell once more,, and then suddenly the child started up. ! “ But x haven’t said my p’ayers." “ Say thorn now, little Sunlocks.” “ Goutlo Jesus, mock and mild, Look upon a littlo child, G uard mo while in sleep I lio, Take mo to Thy home on—on-” j .“Would you like to go to heaven, littlo Sunlocks *r” . “ No." “ Why not?" “ 1 want to keep with—wilh—my fath-” The littlo eyes wero closed by this time, and tho child was asleep on Stephen’s knees. Now was tho time—now—now. But no, it wushauler now than over. Tho littlo face—so silent, so peaceful— how formidable it was ! Tho littlo soft hand iu Ins own big hard palm—how strong and ter* Stephen looked down at tho child and Iub bowels yearned over it. It cost him a struggle not to kiss it; but no, that would only make the task harder. Suddenly a new thought smote him. What hud this child donu that ho should tako its life? Who was he that he should rob it of what ho could never give it again V By what right did ho dare to come between this living soul and heaven ? When did the Almighty God tell him wlmt the after* life of this babe was to -bo ? • Stephen trembled at the thought. It was like a voice from the skies calling on lum to stop, and a hand reaching out of them to snatch the child from his grasp. What he had intended^ to dot was not to ho V Heaven had sot its faco against it! Littlo Sunlocks was not to die! Little Sun locks was to live. Thank God 1 Oh 1 Thank But lato that night, a group of people stand ing at their doors outlie beach at Bert Laguo | saw a tall man in liis shirt sleeves go by in tho j darkness, with a sleeping child in his arms. | Tho man was Stephen Orry, and* ho was sobbing like a woman. whoso heart is hiokcn. The child was little Sunlocks, and ; lie was being carried back to his mother’s Tho people liailod Stephen and told him that a foreigner from a ship in tho bay had been asking for him that evening, They had sent tho man along to Port- y-Vullm. Stephen hurried home with fear at his heart. In live minutes he was.there, and thou his life's blood run cold, llo found the houso empty, oxcopt for his wife, and^ she^1 ay outstretched on Inoliiy, on tho wall above her head j those words wore writtou in the Icelandic toiVguo,',“.St> is Patrickscn avenged." Avenged! Oh, powers of Heaven, that drive tho petty passions of men like dust before 