CRITERION. " Friends," the adaptation of "Not Intimes," is a piece well adapted to the taste of a Criterion audience, and, as acted by Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's company, the play is seen to the best advantage. Mr. Brough, Mr. G. W. Anson, Mr. Robert Brough, Mr. G. S. Titheradge, Mr. Cecil Ward, Mr. Percy Lyndal, Miss Pattie Browne, and Miss Brenda Gibson, are strong names to conjure with, and the comedy is mounted in superb style. At the Haymarket Theatre the American Coloured Minstrels continue to draw large houses. This is the eighth week of their sojourn, and the full strength of a strong company is now giving an amusing Christmas pantomime in black, called "The Miller and the Sweep." At the Exhibition building, under the management of Messrs. M'Mahon, the Silbon- Stirk are giving their wonderful entertainment The original company having been augmented by the addition of several speciality artists. This afternoon there will be a special performance for children and families, which will commence at 2.30. On the opening and last nights there were large attendances, and the clever and daring performers were heartily greeted. A special service of trains has been arranged for this afternoon. The Alhambra Music Hall attraction is claiming as much patronage as ever, and the laughter-provoking burlesque " The Pirates of Bald Rock" causes intense amusement. The programme is concluded with a festival called " The Golden Showers." Mr. Harry Rickards, with a new English and Irish Comedy Company, is causing the School of : Arts to be blacked nightly. This evening there will be repre- need the nautical farce, " The Land Lubber," which so far during the present week has been a pronounced success. Mr. John Solomon is still drawing hundreds of visitors per day to his Royal Museum and Palace of Amusement, immediately opposite the Town Hall. Amongst the thousand and one attractions are the Royal American Midgets, who hold receptions daily between 2 and 10 o'clock p.m. During the past week a large number of suburban and country visitors have patronised the Cyclorama at the Rotunda opposite the railway station. As time goes on this magnificent and lifelike picture of the Battle of Gettysburg becomes more and more popular. The prices and hours of admission, including Sunday afternoon, remain the same. At the Crystal Palace Hall " Ye Old English Fayre " has made its reputation as an instructive and interesting place of amusement. The programme is well executed, and from the time of opening until the close there is a continuous but varied entertainment. Hiscocks'' London Pavilion Company are still performing at the New Opera House. They have a special holiday bill of fare, and the entertainment is one of the best of its kind that has been seen in Sydney. Special efforts have been put forth by the manage- ments of the Bondi, Coogee, and M only Aquariums. At Bondi this afternoon Mr. Van Tassell will, circumstances permitting, make another balloon ascent, and descend by the parachute. During the past few days there has been a larger attendance than usual at the Zoological Gardens, which have been made as attractive as possible. On Thursday evening in the Masonic Hall, Parramatta, Mr. John Hesford produced the pantomime " Cinderella " to an excellent house. The piece went well, and the local allusions were crisp. The harlequinade, in which a number of juveniles took part, was productive of plenty of fun. A special Lantern entertainment was given in the Balmain Town Hall last night. There was a fair at tendance. Numerous Christmas pictures were vividly portrayed by means of a large limelight lantern, under the successful manipulation of Mr. W. Mundy. Christmas scenes depicting characters in stories by Charles Dickens, viz., '_' Gabriel Grub," Marley's Ghost and the Chimes," aided by the brief account rendered by Mr. Cyril Haviland, as lecturer, afforded much amusement to the juveniles. The falls of Niagara in winter, and many Christmas scenes in America, Rome, Canada, and England were described. 