MovcUst* ' The lidniglit Prophecy OK, HEIR OF - STRATHSPEY TOWERS. liy Emma Garrison Jones. CilATTEtt XII. itoMur.us. Tho countess anil Judith drew nenr the littlo ; fanii-hoiiso. It was a pretty, snug place, a box of a cottago all over, hung with rimninK croejicrs, with quaint lat- ticcd windows, and sloping eaves, beneath which tlio wren? and martins twittorcd. A square, green ynrd, shaded by a giant oak, beneath which-.an old man, wearing tho simple garb of a Tyrol peasant, sat, /tinkering at a broken sheep-boll, which lie \v&3 vainly trying to mend. ; , Aβ Blio,approachcd the wicket-gate, the countess grow deadly white, and leaned lio.ivily on Judith's arm for support.,. "Ohj' : Judith, , "eho murmured, "how .familiar ovorything seems 1 I feel aa if I lind lived hore!" "Yes, my lady/'-tcplicd tho girl, her own cheeks very. pale, and her voice un steady ;" thero'a not one thing different; 1 evon remember tho poculiai , mako of ? he windows, nnd Mint smooth, worn stone .itthodoor. Oil,-itis'very strange I' , : They opened tho wicket and crossed the ..jreon yard. Tho old peasant dropped his bell and rose to his feet ats'.thoir ap proach. .; ? ''". "My lady is faint this morning," spako Judith. " Would you bo good enough to lot her have a drink of fresh milk ?"" ? " Ay; ay, to bo sure,' , replied tho old man, nothing incessantly.: Come in, come in j my old woman's laying tho dinner now—como right in." They followed .him across tho smooth siono stop, and through the vine-shaded doorway ; nnd there, in tho centre of tho white, sanded floor, stood a squaro table, set out with shining pewter platters. .. Lady Strathspey gasped her breath, and clung tightly to Judith's arm. ?The. wife,.-who sat in the chimney corner, with her spectacles on her noso, rose up with a startled exclamation. " 'Why, bless mo !" eho cried, seizing upon tho countess, and assisting her to a 'seat on tho wooden settlo. "Poor thing I tvliat nils her 1" ," She's ill and faint," explained Juith, "nnd camo to beg a drink of now milk." " And oho shall hiiyo it,- continued the ?Id woman; " but sit yo down yourself, ,, .-.ho added, glancing lit Judith's whito ulteeks. "Yo are like a pair of ghosts, ?iiyt.h of yo. . C')ino, sit down, and I'll 'liiva tho diiinor on tho tablo in a wink. Ti;> tho very thing, too, na'll suit yo. be r--H ailing-—chicken'broth and dumplings, -hi?l a drop of boor to wash it down ; >?y ?lid man always wauls it when he's ailing. C-'iino, sit yo down I" .."??'. " Judith obeyed, sitting down beside her mistress, and the woman flow about, get ting hor savory meal upon the tablo, whilo hor husband sat on tTio stone door-aill, slapping nt the llios that buzzed in tho ?noon 'sunlight. Presently a gleeful shout nnd a ripling burst of childish laughter broke upon tho sileiico, nnd from a littlo back becl-chnm bor a little follow, nome tlireo summers ?old, camo dancing into tho room. : Sooing tlio strangers, he camo to a sud den hnjt, and stood like n atutuo, hia scarlet emock ; ,frock disclosing hia round, bare; logs and dimpled feet, and a queor littlo cup, ornninimtcd with a long fonther eurmouuting hia head, with his profuso flnxun ringlets. There ho stood, his great blue eyes wido with childish wonder. " Why, liomuhu, cried the old woman, " can't yo say how d'ye do to tho ladioa! llavp yo forgot your maunore V itmnulu? dolled his plumed cap, and dippedjhis cuily ilaxen ho.id. "Ilow d'yo do, ladies?" ho said, obediently. At tho sound of tho sweot, lisping voice, tho countess, who h.vl oat since tho child's uppeftranco iiko ouo turned, to etone, uttcrud a pilhrtio cry, and springing for ward, caught tho hoy to her bosom. "Oh, my baby ! my lost darling ! my own precious child I" glio cried, between hor bursting sob? nnd paasionato kieaes ; ?' 1 hticw I should find you. you precious lost lamb I" "Tho oM pftiraut nnd hia wifo stood thunderstruck ; but {ho Jittlo follow, no thing-daniited, wound his .chubby anus about the lady 'encqk, nnd put hia ruddy " Don't ky !'' ho lisped, cntrontingly J ] " lioniniio "likes t;"\\\ I—Romraio likes , her!" --' . . ' " Do yo see, old mnn V qiioth the wifo to her husband, hor voioo full o£ pain. "What did 1 toll yo tho night ye found him '/ Didn't I say, just as wo got our hearts set on him somo fine folks would come in and snatch him away ? Yes, I did ; and I wieh yo'd loft him to tlio ;nilch goat,'that I do." Whereupon, leaving her dinner only half-rlishod, slio sat down, and-carrying hor apron to her eyes, began to cry her self. Tho boy's quick eyes soon noticed her, and clambering down from Lady Strath spey's knoo, ho ran to her side "Do"'c oo Icy, grand-muddcr," ho pleaded, tugging nt hor apron j" Rommie likes grand-muddcr, too," Tho old man caught him up in "hie arms. "llo's mino 1 tho boy's mino!" ho said, almost savagely ; " and I'll givo him up to ono. Hie fathorand mother abandoned him to tho mercy of my milch goat, and lio'a mine. Tho countess and Judith both uttorcd a simultaneous cry at this confirmation of thbir strango dream. The old. man regarded them with angry suspicion. " My good women," ho said, " what does ull'this mean ? Can't yo explain yourselves, and toll mo what's tho mat- Cer?" Hy a strong effort Lady StraUi?pcy con trolled herself and wiped tho streaming toara from her cheeks. "My good f>ir," sho replied, "tho ex planation I have to givo to you is a. btrango one, which possibly you may not boliovo ? —indeed, I cannot boliovo it at timos. mysolf ; but my maid horo can bear mc , out in what I have to say." 1 Whereupon she related all tho myster ious eircttmstai'cos of tho dieappoaranco of her tiabo oh tho night of his birth ; and I also tho slrnngo dream which J-udith had first dreamed and thon horsolf. And the old man and his wifo listened 'iv Bi>ccchle3S amnzemont, whilo the sum mer sunshine crept slowly over tho sanded lloor, and tlio savoury dinner grow cold upon thu table.-' When sho had finished they sat looking into each other's faoes iv utter consternation. " It must bo that God sent us the droam,' , continued tho countess, ?' for it haunted mo .day and night ovor einco. I could not rest ono uiomont. And this morning tho instant my eyes beheld this place I knew it, and I know as surely, al though another usurps hia place, that tho boy ia my own, tho babo who was stolon from my nrms in the very hour of hi 3 birth, tho rightful heir to tho Earldom of Strolhepcy Towers. I "And now, my good people," sho con ! tinued, " 1 havo told you my. strange \ story, and I implore j'ou to lot hear yours. Tull mo how and when you came by this child; andlpray thero may bo some proof by which I can restore him to his rightful place." The old couple Bat in utter silence for a fow moments, ovonvholmed by what they hid heard. Tlio idoa that it was a young cnrl thoy had fostered tilled them with absolute affright. The old man spoko at Inst. ?'?'?'.?,. " Old woman." he said, drawing a long brealh, and rbsuming his seat on tho door- Bill, "you aro glibber of tho tongue than I am—you toll the story. The old woman put Romulus from her knee, and. wiped her oyc3 with hor apron. . . " Talk of being glib o£ tonguo now," sho began, " after hearing such a story as I her—why,*lbo very memory's beat out of mo. I do declaro it reminds ine of the old Btories in the Biblo 'bout tho days of tho Apostles. But I'll do tho best lean, your highness," sho continued, bowing profoundly to tho countess ; "and if my memory bo bad I'll etick to tho truth : "It was on'tho tenth of January ; I re member that well, 'causo our rod hefer had a calf on Now Year's Day—and on that very morning tho old man says, 'Old 'woman, the red heifer's calf bo; ten day's old to-day, and you can begin to steal a mite of tho drippings—you 'tend to her and I'll go and look aftor tho goate.' So I wont kown to the cattle-shed, and milked the drippings, and fed tho heifer, and camo homo and laid out dinnor. Isy that time hero comes tho old man all of a flutter. 'Molly,'ho said, 'tliohead milch goat is nursing ;' and nothing would do but I must go and holp him hunt hor. "Well, away wo wont, and a pretty tramp wo had 1 Through tho valleys, nnd up tho mountains, till I thought I should drop in my shoos. At last, way on tc - ward sundown, wo spies hor, perched on tho. top of that bald cliff at tho loft yonder." ' " Oh, my lady!" ojaculatod Judith. " Go on, my good woman," urged tho 'countess. "Woli, thoro she bo perched riuht atop of the cliff. ' Why, old woman,' nays tho old nuin.'eho'sgot kids! Who'd a thought it 'I You must go up and bring them down iv your npron, while I fetch her down.' "So up wo tussled, my very bones ach ing with pain, and Lord bless you, my dear lady, what d'yo 'sposo wo saw when w? reached hor ? Not a kid, but a littlo, livo baby, and it a sucking tho'goat, and its dear "littlo mouth all wot with the milk." Lady Strathspey covered her face, con vulsive Bobn Blinking herjrom head to foot. ?' " . "I didn't feel my aches a bit after that," tho old woman went on ; " I takes up the child, and tho old man shoulders tha milch-goat, and down we como." "Tho clothes 1" gasped tho countess. Ilave you tho clothes tho child had on ?whou yon found him T' " Yes, I kept thorn. 'They may bo of übo to tho child ono of these days, , says tho old man. Hut that day, ns I was toll in, yo, wo brought tho child home, and do you know my old man ho takes tho milch goat right into my back room, and thoro ho ko?ps her, only turning hor out to grazo onco in a while, and tho baby ho sucked that goat for six round months, end I never see a child thrive as ho did. "?My old mnn uhocl to be book-larnod when ho wns young," uho went on, glanc ing admiringly at.the old shepherd on tho sunny door-etop, "and ho eaye ho'a read of fi boy as a wolf suckled, and ho was called Romulus—so nothing would do but. the baby bo named after him. So Rornulii.t is his name." ? ? :. jSho nauaed an'instant, hOr. lips quiver- Ing..; ;*'??'?. ' \ : .'?''"'?? 6' ?' ?? ???:'? '... '.. , :" NVo'vo no .children of our own," sho went on r ot.last,-hpr voice Bhaliing,." Wo had a boy 'once, ac promising a lad ns'evor livuijj'; but lip-went }:.U> i eeni ?nd was loat fit'tcw.yem;ag9,.^!'i*d :; sY,e ; ?;a?'ttell(;jn7 lady, how wo took to this child 1 'Heaven has sent him,' tho old man said, 'to cheer us in our old ago.' Wo'vo dono.tho best wo could for him, and.it's liko tearing out our hoarts to. give him up, but, hearing your story, convinced that he's your child, and.Hoavon sent yo to find him." - ; The old man tho wondering boy to bis arms, and resting his old forehead on his flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved. '?, ''Mydcar.gbod friends," she said, "don't' grieve now, I'm not going to, take the child from you. I shall want you to keep him for mc, a long time, perhaps, until I can get proofs, and all that, to establish him in his right place. -You have never heard anght in regard to him, or found out how ho came to the mountain, I suppose?" "Never a word, ray lady," replied tho old man, brightening up atthepro?pcctof keep ingthe child, -'. # > "My lady," whispered Judith, at this June- ? ture, "here comes Lord Strathspey." The countess arose in consternation.' "It is my husband,":she exclaimed, "but I do not wish him to know about the child yet. Please take him away." Tho old woman caught up the boy, and rushed into tho adjoining room, closing the door after her. '?"?',' ' .'- \--"Tako this," cried Lady Strathspey, draw ing a purse'from her pocket, and forcing it into the old man's hand;" I will come again soon. Be good to my boy, and may Heaven bless you," She reached the wiokct just in timei to meet the earl. He looked at her flushed ohecks and swollen eyes in amazement. " Marguerite," he said, as he drew her arm through bis, " I was so impatient I came to seek you. For Heaven's sake, tell mo what all this means ? What do you know of these people? What nils you 7" " Trust mo, dearest Angus,' 1 she sobbed, clinging to his arm; "yoa jhaUknow all soon —ouly trust rac." . And the earl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion growing Btrouger and stronger in bis mind that Doctor llcnfrew was right, and his wife was indeed in danger of in sanity. Lord Strathspey rode back to his lodgings, besides the bewitching Lady Cecilia, in moody silence. All the spirit and zest of the morning had left him, and the fair siren put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; ho scarcely noticed her, and forgot to reply to her when she spoke. She drove her spur into her horse's flank, and set her white teeth together in rage at her own ill-success. My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to bave her charms underrated. But she was likewise very reso lute, and she concluded to let tho moody earl ride on in .silence and bide her time. For as sure as the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright upon the green valleys of the Tyrol, should that self-same moody earl —this man who had dared, years before, to trifle with her—be brought down at ber very feet and made to expiate his folly in sack cloth and ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten? Had tho memory of those old days at Cavendish Manor faded from her?—those fresh, hopeful days, when she saw .a coro net glimmering above her regal blows and a life of .lore and triumph outstretching be fore her ? Do womon like her ever forget a wrong or a disappointment? My lady set her white teeth and arched her graceful neck, and her blac-black eyes glittered with a baleful, Ehosphorcsccnt light, oi she galloped along y the earl's side... 