li Madge onKher Travels. ?' ; ? * ? H : Some two or three weeks ago an invalid 1 made Hi up'iny.tniud to bo,. and an invalid I became ; hence Hi ' I abjured all tho pomps and vanities ol thiB wicked H!| ' world; I resolved toceasD revelling in items of new3 HV from the sphere of fashion, declined to be even H I amiable to my best friends, and started in a pet, one H 1 fine morning, to get a breath ot mild, fresh, moun H |! tain air, with only a smell of the distant ech about H 1 it. Of course, all who know me declared it waa just H fl a case of ' imaginary ill-health,' Really there are H M I)C0Ple kind enough to deny one the luxury of being Hfl sick sometimes ! However, I felt that literary duty ? I would very shortly blight my intellect, so I 'threw H If aside my pen and papers and went away. I have H'| only just returned invigorated and refreshed by the Hi trip, and feel like a boy lit out ot school ; possessed H ot the somewhat unrighteous chat tin ess of a U Montaigne, and as I- have not had all the fashionable H tit-bits uf the oily retailed to me yet, perhaps my H I readers will let me exhaust my small stock of H j , arcadian life. H| 1 Not very far from Bydney is a cweol bit of almost H unspoiled country, where rural simplicity still exists Bj nnd natural beauties abound, The town which Bj centralises the district is one of those old-fashioned, ?H ([uitt, half-asleep places which aro the vcritabio H backwaters of city life ; and though there tire moro H ]mblic houses than is good for the moral health of H the community, they are not of the type to he found H in some of the dens of the metropolis, To break H j llio stagnation of thought from which such towns B 1 u'eniTully suffer thcro is a charming reading-room H ; and library. There aro also shops of an unpretentious H ! character, where you may get sound and wholesome H ; guuds with Ics3 fatiguo,- and more attention, and at H : about the same cost as in George or Pitt- streets. H - Tlierc is good society of a restricted kind, but that H : kind holds one or two whose learned leisure gives H. a seholurly tone to the talk that eddies round the H nairaw circle, and classics, literature, farming, H. i liorsus, and cattle, supply the place of other coveted H tujiius. H There arc aUo old fltorira connected with the B jilacc. A grim story is told of a ghost that H iji^lilly walks tlie river's banks ; it \a Unit of u H young girl wliodrownud hcrsell for u love too lightly H ( given and lightly deemed. This lovely country H , rotruat lias got Btatelicr stoves of history und Hj tradition, of which, as old writers say, ' more anon.' H I By the way, the town bousls o£ a very nice printing H I 1 ullico with a very uiuu editor. The real glory of the H I jihici: isitB beauty— not a natural charm, savq'tbjit of H j the murmuring sea, is wanting. There arc tho Hluo H : Aluuntaiiis, of immense altitude — wide commons, H I starred with ii-ld-flowcrs, heads of fern soon to lie B ? ovursprcad with thoir branching fronds, tho vege B ! lation bearing grand promise of future harvests. H J,oafy roads ; fragrant wonds, loud with the songof B ! birds, peopled with sc|uirrols and every kind of wild, ? i ehy creatures that live in solitude and die when ilis B i turhed. The hares lift their startled uyus and bound ? into space, ua.wu.drnw near, ? whilu the patient B cattle grn/.e and rnminato, with never a tliougbt B given to our approach nor tho luinlcst care for our B; lauglit or or footsteps. There are navigable creeks, B i nlso charming walks, -where every beauty proper to B i woodland paradise is to be found— overy beauty in B i its pristine fascination, umnairud by civilisation. B J Hut tho poor old gum trees have perforce to bo cut B ) down by the sturdy Beleulor. There they Ho, sawn B through tliu trunk— ' ring barked,' I Iliink, is the B I technical term— red us living llush, and as pathetic B I as dead creatures passed from joy to eternal sleep. B I Whure they have not been out down, they have been B * uprooted by the ruccnt Btorms ; or tlmy havo been so B ! far Hhakon that they aro leaning against their Bj stouter neighbours, unable to support themselves B ! unassisted. Everywhere the eye rests on Rome B ! loveliness, while the sweet poacefulness entrances ? the senses, anil tho brain is lcslful beyond descrip ? tion. Who would not oxchange the hurrying ? to and fro of many feet and many people in erowdod ? ! {Sydney streets, for this solitude, this swoct scolusion, ? ' that is nol dullnose. and still less deserted loveliness ? ? For. the shoi- windoivs are full of bonnets, of stuffs, ? ot jo'weln, ot toys. For Gorman bands we have the ? birds ; for the rattle of wheeled vehicles, tho patteripg H of bush denizuiiH ; tor society, nature ; for luxury, ? simplicity ; for hurry, repose ; and tor newspapers, ? that of the eyes ot observation. Truly, thoy havo ? the best of it— always saving that unavoidable loss ? oi friends and favorites, who make life complete, H and oui happiness without a Haw. Vet kindness ? and frieudahip can always be found by tboee who ? isvck, To have we must give, and tho goneroUB ? heart attracts its kind as the magnet attracts steel. ? 1 Suppose I take that gentle lady — my companion— ? I with her gracious ways of kindness and affection to B I a.iiuasi-invalid— there is a fair field of human worth I -i-tt rose garden of tender virtues to deal with ? hero. This gentle lady is the good spirit of all my ? wolfute. Thon there is the over-anxious landlady ? who provides for overy comfort ; brisk, enorgetic, I 1 capable and untiring— is as a mine of gold to us in ? | that new country. She knows all the walks and li favourite places and guides us there. She is a ? 1 Martha also of the best kind, thoughtful in seeking I and providing good things. I The days glide paBt in swift and silent pleasure. ? The sun shinos; a distant dog barks; the far-off ? cattle low ; the bleat of a strayed sheep breaks the I quiet of the air ; and everywhere the twitter of birds I is heard when the' morning and the ovening songs I nro hushed in the noontide warmth. I Echoes of unresting Sydney life used to come to I 111a liko'sofands.heard in sleep, and tho din of iierco I competition was softened and subdued. I had I exchanged recitals of thoso heated political con I troversios, thatsplendour'of social excitement, for the I ijuict of a small country town slumbering at the foot I of tho Bluo Mountains; whero afternoon toa, I dinners, evenings at the theatre or ball-room and all I tho rest, were represented by drives through the I forest of this lovely country— with pleasant com ? panions nnd Nature as the friend ot all. m On Sundays we went to church and had the I privilege of hearing excellent sermons from a Dean I of tho llomisli persuasion, who is, without exception, ? tho most faring preacher I ever heard. At this ? certain place of worship the preacher took ocon 1 sion, before his sermon, to reprove his flock for I several misdemoanors, such as being niggurdly in I thoir offertory, failing to pay pew rent, writing ? anonymous letters to him traduoing the olmracters I of neighbours, Ac. Unliko the majority of pulpit I uttornnccs, specially dovised to bo 'meek and ? mild,' this oarnest plain-spoken preacher refused to I bo connected with a body of worshippers who do I tiarted from (he puro and simple teachings of our I Christian faith ; and in plain language ho ' dealt it I out' to the congregation as strongly as any one I could. All honor, I say, to every spiritual pastor I who foarlossly oxprossos his oonvictions. All honor I also to any congregation who will thus humbly 1 accept , their pastor's rebukes. In bqth cases it I rci|uires- peculiarly constituted dispositions to walk I jdacidly along the path of duty. But it is well to ? I contrast tho concessions and conciliation of wide I spread brotherly charity which prevails in tho ? papaoy, in comparison with the Anglican, Ohuroh ; I although I am not a Papist 1 1 admire their magna. I nimity. As the poet tells us ot the ' Thrco Singers,' I one playing the music of our dreams, the other 1 ringing in the market place, and the other ot aon I tritioii, of whom the Great Master said : — I I we no bc»t in kind, but in ilegivu : ? I »iTo a vnriutm nift to oaoli ? To cliai-ni, to Btreiigtlicn, and to tciuii. I Aftor two weeks of delicious sunshine tho Storm I King — or rather I should say Storm Fiend— visited I us, and those terrible days will long be remembored I in the district as a period of black skies, drenching I rain, and cutting winds. The township, with muoh I of the open flats and low-lying'; land wero converted I into yollow lakos; evory gutter booamo a turbid I iorront, ovory cave a cascade Several of tho selec I tors's homes were swamped, and the cattle, sheep, I itc., sullorod terribly. There was more navigable I water than travorsable land — in fact it was too I (g)ut-ertii, (g)utter I 1 June uih. 