NE.W8 OF THfi DAY. Muh. Covjjntiiy wishes us to notify that alio has mado arrangements by which tho Princets nowspapor will bo transferred to Sydney froqi whunco it will bo issued not later tluyn three weeks from September 24th. Tlio now sories- will contain Brisbano social ovonts as hereto fore, and also tiio Government House chronicle. _ The Tootorfiold military authorities havo issued a fino programme in oonnootion with » grand tournament to tako placo on November 11th and 12th. Prizos to tho valuo of .£200 aro offered, particulars of whloh may bo obtained from tho Sooratary, Mr. John Warkor. Tou- torflold. Rov. Mrs. Ellon Rinkio, a regularly & ordained minister of tho United Brethren Church of Cleveland, Ohio, ie probably tho ;. first woman over authorised by law to porform marriage ceremonies. Mrs. Rtoklo made ap- plication to tho Probate Judge of tho Stato for a licence to porform marriages. Tho judge . after consulting the Attornoy.Gonorol and tho mombers of tho Supreme-Conrt of tho 8tate issued tho lioonao in dne form, botog nnablo to find any law prohibiting him from bo doing. We hovo received tho prospectus of the Licensed Victualler!' Gacette dnd Sportina Ncwa% a weekly nowspapor to bo published iu Urmbaxjo overy Saturday morning, Tho nro- motors state that the new journal fs intended to counteract the fallacies published in tho Press ami on tho platform respecting licensed victu allers, and to recall publio opinion' to a juster conccptiou of morals and public policy. No nitereHtasAy thoy, lias been" subject to so much vituperation, ahnso, and misrepresentation to tho Press and on tlio platform as liavo consis.' teiilly and regularly bee„ hurled at this par ticular branch of business and thoso conducting dy?a ? Btimbor of solootors bolow mmnnication between Toowoomba and tho Postman a Ridge. Mr Groom promisod compliance with tho request tho Batter before tho Hon. John Donaldson, tho Postmaster- General. Tho following offioial reply has boon motion published . for gonoral tafor- Posfc and Tolograph Dopartmont. nriBbano, 2Gth Soptombor, 1689. stent I? yQttr notaof tho 12th In- stant, I havo tho honor, by dlrootion to in tho Po;tmL£v.Gon0itohii- JP?H P,lnff of a receiving offioo Dnnartm.-??n " . . R0 Sohool, provided thlo Dopartmont » pot to no ozpeaso In tho mattar ooorrangomoot. havo Co mado moSJS: I havo tho honor to bo. ' Sir. Yonr obodicnt oorvant. ' John Maodonell, w rr n _ Under-Secretary. ...... n,, r.sq., M.L.A., Toowoomba. Ofthowhs.to4tairo0r' stated that fl nora In ono 8a.e it wu ililtfli woomba it would bo nooloso tokom tboS saa.'SiKassgaSrS: steam flour mills are boing orooted in BriV- '»U»f»vtho appronchiriff soason As to S'SSsisSS anothor in roUtion in mSSi.SJn? B ono without difficulty. 0t 0n>1> ' harvootod Iativo oSVjtihaftho'offi;0 5? voted on tho loan y<?r 60.000 was iaisaaas howovor, to point out that Uo nrS, Vr f -n lhat t froo ttomSJ insigmfloant, as tho line pobsob ? oountry whleii cannot possibly bo for oth,er thflo grazing poraoTesl and 8 fre®h.ffolo disoovorlos aro made SS a ? no of tho lino being pro-' for rn lint7 U?.nt Morgan, as tho oonntry I m.lea around is a succession of broken J ridges and is unadopted for sottlomont of any M dosnnption othor than mining. Atthonrosftn? a rate of working it is not llkoly that the re? S quiremonts of tho community at Monnt u Morgan, which tho manager of «t« J52 / rouuhly o.tlmatoo at botwom 4,000 and 5 0M W souls, will vury much ozoood whitthw ami kt i41' pra»nt :s and it ia moro than probafittioF"1 SreoMit? fcXa0,' ininK "Peratiuualhrfff K1ty%mroootoyoSrnni04ti0a Jackie, Bob, and Hollo, tbroo Kanakas, woro found guilty at too HundAborg Circuit ' Court on Friday last before the Chlof Justioo of tho murder of a countryman namoa Tabby Coolio, and eontencod to doatb. Tho jury ro ' oosmiondcd tho prinonora to moroy. It will bo observed by advertisement that 2In. Bayortz, of Melbonrno will opon bor mission in tho Wosleyan Church on Friday evening noxt. An address to mains only (boys udmlttod) will bo doltvorod on 8atnrday oven ing. The alterations giving additional monnaot «grQBB from tho School of Arta hall are now in progress, bnt will not bo completed in timo for tho Royal Draraatio Company's entertain . .< mont as it is fixod for Thursday ovouing noxt. , S 'Tho performance of that Company which Is to bo givon in aid of tho Ladios' Bonovolcnt So oioty has bcenihoroforo unavoidably postponed until the 17th instant. Railway trafllo earnings for tbo weak ended 22nd Soptomber in comparison with uorreBponding week of last yoar show in ureases Central railway, £939 5a. 8d. ; Uaokay, £5G 10s. 7d. ; dooktown, £103 lils. 7d,'j Cairns, .£25 8s. 2d. Tho docroanos aro Southern and Westorn, £525 17s. lOd. : Mary borough, £35 7a. lid. ; Bnndaborg, £53 Ida. 3d.; Northern, £506 2s. lOd. We havo much pleasnro in xominding th Unombora of tbo Church of England of th mooting of parishioners to bo hold to-morrow 'ovoning in tho Church Instituto, Margarot- 'stroot, to considor tho orootion of a now 'chnroh or altorationa to tho existing straoturo. \- -In oonnootion with this movement wo under- stand that Mr. Jr. u. Drodrtoo nas bud \- scribed towards a now ohnroh tho mognifi- 'toont snm'of £500. Messrs. Grimes, Hbrron &. Co. report tho following auction salon at their market, Jtomn-stroot, Brisbane i — Oaton obaff, £6 to £0 15n, ; mixed obaff, £4 to £4 12s. Gd. ; whoaton chaff, £4 to £4 2s. Gd. ; lucomo chaff, £3 2s." Gd. to £4; lncorno hay, £2 to £3; xnaizo. 4s. to 4s. Id. ; pumpkins, 12n. Gd. to 15b. ; butter, 8d. to Is. 4d. porlb. ; oggs, 81d. to Old. por dozon; baoon, Old. to 7a. ; fowls, 4s. (3d. to 58. (3d. por pair ; turkeys, 15s. to 9.9m, Gd, por pair; oabbages, Is. 9d. to 5s. Gd. por pair ; chooao, GJd. to 7d. por lb. The Brisbano correspondent of tho Qlcn InncsGnanlian writes t — Tho Government, it is foarod is smashed. Tho rotiromont of Sir Thomas Mollwraith from tho Government, whtoh ovonb was aunounood in tho Afcaombly a few evenings sinco, is regarded an the begin tiing of the end of the Ministry. Sir Thomas as to bo succeeded by a Mr. Powors. This appointment is rogardod as ovidonoo of Minis tonal weakness, showing as it would seem to show that tbo Government is without many (mflacntial frionds in Parliament. Even at this stago tho return to power of Sir Saranol 'Griffith is spokon of and toat may bo oxpeoted "to happen at any timo now. A voblican in Maryborough was on Friday last fined £10, and ordorod to pay £2 5s. part of a balanoo claimed by a contractor on .tho railway lino who had deposited with him a ohoquo for £88 10s. Tho plaintiff eaod .for £30 odd, alleged to have been detaiocd, bnt the puDiican put in a suuomonc oi accounts mauiug tho bolaneo tnrn on tho other side. Tho Polico Magistrate read tho 73rd clause in tbo Licons ing Aot, which provided for tbo amount to bo charged in ono day for drink, and also tho im mediate changing of cheques, tho penalty for a breach of which was not to exceed £20 and not loss than £10, and said that that claueo was specially brought in for persons liko plain tiff who msao a littlo monoy and then rarao into town, and wore " lotnbod down." Ho saw in tho bill that tho plaintiff was ohargod for 111 drinks in ono day. Tns publication of tho first number of tho Loekyer Sfnrat Laidley was vory appropriately uolobrated on Saturday by the proprietors, Messrs. Robinson &'Co., by a banquet which was attended by about eighty roproaontativo gentlemen of tbo distriot. Sir. Cooper, ono of tho oldest residents of tho distriot oooupicd tho chair, and Mr. W. H. Groom M.L.A., and Mr. J. B.L.Isambort, M.L.A.,woro present by invitation. Aftortboloyaltoastshudboondis poBod of, Mr. Groom proposed tho toast of tho aay, " Prosponty to tho Lookyor Distriot ana to its now Press roprcsenta tion tho Lochjer Star " and iu doing bo spoke at length of tho valuo of tho nowspaper pross to a town and distriot whon conducted on high and elevated principles ; and ho thought tho Laidloy peoplo woro singularly fortanato iu having tho Press startod in thoir distriot nndor gentlemen of suoh high chnraotor as. tho Messrs. Robinson. Too toast was enthusiastically roooivod, and Mr. S. C. v Robinson. Jn- a, modest bnt appropriato speech aoVnowlodgod tho compliment. Othor toast9 followed, and from the tone of tho speakers who responded it was evident that tho Laidloy peoplo will tuako a vory strong offort to ensure tho succoas of tbo Loekyer Star. Wb havo roooivod numerous complaints of gardons having boon visited during tho laut fortnight and of ohoico plants and ilowors haviqg been stolon tborefrom. Tbo mean thiovfls, who will not oscape detootion very long, seem to havo a spooial fancy for pansier. One.garden was ontirely denuded of that flowor. The neighbourhood abovo Iforrios street in tho vicinity of Noil sud Homo-streets has suffered most from tho doprodatora, and on 8onday last tbroo balking young follows woro almost caught in tho act of robbing a garden in that vicinity.. Their idftntity upon a repetition of tbo offence will not bo diffioult. Af lady (informs ns of a ohoico ornamental plant, an abntilon, being taken up by the roots and carried away. In another caso tho thiof loft marks of having jumped the fenoo a paco or two from an unfastened gate, for a prize of a fow common pansiea. Wo could ennmerato moro than one or two parties seem to bo im bnod with tbo idea that flowers and plants aro froo game for thorn, as tho oalprits liavo boon soon attempting thoir robberies in tho broad daylight. Tho matior will of course bo undor tho vigilant notico of Deteotivo Clarko, by this time, and it mayboconeidorcdaeortainty that when the bench of magietratos has' tho first delinquent before tbcm a proper and eovcro oxnmplo will bo mado of him. TfiB quarterly mooting of tho Invincible tent No. 3 1. 0, Beohabitcs was bold on Fri day night last. There were between 35 and 40 -members present. Sick claims to tbo amount of £2 10a. were read and p&sBod; for payment. Two candidates were proposed as bonofit members, aftor which tho basinoss on tho qaarterly summonses was disonssod. A motion was passed that the Soarotary write to various temperance bodies reqnestiog them to appoint representatives to form a committoo to take into consideration tho annual temper an oo demonstration on tho 10th Poeombor noxt. Mr. Matthow Burnett, who is shortly to oonanoc a temperance uhsbiou noro ccing a Reohabito. it was unanimously agreed that an address of weleomo bo presented to him on the first night of bis mission and that wo take part in tho proocssiou to bo formed in honor of his first visit pa Toowoosiba. On ooconnt of thlemission oomreoncing on oar next moot ing night it wan , dooiied. to bold our mooting tho night 'previous (Thursday.) Noxt Friday night at 7 p.m. a social mooting of mombora and frionds will bo bold. Tho receipts of tho evening amounting to £41 1G 2d. being road tho mooting was olosod in dno form by tho Gbiof Ruler. . - I The usual monthly mootipg of tbo tmstoos of tho Grammar School was held on Saturday aftornoon last. Thoro were prosont Mossra. Cory (chair), Graham; Boyco, King and Seholo- field. Tho minutes of lost monthly and spooial mootingB woro conflrmod. A lottor was read from the Hon.. F. H. Holborton resigning his position as .true too. ' Tho resignation was no oeptcd with regrot. AcooudLh for tho quarter, including salaries, amounting to £5-10 lis.Od. were passed for payment. A sub-oommitteo's report Was roooivod aooopting tho tondcr of Messrs. Porritt & Co.,- 'for Windmill, tanks, and pipos for the now water supply. Tho amount of tho suooossfnl tender was £91 and tho oontraetor guarantees to keep tbo plant in working order for two years. Thoro wore tbroo othor tondors roooivod. Tho head master, Mr. A. J. Boyd,preeontedalengtboned report of sohool affairs for tbo eighteen months daring whloh ho has been in charge of tho sohool.' On his assuming duties thoro woro 27 pupils. Tbo number at tho end of Juno lost was 70, tbo boarders being 30. During tho typhoid, scaro nino , boaraors loft tho school. ' For tho Univorsitiy examination this year 8 juniors aro bolng sent up. Tho socond master of tho sohool, Dr. Sohnltzo, bos fallen sorionsly ill, and on the advico of Dr. Sheaf was permitted to go away for a short timo for. change of air. Last week Mr. Parker whoso appointment 'was approved by tho trustoas was taken on as locum ienema for Mr. Yarker. >Tho sohool owing'to drawbacks had become '/somewhat disorganised, bnt tho headmaster .' oonolndod hie'roport' by stating' that every ' thing was being dono to got ordor restored. . The Courier reports that Mrs. Kolly, an old andwoll-known resident of Brisbano, and proprietress of Holly's Buildings and several other valuable oity properties, died on Friday at h'or residence, Boundary-street. Mrs. Kelly was born in the year 1804 at Charlie mount, County Armagh, Ireland. She camo to Sydney with her parents in 1832, and arrived in Brisbane ten years afterwards. She baa lived in this oity ever since. She was a most charitablo and kmd-hearwa woman, and was quiot and nnassnming in her «nor, and her loss will bo felt by many m tbo ojty. Bbogave laigoidonationa from time to time to tho Roman Catholio Church (of which sho was a member), to the orphanage at Nuageo, .to tho Megdslon Asylum, and to other institu tions. The funeral, which took plnoo yostor- . day -at Nudgoo Cemotery, was largely at tendod. Tho children of tho Nudgeo Orphan age marohed In procession before the boarae. Of Mrs. Kelly's family but ono member baa survived her. Sho leaves, however, a somber of grandchildren. We (Courier) understand that tho Chlof Juetico Is at presont considering tho caso of tho Hopcfnl prisoners, llin report is ox pooted to bo in tho hands of tho Government daily. Electric lights in railway trainR havo boon introduced in America by tho Chicago MU wankoo, and St. Lonis rood. Two trains of aino cars each wcro started, ono from Chicago for St. Paul, tho other in tho opposito direc tion. All tho carringcn woro brilliantly illu minated with cloctrioity from a dynamo iti tho baggago-car. A novol fcaturo in tho sleeping caro was an innandcHcent burner in ovory section, permitting tho occupant to read a paper while lying in bod. We aro in rocoipt of tho first camber of tho Loekyer Star which is launched to ropresont tho iiitoroets of ono of tho moet important agricultural districts of the colony. A town or distriot gouorally demonstrates its por ma neat settlement ana growing piospority when its supports a nowspapor, and tho argent wants tnat roqniro ventilation from tiino to timo can havo no more powerful advocate than a local press. Tho Loekyer Starts a arcditablo addition to tho nowRpapor Pross In Queensland. It is woll printed, and tho fall rognrd bestowed in tho oponlng numhor on local matters is nn augury that tho editorial function will bo amply oxoreirod on behalf of the wido and important oonstitoenoy which tho Star will havo to sorvo. Wo may compliment tbo editor on tho literary oharaotorof tbo first iesuo and wo cordially wish for tho new von turo all tho aucoess tho proprietor and tho residents of tho Laidloy district may antioi pato. n. aauc. ui viunu lauun \VII'l roportB; was held at tho Warwiok Land Office ou Tues day laBt. Sovon lota, situated on tho trial railway rosorvo of tho proposed lino from War wick to St. Goorga, about throo inilon wost of Warwiok, being subdivisions of portions 401 and 4(32, woro offorod, but no bid was mado. Portion 8, in tho parish of Emu Vale, contain ing 40 aorosj was sold to Patrick MuUinsat tho npsot pnoo, £-10. Tbreo lots in tho parish of Elfangowan (nubdivmona of a water roaorvo on Thnuo'n Crook, at tho nnrtheast boundary of 23G), woro submittad, but no offer was inado. C. S. Andoraon was tho purchaser of ono aero in tho parish of Robinson, at tho npsot priuo, £8. Two othor portions in tho sarao parish, contaiuing ronpootivoly 40 and 31 aorcs, woro soonred by Mr. C. Cawloy, of Etou Vale, for £112 and £50 aftor Keen competition. Tbos. H. Hoey suencoded in socatiog a lot containing 40 acres in tho par!"h of Goombnrra for £108, and Andrew Dongall for a similar area in tbo eamo parish paid £79. An obitnnry notico olsowhoro (eays tho Oiieensland Times of Saturday) announces tho doath of a rospoatod coloniflt and ono of tho oldost rosidonta of tho Laidloy district— that of Mary Wbito, wifo of Mr. Petor Whito. Into senior member of Parliament for Stanley— which ovent took place yesterday afternocn. Mrs. 'Whito bad bepn Ruffering sinco abont tho 15th instaut, from an internal ailment of a serious naturo, and on tho 20th wob takon to Ipswiuh Hospital. Everything possible was dono to allaviato her sufferings, but, iu Bpito of nil that medical skill nod attention could do, death came and claimed bor for his own Whito wan bom in 1819, and had, consequently, attained tho ripo ago of throo scoro yoars ana ton. By hor vivaoity and courteous disposi tion, tho docoAsod lady won golden opinions of all with whom sho camo in coutact. Wo dooply sympathiso with Mr. Whito iu his bo roavomont, and in thns having to separato with the partner with whom ho bud gono so far along lifo's jonrnoy. Sous excitement was oausod at tho Toowong forry on Saturday morning by tho ories of a young man who wan fouaa swimming in tho rivor at tho locality mentioned. From tho shoro a mao iu a boat was scon to put off from tbo siphon piles which extend aoross tho rivor, aud aftor a short struggle draw tho man from tho river into tbo boat and row over to tho Sooth Brisbano sido. It transpiros that tho swiamor was a young man, iu a Bomn&mbnlio; stato, if tho torm may bo applied to ono whoso vagary of tho mind gnidos mm into tho wntor. At tho south sido forry-houso on tho previous night thore was a long conversation on tho subject of sloop-walking and similar pheno mena, and a young boatman in tho employ of Mr. Thompson, tho Iofboo, was particularly interested in thosabjeut. On Saturday morn ing, at a quarter to G o'clock, tho watohmun at the siphon piles, who was removing tho danger lights from them, saw the young fellow, dressed in a pyjama suit, walk from tho forry- houso, entor tho rivor, and Rtarb to swim auroRs to tho Toowong sido. Tho watohman thought it was moroly souio early rinor taking tho matutinal bath, and waa not particalmly intorostcd nutil ho hoard cries for help from tho swiromor who was thon in mid-stream. Palling to tho rescue, ho was just in timo to grasp tho young follow as ho wa sinking and got him oshoro littlo tho worse for the advon- turo. Tho swimmer ears ho has no recolloo- tion of tho incident nntil ho woko in tho tniddlo of tho river, when ho found lumBolf consider ably oxhaastcd and vory muoh alarmod. Through tho shock and fatiguo ho was not ablo to swim further, and it may bo regarded nR vory fortunato that assistance was imme diately available. Tho ineidont affords a rather novol phaso of tho reversion of tho mind to tho ordinary occupation of lifo during sleep, and is well worth tho Inquiry of thoso who aoco to study such phouamona. The Queensland Times of Saturday has a: strong leading artiolo on tho ealo of tho Cooby Creek Water Rosorve. Oar oontomporary says " Somo days ago, in tho Legislative Assembly, inquiries woro madoabout tho sale, to tho Hon. Jatnos Taylor, of a water resorvo on Cooby Crook, near Toowootnba, and attempts woro indicated to charge tho lato Minister for Lands (Mr. H. Jordan) with boiog cither negligent or corrupt in thuH parting with an important watering or camp ing place to tho largo fland-holdor of tho neighbourhood, without compotition and without notico to tho parties chiefly concerned —tho Higbiiolds Divisional Board— but the papcrti called for and laid before Parliainont afforded a triumphant vindication of Mr. Jordan's conduct, and aro so vory inBtructlvo that thoy are worth qnotiog from in detail as Bliowing how quietly and- stoaltbily a Govern ment department can bo sob iu motion whou a looal magnate desires to odd to his already immenso possessions a piooo of land which, if a Government was what it onght to be— tho protector of tho many against tbo few, und the jealous guardian of the beet interests of tho farming community— would ncvor bo granted to a private individual uutil aftor tho fullest inquiry, not only from tho local land oflicors, bat from tho surrounding residents and their official representatives, the Divis ional Board." After publishing several of tbo letters aud minptes and commenting upon thorn onr oontomporary concludes as follows > —Tho moral of all this is that tho clmrgo of neglOCI. lovuuuu Ub mr. »;urut»u uua wuimy uuu ontiroly collapsed, and that local bodies and Divisional Boards should carefully take stook of all road, camping and wator resorvos within their bounds, and have them properly va&tod; for pablio one, or thoir fata may bo that of tho Highfields IBourd and the poor folks that havo to travel ton miles Irom Gobam to Pccboy without a drop of wator for themselves or for thoir horses, oven if thoy can get a road to travel on whioh at present sooms somewhat doubtfol. "To be fore warned is to bo foro-armod," and oar local authorities bad bettor bestir themsolvos for what has happened at Toowoomba may ropoat itself in West Moroton. TnE Courier publishes tho following lottor relating to tho Merchandiso Marks Ac. Act of Great Britain rocoivod by the Now Zealand Loan and Mercantilo Agency Oomnany from their London booRQ whioh was handed to them by Mr. J. Maodonald, tho Quonnsland managors— Roforring to our oiroular lotter rolativo to tho operation of tho Morobandiso Murks Aot, wo havo now to ro»>ort that tho Customs authorities havo quito recently stopped several shipments of wool on tho gronnd that tho marks oonRint wholly or in port of names of places in tho United Kingdom, whilst no intimation is given of tho origin of tho prodnco. Tho following aro somo ox- amplos of tho brands to whioh excoptiou has boon taken: Chovioc, K ovor Dolgolly,_A Robson ovor Dnndoo, AN over Bandon, JH ovor Bridgowator, WFB overKillarnoy. Ono pared of Now Zealand wool, moreover, the brand of wblob was not objootod to, was stopped booanso it boro likewise tho desorip- livo -mark Lincoln alipos. Boforo allowiug thcao ehipmonts to bo taken from tho docks tbo Customs antuomios navo aireotca caat oithor tho names of tho places bo obliterated or thai tho words " Prodnco of Now Zealand " or "prodnco of Australia," according to origin, bo added In equally conspiouous and indoliblo characters. Representations aro boing mado both dircot to tho Customs authorities and through tho London Chambor of Commoros with a vievr to pointing out tho noodless aud voxatious character of the courso tho Customs aro pursaiug, but having regard to the position takon up and maintained by them in regard to imports of colonial grain, wo fear thero is littlo likolibood of thoir notion heroin being materially modified. Under thoso circumstances it is dcsirablo again to call too attention of shippers of colonial prodnco to the necessity of conform ing to too CnBtoms' regulations. In all cases in whioh shipments bear a mark, whether it bo the name of tho porson, firm, or placo wliinh mfoht ho hold to ha indioativo of origin in tho Unitod Kingdom, t tho nauio of tho colony in which the articlo was produced must bo distinctly sot forth. If this regula tion bo not complied with, not only will dolay taka placo in obtaining poRsenrion of tho goods, but expense will he tnourrcd horo iu adding tho information required by tho Customs anthoritios. There's noaght in lifo that's half so nioo as Love's Young Dream." with tho cxcoption. If 1 must bo quite candid, of the first Club Houso cigar whiffed away in tho enthusiasm of youth. Truth, which rarely . speaks in lauilotory tcrniH of church dignatariea, writes that tiio np- |K>inLiitiiit of Canon Hnuiimrcz Smith to tho See of Sydney is a very good ono, as a moderate man who 1ms never hocn prominent h» a partisan is wanted in Australia. Ho is a decided Evan gelical, hut not extreme in any way. Canou Snutnarez Smith has enjoyed a varied experience of clerical life, ns ho has been a Bishop's chap lain in India, an examining chaplain, sinco ho camo homo a parish clorgymnii, and tho hoad of a flourishing theological college, and ho lifts dono woll in every capacity, Tho churchmen of Sydney may think themselves fortunate to havo Hccuictl ro eminent a man, as he would un doubtedly hnvo obtained high proferment in Kuglnnd if he lind decided to remain at homo. On Saturday night, during tho storm whioh came nn about balf-paRt 8 o'clock, the Long roach Hotel (Brirbauo) was etrnek by light ning. About 9 o'clook a loud or&Rh;, as of fulling brioka or stonos, was heard in tho hotol. All tho lights oxccpt one in tho oppor story woro oxtinguiRhod, and dirootly after wards a bull of firo, aocompaniod by a showor of bricks, mortar, and tilos, aamo down the chimnoy, falling into a bodroom on one sido, and into tbo privato bar on tho othor. Both of thoso rooms, it is said, at onoo booamo fall of a strong snlphnrons smoko, whioh was almost intolerable. Tho flnid straok an iron fondor, whioh protoatod tho hoarth in tho bedroom, breaking it to piccos. The light ning then apparently found a condnotor to tho oartit, and it committod no furtbor damage. Tbo falling brioka and tilos vory nearly struck two contiotnau who woro in tho private bar, and indeed it sooms almost miraotilons that no ono was hmt. Tbo barmaid fainted, Muuv.u4juuuj m uiu uuuso was ronaoroa in- capablo of doing anything for somo seconds. Tho chimnoy which was strnok by too fluid had th6 top, which is oonstrnotea of brioks aud tilos, knocked almost cleanly off it. The Bandaborg Star in an artiolo on tho Dofamntion Bill speaks of an editor in that town who systematically tradncod private character, pryod into privato lifo, invaded tho saootity of homo, and porsconted certain indi viduals in a mannor that riohly dosorvod a horRO-whipping. Yot tho editor wasshottorcd from tho penalty of his own acts from tho fact that bo wnn only tbo tool in tho hands of others and wob not tho real owner. Had thero boon no option of roconrso by an action at law in such a glaring abuso of tho liborty of too Pross, thoro is no knowing to what lougtiiH traducors of privato oharftctor might go in tho gratification of thoir malicious and viudictivo spirit; and as a natural result of this probably a breach of the poaco or worae on tho part of tho iojurod individuals. Wo say with the option of roooarso to law now poRsofsod by tho pnbHo, this abnso of liborty woald bo iuilnitoly worso woro tbero no suoh meaoR of rocovoring damogos by civil action againnt tho prossos and typo pros titutcd to such vilo purposes by un principled mon who aro for tho timo boing tho nominal owners of a scurrilous nows papor. Ladies of what our frionds tho French call " a certain ugo " will no doubt bo glad to hoar (aayn the Paris correspondent of tho London Daily Tckyraph) that at tho " Dynamodormlo Instituto of Paris" tho toll-talo wrinkloson thoir fair features can bo removed by oleo- trloity. It was Ninon do LnnoloA who said, when observing on horself tho offeotn of ad vancing ago, that bad she boon tho oroator of womankind sho would havo consolidated all tho wrinklos on tho hools of tho fair sex; and if tho autiqno ooqnotto woro now alivo sho would positively worship tbo eons of Boicnco who havo diRcovod a means of nttiioing " Eteotrolysis " for tbo perconial preservation of beauty. According to Dr. Vornoy, who writos on tho subject of tho now way of bocotning "boautifol for over," tho mothod known as " Elootrolyeis," is brought to boar on tho wrinkles whorovcr thoy appear on tho fnco. Tho aotiou of tho olootriaity ropairs tho worn-out epidormis, nulrifios and rovivifios it until it rises up in its propor placo, and tho wholo eucfueo of tiio skin booomos as smooth as that of a young poreon full of bloom and beauty. Tho oporation is disogrcoablo to tho patient, bnt not painful, and its bonofioial offcats aro warranted by too competent medical anthoritios. In tho meantime, Sainte- Bouvo'a dictum that srailos prodnco wrinkles ought to bo a caution to tho fair, who should cultivate immobility of counten ances as muoh us possible, so tuat thoy may not havo to sock tho aid of olootriaity too soon. Wuitino concerning Sir Thomas M'Hivraith'fl recent resignation of tho Vico-Presidoncy of tho Executive Council, too Brisbane correspondent of the Ncivcastto Morning JTrrald nays : — Tho big goosoburry of our fust-expiring Parliamentary ROHfuou is unquentionably tiio sudden secession from tho Government of Sir Thomas M'llwriwtli. For somo weeks nasi rumour had It that he wnn no longer in toucli with his colleagues, whilst it was iuro stated that Uto tail of tho Ministry looked upon him, with hands and feet tied by election pledges, as tho fifth wheal of tho coach. Moreover, it was an open secret that for moro than ono pet projoct of the Premier's ho enter tained a feeling littlo short of a profound con tempt. But, Ronnie nevertheless, tho fact of tho Premier and tno Colonial Treasurer promcdita- ting a trip to England gave a colouring to tho general opinion that, during this session, at any rate, any Ministerial differences would nob bo allowed to develop into opon rupturo. That this, howovor, was erroneous, last Friday week's Cabinet meeting will testify But how nro tho mighty fallen ! Fifteen months ft"o Sir Thomas, the chosen of almost tho wlmlo colony, was recognised nn a heaven-born financier, nblo to tuni poverty into plenty and restore prosperity to a drought-strickou land. Yester day ho stood up in tho Houso less influential thnii at any moment during tho past 15 yearn— a crippled Ajax, with a unit following. His re tirement hazes the political horizon, and renders propnecy precipitous, xt im rumourcu, iioworor, that already tho rostleHH Ictriglit i» coquetting with his at ono timo calloaguo, Sir Samuel Griffith. And thore aro turns in tho wheel of Queensland politics moro improbable, at the present timo, than a coalition Ministry with a HlraigUt-out protection policy as a trump-card. Onco this was Arranged, tho Morehcad party's existence would bo ono of sufferance. We aro now in tho Reason of the year whon hail storms, more or less violent, may bo ex pected, ami It is woll for our gardeners to pre- paro for tliein. A vory eovcro hail storm passed ovor a portion of tho West Moroton district lant Tuesday. Tho Fornvulo correspondent of tho Queensland Times wHIoh: — "A Hovoro hail Htorin passed over tho Brisbano Rivor Pocket, Fomvale, on the 21th, doing a conaidurablo amount of dauiago to fruit trees and vegetation. XI ail commonced to fall shortly after 0 o'clock in the afternoon, and did not ccaso for fully half- an-hour. Tho ground was covered with hail fully 2iu. thick. Tho storm did great damage at Messrs. M'Donald and Shine's, completely wrecking all fruit trees, grnpo vinos, ana pota- toes. Thoro will bo a poor prospect oi iruit in this (liKtrict this year owing to tho hail Btorm, The inhabitants in this district nay it was tho worst thoy had known. I have seen larger hail, but not ho much of it. Thero was hail on Mr. Daniel Shino's farm up to 7 o'clock at night on tho following day. Our fruit gardens looked splendid on tho morning of tho 2-lth— peach and mulberry trees wcro loaded with fruit, and grape vines had a splendid crap on. I counted GO bunches of grapes on one vino; orango trees full of blossom — everything was in a thriving way in tho morning, but a total wreck in Uto ovoning." The Ashwell corrosi>ouduiit of tho name paper writc» : — " On Tuesday afternoon a very severe hail storm paBRed over the Ashwell portion of tho Rosuwood Scrub, creating Had havoc in its path. Its duration was unusually long— nearly 20 minutes— for u storm of such violence, and tho 'stones' were of largo flizo, many being as largo as good-sized hen's cggB, whilnt not a fow wcro oven lurgcr. To-day thero is no difficulty in tracing the path of the storm — ico in sheltered nooks, damaged fruit trues, com, lucerne aud cabbages, with broken windows and battered roofH, all unmistakably tell their own tulo. Tho shudo trees and gardens of the Ktato school at Asliwcll Buffered uovcroly, tho children's gardens being ahnotib completely de stroyed." Henrt Smith, citizen and aldorman of London, who dtod in 1G28, showed a praise worthy solioitudo for his poor kin ; but gradu ally. as tbo growing prodoco of bis bounty ex ceeds their olaims, too world in genoral ib reaping tho bonofit of it. By his will ho gavo £1,000 to too poorest of his kindred — viz, siok, aged, and impotent porsonR, and such aacould not maintain thoir own charge — and this was to bo laid out in tho purolmso of lands of tho valuo of threescore pounds a year at tuo least. Soon aftor bis doatb tho logaoy was duly laid out it tho purohaao of a freehold estate situate in the parish of Kensington, Chelsea, and 8t. Martin-in-tho.Fields ; but in tiio coarse of timo tho incomo of £00 a yoar came to bo largely excooded. It ia now over £1,000, with Rurplus accumulations of £18,000. and is soonlikoly to £20,000. In 1877 somo 700 porsons claimed to bo the testator's kindred, and Sir Goorgo Jessol was called npon to docido whothor tbo wholo most bo divided among tbo poorest of theso, without regard to their actunl povory, or whothor only tho poor in tho ordinary sonRo of tho word, and indeed as desoribodin tho will could sharo. He adopted tiio latter view, and as, oonsoquontly, thero would bo a considor- ablo surplus, ho dirootod it to bo appliod to other charitablo objeots. It bos now becomo dcsirablo to havo theso determined ovor again, and a sohomo has been propod under tho Ii«n«!nii nf tbn Pnnrf Thrt mnlt nntniVOrthv point is tho proposal to dovoto a part of tho hinds to hospital parposos. According to the doctrines of equity, moaoy that cannot bo ox- ponded exactly according to the testators di rection is to go in pome similar manner ; and when the claims of poor kindred of the Gmith family havo been exhausted, and tho bonofit is to bo oxtondod to tho poor gcnorally, it would not bo easy to find a inoro suitable moans of doing thin than the propowod provision which was sanctioned origiually by Mr. Joetico Cbitty, and confirmed yesterday by tbo Court of Appeal. The miscellaneous ontartainmont last night in connection with the Primitivo Methodist 8unday School A nnivorsary was a very groat success, tho Itaff- stroot church being iqfnffl oiont in capacity to contain largo numbers who dosirod to gain admission. A long nnd excel lent nrogrammo of solos, dnots, and recita tions kopt too andionoo thoroughly ontortainod until noarly 11 o'oloek. Mr. Bnretoll presided. Owing to iho lateness of tho hour when tho ontortainmont oloRcd a full report must bo bold over for otir noxt isRuo. Yesterday shortly afternoon an individual nmusad himsolf in ItuRRell-atreet by driving a horso and dray baokwards and forwards from iho Btation gates to Goodrich's cornor at a pace hardly in accord with tbo Municipal by laws, nod endangorod a buggr and dray that chanced to bo in tho Rtreot. Ilo and his dray woro eventually stopped at O'Brion's storo, and an luok would havo it nothing serious happonod. Thla is au illustration of the neooFsity for soma ivspoetion ovor trafilo in this town, for bad tho furious driving ocoarrod a quarter of an hoar later sorious results might havo happonod, as all tho cabs woold bo toon rotnrning from tho station. The plain nnd fanoy dross Carnival hold at iho Skating Rink lant night proved a great sucoess, thoro being upwards of 209 peoplo present. The floor of too hall presented quite a gay appearance as tho statists swayed to and fro in_ thoir gracofnl movomonts to tho splendid timo of Krotsehmar's band. Tho dresses woro numerous in varioty and pretty in costumo, whito some went iu for tho modest ovoning dross, A fow littlo children woro conspiouons, amongst whom wnro a littlo black nin and blaokfcllow and a Chinoso mandarin. Tho grand march was held daring tho evening and, undor tbo supervision of Mr.-Jas. Paton, provod a groat suocoas, all tho various flguros boing per formed without ona singlo hitch. AU prosont eoomad to thoroughly oojoy thomsolvos. and ono thing wo coald not bolp remark ana that was tho absonco of roaghnoss that was usually notiocablo at tho rink whon Bnoh a largo eon .oourso of skaters woro brought togotbor. Thin is tbo finalo of tho rinking season this year. A maonificeNt contribution (says too Lon don Daily Ncirs) oxcecding £125.000, has boon mado to tho WoUh Calvinistio Mothodist Con noation by Mrs. ltoborto, formorly of Mold, Flintshire, who oonjointly with two sisters has jnstcomo into nn immonso fortune through tho aoath of hor brothor, Mr. Williaui Thomas Bljtbo, also a nativo of Mold, but who years ago omigrntod to Australia. Mrs. Roberts has givon £10,000 to the Foreign Mission Socloty.and £20,000 to too Welsh College at Bala. Tho romalndor (£1,800 caoh) sho has S'von to throo Welsh ohapols in Llvorpool. rs. Robortn, who is a widowed lady, is at prosont in Australia. It may bo of interest to add that thoro aro only four ohurohes belong ing to tho Calvioistio Mothodist Connoxion in Australia with 310 communicants, and 22G momborB of tho Sunday-school. The Silvor sheep shearing maohino, patented br Mr William 8ilvor, jun., of Tamworth, Now South Walos, promieos to bo a big suc cors. From what can bo gathorod "un oflloially," tho chief fcaturo in whioh itdiffors from the Wolsetev machine ia the nan of a. plain stool floxiblo shaft or tube, twisted as a ribbon might bo wound on a-mandrii, thus loaving orevioca: admitting tho air and per mitting tho application of oil, By this means tho gut is proscrvod from over-boating, und tho machinery may bo driven at tho rata of 3000 revolutions por minute, or GOO onto por socond. Tho maohino itself 1b also of novel oonstraotion, and is said to bo tho only ono which in a mornoot can bo opanod np and tho wholo of tho bearings exhibited. Tite British royal family enjoys tho follow ing annutios t — Tho Qaocn: Privy pnrso, £(30,000 ; salarios of lioueohold, £131.200 : ex ponsos of household, £172,500 ; royal bounty, io., £13,200; unappropriated, £8040; total, £385.000. Friooo of Walos, £40.000 ; Princess of Walos, £10,000 ; Duko of Edinburgh, £25,000 ; Princoss Christian of Sohleswig HolRtoin, £0000; Princess' Laniso, £0000 ; Duko of Connaught, £25,000 ; Prinooss Boa trico, £0000 ; Duohoss of Cambridgo, £(>000 ; Duohossof Meoklenburg-Strolitz, £3000 ; Duko of Cambridgo, £12,000; Dnchess of Teak, £5000; Daohess of Albany, £0000. This makes a neat little sum of £535,000 por annum which tbo British taxpayers put out for tho support of tho royal family. As Quoen Vic toria has twontytwo English grandohildron, tho prospoot is that tho British taxpayers will yot bo oallod upon to sottlo a good many annuities within tho noxt fow years, for tho Guolphs aro an oarly marrying roco, with a koon oyo to too main ohanoo. A oiioht has been frightening women and children at Rutherglon for Homo timo pant. One, ovoning last wcok tiio spiritual intruder created a disturbance) outride the window of a young man employed in tho town ; hut tho young man wasn't a hit afraid. On tho contrary, he soizod a waddy, jumped through Iho window mid luim- mcred tho ghost till ho begged for mercy, nnd announced himsolf qb a local pen driver. Ptiblio omnioii luiH now decided that thoro is not a guost within CO nutcs of tho town- Epitaph.— At vory oarly ogo I croakod, My health wab always bad ; CInb Houso Cigars I novor sinokod, Just don't 1 only wish 1 bad. Joitn H. Perkins has now loasod tho Criterion Ilotol. Drayton, wkcro tho publio can roly on roooiving tho boat alos, spirits, Ao. Evory aoeommodation afforded to tbono visit ing Drayton oither for pionieB or otherwise ; good stabling and privato rooms. J. II. P. invites all his numarons friends in Toowoomba togivohlma call whero ull will bo hoartily woloomo. The Toowoomba Donoslt Bank aro pur- obasors of good frooholu propertios fin Town and BuhnrbR. New seasons dross matorials, novelties in all fabrics, tno latest designs and snadas, somo lovoly goods; do not dolay to inspoot. — ANDUEW3, BOTB & Co. Peoi'LB aro saying that tho Toowoomba Pormanont Bonofit Building and Investment Society established for 14 years, is the oasicat and best Society for borrowers. Only 2s. Gd. fortnightly paymonta on loans of £20, and borrowore share in tho profits, thns making interest on loans not moro than 8 por cent. Farmers, squatters, atorokooporn, carpen ters, and all sorts and conditions of mon should havo a look, boforo ordering olsowhoro, at tho Woolleu Co r. goods. Good fit gnarantood or goods takon baok. A splondid show of now twoods and blankets that defy competition.— Adyt.1 The Toowoomba Deposit Bank aro pur ohosors of good frooholu properties in Town and 8ubnrba. The Toowoomba Deposit Bark rocoivo monoy on deposit at eurront rates of interost. New seasons goodfl now opening up in all donartmonts; an oarly inspoation kindly so lioitod.— Andrewb, Boys & Co. 