6 AN "OLD SCHOOL BOOK. i \---e j BT Tai ROVINO AusTttAtuif. The date under the name on the fly-leaf of this acid Horace' proves the possessor to be rapidly approaching that period of life which someone has aptly enough defined as " the old age of youth and the youth of. old age. But a man's recollection of his school days After an interspace of 28 years-a whoop generation-is like a day in the retrospect, and is as vivid almost as when he first loft^chool. i Whether it continues so into late life I cannot say, but in the case of U rolohti ve memory it probably does. Most men whose boyhood has been of average happiness are prone to looking back upon their school days as upon a period of ideal happiness, when pleasure came at call, and no sorrow was ever so poignant as that the morrow's dawn could not scatter it to the winds. As a matter of fact, of course, the time was no such halcyon one, for the storms that ruffled the tenor of our life in those days were read and bitter enough while they lasted. Still, in the boyhood of the great majority of lads, there is a large amount of keen and exquisite joy which it is a pleasure to remember when days are overcast, and life looks drab coloured, and " hope itself is far to seek. As I glance through the thumbed and annotated pages of this old Horace, a scene floats before me, as" instant as though summoned up by a magic mirror with miraculous powers of recalling the past I see a low-ceilinged room, with small paned windows looking out upon a sloping grassy play ground on one side, and on the other upon a public park. Map-hung are the walls, andink-Blained almost past recognition of their original colour. The boarded ceiling is dun-coloured with smoke, the desks and forms black with many years fric- tion of elbows and trousers, and eke carved with innumerable autographs and initials which have broken many a good ja,c]t-l,nifo, and earned for the young sculptors many n " hundred lines. It is a still warm summer afternoon. Thin slices of sunlight stole through the open windows, and the rhány-moatod on the dusty floor. There is at general sense of drowsiness everywhere, and most of all upon the class of boys seated at the desks with heads dropped low above their books. The master himself is foaling the poppy like effect? of the hot still air of the Austral afternoon, and is struggling not altogether successfully against the influences of the hour. In truth it is the pursuit of latinity under difficulties. I hear a sleepy voice, whose very inflections I can recall, droning through its appointed task, slowly threading a dim and darkling way, with a happy indifference, for the most part, to con cord, mood, and tense. l Que, and the, ho," murmurs the voice, ." Juegue, and he," contests the master, wearily. " Don't separate the conjunction ; how often must I tell you that, Petrie ?" ' ' J" Illeque, and he," drones Petrie. "Very good so far, Petrie-excellent so far." u" Illeque, and he also,';' blunders on the boy, Tainly putting off the time, for he has not the faintest idea of what comes next The master's stock of patience, which has been slowly ebbing away through a season unusually carelessly proposed, now quite breaks down, and without even troubling to get angry he takes up the text and construes the passage himself, to the infinite relief of almost every boy in the class ; even the captain himself, whom we all admired and envied with the unreason amid enthusiasm of boyhood, is less facile arid suggestive in his renderings to-day and conceals his indebtedness to Mr. Bohn (that good genie of young classicists, let those flout him who will for a mischievous will-o'-the-wisp) with less than his usual adroitness. Indeed, it is hard work for one and all toiling through the wanderings and misfortunes of the immaculate iEneas (whose adventures were not without zest for some of us under more favourable circumstances), or the epigrammatic worldly wisdom of "the "Venusian wrist on an afternoon like this. For every now and then, athwart the breathless stagnation of the warm air, there floats little wafts of a cooler wind, mere puffs, yet freighted with the salt smell of the harbour, which we cannot see, but which is not much more than a bowshot from the school windows. It is cruel ks v being sent within airless class-rooms, half asleep and wholly stupid, when we might be urging the light skiff through the cool rock shadowed waters of Mossman's Bay and Chowder, or dividing the blue wave with Mary arms. This thought has evidently occurred to the master, too, for the school is dismissed at 3 o'clock instead of 4, and we welcome the one hour's holiday with a keener zest' than in later life we do a month. An hour knocked off school-work is to a schoolboy immediate bliss ; sufficient for his day is the pleasure thereof, and he rarely or never poisons the moment by thought of the next. I find my Horace pretty extensively annotated with many a valuable private gloss, comment, and brief critical exegesis. It is of the innumerable school editions of Q. H. "Flnccus, that br Messrs. Fiend and Carmichael, than which there are few, I think, better suited for class purposes or for any purposes. Some of those elucidating marginalia have been either "buried from a crib or ribbon from a Bohn to recall the time honoured school quip-and some were, no doubt, the suggestions of the master. Against profanum vulgus stands the " uninitiated crowd," evidently an authoritative .' tip." The same fine scholar-still alive and doing valiant work for another generation would probably now translate it, " Philistine crowd." Rosa quo Decorum sera nwrctur-the "Pathe primrose that forsaken lies." Wasting my own parallel, I wonder? Perhaps we were reading "Lycidas'' at this time, a favourite English Study at the school. The writer must have begun the pernicious trick of verse making, which has pestered him more or less ever since, in those days, for I find the ad Fontein JJandusiao turned into English rhymes and rythms at the end of the volume. The version is literal and limping, and, on the whole, perhaps, neither better nor worse than might have been expected from a boy midway in his teens. This is the last stanza : x me every co-star, with us Burning Doom, Is powerless to hurt thy ice-cold stream, Where the tired oxen shun the noonday heat, And Toying flocks may find a cool retreat. Among the famous fountains thou shall rank, Through me, who Bing the scarlet oak that grows, High-planted in the hollow rocky bank, Whence leaping down thy babbling brooklet flows." into the school-books of most boys, my Horace is also adorned with various specimens of very early art." More ingenuous than ingenious these juvenile pictorial ventures are, for the gift of design is one of the rarest among boys. got one in five hundred can sketch, off-hand, the forms of man, horse, or dog, that do not need a very large label; whereas many other gifts, for instance, the musical faculty, are comparatively common. Both are no doubt equally the free power of nature, and it is a little difficult to understand why the one should, be so rare and the other so comparatively frequent The writer, as a boy, was supposed to possess some slight faculty for caricature but in looking back upon their example of his " early manner" how very slight The gift was becomes conspicuous and yet from the subjects of several of the sketches they might; almost be classed as " old inasterB.''"-1 The. only one of them all that reveals any faintest scintillation of real fun is that of Horace-himBoil. He is depicted as a little plump man, such as we have reason to, believe he was, dressed in " peg-top "' trousers those were the days of the peg-top, both for man and boy and a soft felt hat, arid vi oaring spectacles. The last appendage was, of course, the subtle method by which the young artist sought to indicate Horace's "1 constitutional weakness of sight. There is a gentle, ' half humourous, somewhat self-satisfied smile on, the face of the poet, suggesting the draughtsman's conception of his subject's character. As I muse over this little book, old "scenes start up before me into a strange actuality, Scenes, and incidents, and characters, and even speeches and phases that had thought must havolongsinoodrif tod into the limbo of lost recollections, but which, it seems, only needed some slight thread, of association to lead back to memory as clear almost as over. There are "characters " among school-boys just as among men, though, of course, they are not so common. We had some half dozen or so in our school, all of whom were regarded by their compeers as- decided originals. There was the boy who passed, the recognised Touchstone of the School. Running is not a very common accomplishment among school- boys luckily, perhaps, seeing that boys' puns are the very alphabet of wit. From no other source John you get such elementary adventures in word twisting except from the pages of Shakespeare. Our jester possessed one leading characteristic of the born punster-he was never ashamed of himself. His bump of reverence was a hollow, and no sort of enfore age was ever so serious as to bash him. A youth who would just over decimal fractious, for instance, stands outside the bounds of any known code of ethics. Nothing could in- spite such a boy with gravity of reverence not even the Archbishop of Canterbury, whom the incurable Sydney Smith pronounced to be his last illusion. Yet this boy could cut his joke in the very teeth of decimal fractions. The master (the head mathematical master himself always, it appeared to me, approached long division in decimals with an added seriousness of men) is standing before the blackboard,, and working out a more than usually long and difficult sum." He is just finishing the problem, "Then you count back eight figures in the dividend, and place your full stop." says he. " Yes ; that's the part that makes many a fool stop," remarks our word juggler, in a voice audible to everyone, including the master. The latter directs a look of crushing severity at the speaker ; but what can he say or do? It is difficult to proportion punishment to a thing like that We all feel that adult offenders of the same genus frequently deserve con- dign punishment ¡ but we should have some difficulty in assigning what the nature of it should be. So it was with the master in this instance. The whole class laughed, of course, and it did not escape notice that the ghost of a suppressed smile curled the lips of the master. And the boy escaped. Now, I have recorded this very trifling episode for two reasons. First, because, limp as the little fun moment is, it is really quite a brilliant example of schoolboy humour. Most juvenile puns tall im- measurably below tins, from which it may be generalised that the modern trick of word contes- tion, now so prevalent, is naturally foreign to humanity, but is the gradual not result of long and severe practice of a few original experimenters upon their suffering friends. Secondly, I have recalled the incident for the purpose of asking myself how in the world does it happen that such a trifling cir circumstance as this will cling in the memory so long ? Since those days what have I not forgotten ; what of moral, wise, practical, useful-sermons, lectures, homilies (some of them by the most distinguished divines) what heaps of advice from friends admirably versed in that sort of philanthropy, what bushels of didactic wisdom from book and platform, and all gone through one's memory like sand through a sieve, and yet that wretched little quibble, together with a thousand other flotsam and jetsam of equal insignificance, sticks like a burr in a shepherd's plaid. Is it that memory, like so many other things, is a good servant but a bad master, and that most of us allow ourselves idly to drift into its vassaldom. Or is it a faculty very little under our volition. There was another character at the school whose salient points are fresh in my memory. Will Longstaff I shall call him (he really bore an historic name flavouring of old ballad literature, as well as of modern heroic enterprise). Will's physical appearance was remarkable for its unladylike air of gravity and uniqueness. He always seemed to me to be twice or thrice as old as any of the rest of us, and as a matter of fact, he was a year or two the senior of the rest of the class. He was very tall, and bank, and southern jawed. Had I been familiar in those days with the book of the Knight of La Mancha, I think I should have found many fancied points of resemblance between the lean-ribbed Don and Lang staff. As it was, I always thought he bore a startling likeness to the portrait of the old Dutch skipper on the cover of " Snarleyow " in the old yellow-back edition of Captain Marryat's diverting and once much-read novel. »' Longstaff was a boy philosopher. He was a mixture of preternatural gravity and a quiet but keen sense of humour, which would sometimes curl his thin, long month with an elusive Maohiavoliaa smile. He was dignified and composed under whatever circumstances, but prone to jocose, some what elaborately phrased chaff of his fellows. He was an immense reader, for a boy, of English literature, and not of fiction merely. He possessed other characteristics not commonly found among boys, which I have not space to illustrate, but his attitude during class work may be referred to. In construing a passage from some Greek or Latin author, it was a not unusual thing for him to give a really happy and forcible rendering of some epithet or phrase. Then perhaps the master would remark " Is that your own, Langstaff ? " " Yes, sir it is. Bohn renders it rather differently, thus Will would reply, with the gravest of faces. On another occasion, when his turn came to con- strue, he remarked, " I shall have to pass the passage, sir; Ihwohonostly endeavoured to master it, but have completely failed." But what we regarded as the acme of sublime audacity was when, the master having himself construed a crabbed passage in Aeschylus, which Will had only suo coded indifferently with the latter said, *' Your rendering, sir, is distinctly superior to Bohn, who shirks the difficulty by a paraphrase." As very frequently happens in school life, longstaff, by the sheer sang-froid of his coolness, helped by his long, cadaverous, un- smiling face, usually escaped the penalty of what, in any other boy, would have been set down simply as " chook." School is but a microcosm of life. How often does the " chevalier of industry" carry off the situation, for a time at least, by dint of a valiant audacity that almost compels' admiration ? Lang staff was at all times more like a character out of Verdant Green" then like an ordinary school- boy. Another conspicuous figure in our old school was Harry Bonltby. He was our Had on' the Wynd,'' for truly he " fought for his own hand " if over boy did. Like Dr. John Brown's immortal "Bah," life was " full of seriousness," and in the case of both dog and boy the " seriousness '" arose from the same cause, namely, the , quantity of fighting which each always had on hand. When Healthy was not fighting someone himself, he was arranging a meeting between two other boys. It very frequently happened that some youngster in the lower forms, while peacefully engaged at his writing lesson during afternoon school, would have a small slip of paper handed along to him, bearing the following legend, " Jackson says he'll fight you. after school." This message had travelled, by hand post, all the way from the fourth form, and in nine cases out of IO owned Boultby for its author. Generally speaking, Jack Son had never said anything of the sort, but was at the moment as peacefully unconscious of all war- like inventions as the challenged. But he, too, got a similar bulletin, and both boys at once appreciate the situation. They know that, although there is not the least bad blood between them, they have got to light. The higher powers have decreed it, and there is no appeal. Accordingly at 2 o'clock they do meet in the play- ground, in the centre of a ring of their encouraging and applauding schoolmates, and both being small boys do each other little harm that cannot be remedied by the application of cold water. These duels were frequently drawn battles, and the two boys were afterwards about as good friends as over, as indeed there was no initial reason why they should not be. At all such functions Harry was in immense form, advising, exhorting, and cheering on his particular protégé for the time being with the greatest zest, and, at the time, the greatest knowingness. These subtle tournaments when between small boys were, as I have Bau!, harmless enough, but I have known fights between bigger lads attended with heavy punishment to both combatants. Indeed, these latter were sometimes rather brutal exhibi- tions, but there is a do ii of the animal in most boys, and much that appears as brutal and bloody minded to an adult eye is natural and even cora readable according to a boy's view of life. I can remember a fight at the old school lasting a whole week. Each of the boys went home to his midday meal, and so the long noon-day recess could not be utilised for the combat, and the five minute) inter- mission between every hour was all the time they had to come and go on. But the combatants made the most of those brief snatches of time, and fought like young tigers. The encounter excited im- mense interest in the school, and even among one or two of the masters, we had reason to believe. One of the principals was a recognised expert in the boxing art a very Dares among bays. But he met his Entollus in his opponent-a comparatively new boy in the school, a lean, hard, freckled-faced, shock- headed Scot, who, less scientific than his adversary (here the comparison with Entollus breaks down, I doubt), had as much pluck, and even more endurance, an impregnable, preposterous fellow, who absolutely never knew when he was beaten, and who, like an india-rubber ball, the harder you hit him rose the more persistently. The fight ended at last in a draw, the partisans of both sides claiming the victory. There may he some who read those lines who can recall that redoubtable encounter, long remembered in the pugilistic records of the school. While I have been resummoning and rehabilita- ting these early memories, the school has separated for the day, and the boys have scattered to the four points of the city. With five of them only have I anything to do at present, ignorant parva part for. This quartette, all sixth form boys, pass quickly along College-street, past the Museum, down William-street, and so down one of the several thoroughfares leading from William-street to Woolloomooloo Bay until they reach the boatsheds. At one of these they have a certain four-oared gig, a long narrow craft, somewhat crank from ago at this time, and requiring much baling out, but swift in the water, and comfortable enough as long as you kept her dry. The five boys are soon in their respective places, the ears are shipped, and the old boat shoots across the bay. Past Garden Island, past Fort Denison, and then we make for one of the bays on the North Shore side. We push up the narrow bay as far as we can go, running the gig's now at last in among the long sea reeds which at that time grew tall and rank at the head of the little estuary. Then we unship our oars, and from the bottom of the boat produce a basket which we had purchased on our way from school. The basket is filled to the brim with " slipstone," large, damask cheeked, with a dark rose bloom on them richer than that on the lip of any brunette beauty e, which fruit of the gods we could then procure for sixpence the do-too. Boys are about the only people who understand how to eat fruit. They don't pick daintily at- a peach or a nectarine at the end of a long list of courses, when the palate has become so spoiled, and the appetite so jaded, that all the subtle and ethereal essences of the fruit are lost upon them. They make a meal of fruit, get from it the full, true, and unmingled savour, and fortunately bring to their banquet digestions almost as elastic as their appetites. We spend our ambrosia banquet with inconsequent jest and undisciplined laughter, and have long since forgotten the hot and airless classroom, and that there are such things in the universe as the "subjunctive mood in composi- tion (on, thohopolcBsintricacies of vi and gutters ! ) or " Let X equal the unknown quantity." What a relief, after excursions into the land of hypothesis and theorem, in which truly we went, " sounding on a dim and perilous way," to strike the bedrock of the knowable and the concrete in two-a-penny slipstone. There is not a single fruit left at the bottom of the rate now, and so we ship oars again and face- for home. The sun is dropping behind the low hills, Fort Denison is floating in B. smooth sea of pale shimmering crimson, and the rocks on Lady Macquarie's Chair are projecting long cool shadows across the harbour. Rowing is delightful in the tranquil hush of the sunset hour, with the harbour breathing cool little airs from its placid bosom, and our boat shoots through the unresisting wave like a water bird. When we haul up the gig the purple shadows of the brief southern twilight are gathering over rock and tree, and water, and the skirts of night's mantle are already trailing over Bradley's Head. Australian boy reader, if there be any such among the persons of these line-, are you fully aware of what pleasant places your lines have fallen in I daresay hundreds of Sydney lads are now going through much the sam experiences as I have here tried to describe. Let them one and all make the most of their golden boyhood, for it "* is the Augustan period of their life. Whatever the future may have in store for you, whatever lucky turns of fortunes wheel may be awaiting you, I feel bound to tell you that you will get nothing finer than you now have. To he home in " a boon southern country," to have the free run of a boat and a harbour at your doors to float it on, and to be able to regale your toils at the oar with slipstone peaches life has nothing better to offer than this. And yet upon reflection even the boy cannot wholly seize the moment even he looks before and after," and thinks there is something finer beyond. Like the country folk whom Virgil upon trophies in the Georges, boys do not entirely know their own good luck. They would not choose to remain boys could they have the choice. Yet " What would youth be doing To hoist his crimson sails, To leave the wood doves- cooing, The song of nightingales ; To leave this woodland quiet For must mining winds at strife, For waves that foam and riot About the seas of life ? " They do not heed the warning 1 , Blown back on every wind ; For hope is born of morning, The secret lies behind. sashes They only see the sunlight, The flashing of gold bars ; But the other side is moonlight, And glimmers of pale stars." RUKKEL RODD, There is nothing that happiness resembles more than the jam which the White Queen gave to Alice. Alice you remember was to get it " every other day," which she discovered meant " jam yesterday, jam to-morrow, but never jam to- day." 