FICTION. I «" ? ¡o; -- From Kiigllah. American, and olhtr PcrlmHcnli. \--:0: Karl Von Linden; OR, THE BNIDHT OF 7HS HIDBSN CIIOSS. CHAPTER V.-(Continuad). " Karl von Linden !" replied the presence, in I .deep and solemn tones, " it were best for thee to I speak the truth. Thine own curiosity led thee hither. Thou wouldst see if the spirit of Sir Ulric did indeed inhabit these chambers. For this night rest in safety, but beware how thou trespassest upon my domain again ! Now answer me : What , seek ye at the Castle of Edenburg ?" " I came hither for rest and shelter," replied "Karl. "Lie not, but speak the truth !" pronounced the .spectre, sternly. "Thou wouldst not have come so far out of thou way for rest. What is thy purpose at Edenbnrg ?" i Karl was trembling, not with absolute fear, but with awe and suspense. How should he answer i this question? Should he venture to beard the grim presence-should he tell the truth, or should lie remain passive, as though he could not speak if he would ? The latter course seemed the most prac- ticable, and he clapped his hands over his eyes and shrank back as though afraid. " Wilt thou not answer ?" demanded the spectre j and as He spoke another peal of thunder crashed through the tower, ' "In Heaven's name, uneasy spirit," spoke Or- lando, who knew not surely whether his master were sore afraid or only hiding his speech. " What seekest thou with us ? If thou be truly Sir Ulric and have knowledge as we poor mortals deem that spirits have, then it must be known to thee that Karl von Linden is a true and loyal knight, whose presence at Edenburg can only he for good. And as for me, I have fought by Sir Ulric's side, against the Saracen, and have sung his praises through the Christian camp. " Surely, brave Orlando, I wished thee no harm j but be warned in season. Trespass not again. An- other night within the Paladin's Tower may be thy last of earth !" Following this came another thunder peal ; the sulphurous vapor arose in a dense masB, and when the cloud next bioke the spectre was gone. Sir Karl leaped from the bed, followed by Orlando» 'The taper upon the table was still burning, and liaving seteed it, they inspected the floor wheie the ghostly presence had stood. But there was no mark, no sign, not a break, nor a crevice. They went to the door, and found it as they had left it. They looked along the wal's, and the massive stones -thereof were firm and intact. Then the twain looked at each other. " Orlando, what think you of it ?" " In truth, my master, I know not." v " But ait thou sure that it was the face of Sir Ulric ?" " As sure as I am that I am alive. I remember him well-remember him when he looked as he looked this night." "It is strange-very strange. But the ghost will not be likely to disturb us again-not again to-night-so we will once more seek our rest, and think of this wonderful thing on the morrow." As had been anticipated, the remainder of the night was passed in quiet, and early in the morning the old seneschal made his appearance, bringing in a ewer of water, and a basin, with napkins ; and after Karl had performed his ablutions the oldman asked how the night had been passed. Had the Spectre Baron disturbed them ? «. Our hero had no desire to conceal anything from Harold, so he told all that had transpired. The< old man listened and shook his head. " It is well that you are warned in season," he said. '< It will not be well for you to trust yourself in this tower again." " But," suggested Karl, " if this spirit is wan- dering thus unhappily through these old, deserted chambers, there must be a cause." "Aye," answered Harold; "and that cause I deem to( be the mysterious disappearance of War beck, together with the secret he held in charge." " Then why does not the spirit seek the aid of .living friends ? Surely it mußt know that friends, firm and true, are ready and willing to render such ,aidj if a way can be pointed out." Harold looked grave and serious. "One word, sacredly between ourselves, and we -will let the matter rest for the present," he said, i " I fear me that until Caspar leads a different life, the spirit of Sir Ulric will not rest. I know not« that the present lord of fedenburg is guilty of any heinous crime ; but he has displayed his hardness of heart in giving aid and shelter to the murderers of his noble father." Without further remark the knight and his, esquire followed the seneschal from the tower, and .when they reaehed the eating-room they found .breakfast alrerdy served. _ ' At a later hour Sir Karl received an invitation! to join the ladies', whom he found in a well-lightedi apartment over-looking the southern court. They ? greeted him cordially, and he felt his heart bound and warm beneath their smiles. The countess was kind, even to tenderness, and her gaze was earnest and absorbing. When she spoke, her voice was low and sweet, at times hesitating, as though her thoughts were running away from her speech. In her presence, and beneath the gaze of her mild, ethereal eyes the knight experienced a strange thrill of mystic yearning-a yearning to know that woman's story, and to share her sorrows, for that she had had sorrows he knew full well. Not only were their traces upon her fane, but he remembered the words which Harold had spoken, and he thought of the secret which had been lost with Warbeck. With Lucille it was different. Her beauty flashed upon him like the beams of the morning sun, and in the light of her smiles he felt new vigor and life. She gazpd upon him, not as though she would read his soul, but only to find an answering smile in his eyes ; and when she spoke, it was that shffnright heafhis voicaUn reply:-^---- - - Of all the powers that attack the human heart love is surely the most potent ¡ and when the affections are in the spring-time of life, fresh and untrammeled, roaming through the world of ro- mance fancy free, then it is that they close up with fostering care about the citadel where young love is enthroned, giving s strength and vigor to the ecstatic emotions which may never again be equalled, j , , t Kaçljvon Linden,held the hand of Lucille de Se. Rosenthal in his grasp, and knew that his heart was the seat of an emotion that had never thrilled bira before ; and he wondered if it were possible that she could care for him. He was not so ignorant of hiB own spirit and its movings as to mistake the character of_this new inspiration. He bad borne the beautiful presence in his dreams through the eventful night; and he had not been long in her company now before he knew that he Joved her. A new heaven of hope was opened to him, and life had grown doubly dear to him. Be- neath the influence of this magic influx his words were baiting upon his lips, when the countess addressed him. She hoped that Harold had been faithful, and that his night's rest had been unbroken. " Karl had not been prepared for the question, and hesitated in his answer. "Ah1" quickly cried Leonora, with visible emotion. " You slept in the Paladin's Tower ?" "I did, lady." "And you saw the-the-spectre that haunts the place ?" The knight, hesitated but for a moment. He had nothing to conceal from one who must have heard the story many times. " I saw a presence, fair lady, that filled me with wonder-a presence that gained ingress to my chamber I know not how." " You saw the face ?" "I did." "And did you recognize it ?" " Not I, lady ; but my esquire was sure he knew the features well." " And your esquire-" " Was' at Palestine-was at Acre-and there knew the former lord of Edenburg." " And this spectral presence which you beheld in the old tower-" " He recognized as the counterpart of Sir Ulric." " O ! what can it mean ? why should he appear thus to others and not to me ?" "Perhaps," suggested Karl, "the spectre only visits the Paladin's Tower." "But I have sought the presence even there, Sir Karl. They thought me mad ; they told me 'twas dangerous; but I could not withstand the strong desire. It it was my husband, thus doomed to midnight wanderings, I wished to see him-to know if help could be found-to know if my undy- ing love could serve him. I sought those gloomy chambers, and spent weary and watchful nights there, but he did not come. And yet he comes to others. O ! would to Heaven I knew the dread secret !" Karl, deeply moved, arose and took the countess's hand. " Dear lady," he said, " I cannot tell you how this thing has affected me ; but I do assure you that I will solve the mystery, if possible. You shall not remain always in doubt, if I have power to remove the cloud." " But how, Sir Karl ? How can you seek further light?" " I will seek it in the Paladin's Tower." " In the tower !" cried Viola. " O ! no, no « Think of the terrible threat that spectre made.'' And she revealed in that moment that the welfare of the gallant knight was of moment to her. Karl bent upon her-a grateful look, with more of love and blessing beaming from his dark blue eyes than he would have dared to speak in words, at the same time answering : " Fear not, lady. If this be truly the spirit of Sir Ulric, there can be no danger, albeit in his moods of unrest he makes such dire announcements. A knight so brave and a friend so true could never even in suffering of spirit, do harm to one who only held his memory to reverence and bless it. No» no ! If it be the baron's spirit, I fear it not." " But," suggested Lucille, trembling with appré- hension, " suppose ilrshould be some spirit of evil» assuming the baron's guise and name ?" " Then," replied Karl, " it is a foul interloper and an imposter, without the power to execute its dastard threats. But enough. Leave the matter with nie. I will not be rash. I have too much in life to hope for." And he looked into Lucille's watchful, anxious eyes as he spoke, as though his hope were there. ;i ~ . J11 i A She gave him her hand, and said : " Pardon me if I have seemed over anxiousi ? ,We have so few whom we can trust as rfriends that we cannot willingly see them exposed to unnecessary danger." " Truly spoken," resjron^gd^tyeioounte.ss., " And now," arising from her seat, "in ordertto put away the gloom and invite brighter themes, suppose we walk out into the court. You have seen but little of our castle yet, Sir Karl." CHAPTER VI. i CASPAR VON EDENBTJRQ. Leonora von Edenburg walked in the out court, and upon the wooded slope beyond the walls ; but she was bilent and thoughtful, inclined to the companionship of her own meditations ; so Karl and Lucille were left to entertain themselves, which they found no difficulty in doing. The knight told of the gay festivals and tournaments at Aix la Chapelle, and of gallant deeds in the lists ; while the maiden told of the life at the castle, and of her recollections of ,t¡he Holy Land. And so passed time away until the dinner hour had arrived. In the afternoon the countess retired to her own chamber, and for a time Karl and Lucille were alone together in the apartment where they had met in the morning. " Sir Karl," said the fair girl, with a bright smile playing around the dimples of her cheeks, "do you know that we women are entitled to muoh con- sideration on the score of Constitutional curiosity?" " I have yet to learn that women are more curious than are those of the opposite sex," re- turned the knight) gallantly. ""Oh, yes, I think we are far more curious. Now I am curious to know what means that devic« upon your shield." " Ah, lady," replied Earl, evasively, " that is a mere faney." " But even a fancy may have a meaning," per- sisted Lucille. " Knights do not adopt a device which is to distinguish their arms from all others without some signification."' " And why are y«u curions to know the meaning of my device ?" our hero asked, seriously. "Truly, Sir Karl, I was frst led to the thought by the desire of the countess to know the same thing." " "Was she curious to understand it ?" " She was more than curious. She was eager and anxious." Karl Bat for some moments in silence, gazing first upon the vacant seat which the countess had' that' morning occupied, and then into the face of his companion. " Dear lady," be at length said, "I fear the only answer I can at present give will but serve to in- crease your curiosity to a still higher pitch. From my earliest recollection I have borne a cross hidden from the world. I bear it willingly, because I trust it may yet result in good. The bidden cross upon my shield is but a similitude of that which I bodily bear. Whence it carno I know no.fc, I only know that one whom I was wont to love and respect -whom I once cherished as my only earthly friend -told me that through its means I might, if I lived, and walked honqrably and uprightly, attain to great go id. Suiter me, lady, to bear it yet awhile longer in secret. I have a reason for it, I do assure you." "Pardon, pardon, fair sir1" cried Lucille, with visible emotion. "I pray you, consider my ques- tion as never asked " "Nay, dear lady, not so. Let me rather hope that at some future time I may answer you more fully." Lucille was upon the point of replying when the door was unceremoniously opened, and a man looked in. He was of middle-age, tall and Bpare of frame, with a cat-motion, and not unlike the feline gem» in his manner of peering about him. His head was covered by a thick growth of sandy hair, his fea- tures of the vulture mould, while his eyes, whioh seamed capable of looking several ways at the samo time, so rapid and changeful were their motions, had a greenish tinge, with a glow in the deep shade such as is seen in the eyes of those beasts of prey that prowl in the obscurity of night. This man teok a survey of the department, and then asked for the Lady Leomora. Lucille, shuddering and drawing back, replied that the countess was probably in her own chamber whereupon the »trader made a profound bow, and retired. " Lucille, who is that man ?" The maiden looked quickly up, with a flush of gratification upon her face, as she heard her name thus frankly and confidingly pronounced ; but when she remembered the subject of the question, the troubled look came again, and the shudder returned. "He is the lieutenant of the castle, and Sir Caspar's chief officer. His name is Wolfgang." " He seems to take much interest in my affairs," said Karl, " Twice have I discovered him upon my track when he could only have been watching my movements. He has a wicked face, and evil eye. What is his character ?" % "Do you think he can beat the door?" queried Lucille, in a whisper. Karl went and looked out into the corridor, and reported that the way was clear. " I can tell you, Sir Karl, what Harold has told me, and what I have heard, too, from others. This Wolfgang waB once a forester ; that was before Sir Ulric's death. But it is believed that he was not altogether devoted to the interests of Edenburg in those days. Those who have the means of knowing say that he was a member of the black Wolf band, and that he made the office of forester a cover under which to gain intelligence of the coming and going of travellers that might be worth rob bing. When Caspar became Baron of Edenburg he installed Wolfgang as his lieutenant, since which time the man has exercised full sway in the castle during his master absence. He is a tool of Sir Caspar's, and I fear him." "And you think he came hither to spy upon us ?", "Yes." " But what can be his object ?" The maiden looked up into Karl's face, and then tremblingly, drooped her head. "I can imagine his object," she said, striving with herself. "Sir Caspar, you know is my guardian. By my father's deed I was made a ward of Edenburg, and when Caspar assumed the title, up on the death of his father, he also'assumed guardian- ship over me. Lately he has sued for my hand in marriage-" "Your hand! In marriage' Caspar von Edenburg '" "Yes." , "And will you-can you-for a moment-" " Sir Karl, I dread and loathe the man ! I would rather die than be his wife." And in the intensity of her emotions she placed both her hands upon the knight's arm, and looked beseechingly up into his face. " Then what have you to fear, dear lady ?" " Ah, sir, yon do not know Sir Caspar. He is a bold, bad man ; and he is my guardian. Tkink where I am-my every movement watched by his devoted servants- all chance of escape or succour cut off-away in this far-off castle-and he my guardian !" " How much longer does his term of guardian- ship continue ?" v '* Only one short; month] and fhat which might be otherwise a source of hope is to me a source of fear and alarm. As the term of his legal power draws to a close he becomes more bold and pressing in his Buit, and intimates that I shall be his wife whether I will or no." Karl's eyea flashed, his cheeks burned, and his broad, full bosom heaved with the unwonted feel- ings that stirred his soul. " Lady," he said, taking one of her hands, " will you accept me as your champion ? Will you give to me thb right to protect you against all danger? Will you confide in me when you have need of help?" i Lucille de St. Eosenthal was but a simple-hearted maiden, reared amid the stern realities of life, where no flattering tongue of toying gallanthad ever tampered with her affections or giving her teaching of dissimulating. Her thoughts were pure, and her use of language had ever been to express the truth as she felt it. With glowing cheek and beaming eye she returned her companion's eager look, and frankly replied : " Yes, yes/ Karl, I accept you for my cham- pion." "0 !" cried the enraptured youth, carried away by the strong love that now held the whole of his heart, "if I dared to hope-" He hesitated, and stopped. What right had he to take advantage of the confidence which she had reposed in him-a confidence given him upon his i own earnest request? None. But he had said enough. Lucille's quick ear had caught the words and the tone, and her throbbing heart had taken the fire upon its altar. " Sir Karl," she said, with her hand still resting in his grasp-she looked straight np into his face, and her eyes were wondrously bright and beaming in their liquid light-"the brave and true man may always dare to hope. Be my champion now ; save me from the impending evil if you can ., and when the cloud is passed and I am free, I will seek no other champion if thou art true and steadfast." , Karl von Linden would have been more or less than human could he have resisted the impulse of that blessed moment. He opened his arms and drew the noble girl to his bosom ; and as he held hertbere, he murmured : " As I do unto thee, so may Heaven do to me ; Dear Lucille, I have more power than you think. Caspar von Edenburg shall not do thee harm while I liTe." She did not strive to free herself from the knight's embrace, but rested therein as rests one who has found safe shelter from the coming storm. During the day Harold had prepared an apart- ment for Sir Karl in the main keep, and when night came he and his esquire were conducted thither. Our hero had by no means given np the idea of further and thorough investigation in the old tower j but he would, not prosa It now. He would take time to consider, and await the circum- stances attendant upon Sir Caspar's return. The apartment to which Harold had now con- ducted the guests, was small, but very comfortable, and had beon furnished with two good beds. It was within one of the northern turrets of the keep, and the embrasures looked out upon the mountains. " Sir Karl," said Orlando, after the seneschal had gone, " I opine that the baron's greeting will not be very friendly when he meets us." " Ah, and what have you discovered?" "I have discovered that the beautiful Lady Lucille leans very confidingly upon your arm, and that she looks up into your face as though you were her friend." " Well ?" said the knight, interrogatively. " It might be all well, my master, if the baron himself did not interpose a prior elaim to the lady's confidence." "Come, come, Orlando, no beating about the bush, but out with you secret. I know Caspar von Edonburg's plans touching the fair lady, and I know that she fears and loathes him. Now what do you know beyond that ?" " Have you marked a tall, evil-eyed man, named Wolfgang ?" queried the eBquire. " Aye, T have marked him well. He is lieutenant of the castle, and Sir Caspar's chief henchman." " Well, my master, he has been watching you, and I have, at the same time, been watching him. His look is dangerous. We may be nearer to the entrance of the lion's den than we have thought, I am well satisfied that the baron of Edenbürg is in seeret league with the robber knights. Not that he ever j'oins them in their predatory excursions he might not dare thus to compromise his name but he shields them, and accepts tribute from them and if he knew our true mission to the Schwarz- wald, he would be very likely to give us trouble." " I think I understand the situation, Orlando. Both the countess and the lady Lucille are in -my confidence, and, thvis aided, together with the friendship of Harold and his companions, I think we may be able to hold our own. We will wait until Sir Caspar arrives." " And then," added the esquire, " the game will begin ia earnest." " The sooner the better," responded Karl, as he unbuckled his sword and threw it upon his bed. " Sleep well to-night, Orlando, for on the morrow you must ride to Strasburg." " Have you despatches for Aix ?" " I shall have before the morrow's sun is very high." ( Without further remark, Orlando retired to his bed, while his master opened his portmanteau, and took therefrom a sheet of parchment, an ink-horn, and a pen ; and having seated himself at the table, he proceeded to write. His epistle was not a long one, and when he had folded and superscribed it, he bound it with a bit of silken'tape, and placed his seal upon it. This done, he sought his rest. In the morning, as soon as breakfast was eaten, Sir Karl announced his intention of taking a ride in the wood ; and he asked the old porter, whom he knew to be one of the followers of the baron, which was the pleasantest route for viewing the wild scenery of the mountains. The way was pointed out, and the knight set forth. He rode with his esquire to the highway upon the bank of the Rhine, and there he stopped. a " Beyond here, Orlando, there can be no danger. You will reach Strasburg early this afternoon. Deliver the packet at once to the courier or to his agent, and request that it be forwarded without delay. Having done that, you can return at your leisure. If you are questioned, you may only re- member that you went to get letters for me." Karl returned to the castle, and when asked concerning his esquire, he simply remarked that he had found himself so far on the road towards Strasburg that he had concluded to send Orlando on for letters. Just before noon, on the following day, Orlando came back safe and sound, and fortunately he brought two letters for his master, which he was careful to deliver in the presence of Wolfgang. ¡ 10ne day more, and towards evening Sir Caspar von Edenburg returned to his castle, and was received in state by his household. «He was a tall, heavily-framed man ; with broad, square shoulders, a short, thick neck, and features much marred by passion and indulgence. His hair was of a dull, sandy hue, gathering about his head in close, crisp curls j his brow was low, and deeply furrowed, and his eyes, of a bluish gray, were small, deep-set, and fox-like. While the baron's followers, to the number of half-a-score, were betaking themselves to their re- spective apartments, there to lay aside their arms, he walked with Wolfgang in the court and seemed to be deeply interested in the story which his lieutenant had for his ear. At length Sir Caspar entered the keep, and repaired to his chamber; and when he had put off his armour, and donned his baronial robes, he descended to the hall, and received Sir Karl von Linden, who was presented by the lieutenant. He extended his hand, and very graciously bade the visitor welcome to Edenburg ; and he also extended a'kindly greeting to Orlando. After they had become seated our hero drew forth the imperial passport, and handed it to his host, remarking, as he did so : "ii do not deem, Sir Caspar, that this is needed to recommended me to your hospitality j but it i may show you that I am no mere wandering adventurer." . / The baron unfolded the parchment, and Beau. For the moment his brow was contracted, and his lips were compressed ; but he overcame the emotion or, at least, the outward show thereof, and handed back the document. " You aro right. Sir Karl. No imperial decree can add to the welcome of a true knight within these walls. And yet I am glad to know that I entertain a servant of our good emperor ; for such I take you tobe." Karl bowed in token of acquiescence. " Are you upon any special commission ?" aaked the baron, bluntly. " I have been intrusted by the emperor with the work of ascertaining the'condition of his loyal barons, together with the number of armed men they can respectively command and bring into the field should occasion require. Since the last crusade, in which so many of our barons were engaged, no complete record of the military strength of the empire has been made.". _ Sir Caspar looked hard into the face of the youthful knight as he thus replied; but he did not express any doubt or dissatisfaction. He simply remarked that he should be happy to afford all the assistance in his power, and very shortly afterwards supper was announced. Later in the evening Orlando sought his master and drew him aside. *' Have you observed, Sir Karl, that a guard has been detailed for the barbican ?" "No. I thought the, portcullis was lowered and the gate closed at night." " So they are, and this guard has been detailed besides." . * .. v ,rGo on, Orlando. Tell me what you know." " I have seen Harold, and he has informed me that no one is to Jeave the castle and that no message ia to be sent out without the baron's ex- press permission." " Ah ! he suspects me, does he ?" " It would so appear." ' " Very well. So be it. The only message I have need to send is already on its way to Aix. Have a care, good Orlando, and keep your eyes about you." " And you will Ho the same, Sir Karl ?" " I will, most assuredly." Before retiring our hero walked out into the ballium, and observed that there was a light in the watch-tower of the barbican, and that a sentinel paced to and fro beneath the heavy arch. "Well, well," he soliloquized, as he turned back towards the keep, "this cannot stay my work, though it may interfere somewhat with my plans. I must know more of this baron before I take any decisive steps." (To be continued.) 