FUNNY TRANSLATIONS. Oxr account of the late Germen Emperor's funeral, writes David Ker in IIarper's ireekly, stated thatthe sermon waspreached on a text taken from " the Book of Jacob "-a hitherto unknown portion of Holy Writ-the real words being the "Epistle of James" (Jakob). An English translation of a German novel rendered Ieh habe cinen Gast bekommen (I have got a guest) by "I have become a ghost." Another trans formed " food for reptiles " into " the Diet of Worms." In a French version of "Guy Man nering," the phrase "a stiekit minister" (unsuccessful preacher) figured as ino ministre assassitd. Nor are the titles of books a less fruitful field of mistranslation than their con tents. A Vienna translation of George Eliot's "Felix Holt, the Radical," was entitled "Felix; Hold the Rascal i" The play of "Love's Last Shift" was reproduced in Paris as "La Dernisro Chemise de l'Amour." Rob Roy still figures in Russia as Bob the King, "Roy" having been confused with "Roi." A similar misconception turned Mndmoires de Roy d'Argens into Memoirs of a Silver King- an exploit almost rivalling that of the farmer who named a pet rooster " Robinson " because he " crew so." Most admirers of the Duke of Wellington are familiar with the Iron Duke's characteristic answer to his secretary's question as to what reply he should send to Marshal Junot's proposal of an armistice : "Tell him to be [something unprintable] in civil French." How the poor secretaryacquitted himself of this rather difficult commission is still a mystery; but he probably followed the example of the polite man who, not wishing to give a romancing talker the lie direct, assured him that "if he were to write a book of fiction, it would have a wonderful sale." But the palm of mistranslation is certainly due to an Englishman who some years ago came to a foreign teacher to be "finished" in Ger man, and was asked to write a sentence in colloquial English, and then to translate it. He wrote: " He has bolted, and has not settled his bill," translating it by "Er hat verriegelt, nod hat nicht einsiedelt seinen Schnabel." "Verriegeln" meaning "to bolt a door," "einsiedeln" to "settle as a colonist," and "Schnabel " "tlid bilIof a bird," this extra ordinary sentence really signified, "He has driven in a bolt, and has not colonized his beak.".-Pall fMall. 