Decision. BY EEV. C. H. SPTJEGEON. "As forme and my house, we will serve the Lord." Joshua xxiv. 15. Joshua know that the people who surrounded him were nominally worshippers oif Jehovah, but in very deedmany of them had turned aside unto strange gods. Now, being a thorough-going, decided, downright man, Joshua could not endure double-mindedness, and therefore .he pushed the people to decision, urging them to serve the Lord with sincerity, and, if they did so, to put aWay together all their graven images. He shut them up to a present choice, and gave them no rest in their half-heartedness. To compel thom to avow their decision, he declared his own. A man's own personal -example is eloquent beyond the power of words. Joshua, like his friend Caleb, " followed the Lord fully he, might have taken for his motto the word " thorough." He belonged to Jehovah, heart and soul, and mind, and strength. As tho successor of Moses, and the type of the Lord Jesus, he put on zeal as a cloak, and girded himself with fidelity as a garment. His appointed duty was fulfilled with martial strictness and unswerving steadiness ; he had á singlo eyo and a firm hand. He was strong and of good courage, and the Lord was with him. It was no idle boast when the old warrior and prince in Israel said, "As for me and my house, we will serve tho Lord." We admire fidelity in Joshua, and we confess that he neèded it, but we may forget that in all times it is imperative upon men to take their stand FOE GOD AND TRUTH. In the first household outside of Eden Abel had need to protest against his elder brother's exam ple, and to die in consequence. Enoch, when all around walked according to the course of this world, dared to be singular, and "walked with God. Each ago had its man whose heart was fixed, trusting in the Lord, to serve as a landmark for weaker saints to Bteer by, arid a rock against which' the tumult of the people raged in vain. Look at Moses, counting the reproach of Christ greater riches than all the treasures of Egypt, exciting a sluggish race to action^ facing the tyrant ; king, and conducting . Israel. into the wilderness. What à princely soul grace made him ! Remember Samuel and David, Nathan and Elijah. What grandeur surrounded the head Of the Tishbite because he was exceedingly zealous for the Lord God of Israel ! No time-server" he, as Jezebel and Ahab knew full well. In New Testament times John the Baptist rises to the front rank by his resolute fidelity, and Pilate sinks to eternal shame by reason of his vacillation. Paul is covered with renown, while Agrippa, who is "almost persuaded," is lost in oblivion. In each age decision has been the one thing wanted ; to bend, and bow, and cringe has béen fatal ; to stand like iron columns and brazen walls has been safety and honor.' ' To day the like firmness is needed. Wo, too, must take bur stand; and, taking it, must hold it as though we were rooted to the ground. O blessed Spirit, give us grace for this ! Faithful Redeemer,' set thine image upon us that we too may resist even unto blood, striving against sin. My discourse shall run thus : " Decision for the Lord; let me describe it, extol ;it, and demand it. I. Let me describe it. Decision implies first, that ' ' ; ALL HESITATION IS GONE. There is a period when the thoughtful mind hangs .in equilibrium; it is a question which way the scale will turn. This was all over in the case of Joshua; he had finished the proving of all things, j and reached the holding fast pf that which is good. The scale had gone down for God and his cause. Doubt had vanished^ debate was closed, resolve was taken without a grain of reserve, and consequently action was forcible and ardent. Friends, it is surely time with each of us, especi ally those of us who have reached the prime of life, that we, too; had done with the fickleness of irresolution. Have wo not had enough of hésita tion, deliberating, trifling, and delaying ? The time past may suffice for these. You will make ho journey, O traveller, if now that the sun is in its zenith you do riot soon decide which way to walk !. Mariner, your voyages will be scant if you much longer ' lie at anchor ! The season of favorable winds is passing away, and yet your sail remains unfilled; will you never have solved the problem-"to what port shall I steer? With what cargo shall I load my barque ?" Is our lifo to end in a constant repetition of the question, " What shall I be ?" If wo could change places with the weathercock, and become the toy of cir cumstances, irresolution might avail, but for a man decision is indispensable; he must know whereabouts he is and whither ho is going ; and it will be an evidence of salvation to liim if he has cancelled doubt by a firm faith in Jesus, and ended hesitancy by full consecration to the ser vice of the Lord. This state of heart indicates superiority to the influence -of others. While we are children we are plastic to every hand; our judgment is swayed by our parents, schoolmasters and elders ; but, when we come to be men and women, we ought to put_ away this propensity to lean upon other men's judgments. A man should not be like A HOUSE WHICH IS ONE OF A ROW, which would come down with a run if those on the right and left were removed, but he should be altogether detached, so that all four walls will stand without another house to buttress, them. The great guide of the world is fashion, and its god is respectability-two phantoms, at which brave men laugh. How many of you look around on society to know what to do ; watch the general current, arid then float upon it j study the popular breeze, and shift your sails to snit it. Fashion is the law of multitudes, but it is nothing more than the common consent, of fools. If we lose Heaven for fashion's sake, it will be no solace to us that others lost it too. "We are born alone, and shall have to die alone and be judged alone. It is time that we began to look into our souls' affairs with our best judgment, and no longer be as the sere leaf in the wind, or the log in the rapids. God ha3 given to each man a con science, to each man a heart, and he will not allow mon to quench their personal consciences and yield up their hearts to be moulded by others ; he will hold thom personally responsible for the right use of judgment, reason, and heart 5 bo suro of this. Oh, sirs, may everyone of us know the Lord for ourselves, and, forsaking the broad road with its many travellers, may . we be bold to walk in the narrow way which leadeth unto lifo. Eight decision for God is deep, calm, clear, fixed, well grounded, and solemnly made. . , Moreover, that resolve on the part of Joshua was OPENLY AVOWED. I want to come straight homo to some of you who have said, in your hearts, "Yes, we will servo tho Lord," but have never yet avowedyour allegiance. You have thought it quito enough, to promise in . secret. Does not Joshua's outspoken avowal make you blush ? . You are espoused to Christ, you say, Will there never be an open marriage? .Will you never take him publicly before the eyes of monto bo your Lord and husband for over and ever ? Does Jesus agree to secrot nuptials ? You say you are his soldier. Will you never put on your Prince's regimentals? Shall your Captain's colors never adorn you ? Will you never como forward and take your Commander's weapon in your hand and march at his bidding to the fight ? That is ^ SOEEY COUEAGE which skulks behind the bushes ; poor loyalty which nover utters the king's name ; questionable decision which dares not own itself to bo on the Lord's side.' I am not able to seo what is tho good of a decision, however firm and deep, if it be never avowed. Why, brethren, should there be concealment? Our God has not loved us with reserve, and kept his mercy in tho dark. Our Saviour has not gone sneaking down the ages ashamed to. confess the mortals whom he loved; and if He has never been ashamed of us, we never ought to be ashamed of Him. O, brethren, can you hesitate ? Are you not ashamed of being ashamed, and afraid to be any longer afraid? Out with it! There, run up the colors to tho masthead, where every eye may see them, and there let them be nailed; and if any man is at war with Jesus he is at war with us ; let earth arid hell know this once for all. In Joshua's case Ms resolve was not only openly avowed, but . EARNESTLY CAEEIED OUT. Some have avowed themselves on the Lord's side, their names are down in the church book, they attend outward ordinances, but as for any serv ing the Lord, you will have to search for it, and ' in vain. Joshua went in for'serving God in truth. He was committed to the Lord's cause from head to foot. Many professors do not un« " derstand what this means j they view religion as a kind of ' , OFFHAND FARM, : they have another estate which is their home and main care, and the kingdom of God is an offhand farm, to be mainly managed by the minister as a bailiff.. Their religion gets their spare time and odd thoughts ; Jesus comes in for the cold meat that is left over, and the world has the hot joints. Religion is by no means the great channel along which the strength of their life runs. It is a sort of backwater ; they lot the waste water run there, when they have more than enough to turn the mill-wheel of business. They are seen at prayer meetings when there are no accounts to settle, and no now books to read ; and they do something for tho church of God when they have nothing on hand, no friend coming to spend the evening with them, and no amusement available. They treat the Lord Jesus Christ very cavalierly. They hope they will be saved by him-I hope they will ! They say they will bo wonders pf* grace if they are, and I think they will. Such conduct to the bleeding Lamb is base. I hate it ; as for me, I will be bold enough to say with Joshua " I will serve the Lord,"-that is to say, if I am His servant, I will-'be His servant, ana lay myself out for Him ; I will not bear His name, eat His bread, and wear His livery, and, yet do Him no service. Better dio than live so dishonestly. ? ~ Once more. Joshua's decision was adhered to throughout the whole of his life. He had begun early in the service of God, and ho never repented of it. A hundred years rolled over hie head, but he continued to the last true to the resolve, " We will serve Jehovah." Happy are we, brethren, if grace enlisted us in the service of Christ whilo we were-yet young, happier still if grace has kept us to middle age'still firm in our young resolve; happiest of all shall we be if when our hair is gray we shall be able to say; " O God, thou hast been my God from my youth, and hitherto have I declared thy wondrous works. Now also when I am old and gray-headed, O God, forsake me not." Ho who decides aright for God decides for eternity. Beloved/you never will repent of serv ing God. My Lord and master never turns off His old servants, nor do His old servants ever run away from Him; the more they serve Him, tho more they wish to serve Him; their physical strength may fail them, but nover their love to His work ; they still bring forth fruit in old ago to show that the Lord is upright. Blessed aro they who have this abiding thoroughness m the cause of the Lord their God. II. Let mo praise decision. In religion nothing is more desirable than to be out and out. To enjoy religion you must plunge into it. Io wade into it up to the ankles may make yon shiver with anxieties,- doubts, and questionings, till you resemblé a trembling boy unwillingly entering a bath on a cold inorning ; but to plunge into its depths is to secure a glow of holy joy. Some; of you axe ill at ease at sea, but my friend in the blue \- faeketover yonder likes it well enough, for he is always there, his home is on the rolling wave, \- and there are no sea- sicknesses for him j those of you who make short trips upon the sea of piety, and do a little coasting religion now and then, are sick with doubts and fears, but if you sailed always on that sea you would get your sea legs, you would gain full assurance, and see the glories of the Lord and His wonders in the deep. It is with true roligion as with THE AMERICAN'S ORCHARD. A gentleman was invited into a garden to taste the apples. " No," he said, " I would rather not ; " and being often asked to come and partake, and'yet refusing the other said, " I guess you've a prejudice against my apples." " Yes," said the man, " I have tasted a few of them and they are very sour." " But which," said he, " did you taste ?" " Why, those apples which fall into the road over the hedge." " Ah, yes," said the owner, ? "they are as sour as crabs, I planted them for the good of the boys, but if you come into the middle of the lot you will find a different flavor j " and it was so. Now, just round tho border of religion, along the outer hedge there are some very sour apples, of conviction, self-denial, ' hmniliation, and self-despair, planted on purpose to keep off hypocrites and mere professors ; but in the midst of the garden are luscious fruits, mel low to the taste, and sweet »as nectar. The , central position in religion is the sweetest. The nearer to God the sweeter the joy. If I were a German, which I am not, the last sort of German I should like to be would be an Alsatian or a Lorrainer, because I should have -to be a German by nationality, but might be even more a French man in manners ; and if ever the fight should be renewed between the two nations, tho fighting would be sure to come very near my farm and ¿onie. I should not like to be a German>-French man, or a French-German in time of war j but would prefer to be of pure breed. As to sacred things, I would not be a neutral. No, no, let me ho out and out, thorough and decided. If you are a Christian, be a Christian. If you serve the devil, Berve him out and out ; and if you servo the Lord, serve Him with your whole heart and soul and strength. Decision for God enables a man to direct his way. A man who resolves that he will serve the Lord KNOWS HIS WAY ABOUT the world. Something ,will happen to you in business to-morrow, you will have a fine chance, ' you will be able to make a deal of money, but it will be by sailing very near the wind, and you would rather not have the transaction published in the TIMES. When that temptation comes be ? fore you, how will you act ? I do not know, but if you have made up your mind that you will serve the Lord, you will not need to consult your partner, your course will be clear. Nine out of every ton questions which can possibly come be fore you in your business are already answered when the grand question is settled. Is such an action dishonest? Then it matters nothing how profitable it might be, it is dismissed as quito be yond consideration. Is suoh a course necessitated Dy honesty? Then let it be followed whatever , the loss may be. David prayed " Load me in a plain path because of mino enemies," and the man who has made up his mind by divino grace that he will serve the Lord has that prayer fulfilled. This saves many men from temptation. Satan tempts those who can bo tempted, but when he finds men sufficiently resolved there is a certain order of temptation with which he never assails them any moro. He adapts his devices to our standing, and does not uso for lion-hearted minds . those petty nets with which he takes small birds. Aa a giant walks along unconscious of the cob webs across his path, so does a thoroughly conse crated man break through a thousand tempta tions, which indeed to him are no longer tempta tions at all. THOROUGH-GOING MEN wield a mighty influence. Joshua was able to . speak for his house as well as for himself. Many fathers cannot speak for themselves, and there fore you may guess the reason why they cannot speak for their families. God give us more . vitality in our own religion, and we shall influence our children and servants, and from thom the savor will spread all around. For this reason and a thousand more it is beyond measure de sirable to be decided and resolute for the Lord's cause. HI. I shall close by demanding the decision for Christ, which I have described and praised. May tho Holy Ghost enable you to answer the demand. Decision is required because the Lord deserves to have it. He who made us ought not to be served hesitatingly ; Ho who gave His Son to die for us ought not to be trifled with. By tho splendor of Deity, and the glory of tho cross, I claim your whole hearts for my Lord. My dear hearer, look at yourself for a moment. Is there much in you, taking the largest estimate you can of yourself ? Are your dimensions so very vast ? Compare yourself with the thrice holy God. Thoso tall archangels who bow before Him aro aa nothing niHis sight, what must you be ? And if you as a whole are so little, do you dream of dividing your self and giving God a part? The heaven, even the heaven of heavens and tho realms of space are not enough for Him ; and all things that He hath . made aro but as a drop in a bucket compared with His infinite majesty ; as for this little dominion of your body and soul, will you carve it out among riyal monarchs, and insult the Lord by offering Jkm a corner, while you save spaces for the world, tho flesh, and the devil ? Mock not the majesty of heaven so. ^Let me demand of yon, dear friends, that you give to God your whole mind and soul, because to attemptamiddle position is mean and dishonor awe. Who claims to be indifferent to the claims of virtue? Who dares to bo , , - NEUTRAL IN THE BATTLE .Between truth and a lie ? Brand him as a coward ! «od save you from such dishonor. If, after all, the world and the things thereof be best, say so, .and take your side; and this morning, if not another person Bhould do it, say in your heart *»wf i? me a?d my house, we will serve ourselves and the world." . If you mean it, say it out straight, and do not cloak it. But for a man to say, "I cannot determine what I.shall serve, but I rather think I shall serve myself till I get pretty nearly worn out, and then I shall turn about and try what is to be done with religion," is detestable. Such beings aré hardly as respect able as oxen and asses, which at least know their owners. Remember there are no CURSES IN THE BIBLE more terrible than those which are directed against those who stand halting between two opinions. Listen to this Old Testament curse, you # who make no profession, you who con tradict your profession by ill lives. " Curse ye Meroz, saith the Lord, curse ye bitterly the in habitants thereof, because they came not to the help of the Lord, to the help of the Lord against the mighty." Did they fight against the Lord ? Not they. Why are they accursed? Because they did not fight for Him. What if this curse is hovering over this house to fall upon the head of those men who go not forth to the help of the Lord! Will it fall upon you? Now, listen to the New Testament word, which comes from those lips which never spoke too roughly, Hps like lilies dropping sweet smelling myrrh ¡ here they are: "I would thou* wert cold or hot. So then because thou art neither cold nor hot I will spue thee out of my mouth." Who is thia offensive one ? Did he burn the Saviour's lips by hot per sécutions ? No. Did he freeze them with utter coldness of heart ? No, he was a harmless, good sort of person, moderate, sober, easy-going-in fact, a lukewarm man. Ho was a little warm, only a little more and he would have been hot : ho was a little cool, only a little cooler and ho would have been as refreshing as the snows of Lebanon. He was neither cold nor hot. Yes, and Christ said He loathed him. Some of you, if you judged yourselves would say you are not good enough for heaven, but rather too good for hell j alas, hell is your portion, and an inner dungeon therein. Repent of your double-mindedness, and tum unto the Lord with purpose of heart. I can see where you aro, _ YOU BETWEENITES. There is the army of God, a vast and mighty host on yonder hill : I see the glittering warriors ready for the fray. Yonder encamps the host of Satan on the opposite hill ; black and grim is the prince, and fierce are ..they that follow him. Where are we this morning? Some of us can say we are with Prince Emanuel; though we are poor warriors, yet we serve under His standard. Possibly there are some here who are on the wrong side, but are yet so honest that they will not deny that they are enlisted on the opposite side ; but, my hearers, where are you ? " We are thinking about it." But where are you while you are thinking? We are considering and judging. But where are you now ? Mark this ! When the fight comes on, and our Lord's artil ! lery come into play ; when the adversaries on the other hand reply to us, you will receive the shot from both sides. When tho armies come to deadly hand-to-hand fight you will be trampled down by both. Do we not read of nome who will wake up "to shame and everlasting contempt?" The saints will be ashamed of you, because you did not join with Christ in the day of battle, and the adversary himself will despise you because you shrunk away even from him. BE ONE THING OR THE OTHER. In closing, remember that to be between the two is, after all, utterly impossible. Though I have thus pictured Borne as hovering between the two armies, it is not actually tho case, for every man is on one side or the other. You are either dead or alive, either justified or condemned, either in the gall of bitterness or enjoying the sweets of liberty. No man can serve two masters, and no man can bo without a master. God will not have half the soul ; the world will not have half the soul. Both God and sin are imperious, and monopolising. They will have the whole or none. Put Christ into the heart and He will chase sin out. Keep sin in the soul and sin will put down every better thought till the man is altogether vile. Write this down if you can, " As for me, I will serve the Lord." Put your name to it in earnest. Or, if this is not to your mind, write " As for me, I will serve the world," and put your name to it. I long to drive you to deci sion. If God be God, Perve Him ; if Baal be God, serve him. Oh, may the Spirit of God lead you to decide for God and His Christ this very moment, and He Bhall have the praise for ever. 