ROYAL NAVAL RESERVES. A deputation, couoistiug of Mr. Thos. Flay fair, M.P., Captaius Rounding, Ghost, Murray Brett, Mr. T. Davis, secretary of the Federated Seamen's Union, waited upon Admiral Fairfax at Admiralty House on Tuesday morning, for the purpose of urging him to assist on his arrival in England in establishing a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve in Sydney. Mr. Play- fair said it was thought that the present, just as Admiral Fairfax was leaving here to enter ou his new duties in London, was a fitting oppor tunity to explainf their views upon so impor tant a question. It was pointed out that about two years ago the subject bad been brought before Sir Henry Parkes, who favored tho idea, and Lord Gcorgo Hamilton, ouo of the Lords of the Admiralty, also from tho con tents of a Jcommunication received from him, appeared to bo favorably inclined to tho Bchcme. It was stated that there wero betweeu 4000 und 5000 men on the active list-of the Federated Seameu's Union of New South Wales, aud the Australian colonies possessed altogether about 12,000 men who would bo ublo and willing to join tho Reserves if a branch were established in this part of the world. Tho Admiral said he was pleased to hear that the seamen had such Ideas and was sure anything iu tbe way of a reserve here would be a great strengthening of England's power in these seas. But he pointed out the sum offered to tho men of tho Royal Naval Reserves was small, only about £12, including allowances and clothing ; aud members would bare to give up 23 days each year for drill. He did not think tho case of the Naval Brigade was exactly similar to that of tbe Royal Naval Reserve, because tho men of tho Brigade when training at Easter received 9$ gor 10s per day. Now, when the Royal Naval Reserve men were under training, they ouly obtained the pay given to the men in the fleet — Is id per day— so that the deputation wonid see that if a branch of the Royal Naval Reserve wore formed out bore the seameu would have to make a great sacrifico to belong to It. However, he did not wish to discourage the movement; — quite tho reverse; aud he would have much pleasure in repreaeuting the matter at home, and doing anything in his power to further the interests of tho colonial people. 