TlefeMslty Legends. ' ' 1 . BT HOMAB IKOOLDSBT, ESQ. '_£ """ -It is on toy own personal reminiscences that : g «e ?l leS8w«itW4Bto(Sb familiu to me in firlyiifl? -iffihe lSnci9 actor ;iu it be yet fog. WtoiSt havFmched A vety advahced . fiwahbhenft t&6Ha31,in my infanby, on profesmohal visits. THE GHOST. Tgeee stands a City,— neither large nor small, — Its air find situation sweet and pretty ; It matters veiy little— if at all,— Whether its deniseua are dull or witty, Whether lha ladies there are shoit or toll, Brunettes or blondes, only, there stands o PerbnpJ 'fig ateo requisite lo minute That there's a Castle and a Cobbler in it-. A fair Cathedra), too, the story gov, \- And kings and heroes lie entombed within her There pious saints in marble pomp repose,' Whose shrines are worn by knees of many a sinner ; There, coo, full many an elder-manic nose j Jtoll'd its loud diapason after dinner ; And there stood high the holy sconce of Bedrat, —Till four assassins come from Frauce to crack it. The castle was a huge and antique mound, Proof sgainet all th1 artillery of the quiver, Ere thoee abominable guns were found. To send cold lead through gallant warrior's liver. It elands upon a gently rising ground, j Sloping down gradually to the river, 1 Besembling to compare great things with smaller) A weH-scooped, mouldy Stilton eheeeo— but taller. The Keep, I hear, 'a been eadly altered lately, And 'stead of mail-clad knights, of honour j jealous, In martial panoply so grand and stately, Its walls are filled with moneymoking frilotre, And etuff'd, unless I'm misinformed greatly, With leaden pipes, and coke, aud coals, aud bellows; In abort, eo great a change hae come to pass, 'Tia now a manufactory of Gas. | But to my tale.— Before this profanation, And ere its ancient glories were cut ehort ; all, A poor bard-working Cobbler took his station I In a small house just opposite the portal ; His lurib, his parentage, and education, 1 know but little of — a strange odd mortal ; Hie aspect air and gait, were all ridiculous ; Hie name was Bason— he'd been christened Kicbolae. Kick had a wife possessed of many a charm, And of the Lady Huntingdon tersuasion ; But spile of all her piei-y, ber arm She'd sometimes exercise when in a passion ; And, being of a temper somewhat warm, Would now nod then seise, upun small occasion, A stick, or stool, or anything that round did And baste her lord and master most con foundedly. No matter 1 — lis a thing that's not uncommon, 'lis what we have all heard, and most have read of — I mean, a bruising pugilistic woman, Such as I own I entertain a dread of, —And so did Kick, whom sometimes there would come on A sort of fear bis spouse might knock his Lead off, Demolish half Lis teeth, or drive a rib in, Sbe shoneso much in facers and in fibbing. 'I There's time and place for all thingp," said n sage, (King Solomon, I think, ) and this I can say, Within a well-roped ring, or on a stage, Boxing may be a veiy pretty Fancy, When Messrs. Burke or Bendigo ecgng ; — Tis iJot so well in Susan. Jane or Nancy : — To get well mill'd by any one's an evil, But by a lady— 'tis the very DeviL And so thought Nicholas, whose only trouble (At least his worst) was this his rib's propensity ; For- aomeUmea from tbe alehouse be would hobble: Hio senses lost in a sublime immensity Of cogitation — then he couldn't cobble, And then his wife would often try the density Of his poor skull, and etiike with all her might, As £ut as kitchen-wenches strike a light. Mason, meek soul, who ever hated strife, Of this same striking badtbe-utmoet dread, He hated it like prison— or his wife — A vast antipathy !— but so be said — And very often for a quiet life, On these occasions he'd sneak up to bed, Grope darkling in, and, soon as at the door He heard his lady — he'd pretend to snore. One night, then, ever partial to society, Kick, with a friend (another jorial fellow), Went to a Club— I should have said Society — At the "City Arms," once called the Furto fiello; A Spoutiug party, which, though some decry it, I Consider no bad lounge when one is mellow ; There they discuss the tax on salt and leather, And change of ministers and change of weather. In short, it was a kind of British Forum, lake John Gsle Jones's, erst in Piccadilly, Ooly they managed things with more decorum, And the Orations were not guile so silly ; Far diffdnentquestions, too, would come before Not always Politics, which, will ye nil! ye. Their London prototypes were always williog To Aire one quantum, tup. of— for a shilling. It snore resembled one of later date, And tenfold talent, as I'm told, in Bow Sbtelj Where kindlier-natured souls do congregate ; And, though (here are who deem that same a low street, Yet I'm assured, for frolicsome debate And genuine humour it's surpassed by no strut, When the "Chief Baron enters, and assumes To "rnle" o'er mimic "Tbesigers" and "Broughams." Here they would oft forget their Bui ere' faults, Arid waste in ancient lore the midnight taper g Ihquire if Orpheus first produced the Walts, How Gas lights differ from the Delphic yapoor, Wbetherflippocrates gave Glauber's Salts, And what the Bomani wrote on ere they d ' : >-MiM5fwT Tbierijghtuiesdbject.of their disquisitions Wafi Gbosto, Hobgobline, Sprites, and Appari 1ton£ . Ooelrerned gentleman, "a ea|e grave man," \- TriJkM fit the Ghost in Hamlet, "aheatb'd \- --v|n;agr- 92s fjrell-r&ad; friend, who next to speak began, \- was Poetry, and nothing real ; " A thira/pf more extensive learning, ran Tp'HlrvGtorge YiUiere' Ghost, and Mrs. Of jfoeetefl Spedrea spoke with sborten'd AriSfwe he quoted Drelincourt on Death. Ni&mnBkedand; smoked, and trembled as he v,jq';-wnt diacuafc'd, and all they said i'ome fnurdcr'd mac ep- rifile and children who had with griealy breed/ sn oU Scotch AgjE&tw-atch; jfiis Juried money I @Mtoiacieard the clock etrike sot doubting but a faithful -She ; iitim ifexpect her, tea ; ' r.-H ill - i 3oon Mrs. Mason heard the vrril-knovrn tread ; She beard the key slow creaking to the door, Spied, through the gloom obsourti towards the bed Kick creeping soft, as oft he had crept before ; When, bang, she threw a sometbiog.at hie. Leid, '"> And Nick at onee Itproetriiteonthe fioor'j While elm exclaimed, With her indigutot face "How-dare you use your wife sb, kir. Makon 1" Spare we to tell hiw fiercely 6be debated, Especially tbe length of hei oration- Spare we to tell how Nick expostulated, Roused by the bump into a good set pas So great, that more than ones be execrated. Ere he erawVd into bed in his nennl fusion ; — The Muses hate brawle ; suffice it then to ear, He duck'd below the clothes— aodlhere he lay I 'Twas now the very witching time of night, When churchyards yawn, aud graves gire up their dead, And many a mischievous, enfranchised sprite Had long since burst his bonds of stone or lead. And hurried off, with eclioolboyJike delight, To play his pranka near some poor wretch's , bed, Sleeping, perhaps serenely as a porpoise, Kor dreaming of this fiendish Habeas Corpur. Not 60 our Nichulae : hie meditations Still to the same tremendous theme re curred, The same dread subject of tbo dark narra tions, Which, back'd with such authority, he'd heard : Lost iu his own horrific contemplations, He ponder'd o'er each well -remembered word ; When at the bed's foot, close beside the post, He verily believed he saw— a Ghost ! Plain, and more plain, tbe unsubstautisl fprite To his astonisb'd g«ZJ each moment grew ; Ghastly and gaunt, it rear'd Its shadowy height, Of more than mortal seeming to the view, Aud round its long, thin, bony fingers drew \ A tatter'd wiuding-sheet, of course all ' white; — ' j The moon that moment peeping through a cloud, j Nick very plainly saw it through the throu&J; j And now thoee matted locks, which never yet : Had yielded to the comb's unkind divorce, I Their loug-contracted amity forget, ! And spring asunder with elastic force ; Nay, e'eu the very cap, of texture coarse, , Whose ruby cincture crowu'd that brow of ; iet». Uprose in agony— the Gorgou'e head Was but a type of Nick's up-squating in the bed. From every pore distill'd a clammy dew, Quaked every limb— the candle, too, iio j doubt, En regie, would have burnt extremely blue, I Bui Kick unluckily bad put it out ; | Aud h, though naturally bold and stout, ! Iu short, was in a most tremendous stew ; 1 The room was fill'd with a sulpbureouB smell, ; But where that came from SL-oa could not tell. j All motionless the Spectre stood— and now Its rev'reod form more clearly shone eonfest, From the pale cheek's beard of purest snow ! Descended o'er its venerable breast ; J The thin grey hairs, that crown'd its furrow'd ' brow, Told of years long gone by.— An awful j guest ! It stood, and with an action < f command, Bcckon'd the Cobbler with its wan right hand. Whence, aud what art thou. Execrable Shape f " Kiek might have cried, could he havo found a tongue, But his distended jaws could only gaue, And cot a sound upon the welkin ruog : His gooselierry orbs seeui'd as they would have sprung Forth from their sockets— like a frighteu'd Apo He eat upon his haunches, bolt upright, And shook, and grinn'd, and cbutter'd with affright. And still the shadowy finger, loo and lean, Now beckon'd Nick, now poiuted to the door; And man? an ireful clanc. and frown, be tween, The augry viwge of the Phantom wore, As if quite vex'd that Nick would do no more Th«n stare, without e'en asking, "What d'ye mean I " Because, as we are told— a sad old joke, too— Ghosto, like tbe ladies, never speak till spoke to. Cowards, 'tis said, in certain situations, Derire a sort of courage from despair, And then perform, from downright deeper tioo, Much more than many a bolder man would dare. Nick saw the Ghost was getting in a pastion, And therefore groping till he fouud the chair, Seiz'd oo his awl, crept softly out of bed, And follow'd quaking where the Spectre led, And down the winding stair, with noiseless tread, The tenant of the tomb pass'd slowly on, Ech mazy turning of tbe humble shed Seem'd to his step at once familiar grown. So safe and sure the labyrinth did he troad As though tbe domicile bad been his own, Though Nick himtelf, iu passing through the ebop, Had almost broke his nose against the mop. Despite its wooden bolt, with jarring eouud, Tbe door upon its hinges open flew ; And forth tbe Spirit i.sued— yet around It turu'd, 86 if its follower's fears it knew, And, ones more beckoning, pointed to tbe mound, The antique keep, on which the bright moon threw With Euch effulgence ber mild silvery gleam, The visionary form seeui'd mi-lung to her beam. Beneath a pond'rom archway's sombre shade, Where once the huge portcullis swung sub lime, Mid ivied battlements in ruin laid, Sol», sad memorise of the olucn time, The Fbsntum held its way — and though afraid Even of tbe owls that sung their vesper chime, Pale Nicholas pursued, its steps attending, And wandering what on earth it all would end to. Withto tbe mouldering fabric's deep recces At leogth they reach a court obscure and loue— It seem'd a drear and desolate wilderness, The Uackeu'd walla with ivy all u'ergrown ; The night-bird shriek'd her note of wild dis tress. Di&turb;'d upon her solitary throne, As though indignant mortal step should dare, So led, at euch an hour, to vcuture there ! —The Apparition pauted, and would have spoke, Pointing to what Kick thought an iron ring, But tbeo a neighbouring chanticleer awoke. And loudly gao his early matins sing ; And then 11 it started like a guilty thing," As his thrill clarion the silence broke. —'Pis known how much dead gentlefolks eschew Tbe appalling nound of " Cook-a-doodle-do 1 " Tbe vision ws no move— and Nick alone— " Hie streamers, waving" io tbe widoigbt wind. Which through the ruins ceased not to groan ; —His girmtnt too, was somewhat short behind — ,And, worst of all, he knew not where to find The ring — wbich mode him most his fate . , bemoan— Tbe iron ring— no donht of aotne trap-door, 'Neath which the eld dead miad- kept his store. u What's to be done ?" he cried ; "Twere Vain to stay . Here id the datk without a single do& Obi f.r a handle stow, or moonlit rOy 'Fore Oeqqgv I'm vastly puoried what to do??" XThen dspp'dhllband behind-' Tischllly, \- .-_r- / Ffl maikT&ie; iand tome flgalnbydsy. -What tow I tostk it hyf— Ob, Iteto4# the. Scared by his Lady's heart-appslliog cry, Vanish' d at once poor Masou'e golden dream — For dream it wns ; and nil bis visions high, Of wealth aud grandeur, fled before that 1 acrenm — And slil) he listens with averted eye, f> -When gibing neighbours moke " the Ghost ' their iherae ; While ever froth that hour they all declare That Mrs. Mason used a cueluon in her chair 1 Confound not, I beseech thee, reader, tbe subject of the following monody with the hap less hero tf tbe tea-urn, Cupid, of "low Vow"-iDg memory. Tray was nu attached and sincere friend of znnny years' standing. Most people worth loving have had a mute favourite or two of this kind ; Lord Byron says bo " never li&d; but one, sod here he (tbe dog, not the nobleman) lies ! " THE CVKOTAPH. Poor Tray charm ant ! Poor Trey do man rdi! ! Dog-bury and Vercra. Oil ! where shall I bury my poor dog Trey, Now hie Aeetiog breAih has passed away ? 1 Seventeen years, I can venture to say. Have I seen Itlmgambul, nnd frolic, nui play, i Evermore happy, and frisky, and gnv, As though every one of bis months was May, i And the whole of bis life one lung holiday— Now he's lifeless lump of clay, Oh I wbiro shall I bury my faithful Tiay 1 I am almost tempted to think it hard That ft may not be there, in yon sunny churchyard, Where tbe green willows wave O'er the peaceful grave, Which holds all that once was hooest and btave, Kind, and courteous, nnd faithful, and true ; Qusliiiep, Troy, that were found iu you. But it tuny not be— you t-acrcd grouud, By hulifbt feelings fenced arouud, May ue'er within its hallowed bound ! Receive tbe dust of a bouMcss houud. T would not place him in yonder fane, Where the mid-day sua through the etoricd pane 1 i Throws oil the pavement a crimson stain ; I Where the banners of chivalry heavily swing ' O'er the pinnacled tomb of the Warrior King, With helmet aud thiukl, nnd all tint sort of thing. No ! — conje what may. My gentle Tray Shan't be an intruder on bluff Harry Tudor, Or panoplied mourn chs yet earlier and ruder Whom you see on their bncke, In stone or iu wax, Though the Sacristans now are " forbidden to ! For what Mr. Hume calls "a scandalous 1 I tax;" While the ChsrtUts insUl they've a right to go suHcks— i No!— Troy's humble tomb wculd look but shabby 'Mid tbe sculptured shrines of that gorgeous Abbey. Beside?, in the place They eiy there's not I space I To bury what wet-nurses oil "a Babby." | Even "Rare Beu Jonson," lhat famous wight, j I aui told, is iuterr'd there bult upright, | In just such a posture, beueath his bust, j As Tray used to sit in to beg for a cru»t j The epitaph, ton, Would scarcely do : | For what could it fray, but, "Ht-re lies Tray, j A very good fort of a dug iu his day ! " ; Aud satirical folks might be apt to imagine it j Meant as n quiz on the House of Flantagcuet. . No ! no ! — Tbe Abbey may do very well . Fur n feudal " Nub," or poetical "Swell," ' Crusaders," or " Poets," or ' KuighU of St. John," Or Knights of St. Juhu's Wood, who last year wnt on To the Castlr of <5oofif Icrbr (ffglmtonnr. Count Fiddle-fumkin, and Lord Kuldle fuddle, "Sir Craven," "Sir Gad," and "Sir Campbell . of Saddell," (Who, as Mr. Hook said, when he heard of the feat, " Was somehow kojck'd out of his family- scat ;") iue r.rquires ci iue oooy iu my ljoro Tomnoddy ; "Sir Faiilie," "Sir Lamb," And the " Knight of the Rats," The "Knight of the Rote/ aud the " Kuigbt of the Dragon," Who, refe at the flagon, And prog iu the waggon, The newspapers tell us did little to " brag on ; " And more, though the Mute kuows but little cuucirning Vm, : "Sir Hopkiiifr," "Sir Pnpkios," "Sir Gage," 1 and ' Sir Jerningbam." ' AU Preur Chcraliert, iu friendly rivalry > Who frhould best bring back tbe glory of Chi I vatrv, — 1 — (Pn.y be su gd, fur the s«ke of my sonp, ; To pronounce l-.cru the anti t'enutiimte lung ; Or some hyper-critic \ri 1 ceruinly cry, , " The wurd ' Chivn'ry ' is but a ' rhyiuo to the | eye.' " And I own it is clear A fastidious ear j Will be, more or le>c, always aunuyod with i ycu when you iusert auy ihymc tLat'snol ! pcifecily genuine, i As to phafing the " eye/' 'Tisn't worth while to try, j Since Moore and T«.io Campbell themselves j cdmit " fr-piunch," Is perfectly nutiiihonttic tj "Greenwich.")— Bnt stay '.—I t-ay ! Let me pause while I may — Tbio dtoreeeioii is leading me E?dly astroy Fiom my object — A grave for my poor dog Trey ! I would nut place him beneath thy wjJIs, And proud o'l-rshadowing d ime, St. I'mdTb 1 Thoush I've ulwavs coobidt-r'd Sir Christopher Wren, As an trcbitect, one of the greatest of men ; And, t»Ikinc of Hpi'ipto— much I ftlniire hie, " Cireurnrpice, si Ifonumoitur.i riquivis; " Which an eiudite Verger translated t--> me, (l If you »frk for bis monument, Sir come spy N'>!— I frhould not kuow where To place him there ; I would not have him uy surly Johns in be Or that Qu»er-lookiug horse that is rolling on Pousouby — Or those ugly minx" The tfcter Sphynxes, MixM creatures, half lidy, half lioue.'s, ergo, (Deuun fray?), the emblems of Leo and Yirgj; On one of tbo backs uf which singular jumble. Sir Ralph Abercrumbie is going to tumble. With a thump which aluue were euuugh lo d<p«tch him. If the Scotchman to front shouldn't happen to catch bim. No 1 I'd not have him there — sor nearer the door, I Where the Man and the Angel have got Sir ! John Moure, And are quietly letting him down through the I fl-»or, i Near Gillespie, the one who escaped, at Vellore, j Aloue from the jow ; Neither ho, nor Lord j Howb i Would like to he plagued with a little Bow- I wow. No, Trav, we inuit yield, And go further a- field ; Tojlay you by Nelson were downright effron- tfj ; —We'll he off frum the C:lv, and look at the cuuuliy. In the ntitumn of s2t, Ca|ttoin Uctwin lia ring hinted Wat rorlain lines oa the hutial.-r this gallant officer miht liarc Itrca the production ri Lord lirrouV the Lte Mr. vdncr taylrv, somewhat iiidipaanilr, chimed tfein for their rightful owner, i lie l.u'c Dev. Clm®. Wolfe. During the coiitruverpr a third cLUnant started up iu un person of a Mi-J.nrtnf '|)octnr m.irshall," who turned out la be s durham biack>mith, and his ya-e tcusioDS a lioax. Ii w.-u thou thai a certain " Doctor Peppercorn" ir.it forth jtte protctisiuus, to what he aviared was the oaly " true aud original " vcrelon, Not a son j had bs got — not a guinea or note, And be I'.mfc'd coufoundedlj flurried, As be belted awsy without paying hla Aot, And the Landlady after him hurriod. We saw him sgafo dead of night, ot the ga&ltoqt; Ptctflog. < All bare, sndexMsed to tbe xnldnlgttdews, Jedinto In jflhe gutter we found) im ; And be look'dtlkc a gentieman taSrfng a snove, With his itunhetl drak around htm. "The Doctrn's as drunk as toe d — " we said. And we managed a shutter to borrow ; We raised him, and sighed &t; the thought that .his head _ . Would " coDSumedly.tohfi " on toe morrow. We bore him home, snd we put him to 'bed. And we Jzftd tO wife and hU dstafater Sot Uttb b. Ml$ let Jilfii mcrt an , Kth.iftfflterpaar/artMW.Wdldm. It shall not be there, In that sepulchred square, Alters folks ere intcrr'd for the sake of tbo air, (Though, pay hut the dues, they could hardly refuse To Tray what they grant to Thuggf, and Hiu- duos, Tarkl, Infidels, Heretics, Jumpers, and Jews). Where the tombstones are placed Iu the very beet taste, At the feet and the head Of the elegant Dead, Aod no one's received who's not " burled to lead ; " For, ibere He the bones of Depuly Jones Wbon the widow's tears, aud tbe orphan's groans Affected hs much as they do the alonos iiis fXveutors laid ou the Deputy's bones ; LiUle rest, poor knave ! Would he have io his grove ; Since Spirits, 'tis plain, Are cent back ngnin, To i iiaui iouuI their bodies— the bad ones iu p.iiu— Draggiug after thenx eonictimes a heavy jtck j chain ; Whenever tbi-T ract, ftlarm'd Ivy ita groans, his Ghost all night luug would be harking at i Jones's. ' Nor frlmll he be laid By that croaa Old | ; Maid, ! I Miss Penelope Bird — of wlioiu il is said 1 ; All the dogs iu the I'tiirii were always afraid. | Ho must uut be placed By one so strait- ; laced I Iu her temper, her taalc, nud her morals, and | waifrt. j For 'lis said, when she went up to heareu, ami St. Petpr, Who happened to incel her, Oome forward to greet her, | She pursed up with scorn every vinegar fen- | tore, I And bade him " Get out for a horrid Male J Creature!" : So the Saint, after lookii.g as if he could cat her, Not knowing, perhaps, very well how to lre.it ! li-r, ; And D"t being willing— or able — to beat her, ( I Scut bur back to her giuve till her temper ; | grew tweeter, i ; Willi an cpitlitL which I decline to rcpe.it j ; here. ; Nu— if Tray were iatcrr'd Bv rcnelc.po ' | Bird, | ! No dog would be e'er so be-" whelp "cd aud ! be-" cur "red — All the uight long her cnntinkcrous Sprite Would be runuiug about iu the pale moon- L I Cliafriug him round, and altempling to lick | The ghubt of poor Tray with a ghost of a i s'.ick. Stay ! — let toe see ! — Ay— here it frliall be At th root of this gnarled and time-worn tree, ! Where Tray and 1 Would often lie, I Aud watch the light clouds as they flouted by I In the broad expanse of the clew blue ekr, 1 Wheu the sou was bidding the woild good-bye ; Aud the plain'ive Nightingale, vrarhliug nigli, : Bonrcd f »th her m-ui. nful ait-h-dy ; I While the teudrj Wood-pigeon's cojiug cry ( Has rnidc me my to inyodf, with a sigh, flow nice you would cat with a steak in a ! pie!" . Ay, here it shall be!— far, far from the vitw 1 Of tbe uoifry world nud its tuadJcuiug crow. Simple nud few, Tender and tree ; The Hoes o'er his grave. — They have, some of thtia, too, , The advautue of being remarkably ucw. EriTAim. Affliction eore Lung time he bere, rhyeicinns were iu vain Grown blind, a!«s I he'd Some Prussic ; Avi I. Aud that put him out of his p iiu 1 : Hos ego versiculos fori, tulit niter bonores.— VlllGIL. I wiule the liucs— c owned thrm— he told frt«.ries Thomas iNGoirsi.Y, 