. MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT at . -. " ' 1 / - , CHEWTON A1 Tho Castleniainc Ethiopian Serenader. „ , their , debut at the Red Hill Music Hall ct 8 ton, last night iri -a benefit entertainment i the . widow, rthd orphans of the miners Dsn - arid./ O'Connor, who were drowned' in it,1 Francis Oririorid Co's. mine on New v- 8 SW-i-i The -Hall ivas .crowded to excess k-' residents,, inhabitants of Castlemaino and si rounding localities. The minstrels, twelve ' number, with black faces, white shirts and S scarfs, were arranged in tho usual circle stvl on; the stage, with three occupying position/ tlio . rear. Mr II. Palmer was tambo Mr o .Rpwe. boncs, and . Mr D. Robb intcrlocutm After the pianoforte overture, "Homew.Jj /Bound," by Mr A. Howson (who acted £2? cqmpanist throughout very efficiently), the firwi part of tho programme was gone through vera appreciatively in the following order :Orten;7 Chm-us — " Darkies Take the Floor," Cottimn/2 Ballad—" I'll Take you Back, Kathleen/r1 W. Wedd; Comic-" Sus/m will be Ther/, Mr G. Rowe ; Ballad— "Old Rustic BrirW" Mr. W. -Gorrell ; Ballad-" Cricket on L Hearth," Mr 'H; Monteith ; Comic— " Littl! German Band;" Mr H.' Palmer; Ballad— '-'.Mother's .the Best Friend after all," Jr p" Saunders ; Ballad—" You'll never riiiss Moll,./ till She's Gone," Mr C. Grohbrugge. The finale ."Ghosts: in the.house," evoked great laughter' jThe songs ivere interspersed with conundrums rind . comical -jokes cracked by the end men all tof ..which created ..much .amusement, espeeiallv. ;th'ose ' of'/lqcal Interest. ; One good hit that was / made in ihe ;c6riuridrums was—" Why are lit IDeiit'ririd: Mr Morrison .the poorest men in /Chewton,..?" Tho, .'answer was— "Because they ; Had' only aenney) penny between them." 'Palmer was 'warmly applauded and encored for ; his song rind;dancri, both being given in amusing style. ... A sketch entitled, "A bloodthirsty .aflair," succeeded, arid .evoked much laughter 'Messrs C. Newton,, H. Hall and J. Palmer jheiiig -' Ihe" actors. ; Mr E. Saunders followed /with a comic song, - >' Family Troubles," which ; was wrill fbri'dered, and Mr G.-Rowe's specialities /and hits were. provocative of a good deal ofmer- riiment." Mr C. Grohbrugge gave a capital clew dance, which ivas deservedly applauded and ; entered. ' A" laughable farce, "Pugilistic /Troubles," was enacted by Messrs Wedd, Rowe land W. Todd, after which Mr H. Palmer ap- : peared in his specialities, with song and dance /which was applauded, as also was the song, ! " There's ' no one like Mother to Me," by Mr J. Tolstrup. The entertainment concluded with the farqe, "Blinks and Jinks," the parts being played by Messrs Saunders, Rowe, Gor rell and Todd/ Before tliii performance began, and., .also/ during its progress, the Foun- dry .Brass;, Band (with Mr J. Northcott ,as conductor) discoursed several selections in a most pleasing Planner. They played outside >" Sweet1 / Memories;": " Gathering up shells : from" - tho seashore, " , " Fairy Footsteps, " and a . medley, and in the interval iu the Music Hall, /"Pride of England/' They formed so distinc tive a, feature that they merit high commends- ition 'for their performances. Mr Greenhil), i in good taste, came before the curtain and ex- ! presssed acknowledgments for the kindncssof the : Foundry Band' and the Minstrels for giving their services., ' 'Further than this, that the Minstrels informed him they would he happy to again ! come to Chewton if they could be of service on any charitable object. He hoped they would not in his lifetime have such another disaster as ! the one that afflicted the Borough, causing such a fatality to. two miners and leaving a widow and i children to' mourn over the loss of their provider, He knesv that the warm-hearted people of /Chewton, who have done their part-, would be : pleased to hear . there was a prospect of a sub- rstantial provision being provided for the main tenance of the orphans. He asked the audience, sto /record by applause their thanks to the Min- ! strels and ; the . Castlemaine Foundry Band for :the, aid; they had rendered in providing the entertainment of the evening. Tho audience ! duly 'responded with hearty plaudits as sug gested. The Minstrels were entertained to sup- . per after the performance by Mr nnd Mrs Otzon, of the Rod Hill Music Hall, when' ith'e customary complimentary toasts wero pro- i posed and acknowledgments made. ' , 