UNDER THE MAST. !> Belief Among Sailors That Money Brings a Ship Owners as Well as Sailors Are Some what Superstitious— Ideas as to Laying a Keel on Friday— A Lucky Position. Superstitions aro not exclusively confined to men who go down to the sea in ships, for whom the coast New Englander feels bo much of his sympathy on every stormy night (says tho Boston Globe). Perhaps tho lonely, uncertain lifo on ship- ' board, tlio night watches, with only1 the stars abovo and the waves below, is some reason why sailors have more than tlio ordinary amount of suporstitions. How ever, men who send them down to sea also have their share of whims, although' they arc less known. Owners, not seamen, are responsible for the bottle of wine a pretty woman breaks over a vessel's bow when she toboggans down the ways and takes like a duck to tho water. You never hear of a man or any but a pretty woman baptising a vessel. It's pro bably another bit of suporstition that shuts out men and homely women when christen ing time conies around. l'lmt masts of vessels are set on pieces of gold or silver sounds absurd and Ananiaslike. Ono day, however, while attending a launch at an East Boston shipyard, I stopped for a moment to watch workmen taking the stumps out of a vessel that had been dis masted. The instant tho mninmnst waa out they wero down on their knees grubbing about tho holo where tho . mast camo out. The foreman wan quito as interested- as any one, and only that a sense of dignity restrained him lie would have loft me and mined in the hunt. So, when a man jumped up shouting "I've got it," he called back, "How much?" Tho man did not know, and handed up a coin that, after some polishing, proved to be a Spanish pistareen. I began to think the Susan James had been sailed by, some modern captain kidd who had laid in the hull of his vessel lvitil silver pistarccns, when 1 heard tlio foreman saying: " If you find any more bring them to me and they'll go in with the new sticks." Noting my seeming astonishment that ho did not keep them, lie said : "Them's the lucky money, and if Hie snme ones didn't go under the new mastrf tlie vessel might lose lior luck. The Susan James haB been a mighty lucky ship." ' ' And what makes it lucky money ?" " Because 'tis. A vessel never has no luck without she. has money under her masts, if it ain't only five cents. But mostways its half-dollars. The eagle side goes up, with tho head toward tlie bow. If tlie head of one should get turned tho. other way Bhe wouldn't be a good sailor, but a rog'lnr slow poke. Sometimes they put iivo-dollar gold pieces, and then they have big luck." "'Who puts them there ?" " The agent or owners most always sends them down, but if they don't somebody always has money they want put in. A four-masted schooner that wo've just built lias got a half-dollar under every mast ; ono for the captain, one for tho designer, and ono for both tlie mates and owners. She's only made one round trip, and they suy shoo the swiitcst schooner on the coast; I don't know much about steam vessels, but sometimes they have lucky money, I guess 'taint common, still I have seem money put in steam vessels. Down in New Bedford the old merchants who were kings in tho whaling business treasure tlie crumbling hulls of former belles of the fleet as if other fortunes could yet bo won with the good luck in tlio coins under the decaying masts. J.'ointing over to where the masts of these ships were thick, like trees in a forest primeval, an old ship builder said . — " I shouldn't wonder if thero was as much as 50dol. or lOOdol. under all those masts over there. When business here was brisk I've built a good many ships in my day, and I always put money under the masts. Some times 'twarn't but 10 cents., and then again when a mast was ready to go in the boys would pass around the hat. They'd all chip in, and I've soon as mnch as 3Uol. in small bits go under a main mast." He wasn't sure whether foreign ship builders indulged in tlie habit or not. The money, which is laid on tlio keelson, often adhorcs to a mast when it iB taken out, while the impress remains to show where it was laid on tlie keelson. " Well, what is it good for anyway?" I asked. " Land, I don't know ! 'cept it's a super stition, like. Sailors are pretty much believers in ghosts and witchery, and most all ship-builders havo served beforo the mast more or less. Why, I've known lots' of men who wouldn't lay a keel or launch a ship on Friday if 'twant never done. Then somo mon won't start on a voyago on Friday for fear tho trip'U bo bad. Land, I'vo known a vessel to start out on Friday, ketch her fust whale on Friday, fill up on Friday, start for homo on Friday, and get here on Friday, and sho had tho.luckieBt v'yago o' tho hull season." And the old man s gold earrings just danced with satis faction at this triumph over so fooliBh a superstition, when anotlicr limn chimed in : " Why, Sam S , down there, never lot a vessel of liis'n sail out o' port in his lifo without Bhe listed to starbo'rd." " Listed to starboard " was quito too salt for my summer cruise yachting vocabulary ; but after tlie pair explained, witli a pitying sniff for such ignorance, that when a vessel had a starboard keel on sho accomplished tlie feat, I found a ship listed to starboard must look about as an excursion steamer does when .. small boy loses his hat over board and tlie crowd rushes to one sido till tlie deck slopes like a stceple-roofod house. "When loading np, Sam always made suro the heftiest part was on the starboard side, but as soon as the captain got out o' Sam's sight he righted her upmighty quick." Tho pair seemed inclined to believe in tho power of listing to starboard to bring a big catcli and a lucky trip, and agreed that, while they couldn't be sura 'twas dus to that, still Sam S had always been un commonly fortunate and never had any . disasters, "No, sailors don't have tho superstitions to themselves. Tho owners havo 'em, too," the gold-ringed man added, and, if belief in . tho elfieuey of "listing to starboard" as a short road to good luck is common among them, it looks as if thoy do have a decidedly big vein of belief in the suxicrnatural. 