THE DAY WILL COME. - By M. E. BRADDON. ' , Author of "Lady' Audlets Seorkt," , ' "Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like and Un- ; like," "The Fatal Three," Ac., Ac. Chapter xv.— (Continued.) Theodore noticed that while most other tongues babbled so freely tlio girl called Marian sat silent, after her task of distributing the. tea was over, with hands folded 111 her lap listening to the voices round lier, nnd .with a soft slow smile lighting her face now and then. In repose lier countenance was deeply sad, and ho found himself speculating upon tho history that had left those melancholy lines upon a faco that was still young. " I am much interested in your next noigli- . bor," lie raid to Miss Newton presently, while Marian was helping another girl to clear tlio tabic. " I feel suro there must bo something very sad in lier experience of life, and that she < has sunk from a higher level." "So do I," answered Miss Nowton, "but. I. know very littlo moro ubout lior than you do, . - oxcept that sbo is a most exquisite worker with those taper fingers of - liers, nnd that she lias worked for the same baby linen house for the last three years, and lived ill tlio . same second floor, back 111 Horculcs's build ings. I think bIio is as fond of mo as she can be, yet alio lias never told nu where she was born, or who her peoplo were, or. what her life has been liko. Onco she weut so faros to tell mo that itlmd beena very common place life, and that lior troubles bad been in nowiso extraordinary — except 'tho fact of her . having had a very severe attack of scarlet fever, which left lier a wreck. Onco from somo cnnnce allusion I learnt that it was in Italy she caught tlie fever, and that it was liadly treated by a foreign doctor ; but that one fact is all she ever let slip unawares in lier talk, so carefully -does, she avoid every allusion to tlio past. I need hardly toll- you that I have never questioned . her. I liavo reason to know that her life for the. last three years lias been spotless, an industrious, temporate, Christian life, and that she is chari table and kind without stint to those who are poorer than herself. That is quite enough for me, and I have cncouragoil her to make a friend of me in every way in my power." " She is lmppy in having found such a friend, an invaluable friend to a woman who lias sunk from higher social surroundings." - " Yes, I think I liavo been a comfort to lier. Sho comes to me for books, and wo meet nearly every day at tho free library and com- pare notes about our reading. My only regret- is that T cannot induce her . to tako enough air and exercise. She spends all tlio time that she can spare froin hor needlework in rending- But I tako her for a walk now aud then, and I think she enjoys that. A pennorth of. tho tram oar carries us to Battersea Park, aud we /can stroll about amongst grass and trees, and in < sight of tlio river. She is better off than mdsri of the girls in tho way of getting a little rest after toil, for that fine, delicate needlework of: hers pays bettor than the common run of work, and she is the quickest worker I know- " The tables wore cleared by this time, and space had been made -for that half circle ' round tlie fire of which MisS Nowton had spoken on tlio previous night. Tlio younger girla brought hassooks and cushions, nnd seated thorn- solves iu tlie front rank, while their ciders sat in the outer row of chairs; and now Theodore was called upon to contribute his share to tlio enter tainment, and thereupon took a book from his pocket. : - "You told me you and your: friends .wercr, . fond of creepy stories, Miss Newton," lie- said. - "Is. that really so?" " Really and truly." . /- ' "And you aro none of you afflicted with weak nerves — you are not afraid of being mado un comfortable by tbo memory of a ghastly-stery ?" "No. I think that, with most of us tlie cares of life are too real aud too absorbing to leave any room in our minds for imagining horrors. Isn't it so, now, friends V" "Lor, yes, Miss Newton," answoreil one of tho girls briskly; " we're all of us too busy to.: worry about ghosts; but I lovo a gliost tale for! :oil that."--" -n-- .- -'. A 'chorus of voices eolioed this assertion. "Then, ladies, I shall have tlie honor ol reading the Haunters and the Haunted, by BulworLytton." The vory title of tho story thrilled them, aiid tho wholo party, just now so noisy with eager talk and frequent laughter, sat breathless,-' look ing nt tlie render with awe-stricken eyes as that wonderful story slowly unwound itself. Theodore read well, in that subdued nnd semi- drnniatio style whioh is best adapted, to chamber reading. He felt what ho road, and the horror of tlie imaginary scono was vividly' before his eyes as he rend. Tho reading lasted nearly two hom-si lhit it was not 0110 moment too long for Theodore's audience, and there wns a sigh of regret When the last words of tho story had been spokon. . "Woll," exclaimed ono young lady; "I do call that a first class tale, don't you; Miss Nowton 1 " "You may go a long way without getting suoh a ghost tale as that," said another; "nnd don't the gentleman read beautifully, and don't he make one feel as if it was all going oil in this very room, and tho dog, too ! the poor dog to drop down dead, liko that." V I did hope that there dog would come to at - tho end," said ono damsel. By way of diversion after the story Miss Newtou opeued hor piano, beckoned three of the girls over to hor, and played the symphony of "Blow, Gentlo Gales," which old fashioned glee tho threo girls sang with tnsto and discretion, tho bass part being altered to suit a female voice. Then came somo songs, nil of wliich Miss Nowton accompanied, and then at her request Theodore' read again, this timo selecting Holmes's AYonder-! ful OncHorso Shay, which caused much laughter; after which tho littlo clock on tlio chixnnoy- pieco having struck II, he wished his hostess . good night, seleoted his coat and lint from among the heap of jackets nnd lints on a table on tlio landing and went downstairs. He was still in AAIedgewood-street when ho heard light footsteps coining quickly behind him. It seemed to him that they were trying to overtake him, so ho turned and met the owner of tlio feet. "I beg your pardon, sir; forgivo mo for following you," said a very gentlo voice, which ho recognised as bolonging to tlio girl called Marian, ' I wanted so much to speak to you — alono." And I am .glad of the onnortunitv of speaking to you," lie answered. "I felt particularly interested in you this evening— there are some faces, you know, whioh interest us in sjiito of/ ourselves al! most, and I felt that I should'like to know more of you." This was so gravely said that there was no possibility ot an offensive construction being given to the words. A. ou are very, good, sir. It was your name that struck me,"<slio answored, falteringly; it is a Dorsetshire name, I think." A cs, it is a Dorsetshire name, and I am a Dorahestor man." . ' "Dorchester," she repeated slowly, "I wonder whether you know a place ' called Cheriton ?" " I know it very well, indeed. Akinsman'of mine lives there. Lord Cheriton is my cousin." . ' . "I thought as much, directly I heard your namo. -You must know all about that dreadful murder, then — last summer ?" Acs, I know about as much of it as anyone knows, and that iB very littlo." ; "They have not found tlie murderer?" she asked with a faint sluiddoi."- : " No, nor aro they over likely to find liim, I behove. But tell mo why you are interested in Cheriton. Do you como from that part of the country ?" . \- "Yes." . " AA'ere you born in Cheriton village?" .. " I was brought up not far from there," she answerail hesitatingly. v He remembered what Miss Nowton had told him of hor own forbearance in asking-questions, and ho pursued the inquiry no further. "May. I see you as far as your lodgings," he said . kindly.: It will be very littlo out of my way." ' "No thank yon, Mr. Dalbrook. I am too much accustomed to going about alono ever to waut any escort. Good night, and thank you for having answered my questions . so kindly." . He hold out his hand, and she could not refiue to shake hands witii him, but her manner showed q disclination to prolong the interview, and she walked away with hurried steps, which oarried her swiftly into tho darkness. "Poor lovely sonl," he said to himself. "Now, whose lost sheep is she, I wonder? She is certainly of a rank abovo a cottager's daughter, and with those hands of hers it is clear sho has nover been in domestic service. Not far from. Oheriton? What may that mean? Not far is a vague description of locality. I must ask Lady Cheriton about her the nert time that I am at tho Chase." Chapter XVI. Christmas at Dorchester was not a period of festivity to which Theodore Dalbrook had ' hitherto looked forward with ardent expecta tions, but in this particular December he found himself longing for that holiday season eveu as a schoolboy might long for relcaso from Latin grammar mid suet pudding, and the plenteous fare and idle days of homo. He longed for the grave old town with its Roman relics and leafless avenues ; longed for it, alas, not so muoii beoauso his father, brother and sisters dwelt there, as beoauso it was within a reason- . able drive of Carmiohael Priory, and once being at Dorchester ho had a fair excuse for going to seo his cousin. Many and many a time in his ohambcrs at tho Temple he had felt the fever fit so strongly upon him that he was tempted to put on his hat, rush out of those quiet courts and stony quadrangloS to the bustlo of tho Embankment, spring into tho first hansom that came within hail, and so to Waterloo, and by nriy train that would carry him to Warchnm Station, and thence to tho Priory, only to look upon Juanita's face for a little while, only to hold her hand in his, once, at greeting and onco at parting, and tkoii back into tho night and tho loneliness of his life and . law books and precedents, and Justinian and Ohitty, and all thnt is commonplace and dry- as-clust in a man-'s existence. He had refrained from such foolishness, and now Qhristmas was at hand, " his sisters wore making the house odious with holly and laurel, the old c'tok was chopping suet for tho tradi tional pudding which hohad loathed for the last ten years, and lie had a fair excuse for driving along the. slimy roads to visit his widowed cousin. Ho had a pressing invitation from Lord Cheriton to spend two or three days of his holi day time at the Chase, an invitation whioh ho had promptly accepted ; but his first visit was to Lady Carmicliacl. He found tho house in all things unlike what it had boon when last ho saw it. The dear Grenvilles had been persuaded to spend their Christmas in Dorsetshire, and tlfe Priory was full of children's voices and tho traces of children's occupations. Theodore had known Jessica Grcnvillo beforo her marriage, yotitwas not the loss a shock to find himself con fronted by a portly matron and a brood of ohildren in that room where ho had seen Juanita's sad face bent ovor hor em broidery. Tliero was no , trace of Juanita in tho spaoious drawingroom to-day, and tho faot of her absence almost unhinged him for tho mo ment, and made him considerably confused iu his conversation with Mrs. Grenvillc, who re ceived him with gracious loquacity, and insisted upon his giving an immediate opinion upon tho different degiccs of family likeness to be seen in her four children. " Theso two are deoided Oarmiohaels," she aid, putting forward a rather flabby boy and a pudding-faced girl, "and the other two are ' thorougli Grenvilles," indicating the latter and younger pair, who wore seated on the floor building a Tower of Babol with a lately reoeived present of bricks, and carrying out the idea by their own confusion of tongues. Theodore felt glad ho was not a Granville if that was tho type. He murmured some vague oivility about the children while ho shook hands with Lady Jane, who had come forward shyly to welcome him, almost - obliterated by. hor more' loquacious daughter. " Don't you think Johnnie the very image of his poor dear uncle ?" asked Mrs. Grenville ur- ' gently, a question whioh always agonised Lady Jane, who could not seo tho faintest likeness between her flabby and bilious looking grand child and hor bnndsome son. Theodore was too nervous to be consoious of his own untruthfulness in roplying in the affirmative. Ho was anxious to have- done with the children and to hear, about his cousin. " I hope J uanita is not ill ? " he said. " "Oh. no, sho i3 pretty well," replied Lady Jane, "but wo keep hor as quiet as wo can, and of course tho children are rather trying for her " "Nobody can say that they are noisy chil dren," interjected the happy mother, " so sho seldom loaves hor own rooms till the evening. You would like to seo hor at once, I daresay, Mr. Dalbrook ? and I know she will bo pleased to seo you." She rang, and told tho footman to inquire if Lady Carmiohael was ready to seo Mr. Dal brook, and Theodore had to devote the interval until tho footman's return upon polite atten tions to the four children. Ho asked Lucy whence she had obtained those delightful bricks, thereby eliciting tho information that tho bricks wero not Lucy's, but Godolphin's, only ho "let her play with them," as ho obsorved magnani mously. Ho was gratified with tho further information that tho tower now in process of' elevation was not a church, the Tower of Babel ; and he was then treated to tho history of that remarkable buiiding as relatod iu Holy Writ. " You didn't know that, did you ?" remarked Gondolpliin grandly, when ho had finishod 'his narration in a harsh bawl, being one of those coarsely constituted brats whom their parents boast of as after the pattern of the infant Heroules. The footman returned beforo Godolphin had wrung a confession of ignorauoo from tho nervous visitor, and Theodore darted up to follow him out of the room. He found J uanita reclining on , a low oouoh near the fire in a dimly lighted room, that room which he remembered having entered only once before on the occasion of an afternoon party at, tho Priory when Sir Godfrey hod taken him to his den to show him a newly acquired folio copy of Thomson's Seasons, with the famous Bar- tholozzi mezzotints. It was a good old room, especially at this wintry season, when tho dulnoss of tho ontloqk mado less difference. Tho fire light gleamed cheerily on tho rich bindings of tlit books, and on the dark woodwork, and fondly touched that reclining figure dressed inn loose white cashmere gown, the rich folds of an Oriental rug draped around hor recumbent form'.. " How good of you to come to see mo so soon, Theodore," she said, giving him her band. " I know you only camo to Dorchester yesterday. The girls were hero tho day before and told me they expected you." " You did not think I should bo in tho" coun try very long without finding my way bore, did you, Juanita?" " Well, no, perhaps not. I know what a true friend you are to mo ; all that my husband might have beeu if God had let him .live. And now tell me, have you made any further dis coveries?" " One moro discovery, Juanita, as I told you briefly in my last letter. I have traced the Squire's daughter to the sad close of a most unhappy life— and so ends the Strangway family as- you know of their existence— that is to say, those three Strangways who had some right to feel themselves aggrieved by the I033 of tho land upon which thoy wore born." "Tell mo (ill you heard from Bliss Newton. Your letter was brief and vague, but as I knew I was to see you at Christmas I waited for fuller details. Tell me everything, Theodore." . He oboyed her, and related the bitter, com- monplaco story of Evelyn Strangway's life, as told him by her old governess. ' There were no elements of romance iu tho story. It was as common as tho Divorce Court or tho daily papers. "Poor oreaturo !' Well, there ends my theory, at least about her," said Juanita gloomily. "Her brothers wore (load, and sho was dead, long beforo tiiat fatal night. Did they bequeatli their vengeance to any ono elso, I wondor ? Who else is there in this world who had reason to hate my father or me ? And I know that no creaturo upon this earth could have cause to hate my husband." "In your father's calling thero is always a possibility of a deadly hate, inexplicable, un known to the subject. Romembor the fate of Lord Mayo. A judge who holds tho keys of life and deatli must make many enemies." "Yes," sho sighed, "there is that to be thought of. Oh, my dearest and best, why did you ovor link your life with that of a Judgo's daughter ? I feel as if I had lured him to his doom. I might liave foreseen the danger. I ought nover to have married. What right had I ? Somo discharged felon lay in wait for him — somo relontless, Godloss, hopeless wretch — whom my father had condemned to long imprisonment — 4 whoso angry heart my father had scorched with his scathing speech. I have read somo of bis Bummings up, and they have socmcd cruel, cruel, cruel — so cold, so deliberate, so liko a god- making light of the sins of men — some wretch, coming maddened out of his silent cell and seeing my husband— that white, pure life, that brave, strong youth — prosperous, honored, happy- seeing . what a good man's life can be— lay in wait like a tiger, to destroy that happy life; If it was not one of tho Strangways who ' killed him, it must have been such a man. " Her eyes shone, and her cheeks flushed with a feverish rod. Theodore took her hand, held 'it in both his own, and bent to kiss the cold fin gers—not with a lover's ardor, fondly as he loved ; but with a calm and brotherly affection which soothed her agitated heart. Ho loved hor wall enough to bo able to subjugate himself for hor'sake. "My dear Juanita, if you would only withdraw your thoughts from this ghastly subject. I will not ask you to forgot. That may bo impossible. I ontroat you only to bo patient, to loavo tho chastisement of crime to Providence, which works in the dark, works silently, inevitably to the end for which we can only grope in a lame and belploss fashion. Be sure the murderer will stand revealed sooner or'later. That oruol murder will not bo his last crime, and in his next act cf violcnoe ho may be less fortunate in escaping every human eye. Or if that act is to bo tho one solitary crime of his life something will happen to betray him — some oversight of his own, or somo irrbpressiblo movement of a guilty conscience will give hi3 lifo to tho net, as a bird flies into a trap. I beseech you, denr, let your thoughts dwell upon less painful subjects — for your own sake — for the Bake—" He faltered, and loft his sentence unfinished, and Juanita knew that his sisters had told him something, that the ono hope of her blighted lifo, hope which she lihd hardly recognised as hope yet awhilo, was known to him. "I can ncvoribeaso to think of that night, or to pray that God will avenge that orimo," she said firmly. " You think that is an unchristian prayor perhaps, but what does tho Soripturo say. ' Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood bo shed,' and Christ camo to ooufirm that righteous law. Ob, it is well to be a humani tarian — to sign petitions against capital punish ment — but let your deaiost and nearest be murdered, and you will bo quick to recognise tho justice of that old inexorable law— a lifo for a life. That is what / want, Theodore — tho lifo of. the man who killed my husband." "If I can help to bring about that end, J uanita, believe me that I will not shrink from the task ; but at present I must own that I am off tho trook, and seo no liklihood of succeeding where a trained detective has failed. Could I but find a sirred of ovidence to put mo on tho trail I-would pursue that oluo to the bitter end — but so far all is dark." : "Yes, all is dark. You are going to stay at Cheriton I hear ?" "I am to spend three days thero at tho turn of the year, just before I go back to London. I havo chambors in Forrot-court, exactly ovor tho rooms in which your father spent the golden years of his youth, the yoars that made him a great man. It will be very interesting to mo to hear him talk ovor thoso yoars, if I can boguilo him into talking of himself — a subject which he so seldom dwells upon," " Ask him if he ovor made a bitter enemy- ask him for his experience as a judge at assizes — find out if you can whether he ever provoked the hatred of on unscrupulous, vindiotivo man." "My dear Juanita, half tho criminals who are sentenced would come under that denomina tion, but fortunately thoy have not yet taken to wreaking their wrath upon the judges who sentenced them when they come out of prison." " You forget the case of Lord Mayo — that good, just man." " Lord Mayo's was altogether an exceptional case. Tho murderor was a madman. " My vhusband's murderer may havo been a madman. It is useless arguing against every theory. Thero must have been a raotivo for such a seomingly purposeless murder, and that motive must have been a devilish hatred — such hatred as ono reads of in Ireland and iu Corsica. The hate that kills for the sake of killing, and will kill an innocont third party to injure tho object of its malignity." ' >. "I will question your father, Juanita." "Do 1 He will not let mo talk to him about the one subject that occupies my mind.. Ho always stops mo on the threshold of any in quiries. He might surely help mo to find' the. murderer, with his highly trained intalleot, with his experience of the darkest side of human nature — but he will not. He would talk more freely to you, no doubt." "I will sound him," answered Theodore, and then ho tried to beguile her into talking of othpr things, her home, her surroundings. " It must be a comfort to you to have Lady Jane." " A comfort ? She is all that I have of hap piness — all that reminds mo of Godfrey. My mother and father are very dear to me — I hope you believe that, Theodore — tint our lives are parted now. My mother is wrappod up in her husband. Neither of them can sympathise with me as his mother can. Their loss is not the same as ours. Wo two aro one in our grief." " And she is a buffer botweeu you and tho outer world I see. She bears the burdens that would woigh you down. Those children, tor instances-no doubt they are charming as ohildren go, but 1 fancy they would worry you if you had too much of thorn." "They would tell ine," said Juanita, smiling at him for tho first time since his entrance, "I am afraid, I am not very fond of children. It sounds unwomanly to . say so, but I often find myself wishing they could bo boru grown up. Fortunately, Lady- Jano adores them. And I am glad to havo the Grenvilles hero at Christmns time. I want all things to bo as they would have been were my dearest here. I lio hero and look round this room, which was his, and think, aud think, and think of him till 'I almost fancy ho is hero. Idle fancy, mocking dream. Oh! if you knew how often I dream that ho is living still, and I his happy wife. I dream that he has been dead — or at least thnt wo have all believed that ho was dead— but that it was a mistake, Ho is alive, our own for long years to come. Tho wild rapturo of that dream wakes me, and. I know I am alone. God keep you, Tlie-dore, from suoh a loss as mine." "I must gain something before I can lose it,'' ho answered, with a shade of bittoruess. "I seo myself as the years go on hardening into a lonely old bachelor, outliving the oapaoity for human affection." "That is nonsenso-talln You think so just now perhaps. Thero is no ono beyond your own family you ' care for, and you fancy yourself shut out from tho light romance of lifo;' but your day will come, very suddenly perhaps. You will seo somcono whom you can caro for, love will onter your life unawares, and will fill your heart and mind, and the ambition that absorbs you now will seem a small thing." . " Never, Juanita. I don't mean to plague you with any trouble of mine. You havo given mo your friendship, and I hope to bo worthy of it ; but pray do not talk to mo of tho chances of tho future. My future is bounded by tho hope of getting on at the Bar. If I fail in that I fail in everything." " You will not fail. Thero is no reason you- should nor prosper in your profession as my father prospered. I often think that you are like him — moro like him than you aro like your own father." , Their talk touched on various subjeots after this— on tho great events of the world, the events that make history — on ' books and theatres, and then upon Sarah Newton, whose plan of life interested Juanita. Ho told her of tho woman called Marian, and her inquiries about Cheriton. " I wonder if you ever knew her among your villagers," lie Baid. "I should much -like to know who she is. Sho interests mo more than I can say. There is a refinement in her manners and appearance that convincos me she must have belonged to superior people. She was never born in a laborer's oottago or amidst a small shopkeeper's shabby surroundings. She was never taught at a National sohool or broken into domestic sorvice." "Aud sho was once very handsome, you say ?" " Yes, she must have been beautiful bofore her complexion was spoilt and her foat-urcs drawn by tho small-pox. She is only a wreck now, but there is still some beauty in the wreck." " How old do you supposo her to be?" " Eight or nino-and-twonty. It is diffioult-to guess a woman's ago within two or three years, and this woman's face is ovidently aged by trouble, but I don't .think she can bo over 30." . "Thero is only ono person I can think of who would in any manner answer your description," said Juauita, thoughtfully. " Who is that?" " Mercy Porter. You must have hoard about Mercy Porter, the daughter of the woman of the East Lodgo." ' " Yes, yds, I remember. Sho ran away with, a middieaged man— an army man— one of your father's visitors." " I was a child, at the time, and of course I heard very little about it. I only know that Mercy Porter; who used to coma to Lea with my mother, and who played tho piano' better than my governess, suddculy vanished out of our lives, and that I never saw ' her again! My mother was quite fond of her, and I remember hearing of her beauty, though I was too young myself to know what beauty meant. I could not think anyono pretty who wore suoh plain frocks and suoh ; stout useful boots as Mercy wore. Her. mothor cortainly did nothing to set off her good looks, or to instil vanity. Years aftor my mother told me how tho girl disappeared ono summer evening, and how Mrs. Porter oame distracted to the house, and saw my. father, rand stormed and raved at him - in her agony, saying it was his friend who hod blighted her daughter's youth — his wish that she had gpno to her ruin. He was very patient and forbearing, with her, my mother said, for he pitied her'despqir, and he felt that ho was in somo wise tj> blame for having brought suoh an unprincipled; man as Colonel Tremaine to Cheri ton, a man who had carried ruin into m«ny homes. Aleroy had been seen to leavo Ware- ham station with him by tho night mail. Ho had a yaoht at Weymouth. Sho wrote to her mother from London a fortnight afterwards a heartbroken letter — the letter of a poor, foolish girl who tlings away hor good namq and hor hope of lioavcn with hor eyes open, and knows tho cost of her sacrifice, and yet can't help making it. I was engaged to' Godfrey when I - first heard of tho details of Mercy's Btory and of that letter, and I felt so sorry for her, so' Borry, in tho miilst of my happy lovo. What had I donoto deserve happiness moro than sho, that lifo should bo so bright for mo and ho dark for her ? I did not know that my day of agony, was to como. " Did you ever hear how Colonel Tromaine treated hur ?" , " No ! I', believe my father wrote him a very severe letter, and called upon him to repair tho wrong he had done ; but I don't think he even took so much trouble as to answer that letter. He married a rioh American widow five years afterwards, so it is only too dear that he must havo abandoned that poor unhappy girl. " Theodore, with his wider knowlcdgo of lifo, did not think tho abandonment inevitable. "Poor Mrs." Portor boro hor misfortune very quietly after that. ono outburst of despair," pursued Juanita, "and my mothor, who had not likqd her before that time, quite took to hor afterwards,' and they have been good friends ever since; Scarcely a week passes without mothor calling at tho lodge." " And has nothing boon hoard of Meroy in all those years ?" "Nothing." ' v " I wonder her mothor has sat at homo quiotly all that time instead of making strenuous efforts to find hor lost lamb, " said Theodore. "All, that is almost 'exactly what Godfrey said of her. He sooinod to think her heartless for taking things 'so quietly. She is a curious woman— self-contained and silent. I somatimes fancy she was more angry than grieved at Meroy's fate. Mother says she turns to ice at the slightest mention of the girl's -name. Don't you think love would show itself dif ferently?"' "One can never bo suro about other people's sentiments. Lovo has many languages." Their talk drifted to moro common place sub jects, and then Theodore roso to take leave. " You must dine at tho Priory before your holiday is over, Theo,"said his oousin, as thoy shook hands. " Let me see — to-morrow will be Christmas Day — wili you como the day after, and bring tho sisters ? It is too long a drivo for a winter night, 'so. you must stay, thero is plenty of room." " Are you'euro we shall not bore you ?" " I am sure you will oheor me. My sistor-in- law is very good— but .Lady Jane is tho only person in this house of whom I do not get desperately tired, including myself," sho added, witlriy sigh. "Please say you will .come and I will order your rooms. " "We will come then. Good night, Juanita." Tho shadows woro falling as he drove away, after refusing tea in the drawingroom and a further acquaintance with the wonderful ohil dren; He looked forward to that evening at the Priory with an eager expectancy that he knew to bo'suprcme foolishness, and wiien the oven- iug .came it brought somo measure of disap pointment with it. Juanita was not so well as ishe liad been upon Christmas Eve. She was not able to dine downstairs, and the family dinner, at which Johnnie and Lucy wore allowed to take their places in virtue of Christmas time, was a vory dull and Philistiuo business to Thoodoro. . His only pleasure was in tho fact that ho sat on Lady Jane's right hand, and was able to> talk with her of Juauita. Even that plcaeuro was alloyed with keenest pain ; tor Lady Jane's talk baa of that dead lovo which cast its shadow over Juanita's youth, or of that dim aud dairuing hope whioh might brighten tho coming days — and neither in tho lovo of tho past noil in the love of the future had Thoodoro any. part. Juanita was on her sofa biy tho draWingrbom fire when lio and Mr. Grenville left the dininjgroom, aftor a single glass of -claret and a brief review of the political, situation. Thcodore'ii sistors were established on each sido of her. Thoro was no room for him, and ho retirad discoasplately to the group in the middle of tho room, whore Mrs. Gronvillo and Lady Jane were seated on a capacious ottoman with tho four ohiliiicn about them. Johnnie and Lucy, who had over-oaton them selves, wore deposed to be quiot, the littlo girl leaning her fair curls and fat shining cheek against her grandmother's shoulders with an air that looked touotiing, but really meant reple tion, Johnnie sprawling on tho carpet at his mother's feet, anil wishing he had not eaten (hat ininco pie, telling himself that on tho whole lio hatedmincepie,auii hoped he should never see one again. Godolphin aud Mabel having dined early, woro fullof trouhlosDiue exuberanoe, waitingtobe ' ' jumped, " which entertainment Thoodoro had to pioyide without intermission for nearly half an hour, upheaving first une and then another to wards the ceiling, first! a rosy bumllo in ivory velvet, and then a rosy .bundle in white muslin, laughing, screaming, enraptured, to be oaught in his arms, and set c'uretfully oil tho ground, thero to await tho next turii. Theodore slaved at this recreation until hiu airms ached, casting a longing glance every itov and then at the corner l>y tho fireplace, whone his sisters were treating. Juanita to the resralt of their , latest heavy loading. \ \ At last, to liis delight, Lucy recovered from her comatose condition, aud bc.gau to thirst for amusement. " Lot's have magio music," she said, "we can all play at that, Granny and all. You know you lovo magio musio, Granny. ' Who'll play the piauo, not mother, she plays so badly," added the darling with ahiid-like .candour. . " Sophy shall play for you," ciued Theodore, "She's a capital hand at it." ; Ho went over to his sister. "Go and play for tho ohildren, Sophy," ho sgid, " I've , been' doing my duty, bio aud do yours." Sophy looked agonised, but complitvl, and he slipped into her vacant seat. He sat by. his cousin's sido for- nearly an hour, while the , childron, mother and grahdniotho played their nursery game to tho sound of tlauoa musio, neatly executed by Sophy's acchrato fingers. Their talk was of indifferent trabja ots, - and the lion's sharo of the conversation was on- joyed by liis sister ; but to Theodore it was bl'iss enough to bo there by his oousin's side, with in sound of her low melodious voioo, within touch of her tapering hand, just to sit thero, and watch her face, aud drink in tho tones of hei' voice was enough. Ho asked no more front Fato yet awhilo. Ho had a long talk with licr in her own room next morning before lio went back to Dor- ' ohester, and the talk was of that old subject which absorbed hor thoughts. " Be sure you find out all you cau from my .father," she said at parting. (To be Continued.) 