GBNBBA.L NEWS. To-bav's Sitpit.kmrnt. — A full report of tho speeches made by Mr. iklorchcad. Sir Thoniiis M'llwraith, Mr. Mncrossan anil Mr. Nelson regarding the resignation of Sir Thomns M'llwr.iitu will bo found in our supplement; also Parliamentary Extract, report of the hospital committee, murder of Christian Kppell of Toowoomba, our Sydney letter, &c;, &e.; L.UDi.iir Kaces. — Tho Laidley Turf Club has prepared a good programme, including n 50 sov. handicap, for October 17th. A Poi'LTAU BojflFA.CE.— Yesterday tho business of tho historic hosterly of Tuon-oomba, the Royal Hotel, was sold through Messrs. T. O. liobinson & Co. to Mr. W. Gentle. People will be glud to sco that popular knight of the spigot in his place behind the bnrag.iin. A Match. — Yesterday at -!? o'clock, a match, J mile, for JE3 aside, between Mr. T. II. IJalham's sh. Longstop and Mr. . I. Hurley's blk.h. Piirnell, was run on the racecourse — a most hollow affair, Longstop winning all tho way in tho commonest of canters. Time, liniii. 20sec. Autistio Imitation'. — Amongst a nice lot of furniture to bo sold this morning at 11 o'clock by Mr. R, Sinclair, at tho Central Mart, is a consignment of imitation marble mantelpieces of very superior merit. It takes sharp scrutiny to discover they are not the genuine article ' Lookyeb Stab,' — This now paper, duo to tho enterprise of Mes3rs. Jlobinson, for merly of Toowoomba, will bo inaugurated by a dinner at Victoria Hall, Laidloy, on Saturday, 2Sth instant, at 1.30. Tho proprietors havo our best wishes for tho success of both paper and dinner. It is doubtful whethnr we will bu able lo accept tho kind invitation to tho latter. MifiS AcicmnrAX. — This talented temper ance lecturer will lecture to-night and Friday uight at the School of Arti under the; auspices of tho Women's Christian Temperance Union, who will receive her at an ' At Homo ' at 3,30 this afternoon. Tho Press speak very favourably of tho discourses of Miss Aukermnu who has evidently made an excellent impi essiou throughout the South. Rust in Wheat.— At the coramittco meeting of tho Darling Downs Far mers' Association on Saturday, a general opiniou was expressed that rust will bo very prevalent this season, and instances wero given of crops being perfectly red already. Since then wo have heard of several fields of wheat being mown for hay, ns tho rust had shown to that extent that any prospect of grain was hopeless. Cuicket. — Our local cricketers will bo gratiliod to loam that arrangements have been nmilo for holding practice in tho (Juoon's Park in futuro, and tho ground will ho used for that purpose for the first time this afternoon by the Toowoomba Cricket Club, when a good roll up is anticipated. This arrangement, which will bo a great boon to tho local clubs, has been greatly facilitated by the friendly mannor in which Mr. Carrigg, tho lessoo, has mot tho request of thoso who havo interested themselves in tho matter. Affiliation Case. — Tho adjourned atlllia tion case, Hannah Eliza. McCarthy v Michael Minz, was concluded on Monday, when 113 usual u crowded court listened to the details. Tho cvidonce of Dr. Roberts as to the period of gestation wag taken, and nftot argumont by Sir. Horbo-t who (on behalf of Mr. Murray) appeared for (ho defendant, and Mr. Hamilton for plaintiff, tho Police Magistrate said ho had como to tho conclusion that defendant was re sponsiblo for tho paternity. Previous to mak ing an order ho would bu willing to hear cvHcnco as to defendant's moans, Defendant was then called and deposed that at the present ho was working with his brother anil gotting 15s a week, his paronts finding him in clothes aud tucker. Usually, however, hia work is wood-cutting for his falhor, and .for. this ho. geti no wage*.— Ordered to pay 3s Gil weekly for twelve mouths, for tho payiuentof which he must liud a surety of £10 in ouo recognizance- ; also to pay costs, in all £5 5s ii, in default distress; in default of sutliciont distress, iih priuonmont for two mouths. Hot Chaff. — At ono of our auction marts yesterday wero to bo seen a number of ba'es of chaff that was so hot it throatcued to take fire and tho consignee was obliged to empty it out to cool and dry. How camo tho moisture there ? If through n trick of trade, it is a very dangerous os well ns a very reprehensible one, and the consignors had better not try it on again or troublo may arise. The Union Bank.— Mr. James, tho con tractor for the lino building for tho Union IJiMik, yesterday made n start by laying out the foundations. Tho site adjoins tho present bank buildings, nil tho land between which and the premises of tho Co-operative Woollen Co. has been obtained for tho purpose. The hnndsime structure will ho u decided ac quisition to tho moro pretontions architecture of the town. Happy Escape.— Last Sunday a weo todd ling son of tho Hcv. W. Dinning got into the pnddoclt where his father's horae was grazing and walked right under tho auimal's girlh. .lust nt dint moment a dog ran at tho horse's heels, the hoiso, wheeled, let out and sent the poor child flying. Wonderful to relate, be yond a bruised ur:n tho little fellow seemed littlo tho worse, although gravo fears were naturally entertained for a while, and is now almost as right as ever. An Ot,d Identity Gone. — Yesterday ono of the oldest settlers in Toowoomba was laid to his rest. Heinrich Kichin, native of Essen, Germany, camo to Toowoomba 35 years ago and remained hero ever since. His funeral was attended by a large number, principally of his countrymen and their descendants, the services being conducted by the Hev. Pastor Guhr of St. Paul's. Tho members of the Veroiu Tcutonia (Glee Club) of which deceased was a member, inarched in front of tho cortege to the number of abnut fifty, and six of these bore tho collin to tho gravo. The old German funeral liymn, ' Schlaf wohl, Camarad ' (Sleep well, Comrade) was sang over the grave. Deceased, who was (JO years of ago, le ive3 a widow and two grown up children. A PowoiiJiAN's Lot. — YestenHy morning is pair of drunks, Priscilla Kwers and James Daltou, wcread'nonisliod and discharged by the Police Magistrate. Not m:niy hours elnp-cd before tho hitter once more claimed the atten tion of the polico by whom he was discovered in a highly 'righteous' state in Kuthvon-strect. Hut .lames, thctigh ho had no particular dis taste to admonition, evidently did not approve of the Toowoomba jug andstrcnously objected to spending a Econd night in that apartment of Sp.irtnu simplicity, nor did the constables succeed in overcoming his scruples until he had remonstrated by kicking a piece off the ear of one of Ihem. This morning, doubtless, ho will bo prepared to imbibe further ad monition, but perhaps havo to content himself with that unexhilaiatiug beverage. Conjunction* oi? Planets, — On Friday morning next at -1 o'clock and thenco until near sunrise, a rare and beautiful sight will be visible in the eastern sky. Saturn and Mars will rise so closely together as to appear like one huge, differently tinted star. A short dis tance above will be Venus, and a short distance below Mercury which rises soon after the conjunct pair. The latter will be close lo Regulus, the principal star — one of the first magnitude — in tlie -.'Ou- slillation of Loo. Tho moon also will not be far off. It will be ages before there is such an other congregation of plnnots and stars. The conjunction of Mars, indicating war, and of Saturn, indicating pestilence and misfortune generally, would in the olden days of astrology have set the world tnnd with fear, especially when the jeportent wero coupled with tho proximity of the other planets — and the rupture in tho Cabinet. How M.\im:t.s aiib Made. — A Warwick pnpor says : ' Probably somo of our readers may recollect the sensation roused a few weeks ago in Ko'-Uhampton, when, at a public per formance of clairvnyimco Miss Kate Kussull gave an accurate {description of the murder known astho ' Calliope Murder,' aud also gave a clue to the whereabouts of the escaped prisoner Mclvean, which same led to his arrest. The incident caused great excitement, and went tho rounds of tho whole Queensland Press.' This is how prophecies anil ghosts and other supernatural phenomena are attested. We have already drawn attention to the extremo width between tho clairvoyant vision and tho prosaic facts — tho width representing a few hundred miles. The cliirvoyaut stated' Mclvean had crossed the Peak Downs range on his way to Mackay, whereas that noted escapee was in the scrub close to Clermont all the time, never more than seven or eight miles away. The clairvoynut and her company are exceedingly clever and very well worth seeing, but as for her seeing moro than ordinary mortal eyes can, that of course is all humbug, which is part of the pl.iy. St. Jamrs' Cittmcir. — The following is the report of St. James' Parochial Council in connec tion with the building of a new edifice : — The 5it. James' Parochial Council desire to call tho attention of all parishioners to the resolutions that will be laid before the special meeting su inmonod for Wednesday, 2nd October next. It will then bo moved — ' (1). That in view of tho reports received from two architects as to tho condition of St. James' Church, it is unde sirable to incur any further expense in repairs bej ond what may bo necessary to insure safety.' ' (2). That iu the opiniou of this meeting it is desirable to begin to build a new church as early as practicable.' With regard to the rnports of the architects, Messrs. Martin and Stanley, lliori! is a lilllo dilYeronco of opinion as to how long the church is likely to stand. Mr. Stanley takes a more hopeful view on this point thati Mr. Martin, but both aro agreed as to tho bad stato of the foundations. Then! is no doubt that something must be done before very long. To repair thoroughly would be a most costly process, and tho Council believe that no money would bo forthcoming from the parishioners for tho purpose. The only other course is to build a new church, and the sooner it is begun the bettor. A church worthy of the parish and adapted to tho probable needs of the not distant future would probably cost as much as £10,000 when completed. It might, howevor, bo built by degrees, and euough of it for temporary use be finished for half that sum, tho rest being added as tho funds camo in. The Council would sucffest that subscriptions to the new church be ot once invited, in hopes that in a year's time sufficient money will be received to begin building. The Council realise very fully that they aro asking for a largo amount, but not moro than tho members of St. James' con gregation should be able to raise in tho course of such a term as live years. Subscriptions might bo paid annually for a staved number of years, or by quarterly or monthly instalments. Tho Council feel sure that while tho wealthy will bo willing and able to give large sums in ono or more donations, there are many others who would find it unich easier to make a small contribution each month. Tho Council hope in conclusion that nil parishioners of both sexes will show their interest iu tho proposed undertaking by being present at tho nbovo meeting at 8 p.m. on Wednesday, tho 2nd October next, at tho Church Institute. Tho Parochial Council consist of the following members : — The Right Rev, liishop D.iwes, tho Revs. H. K. Goldingham, and II. Wallis, Messrs. Radford, Hrodribb and Macmichael, Church wardens j Messrs, ISoyd, Bennett, Bur nell, Cruiso, Field and Golden, Vestrymen. The attention of thoso in search of a grand farm is directed to tho advertisement of R. Falkiner & Co. iu this issno. On the 27th inst. they will offor 1107 acres of rich agricul tural laud, 100 acres cultivated, within 'S miles of Greouinount, choice sites for orchards and rinoynrds. Terms most liberal. Yearly pay ments extending over 10 years or £100 cash, balance to remain for 10 years low rato of intorc3t. Weathor permitiing, a conveyance will leavo Mr. C. Bell's Hotel nt Grcomnount at 9'o'clook sharp, on Monday next, to take intending purchasers to iuspoct. Demolishing a Ciiunon. — ' That pictur esquo ecclesiastical ruin,' as Mr. Youngman called it, the old Wcsleyan church in Noil Street, will toon disappear from tho land. It is now being pulled down, a work at which good progress is being made. Poi.o. — Another very goad practise match was held on the Nowtown paddock last Satur day afternoon, when a good number rolled up to sco what ended in a very hard struggle Messrs. Clark and Godsnll pickod sides. At half time tho game stood two all, after which tho players buckled to with renewed energy. When we say that it took 20 minutes to decide tho winning tenm it will bo scon that it was a very hard tussle. Just tivo minutes before time, another goal was made by Godsoll's side, which thus won by 3 to 2. Clark mado the two goals for his side and Godsalltho three for his. Wo believe that next Saturday will be the last match, ns no word has been received from Brisbane re tho return match, where fore it is presumed that it will bo postponed till next season . Jkssop'b Jokes. — Tho position of Chairman of Committeo (says tho Courier) cannot bo a vory enviable ono. Tho continual parrot liko iteration of phrases commencing '? The question is that ' such and such to be done, is enough to cause softening of the bruin and to make a man uncertain whether thero is any meaning in language after all. Mr. Jessop is not often nt fault, but ' even Homer nods.' A few evenings ago, when after a weary do bate bn was moved out of tho chair, he an nounced that ' tho question is that I do now leavo tho House.' The wish was in thiscaso father to the thought. Mr. Jessop, like most of the members aud nil tho reporters, was anxious to leave tho House, but he was not permitted to for some hours afterwards. Yes terday Sir S. \V. Griffith rose to nddross the committee, when Mr. Jessop observing him. called '? the Chief Secretary.' This time it is hardly likely that the wish w.13 father to the thought, for Mr. Jossop is well known as a stanch supporter of the Government, and he cannot bo expected to long for the timo when Sir S. W. Griffith sh-ill again occupy tho post of Chief .Secret-ry. But the House laughed heartily all the same. The Geimif.s Mvstkp.y.— It is understood ^ays yestenlay s J'slegrapli.) Unit arrange ments have been made between the solicitors for tho A.M P. Society and the polico for the visit of Sergeant Atkinson to Adelaide for the purpose of identifying or otherwise the man Louis Brennan, who is confined in the lnnntic asylum at Adelaide, with the William Goodwin Geddes, juRr., who is supposed to have been drowned in 1SS7. Sergeant Atkinson was stationed at Caboolturo in tint year. Mr. 1- razor, a draughtsman in the survey office, also leaves to-night for Adelaide for the purpose of ascertaining if the Louis Brennan in question is identical with a Louis Brennan whom he knew in Invcrcargill, New Zealand, some years ai;o. It is asserted that some handwrit ing in Mr. Eraser's possession, known to bo that of the Louis Brcunau iu question, when at Invcrcargill, bears a striking resemblance to tho handwriting of William Goodwin Geddes, junr., in the records of the survey office of this colony. U is probable, therefore;, that within a fortnight s.iine light may bo forthcoming which will serve to elucidate the mystery. A Mount Moro an Discovery. — Advices from Rockhumptou report a new strike in the celebrated Mount Morgan miue. Iu what (say the Courier) is termed the Lady Mus gravo tunnel, which penetrates the freehold at tho lowest level as yet prospected, a vein of auriferous matter has been struck, which for a proved width of lift, tests for n yield of 4oz, to tho ton. Ono bounding wall not having yet been reached, tho extent of tho vein cannot be determined, neither can nny definite conclusion bo arrived at as to its richness, which may exhibit a much moro or less prolific belt of ore than that already passnd through.. Of course, in any mine lint tb'13 one, an ore body of lift, in width, averaging -loz. to the ton, would be matter of sensational comment, but in this quarter it excite* little or no sur prise, beyond confirming Mr. Jack's tbocry as to the extension of the gold-bearing strata into tho freehold area of the property. And while on the subject of the Mount tho opportunity may bo taken of adverting to impending con tingencies. A demand tor the shaves is spring ing up in London, and may nt any moment attnin considerable dimensions. A mine with such prospects of permanency as this, paying something over 15 per cent, will whet the appetites of capitalists tired of Turkish pre ference, Egyptian bonds, Transvaal diamond scrip, and 6'outh African gold bubbles, to eay notbingof the unrealised expect ations of Mysore. The available capital in these, colonies cannot bear the stress of absorbing the vast sum repre sented by tho current value of Mouut Morgan, while those who so imprudently speculated at high rates lie under tho inenbus of paper lia bilities. Under such circumstances an ease ment lies in the direction of a rsconstitutiou of tho company. If it wero placed upon tho English market absorbanco would entail no difficulty did arrangements present themselves by which the holders of scrip, contingent upon the retirement of current bills, could be relieved of immediate responsibility and placed in a position to share iu the contingent profits of conversion. Whether such an idea is likely to take practical shapo is matter of conjecture, but tho difficulties in tho way seem far from formidable, while the accruing benefits nrc un mistakable. In the first caso the scrip would possess a realisable quotation and the opera tions of the mine might probably bo so far extended as to largely increase tho presont output. Thb would naturally euhanco tho market value of shares and iu all probability dispel the cloud in which somo sanguiuo operations havo long been shrouded. 