i®IM FOMDIi BY "J. MONK FOSTER, ArJi"! i f " Gu\h <!>.r's Vengeance,' For Love and Cvi-V ' A Poor Man's Tragedy, etc. C-IAI'TEE XVI. — (COE'TIXnED. AuMlior turn or two about the room, then Lady Euih he.ad sounds of feet ia the corridor outside, licxr a hurried knock at the door. Hastily turn ing umiici trns she flung herself into the chair previously occupied, assumed a negligent attitude. and said, languidly, Come in." 3Irs. Brevier entered, white-faced and too j fluttered to find speech easy. At last she managed ;o exclaim — Mr. Gray ! Mr. Gray !" 1 WkG of liim ? What is the matter, woman ,J , peak, eun't you r 'lie's in a St or something I Mrs, Bagley gl H.-1 ' Where is he';' 'In the room whcro he had his supper.' 'Who's with him V This was us .ted as Lady Path hurried out of the room with the scared housekeeper at her heels. 4 Mrs. f-vegson. I told her first, and she sent i 136 to you.' 4 iro anl awake some of the men at once. Fcui oiiti of them for Dr. Fleming, and let some oi the others come to move Mr. Gray.' Entering the chamber in which she had left Walter less than half an hour before, she found the iiureo bathing Walter's forehead with ccid Water. Ke lay on his back on the carpet, an overturned chair beside him and a broken tea cup n i-:\v foot away. He seemed to have been seized whilst at supper, for some fragments of nv>-=- ,re on j2,e tbleaud the cloth" was wet with tea. > .t'ii ;=> the matter with him, Mrs. Gr-egson; ' Lady huih said tenderly as she bent over M < yr t her soft wliito liand on his burning brow. ' Seems to be cnlv a fainting fit, vour ladv- CV' « o ; » baip. 1 'ihir.g Tronic ' lioiik not. Anxiety, trouble. or something , £1:1 come round in a bit.' B hit must I do F A doctor must be sent for, of course. I have told Mrs. Baylor to rouse the servants and send ono of them.' ' I den"; think a doctor is wanted, nay lady. " comin' round now.' tt began to show signs of animation. his arms, twisted on the floor, but his rice still remained deadly white with a strange expression on it. Presently he opened his eyes tor a moment, stared about him vacantly, but did not soetn to recognise either Lady Ruth or Mrs. (begson. . Gray, cried Ruth tenderly, 'you are better now, yea will be all right soon. Speak me. He'd p'raps like a drop of brandy, my lady,' suggested the nurse, but Walter did not take the sEghiest notice of what either of them said. cam,; ins eyes again, was as quiet as eforo, but breathing heavily liko a tired sleeper. , 7' 5 t-leepin' now,' said the nurse. 4 Couldn't «o better. Sleep's butter than physic. Let him l)ut to bed, and he'll lie all right when he VG>eu>' U be isn't.' Perhaps it will be the best thing to do,' her huysir.p murmured, her voice denoting great concern. ' The servants are here now,' i then Mrs. Bayley and two men-servants ' pGterod. Ludy liutii bade carry Walter bito one of the nearest bedrooms. When the . rienhad carried Walter out she tui'ned to Mrs. "lev, saving to her — auvuuu gone for a doctor?' . t yet, but Mr. Williams wJIJ. be here in a bim to be quick.' He need not go now. Mrs. Gregson says a doctor is unnecessary. Mr. Gray has only ; Minted, and will be all right in the morning "|er good sleep. He'll be all right whan he wakens, ® Mrs. bregpon iterated. | How is your patient, Mis. Gregson?' Must be all right — I mean no worse, or the lady would have let me know. She's with him for nearly aa hour now, and it's |he had his medicine. r,v Ar ll0 your patient, or the young lady, Mr. Gray's iHneas, 'T would only upset VJrA1?rIIla5e!rs, are serious enough already. S and watch b? Mr. Gray retail J<?f egson, had better time yur patient ; he may need you any 018 nmao' <» nf mF husband the moment he is mn-tipnu' -r? Gregson. Let me know the moment he is alone. , XrePj' jour ladyship, and then she returned to The Woman m White.' ?6 ¥ the room» Lady Ruth walked to the tabm, took up the teapot, lifted the lid and looked maae. About a cupful of tea still remained m the pot. It must be got rid of uumedialely „ Whilst she was considering how to ge.. nd of it there was a tap at the door, and then someone entered. The blood rushed to her face, and she confronted the intruder guiltily. 'Twas Williams, Wilson Gray's valet. _ . ,rs. Bayley said you wanted me, your lady ship, he said very humbly. ' I did want you, Williams, but I don't need you now. If X do require you, I will send for you.' She spoke very pleasantly to the valet, and he left the room. Then she seized hold of the pot, placed it under her arm, and the lace shawl thrown over her shoulders was pulled down to cover it. This done she returned to her boudoir. There, she thrust her slim hand into Lie pot, pulled out a handful of leaves, and examined them close to the gaslight. The tea lea ves were plainly distinguishable by their serrated edges, and among the dark mass of iea leaves were to he seen small atoms of crimson-coloured matter. 'Twas the drag she had dropped into the pot, and whoso direful potency Walter's condition fully attested. She was very glad she had brought the tea pot- and its contents with lier. No telling what might have b3en discovered had she left" it in the room. She placed the handful of leaves among the hot coals, allowed every drop of liquid to drain from the pot, then she cleaned out the remaining leaves and dropped them also oil the fire. After cleaning out the pot she put it away in the secret recess of the antique chest. The tea-pot was a pretty pieceof wedgewood, quaint-shaped, and rare, and Mrs. Bayley would be hunting high and low for it. It was not very probable that the housekeeper would find her piece of crockery. Walter Gray Lad been put to bed, and there he lay still asleep and breathing heavily. His face was rigid and ashen-hued, and a strange expression hovered over his features. Mrs. Bayley was seated by the bed and Lady Ruth was standing Ireside it, gazing intentedly oil the pale face of the man she loved so passionately. Has lie never regained consciousness ?' Lady Ruth asked. No. he's never stirred since they put him there. His face would frighten me if he did not not breathe so hard. I think he's very bad.' -' Perhaps it would have been better if we had sent for Doctor Fleming.' Lady Ruth stooped low till her lips almost touched the sleeping man's face. 1 Perhaps,' returned Mrs. Bayley. 4 But Sirs. Gregson said he would be all right, and she'3 had lGts of experience.' Will you get me a drop of wine or some thing ? I feel tired and faint. I'll wait here hy Mr. Gray till you return.' Walter Gray's clothes were thrown over a chair back, Walter was still slumbering, and as the door closed on Mrs. Bayley Lady Ruth picked up Walter's coat, felt in the pockets i aud drew" forth the marriage lines, the locket, the portrait ho had shown her a whil9 before. She had noticed the pocket in which he placed them, and found them at once. She glanced over them to make sure she had got what she wanted, then thrust them into her pocket. When Mrs. Bayley came back she found her mistress sitting quietly by Hie bedside. Lady Ruth drank the wine with a great show of , pleasure, and appeared to be greatly benefited | thereby. Then she rose, thanked the other, and said: ' You will lot me know how Mr. Gray goes : on. I'll send someone to relieve you as soon as I have been to sea my husband.' ' Reading still, Mrs. Gregson? Yes. f And the young lady and my husband ?' ' Arc still together.' j 1 What does this mean? Wilson is too seriously ill to be neglected for such a length of time. You ought to have returned long since- , , , , I'm only a servant, my and he gave me positive orders not to enter the room till I was called for. _ But I caqnot allow him to endanger Ins lite to gratify this woman's whim. Very likely she is telling him something of an exciting nature, aud who knows what may be the conss- I queuce. I will wait no longer. Come with me — hush! They paused at the door of the sick room and listened. All was still within, . Not a word or sound of any kind fell on their, atten tive ears. Shall I knock? said Mrs. Gregson- ' Is the door locked?' No ! Then we'll go in,' and they entered, Lady Ruth opening the door and going first. Just inside Hie chamber they paused aud glanced towards the bed, aud their eyes met an unex- oected sight. There in a chair sat Alice Gray iSeep, and Wilson Gray seemed to be slumber ing also. Overcome with fatigue, probably. Alice had laid her head %gaiust the chair-back and dozed off in a moment. Poor thing, she's quite knocked up, said Mrs GregsonfandLady Ruth stepped lightly across Hie room, and touched Ahoe on the shoulder. She started up, and for a moment or twodid not know where she was. Tenalie re?SoSlectfal I am/ 'to faU asleep ; but I was so tired. He re still aslcejq it caomi- and when he was dozing off he told to leave him. A long sleep Will do him good, won't it ?' - 1 Yes, it will do him good, Lady Ruth answered. Much good, indeed, Mrs. Gregson ventured to remark. Then Lady Ruth went up to the bed, bent low- over Wilson and looked into his face. Suddenly she sprang upright with a cry of dismay. . What's the matter V Alice asked, rising from her chair. He is dead I' her ladyship answered in a low, awed tone," Dead r' cried Alice and the nurse in a joint whisper. Yes, dead. He is quite cold now. God forgive my neglect!' cried Alice, the tears filling her eyes, for whan he was dying I dept.' And I wasn't at my post,' sighed poor Mrs. j Gregson. But it wasn't my fault.' Chap tee XVII. — A Glass op Wixe. When Walter quitted the room, leaving father and daughter together, neither Wilson nor Alice spoke for a moment or two. The sight of Alice's face had brought to Wilson Gray his youth with all its wildnesses, follies, and its one pure .passion. The sweet maid he had wooed 'mid Derbyshire's beautiful peaks and dales lived again in her equally beautiful daughter. A sad meeting this, my dear,' said "Wiison, through thick sobs. 'Tis sad enough when the father has to bemoan his child's sins and tollies, but it is a thousand times sadder still when a child has to weep over and excuse a sire's moral shortcomings. How can I ask of you to think of me as your father — how expect you to reciprocate the love I already feel ? How (Kin you think but harshly of me wheu I deserted your mother ere you were horn, stay ing away from England for more than a score of years ; and during all that time, little caring and seldom inquiring how either of you were faring. And even after I came into possession of my father's fortune, I never thought of seeking my wifo and child. I only did so wheu frightened to it. 4 Walter save it was you whom I saw that day in the fields, aud as true as there's a God above us I thought you your mother's - ghost. Perhaps heaven sent yon to me as a warning. I am thankful now for it. We meet late in life, dear, but not too late. There is yet time for contrition, and restitution — contrition for your mother'.- suffering, and restitution for her child — and mine. I cannot hope to ever hear you call me father. I have sinned too much, and my punishment must be in proportion. Father is a blessed word I shall never hear from lips of child of mine, and I — I deserve it all.' His words came slowly and his tears fast. He covered his pallid face with his lank hands, and his big, bitter tears trickled through his fingers. His weak frame shook with emotion, and he pre sented a powerful picture of intense shame and passionate regret. Alice Gray had come to Aldayne Priory with no great love higher heart for the father who had deserted his wife and child. She was no romantic young lady, eager to iling herself into a new-found father's arms. Iler reason told her that her sire wa3 a weak, foolish, erring mortal — if nothing worse — and she had told herself that in such a case as hers parental love could not be born, in a day. But her father's tears molted all her reserve, aud Ms appealing, sorrowful words awoke all the sympathy in her big, womanly breast. Her eyes grow moist, filled with tears, a big lump rose in her throat, aud she burst out : — j ' Father ! dear father ! do not cry so. Forgive me for being so uadaugtherly. Father, let me comfort you— let me kiss you:' Need I record it that Wilson Gray permitted his rare-faced child to kiss and kiss him again and again. And those warm kisses made father and daughter feel much better aud easier of miud. They conversed more freely after that. ' And now, darling, tell me something about yourself. When did your mother die ? ' Last Christmas. I buried her in a pretty cemetery just outside Manchester.' 'She died broken-hearted! Good God! what I have to answer for !' ' No, not broken-hearted. But her life was not what it deserved to have been.' 'She thought me all bad, like the rest of my friends thought me ?' ' No ! no ! She believed ia you to the last moment. Robert Wilson was the last name on her lips. I doubted you, but she never swerved in her belief,' In his weak, fading voiee he plied her with ; many questions. She had to relate in detail all : her early life, her mother's struggles to clothe, ; feed, and educate her child respectably. How her mother had stitched away all day to buy them bread, and taught her to read when work was scant. He lay contentedly on his pillow3, Alice's hand lying between his own damp palms, . watching every varying expression of her sweet , rare face, discovering every moment some new - resemblance in it to that of the maid's he had loved, wooed, won, and deserted in the wild, mad days of his youth. ' There is one thing, Alice,' said Wilson, fer vently, ' which gives me great satisfaction. You are to be my cousin Walter's wife ?' ' Yes,' she answered, shyly, a blush lighting up her pale face and making it irresistibly sweet and alluring. 'Had I all the world to choose from he is the one I would name as your husband. There is not his like in all the land— what's that?' ' Someone at the door.' ' Send them away, then. Don't let anyone come in. We can't he disturbed by anybody — only Walter.' She went to the door. The nurse was there, aud Alice told her to wait awhile. Then she re turned to her father's side, and the interrupted conversation was renewed. How fortunate it is, dear, that you and Walter are sweethearts. The fortune my , cousin gave up so nobly wi Jbe his again, and . car child's, too. , I've made no will vet. but I'll make ono to-morrow. Perhaps a will is un necessary, but we had better he sure. Don't let it trouble you, father.' _ 'No, I won% hut to-morrow I must. lam tired now— quit9 sleepy. . If I fall asleep don't leave me. I like to think of - you watching by my side. ' Let me fetch Walter.' He is busy, I daresay.' Busy, father ?' 1 Yes, dear. He is breaking the news to Lady Ruth of my marriage. - To morrow I must arrange about her and the child. Don't leave me, Alice; don't leave me. I am so i tired.' - She promised, and he "fell quietly asleep. She: struggled awhile to keep awake, "but she had been awake long, and the incidents of : that eventful day had tired both body and \ mind. In a few minutes more her eyelids | sank on her cheeks, her head pillowed itself against the back of the chair, and she also slumbered. The touch of Lady Ruth's hand roused Alice to wakefulness, and waking she found that whilst she slept her father had passed peacefully and'painlessly away. i Where ia Walter? Where is Mr. Gray?' Alice cried, turning from her father's stony 1 face. ' Come to my room — come at once ; this is no j place for either of us.' Lady Ruth placed her arm round Alice's : waist and led her unresistingly away. Her ladyship was evidently greatly moved, thought ; Alice, by Wilson Gray's death. Her eyes were full of tears, her voiee thick with emotion, and Alice felt very kindly towards Lady Ruth for evincing such "sorrow at her father's death. Lady Ruth had well considered the terrible task she had set herself. The part she had to play was both difficult and dangerous, but she had commenced th3 work, and was resolved to carry it through. The first half of the scheme had succeeded grandly, and she had no doubts as to being able to succeel with the rest. Lady Ruth led Alice from the chamber o? death, and outside the room the latter again inquired for her lover. Just then her ladyship wished to be rid of Alice as she wanted to speak to Mrs. Gregson, and she addressed one of the men who helped to carry Walter to bed, who happined to be loitering about. 4 Here, Simmons,' said she, 4 you know Mr. Gray's room, show this lady there. You must excuse me, my dear, I have so much to arrange. This is a sad business, but we must meet it bravely. I will Eee you again in a few minutes.' Alice and the servant went away. Then Lady Rath turned to Mrs. Gregson, her big brown eyes still full of moisture, and her voice tremulous with suppressed emotion. 4 This is a great trial for me, Mrs. Gregson,' she murmured, placing one hand on the nurse's shoulder for support. My husband dead and his relative taken seriously ilL Mr. Walter; would have been a great help to me had he been well. I hardly know what to do. It is the first time death has ever come so near me, I know you will help me, and I will not be un grateful. You have had experience of these sad things, and will advise me.' I will do all I can, my lady, cried the nurse warmly, quite won by< Lady Ruth's amiable words. 4 1 know you would, Mrs. Gregson ; I know you would hot desert me. I shall telegraph for my mother the first thing in the morning. And i until she comes do whatever you think best. The servants are all at your disposal, and will i do whatever you may wish done. My house- j keeper, Mis. Bayley, is almost as unused to these sad things as I am, and she will be glad to help you.' ' Don't let it trouble you, my lady ; I'll take charge of everything till the Countess comes.' Lady Ruth's troubles seemed to have affected kor greatly : she still lingered with Mrs Gregson, and said presently in quite a frieudly tone : 4 Poor Miss Wilson t I am so sorry for her, she seemed greatly affected, didn't she?' 4 Is the young lady named Wilson ?' asked the nurse. 4 Yes, I am so 6orry for her.' 4 She seemed greatly 14 put about," my lady ? she did indeed.' 4 And no wonder, poor girl \ 4 Indeed! Why?' the nurse ventured to ask, for Lady Ruth had spoken in a tone which jalmost asked for, and certainly invited question ing on the subject of Alice Wilson, aa her lady- ehip had called Alice Gray. 4 My poor husband was her father.' 4 Her father, your ladyship ?' Mrs. Gregson blurted out. 4 1 must admit that such is the case. She is illegitimate, of course— the child of some poor ignorant girl Wilson led astray in his wild young days. Still, she is his chud for all that, and I respect my husband's memoxy all the more for wanting to see her before he died, and : placing her above the reach of poverty. Well, I must say j never should have thought d£ such a thing.' Very few people know about it, and there ia nothing to be gained by letting the world know. I know I can trust you. Miss Wilson will be going away early — the sooner the better, don't you think so ? for people might begin to wonder ; who she is; Just so, your ladyship, for people will talk, you know, if they get the chance.' ; . Those people who did not love my husband would only be too glad to get hold of anything against him to blacken his memory. BuTl will not give them the chance. And if the matter became gofferally known it would malm Miss Wilson'B position very uncomfortable, wouldn't it? She is not to blame for her mother's weakness, and I will do what I can ! to hide the knowledge of her ignoble birth from the world.' ' Them's not many would have dime so much as you, my lady. i I am only doing mj duty. Til go now. I &m; so tired. Good night, and you very much.® . v Lady Ruth waited C!ATFW swav, and the nurse looked after- fear thinking what a good creature ehe Waa. Her ladyship had good reasons for felling Mrs, Gregson so milch 'Twas a detail of the daringr and elaborate scheme she was working out So far all had gone well. Walter Gray was out of the Tray for. the present ; Wilson Gray was dead, and she was heiress to all his wealth if he had not made a will within the last twenty- four hours. Whether tibia man had made a will or not she would soon learn from AHca Gray, who was certain to know. Luck, or circumstance, call it what you will, Seemed to favour Lady Ruth, and gh was eager to Complete her work. The greatness of the prizes for which she was working precluded the possibility of turning back. She was fully prepared now to go to any length to accom plish her ends. All the better instincts of her nature were dead for the time. A devil was in her heart, and guiding band and brain, She had set herself a goal and would reach it no matter what she had to trample under foot on the way. She had a right to use all her force of intellect to further her own ambi tions ; statesmen and warriors did so, why not she also ? In the 4 struggle for existence' the weak must necessarily suffer. 'Twas only natural that the strongest should survive. There were a few holes in Lady Ruth's moral code, and she attempted to fill them up with bits of philosophical putty. Simmons took Alice to the door of the room in which Walter lay, and pointing to the closed door, said : 4 Mr. Gray is there, ma'am. ' Then the man went on his way. Alice tapped at the door, and someone, not Walter she felt sure, said : 4 Come in.' She opened the door and entered. She glanced found the room, saw a bed in which somebody was laid and a woman sat beside if. She started back in confusion, saying ; 4 Pardon me! I have made a mistake. I wished to see Mr. Gray, and one of the servants sent me hers in mistake.' She was at the threshold of the room, her hand on the door, ready to retire when .she was startled by hearing Mrs. Bayley, the woman seated at the bedside, say : 4 Mr. Gray is here, Miss. 4 Here ? Where ?' Alice cried. 4 In bed, poor thing, and looks likely for re maining there for many a day. 4 My God ! What is the matter with him f ' And fee affrighted girl started to fee bedside, where she gazed wife tearful eyes and tender, loving looks on the white, senseless face she saw there. 4 He's very poorly, my dear; very poorly, j indeed. Had a fit or something of that sort, j Didn't you hear about it? j Not a word-rruot a single word ! "When did this happen? t Perhaps half an hour since; or, maybe, three-quarters. He was? taken sudden Ufa while having some supper. I was serving Him and yrent out of fee Toom for a -minute, and ' when I got back I found him lying white and senseless on fee floor.' 4 And what does fee doctor say of Walter's sudden attack ?' 4 No doctor's seen him.' 4 How's that ? Surely one ought to have been sent for immediately.' 4 Mrs. Gregson — the woman who is nursing master — has seen lots of such cases, she says, and it's only a fainting fit she thinks. She says he'll be all right after a good long sleep.' 4 This looks more like death than sleep. The woman may be mistaken, end- he may be seriously ill— may, perhaps, die. A doctor ought to be sent for at once.' 4 Just as I think, miss.' 4 Does your mistress know of this V 4 She does. I fetched her first when it happened.' 4 And why did she not send for a doctor ?' - 4 She wanted to do so, but Mrs. Gregson said 'twasa't any use. He'd be all right in feu morning.' Just then the chamber door opened and Lady Ruth glided in. There was a look of Bufawa hovering o'er her face, and her eyes seemed rod wife crying. She went ap to Alice saying, sorrowfully: - 4 How cruel it was of me to let than bring you here. I forgot feat you did not know ol Mr. Gray's attack. X am-so sorry for my negli gence. What a terrible shock it would be to you to come here and find him lying there Ufa that.' 4 It was. How deathlike he seems? Don't you think feat a doctor should be called in to eeeMm? 4 1 thought so at first, but was advised by Mrs. Gregson not to send for one, as Mr. Gray's attack was only fee result of fatigue, and would - pass off after a sennd sleep. Still, if yon wife it, I'll send for a doctor at once. I do wish it!' Alice cried, firmly. feel much more satisfied when a doctor is in at tendance on him.' 4 Mrs. Bayley, go at once and order Wiffliams to fetch Doctor Planing. I tiudlfoel-easfei myself when a medical man has seen him. The housekeeper wieat on her mission, and then Lady Ruth said : . 4 Will you allow me to feow you ibyour room now, Miss Wilson ? I know how feed yon are with all to-day's anxieties. l am almost dead myself from sheer-fatigue. 4 1 would rather stay her©, said Alice, quite naivety. r , 4 Here?' Lady Ruth exclaimed in great sur prise. - . . . ; 4 Yes, here,' Alice replied, firmly. 4 He seems to be seriously ill, and my place is near him," your ladyship.' 4 Whatever makes yon tiunk so, my 'dhar Miss Wilson. True, Mr. Gray is my husband's cousin, but there is no reason why you ueed kill yourself by watehing by his bed. 4 Oh, I forgot!' Alice ehunmered, her faoe reddening wife sweet shame. 4 Perhaps you dc not know feat Walter and Inreeogaged, 4 Engaged?' 4 Yes— did he not tell you ?' . r 4 Certainly not. . And even if yon weie ea'"> by special arrangement wife fee author. v w m r r " gaged that will not justify your staying here alone. My servants do not know of ;yphr en gagement, and would not think too weUof you for your self-denials' ' t 4 stiii — / ; ; . # 1 . . 4 Not a word now, Mrs. Bayley is returning. Tn any case it is better not to stay here. You will be ill yourself shortly, arid one dead person and nnntbpr ill one are quite enough. Come with me, I have much to tell you.' Mrs. Bayley came in and announced that Williams had gone for toe doctor, then Alice a-wd Lady Ruth went out of the room to gether. At the door her ladyship remarked : 4 1 have had a room prepared for you and some slight refreshment. 1 will accompany you there and we can have a chat. How you sur prised me when you said that you and Mr. Walter Gray were engaged. From what he. told me I should never have dreamt of such a tiring.' 4 What did he tell you ?' Alice asked, looking suspiciously at her companion. But Lady Ruth did not answer Alice just then. 4 This is toe room, Miss Wilson' — opening the door. 4 They've lit a fire, I see. An old room, but a comfortable one. Excuse me a moment, my dear. I'll be back directly.' Alice went into the room and dropped into a chair on one side of toe fire burning in an old-fashioned grate. Lady Ruth saw Alice seated and then darted away to her boudoir. Going in she locked the door, crossed the room to where the antique chest stood, dropped on her knees and opened toe secret cham ber . Again she took up the curiously- shaped phial, drew the stopper, and shook tout a small quantity of tea-like stuff it contained into her hand. Then she put back the phial, closed the secret door, jumped to her feet, unlocked the 'boudoir door, and in half ammuteraore she was seated in an easy chair opposite-Alice; The room inwhich the women sat was one of the oldest looking in the Priory. Most of the other apartments had been renovated according to modern ideas of beauty and comfort. But this chamber had been left its oaken wainscot and floor, yet it did not look an uncomfortable place with a big fire glowing cheerily in the grate and casting shadows about the corners and behind the chairs. A thick carpet of some rich, soft Turkish stuff covered the polished floor, and some ornaments on the carved mantelpiece, and a few pictures relieved the room from gloominess. The gas was burning low when Alice entered the room, and it was still turned down when Lady Ruth returned. The half light made by the fire accorded with Alice Gray's thoughts just then, and it suited her ladyship's purposes admirably. 4 This is a strange experience for you, and a sad one, Miss Wilson,' said Lady Ruth as she seated herself, 4 1 understand that you have seen your father for the first time to-night. Strange and sad that the first time should be toe la6t time also.' 4 Walter told you then that Wilson Gray was my father?' 4 Yes, he told me all there was to tell, I think. I was very much surprised, of course, and, per haps, a little hurt at first to think that Wilson could have done such a thing. But his death has swept all my petty anger away. Believe me, Miss Wilson, I could not respect you more were you the daughter of a duchess. You are not to be held responsible for the weakness and folly of your parent". We are all mortal, and the best may err. No doubt your father will have dealt fairly by us all in his will. You are his child quite as much as mine is, and have equal moral \- if not legal claims upon him.' 4 He has made no will. He said so only a short time before he died. He said he would make one to-morrow, never thinking the end was so near. But,' Alice continued, looking at the other, 4 1 hardly understand what you mean when you speak of me not "being held responsib'e for toe weakness and folly of my parents ; and, again, when you spoke of equal moral, if not legal, claims upon my father.' :4 Evilly, "Miss Wilson, I do not care to speak more plainly. It is such a delicate matter that one bail hardly thopeto touch it without giving offence.; Surely jou know.- what I. mean?' =4 1. do not. ; I fancy you are labouring under some mistake. But tell me plainly what you mean.'. 4 You leave me no choice, so I must. Well, then, my husband and your mother were, un fortunately, never married, and, consequently, you are — well, illegitimate.' " 4 1 used to think so until y ester-morning. But I know now that my father and mother were married before my birth. Who told you they were not ?' 4 Mr. Walter Gray.' 4 Walter Gray told von ?' 4 Yes.' 4 1 know you must be mistaken, for it was Walter who proved their marriage. He has their marriage certificate with him now. My mother and father were married in toe year of 1850 at St. John's Church, in the parish of Rpxforfie, in Yorkshire.' 4 If so, whatever induced Mr. Gray to tell me a deliberate falsehood ?' 4 Walter could never have told you such a thing. You . must have misunderstood him entirely.' 4 That he told me I am sure, and what makes me more confident still is this : After pointing out that you were illegitimate, he said that you would not he able to claim a penny of your father's money unless he made a will in your favour. This incident makes me certain that I am correct.' .Her ladyship rose, and going to toe table poured out two glasses of wine. Alice was staring into toe fire, wondering if it were possible that Walter had told Lady Ruth that she was illegitimate. - After filling the glasses Lady Ruth, turned, and, seeing that she was unnoticed, dropped something into one of the glasses. Taking toe other in her hand she returned to her seat, and after supping from it placed it on the mantelpiece. 4 Won't you take a drop of wine ? See, I've poured you out some. It will refresh you.' 4 1 cannot believe that Walter would tell you this— I will not believe it until I hear him gay so myself,' said Alice, ignoring Lady Ruth's latter words about the wine. . 4 1 have been lying then, have I ? Many thanka for your courtesy.' : 4 You must have been mistaken,' Alice again replied, emphatically. 4 The mistake is on your side, I fancy. And you have made more than one mistake. A short time ago you stated that. Mr. Gray and you were engaged— to be married, I sup pose. Whether ybu spoke the truth or not I do not know, but I do know that he gave. me. to understand that her was quite free and had not the slightest notion of marrying you.' - Alicejumpedto her feet and faced Lady Ruth, saying warmly : 4 1 am convinced now that you lie. You are telling me all these falsehoods withj a purpose. You wish to estrange us from each other. But he told me all. about you, and I am on my guard. He is too good and true to be guilty of any mean. act. Lady. Ruth now rose to her feet, and going to Alice placed her hand gently on her shoulder. Her ladyship was no mean actress ; deep womanly sympathy iu her eyes ami face, and her gestures, and tones were extremely tender as she said : 4 How sorry l am for you, Miss Wilson. How deepyour faith in him is, and how little he de serves it. . If I were io jest on sueh a matter I should be a fiend,, not a woman.. I am sorry now that I told you. Forgive me for doing so.' Alice was stunned and beaten by Lady Ruth's words and action. She reeled back, and would have fallen but for toe table. She steadied her self with an effort ; then seeing the full glass of wine close to her fingers she seized it, carried it eagerly to her hot parched lips and drained the last, drop. The wine gave her new life for the moment. With quivering heart and imploring look she turned to Lady Ruth, crying in her fierce agony: 4 Have you spoken falsely or truly? For God's sake, tell me the truth !' 4 As true as there's a heaven above us,' said Lady Ruth slowly, quietly almost, but with in tense dramatic power in her voice and gesture, - I have spoken the truth.' Alice uttered not another word. With a low moan of pain she sank- on the carpet at Lady Ruth's feet. 4 My God, I've given her too much ! She is dead 1' to bb ooxtixued;' 