THEATRICAL) NOTES (BY ToucmsroNo.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No. 16... OLYMPIC THEATRE, QUEENS BIRTHDAY, MAY 24, 1850. Re-appearance of MI. and MRS. EDMUND HOLLOWAY. FIRST APPEARANCE of ME. B. YOUNG, LATE. OF THE VICTORIA THEATRE, HO BART. Second appearance of the celebrated CHAMBERS FAMILY. The performance will commence with the Melodrama, the DUMB SAVOYARD AND HIS MONKEY. The interlude will consist of Singing and Dancing. To be followed by a new and interesting ballet, entitled, DANCING MAD; oa THE GHOST OF THE VILLAGE. To conclude with a magnificent display of FIREW ORKS. The Cogill Brothers are experiencing a successful season at Hobart. " Harbour Lights" has been successfully revived at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. Miss Jennie Lee has produced the drama "Jack in the Box" at the Princess's. An American actor, Mr.M'Wade, is announced to appear at the Alexandra Theatre to. night in" Rip Van Winkle ;" and J. Sheri dan is still running " Fun on the Bristol" at the Opera House. " Jolly Nash " is a great favourite with Melbourne audiences. George Rignold has scored a great suc cess with his production of "Julius Cmar" at her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney. His rendition of Marc Antony is described by the leading critics of that city as excellent. " She Stoops to Conquer," as produced by the Brough and Boucicault Company at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, has proved both an artistic and financial success. Mr. Charles Warner opens in Launceston on the 80th instant. "Baby" Ogden's performances of " Jo," and "Oliver T?ist," are highly spoken of by the New Zealand critics. Mr. Charles Taylor and Miss Ella Car rington are still doing excellently with their dramatic company in Victoria. The death is reported of Mr. George Fawcett Rowe, the well-known actor. He was a son of a .clever water-colour artist at Sandhurst, and feeling astrong propensity for the stage, he took to it in early life, and commenced his career in Victoria, where his talent for mimicry enabled him to become a great favourite, more particularly in Melbourne. His imitations of Dr. Alex. Hunter, Mr. Charles Jardine Don, M.L.A., and Dr. Macadam, M.L.A., were the delight of large audiences at the old Princess Theatre, where he also created the part of Micawber, in a version of " David Copper field" which he compiled himself. After playing for some years in the colonies, where he also had some experience in theatrical management, he proceeded to England. There he fulfilled aprofoesional engagement, andproved successful in the character of Micawber, which he had by this time elaborated and refined. Thence he crossed over to the United States, where he made his mark, bothas an actor and a dramatic author. He married in America, and not long after his union his wife underwent mental derangement. A few months ago the late Mr. Rowe, who only adopted the paternal name after leaving Australia, wrote to a friend in Melbourne announcing his intention of. revisiting the country in which he made his first theatrical essay, but death has interposed and prevented the fulfilment of his purpose, and the news of his decease will occasion much regret to many old playgoers. His brothers Tom Fawcett and Sandy Fawcett, who also adopted the stage, and were favourites in New Zealand, have been dead for some years. Clever play though the late Sir Charles Young'as "Jim the Penman" is, few even of those who thought most highly of it on its production in 1886 would have expected to see it come out so wellas it. does on revival in 1889. On Juneo 15 the ingenious romance of drawing room crime was witnessed at the Shaftesbury Theatre with enjoyment as keen, as fresh, and as demon strative, as though far more than three years had elapsed since its prosperous run at the Haymarket. The vitality of the effective, if not wholly sympathetic, drama seems assured. Mr. Willard himself, of course, resumes the role of the gentlemanly swindler whose triumphant efforts of forgery have to do not only with the signing of cheques but the writing of lovers' letters. Among the passengers by the late mail steamer to San Francisco is Mr. James Allison, the well-known theatrical manager, formorly in connection with Mr. O. Rignold. His object in visiting the States is to make arrangements with " Buffalo Bill" for the bringing out of his Wild West show to Australia. Mr. Solomon, of Sydney, is associated with Mr. Allison in his enterprise, and a big American firm have an mnterest in it. It is Mr. Allisbn's intention to visit New Zealand with the show, 'but whether this colony will be "done" before proceeding to Australia or subsequently is not yet decided. Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan is acting as business manager for Mr. Charles Warner, who is at present doing the Victorian provinces. 