turf TOPICS amo anticipations. By AsiiouEUd. . Though tlio weather was favorable, the atten dance at Oakteigh Bark on Saturday was not so good ns might haro been expected, but the ab sence of a great number of well known racing men was accounted for by the fuuetttl of poor Joo 31 unison taking placo on tiio samo after noon. Mr. Oullcu has, I observe, been busy planting of late, and while tho tastily arranged flower beds will soon add to tho gaiety of the sccno at Oakleigh 1'ark, the pines and other young trees recently planted will in tho future make tho enclosure n pleasant rendezvous in warm weather. The saddling paddock and ad joining reserve aio large enough to provide tho necessary accommodation for any racecourse in tiro world, and Mr. Cullon Iras shown wisdom and good taste in thus preparing for their future ornamentation. It is a disgraceful shame that tho proprietor of this well appointed course, after spending his money in liberal preparation, and bearing a largo proportion of the cost of the siding, should be so heavily handicapped by the continued mismanagement aud bungling of the Railway department. Bothgoing and returning tho on Saturday so called "specials" crawled along, making frequent inoxplieahlo stoppages. Inexcusable delay occurred hoforo trains were dis patched for town after tho last race, and as nearly the whole of tho pcoplo prosout were con sequently on tho platform at once, tho sceuo was one of confusion and disorder, and this on a day when tho attendanoe was unusually smalk Of course, holders of first class tickots wero only too glad to find standing room in second elasa carriages— that has long sinoo been recognisod as a standing characteristic of tho advanced sys tem of Victorian railway management, and" Is, I suppose, specially arranged for on strictly commercial principles. Tho knowing ones have, however, " tumbled " to the departmental trap laid for them, and it is amusing to note on raco days the number of men, who would not dream of travelling second class from choice or economy, purchasing second class tickots. Who can blame them ? Why should private indivi duals pay exorbitant rates day after day to the department for accommodation which . the department invariably fails to provide? By the way, where aro our racing legislators? Wake up in your places Mossrs. Pearson, Wal lace, Davis, I,. L. Smith, Murray and Co., and endeavor to obtain for us some idea of how much longor tho Victorian railway system is to bean object of scorn and contempt to all who have had an opportunity' to judge of its inadequacy compared with the provision triade- for - the travelling ; public in England and America, and even in Now South Wales, where travellers by special raoo trains enjoy privileges and comforts to which tire Victorian at homo is an utter stranger.- Racing" commenced with the Sapling Stakes, for which Tho Bud was a strong choice in a field of six, though the' confident support extended by Mr. Miller to his Neivminster filly, Wydgol, placed her eventually on nearly even terms with tho Caulfield .gelding. The jiair had it oil to themselves,- but - The Bud is an undeniable - .clinkor, as ho won by a good length witlr' con- summate case without Blair once moving- on' him. This: is the .gelding by Richmond—" Camellia in I./l'. Carslakebs stable at Caulfield - jto which I recently made some reference. He Is the property of Mr. Morris Jacobs, a leading member of the ring, and it is unfortunate that He is not engaged in cither the Maribyrnong: Plate or Norinanby Stakes, . for there is no' doubt about his being a flyer. A capital field- of 14 started for the 'Hurdle Race, including, such well- known performers as Aristides, Ballarat, 'Richmond, Inverurie, Oculist, Willie: and Landscer, and until 'shortly before the flag fell Richmond , was a hot, favorite. Aristides, however, came withnraUle.nndquickly advancing to tho premier position, Richmond was knocked back .Though 5,- to "1 was always obtainable about eithor Ballarat or Willie, the former was supported fowiri a fair stake a commission being executed on behalf of . a well 'known successful backer who was hot present. Aristides blundered over the first hurdle and was nevor dangerous, King Louis- toll at the back of tho course and the run homo from tho turn was left to Willie, Balhrat, Inverurie and King Billy. Tho first named led into tho straight, but it could easily be seen that Kiug held him safe, and tho latter riding a patient race on Ballarat came away at the last hurdle (which brought King Billy to grief), and won easily from Inverurie, Willie who had been made too much of on the heavy going being beaten four lengths for second place. Considering tho sloppy state of the ground it was an excellent performance on the part of Ballarat to beat such a goqd field with list. 6 lb. up, but iu nursing his horse through the heavy going King showed bettor judgment than the rider of Willie, who would otherwise have cortniiily been his most dangerous opponent. Clarendon opened a warm favorito for tho Selling Race, but at tho fait of the flag there W03 nothing to choose between him and Clement. St. Albert against whom 5 to 1 was freely offered, however, jumped away- arid won without, being headed, though Clarendon pressed him closely from tho distance home. Iroquois finished third, but . Clement ran very badly. There was a good deal of finessing before a riiove was mado in connection with tho Oakleigh Park handicap, offers of 4 to 1 on the field meeting with .no. rosponso, . but eventually Leroy became sueli a pronounced favorite at 2 to 1 that 6 to 1 could be had ab, out anything else, the most generally fancied' of the others being, perhaps; Gresn Isle. As 1'. predicted, however, tho winner turned up" in Ills, whom young Fountain (having only 6 st. 81b.) wisely took to the front and . thoro sho remained throughout without air effort, Typhori also favored by a light weight, finishing 3 lengths - behind her anil- John Bright, next. '.The heavy weight division, including Epicurean, Stafford and St. John, could do nothing in" the mud, whilst the favorite, Leroy,. .commencing. badly. as usual, ncvep had a. ghost of a ahnnao aiul finished last," side. by sido with, tho .disappointing Sumatra. It was" not surprising that baokors should freely lay 7 to 4 oh Fair Saxon for the Selling Hurdle Race, seeing that lie had the assistance of Joe Gardiner,, arid that , his only opponents were Invincible, Clement. and Cervantes, to whom he was conceding a -stone each. Up to the distance the punters were on good terms .with themselves,' but the favorito collapsed," and Invincible, making a good run, beat Clement by half a length, ; though Cupitt, on tho latter, should have rovorsod . the result, Fair Saxon did not even got a pliibe, finishing fourth behind Cervantes. Tho winner being bought in for £60, and St.- Albert Slaving been sold for £40, "the funds" woro augmented to tho extent of £75. Nowstcad a sistor, Britomaito, was welt backed from 5 to 2 down to ovou money for the Australian Handicap, and after a number of breaks away, in whioli sho was always con spicuous, sho and Alexandra, tho only other backed for any money, jumped off together and lrad tho full to themselves. kit tic Blair flattered the rider of Alexandra until they were fairly in the straight, when he came away on Britomarte and won easily, Derision finishing next to Alexandra. The fields being numerous in most of the events, a majority of tho riders presented a forlorn appearance on returning to scale, being smothered iu intul from head to foot. Mr. Cultcn had a brush with the bookmakers on Saturday under somewhat similar circum stances to those which characterised Mr. Cox's diffcrcnco with the mctallicians on tho occasion of the famous poucillcrs' striko at Moonce Valley. Iu each case it was sought to lmposo a liccnco fco on the ringracn, but as Mr. Cullen had fixed his tariff at a modost half-sovorcigu all the legitimate men except two agreed to pay it. Two very well known mombers of tho ring, Messrs. R. Phillips and P. Carey, however, absolutely declined cither to pay or to abstain from betting, and rather than " part " suffered themselves to bo- removed from the enclosure. There was some absurd talk about testing the proprietor s rigiit to charge, aud by some who knew no better tho question of legalising an illegality was most inappropriately raised. Thoro is, ot course, no question of legalisation in the matter. The course is private property, and the proprietor lias as much right to insist that those who may bo on it shall conform to his terms or clear out, as he lias to turn an intruder out of his private house. The grievance of the ring- men- generally seemed to ine to bo that Mr. Cullen had not sent formal notice to the secre taries of the Victorian Club and Bowes's Tat- tcrsall's of his intention to make a charge, but Mr. Cullen explained that it was so well known that lie had positively been interviewed on the subject on tho previous day by a number of well known bookmakers. ' Allowing for some sore ness on the part of those wlio had not heard, of the intended charge, and therefore, perhaps, con sidered that they had been "had," I think the two layers who submitted to expul sion would have been wiser had they paid the modest fec es all the others did. Mr. Cullen protected tho interests of tho legitimate men by announcing that nono but bookmakers registered- by the V.R;C., or members of the Victorian Club, Bowes's, or Sydney Tattersall's, should be allowed to bet, and having thus wil- . lingly sacrificed the 10s. gate money which the welshing fraternity would have had to pay, the amount he demanded in return does not appear to be,' unreasonable. Surely it is better for a legitimate layer of odds to pay, a nominal fee at proprietary places like Oakleigh Park or Moonee Valley or Epsom to liave their business protected, than to bo. outbid every timo they open their" mouths by unprincipled scoundrels who aro going on tlic off chance, as they do now, unchecked under the present lamentable state of affairs at Caulfield, Elstcrawick aud - elsewhere where the regulations are bound by Governmental red tape, . Judging from tho looks and performances of the 2-year-olds that have appeared upon the sceno up to date, I am inclined to anticipate a great contest for this year's Maribyrnong Plate. The nominations received wero -lcs3 in number tkau they had been for ten years past, with the solitary exception of 1887, but the -quality is undeniable, and iri the matter of bone and con formation favorable comparision may, I think, bo mado wifli tile youngsters of any former sea son j that is, so far. as can be ascertained from theoxperienco" of the first month of. the season. The successful performances of Correze in the Rosehill Hobartvillo Plate aud tho Sydney Tattersall's Two-Year-Okl Stakes on consecu tive Saturdays suggest the likelihood of his being a strong tip for tho- great race for youngsters at Flomington on the 2nd of Novem ber, notwithstanding tho'fact that his victory in each of the races named entailed 7. lb. , jienalty, which, however, are not cumulative ; that is to say, his penalty is still only 7 lb., neither of the stakes won being worth 200 sovs. to the winner. That Correze is n raro galloper has already been proved beyond 'doubt, and as liis weight (includ ing penalty), is. still 2' lb. less than Hortenso romped home with in 1886 his chance of an nexing tho Maribyrnoug Plato cannot be ignored. By that excellent performer and suc cessful sire Ncwrainstcr (who won the Plate for Mr. Chirnsidc, 14 years ago) from Ouida, a daughter of old Yatteiulon and the Blair Athol mare, My Fancy, lie is well enough bred to win any stake in the world, and should he succeed in repeating tho aforesaid performance of his famous sire there will bo no prouder man than tho Worribee Squire, who bred both the colt and his progenitor, Nowminster. Riverina galloped in front of his field from start to finish in tho Sapling Stakes at' Caulfield in - a manner wlribh should justify James Scoliie in entertaining a . reasonable hope- of leading baok the winner of the great 2-year-old race, though it must not be forgotten that on that occasion several of the defeated- one3 fwero put clean out of the hunt by a bad start. The St. Albans colt," however, raced and looked like olio to whom tho extra distance should.be no draw back, and as his ancestral lines on both sides bristle with tho namc3 of celebrities thcre.is no reason why he should not prove to be a gem of the first water. Hermitage, Gaudy And Inglis- maldie have also thus early in the season shown their ability to gallop, and the confidence, witli which Allegro's supporters put down tho ,piece3 at Caulfield favor the .assumption, that iu this daughter of Neekersgat and -Queen of Naples Mr. " Drinlop " Donovan may possess a . second Moutalto. Her defeat, like .that of others who finished behind Riverina, has but little signifi cance for the reason already given. Glancing througli.the list as sot out in Mr. Miles's excel lently compiled book of nominations, one is naturally struok by such breeding as that of Mr. J. H. Hill's Quality, by Neekersgat — Tyropcan ; Mr. J. O. Inglis's full brother to the mighty Malua ; Sir. IV. Bailey's Annosley (full brother to Nowstcad) ; Sir. Wallace's half brother to Slentor, by St. Albans— Nightmare ; Sir. H. E. Lord's sistor to'Tradition, and a host of others ; whilst Sir. James White may bo de pended upon to serve up something warm from his quartet, which includes a brother to Monte Cluisto, and three daughters of Martini- Henry. To my thinking two of the most pro mising looking youngsters that have already made tlioir ilebilt aro located at Caulfield. Due is Beverley, by Nowminster — Sunbeam, a splendid brown colt iu J. Rcdfcarn's stable, who, after losing a lot of ground through running green, finished third iu the V.A.T.C. Sapling Stakes, and the other is Mr. J. Leek's The Author, by Richmond— Blue Bell, a gentleman all over, who will assuredly improve upon his initial performance. Old Richmond has con clusively proved his ability to get high class stock, and as there arc no less than nine of his progeny engaged in tlio Maribyrnong Plate, it is far from improbable that tho 2-year-old championship may ho again carried off by a youngster of South Australian birth. Ouo of the most likely to be a galloper should bo Mr. Blackler'a brother to tho brilliant but ill fated Venture, by Richmond — Success. Tattersall's Club (Sydney) held another suc cessful raco meeting on Saturday, unusually large fields testifying to tlio sati-f.ictorv character of the programme in tho oyos of owners. Drilldool, who was nicely weighted at 11 st. 7 lb., was backed down to 6 to 4 for the Hurdle Race, and, making all the running, won easily from Drummer, who was ridden by our old friend, Bob Batty. The winner narrowly escaped coming to grief through making a blunder at the last hurdle, but Keighran re covered him cleverly. A field of 29 contested the Pram way Handicap of six furlongs, Glen Elgin and Paddy being favorites. Neither, however, ran into a place and the winner turned up in Mr. Gannon's smart colt, Merriment, who carried 7st. 61b. and carvedoutthe three- quarters o a mile in 1 mm. 15 see., a capital performanco or a young 3-year- old, especially as lie won hands down by four lengths from Sequel, who was followed home by Grayling. Mr. Tom. V atson appears to havo despatched the big field to a veiy bad start, for while tho winner" and Sequel got splendidly away, the two: favorites lost several lengths, whioh they wero. nevor able to recover. Rebellion was made a" Strong favorite for the Selling Race, but: could only got third, tlio winner, Komisch, being , followed home by The Felon after a capital con-1 test. Tattersall's. Two- Year-Old Stakes was won' in grand stylo by the Nowminster colt, Correze,: who showed, that his victory in the Holiartvillei Plato on thc.prcvious Saturday at Ro3cliill was no fluke. Tile latter performanco had evidently! establishcd the colt's' reputation firmly, as in a field of 19. odds ot 6 to 4 were laid on him and' 8 to 1 offered against anything else. Little Claro: held a strong. lead from the jump until within' 50 yards of the post, where Correze shot through," and smothering his opponents, won by a couplo of lengths, running the half mile in 49| miu.,' with Little Clare second and Halo third.' After, " passing tho winning post the' winucr ran into the fence arid fell, but horse and rider: escaped unhurt. ; .Correze, who was bred by Mr. A. Chirnside, : is' by ' Newminstcr from the Yattondoh maro Ouida.." -He is engaged in tho Maribyrnong .Plate,: and lids apparently A strong willof his own, as after wiimingtheHobart- villo Plato a fortnight ago ho negotiated two rounds" of the course on his own account' before: young Fielder (who rode him again oil Saturday) could stop him". : Mr. "Whites Derby colt, Singapore! was backed down to 2 to 1 in' a field of 24 for the Spring- Handicap but finished fifth, Bustler iv 20 to 1 ohance, iTompirig liome in front of Aminai aud Pet Girl. - . . . ; A case presenting some peculiar features is at present engaging tho attention : of tho Moonco Volley stewards. I. allude, of. course, to the protest against the pony Effic, -.which came for- ward.for consideration on Monday last. Effic, it will.be remembered, won tho Woliomai Hau- dioap at Moonee Valley on tho 15th of: May Frisky being second and Grasshopper third; Both first and second hail from Now Zealand and were at one time stable associates in J, Cripps' establishment at Essendon. . Recently information arrived from Muoriiand which gave rise to a suspicion that Eilie, who was described as a 3-year-old when sho won at Moonee Valley, was wrongly entered in respect to her age, and sufficient evidence has been obtained on this point to warrant the owner of Frisky entering a protest against her. The case was brought before the Moonce Valley stewards on - Monday last, when Mr. Morris ' Jacobs, the owner , of Effic, applied for -a postponement, which was granted, and the - ease stands adjourned until next Monday. There is some unceitainty about the present whereabouts of Efiiej and: it is doubtful whether she canlie produced in order to permit of a veterinary examination of hoc tooth by way of assisting to nrrivo at. her correct age. : A peculiar phase of tho ease rests in tlio fact that-Mr.- Jacobs executed the commission on behalf of Frisky's owner, putting on £203 at an averago of 4£ to 1. Iii tho event of Efllo being disqualified some strange betting : compli cations ore likely to arise. , A number of persons interested in pony racing met at: the Albion. Hotel on Monday," aiul resolved to requisition the V.R.C. to allow £200 instead of £400 to be given in stakes at pony and galloway meetings, held within 20 miles of- Melbourne ; to permit two races of under five furlongs to be run per slay at. such meetings and to allow extra days : for-, pony; meetings: ; The secretary of tho IXuuioiltmg - Racing Olub appeared to be tho ; moving' spirit in; the affair but tho company present, was by. no means representative. The recent a'ctiori of tho V.R.C: in connection with this'pouy scrambling business lias' been universally approved,; -in i fact, the governing club lias never doiie anything" more generally popular, and as the rnuoh needed va- form was.almost. unanimously 'endorsed, by tho largest general meeting of thoiV.R.C. members that lias ever been held,, tho committee: cannot possibly beexpeoted to give the requests referred to a: moment's favorable: consideration.' : More; ovcr.it would.be a great :pity "if .they, wore ill' duccd to do so. . .. . : : \ Mr. Clibborn- has good-reason to bo pleased with the general ontries received on; Monday for tlio AJ.G. Spring Mooting, tlio total being 111 in excess of last year. Glancing through tho list I liotico that the Now South "Wales owners havo a big chance of -hooping the stakes at home, the opposition from outsido that colony being very limited. Tho Victorian represents; tires, Evnani, Tourbillon, Sedition; Dividend, Torpedo and a couple of Mr. Gardiucrs' are, howovor, pretty freely nominated, whilst Chandler and Tcddington arc entered for both the hurdle races aud the Steeplechase. Splendid entries were made for all the handicap events ; and tho weight for age races, though the fields may ho small, will be specially interest ing, if only from the fact that Abercorn aiul The Australian Peer will resume the contests which formerly waged, so evenly between tho distinguished pair. With Cranbrook, Mauton and suck 3-year-olds as Dreadnought, Sinecure, Rudolph and Me'rrimeut in opposition, however, tho two moro matured oliampiori3 will not havo it all to themselves this time. Thongh it is to borogrettcd that tho A. J.C.. spring gathering lias almost entirely lost its intercolonial charac tor of former years, it is evident that- local ins tercst is still well maintained. . - ;. Mr. IV. S. Cox appears to be harshly treated in living deprived of the date on which it is cus tomary for him to ho! I his annual Cup ine'ottuR at Moonee Valley. For seize years past the Saturday intervening between the spring meet- j ings at Caulfield and Flcrningt-on has been devoted to an infiucntial gathering at Moenee j Valley, but h: allotiug this season's dates the V.R.C. has overlooked the claims of Mr. Cox ! in favor of the XViliiarnstown dab, an action j which has elicited adverse comment, public j sympathy being altogether on the side of the proprietor of Moonee Valley, who seams to have ' been very harshly treated in being deprived of his princijal fixture. The AVilliamstown club has been especially favored in the recent allot ment of dates, for in addition to being given the Saturday in question (26th Ocotober) and Easter Monday, the seaside executive are per mitted to hold no fewer than five other Satur day meetings. Entries dose on Monday nextfortheV.A-T.C. meeting to be held at Caulfidd on Saturday, the 14th September. The programme, to which I called attention last week, is made up of the following events : — Two-Y tar-Oid Handicap, of 100 sovs., three and a half furlongs; Hurdle Eace, of 12b sors., one mile and a half ; Arma dale Handicap, of 150 sovs., one mile and a quarter; Selling Bare, of 100 sovs., five fur longs ; Steeplechase, of 150 sovs., about two miles; and Bosstown Handicap, of 100 sovs., six furlongs. The nomination fee for each race is L sov. The Mentone Baring Club hold a meeting on " their pleasantly situated course by the sea on Saturday next, ihe 7th September, entries for which dose with the secretary, Mr. J. S. Potts, at the club's office, 87 Bourke-street west, on Monday next. The recently appointed Menione committee are working hard to make the dub a success, and as many improvements have been made for the comfort of visitors and in the interests of owners, I hope the energetic Epiriis who have accepted ihe responsibilities of man agement may be rewarded by good entries and a satisfactory meeting. Certain it is that with fine weather visitors to Mentone may make certain of a pleasant outing, as the inhalation of the invigorating Seabreeze is of itself well worth the trouble of visiting the trysting place. Ihe events requiring attention aie the Selling Hurdle Bace, of 75 sovs., about one mile and a half ; Flying Handicap, of 50 sovs., five furlongs and a half ; September Handicap, oi 50 sovs., for ponies 13.2 and under, five furlongs and a quarter ; Selling Bace, of 100 sovs., five fnrlong3; Steeplechase, of 100 sov 5., about two miles ; and Mentone Handicap, of 100 sovs., one mile and a half and a furlong. All nominations are 1 sov., and weights are to be declared on "Wednesday, 4th September. Betting on the Melbourne and Caulfield Cups during the week has been at a complete stand still, but the double-eventers started books on the Hawkesbury Handicap and Metropolitan, and have done fair business at 100 to 1 the double. Tourbillon and Bernardo had formerly been most in demand for the Hawkesbury Handicap, but on Monday Lamond was so freely backed in Sydney and Melbourne that he speedily became a strong lavorite at 4 to 1, and was conpled with Abe more, Keith, Tourbiilon Cianbrook and others for the Metropolitan. Singapore's poor display at Kandwick on Satur day has weakened him for the Victoria Derby, for which 5 to 1 is the best offer against Dread nought. Silverton remains very firm for the Melbourne Cup, and though no business is re corded at 100 to 8 (the best offer) 100 to 7 would be taken. The remains of Joe Morrison were interred in the Melbourne General Cemetery on Saturday afternoon in the presence of a large and tho roughly representative assemblage of racing men, including many well known owners, stewards, trainers, jockeys and members of the ring. The tortigc consisted of about 50 vehicles, and the scene at the grave was as impressive as it wa6 melancholy. The number of wreaths with which the coffin was covered bore evidence of the desire of friends to pay a last tribute of respect to the memoiy of the deceased, who for 30 years had played his part in connection with the Australian turf ably and honorably. D. Bing, who recently broke his collar bone on the Caulfield training ground, has recovered ao rapidly that he is already riding again. Those who have coupled Singapore's name so freely in the Derby and Melbourne Cnp doubles received something of a shock when they heard of his defeat in the Spring Handicap at Bandwick last Saturday, and it is evident there will now be a desire to look elsewhere for a Derby favorite. Singapore's initial dis appointment of the season will by no means weaken public faith in Mr. "White's ability to annex another V.R.C. Derby, inasmuch as he has a highly tried quartet to fall back upon in Dread nought, Sinecure, Budolph and Spice. It is a noticeable fact that Singapore has not been nominated for any of the weight for age events of the A- J.C. Spring meeiing. The question as to who has ihe right to race ihe mare Lady Hosebcry still appears to be somewhat mixed. It appears that Mr. Kenyon, who had leased her from Mr. Horton, considers himself entitled to renewal of the lease and- there was some talk of her not bring allowed to start at Oakleigh Park on Saturday. She, how ever, competed in the Australian Handicap and finished fifth in a field of nine, being entered as jbe property of Mr. Touleu. The abduction of Alris mare from her box at Newmarket, her re- Cioval to the country and rumors of subsequent litigation between owner and lessee, have cer tainly gained for her an amount of public atten tion which is surprising, and one is apt to ask whether her ladyship has ever done anything to tnake her worthy of all this fuss. At the Queensland Turf Club meeting on Saturday the Exhibition Handicap, of one mile, .was won by Ormonde, with Bosella second and Lionel third. " Brickjr " Colley, who rode the winner, was suspended until the 1st November for foul riding, a protest having being entered against him for jostling, but the stewards con sidered that the circupjstancea were not suffi cient to justify tljem in disqualifying the liorse. I congratulate the Bchdigo Jockey Club on the appointment of Mr. John Hemming as sec retary. Quartzopolis has no more popular citizen than the gentleman referred to, and I am sure that his appointment will give all-round satisfaction, and that Tisitors will find him as courteous even as his predecessor, Mr. Stamp, than which nothing more could be hoped for on the part of tie leading executive officer o: a raring club. The AVagga Amateur Eacing Club hold a meeting on Tuesday next, the 3rd September, and the Yarrawonga Turf Club on Thursday, the bth prox. Entries close on Monday next, 2nd September, for a pony and galloway and trotting meeting, to be held at Canterbury Park (N. S. TV.) on the 23rd September. Mr. Cull en is in the field again with a pro gramme to be run through at Oakleigh Park, on Friday, the 6th September, consisting of the following events : — Trial Stakes, 40 sovs. (horses), five furlongs and a quarter; Hurdle Bace, for 14 hands ponies, 35 sovs., one mile and a half ; Selling Hurdle Eace (horses), 70 sovs., one mile and a half ; Maiden Plate, of 35 sovs., for 13.2 ponies, five furlongs and a quarter ; Selling Bace (horses), 100 sovs., five furlongs ; Hurdle Bace, 50 sovs. (horses), one mile and a half ; Oakleigh Handicap, 50 sovs. (horses), one mile ; and Brighton Handicap, 55 sovs., for 14 hands ponies, five furlongs and a half. Entries dose at the office of the Oakleigh Park Baring Ciub, Salisbury-buildings, 439 Bourke-street west, on Monday next, 2nd September. 1 am glad to hear from Mr. XV. Osborne that his son, the popnlar light weight, who broke his leg when riding Grandee at Caulfield on the 17th inst., is progressing as well as could be ex pected. " Trumpator," in the Adelaide Observer, has the following in referench to .Sir Thomas Elder's recent purchases in England By the last mail Mr. Elworthy received a letter from Mr. Ean-Smith giving particulars a3 to the animals which will arrive by the Murrumoidgee for Morphcttville towards the end of next month. The sire purchased is Nautilus, by Her mit out of Barchetiina. Speaking of this horse the letter says — "He is the brother to several good horses, more particularly to Harden. He trained on until he was an aged horse, and won 25 races." The mares purchased are Paigle, by Springfield out of Lilian ; Fairy Force, by See Saw out of Fair Vestal — this mare is stinted to Silver, by Sterling; Mils Mostyn, by Uncas from Lady Mostyn (a good performer), is stinted to Clairvavx (a full brother to Thebais, Ac.); Sunningdalc, by Hampton from Sallypast, is a maiden mare. The fifth filly is Arrowfiight, by Betreat from Bowstring, fcy Toxopholite; bat when he wrote Mr. Smith hoped to secure Theresa, a mare by The Palmer from Ishtar, by Saccharometer. This mare is by the same sire as Josephine, who produced Hortense and Chetwynd to Gang Forward. Mr. Smith says St. Simon is all the rage in England just now, and next to the Duke of Portland's sire, Galopin (St. Simon's sire) and Hamilton are in most request. St. Simon has made a wonder ful start at the Etud with his 2-year-old fillies, Signorina and Semolina. From the same quarter comes the announce ment of the death of that well known per former, The Israelite, formerly trained by Mr. C. L. M "Donald. The son of Bluegown and Tinfinder is said to have left some promising stock behind him. The Mentone Eacing Club has decided to charge bookmakers 10 guineas for ihe privilege of betting on the course during the ensuing sea son. Only members of recognised clubs will be permitted to ply their vocation. Each hook- maker will be given the right of admission for himself and two ladies during the season. The tender of Mr. H. Skinner for the right of supplying refreshments on the Mentone racecourse for 12 months has been accepted. Messrs. V iliiam C. Yuille and Co. report having sold the thoroughbred stallion Euclid, by Panic from The Proposition (imp.), to Mr. H. D. Griffith, Laceby, and the race mare Sumatra, on account of Mr. J. H. "White, to Mr. W. Filgate. A singular Eporting case was dealt with by Mr. Justice Kerferd in the Practice Court on the 23rd inst. Frederick D. Kenyon, tobacconist, of Lygon-street, Carlton, stated on affidavit that he had commenced an action for the return of a mare named Lady Eosebery, or her value, and damages for her detention. An agreement wa3 made by the owner of the animal, Henry Horton, a blacksmith at Mary borough, on the 29th March last, to lease the mare to Kenyon for a term of three months, with the option of a further lease of six months. Horton and Kenyon were to equally divide any stakes the mare might win during the currency of the lease, and the lessee was to pay all ex penses, including training and entrance fees. The lease was extended and Kenyon retained possession of the marc and carried out the con ditions of the contract until the 6th August. On that date the mare was surreptitiously removed during the night from Chifney's stables, where Kenyon had placed her. She was under lock and key, but the stable was broken into. The marc was detained by the police at Castle- mainc, and was allowed by them to he removed to Newstc&d;, where she was now in Horton's keeping. Kenyon believed the animal had been removed with defendant's connivance. He saw by the newspapers on the 20th inst. that the mare had been nominated by the defendant for the Australian Handicap, to be run at Oakleigh Park. If defendant was not restrained from running her she might win this race, and thus have to carry such additional weight for other races as might prevent her winning them. The mare would therefore be depreciated in value to Kenyon, whose lease does not expire until December next. His Honor granted an injunction to prevent the horse taking part in any future races until further order. Death has removed from the scene another of the oldest identities of the Victorian turf, Mr. Austin Saqui, the well known bookmaker, having died on "Wednesday night from the effects of an ovordoso of laudanum taken acci dentally. It appears that he was in the habit of taking sleeping draughts, having been for years a martyr to gout, and on the night men- tioned, by some misadventure, he took an over dose, under the influence of which he passed quietly away. One of Mr. Saqui s daughters, alarmed at what she at first supposed to be her father's protracted sleep, obtained assistance and endeavored to revive him, bat in rain. Mr. Saqui was tbe father of Mr. John L Saqui, the well known cigar manufacturer, and was one of the most familiar figures on the Victorian turf. For over a quarter or a century he had been recognised as one oi the most- prominent and respected members of the ring, and some years ago he was equally well known as an owner of horses. There has been a singular and melan choly feature of coincidence in connection with the recent deaths of notable turfites, oi which Mr. Saqui's demise furnishes another instance, I have already alluded to tire peculiar fact of Mr. Sam Martin's death being so soon followed by that of his intimate turf associate, Joe Morrison, and the -racehorse Pippo, formerly the property of Mr. Marvin, bnt subsequently purchased by Morrison, having been killed on the day of the letter's death. Memories of a great turf triumph of old times are strangely revived by Mr. Saqui's death occurring immedi ately after that of Morrison, ior it will be remembered that "Warrior, when he won the Melbourne Cup in 1869, was owned by the former and ridden by she latter. Owner and rider have for nearly 29 yea re since been uniterruptedly connected with the Victorian tnif, and have, strangely enough, gone within a week of each other to join the great majo; rity. 