fOftri) AUll lltfllS. Q*E DAV. Like eome old friend from far who visits ua Still pamilous Of lonft-fotgottea ways and thin;;* of yore Eome babbler of old times, old jests, and sou? Dazed 'mid a throng Of younger careless etrunpere who disdain HUboj hood's reien, go from the shadows of the bygone years It reappcirs. From an unsealed corner of the brain The memory of a day as clear and gay As yesterday. And at its bidding adjmb rations rise. To dreamy eyes, Dim splendours of a wide uutraTersed world Once more unfurled, Thin, far-off mirth, ragae sorrow vanuaed sights. Long dead delights. Wonder and hope and joj. tbe exultant thrill Ineffable ; Tbe tainting echo and the afterglow Of long ago. Then as a lonely outcast who bath come To find Irs hrsnie Changed with changed fortunes, tiiambere sacred soil Tnat others fill, Wboce wild white face to panes uncurtained pressed A apace might rest Upon a fireside group, all warmth and glee. Best— and then flee '. So swift it came and then as swiftly went. Its brief life spent, Into tbe dense oblivion of the night It took its flight; Fled the pals ghost into the wildirnera Oonipanionlese; Fell the fimil bridge the jawninc gulfs that spanned At touch of band : — ConJifll Magazine. He—' I'm gang cut, dear, to see a friend.' She—' Well, I'll go with you. I'm thirsty, too.' ' Ride her on tbe snaffle, Tom. Don't ride heron the curb!' 'Hang your curb and snaffle. IVe enough to do to ride her on tbe saddle !' When dear old Mrs. R. was visiting her American cousins, 'there was nothing,' said she, vt that I eujoyod so much as the Terre bene soup and sparkling Micawk er wine !' Fashionable daughter — ' Mamma, do you really think it is wrong for me to flirt in a mild sort of a way ?' Fashionable Mother (terriHed)—*1 Clara, I am surprised at you. The idea of an unmarried person flirting ! ** Now, children,' said the visitor, creasing his face into tbe Sunday-school smile, sun baked and kiln-dried, ' why do you think me a Christian?11 Young Heedless (in a back Beat) — ** 'Cause we don't know you !' M» Thirdfloor — 'You mav dUv with roux doll, Mabei, until I come back, but yoo mustn't make any racket.' Mabel—'1 1 won't make no racket, ma, but I don't know what the doll may do. Mustn't blame me.' Dapper (lent, (former employer)—' Well, Bow«er, how are you getting on t What are you*' Bowser— ' Thanky, sir, very well, sir I'm on the Press now, sir.' Dapper Uent -' Oh, indeed ! Editor ?'' Bowser— ' No, sir. I direct the wrappers, sir.' Grace, aged five, had noticed that mamma said 'Will,' when addressing papa, and that the hired girl said ' Mr. C.' Thinking this formality had continued long enough she cried out one day — ' Katie, how long wi you have to know papa before you can call him Will ?M Uncle Rastus (who has caused the arrest of bU wife for assault)— *j I want yop ter gib it her, Jedge ; gib her de limick ob de law. Dis ain't de fust time she 'saulted me.' Judge — 'I'm afraid, Aunty, I'll have to fine you 10 dollars ' Aunty-' Well, yu' bonah, I ain't cot 10 cents.' Judge (to Uncle Kastus)— ' It'll he ten dollars. Uncle Rastus.' Uncle Rastns (handing over the money with a be wildered look, as who should say, this may be riffhtortbiB may be wrong)— * All right, Jedge-, dere'ade money.1' Uo wife as the leave Court together)— ' D»r, ule woman, i true' dis yer experience 'U Tarn yo' a leesoD what yo' won* fergit. ' 