A REAL LIVE GHOST. (By H. Congreve Evans.) I am 35 years of age. My profession is that of a lawyer. Now, a lawyer is not supposed to have an imaginative' mind, save in the interests of his clients, and then of course the wildest flights of imagination are excusable. My friends have said of me that I am practical and long-headed. My enemies add, " And thick-headed." But let that pass. At any rate I am not a nervous, excitable being, who trembles at the sound of a double knock, and thinks of the rate collector, or who turns an ashen grey when a sheet hanging on a line in his back yard suddenly flops in his face as he is noiselessly approaching the door with his latchkey. No, I am built of much sterner stuff. Three years ago. I would have laughed all the ghosts that ever walked to scorn. But now. Well, you shall hear my story. I had been working too hard, the doctor said. The brain had become exhausted and needed rest. And so after a bucketful of scientific jargon, for which he charged at the rate of a guinea a bucket, he ordered me off to the seaside. Where was I to go? I knew not, and I cared not, so that I could get "Coke on Black stone " or " Bales on Bills " out of my head. Luckily in my dilemma I met Jack Brown. Everybody knows Jack, and he knows everybody. He is neither more nor less than a careless, happy-go-lucky reporter on one of the Adelaide daily papers, with scarcely ever a sixpence in his pockets, but with assurance enough to command illimitable " tick." " Where shall you go ?" said he. " Why, go to Vanquished Bay. It wont cost you much money. You will get all the ozone you want and a deuced sight more, and you'll come back as fat as the fees you received for your last brief." -These was no resisting such eloquence, and so the day before Chrismas found .me whisking away in the train to Vanquished Bay.. Arrived there, j discovered to my dismay that all the hotels and lodging-houses were uncomfortably full. A chance acquaintance came to my rescue. Just four miles from the township lived a poor widow whom he thought would, for a considera tion, " take in and do for" me. I visited the cottage—a low, rambling struc ture almost at the summit of a cliff, whose base was worn and torn by the angry waves. A few moments' negotiation, and I was installed forth with as Mrs. Eljamb's lodger. She was a stout, motherly-looking woman, with iron-grey hair, which, in the old-fashioned style was plastered over her temples. But she was terribly garrulous. If there is one character in womanhood that I particularly detest it is garrulity. And yet the good old soul meant no harm. In half an hour as I sipped her tea I had learnt a considerable portion of her life's history. She had lived in tin's cottage for forty years. Her husband, who had been a whaler, was drowned one night as be was coming ashore from his vessel to get his wife's welcome home. Her eldest son had also died at sea, and her youngest Jack, who had likewise been a sailor, was on the good ship Betsy Jane two years ago when it was reported missing. It was impossible not to sympathise with the old lady, and ill as I felt, and depressing though the conversation was, I offered her my com miserations. u Oh, bless you, sir," she said, " I've long got over fretting. I shall see them all again in the j Lord's own time. They're angels now, and j happy. Who knows but what their spirits are j rot in this very room nowr watching over me." ! I am not, as I have previously observed, a nervous man, but at this suggestion I confess that I trembled all over, and looked creepily around. " Don't be alarmed, sir,' laughed Mrs. Eljamb, " You couldn't see them if they were here." I shuddered, but Mrs. Eljamb proceeded— "Folks do say, indeed, that this cottage is haunted, and that on stormy nights the ghosts of whalers came up and dance on the cliff. But it makes no difference to me 1 sleep none the less soundly for it. A clear conscience is proof against ail spit its good or evil."" If this were so I thought I could not have a clear conscience, for I found myself gazing apprehensively into the dark corners of the room, dusk having now approached. I tried in vain to turn the conversation. "Haunted!" continued Mrs. Eljamb, "why shouldn't it be? They were a rough lot the whalers, in years agone. Drinking one moment and fighting the next. Not fifty yards from here Black Tim murdered poor Charlie Thompson, quite a lad, and just down on that little bit of beach yonder the captain of the Waterwitch beat in the brains of his second mate—why, sir, you're not going to faint? Dear me, dear me." I was very nearly fainting though. My weak state of health, combined with the shaking of a railway journey, and a walk of four miles, had rendered me an unsuitable listener to gruesome stories. I.uckilv my Gladstone bag contained a flask of whisky, and a stiffish nobbier brought me to, though I still stared nervously at my sur roundings. When an old-fashioned lamp had been lighted I felt more cheerful, though some of the articles which adorned the walls were scarcely calculated to inspire an invalid with confidence. There were, for instance, two old rusty cutlasses hung over the mantelpiece, a pair of bulldog pistols in close proximity, a set of shark's teeth, a human skull, and a considerable portion of the bodv of a whale. The room resembled an old curiosity shop. My bedroom opened directly off this sitting room. It was clean and plainly furnished, and was evidently in the general use of my landlady. "Are you better sir?*' that lady asked solicitously as I finished my whisky, and having received an affirmative nod in reply she said, " If you wont mind I must run down to the township to get a few things. Your coming has been rather a surprise, and—" But I cut her short by stating that I dared say I would do verv well while she was awav, * ' » 7 and truth to tell, I felt like it just then. " It's blowing a bit," remarked my landlady a few minutes later, "and I'm afraid we shall have a storm. Oh, me ?" she added in answer to an enquiry, " I shall do very well. Little Bobbie Burns, from the cottage down below, will go with me. Good bye, sir. I shan't be long." And she had gone. I was alone. At first I experienced a feeling of relief and I leaned back in my comfortable armchair and breathed freely. " W hat a tongue that woman has to be sure," I murmured lazily to myself, " Wonder whether she ever gives it a rest. Holloa ! what's that ?" It was a low, rumbling, uncanny, moaning sound. I went to the door and opened it. The heavens were pitch black, and the sound, whatever it was, had gone. " Bah," I said to myself, " it's only the thunder. There's a storm brewing. Pshaw! My nerves must be completely unstrung. Ow !" Here I must admit I started out of my chair, to which I had returned. There came a noise which was like nothing I had ever heard before. It was between a sob and a sigh—something of the sort of thing one hears at a deathbed. It was horrible. But it died away as suddenly as it had come, and I breathed again. " Pooh!" I said as I poured out some whisky, "It's only the wind whistling through this ramshackle old place. I'll shift my quarters. This is hardly the sort of place for a sick man." The wind was by this time increasing in force. It came in gusts, at first sighing plain tively as it swept round the cliff, and then dashing against the cottage with hurricane power as though it would hurl that apparently frail tenement into the storm-tossed billows below. And ever and anon arose the low angry rumble of the thunder, while, though the blind was down, I could se?e the brilliant: lightning flashes. Then there was heard the swish of the sea, as it dashed against the rocks* beneath. And between, there came an ominous calm during which I could hear the ticking ot the gaudilv-painted clock on the mantelshelf. At other times and under other circumstances the ticking of the timepiece has been rather a pleasure to me ; it has almost lulled me to sleep. But there was a diablerie about this one. It seemed to me to be monotonously croaking. " Haunt ed, haunt-ed, haunt ed/' I looked at the time. It was nine o'clock. Mrs. £1 jamb had been away two hours at Jeast. When would she return ? I began to long for even her chatter, for her voice had a cheeriness* compared to that dreadful pendulum with its " Haunt-ed, haunt-ed, haunt-ed." I made up my mind to go to bed. Perhaps,, tired as I was, 1 might be able to sleep. By fove, what a blinding lightning flash ! And what a peal of thunder ! What was that ? It seemed like a cry of distress, perchance the shriek of a drowning, man! Pish! It was only my fancy. To bed. Wheugh ! There comes the rain at last, heavyK sullen, relentless. I turned the lamp down, lighted a candle, and went into my bedroom. I always read in bed,, and so I foraged round the room for a book. The first one I encountered was " A Strange Story," by Lytton. I execrated my landlady's* taste. What did she mean by keeping such a. work in such a desolate out-of- the-way place ? I got into bed disgusted and put out my candle. Then, some strange fear taking posses sion of me, I rose and locked the door. I remember everything as though it was yesterday There was a chink in the door through which, came a glint of the lamplight. The rain was pouring steadily, pitilessly down. There came a parting clap of thunder* which seemed to rend the heavens, the outer door rattled (why had I not bolted it ?), and I became conscious that there was a presence in. the adjoining room. I could see nothing, but I felt that there was* someone there. I could have sworn that 1 heard the door slam. I sat bold upright in bed and trembled violently, as though suffering from an attack of ague. I listened intently, and the while could almost hear my heart beat. Hark ! What was that ? It was but that cursed clock. I tried to speak, but my tongue was dry. My eyes seemed straining out of their sockets, but. I could see nothing. AH was still save that just: above the steady beat of the rain 1 could make out the clock ticking " Haunt-ed, Haunt-ed, Haunt-ed." I could have shrieked aloud, but my tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. And all the time it seemed to me the presence, the thing, was drawing nearer and nearer. Ha ! Something moved. I will swear that I heard a rustling in that room, followed by a deep,, hollow groan. Horror ! Perhaps even now it was at my door peering through the chink with its cold glassy eyes—the eyes of the dead. " Mother." Who said that ? I listened again. My ears seemed to be bursting. My brain was at fever heat. Oh, God ! Take the thing away. It i* moving—slowly, oh, so slowly. Great God, it is coming to my door. Hush ! I clasped both hands over my heart, for it was pulsating, so rapidly that I thought it would break. It comes nearer, nearer, nearer—this dreadful impalpable thing. Ah ! I can see it through the chink. It is the face of the dead ! I fell back almost fainting, but with a sudden resolution half raised myself and looked again. The thing had gone. Where was it ? Was it in the room with me ? Yes. \ It came closer and closer. I could see its cold, dead face. I could smell the dampness of the grave clothes. Its hands were extended towards me. , Oh, God, save me ! Hark ! Footsteps ! Voices 2 A woman ! It is Mrs. Eljamb, and I am saved ! The outer door was opened, I heard a shrill cry of " Jack, my son," I shrieked aloud and then I became unconscious. When I recovered from my attack of brain -fever (for the local medical man was good -enough to credit me with sufficient brains to justify the location of fever in that part of my .anatomy) I was told all. My ghost was a very substantial sort of fellow .after all. It was Jack Eljamb, whom his mother had mourned as dead, come back to life .and her. I cannot say that I was displeased to hear it. There are more things in heaven .and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, but I prefer ghosts—at a respectable ^distance. 