-t Topial Sketches.: - MATRIMONIAL .INTENTIONS. ,Ina recent isseof-- apopular tdndon daily, I niticed tlat'aa lady had been- giing her expeiiencea ius eoniebtion Wkith a na trimonial agency,"sand the article recalled some bisi ness which I. had had in the same 'direction inlthis city;":.: .Manyiy yer ago, when I was young and charminmg-'I:am not yonig 'now-= was seized with a sudden loniging to'dive into theinyterie?s of that' itense onieness which passes under the alias of marriage, and for that purpose,interviewed a nlan who was running a readly-made matrimonial store, where new and secondhand partners were to be got'it the lowest current rates. The advertisement of this establishment con tained the information that "satisfaction is guaranteed;" "one trial is solicited ;" "be ware 'of coenterfeits';" "if you don't see what yo6 wa't, ask for it;" "none genuine -itlnout thi trad6emark," and so on. I foinid'the place-it ?ras up-stairs, in an appropriate position, over a pawnbroking shop-and found the bulbous-nosed.p oprie tor'seated on a gin-case, dreaming of home, aweet home,, and snoring like a fog-horn. The first thing .that attracted my attention was aplancid .bearing the warning, "A de posit is requested on allorders," and another which stated that "One dose will cure you." This was at least encouraging to a novice. In my gentle, unassuminig way, I kicked the gi-s:ase'froma underneath the slumeinring figures and as he awoke with a shudder, as though' ho had seen the ghost of his latest victim; I sid, ,' I, an told that you havre a select assort ment- of husband-seeking females, at prices within the reach of Ill:" :As ho rubbedl his "bleared eyes, and scratched his 'ruby nose, I had tune to ob serve that he was extremely modest in the matter of dress, but disastrously lavish as far as.eartf weint. He seemed to have had ar' island spilled over him at some time or other,' and had never taken any sort of trouble to shovel it off his form. After he had analysed my opening statement, and ex tracted the sense of it, he rcpifed, in a voice as cracked as a miember of Parliament, "Oh, yervant a. nvie, does yer ? Vell, yell, mine goot frient, I vill see vat I can do for.ycr." .. SFrom.hi accent'I judged hewasaforeign er; his smell confirmed this idea. "Have you any likely goods in stock!" I asked.. "I desire to meet with .some thing tasty; something, warranted to wear withoutturning; soiething that dill be in season all the year." ".Yer coildi't .have, come to a bedder shop, mine' boy," he replied. "I have just go some new goots out by. the last .mail. Does yer v?nt a .idoG or veuld yer like a. leedle miss vid blue eyes and the vinest hair sue in the country m" " F'cell, let me see some of your stock be- his fore I d?cide,I said.' "Show me a sammle ma or two of the best material. By the byeIs thc there anydiscount on taking a quantict "Veil, 'omdimen. som medimes; Vovlo wil nomtnedings like dii suit yer'" tlo iHo' handid'ime a book which contained: t 1^a,4- a dozen?photos' of the most homely : Veell, I won't be :hard on you, mineo frient.0 Yon can ? have that vldow for a doi lifer, or that dark-eyed Vrenchvoman for gal fiftybob." . c S" Widows come high, I notice," I said. t "I believe I won't take her to-day." col •c"AUll ride, I'll tell yer'vat I'll do vid yer. the rIiled ?jer' have, the Vrenchvoman for the 17 fifty bob aid chek 'that' leedle Yankee girl TI d" No,;"I said,;"I don't care about them. SI. couldn't wear them; ainyhow; they don't iR iatch -i'm complexion well enough. What hi t e.lse'hav you got !":" p" " Vell, here's somedin stylsh Ye casn S"She looks better," I said. " Canyoi Ssen.h leirudito 'i hoi t?o mocirowin y ,ied' t positon gr,; $la},Ydl pour "C , an.tiak ,..pl.oewithi me so a to see S44 yodon't p? off shoddyoni?'V : t' "All ride. Take this portraid,:and then hi a yer vill be certai?':.::.i ? .:? So away I went homewards, and on the h . next morning' " as waite i upon bny my li tended purchase. She wan a hit'-o treet di . s_'e, nt, into the room where n, as rhe sh ose insd n'said "3T oloacs soot sine round to see if I. p wolilsuit. That's if you are the gentleman i t whb wan sampling at the shop yeterdtay.' ti I assured her on that point, and sail,.i . n l,' Have youbeen long instock' c'. ; "Oh, no, I've just arrived, xl.' iWorsgal o from. London. fo A?.tacti, tl dlmlenty"si :'pui , .:; % I, ?:!+ ?.,,' ,• • i)uty pall, I suppose"'I asked"., o Oh,, yesa, everything O.K. ,.?You'll b to' perfectly satisfied with me, I am sore.;" t, a" You are not a renmanht, irreaieh, I c 0 .Oh,no. .Imethe wholepiece ;"allt, ol ~, est anda yart wido as'they say, in America.; h. "Likelyto'fadeh - . mt ,:"'Not atall. :..:Yon can get the invoice 1 hill with men, fyoulikoe' b. -.:. , "Well, I' ij a hit particular, you know, beeinse theyfmakiaE op goods nos so like the genuine mateiial that it is hard for a novice to detect the differehce." "Yes; so Ibelileve, but, as I "sai before; I think you will hbe sati¢ed with mI. 'Tell, to' complete my house I;. ' r st have something of the sort. 'Li ppos M[r. Isadoesn't favor the instalment plan of. payment?!" "I'hirdly .think .so, abut y might be' able to nmake arrangements with hiin. " Am I to be put ~side for you'" , "Well; yes. Tell. Mr. Isa,".s to. nake you up into a nice parcel to:be lefttilell??d for, and I'll send a carriei rohnd foryon- in, aday' or two. If I find that he has under stood my wants I may be able to recommend some of my friendsi to him. 'Is 'there any commission on'a transaction of that kid ?" ''.Yes, if you can persuade them to take widows. He finds some difficnlty in dis posing of that line, and generally has to do it with an aanial' sale, or a fire, but the public are?dropping to the' game now, I be live. Somebody was .suiggesting that .he should, start 'anything on this shelf,.one shilling "depart?ient, but I hardly'think it would do.. Will you irite your name on me so that there won't be any. mistakb aboint getting your right parcel i"hen you' call!" I dldso, and she returned to" the "Matri monial Agency." I did not call for that bundle, as you may suppose, so that any of you.who may'desire to enter into negotiations for same should apply 'to Mr; Isaacs, and' ask for the parcel with my address upon it. 