COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. [From onr own Correspondent,! Melbourne, February 15, A hitch occurred in the Central Criminal Court today with regard to the trial of Thomas Francis Butler, late chief clerk In the JResistrar-General's Depart ment, on a charge of stealing duty stamps to the value.of £2,500. A strong bar had been retained for the Crovra, but Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who was defending Bntler, objected to the panel on the grounds that insufficient notice of Ib had been given to the accused, and the trial was adjourned till Monday. A boy, 15 years of age, named Wm. Joynes, a clerk in the Melbourne Stock Exchange, pleaded guilty at the City Police Court to-day to extraordinary for geries. Be stole blank scrip of the com pany and filled them In, signing them with the name of the well-known broker, the Hon. James Butters, and afterwards selling 200 of the spurious shares through an agent named Morrell. The lad was committed for trial. At a caucus of Liberal members to be held on Wednesday, consideration will be given to the policy of the party, and the question will be decided whether the platform for the coming elections will be in favor of a continuation of the coalition form of Government or otherwise. Professor Webster, of the Purdue University, Indiana, who ia visiting the colonies as the agent of the United States Government to report on the state of agriculture In Australia, gave evidence on noxious Insects before the Vegetable Pro ducts Commission to-day, and urged the advisability of legislation to eradicate all Insect pests. Henry Abbot, a seaman on board the American ship Earl Granville, was tried at the Central Criminal Court to-day on a charge of attempting to murder Captain Coppand his wife by shooting at them while the vessel was lying at the Port Mel bourne pier. He was found guilty on a second count of shooting with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm, and was re manded for sentence Mr. Cazly, teller in the Colonial Bank at Ballarat, and well known in rowing circles, has been sentenced to two and a half years' imprisonment for embezzle ment. The Trades Hall Council to-night con sidered the reply of the Harbor Trust to the Premier's letter embodying the council's objection to the tender being let in England for the construction of a dredge. It was decided that the trusts letter was a slight upon the council, and a resolution of regret was carried that the Premier had not expressed his opinion on the subject when he addressed the Harbor Trust. . Just as the Orizaba was about to sail for Adelaide to-day John Maurice Cohen, a mercantile broker, was arrested on a charge of conspiracy in obtaining £200 from W. H. Smith, of Colllngwood, by false pretences. Later on Isaac Ssott, a land estate agent of Abbotsford, was arrested in the city in connection with the same charge. Cohen and Scott were mixed up in the floating of the Balaclava Estate -Land Company in October last, and it is alleged that they sold to the company a larger quantity of land than they owned. During the performance of the Christy Minstrel Company at present at the Opera House, tonight, one of the flies caught fire. The audience were very much alarmed, but a panic was prevented by the coiner man. who kept up the per formance until the flames were subdued. Melbourne, Febrnaryl ( Mr. Thomas Pugh, the superintendent, of the -Exhibition, was yeaterday pre sented with a handsome address and a purse of 250 sovereigns In recognition of the manner In which his duties had been carried out. Joseph AJcoek, freeholder, of South Yarra, filed his schedule yesterday. The approximate liabilities are set down at £60,977, and the sssets at £85,229, show ing a surplus of £24,251. The causes of insolvency are depreciation in the value of iealeBtate and pressure of creditors. AHcene occurred in the County Court yesterday. The defendant in the case, named Barnes, went Into the witness box In a drunken state, and becoming inso lent, waB sentenced by acting-Judge Gaunt to seven days' imprisonment for contempt of court. A sensational accident happened on the Goulbnrn Valley line yeaterday morning. A platelayer was travelling along the line on a trolly, and did not notice that a train was coming up at the rear arouad a turn. The train charged right into him, bnt the cowcatcher of the engine caught the trolly, and the man was thrown down the bank, fortunately escaping unhurt. The returns of the Central Board of Health show that since December 1 up to yesterday 1J.CG cases of typhoid had ocenrred with 136 deaths. The Creswlck branch of the Amalga mated Miners' Association has con demned the scheme proposed by Dr. Li&ca; for a worn out miners' sustenance fund. A ballot showed that 644 were against the scheme and 322 for it. Joseph Morris Cohen (financial agent) and Isaac Scott appeared at the City Police Court on Saturday charged with conspiring to defraud In connection with the floating of a land company during the 'boom.' The counsel for the prisoners said that the matter was one for a civil action, not for criminal proceedings. The case was remanded. Melbourne, February 18. Angus Mclnnes Wood, a coal dealer of Abbottsford, committed suicide on Sunday by taking strychnine. He . had been threatened with legal proceedings by eome book canvassers, and this preyed npon his mind. The pieces, 'St. George and the Dragon' in bronze, aud 'The Bull and Herdsman' in marble, lately on view in the Exhibition, have been p'urchased by the trustees of the Melbourne Public Libre ry. A conference of metropolitan munici palities was held to day to discuss the agitation for the formation of a metro politan board of works to take over the Yan Yean Waterworks and carry out the deep drainage of the city. It was decided to wait upon the Premier at an early date ard urge the introduction of a Bill next session. Thomas Francis Butler, late chief clerk in the Registrar-General's Office, was placed on trial again to- day on a charge of defrauding the Government by unlawfully and feloniously removing stamps from documents. The greater portion of to-day's proceedings were taken up by technical objections raised by Sir Bryan O'Loghlin, the counsel for the de fence. The case for the Crown was opened, in which it was alleged that Butler had received money for llaense fees, but instead of using new stamps had retained the money and used stamps off old documents. The case was only partly heard when the court rose. It is repotted that a large amount of ely grog selling haa been discovered at Mildnra, and several prosecutions are to be proceeded with on February 21. Wm. Georgsson, geiitlemaa, of Hew, filed his schedule to-day. The assets are eet down at £32,430, aud tlie liabilities at £32,899, showing a deficiency of £469. Hosle'a new hotel and cafe, opposite the Flinders-street station, narrowly es caped destruction by fire this afternoon. The names broke out In the top storey, which wbb completely gutted. Frederick Radford, 'medical herba list,' formerly of Adelaide and Gawler, South Australia, was to-day committed for trial on a charge of selling a noxious drug with intent to procure abortion. Mr. Walker, the Commissioner of Customs, has placed his resignation in the hands of the Premier. No new member of the Cabinet will be selected until after the general elections, and In the mean time Mr. Cuthberfc, the Minister of Justice, will act as Minister of Customs. Melbourne, February 19. At the Central Criminal Court to-day Joseph Howard, a patient in the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, was placed on trial for having brutally murdered a warder In the institution on New Year's Day. He pleaded guilty, and was com mitted for trial by the coroner's jury to allow of the court; to determine oa his sanity. After hearing the medical evi dence the jury found the prisoner insane, and he was remanded to the asylatn, Howard appeared to be quite rational in the dock, 'but he is evidently a sufferer from delusions. A large meeting of theatrical people was held to-day, when It was decided to give several benefit performances for Mr. John Hennlng's, the well- known scenic artist, whose sight has been destroyed. The first anniversary of the opening of the new wing of the Training Home In connection with the Salvation Army took place to-day at Richmond. Commis sioner Howard presided, and amongst those who took part in the proceedings were Mr. Jas. Balfour, M.L.C., and the Rev. Allen Webb. Mr. Campbell, the Postmaster-General in the first Coalition Government, has consented to oppose Mr. Bent, the leader of the Opposition, at Brighton. An action has been commenced by the municipality of Fitzroy against the National Bank of Australasia and the Mercantile Bank of Australia, claiming damages for the wrongful detention of 12 Fitzroy debentures, which were stolen by Onyons, the defaulting teller from the former, and sold to the latter Institution. Qnyons is now undergoing a five years' sentence. Damages are also claimed against the National Bank for their negligent custody of the documents. Melbourne, Febraary 20. Five battalions of cadets paraded at Albert Patk to-day, when Lady Loch pre sented them with new colors made by her self and daughters. - The Customs Department has sent an ' Inspector of explosives and a staff to the scene of the wreck of the schooner Nep tune, off Pearl Point, in order to secure the cases of dynamite which have been washed ashore, or may be floating about. The Marine Board to day held an enquiry into the wreck of the Neptune, and found that the Iobb was caused by tho negli ent navigation of Captain Rice and Mr. W. Hodgson, the mate. The former's cer tificate was suspended for two years, and the letter's for one year. The new Roman Catholic College at Ballarat, . called the Holy Ghost College, was opened yesterday by Archbishop Carr in the presence of the Bishop of Ballarat and a large gathering of clergy and laity. The branch of the Australian Natives' Association tonight decided to remit to the conference shortly to be held at Sandhurst the question of Australian natives raising funds for the ereetlon of a statue to the late Hon. Peter Lalor. Mrs. Smaliirood, aged 70 years, was burnt to death last night at her son's residence at Devenish, through her clotbea catching fire accidentally whilsshe was lighting a pipe. 