VANISHED EMINENCES. (DAILY NBWS.l - " Let us sit upon tho. ground and toll sad stories of tho death of kings," says one of Shakespeare's characters. The invitation is ap propriate to the day, though not so appropriate ' as in the tune' of Richard III. Though raonurchB have suffored violent doaths since then, it has not been tho rulo that thoy should bo deposed or "slain in war," or " haunted by tho ghosts thoy havo depoBpd," or " poisoned by thoir wives, Bomo sleeping kilted, all murdered." As for Royal suicide, it lias in recent times becomo compara tively rare. A' savage monarch whom we -worsted at Magdula . blew out his brains in tho agony of his misfortune. lit this respect King Theodore unconsciously displayed tho spirit ot Frederick the Great, who carried about witli' bim in tho Savon Yoars' "War a pill whioli would, if necessary, justify his boast that ho would never bo takon alive. His luck, howovor, was hotter than that of tho ill-fated King of Abyssinia, Nearly two yours ago tho King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion iu tho Luke of Sturhsborg. Of his insanity there was even less doubt ' than tlicro has been of tliat of other princes who have trilled witli - livOB-thut - were -not— thoir- o W. — Prinut) ' Rudolph's ' doath by liis own hand is as mysterious as it is necessarily Buddcn. It has been observed by Bucklo and othors that mili tary men ooinmit suicide oftonor than othor classes. Certainly there has beon 110 little suicido among Continental officers lately. Tliut in tho cold law of averages a Royal victim should bo counted in would probably not havo surprised the author of tho " History of Civili sation." The sensation of shock that has unquestion ably beon causod by tho Archduke's death is of oourso duo in great dogrca to tho eminent position ho liilau. His was necessarily a con spicuous figure, sinco, apart from any indi- viduality 01 its own, it was that of tho ap- parent heir to tho Austrian throno. When such mon so suddenly disappear, it is as if the fumiliur features of somo landscape had been obliterated by volcanic agoncy. They are vanished ominoncos. Our awe at thoir pre- eipitous disappearance is partly duo to that, aud partly to our helpless speculations as to what may be tlis consequences, or as to what othor alterations in tho earth's surface will sur prise us noxt. We have .had' many such sur- Srisos lately. Although the Emperor Frederick's oath from canocr so soon aftor his father died was in tho ond quito anticipated, tho first revo lution of tho prospect of that death was dis tinctly one of thoso surprises. More akin to the eTont at Moyorling was tlio Prince Imperial's doath, not in the nature of its violeuco, of oourso, but in tlio fuots that ho did die hy violence, and that tho news camo upon ovoiybody with appalling Buddemioss, anil that in hun wore centred tho liopos of a dynasty. That ovent again .recalls tho dontli, hy a fall from his carriage, of Louis Philippe's son, tho Duke of Orleans, in 1842. Though unliko thoso two princes, the Duke of Albany was noithor heir nor pretender, his death also produced by its suddenness the same peculiar sonWion or shock, intensified in this country by the near ness of his relationship to our Quoou, and by tlio rosjiect and confidence -lio lmd in spired in tho peoplo by his well-spent lifo. Hardly, loss sudden than in all tlieso oasos was the blank caused by the death of tho Prince Consort. It may - therefore ho mon- tioiiad among tho painful surprises which in our times doath has sprung upon us. The Princess Alice's doath ranks with ail of these in tragic interest, iind above most of them' in pathos. Napoleon the Third's disappearance from tho map) of Eurono practically occurred, at Sedan. That Burronoor took away the brodtli 'porhaps moro tlum any event which can be rocallod 111 modern reminisconco. His doath, as has boon somswlioro said, was' aftor this hut au anti climax. Tho sud fata in Moxico of Prinoo Rudolph's unolo, tho Emperor Maximilian, is . linkod in association wilh tho unfortunate Napolconio namo. Of -modorn assusslnatlohs none equals- in daring and horror, or in its paralysing offoct upon tho civillBcd world, tho murder or tho Czar, Alcxandor II. ' If tho sudden vanishing of ominoncc, duo to rapk, be impressive, as ,well proved by the public reception of the ovents in our times abovo recalled; it is certainly no less startling when mon eminent by their own morits are 'removed at a blow. The names of two Presidents of tho United States who liavo Buocumbod to the violence of tho assassin within tho memory of tho present gonoration will' at onco ' loap to tho reader's mind, as woll as that of our own Indian Yiooroy Lord Mayo, and of that bravo English gonornl tho horo of Luoknow, who, though ho . did not dio by the assassin's hand, was almost as suddonly lost to his country. Sir Robert Pool's death was liko thoso to which wo lmvo referred in tho sense of suddou void which it created ; ana in this country at least tho fate whioh in a similar way overtook Bishop Wilbor- forco mado a profound sensation. Thoso aro soma of tlio oouspiouous figures suddenly re moved in recent times. Others will occur to tho memory or inaivmuai readers. If wo include among our vanished eminences all who liavo luid tho oyos of tlio world turned for tlio momout upon tliom, tlio namo of Lord Frodoriclc Cavondish will not bo forgotten. His violont ond mado tho public hold thoir broath as much as any of tho sad ovents lioro recorded Nor cuu it ovor bo forgotten in tlio livo.i of tho presont gcuorutiou how tho world in thrilling suspense awaited tho issue of that wondorful Nile expedition, whioh camo within touoh of Khartoum only to hour of tho noblo doath of h 0 gallunt hero, Gordon. 