THE MERCURY. HOBART: MONDAY, OCT. 28, 1889. EPITOME OF NEWS. High-strest Wesleyan Church tea and public mooting this evening.. Launceston bic>cio sports postponed' on Saturday on accourlt of rain. ' / Mr. Duffy expects to complete his survey! on Mount Zeehan Railway lino within a month from date, , , , .. -, Cricket Club forming at Zeehan, and sports being arranged for1 Prince'of Wales' Birth- day. UI " Lady Hamilton holds a reception this even- ing at Government House, from S to 11 o'clock, i '. Inquest on Margaret Campbell, at Brighton, resultod in verdict of death from heart disease Meeting of Catholics held at Launceston yesterday expressed hearty approval of tho Trustees Amending Bill, now before Parlia- ment, and deprecated antagonistic action in Hobart, , ¡ , Heavy rain falling in Melbourne yesterday. Hospital Sunday spoiled , Melos disputes favourlteship with Carbine for Melbourne Cup. , , Correze red-hot favourite for Maribyrnong Plate. i i Up-country district« in Victoria invaded by myriad« of moth*. A general strike among coal miners is im- pending in Belgium. ! Exprès» train on Sandhurst line stopped on Saturday by moth» rendering line ?lippery. u victorian law case, Merry ». Queen, after lading 20 day», was concluded on Saturday. Judgment reserved. Nearly double the amount required sub- scribed for the New Zealand conversion loan. Branch of Union Bank of Manchester at Didsbury, stuck up on Friday last. Manager shot. Some money »tolen and thief suicided. Monster prize to be offered M an induce- ment to Searle, Gandaur, leemer, and other .cullers to meet O'Connor on Toronto Bay. The case of Mrs. Maybbick, whoso sentence is said to be disapproved of by at least two-thirds of the British people, who are, of course, thoroughly qualified to weigh the evidence, has given rise to a long discussion on the necessity or otherwise of establishing a Court of Criminal Appeal. The dis- cussion is curious because of the wide difference of opinion which it reveals among persons learned m the law, who take sides against, and for the Court very muchi after the same fashion as people took sides for aud against the sentence on the miserable woman whose trial gave rise to the discussion. For example, Lord Ebheb, Muter of the Bolls, writes to The\ ^jíí.v««iÍ¡s8ayv"»¿low mo.to-stat« that I hare the; strongest possible' opinion that there should be'sucK" a Cotirt.-"-On-the" next day Lord iBtJMWKii replie^ aodj.ho ;8ay8,--r-')L háve^thé strongest' opinion/ to "the contrary." Lord Bhawweli, refers to an article by Mr. Poland, QC, which he ' declares -to be abso- lutely conclusive 'against (the'Court, but ( ,we / have not seep the article nor the publication in which it appears, which is called Pump Gow t, named, wo suppose, after that well known portion of the Tempi». The Times has disoussed the question very carefully, and has decided'thai'such a Court is an absolute necessity, and it seems to us to have answered such objections as' had up to,that time been put forward. The main one Beems to have been, that a Court of Criminal Appeal ^would interfere .with the Crown's prerogative of mercy, but how or why we have not been able ¡to discover. Surely the one need not interfere with the other. The Crown might still be left to exercise its prerogative in any case in which the law did not seem to have done full justice, and when, as happens st times, justice may ' be fitly tempered with mercy., Another objection is, that if there was an appeal, juries would be more ready to convict than they now are,, because they would , not feel the same re- sponsibility, and thus many injus- tices might be done. Probably, there is some weight in this objection, though it does not appear to us- to hare anything like the force which those j who urge it suppose. In civil cases juries are not careless because they know that there is an ippeal to a higher Court from their verdict. Our experience on this point, which is very great iaregard to all sorts of cases, is that the junes are generally just as careful as they wou'd be if there was no appeal, and, surely, they would not become careless when they had to decide upon a case of life' or death. This objeotion appears to us not to be At all formidable, but to have been urged in i ignorance of what actually goes on. Again, it has been said that i an appeal would' cause great delay, and thus a criminal sen- tenced by the primary Court might'be kept lingering in doubt as to his fate, in a way which would shock ali right thinking person's. But, ive ask, why should there', be delay ? Surely, the Long Vacation is not as the laws of the Medcs and Persians, and judges, like other folks, ,can be made to do their business at proper times. Lord, Esheb says, and we do not see why what he proposes could not i be easily carried ' out :-" The judges should be bound, in case of conviction and sentence of death, at any inconvenience to other business, to attend in London within seven days after any such sentence,^and in other cases at any time fixed by the Piesident of the Court;" - Surely, there can be1 no'great'difficulty!in accomplishing so simple a piece, 'of business'as this '-li To our mind, however, the chief argument in favour of such a Court as that proposed is, that tliora is an appeal already,'but an unsatisfactory one Everybody knows that in'Eng- land' the Home Secretary* carefully reviews the sentence of death before it is carried out, and that ' he,' has the assistance of the judge who tried the prisoner " in "doiug^so, besides suoh otheirfégal help as he ' may require In the colsnies the Executive is, in fact, a Court1 of Appeal, and always calls upon the judge < who presided at the trial to give his advice before a sentence of death is carried out. The worst of this system is, that in England at all events, it does' not satisfy the public. Excited persons, well-meaning but mostly foolish and incompetent, write letters to the papers by the bushel, in which they talk no end of nonsense, whilst the papers help on the excitement by leaders and comments of various kmds.generally not much to the purpose and m very bad taste If there was, however, a Court of Criminal Appeal i formally constituted, this) could not go on. Newspapers would not venture to publish* 'letters calling in question the decision of a competent tribunal, ' whilst the fact that there had been an open review of the case by judges specially appointed' for the purpose, > would effectually silence those silly folks who are always i suspecting" that t some, grave "injusticei is about to be'done by the Executive, and who have' a special hkirig for the vilest criminals, " ¡, , , The plain fact seems to be, in Great i Britain at al^ eyents, and'(in some! degree in these, colonies, that' we are face to face with a new state of public sentiment and a new development of. publio opinion. , The power of the Press-that is, the power to give im- portance to the opinions of the foolish and the incompetent--is growing so rapidly that it must be recognised and dealt with. It is to be deeply regretted/we think, that the Press does not stop such comments' as those on the case of Mrs. Maybuioic, and' tell its readers, once for all, that it is one for experts to deal with, but there are things which are forced on papers, and this is one of them. The competition of the Press compels all to yield to a public demand, and as the public, in regard to such matters as those to which we now refer, is mostly composed of fools, the demand is great, ana the insistance is just in proportion to the general in- capacity to understand. , The only remedy is, as appears to us, the establishment of a tribunal which can be pleaded in bar of all comment, and which will leave no room for doubt.' Such tribunals work fairly well on the Continent of Europe, though the «deas as to the trial of criminals there differ much from those held in Great Britain, and they do keep down the outburst of maudlin folly, and ignorant criticism. It that end can be attained by a court of Criminal Appeal, surely it is worth while to risk a tew inconveniences, and to break the tradition of the law derived from other times, and adapted to a different set of circumstances in order to gain so very much. Messbs A. G. Webster, and Son have sont to ub tho following, received from their London agents, R. Philpott and Son.-" 3, Abchurch-lane, London, E.C Dear Sir, Wo bog to call your attention to the follow- ing extract,, from Messrs. .Clias Bairne and Co.'« Circular of September 17 :-« A provi- sion of the Merchandise Markie Act, 1887, having disallowed the entry of any good«, ~-Mi ?& H* M1 tafrbg a brand or- name Jdéétlcal with tha| of ajocality in the United KM^doni, which^ -do-not alto carry the désignai»« in full of the- colony or country fa-which-sucb plow is,situate, we r shall be ¡robliged by your ?'affording the' fullest' pubWityV the fact to those, growsrs and shippers of wool .who may be thereby affected. _We may point out by way of illustration, that the wool bales carrying such brands as Bridgewater, Tom with, eto., should therefore in future bo branded thus : r Bridgewater rTamwith, j > Victoria. Now South Walos, i + and that descriptive terms, such as Lincoln, Leicester, Humnoy Marob, eto., Bhould like- wise carry appended to them the namo of the colony in which the produco Is grown, thus : Lincoln Leicester' RumnoyMarcli New Zealand Victoria New Zealand, , The failuro to comply with these conditions will entail a complete obliteration by the Customs officials of tho portions of the brands referred to." TitEitEare still to be found people who believe that gold mining in Victoria is carried on at a loss, as every ounce of gold costs at least £5 to got. When they aro asked what, for example, mudo such cities as Ballarat and Sandhurst, if not the gold, they are at loss for a reply, and can only conclude that the people, Uko the famous trader, have flourished in their losses. The total quantity of gold obtained in Victoria up to the end of 1888 is esti- mated to be 85,687,17öoz, valued at £222,068,704, a fact which moy afford some cluo to the prosperity of that 'colony, if it was got at a profit, but not if the people lost £35,000,000 In getting it. The largest quantity obtained in ona year was in 1856, when the total yield was sup- posed til be 3,053,744oz., but in' those days very much more was got than was reported, or than eveu the returns of exports showed. In 1888 the total yield had fallen to 625,026oz, a.fuir increase on tho previous year, but lou than in 1886. The yield in >1861, the year in which tho first discovery was made, is estimated to have beet) 212,899 ounces, ibut, tho figures or» doubtful, as uo record was kept upon whick any reliance can be placed. Roughly speaking, the total weight ' of ' tho gold obtained in Victoria may, be set down nt 1,775 ton». < Tim Technological, Industrial and Sanitary Museum in Sydney appears to be a very popular institution, judging by the report of the Committee of Management for 1888, which we have jost1 recehed. The Committee reports a' ' fallibg-off m tlie number of visitors, though the diminution has not been so great as for the previous nyear. This de- cline in the attendance of ,t|io public is explained by the .Committee in' rather a curious way, for it is attributed " to the im- possibility of examining the exhibits, owing to the crowded state of the building." Naturally, the Committee hopesj¡.soon to bo able "ton report the acqui- sition of a now building," especially as it is in possession of a beam engine made by James Watt, the present of Messrs. White- head and Co, brewers, London, originally erected in 1785, which cannot now bo pro- perly shown. The number of visitors during the year was 38,614, of whom 12,493 attended on Sundays, and 26,121 on week days. The largest attendance., ton a tSunday waa on January 20, when the number was 386 ; and the largest week-day attendance on I January 26, when the total recordod was 376\. There can be no doubt, looking at tlioso figures, that the institution is a very popular one. Crowded Out.-The following letters are unavoidably held over :-Edward T. Miles, Edward Mulcahy, " M.P.," " Reliable Authority," "Paddy from Cork," "Sub- scriber." VICE-REGAL.-In place of her usual At Homo to day, 28th mst, Lady Hamilton will hold a reception at Government House in tho evening from 8 to'll o'olock. Mail Nkws.-R.M.S 8. Arcadia,' with I English mail on board, passed tho Sema- phore, Adelaide, at 0 a.m. yesterday. Telkoeaphic. - Tho following message was received at the Telegraph Offico from South Australia on Saturday afternoon .- | "Rangoon reporta íouto (o Siam restored, and line between Baugkok and Saigon right." " The Mbmdgrs for WetcHodatit.- Mr. G. Fitzgerald, M.H.A , «rites :-"In your report on the Marine Bonni Bill discussion m House of Assembly, Finlay evening, you curiously attributed to myself a speech of Mr. Burgess' " f Hobakt Tbamways.-Wo are informed that the tiamway syndicate, which'is to construct tho Hobart and other lines has successfully floated its loan in' London. Preparations'are now being made to start the work of construction.' < Tue Sketoheu.-This month's Austro-< Ionian SKelchcr contains a 'well varied and interesting number of illustrations. There is a group nt " Tlie Racing Carnival, 9> " Ship ping Horses for India," "How Bill the Shepherd got a new rig-out," a view in Milford Sound) N.Z., Sportsmen after turkeys, and innengraving' of the new picture for the Mclbourno National Gallery, " The Massacre of Glencoe,'' Road Dihtbict op Kensington. -"A meeting ' was held on Saturday, 26th inst., at Glenorchy, to elect five trns' tces for the now Road District of Ken- sington.1 Mr. H. S.'R. Wright, Walden f jr the district, was uiiuiiinioiisly olected to take tho Chair, and read the proclamation of the Govcmoi-in- Council, appointing a Road District, to bo called the Road Dis- trict of Kensington.1 A ballot took place, and the following landholders, residing within" the district, wcW declared dulyi elected :- Messrs. Joseph ' Cook, Thoniaa Hallam, T. Morrisby, William Murray, mid, H. S. R. Wright. A vote of timuka to 'the chairman for his able and impartial conduct of tho business M'as carried by acclamation, and proceedings terminated. ' Tkndebs Aooeftm>.-Tho following ten- ders have boen accepted for public works : Road, St. Mary's to George's Bay, contract 2, T. Berwick, £41 Os. 6d. Road, Oatlands to Eastern Marshes and Swanston, contract 1, F. and H. Dart, £0916s. 8d.; contract 2,' O. Woods, £235 4s. 5d. Road from Ellesmere to Murphy's and other selections, contract 1,1 W. Bennett, £70 4s. 9d. 'Road, Black Sugar Loaf, via Maley'« and Cox's, to Frankford, contract 1; J. and W. Maley, £255 139. 7d. Repairs, alterations, and additions Post and Telegraph Office, Green Ponds, Brown and Philpot, £350. ' Post and Telegraph Office, 'Waratah, additions and ' alterations, J. C. King) £283 9«. Tasmanian' Government Railways (North-Weetern Line)-Supply, and delivery of 4,870 «leeper«, H. Chester- man ; 4,000 6ft. 6in. at 1». 9Jd. each ; 870 7ft. to 12ft. at 2«. 6gd. each. < Fian.-Last evening, at 0.45 p.m., three young men named S. William», T. Taylor, and G. Wale whilit standing at the corner of Warwick-street observed a volume of «moke proceeding from the roof of Mr. Hugh Kirk'« house in Union- street. An alarm of fire was at once conveyed to tho Brigade-station, Bathurst-street, and ac- companied by Constable Nance the party Îiroceedod to the house and burst open the ront door, the whole of the family being absont at church. -On entering one of the bedrooms, flame« were found tobe proceeding from a cellar situate below and had gained hold of the partition wall. Fortunately, such water as could be found in the water jugs in the bedrooms snfficedjto extinguish tile flames, and by the time the brigade iirrivod on tho spot bnt a fow minutes later, their services, except in the cose of taking precautionary measures ,to ensure tho entire extinguishment, were nnneeded. The fire evidently originated in a coal-looker in the cellar already mentioned, but no clue as to tho origin exists. We understand that in j breaking opon the door the young man Walo suffered a slight dislocation of the shoulder. It is matter for congratulation that the con- flagration was discovered at so early a period, for had it gained a secure hold a considerable amount of damage must have ensued, as the-wind was; somewhat high at the time. ' > > . . . . i Cricket, Oatlands.-The annual meet- ing of'the Happy Familyi CO.; take« placo (lus evening at eight o'clock, at the Midland Hotel ,-ffstamROMEHENT SsimcE.-The following sassie will be »ung at the enthronement of Blahop Montgomery :-To Deum (Sir John Goss); Anthem, "Sing O Hcavcus"(Sir Arthur-Sullivan) ! -The"dGk>ri» in Excels»;": "Sanctu»;" "Kyrie Eleison," etc., being taken from Winchester's Service, and the Responses to Tallis' Festival Sotting. Speoial-chonts-have-been-eom posed for-the occasion, and wclbknown'^liymns will bo sung.- The conductor, Mr. T. J. Haywood, will/preside at the organ'throughout lite service, and Mr, J. M. Barnett\vjllplay while the congregation < is assembling, Mr. Arnold Bode taking 'the concluding voluntary. This afternoon at 3 o'clock thd Right Rev. Dr.' Montgomery, Bishbp of Tasmania, will hold a reception in the. Synod Hall, and at 4 o'clock addresses will bo presented. ! Hiait-HTKEET WSSLBYAN CHURCH -TllO 53rd anniversary services of tho Sunday school connected with tho Wesloyan Church, High-street, were celebrated yesterday. In the morning the Rev. t J. Cope preached, and specially < directed his remarks to Sunday school work, and in the evening the Rev. 8.i T. Wellington preached a powerful sermon on the dom or of God to effect conversion' under, all circumatancesl I A) children's Bor viue waa held in the afternoon, the Rov.R. W. .Thompson delivering a stirring address, alter which1 Mr. He,1 tho superintendent of tho Sunday-school, distributed the-reward books gained by the children during the past'year. ,The congregations'throughout the day were large, and the special hymns snug at each' servico wera exceptionally well rendered, reflecting the greatest credit upon Mr. Kirby, who had trained tho children, and Miss Priest, who presided It the organ. This evening a tea will' be held, with a publia meetin« afterwards, at which Mr. 'M, Ward.will .presido. i HI I , I - Catholic Arosiouc . Lectores. - The Evangelist lecturing in the Town Hall de- livered the second lecture in the Mayor's committee-room yesterday evening, the sub jeot being "Tbo progress'of Divine per- fection." I /After explaining the distinction between tbo Mosaic ana the Christian covenant, and giving the Scriptural authori- ties which show that the, Mosaic law is no longer 'binding oft those who receive tho Lord Jesus Chi ist; that Christian mon should not observe the commandments in tho decaloütte,' simply becauseL they aro there, but becauso ' they have' colno to' us afresh, enlarged, and amplified into their highest spiritual ineauing in the gospel, and tho indwelling' of the Holy Ghost which follows tbo reception of the gospel. Aud after showing that Christians aro not bound by the law of Sinai or any part of it, but by the "law of the Spirit of lifo in Christ Jesus;" that the Siimitic law said "Do this and thou ahalt live," the gospel when truly preached, Bays " Live ami thou ahalt do'this." The lecturer concluded by exhort- ing the audience to seek' to, increase in true spiritual lifo and in sympathy with the mind of the Lord, and with tho suffering creation which He seeks to deliver, through the revelation and establishment of His, eternal kingdom1.' ' '." ' '[, '/il{l. CoMwsrrrioii at Tow» Ham..-To.-nigbt at the Town Hall tho public of Hobaitare to be Introduced to a novelty, as far as Tas- mania ia concerned, iu the shape of a literary competition under .. tho auspices, of tho Literary Societies' Union. The programma of the events appears in anothei column, and comprises competitions for prizes for piano- forte solo, elocution, Binging,,and extempore speech. The .competitors announced novo already passod through a preliminary com- petition, and have b:cn selected by the judges as tho, most fit to take part in to-night's final contest so that a really good evening's entertainment may bo expected. In addi- tion to*this, liowovei-.thu ninnes of tho writers of the prize essays, pooina, manuscript, maga- zines,' and novelottes, will Jbe declared, and tlie prizes and certificates distributed. Tho firomotors hope that the public will attend n large numbers, and thus help on tho fostering of matters literary in our midst. Tickets, the domsnd for which is rapidly in- creasing, may bo obtained at Walch'», Hood's, Propsting und Cockhead's, Connor's, Catholic Book DepQt, and Diocosun Book Depot, from members of Union Societies, and at the hall door. I ¡ ' Crrv Pouch Court.--Boforo the Police Magistrate and Mr, G. Crisp, J.P., on Satur- day, Ann Cole and Nora Cook pleaded guilty to using obsceno languugo in the Sublie street on the 25th hist. The Polioe iagistrute : " You are two notorious characters, and deserve to be treated as common scolds," Ann Cole : " What did you say, sir, I did not hear." The Polico Magistrat« : " Well, you will hear this. You aro fined 20s. 6<L, or one- month, each of you." Thomas Warren was fined 5s., or seven days, for being drunk and disorderly in Liverpool-street on tho 25th inst. Ho wat also charged with behaving violeutly in the watohibouse, and was further mulcted m a penalty of 40s., in default itwo mouths! Margaret.Vergo was charged with being an idle and disorderly character, and ? having in her possession an >arliclo of clothing without boing ablo to satisfactorily explain how'she como, by it. Constable Charnley having gi\cn cvidenco, defendant was lomandcu until Wednesday next. William C. Robin- son was ordered to pay 5s., or be imprisoned for sovon dayB, for being drunk und dis ordetly in Campbell stieot on the 25th iust. FiiEE Okoan Recital.'-The fifth fice organ recital was given yesterday in tho Town Hall by Mr. I'aoker, when, as usual, there waa <a very largo attendance.) ' The performance ¡ consisted ot nine items, of which tho two vooal onea, at the hands of Mrs. Win . Lovett and Mr. A. D. Watchorn, and the gavotte in F (own composition) by Mr.. Packer, v. arc encored., ' The lady per- former merely acknowledged the' compli- ment, but Mr. Watchorn topcatcd tho con- cluding verse of Sullivan's magnificent song, "Tbolost ehoid," and Mr. Packer substi- tuted a composition of similar measure by Cowcn. The collcctioni towards defrayal of incidental expenses made in boxes placed-at tho'doorsof tf)e jiallgaycaBumof £1 10s 8d. Appended is' thd full programme :-Andante and allegro, , concerto in G minor, Mendels- sohn; melody in FjJ Clarke ; minuet from Saumon, Handel ; song, ' Ring ,on, sweet Ángelus, , (Gounod), Mrs. Win. "Lovett (encored) ;,march from ' Ruins 'of 'Athens, Beethoven ; gavotwoiuF, Packer (cnbor'cil) ; ¿avotto, Coiveu; selections from 'Mewlqh, Handel i 's'ong¡ "The lost chord" (Sullivan), Mr. A. I). Watchorn (encored) ; the wedding march, Mendelssohn. ' Baldwin's Butterflies.-This evening tho company known by this tillo open for a short season-four nights only-in tho Thoatro Royal. Professor' .Baldwin is ono who is well-known tío the majority of enter- tainment patron - indeed, his reputation is. a world- wido one, and ho ranks'/as a »tar in bia particular business, prestidigita- tion, whilst, added thereto, ho gives a won- derful /exposé of tho arts and jugglerlesiof Spiritualism, and places his auditory au courant respecting the pulling of, the w ires. Soma of -those'feats aro described as little less than marvellous, and indeed those who witnessed tho Professoi's performances during his last visit to Tasmania,! a few years ago, will recollect tho impression created at that timo. Nor is Professor Baldwin alone as a provider of items that vcrgo on ' tho uncanny, for in Miss Kate Russell we have a clairvoyant subject whose gifts almost baffle description, and certainly aro 'inexplicable to the majority who have witnessed au exercisc'.tbereof. A mental, question put by any member of the audience is first answered'by her,1 and then the ques- tion itself is stated. Her character sketches (" living photographs")' contribute also to the all round excellence, of the entertain- ment. Those who have made the acquaint- ance of Miss Kate Russell in her clever im- personations in her " Happy Hours" enter- tainment will scarcely need tolling that she has added to her repertoire, extended and, perfected many of tier earlier and most j popular charocters,~and altogether blooms forth snow, even as a butterfly on the spring I flowers. ' "" ' Gband National Tasmania* Baby' Show.-It is announced in our advertising! column» that the promoter» of the two baby ?hows previously advertised to take place in Hobart, being desirous of not clashing, havoi decided to combine their efforts in one, enterprise. The baby show advertised to' be held in the marquee is withdrawn, and the Grand National Tasmanian Baby Show is to be ¡ held in the comfortable Exhibition building (Palace Skating Rink), for two day» only, November 0 and November 7 proximo. The promise is made thst £100 in prizes will bo given, £60 cash prizes and £40 in special prizes, and in order, wo pre- sumo, that the show shall bo thoroughly cosmopolitan in character, a prize is even offered for the best "little nig." The pio motera have dono woll to consolidate their forcos, and irom the wide-spread interest already expressed in the novo! exhibition, a success only limited by the holding capacity of the building, is well assured. S.T. AhtillkhY.-This corps willmustorat the Military Rai racks this evening at 7.30 o'clock. Attention is directed to an advei . tisement in another column. OncHKSTiiAL Umus Society.-The lOtli | annual meeting of the Orchestral Union will bo held in the committee-room in the Town Hall, on Friday, November;.l,.ot, 7.30p m. The epintnittee, by advertisement, especially request the attendance,of all performers and i subscribers. Cycukq.-Tho entries for tho Ramblers' Bicyolo Club races, whloh are to take place on Princo of Wales' Birthday, November 11, closed on Saturday night with tho follow lowing result i-One Mile-Maiden Reoerlft I Half-mile Handicap, 14 ; One Milo Safoty Raco, S ; Fivu-Milcs Championship of Tas- mania, 6 ; One Milo Handle ip, l8 ; Toama man-Wheel Race (3- miles), 12 ¡-One imda half Milo Handicap. 12: One Mile Amateur Walking Raco, *10 ; making a total of 92 cntric*. 'Handicaps will apiidur in Wcdncl day morning'« Met erny.- Tho trophies'aro now, ou view Jin the! window of'Mr. Noel Whito, Livcrpool-Btrcet, olid wcro a groat attraction'on Saturday 'night; j On Tuesday next Mr. T. F. Hullam'wilfiniako an attempt to lower tho 60 milo rccoid of Tasmania, finishing at Cooloy's Hotel, New Town. 'St. John's, Gouxudrk-btaeet.-Pleasing encouragement is given lo tho promoters of tho sale of worknnd cako fair by Mrs. Mont gome'ry having very kindly consented to per- form the opening coromony. This will take place at 3 p.m. on Thu sday_ next, when (as the admission is almost nominal and children receiving value at ata Is) it is to bo trusted that the school repair and choir fund may be greatly augmentad by a numerous atten- dance Football Piiesintation.-A gathering of footballers and other« took placo, at the Rainbow Hotel on'Saturday evening,) when occasion was taren to present four handsoino trophies, , tho gift of Mr. Chus. Beck, to Messrs. G. Cheverton (captain), S., Dunlop (vice-captain), W. C. Sibley, and'R. Brown, of tho Railway Club. Mr. Cheverton waa prcBonted with a valuable gold medal as captain of the premier team of 1889, Mr. S. Dunlop with a gold-mouuted Watch1 «eel, Mr. Sibley'with a gold-medal for goal , kicking, and Mr. Brown, with a gold rjugget [ ring.' In making the presentations on behalf of Mr.' Beck/ the Chairman referred to the hearty support that gentleman had always tendered the Club. The Chairman regretted that Mosers. Sibley and Brown were going to leave them, but hoped that when they re- turned to Hobart again they would be found in the ranks of their old Club. He then presented tho trophies, and each of the re- cipients suitably replied, and heartily thanked the donor. In acknowledging a cordial vote of thanks, ' Mr. Book said he was sorry that each player had not been pre- sented with something in order to commemo- rate their unprecedented success of 188D. This, [ho said, could havo been done had tho whole of the Club's supporters been so dis- posed. Ho 'thanked , them for the hearty vote of thanks, and hoped the Railway would lone; retain the title of premier« of Southern Tasmania A vote of tUanks to the Chairman terminated the proceedings. Cabriaoe Accident.-Constable Fore- man reported to head-quarters on Saturday that a horse attached to a pagnal cart, una driven by Mr. R. Dobbie, of Cooley'« Hotel, New Town, bolted from the Cascade Brewery Co.'» office, up Collins-street, to Harrington-street. Mr. Dobbie wa« unfor- tunate enough to be thrown to the ground, and one of the wheel« passed over his chest, but' without causing any vory serious in- jury. At tho corner oi l Harrington and Collins streets the horse fell and the cart was overturned, neither^' however, receiving damage. , , , » ¡ , i » . ,j Heighton.-At the inquest on Margaret Campbell, held on 24th ¡mt., Mr. W. Gunn, coroner, Dr. Myers, of Green Ponda, de- posed that I the post-mortem examination dis- closed that ; death resulted from heart disease. On the same day, in Petty Sessions, before Messrs. Gunn and Butler, Js P., James Mallard received seven days' hard labour for vagrancy, and Jesse Wright 14 days' hard labour for stealing leather straps valued at 5s. Eaulk Nesting at Hobton College. A correspondent writes :-" On tho 10th of this month a difficult and somewhat hazard- ous feat of climbing was accomplished, in tho neighbourhood | of Ross, by an " old Horton College' boy," who ascended onoof the large stringybark trees so numerous on tho Eastern Tiers, after a nest of tho wedge tailed eagle. Hortonians have at all times been noted (or theil olimbing propensities, but the climb that was achieved on this occasion probably far surpasses any that has been known in tho district. Three feet from the ground tho tree measured 48ft. in cir cutmerenco, it was perfectly straight, and for about 70ft. thoro was not a branch. At that point tho troo divided into two, but each part was so thick that it would have been useless to put a rope between ; some distanco higher up was a branch from the main trunk, and, over this a string was thrown by one of tho party, who climbed io the top of a neighbouring ¿ree. A rope 100ft. in length filiad io reach up and down by about 20ft., and 'another rope was attached. Seated on a stout stick fastened to ono end, tho climber was'pulled np to the branch, but oven at that height the main trunk was so thick as to render it impossiblo to proceed without a rope. The nest was not now straight abovo him, but stood away at an angle of about45deg. and some25ft!abovohim. Climbing along tho branch on which ho thon was, and thus getting as near to tho nest us possible, he fastened his knifo to the olid of a boll of string he had taken up lu his pocket, and after several fruitless attempts, at length ' succeeded in throwing the knifo ovci tho bough on which tho nest wus, und just boyonil tho nest. Tho string was now across tho limb, but was hanging' at Bomo distanco from the climber, however, not to be beuten by this, ho mado it su ing by tluowing dead twigs at it, and then by means of tho longest ' stick obtainable, reached it as it swung towards lum. 'Re- turning to the rope, he fastened tho end on to tho string uud.pnlIod it over,tho brauch, thon re soutint; himself [ on tho stick, his companions below holding tho lope taut, he swung out mulei tho nest, and ivas theupo pulled right on to it/where his plucky per Boictancc was le Warded hy two very fine specimens of the eggs. The party had luckily provided themselves* with plenty of rope, and ho wallet down straight from the nest to the ground. Ho had boom about 2 hours in tho tree jTho same climbor has on several occasions, previously succeeded in getting cáelos' egg» in the'same district, but has never before either seen so large a nest or had to tackle jo formidable d tree to'get to one. Tho height of the nest nbovo tho ground wns^HTÍt, and neaily^Oft. of rope wore used to lot tho climbei to tlw ground.^ A Tasmanian Invento«.-In a foi mer ¡83UO,wo nptcd 'tho suocoss of Mr. John J. Sli'eri'dai), of Hobart, us an authority on {ih'rcnology, and'the interest created by us articles ' as thoy have appeared in tho columns of the American, publication, the Pin cnolojjicat Journal. The August number of that publication 'gil c8 particulars of ex pcrimoiitH'by which' Mr ' Sheridan hos made considerable lmprovcmentB^-neccssary for correct delineations-in the, machino for hoad measurement,' known as ¡the " Water Measuromont." Following this, in tho Sep- tember issue, (is a detailed Recount of an entirely now system of bruin measurement, and of a machine for carrying1 out the samo, both invented by, Mr. Sheridan. A fino woodcut of the machino, which is called " Sheridan's Craniocentromiter " illustrate* the letterpress, anbt will gil o those interested a good idea of the merits'of the invention, i If phrenology has any practical use, thlH, method 'of reducing to a minimum the, chances of miscalculation will commend itself'to all exponents of the system. ¡ Hival Windinkss.-Thus comments a Wellington contemporary : - " Aftei all Wellington is bearable, and the Auckland papers, in their i wildest i flight of ubusopf the Empire City, never succeeded in equal- ling tho following:-Tho Lyttdton Tunee says that an idea of the fierceness of the recent nor'-wester 'can be formed from the fact that a woman, living near Monnt Somers, after escaping from a falling houso, had to «it on her children to prevent their, being blown away. This may appear a stretch of the long bow, but to people acquainted with the locality it does uot «com improbable." The Lj/Utlton Time» retort« thus :-" It rcferenoe to the fore-, going it may be admitted that the wind« in Wellington do not blow children away. They do not even blow away the evil smell» of tho seat of Government., The smell», not' the winds, must be credited 'with carrying off children in Wellington." , " Tub Sultan Is mach alarmed by hi« in- creasing obesity, and he has just summoned Dr. Scnwennenger 'to Constantinople, from Berlin, for whose accommodation a palace on the Boipbof ni, 'at Thenpia, ha» been Srepared, where he I» to »tay for a week. Dr. chwennenger'a treatment has immonsely benefited Prince Bismarck: »nd the Czar was much the better for it, but he soon gave it up, as he ia an inveterate eormandtser, and careful and very plain feeding were as impossible to hliu as tho prescription of one tumblor of weak whisky and Apollinaris at each meal, instead of tho magnum of cham- pagne which he usually consumes."-Truth, Soptombor 12,1889. 