TALE. No Robbery, I. Mrs. Christie's was anything but an un- pleasant house, and the people who were staying in it were anything but unpleasant. My preconceived notion had been that the folks one would meet in a boarding-house were of a doubtful sort; at the best it seemed inevitable that there would be social cats purring inquisitively and treacherously all about. So it was a welcome surprise to find the house so different from my anticipa- tions. Mrs. Christie herself I knew but slightly. She was the widow of a mining engineer who had done good service to our family in my father's days. She had set up a boarding establishment in Russell street, when it happened that I had to go up to town to consult my old college friend Marton, now a barrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at my mother's request, to Mrs. Christie's, not without some misgivings about the wis- dom of the step I was taking; but I thought that anyhow it would be a new experience; and that was just what it did prove to be eventually. The company was made up of an Indian army doctor and his daughter, she being a damsel fair to look upon; two spinsters from Shropshire; a west country parson and his wife; Mrs. Christie's nephew, a clerk in a bank; myself, and a couple about whom no one knew anything—save Mrs. Christie, and she not much—but whom every one allowed to be the most charming and delightful people they had met for many a day. Mr. and Mrs. Walcot had travelled much, and were evi- dently well read, but they neither wearied one's ears with the glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you with talk about books they had read and you hadn't; they made no dis- play, and though brilliant conversationalists, they were just the pleasant kind of people in whose company you could sit without want- ing to talk at all. He was a tall sparely built man, well set up, with regular features, a man of fine bearing, yet not quite like a soldier; she was hardly so distinguished looking as her hus- band, hardly so handsome; her features just missed regularity, but eyes and mouth had a fascinating piquancy of expression which made her the most attractive woman I had ever met; I thought so then, and I think so still, though I have considerably extended my ex- perience since those days when my mother guarded her fledgling against the attacks, rapacious or insiduous, of every breed of harpy. But the most pleasing trait in this couple was that, though so plainly devoted to one another, and satisfied with their own company, they were not wholly eaten up with mutual admiration: their nature seemed to have a sympathetic feeling that moulded it- self to suit the dispositions of those around, without sacrificing its own individuality. No wonder all liked them; I was particularly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed in either looks or style; I had unfortunately inherited my mothers manner and my father's face; had it been the other way about, I should doubtless have proven the social suc- cess which I was painfully conscious that I was not. And it must have been out of pure good nature that they were so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christie whether she kept her promise I don't know that she should say nothing to her guests about Earnshaw Hall, or the mines, or the plate and pictures, or my mother's famous diamonds, or the glories of a country house that women love. The only one who did not take kindly to them was Marton. On the Thursday after we had concluded our business I prevailed on him to dine with me at Mrs. Christie's, and I remember noting how every one seemed to be at his or her best; even Marton's severe fea- tures relaxed, and he showed himself almost more than courteous to the Indian girl, be- tween whom and one of the Shropshire spin- sters he was sitting, evidently well satisfied with his environment, as he owned when I was 'setting him back,' as they say in the North, to his chambers, 'but—but——' 'But me no buts; what is wrong now?' 'Why, those people to whom you have taken so violently, the Walcots.' 'What about them, Mr. Censor?' 'They give me an uncomfortable feeling; not that they look uncanny, but I am haunted by the ghost of some forbidding reminiscence, as if I had seen that woman's eyes before and I am sure I have—but when or where I cannot recollect; and I am equally sure they were connected with something shady—what that, too, was I cannot bethink me: a hazy, indefinite recollection it was, but one that clung to me all the while.' 'May I suggest dyspepsia? too hard work indoors, too little exercise.' 'Maybe you are right, but do you, too, use a pinch of caution in cementing your new friendship. Good-night.' 