? D)i]>stn Vkal —A OollinB-stroet dude. Twelve Civil Servants to every man in Victoria. AY Inch means that every man has twelve masters. An evening paper heads its Parliamentary notes, " The Leather and l'runella." Is this a reflection on the members' skins ? A cuu.u three weeks old was found on Collinsstreet last week. It was a girl, •we'll wager—the boys don't start doing the block so early. Age advt. : — "VV/ANTED man, young, to work spouting *' machine. Where is the boy politician * Two Melbourne physicians are at daggers drawn. The one pronounced a patient incurable and the ot'ier, when called in, cured him. h'juv Dlnlo, the eldest son of Lord Clancarty, has married a music-hall singer. These music-hall singers are rapidly getting lower and lower in the social scalc. A Darin<; Ahventi'RK.—A Sydney alderman took a bath one day last week, lie emerged but little the worse. Congratulations are pouring in from friends. Tiikkb are said to be in New South Wales eight hundred criminals belonging to ottier countries. What is tiie attraction ? They have not pavment of members in the New South Wales Assembly. Last week we printed a paragrapli stating that Sir Henry Parkea often takes Lady l'arkcs to the .Sydney Zoo. If Lidy Parkes has a taste that way it is a wonder Sir Henry docs not take her into the House. Mil. J. S. Bekry, of Sydney, was compelled to pay Kliza Monroe three hundred pounds damages for breach of promise of marriage the other day. Doubtless, now he wishes he had " Berried " Alias M on roe. A Qoekx.sl.anu female pupil- teacher answered a question asking her to "illustrate the subtle delicacy of Bacon" by writ.iog, " Lay a slice, nicely mixed, lean and fat, on the pau with half an onion cut up." A man in Waverley, who fears his house may be broached by the common enemy, the burglar, has had "Journalist" set up in big letters over his door. He appears, however, to have forgotten that some burglars cannot read. A syuATTEB, well known in and about St. Arnaud, has organised a brass bind amongst the '•mployw on his station, and has them up at the homestead practising on the trombone of nights. He lost his wife five months ago. A voum; lady walked in her sleep from Ascot Vile to somewhere near Moonee Ponds the other Saturday. There is not so mucli in that. We have seen policemen do the same regularly, night after night, and make no fuss about it. William Halliijav has been committed to the observation ward in Darlinghursfc Gaol on the charge of being reasonably supposed to be insane. The police testified that they bad 6een bin) bold his umbrella over his wife's head during a heavy shower of rain. The Herald, in one paragraph laBt Monday, speaks of ".Mr. Heskoner, the famous artist " If Mr. Ilerkomer takes the Herald in he will be pleased to see what fame means in Australia. ]3ut, then, the Herald would speak of Judas Ca;sar as soon as not. A F£W weeks a^o a man was arrested and locked up for stealing his own coat; last week another individual was arrested in the city for robbing himself of a dog which he had on a string. Soon it won't be Bafe in Melbourne for anyliody but a policeman to own anything. Five reporters have been trying to squeeze themselves into a press-box large enough for only three at the Newtown police court. Complaints to the Bench elicited a recommendation to the editors to send slim men. Further complaints elicited a permit for two of the brave stenographers to sit in the dock. Thomas Akdicikmk dropped dead in a Sydney ! gambling den a few days ago. He was looking on at a game of fan-tan, and suddenly burst a blood vessel. He saw one of the players cheating, perhaps, and the sight killed him. Or perhapB he perished of chagrin to think he didn't " stand in" with liim. A i'Al'EH recently to hand contains the information that there are more organ- grinders in the United States than in all the rest of the world. In the face of which fact you will not be surprised to hear that Beven hundred persons did away with themselves in the States during January, February and March of this year. The Herald says:—"Seven Bank of England notes have exactly the same weight as a sovereign." Who lent the writer of that statement the notes with which to make the experiment? also, who purveyed the sovcreigu for the test ? Furthermore, where are those two men now ? These are matters which require to be cleared up. An Poo, a Chinaman, struck with piety, attended a Lutheran Church one Sunday. He beheld quite a gross of shining medals. "They are gold, ' thought Foo. On Monday he burgled the church, and carried away three dozen of them. When he offered them for sale he learned they were merely gilt. He now thinks Christianity a sham. A young woman was discovered walking about Collingwood, attired only in a night-dress, one night last week. She was in a state of somnambulism, and was followed by a large crowd. When accidentally awakened she went off into hysterics, The shock of discovering she had no improver on was too much for her. A man blew his head off with dynamite at Wood's Point the other day. This form of suicide is becoming rather popular. It gives the coroner's jury a reasonable excuse for bringing in the old "suicide whilst of unsound mind" chestnut; deceased was certainly off his bead. The rep >rt of this man's death was heard a mile away. Ur in Queensland they are laying poison for Parliamentary candidates. Several valuable dogs have been accidentally destroyed owing to the promiscuous way in which the baits are laid about. We would adv'iBC that the baits be dipped in rum. That would warn the dogs off and lure most candidates on. The small balance of teetotal candidates could be killed with an axe. "So you couldn't get your superior officer to consent to your marriage," observed a sympathetic friend to a despondent policeman at Billarat the other day. "Oi cud not," responded the blighted one. " And why was that ?'' continued his friend. " liid the officer anything against the character of the object of your love ?'" " Naw, he had not that same." " Then what was the trouble ? Why did he refuse his consent?" " Well, ye see, th'guril was his daughter." Since Messrs. C. and .E. Millar, the railway contractors, purchased the yacht " Saide " from the Duke oi Norfolk our rich citizens are looking about them. We should not be surprised if before long it became the fashion among our Toorak Plutuses to purchase dukes in persjn. Think of the effect an invitation to dinner, with a footnote to the effect that "our new butler, Earl Sangreazul, and four imported lords will attend to the table," would have upon the wives and daughters of gentlemen who had " made their money in mutton," or even "general produce." The following is not an effort of imagination. |It is a mere bald prosaic fact taken from a daily paper :—"' W hat did the prisoner do ?' asked the IJench. * I told him to move on, and he said he'd take my number. Then I locked him up.' Fined 10s. or 24 hours." Certainly. It is a manifestly gratuitous insult to a policeman to ask him his number. He may not have it about him at the time, or may have forgotten it, or lost it, or—who knows?—eaten it. Under any of these circumstances it would place him in an embarrassing position to be suddenly asked for it. Consequently we think the Bench was right on this occasion in fining th.5 malignant prisoner. Moral: Before asking a policeman for bis number ask him to tell you which court he is going to take you to, You will probably have to pay a double fine for your curiosity—but perhaps you may not. In cither case you will be acquiring valuable information about the manner in which this marvellously expensive city of ours is governed and its citizens piotected, also the strangers within its gates. An aged and distressed individual, named Harding, was up before the City Bench one morning last week, charged with being a mendicant, and having no legal means of buying beer. It seems that the old man has a tenderness for beer, and a warm place for it under his vest, whenever he can find any to take advantage of that haven of warmth and peace, and he sptnds most of his time wander ing up and down and loitering about pubs and breweries, keeping an eye out for stray colonial which may have escaped from legal control. The other day, whilst thusly engaged, he espied something Which he took for stale tangle running down a gutter, and he assumed an horizontal position, and started to fill up with dye. He had made a mistake, and got on to the wrong tack, and the consequence was he had to be hurried to the hospital in a hand cart, and pumped out with a draw-lift. He is now a double-dyed inebriatehe is dyed internally and externally, but for all that is considerably off colour, and Government ha? decided to take care of him for six months. Visitor from Melbourne at the ticket-offiie window on first platform at the railway stition at Sydney:—"I expect a friend by the westjrn train ; on what platform will the train come in ?'' " Ask window below." Visitor, at window be'ow : " Which platform does the western train come to ?'' " The western train. Oh, aye, that's her whistling yonder !' Visitor rushes oil down steps, up steps, across rails, over cinder-tracks, and getB n to the platform just as the people stream from the carriages. He does not meet bis friend. "Giard, is this the western train?" "The western train ? No, sir; not at all. This is the northern." " Which platform will the western train come in at?' "The other end; right opposite this, over the bridge. That's her whistling now." Off goes the visitor ; again down steps, up steps, across rails, and over cinder-tracks. He puts himself in position &9 friend had directed, and scans the passengers The friend is not among them. "Porter, is this the western train?" "The western? No, sir. This is the southern. Over there is the platform of the western — and she s just coming in now. You'll be late." Still another time the visitor takes to the steps, the rails and the cinder-track. His face is red, and he grips his umbrella by the middle. He jumps on to the platform and runs his eye through the crowd. Bis friend is not tiiere. " Porter, is this the western train ?" " No, sir. This is north suburban." "And where is the platform of the western?" "I don't know, sir; but if you'll ask at the window over there they will tell you." Visitor, at tne window : "Ib there no blank idiot with the intelligence of a petrified man to answer a simple question, or are you all a lot of blank blazing duffers " Policeman: " Go easy; if you give any more of that I'll put ye away." "Bit I 'm wanting an item of information, and there isn't a soul in the whole blank place can give it me. I'm here three-quarters of an hour, running all the time from platform to platform, and every time wrong." "What platform do you want?" asked a pert clerk, pulling his bead half out of the window. " The western train one." "That's it over there, but that train came in fifty minutes ago, just five ininutes before you say you arrived. Won't be another one for six hours." The Melbourne man looked as if he would like to sit down on one of the policeman's boots, but he braced himself up and departed slowly from the station, saying bis prayers. Sib John Rojhsbtson, the hoary and hairy old knight of New South Wales, who wears liis patriarchal locks hanging down Mb back, and has a look of childish ingeniousness and affability, but a reputation for the ability to swear the most hardened Murrumbidgee bullock- puncher out of countenance in one round, has been summonsed for giving way to his genial little failing to the nervous derangement and mentali^rtUfW^^ man named Griffiths, with whom fc 1 politics. We can understand th»t .i.*" effort on the part of Sir John Cu^ 1 W fine—he is an artist at any timi. largest " cuss" vocabulary on tha • when crossed in the item of Prnt^r 1 ""Hf trade, he just rakes up his .nane 1,;'°? and spreads himself; ami dwt £ tetra-syllabic profanity fly thick „(,•, up the dust with his feet, and 7 l »H the benefit of his long p^rliameTJ We would just tremble to lie in St p? T'M he bars the gate when old Sir John » ^ up the golden stairs. ° oes 1 A correspondent writes to the Am » attention of all and sundry to the awful of suicide amongst us, and the m'W with which men are hoisting th™ eternity on a rope, and the habit bysteS?! are acquiring of leaping off high ZoTiTI Bea, ta their moral and physM un\J„ great advantage of the undertakinc aforesaid correspondent thinks something * be done to turn the suicide away from h Sj ness, and make him repent having carved ^ off or suspended his animation Iiy the nrfl does not know exactly what would filltheSil is sort of inclined to the opinion that if the^J for being found dead were made more «ew»l the papers started to cry down suicided' able pastime, much would be done t«i mitigating its popularity. Let ua MJ?] hurt person with a verse or two :— ' Oh, gentle female, ere you leap Adown that cliff so high and steep Into the damp and vasty deep Pray pause awhile and reason out your cad Y'ou may be hooked up on a drag To-morrow morn, quite limp andti Say like a bulldog in a bag, With salt and slimy sea-weed on your Iiu, I There's little sentiment, you know In b ling rudely fished up so- ' Besides self-murder is ifi trap, The papers mean to show it is had style. So please continue to bang out- It's not so hard you'll find, no doubt, j When you get used to it. We snoot Because your actions tend to stir the bile, Of some most worthy folks in tan, Who, when you try yourself to dim 1 With indigestion are brought As th' Age's correspondent tritely saith. Full many men and women lying In abject want ire slowly dying- Hut suicide's'so mortifying. Be decent, please, and go and starve todg| The administration of the Public ServiceAi applied to the officers of the Parliaments! ments not giving exactly the desired is no time was lost in passing the "0 Parliament Act," which transferred pal the Legislative Council to the Preside.., Legislative Assembly to the Speaker, and(1 Library to the Library Committee, etc. Bilif very short trial it is extremely doubtful AS will realise the success anticipated. He! Service Board was a triumvirate which didiiL general joy, but in the President and Speaker! are now two individual despotisms,for it isnj that each could just do as lie liked. One it first proceedings under the Act was a sum move of the President of the Council to j longer lease of official life to t he Clerk ij Parliaments, who is nearer to beinganoctq than sextenarian. Two other clevermo made at the Instigation of the sueceaafol o uariau, one being a failure and the other flitM but the most extraordinary dodge oi >111 issue of a code of Council regulations, jvlitklj everything as high as the proverbial tin completely places the Department at the i of the Clerk of the Council. This ill under the authority of clause 12 ol tit] which refers to the " duties and discipline*! official's interest. In looking through I s the new rules now before us we cau«i!| bjing struck by the anomalies they present* Department is divided into two braudr clerical and the ushers, though there areor' clerks, and two of thos°, the first and set exempt from the regulations and can domlifi like. From this it will be gathered tbatitj no ghost come froni the grave to tell ub t only a one-clerk clause. Though the is reader's assistants are included in the clem they are improperly done so, becausefbarj are more mechanical than clerical, clerical staff virtually consists of only oneifl most extraordinary want of discrininstioij played in the hours of attendance, whiibw unreasonable than those in force io W penal establishment in the world, because" specified as "from nine o'clock a.m. tos»l as the Legislative Council shall adjoin thereby giving no time whatever for ta®J or supper, for nark ye, the Council in jUPl lias ere thiB been known to sit after twW'l Even under the regulations the unfort»»«l man clerk" could hardly go ooteidefj man." 1 he.Usber'sbranch consisttoljM»| messengers' and a charwoman, (including the latter lady) are from "e« a.m. till all the lights and firesarc out. » Neither can they go out in search of ww Surely whatever cleaning "P there H "j looked after during the day, then wby oow the poor unfortunate woman kept_buw®ij from the first thing in the morning thing at night? Though the rules WJfl good care of the " discipline," tneji^ omit all definitions as to the """"'.J various officers. Such stringent the least of it, are very questionaWVT. when inspired by a man who, wto " j| only up a week, skedaddles off po«t-bw«ja a seaside residence in the regions if WRpr and troubles himself little with what"'", him. It is somewhat eignifioant ; Clerk of the Council shows such a 6"T to bring all the Department under bmM code of regulations has been even a either Legislative Council or Library. 1 