Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of "The Golden Hope," The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Lady Maud," " A Sea Queen," "Jack's Courtship," "The Frozen Pirate," &c.; Chapter XXVII.— I SHOOT THE BELL- RINGER. Indeed, this mysterious midnight bellringing was a puzzle that presently threatened to render the island solitude desperately uncomfortable whilst the sun was up, and absolutely hideous when he had gone down. It was time it was dealt with some way or other. A few more such nights as the two we had passed might play havoc with Miss Grant's nerves; and our loneliness and helplessness were already so extreme that one felt it might presently go hard with one's brain if the paralysing conditions or being marooned were to be sup- plemented by an element of mystery nicely calculated to finish off in the intellect the work which grief, suffer- ing, and despair had begun. So when the morning came I slipped away for a plunge, feeling the need of a refreshment of that kind, after lying long in my clothes upon the powdery dust of my sandy couch ; then returning, and asking Miss Grant to spread a little breakfast for us meanwhile, I clapped my pistols into my pocket, and plunged into the wood. I steered a pretty straight course for the bell, looking earnestly about me as I thrust my way along; and when I arrived at it I stood surveying it for several minutes, wondering if the problem of the ringing was to be solved by an explanation that should be ridiculous for its simplicity when hit upon. But not the ghost of a solution offered. No ; some hand — man's, beast's, or ghost's — must have rung the thing. I touched it, and it swung so heavily and stiffly that it was impossible any bird, even the biggest on the island, slighting, could have swayed it to the emission of a single chime. I peered curiously at the adjacent trees, but witnessed no sort of hollow in which anything of bulk could hide itself. I stared searchingly round for mark of human or any other tread, for hint of subter- ranean habitation, for any sign, in short, to resolve me this bewildering mystery ; but the scene, to as far as I could see, was as bare of such suggestion as I sought as the bell itself. I considered for a minute whether I should return for a musket and beat down the green and mouldering frame, but on peering close at the bell I observed that it was suspended to an iron hook in the gallows-like beam. This gave me an idea, and putting my hands to -the bell I lifted it off its hook and placed it upon the ground. 'Twas a tolerably heavy piece of metal, though not so weighty but that I could easily carry it. There has been so little change for cen- turies in the fashion of bells that no man could have told how old this one was by the look of it. No doubt I was reckoning it to have been a ship's bell. Its sonorous notes may have been reverberated in its time by the long-ago- vanished timbers of a carrack, or some tall ship belonging to old Spain or England. I was for letting it lie, but thought, no ! for the thing that hammered it last night may have sense enough to sling it afresh and worry us as before ; so I seized hold of it and succeeded in staggering with it painfully out of the wood, the thing occasionally tolling in a very melancholy way to the swaying of my figure as I lurched through the knee-high tangle. I suc- ceeded in lugging it to where our luggage was, and sat down hot as fire and pretty nearly spent. "There," said I, "if the bellringer has a mind to enjoy himself to-night, he'll have to show, himself, and if he does I'll pot him, if I never forgive myself for his murder afterwards." "One wants to know the cause, " she returned, peer- ing at the bell much as she had at the mattress when I told her 1 believed it moved ; "this is the effect only. The mystery will remain the same although the bell may not ring " "May not ! Should there be any further ringing to night," said I, " I vow to steadfastly believe in ghosts for the rest of my life. As for the mystery, what we want is to be able to sleep when we lie down. It will be nothing to me what made the noise, providing we don't hear it. Of course the puzzle is a supreme one, but that need not signify. We shall be sailing away before long, please God, and it will be something for us to be able to boast about in such an age as this that the villains of the Iron Crown marooned us on an enchanted island." She looked pale and worn, her eyes were listless; but this might have been owing to want of sleep, and to the harassment of fretful semi-superstitious thoughts ; yet the set of her beautiful mouth showed a spirit of reso- lution stanch in her still. The refreshment that was to be obtained by privacy I felt would help her, and I resolved to devote the morning to conveying her luggage to the inner chamber, to suspending her hammock, and to isolating the little room by draping the door that led to it. Speaking from experience, I know that the misery of such a situation as ours is to be lightened not a little by the comfort of a shift of garments, by a plunge in the blue water, and the like. Robinson Crusoe dwells at large upon the sweetness of the feel of a clean shirt. It looks but a light stroke, yet it is as deep a touch in its way as any of the best of the others in which Defoe's marvellous romance abounds. After breakfast I climbed with her to the summit of the little hill. It was all bare sapphire sea, streaked here and there with long shining curves like a running of quicksilver on the surface. The sky was brilliantly blue and cloudless, the wind a faint, parched draught from the north-east ; the bite of the sun upon the ex- posed flesh was as though his beam touched the skin through a burning-glass. It was insupportable, and we descended the hummock, my companion pale and silent, I sick at heart ; for though I had not dared hope to see anything, yet the fulfilment of such an expectation as this brings a rage and grief with it, as of madness almost, with every recurrence, though you should look for a ship fifty times a day, and always be sure in your soul belore lifting your eyes that you will see nothing. "Can it be possible," exclaimed Miss Grant, "that no ship ever passes within sight of this island?" "Don't let us think that," said I, "for a long time yet, at all events. We only came ashore here the day before yesterday. The speck that floated last night on the rim of the moonlight might have been a sail. This island lies very low, and there is plenty of ocean beyond the line of it all round us, so that a vessel might be within four or five leagues of us without seeing this Cay or we her.' " But there is land down in the west, Mr. Mus- grave?" "Yes, the film of it, so the men said, was visible from the Iron Crown's cross-trees." " Then," said she, "that stretch of water yonder must be a passage between this island and the land there ; so that a sail ought to be visible now and again." "The mischief lies," cried I, "in my not knowing where we are. Those days of thick weather, with a head wind and some sort of current of which I knew nothing, threw me all adrift ; not to mention old Broadwater's chronometer, which in my opinion just ticked close enough to Greenwich time to tell him when the hour for another glass of grog had came round. Of course, this island is one of the Bahamas. There is sure to be shipping hereabouts, making for the West Indies, or the Panama or the Mexican seaboards, or steering eastwards for European ports. We must be content to go on waiting and hoping. We have the materials ready stocked for a great smoke, and he knows but that before even sundown to- day we may be safe on board some craft, bound to a port whence we may easily make our way to Rio? This was a fancy to put a little light into her face. "I suppose," she exclaimed suddenly, with a slanting glance at me as though she could not summon courage to look at me fully, " you would never again undertake to escort a girl to her sweetheart ?" "Why should 1?" I answered, wondering at the meaning of the very faint smile that hovered airily as a shadow about the beauty of her lips. "It is thankless work, after all." "Indeed, you may say that," she exclaimed. "Oh, understand me. I don't mind the horrors of a mutineering experience, or of being marooned. No, there may be a companionship sweet enough to neutralise the direst conditions. I mean, 'tis going through a very great deal, you know, to oblige another." "Poor dear Alexander," she cried, "he will feel obliged, I know ; at least — " she paused suddenly, with a reining in of her speech that made her cheeks flush somewhat to the effort. She struggled with an instant's confusion of mind, and then asked me calmly what I proposed to co t tat day, and what help she could be to me ; but I saw in her eyes that she was still under the surprise of the -thought whose utterance she had narrowly arrested. I could have sworn that she had only just saved herself from saying something which she would rather have bitten her tongue in halves than express. I looked at her again for a moment or two before answering ; she was gazing seawards, as though the question she had this instant put was gone from her memory. Something in her manner — a subtlety as indeterminable as the aromas floating into the hot still air out of the hearts of the thousand secret and name- less flowers scattered throughout the island— quickened my breathing; till I broke with a start from a fancy that might have held me profoundly meditative for the rest of the day, and told her what I meant to do. "But is there nothing for me ?" she inquired, bring- ing her eyes to mine, though I seemed to miss the peculiar, familiar steadfastness that I had again and again found as fascinating as it was perplexing. "Can you cook, Miss Grant?" She clasped her hands, sank her head with a little shake of it, and said, "Not nicely, I fear." I said, ''You will not mind trying your hand at a dish of turtle-soup ?" "How is it made?" "Why," said I, "by boiling the meat, I suppose. It will be something to do. Then then are those craw- fish. I'll make a start by lighting the kitchen fire." I forthwith fell to work to collect a quantity of wood, which I carried to the furnace, where it was soon blazing merrily, with the thin blue smoke of it pass- ing fairly out through the skylights, which I took care to open to their fullest extent ; so that though at the start the smoke set me coughing a bit, the atmosphere all round the spiral volume was presently clear enough to enable me to breathe without inconvenience. Indeed, I learnt from this subterranean kitchen how our fore- fathers had managed without chimneys, a matter that must have puzzled me all my life had I not observed how this smoke, going straight and clean to the roof, formed a cloud there that drained away through the skylight as cleverly as if its vehicle had been a smoke stack. I then filled the vessels we had discovered in the cave with fresh water, and put on a big saucepan- ful to boil. 'Twas roasting work, what with the fire inside and the sun out, and I had to strip to my shirt and trousers, with a big straw hat for the protection of my head, though there were several times even then when I came very near to fainting. Meanwhile, to make sure of something to eat, I popped half-a-dozen of the crawfish into the saucepan, and then, knife in hand, went down to the turtle ; but was a very long while indeed coming at the inside of it. It was like jobbing at a man in armour ; but the secret dawned upon me after many experiments, though 1 confess I never fell to any work that was more distasteful to me in my life. That the sun might not corrupt my turtle, I dragged it, at the expense of many groans and much perspiration, to the entrance of the underground rooms, down which I tumbled with it as though marooning had converted me into a sort of ant ; and indeed I felt like one, I can assure you, as I painfully dragged my prey to the hole and staggered with it into subterranean gloom. I see now with the eye of memory the stately and beautiful figure of Miss Grant stepping from the fur- nace, as I call it, after a peep at the humming sauce- pan, to the short length of passage for the cool of the shadow, though there was no breath of air to descend. I had left her at work when I went on one of my errands to the brook, or to the turtle, habited in her long dress, the clinging folds of which, with a yard long measure of it trailing astern, I saw must bother her presently, and I looked forward to the pleasure of helping her pin her gown clear of her feet ; but on my return I found that she had divested herself of the dress, and that her attire now was an under-skirt of brilliant hues. I imagined she had changed her gown, so ignorant was I of the mysteries of ladies' apparel, and thought that never could any sort of female garb more gracefully harmonise with any particular kind of beauty than did this short, richly-coloured frock, as I supposed it, with the fine form of Miss Grant. I've heard it said that the Spanish are the only ladies in the world who can walk : all others waddle, glide, amble, do anything in short but step with a proper sort of grace. I might believe this after recalling the gait of the ladies I have known, and contrasting them with Miss Amelia's— another maternal legacy, no doubt, as I might suppose now that there was sufficient dis- closure of her movements to enable me to appreciate the perfection of their freedom and their inimitable, easy, gentle dignity. She had removed her hat ; the furnace flames tinctured her soft hair with their yellow hue ; and in the subdued shadowing of the room her eyes looked to have recovered their earlier brilliance. Her arms were bare, to the elbow — limbs of moulded ivory. I stood at gaze for some moments, as startled by this new revelation of her charms as I had been on the day when I had first met her. I know this dwelling upon a girl's perfections in the face of the acres of paper whieh have been covered again and again with like accounts is but poor work, and can but make tire some reading ; but one is not often marooned with such a woman as Aurelia Grant, and seeing even then how it was with me. in my thoughts of her, I ought to be forgiven for this trick of pulling out her likeness, and asking you just to look at it once more. By noon 1 had managed to transport the luggage to our underground home, lightening the burthen of the larger boxes by conveying parcels and bundles of their contents in my arms. I also took care to bring the bell along and place it in the kitchen, on the left of the entrance, where it was out of the road ; and it will be strange, thought I, as I gave it a benedictory kick, if anything resembling this blessed thing torments us again to-night. My next business was to drape the entrance of the room that Miss Grant was to occupy. I had slung her hammock, spread rugs to serve as a carpet, and put a couple of high-backed chairs into the apartment ; so that with the boxes convenient to her hand, and the sunshine streaming fair upon the sky light, and flooding the atmosphere with its radiance, whilst the tropic perfumes floating heavy and languid above came sifting down to sweeten the air, as though you should have wafted a nosegay of flowers there, the odd, earthy chamber looked positively habitable. The entrance was low, and a single shawl effectually served as a curtain. "Yonder turtle-shell," said I, pointing to the crea- ture I had killed, "when cleaned out and purified will make an excellent hand-basin. You have a looking glass, and all other toilet requisites, as the hairdressers call the things. As matters are, Miss Grant, we might be worse off. Better surely this roof than the two trees 'twixt which your hammock swung. Confess now that you have no longer any reluctance in taking up your abode here?" She smiled, casting her eyes over the room with a glance at the skylight ; and I observed the tremble of just a little faltering of resolution, so to speak, in the delicate pout of her under-lip. '' I have one small misgiving," she answered. "What is it ?" I asked. "Suppose there should be a man on this island." " Well ?" "You don't believe there is ; but somebody must have rung the bell." "And supposing there should be a man?" said I. She shot another glance at the skylight, and an- swered, "He might shut us up down here." "How?" I asked. "Why, Mr. Musgrave, by closing the skylights, and covering them with sand, and then putting the cover on to the opening, and piling sand on that too." "Well," said I, smiling, for my mind had long since got rid of the fancy that there might be a man some- where hidden, though, as I admit, the midnight ring- ing was all the darker as a puzzle to me for that very notion, "there is but one way of checkmating the skulking rogue, assuming him to be of flesh and blood, and I'll attend to it immediately lest it should escape me, and mounting to the open, armed with one of the old muskets, I hammered at the hatch-cover until it lay before me in several pieces. These I carried one by one below, for the hatch was not to have been squeezed through the opening in its entirety, and stowed the fragments hard by the bell. "Now," said I, "your friend the ringer may indeed close the skylights, but it will put him to his trumps to cover that entrance. Think — there is nothing on the island that would serve him for such a purpose, unless he should cut down a tree, and whittle out a baulk of it as a cork for that mouth. No, Miss Grant, little risk I think of our being buried alive.' My talk and the knocking to pieces of the hatch cover reassured her, and as we might hope now that our turtle broth had been boiling long enough, we pre- pared the little rustic table for dinner, and put on it a bottle of wine, a few biscuits, the remains of a tin of meat, the cooked crawfish, along with a big bunch of plantains 1 had cut after bathing . But, alas ! we had but one knife between us, no forks, spoons, nor plates. How then, were we to ladle up the soup ! Hitherto we had eaten with our fingers, and drunk from a meat-tin ; but the broth demanded an effort of ingenuity. "I have it," I exclaimed, and stepping into the sunshine I made my way to the beach, where, collect- ing an armful of shells, big and little, I carried them to the brook, thoroughly cleansed them of the sand and salt, and returned with them to the kitchen. Better soup-plates than the large shells made we could not have desired, and the smaller shells made excellent spoons. How the soup relished it boots not to say. Wanting salt, herbs, and the like, it lacked perhaps the savouriness that a city alderman is accustomed to meet with in a potage of turtle, but the meat proved juicy, and the liquor grateful enough in its way; and though, to be sure, it was a sort of mess that I could not look at now, I swallowed it then with enjoyment and appetite, giving secret thanks to Heaven that there was plenty more of it. It is quite likely that any Jack coming ashore to peer about, discovering these underground rooms, and looking down into them, might have taken Miss Grant and myself for a corsair and his leman. The rich dyes of her peticoat made her apparel romantic to the eye, and the poetic suggestivenes (sic) of her attire was heigh- tened yet by the free graces of her roughened hair, and her fair and most shapely arms bare to the elbow. I, habited in shirt and trousers, needed but a red sash round about my loins to present a very fair copy of a pirate. It was entirely in keeping, too, that we should appear as though we were feasting, and the picture, would have been faithful enough, 1 doubt not, to the liveliest imagination, of a piratical lair, coloured as it was with details of aged muskets and cutlasses, the venerable cooking utensils, the two century-old chairs, the queer, aged, straddling table at which we sat, if, instead of lifting shells to our lips, my lovely companion and I had been able to pledge each other in cool, sparkling draughts from richly-chased goblets of pre- cious metal. In truth, what the picture wanted to complete it was a hint of plunder. Miss Grant's sparkling rings were but a meagre intimation in that way. You would have looked for a golden candle stick or two, a silver crucifix, a sack in a corner bulged into a glittering yawn at the mouth by the pieces of eight which filled it. "This is a sort of experience, " said I, " which a man should need to be very young indeed to enjoy. One should be quite a little boy to think it fine. Yet I am realising the dreams of millions of small lads. To think of being all alone with a beautiful lady upon an unin- habited island— to live in a cave that in bygone years resounded the revelry of the sea-robbers again and again— to have within arm's-reach several of the exact sort of muskets which Crusoe carried on his shoulder— to live upon turtle and plantains, with the delightful prospect of having some day to fell a tree and scoop out a canoe— oh ! the bliss to countless small boys of such realisation. What spasms of envy would thrill through the schools of Great Britain were the young friends of the old Whackums to learn that at this moment there was a young gentleman in company with a young lady living in a pirate's cave in an island hard by the Spanish Main." "I am afraid school-boys would not envy you quite so much as you think," said she ; "they do not value ladies' society either in books or in life. To be cast away with a beautiful female— to be marooned even with a lovely princess, and live all alone with her in a cave—" She shook her head, laughing quietly. " No, Mr. Musgrave, if I know boys at all, they would not thank you for such an experience. Give them guns and canoes and pirates' caves, with plenty of oranges ; but no girls, if you please." "It is strange that little boys should ever make men," said I, going to my coat for a sheroot. " I am not very old myself, yet I find it difficult to believe that I could ever have been younger than 16. Would to heaven that the light and colour and fancy of child- hood attended us to the end. 'Tis miserable to have to sail out of a glowing horizon into the grey of the middle sea, and thence onwards yet to gloom. It is Byron, I think, who asks who would not be a boy again. Not I, for one, unless I could remain so. If a man has to turn out, it is better he should get up at once and have done with it. I love a sweet dream as fondly as any, but since the awakening is inevitable, don't delay it, say I ; and then let the vision pass away for good. Who would live again through a mere phantasy, knowing it to be such ? For those who incline that way we build lunatic asylums. No, I wouldn't be a boy again. The opening of one's eyes upon the reality don't make it worth while, as the tailor says when you offer him less for his coat than he can cut it for." She listened to me with her cheek resting in her hand, her figure inclined, the swell of it methought gathering a particular beauty from the white of the arm on which her head reposed, her dark eyes fixed on mine with a hint of mingled merriment and puzzled inquiry in their serene scrutiny. But when I ceased she changed her posture, removed her eyes, and with a careless look around, said almost abruptly, as though the shift of mood in her was an effort rather than un- conscious transition, " How are we to get away from this island, Mr. Musgrave ? You have been a sailor — is there no remedy for people in our situation? I wonder what Alexander would suggest if he were here." I lighted my cheroot stolidly. There seemed to me something insincere, though I protest 1 don't know why I should have thought so, in her speaking of my cousin at that moment. I eyed her in silence a minute and then said, "I believe if Alexander were here he would take my view of our condition. There are plenty of trees, but we have no tools. Had we a chopper we might fell a trunk, and in the course of months, per- haps years, succeed in hacking and hewing the timber into the shape of a canoe. But then how to launch it ? The trunk of a tree, even when shaped into a canoe, is not to be whipped under the arm as though it were the model of a boat, and carried to the water. I think if Alexander were here, Miss Grant, he would agree with me that our one chance lies in our making our presence known to a passing vessel; which reminds me," said I, rising and looking at my watch, " that it is about time I should take a peep seawards, for it will be some hours now since I visited the hummock." I was walking to the steps. " You do not ask me to join you," said she. I turned and noted a look in her, half wistful, half amused. "Do pray, join me," I cried; "I was afraid that the heat—" "No," she interrupted; "I expect there will be nothing to see." I smiled at the coquettish feigning of gentle resentment in her manner of drawing aside the shawl that screened her room. She disappeared, closing the drapery afresh, and I climbed through the opening into the sunshine. My hat was wide-brimmed like that of a southern planter. It sheltered me as effectually as an umbrella, and under the shadow of it I paced leisurely towards the hummock, but puffing perhaps with unnecessary energy at my cigar, to certain thoughts of Miss Grant which rose in me as advanced. "Pooh ! " thought I, "what a madman must I be, situated as we are, to think of anything under this wide blue sky but our deliverance, and how to effect it." It chanced just then that, my eyes happening to turn towards the scattering of trees which came thinning out of the mass of the forest round to that part of the sand where I had met with the iron ring of the batch, I spied, or seemed to spy, a human face peering at me from the midst of a huddle of leaves big enough to serve for the foliage of a cotton-tree. I stopped dead like a man transfixed, the cigar I was about to raise to my lips arrested midway, as though my arm had suddenly been blasted. The light rained in a blue dazzle betwixt me and the heavily-leafed bough, and the glare of it obliged me to blink, that on looking again I might make sure. Yet when I stared afresh the face was gone. I hollowed my hands into the form of a bin- ocular glass to shelter and strengthen my sight, and gazed again, but there was nothing to be seen saving the surface of green leaves which seemed to arch the solid bough they draped, as though each was of the weight of a giant banana. It seemed incredible that I should have been mistaken. The vision, if it were nothing more substantial, had been that of a swarthy face with white whiskers, and eyes that might have been of a reddish tinge, glittering under shaggy white eye-brows. I listened, but nothing was audible save the humming, chirruping, and whistling, which swelled to the ear like the commingling of the notes of a bagpipe with the vibratory hum of a church organ. All was stirless in the tree, though I watched it attentively. I had left my pistols in the kitchen, as I must call it, or I should certainly let fly at the branch, and taken my chance of a murdered man falling out of the foliage of it. Still thinking it impossible that my sight could have been deceived, I walked briskly towards the tree, and looking upwards searched it as penetratingly as the greenery would permit ; then seeing nothing saving a paroquet or two, I walked a little further towards the forest, still gazing upwards, but nothing answering in the least imaginable degree to the object, rea1 or imaginary, that had confounded me, met my eye. I again strained my sight, sending glance after glance around, then returned to the open, and proceeded towards the hummock, satisfied that what I had beheld was a deceit of the imagination, though this notion did not help to soothe my secret perturbation. Unless the man actually lived inside the trunk of the tree out of whose leaves he had peered, 'twas impos- sible if he were human to have escaped the searching gaze I had directed at the intermingling of boughs. I said to myself it was some illusion of the sight, some fantastic creation wrought by the trembling flash of the sand and the wide blue brilliance of heaven and ocean upon the ball of the eye. And yet it was an apparation, too, to so fit; the bewildering enigma of the bell-ringing, that, spite of my declaring to myself it was fancy, I was as uneasy as if I had been sure it was real. However, on reaching the hummock my thoughts underwent a sudden and. violent change, for on glanc- ing leisurely along the sealine, thinking of nothing but the man's face in the tree, I caught sight of a ship's canvas down in the south, like the point of a sea-fowl's pinion, projecting white as foam and lustrous as pearl above the horizon. I clapped my hands with the sudden transport the sight awakened in me, and with- out pausing to consider the distance at which the craft hung I set fire to the pile of faggots. There was but the mildest breathing of air. The wood took some time to kindle, and then the smoke, darkening and fat- tening out in thickness to the green coating of grass and leaves with which I had covered the faggots, went nobly straight up to a great height— a grand signal indeed, as I thought, where it lazily arched over plume- like and floated softly into the east. I stood watching for upwards of three-quarters of an hour, with my eyes thirsting for a sign of the growth of the sail, staring with such tormenting intensity that again and again the vast plain of sea brimming out to the brassy azure of the sky, steeping to it, streaked with the silver lines of currents and turquoise-coloured swathes, winding and dilating and melting into the richer hue of brine, would start as if to 6pin with gathering speed round and round, and I had to blind my sight with my hands to check the mighty waltz, the first reel of which was as sickening as a swoon to the brain. I was alone, and exerted but little judgment, or I might have guessed that on that stagnant surface the sail must hover for hours apparently motionless. Yet it was certain that she had hove in sight since the morning, that is to say, since I had last viewed the sea, and either a faint breeze of wind had brought her to where she was, or she was a small vessel stemming the water to the propulsion of her sweeps or long oars. The fire was burnt out; the smoke drained dimly, into the air off the smouldering embers, and was of no more use as a signal than the flourish of a handker- chief. Then, after waiting a little while, and watching as intently as the heat and glare of the giddy atmo- sphere, swimming to the sea from the dazzling brass of the heavens, would suffer, I could no longer doubt that the distant vessel was drawing down the slope into the south-west, whence, as there was no wind to propel her, it was certain that she was being urged by oars. In that case she would probably be some small-drogher or coasting craft. My disappointment was not be bitter as I should have expected to find in me at sight of a ship lingering long enough to wildly tantalise hope, and then tardily melt- ing out of view. Maybe I found a large stroke of comfort in the very vision of her, for now I might suppose that the speck we had seen in the wake of moonshine last night, and taken to be a deception of the fancy, was a real ship after all ; so that with yonder one we might gay that two sail had hove, in near upon twelve hours, within reach of our eves, even from the very low elevation we occupied. This was as good as understanding that the sea round about us was navigable water, that the ocean betwixt its and the film of land away down west might be a sort of highway, as Miss Grant had suggested, and that therefore a ship might at any hour pass close enough to our little prin- cipality of crickets and parrots to catch eight of our smoke and send a boat. So, not very greatly dis- heartened, I sent another look at the pearl-like frag- ment in the south, and making sure now by the airy blending of it with the azure that the craft was head ing away and would be out of sight presently, I descended the little hill, purposing when the cool of the evening came to build up another fire ready to signal with. As I approached our secret chambers, Miss Grant came out of the opening. It was the strangest sight in the world to see her rising, as it were, out of the earth ; that was the impression you got from the flat of the sand. It put a fancy into me of the resurrection of the body, followed on by a daintier imagination of Venus shaping white out of the foam — though the girl's apparel was a little in the way of that idea. You saw nothing of the grave-like hollow, merely the figure of the beautiful girl that seemed to float up out of the blinding silver of the sand. Her apparition in this way was as sweet a surprise as could fascinate the eye. She had changed her attire, robed herself in a white gown, dressed her hair afresh, heaping it on her head, with a wide straw hat tilted on it like a picture of a beauty in George III's day. "You have been a long while watching the sea, Mr. Musgrave," she exclaimed, smiling as if to the surprise and admiration with which I regarded her. "I have been endeavouring to signal a ship," said I. "A ship!" she cried, approaching me close, and staring at me. "Yes," I answered; "she will have faded out by this time like the smoke of my fire. But no matter. The sight of her is a warrant of more to follow. All I have to do is to keep a bright look-out. We shall be rescued yet, and soon, depend on it." We strolled together to the shadow of the trees where our camp-stools were, and seated ourselves. For a long time she talked of nothing but the ship, and I could see, by the flush in her cheeks and the gathering light in her eyes, how useful to her spirits was the hope that my news of having sighted a vessel had brought with it. " We ought to feel grateful to the crew of the Iron Crown," said she, " for having sent our luggage with us. Oh, Mr. Musgrave, how am I to express.= the refreshment of a complete change of apparel ? It robs the island of half its terrors." "Rather lucky," said I, dryly, "that I kicked up that iron ring, though it cost me a sprawl. Is not the privacy of a bed-chamber in such a place as this almost as nice as a change of clothes ?" "Well, 1 didn't like the idea, I confess," she replied, with a pretty shake of the head. " I don't like it much yet, I admit. Those tomb-like rooms are very well in the day ; but when the long dark night comes !'' she added with a light shiver. At this I involuntarily turned my eyes towards the forest, with a glance up aloft and at the trees beyond, thinking of the demoniacal old white-whiskeredf ace, with its cairngorm eyes brilliant in the midst of its swarthy countenance, that had seemed to peer at me awhile gone. But I would not even hint at the possibility of such an apparition. I was still inclined to reckon it a mere fancy ; besides, I knew that even though 1 should vaguely refer to it as some optical delusion occasioned by a fantastic writhe of the leaves to the folds of the hot blue air between, sleep would be murdered for her that night. Nevertheless, I made up my mind whilst the sun was still high to put my pistols in my pockets and search tbe htt'e forest afresh ; for, to speak honestly, the memory of the swart malignant counte- nance coining into my mind again rendered me secretly very uneasy, and I felt when the night drew down and I was at rest in the profound stillnes (sic) of the under- ground kitchen, that I should regret not having made again a careful investigation of the wood. I got up saying, "I'll just take another walk through those trees, Miss Grant. I want to satisfy myself that there is not a second bell hidden somewhere in the green thickness. It would be insupportable, you know, to be awakened by a new kind of chiming to night." "Why should you imagine there is a second bell ?" she asked with her eyes seeming to enlarge to the very thought of it. "I don't imagine there is," said I, "but no harm can (sic) follow another look round; besides,"I added, smiling, "I might chance upon the fellow that has troubled us for the past two nights, so that even should we be unable to hang him before sundown, we might seize him to one of those trees as Broadwater seized the half-blood to the foremast, and go to our rest without apprehension of being corked up." I laughed out to let her suppose that I talked for talk's take only, and fetching my pistols made for the forest, taking the road into it past the tree in which I had seen the real or imagined face, waving my hand to her as I strode into the shadow. And a shadow it was when you penetrated into the thick of the trees, coming as you did from the sultry whiteness of sand, and the hot radient of the sun wrinkled deep up at the sky that opened and contracted its atmospheric folds of sapphire as it seemed — a shadow cool, dark, green, and as slumberous a spot as one could have pictured, with its sombre, pillar-like trunks of trees rising out of the stillness of the tall and prickly undergrowth into the cathedral hush of the gloomy density of boughs and leaves, but for the incessant splitting of the silence by the cries, whistlings, and croakings, as familiar now to my ear as the twitter of the London sparrow, or by the airy disturbance of the plumes and pinions of birds rustling on the wing with a sound as of the rending of satin as they sailed from one tree to another, brushing the foliage as they flew. The direction I was unconsciously following brought me, with some painful thrusting of my legs — for in places the tangle was as hard and stubborn as a fence to the spot where the gallows-looking frame from which I had unhooked the bell stood. It was scarce within view of me when I caught sight of a large hat placed exactly over the hook from which the bell had depended. I looked and looked, greatly amazed, and, let me frankly own, with a mind for some moments not a little dis- ordered by consternation. I was of course as sure that I lived that no hat was upon the frame when I had unhung the bell. I stared nervously around me, mechanically drawing a pistol from my pocket, and looking first into one twilight avenue and then into another, then gazing narrowly at the herbage round about, afterwards staring overhead, listening mean- while intently. I approached the hat by a step and inspected it. It was such a piece of headgear as might have been washed up by the sea. I raised my hand and pulled it down, but instantly dropped it, for it was horribly clammy and cold, and made you think, from the sensation you got from it, of groping in the dark and stroking down a dead man's face. It was apparently a felt hat that had once been black, but it was now green and bronzed with time and wet. It was very broad-brimmed, with a sort of sugar-loaf crown ; much such a sort of hat indeed as the boys clap upon Guy Fawkes's head when they carry 'him off to the stake. I turned it over with; my foot to see what the inside of it looked like, but it had long since been divorced from any lining that may have garnished it in its heyday. It was old enough, indeed, both in fashion and aspect to have belonged to one of the people who had dug out and used the underground chambers. But who or what since the morning had placed it upon that bell-frame ? It gave me a kind of shrinking feeling, I can tell you, to think that there might be human eyes watching me out of some of those green dyes of shadow roundabout, and as I stood there I never knew from instant to instant but that the flame of a firearm would leap from behind a tree, or an arrow sling past my ear. The sight of this hat convinced me that I had not been mistaken in supposing the wild, grotesque face I had caught a glimpse of to be that of a man. Miss Grant was right. There must be one or more human crea- tures in hiding here. The bell could not ring itself; the hat had been brought from a distance— I must certainly have seen it when I first explored this place, and stood looking from the scaffold to the grass far as my sight could follow it ; I say, the old hat had been brought here and placed upon the frame, and if this did not signify human agency, then it was not to be accounted for but by supposing the devil himself to be at large upon the island. I was startled, astonished, alarmed, as I believe any man would have been ; but I was re- solved, nevertheless, not to quit the wood without a further good hunt, and so pushed on, pausing inces- santly to listen and look, to kick at some suspicious huddle of huge blades of aloelike growth, to stare into the trees, or to fight my way to some trunk looming with a yawn in it in the twilight so as to make one suppose it hollow. But to no purpose. I believe there was no part of that I did not traverse, and in all I spent a full hour in making the rounds of it ; but not the least hint of anything approaching humanity did I see. The puzzle was so supreme as to depress my spirits by the heaviness of the perplexity it excited; but I made up my mind to say nothing about the hat to Miss Grant. I was now as convinced as she that there were more people than ourselves on this island, though but one more only, and I believed that it was his face I had seen amongst the leaves. All sorts of wild notions occurred to me as I staggeringly made my way out of that little forest. It had been the face of an old man. Was the bellringer some aged pirate who had gone mad and wandered about the place, living upon such fruit and herbs as he could grub up, grown expert in the art of climbing trees, and secreting himself by such years of practice as had enabled Selkirk to hunt the goat more fleetly than the goat itself could run, using the spread- ing branch for his bedroom through not having intellect enough to hunt after and dig out the sand-covered portals of his subterranean home? Or, thought I, is it conceivable that there are such things as spirits ?— that the old navigators' fables about demon-haunted islands are not the lies which our scientific age protests them to be ? Upon my word, thought I, as I broke my way along with a nervous glance over my shoulders, how many weeks, nay, how many days of marooning go to the addling of the most healthy brains ? "What have you seen, Mr. Musgrave?" asked Miss Grant, as I approached her. "Just a parrot or two," said I. '' You have been a long while watching them," said she, eying me so attentively that I feared she would find in my face some small signs of the astonishment and misgivings which filled my mind. "Oh," I exclaimed carelessly, " the farest is dark, as you know, and a sheer maze in its way, with spots where the high guinea grass leans to you tough and piercing as a crop of bayonets. I was resolved to hunt the place through and through, a thing not to be done in ten minutes. Now, Miss Grant," I went on, with a glance at my watch , " suppose we go to tea, as I must call ? the meal — though for a real homely cup of tea just now, served up with buttered toast and a new-laid egg, with a plateful of watercress, I'd part with every inch of turtle betwixt the shells I opened this morning. Heaven bless us all, to what weak desires will marooning reduce a man!" ? I had to build up the beacon fire again that evening, and when we had made a meal off some cold turtle and plantains, a sweet biscuit or two, and a shellful of sherry, and water fresh and cool from the brook— a sort of incipient sangareee (sic) — I fell to collecting as much wood as would go to the making of a great smoke, but the sun had been sunk some time before I had slacked and got ready, the pile for firing. When I had made an end of this, I gathered a quantity of grass and leaves, and took the heap to the kitchen to serve me for a mattress by and by. Again and again I looked at the ocean, but it always stretched out blank, without a tip of cloud even to quicken the pulse for an instant with the fancy of a sail. As the evening darkened into night, with the moon rising slow and red directly in the lace of us, where the eastern sea, black as ink, washed to the huge dull gold shield of the sulky- looking planet, as though the orb was some glorified head of land against whose very face the deep brimmed without a ripple of breaker, the disquietude raised in Miss Grant by the prospect of a night under- ground increased in her. I felt her uneasiness rather than ? gathered it from her speech ; but it would have been unkind to us both to humour her — a mere provoking, in short, of some wretched tropic distemper— to sling her hammock between the trees again, and to make my bed among the land-crabs. Indeed, though to be sure we had passed two nights safely in the open, the memory of the ugly glimmering face amongst the leaves, along with the odd and astonishing sign of the hat, would have rendered the obligation of sleeping out here again very disagreeable to me, I can assure you. Why, it was only necessary to fancy that there was a man on the island to suspect that he might cut our throats if we gave him the chance. Underground, at all events, we should feel tolerably secure, by which I mean that the courage that would bring the wild creature, whoever he was, to the side of a girl motionless in a hammock, or to a man slumbering peacefully on the sand, with his figure clean cut on the face of the coral dust as though it were an inlaying of jet, and a very visible mark therefore for the assassin's knife — I say, the courage of the mysterious creature might fail him when it came to his having to seek us in a dark vault. He knew we were armed, and though he might have a knife or spear, or something of the kind, it was a hundred to one if he had a musket or pistol, or ammunition for it at least. So, to my com- panion's disquiet, obvious in her fits of thoughtful- ness and her uneasy glances towards the cave, showing where her thoughts lay, I seemed to pay no heed. "The night came on very glorious, with the soaring of the moon, the stars thick strewn, just stir enough of night air to send the sweet smells of the dew- washed island flowers lazily floating to us in fold's of aromatic atmosphere, and a delicate seething of surf to blunt the edge of the shrillness of the inland concert. To kill the time, I proposed that we should go and hunt for turtles' eggs, and we went together to the creek, keep- ing a bright lookout for the impress of the tread of the turtle. But though we saw marks in the sand which fairly well resembled the tracks we sought, they led us to nothing. "Perhaps," said I, "the turtle doesn't lay in this month. If I could have foreseen our adventure, I should have read a little in the natural history of this part of the world." We continued our search for some time, probing at the sand ; but if there were any eggs about, they were too cleverly hid for us to come at, so we stepped down to the beach facing the moon, where there was a clear, long, white walk, flat, and but a little less hard than a ship's deck, and paced to and fro for a long while ; though there was no complete surrender of ourselves to each other this night as on former occasions, when she would reflect my mood, or I hers. The fact is she could think of little but the underground bedroom, and I of the hobgoblin face and the old Guy Fawkes hat. Indeed my imagination was so wrought up that twice when glancing towards the forest I could have sworn I saw the shape of a man flit a little way past the two trees where the hammock had swung; for the shadows there were a greenish faintness of dusk with the pour- ing of the moon, and one's sight went a little way into the block of blackness. But the hour came round at last when it was time we should endeavour to take some ?? l rest. Miss Grant reluctantly walked by my side to the entrance, looking down a little into the hatch as though her heart failed her. "Indeed there is nothing to fear," said I. " Oh, but it is like being buried alive," she exclaimed, descending, nevertheless, but with a quickened breath. I lighted one of the wax candles and carried it to the inner room, where, wanting the convenience of a candle- ] stick, I stuck it in the mouth of a bottle, earnestly looking around me to see that all was well. The sky- light lay open. I asked if I should close it. " No," she exclaimed quickly. "But supposing it should come on to rain in the night," said I, "an electric storm say, with a West Indian shower pouring off the edge of it? Besides, the mosquitoes will find their way in." "I must take my chance," she exclaimed. "If that glass were shut, I should feel as if I were buried alive." "Then good-night. May God bless you, and send you refreshing sleep and sweet dreams," said I, bring- ing her cold white hand to my lips. "My bed will be there," I added, pointing to the threshold of her door, " so that literally nothing could enter this room without treading on my body." She glanced at the sky light, and looked at me wist- fully, as though she would have me linger yet. I lifted my hat and quitted the strange chamber, care- fully drawing the curtain after me. (To be continued) 