COLONIZniON SOCISTY. TO TOT! KTilTOIl. Sir— I have read carefully your leading artiole of February 9, and whilst I thank yoa and feel nattered by your expressions of praise I am Borrv you did not give more attention to my scheme, or you might nave Been that it iB even more practicable than that advanced by the gentlemen of note whom yon consider essential to the success of a colonization scheme ; bat I notice that with all the Royal and High Commisaioners, Lord Provosts, and Directors they have provided only for forty families, a feat which might have been performnd with equal BuccesB by any junior land agent in our colony on exactly the same principles— mort- gage and usury. You said ([know with all kindness) speaking of my scheme — ' Ita defects will be the more easily noticed if we contrast it with the efforts of the Crofters' Colonization Society. Here men started on sure bases, with a good foundation both in men, money, and political support. The original idea waa that by means of an arrangement between tbe Imperial Government, the co lonial authorities, and private persona a successful colony of ciofters and cotters from the Western Highlands could be established in Canada. Money was subscribed by phi lantbropists and others. It was supple mented by a small Government grant,''' &o.; ' The duty of the Royal Commissioners.will be to select families from amongst the crofters and to settle them in the Dominion. To thiB end they will advance the settlera a sum sufficient to provide them with homesteads, which will be repayable in instalments.- The repayment will extend over twelve years.'.' Alter a lapse of time 'the settler will be expected to pay annually a certain portion of the loan with low interest added, and at the end of twelve years the land will be his. Until he does the Imparial Government will continue to hold a mortgage over the land.' Let us see wherein this scheme differs from mine in principle and basis. Tbe Crofters' Colonization Society propose that the Imperial and . Colonial Governments and private persons should combine to let croiters and cotter immi grants have land on mortgage on time pay ment with usury, and at the end of twelve years the land becomes theirs ; and these persona are all of one class, to be settled in small communities, and we are not told how forty families are to live in some lonely wilderness. My proposition is that the Imperial and Colonial Governments should combine with private persons to settle immi grants of all trades, callings, and professions in townships and on farma on mortgage on time payment with usury, and at the expira tion of ten yeara the land iB theirs. Where is the defect in my scheme ? The other only reflects mine, and must have been copied from some of my letters to Scotch papers. It is worse than ' Pepper's Ghost.' I think tbe cnntraBt ohows that my scheme is more practical, They provide for peasants only; 1 provide tor men of all trades, callings, and professions. It may not have struck you that there are others beside? Highland peasants who are crowded out aud deserve equal aBBistance. They purpose to settle farms by tenB, increasing producers only ; I purpose to settle both farms and townships by thousands, thereby insreaaing consumers also. You would like to kno v ' the groanda of my expectations that the British Government or an English Syndicate will throw into the concern a capital of £16,CC0,CG0, because British speculators are even now hesitating abont throwing £1,300,000 into South Australian bonds.' The reason assigned by British speculators iB that the population of South Australia ia so amall that in theBe unsettled times there is no security. It is easy to see that my 300,000 added to the population of Australia would reassure them. You can always find money if yoarsecarity is good. The security whioh 1 woald offer for £16,000,000 would be 300 townships or 3,500,000 acres of land populated by 300,000 people; just the double of South Australia. One settler wonld offer as his security an eight-acre block, a township allotment with a little house, and really ten years' labour bestowed on it, to say nothing about the increased value of the land in ten years in a township of 1,000 souls. Not bad security lor £52! Ib there anything very Btartling or romantic in such an arrangement? Is not all South Australia mortgaged up to the eyeB? First to private a?entB, and then by the 'national debt'— over £16,000,000, by the-way. And are you going to drag the country out of thia deplorable Btate of thing9 by some ' tinpot ' schema ? No ! It must be a bold and daring enterprise. I think that with Bach men as can be induced to join the South Australian Colonizition Society we Bhall give aB good an account of ourselves aa the Royal and High Commissioners, Lord Provosts, and Directors of 'The Crofters' Colonization Society.' I am. Sir, &c;, ALFRED HONNER. Pt nonage, February 9. 