Notes by the Way. [Hl A LoaT, Lou'utn..] T'I'm political mtoutilg at the Temolrance 1111H1, on Monday evening, unliko Imauy of its kind, was ia very good-lllourod ono. It is pluasilng toonotic tohis, as oftentimes such oconsions are Imado the channell for collvoy ing Honmo noisy domagoguo's fnlatical ideuas to the public. COnudidaltus wor in profnsion, and from the plorusnt atate of al?iris, it might be fal'ly assiomuod thlat Kiilaol will be replrosunted by a local man in thu now PatdiamoUlnt, o * o Thlu '1tayor was il the ohalir, and I was1 muhol surprised, after hearing 0 ha tlit h pur posedo stadilg for this el11torat, tohat he did not make ia publio doelaralltinl to tihat oll'oot nl M'oday night. tHowever, I bo liHvo lhe stlil ihas nl oyu to bIl.,u.InoS in the Parliamentary line. iMr. Wells surpr'ised 1110 much when h10 a1nnounoed himself II ol anlidato ; but I wasV still furtllr sulpripd-in fact, tcoml letuly II knIockeld out "--wheI Mr. J. T. Co l also mado a like duolarnatn. Mr. Alderman Craig was also montlonod by Mr. Wells-ill error-- whioh caused nucloh amllusonenltll, Mr', Jolhn James gave the mootiIng a lively five minutoeso, tld so8llo very sensible advic. ?Ir. Dynoelk was on his logs and spoke with groat vigour, and I thought at the ti?no he manmoun1od his doteurminlation not to become Ia oadiddate, tlalt h illight have boon roprosonted by many a worse nmn thlan D, L, D., Turnling from the Parliamenotary to the municipal elections, sonie little intorest is likeoly to booe causod in the latter, I under stand tha1t lMr. Alderman LTov will nollt suUk roeoloection; but that our conlpiouout follow townsInal , Mr. , Aynuxa," will bocomno a onndidate. There s11 more truth in this latter assertion 11in many w\ould oredit. What if Mr. Ayn'a gots in 1 I wonder what the result 1 will bo 1? Ortitlnly It would giveo a little " colour" to the Counll moot g1, 8,. We may "look out for squalls." iKula can boast of a ghost, a tram8line, a blowhole, a projetoed hath, and if it. added another attraction in tile 0shnpo of na oloured aldornu,, possibly Mr Edtldy 1|il1ht bo In duced to rlunl tile Saturl'day to Mollndayi ox oursiol oil to Kilnaln, with " perlmlitb to view the spoodalite1s, So Lord Carrinlgto will not be preen' t it the show--this for curtlain, We aroe crtaillly disappointod, but mnust put up with it, Promisos, they any, are mnade to be brokel, Well tllis ito was at anIy rato, Surely Moss Vlloocould hiveo spared his Elxoollelloy frontl its raeos for oeo;. Perhllps, if inlluoenoo were 'tsod, the Coulnol might bU Iprevallod upo1 to lo1d It s locomotive a1d metal tk'uoks, anod ruli i "pool0l " to allid froIm Mlos Vale "for this 111110 only " ill order that the vovernor Illight pay the show it ",llyiitg visit," and mako thoe ao uaintalnce of our boeautiful distrlo en rutlo, . ITheo tolnipor'no ihody, kn1own as t1he Unlited ]3ond lif 11op0 (lhinIa1 ud 1 Ilombh), hltlilanito 1i1ko oveovry lnprovision at. Its re freoslilllunt itall, on the show groudl, for tdobtl;al nli1d otlher visitoirs I bollovo that all rofroshlnentsltHwill bo t(Ihf bost .lallmity, a1d1 sold atb 111n ebnreasonablellI ratos 'T lho pi'ro ooodoi will' he1 devotod-if, thllro ar allny l tillohell payonb of r?t6b of the tMiRion Hall lIt oibo camp1 alsoo to thoe 1hro of oonollosi, for ltheo purpose of oonvoying helploi' front K?Itml, to. and: f;ol tbhe ollaup. It is bnlo gonlorlly knlown tlha soridces are hold in thlis 111in88ollrooln - also Sulnldaty. School lasaons-ovol'y Suniiday aftornlon,l by the Protootanti olergy and oseveral lay helpur's of thie distriot; whilst o110 ovoitng a week 111 ouitlurb'tIlnlnt is provloded for bthIlittloe ones ; and on o a month a soolal gatthorhtg of all who ol1re to alttlend tlrtua plmoo. 'TIhunon lleooltigs, oaloolally tile ]litter, nre always woll atte;ndd., ThIorofore the procoods, of the tolllrllno rofroshmonlt booth will be dovoted to it very doasrvlug objoot; and Is one which 1we hope will be woll 8supplorted., 