THE DAY WILL COME. [Published by special arrangements with the author. All right recived.] CHAPTER XXL-(Continued). BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Vixen," " Ishmael" -Like and Unlike," " The fatal Three," &c.;, &c.; The two young men drove to the Priory on the following day. Theodore painfully eager to discover what change the last few months had made in Jn[?]ta. She had been in Switzerland, with Lady Jane and the tuny: Infos; quietly in one of tboae httla village* oo thatbore* of the lake of the foreit cantons, wh)ch combine tbe picturesque and the doll in • i«muJUblads«M?>-*Bem duster of *a*Mi and cottages at the foot of-the B'igi, faoing the uopQjoMM. bow* of the Ida. and tte calm jrratadeuiof nu?capped nomtaiu. ahottiag in that trantuU corner of the earth and abutting oat. all the bow world beyond it Nowhexe die had Juansta felt that deep aenae ol sedation, that feeling of being recaote froen all the din and preai of lire. And now ahe waa again at the Priory, she h*4 settled down there in her new poaitUa, as widow and mother, * woman f ot whom aU life's passionate story wMonr, wfaoomst five hence forirard for that new life growing day by day towards that distant age of passion and of aonov through which she bid pasted sal deqly aad briefly, crowding into a month the emetions of a lifetime- There are women who hate lived to nrtfihnrfe their golden wedding whi in 60 yean of wedlock hare not fait hall beesnmof love, and who in losing the com panion of half a century baninot felt half her ■nm of grid. It is tbe capacity for lorinff and nifferrnr wtricfa differs, and weighed against that Time counts bat little. rfie received berooiutn with aU her old frank friendliness, but she was a little mm cheerf al tta?wlMniasMbeynMt,andheaaw that the new intwast of her life had done good. L«dy Jane waa at Swanage, and i uaaita m alone at the Priory, though not without the expecta tion of company a little later in the year, as the airters and their husband* were to be with has before tbe let of October, so that the ex peqeee of pheasant-breeding might not be altipether wasted. "Yon moat be here aa nraca aa yon can in October, Theodora," ehe said, " and help me to aunport Mr. Grenville and Mr. Momingside. On i talks nothing but sport, and the other inssta npon teaching me tbe aciance of pojtioa." She received Cathbert Bannay with a aeriona sweetness whioh charmed him. Yet, ahe eras ▼bi ly beeubfnl f r>nn^f women, exceptionally beatatifbl, Those Southern eyei ahoneatadike infce settled pallor of her face, and her whole eontatenanee was cfthereaSaed by thought and grift It touched the stranger to see how abe struggled to pot away the memory of her sorrow and veesive him with all doe hospitality —htow ehe restrained henelf as ehe ahowed bin] the things that had been a part of her deaji busbend1* existence) and told him the atofcoftheoM.hpuse which ha* sheltered bo many generations of Oarmiohaels. Cberiton bad been lanehimr at the Pribry, where ahe came atletsttwieea week to $*eh faevgrandson'aderelopment in aU those grafees of mind and person which marked hii superiority to the everagebaby. Sheoamaantbe atteser to the Priory beeaase of tbe difficulty in getting Jnardu to Cheriton. •'My poor child will hardly ever come to see ob,* she told Theodote, aa they sauntered an the lawn while Joanita was showing Mrj Rammy the picture* in the flfrfag rooao. "Sto has, aa insurmountable horror of tbeihouseehe watonoesofendof; aad I can't woaderat it, and leant be angry with her. I furtfe seen her suffering when ahe has been with us, *o I don't worry tier to come to n often, lanke a, point of getting her there onoa in a way in tbe hope of orerooming her horror of tbei plane aa time goes by; and I have even gone ont of my way to make changes in the furniture and decoratums, ao that the rooms afaonld not look exaetiy the same aa they looked in fccr fatal honefmoon; bat I eao ace in her face that wry comer of tttehpneeishattttted for berj Once when she had been eahn aad ehwerfal witiinwforawholeafternoon,walkiaw«b(mtthe gatflen aad going from room toroosm, aheflang faericilf into mjr arms suddenly, Bobbins paafionately. 'We were co happy, mothev ahe*aid, <ao happy inthia fatalhouie.rWa nmft bear with hoe, poor girl. God has given her* daik lot." xbeodore had seen an anxiousenquiring look in luacita's ejes from tbe *Mgi ?"'"g of his viaswbkhtold htm ehe wanted to qaeation him. and he took tae first opportunity of baiag aloae wiih her, white t*by Qheriton enter tained Mr. Bunny witb-as exposition of the mecita of her grandson, nneonsdon* af her prajcee and s}amrjering in a hammock on the town, ban mothered in embroidered co?er .'ttatand aofteat draperiem. ••Have jwnionnd ont anythintr?" abe aaked eagerly a? aoon aa they were out of ear ehot. -Yea, I beaewibjme reateoaaneopona clue, and that I may ultimately d|«o?Vfr the mu|dewr; but lOM tell yoa no details as yet —tie whole thing is too vague." '"How clever of yon-te eneoeed where tbe police nave utterly failed. Oh, Theodore, you cannot iiriagfwq bow I fl^aiy value yo3a~-J^>ar "Map, Joanit*. foe heaven's aake don't pra|ae me. I may be following a. Willo" the wisp I dont enppo?e that any experienced detective mmld take np woeh n cine as I am going to follow—only yon have set me to do flue thing, and it baa become the baaneaa of my life to obey you." "You are all that iagood. P<*y Ml me all yon, have discovered—however vague your idea* may be." ' "So, JuanUa, X can tell yon nothing yet. You must trust me, dear. I am at best only on Ipie threshold of a diaeorerp. It nw* be long before I advance another step. Be con tent to know that I am not idle." She gave an impatient sigh. "It it bo hard to be kept in the daik," ahe said, " I dream night after night that I rnyaelf am on the track of hie murderer—tome tunea that I meet him faoe to faoe-oh, the hideous pallid face—tbe face of a man who baa been banged and brought tp life again. It is always the same kind of "lace—the same dnU lirid hue—tttongb it difidraae to feafaues, though the man ia never the same. Yon can not imagine the agony-of those dreams, Theo dora, liny that ghost lor me, it you can. Ma%e rcy fife peaceful, though it can never he "Hever is a long word, Nita, As the yean go by your child'e love will give life a new color." "Yes, heis very dear. He has crept into my heart, little nestling unconscious thing'— knowing nothing of my love or my aorrow, andyetaeemnigto comfort me. I aomatimes think my dadmg'a spirit looks out of those cteareye*. They seem eofnll of thought—of thought far beyond human wisdom. Theodore sonld ace that the work of heeling waa being done, slowly' but sorely. The gracious influence of a new love wm being ezercued, and the frozen heart was reviving to life and warmth under the soft couch of those baby fingers. He aaw bis cousin «nr?iif with of Canmehael Priory in his great strong anna, trailing down at the tiny pink face in a cloud of lace and mndin. ''Anyone can see that Mr. Batnaay is fond of children,''aaid Lady Oberiton approvingly, as if a liking for infanta just short-coated were the noblest Tirtne of manhood. ' "Oh, I am fond enough of thelittle beggars,' answered Ontbbnt, lightly. "All the gutter biats about St, Thomas's know me, and bang on tjo my coat ta3s as Igo by. I like to look at a child's face—those old shrewd London facet especially—and speculate npon the life that lies before those young eyes—the tbiegs those eves are to see, the wordi those lips are to speak. Life is such a tremendpua mystery, don't you know—one can never be tiled of wondering about it Bat Una fellow ia soing to be very happy, and a great man in the land. He ia going to belong to the new order, and the order ot rich who go through life shoulder to shoulder with the poor; the redreessrs of wrong, the adjusters of social levels." "I hope you an not a Sooaliat, Mr. Batn say, r said Lsdy Oberiton. with an alarmed air. " Not much; but I acknowledge that there are points where my ideas touch the boundary line of socialism. I don't wast impbesibilitie*. I have no dream of aday when there abali be no mare mfllionaires, no ffraat patront of art or great employea of labor, but onto a dead l~r* tf -r-f" *"taif i"?i1 ■Mht<y'«*—™-tp, shabby ooloiloaa lmes. Ho, there mast be butteiflieaapwellasanU-if it were only that the ante may have anroethmg pretty to look at. What I shonld like to see is a stronger bond of friendchip and sympathy between the two classes—a real knowledge and nndertandiog of each other between rich and poor, and the twin demon* Patronage and Syeophancv exorcised for ever and ever." t£?Sd The tea tables were brought out upon tbe lawn by this time, Sir Godfrey Oarmichael was. carried off by bis nurse, and the two young men sat down with Lady Gheriton and her daughter under the tree, beneath whioh JuanKa and her husband had eat on that one blissful day whioh they had apeuttogvtberattbe Priory as maw and wile. TttevwMMd a very cheery and_ pleasantqnartetastbeyaat in tbe sultry afternoon atmosphere with the level lawn and flower-beds stretcfamg'before them, and tbe gnu* balk ot tbe old timber abutting out aU ttte world beyond. Oath bert Kanway waa tbe dual talker, full of animal spiritK, lannehnag the wildest paro doxes, tbe mort unorthodox opinions. The very, aound of his strong fnU Tiffee, et# WT rug of his buoyant laoffh w«re eawngb to baniah gloona tUvoghta aadaadnemoriaa. Lady Ckenton waa deHgbted with this new apqaaatanoe ; fiat because he waa dexterous in handling a baby; next on the book of general merita. She waa not a deeply-read . person, and ahe«ad a pcoteond respect for <nd tumteotaer^eopleiM^^lMludMMeathMa : acienfafio man waa aereatnre apart; belonging tor ; aloftier world than that «hichsbeaodberfrieod? r inhabited. Theodore had told Her of his \- triad's claims to distinction, his hard woak-iav aewsral cities, and seeing this earnest worker boyish and light hearted, interested in the moat frivolous subjects, sne was lost in wonder at his ooadeaeanrioa. Sbe begged him to come to Oheriton with Thetdore at the earliest opportunity, an inri tatlon which he aooepted^d^^ "*I have long wished, to knov Lord Cheriton, tfl>eaaKL The two «mj men left soon after tea. Ontbbert'a high apurtaleft him at the Priory Gate*, and both men wece Uara«bUal daring tbe homeward drive. ' " WeU; Outhbert, what do y«n think of my cousin, now that yoa have aeen her?" Tneo . dese acked when be bad driven the fint mile, •cd the towers of Oorfe stood dark against the weffatrn tky, " I can only agree with you, my dear fell<nr. She is a very lovely woman. I think there coold hardly be two opinions upon that point." ••And do yon ftirjc—as I tto-that ft ia hopeless for an* man to spend hta life in wor aliipphigber? l^yonthiakhertieartisbariad \ with her <Je«l Bnubsmd!" - ' " Only as Praterpua) waa buried with Pinto. It is not in human nature for ao young a aoaiM to wear her weeds for a lifetime. The j hcurcf revival must come sooner or later. Bhe 1 baa too bright and quick an intellect to submit to the monotony at an inconsolable sorrow. Her energy expends itaeUnowluthejUsire to avenge bar trasbaad'kdeatn. Vulfatf inthather restless spiritwill seek some new cutlet. Sbe is brgmnrngtobemterestedinherehild. A*that Isttenst grows with the ehOd'a growth, her ho?zon will widen. And then, and then, when slwliaadiapevared that life van still be beautiful, her heart will become accessible to a new love. The cure and tbe ebange, the awakening from death to life, may be slower than it i* in most sneh oases, because this woman is the essence of tancerity. and all her feelings lie deep. Bat the awakeninrwQl come -goo. may be sure of that. Wait for it, Theodore, eon tain your eon! in patience.* "Yon can afford tobe philosophical," said his friend, with a sigh. " Ton are not in love I" "True, Theodore. No doubt that makes a difference." Chatteb XX tL Theodora and hi* friend betook themselves to Oheritnn Chase an the-fallowing Friday for that kind of visit which north country people describe m a week end. They «wim<l ttnii portmanteaus in that portion of thedogcart which umorelegitimately ooonpied by abash of spaniels or Irish tetters, and they arrived ia the-aokten light of afternoon, jwt whan that auifc lane approaching the west gate was look ing; ita loveliest, harf a tongue and rooky boulder, polypoduun and brown trunks of tm meaaonal vales touched with sungleamt, ""1 deepening abadowa stealing athwart the ripe feathery gran in the meadows oh either side of the deep golly. "That iifln. Porter 1* cottage," aaid Toeo dor?, indicating that pictureaque abode with a turn of his whip. Banuay bad been introduced to Miss New ton, and had rnnstitnted himself body surgeon and medical advise* to that-lady-and-all her humble friends. He had been invited to the tea parties in Wedgewood- street/andfaad in terested himself in the young woman called Marian. j?djn. fail frimd's belief-in bar iden tity with the lodgekeepart missing daughter, and be had a keen desire to make thabdge keeper's acquaintance. "ITrom jour amount of the lady she must bs human adamant,*! he said. "I like to tackle thatkmdoKndmdaaL I've met a few of them, and I'm fcajmy to say that if I haven't been abtetometttbem I've generally succeeded in 'making them smart. I should enjoy exhibiting my moral aquafortis tothislady, I shall get you to take me to make a morning call upon her while we are at Oheriton." " My deaf Cuthbert, I would sooner call, uninvited and without credentials, upon the Arobbahopof Oantebnry. I don't forget how she frcze me-when I tried to be friendly with her last New Year's Da*. She was mm tab?g than the north-east wind that was caroling she ponds in thfl<mfr_" "A fig for her Utiiignes*. Do you suppose I mind? If you «vat take me to her I shall go byayself. A character of that kind has an inesUtible fascination for me I would go a hundred miles any day to see a bitter, bad wcipan." "She U hitter enough, but she may not be for KHrw?, perhaps ; who has so misread her BiUetnat she thinks it a4uty to shut her heart against a beloved child sattet titan to fergive a sinner. I believe she ii to be pitied rather titan blamed.odiousas she may seem." •'Yea? likely. Agrd heart or tt obstinate temper v a disease Ife other diseases. One ought to be sorry for tt* sufferer. Bat this woman has a strong thurvtet, anyhow, for good or eja, an? I 4eb«M « atn4fk« disracter. The average man and woman Is v colorless a creature that there hi 'irfniln ftJiet in the atady of any temperament' thaj faorhoo the extreme, Think how delightful ft w«dd be to nest each • man as lago or Otfcehr.— picture tojoujwlf the nlnssmwf — rohfaff the gradual unfolding of such a mind as laehuno's, and consider how t^enwooW be coe's. iupawt in getting to the bottom of a woman like the poisoning stepmother whose name'l for the moment forget. There is the lodge—charming early IhgJuh cotU?a mal eady £agtub,nal Bedford farfaitb - btlf-timbend, thatched gables, donoent lOae eyes under^ bushy eye brows, walls foor feet thiok, lattices two hon ored years old. It might be the very cottage in which Grandmamma Wolf waited foe the dear, plump little girj, with, chubby cheek. shining like the butter in her basket, and with lipras sweet as her honey. Poor little girL" The semmt maid ran down the steps to opes the gate, and as the wheels stopped an upper casement swung suddenly open, and a woman's face appeared in the ooJcfen light, a pale, wan face, whose most noticeable expres sion was a look of infinite weariness. '«Ataemic," aaid Onthbert, as they drove in at toe gate. "Decidedly anaenic, I should •U'pect that woman—" "Of what r "Of being a vegetarian," answered Outh bert gravely. "But 111 look her up to morrow, and iiad-ontall about her." Lord Oheriton received his kputoaifa friend with marked cordiality, and seemed to enjoy his freshness and originality. They t?tv«rt o f Cambridge—the Cambridge of forty yean ago and the Cambridge of to-day—and they talked of Continental schools ofsnedicine, a subjeot in whiehttielawyerwaswarmlymterested. There were no other visitors expected before Septem ber when three old friends of LortChenton's were to shoot the 'partridges, and ia October there was to be a large party for the pheasant shooting, which was the chief glory of Oheriton Chase. There had been no party last year, and liord Oheriton felt him^if so much the more constrained to hospitality. "You fellows most come in October when the bouse is full," he said, but Cathbtrt Ram say told him that be must be at work again in London before the end of September. Onthbert was nraeh impressed by the master of Oheriton Chace, and the nave and quiet dignity with which he curied fortunes that might have made % weaker man arrogant and self- assertive. It would seem as if scarcely anything were wanting to that prosperous career. YetOutfabert saw that bis host was not bee from a cloud of care. It was natural perhaps Out he should feel the tragedy of nis son-in law's death as a lasting trouble, not to be shuffled off and forgotten when the ooa ventional period of mourning was past. Theodore had some private talk with his cousin on the first evening of his visit, walking up and down the terrace, while Outhbert wse looking at the books in the library under liady Cheriton's guidanqe. He had it fully in his mind that the time would come when ha would be obliged to take Lord Oheriton into his confidence, but he felt that time was stOl far off. Whenever the revelation came it must needs be infinitely painful to both, and deeply humiliating to she man whose hidden sin had brought desolation upon bis innooent daughter, and ontocely^aoath upon the man whose fate had beenunked'with hen. It was for] his dishonor, for the wrongs inflicted by him that those two had made expiation. No, the time to be outspoken—the time to fay in the words of the prophet—" Tttou art the man," had not yet come. When it should cone he would be prepared to act resolutely and f eadessly } but in the meantime he must needs go on working in the dark, He remembered Ins last conversation with Lord Oheriton on that subject—remembered h;w Cheriton had aaid that he believed God- Irty Oamichael incapable of a dishonorable action—incapable of having behaved cruelly to any woman. Had he who pronounced tbat judgment been guilty of dishonor—had he betn cruel to the woman who aaerifioed her self fcr him. There are so- many degress in each wrongdoing—there is the sin of impulse: there is the deep-laid evil, the coldly rV*"*^ iniquity, the . tin of the practised seduoer who baa reduced seduction to a science, sad who has no more heart or conscience than a machine. There is the sin of the generous man, who finds his feet caught in the web of circumstance! who begins, innocently enough, by pitying a neglected wife, and ends by betraying the neglectful husband. Theodore gave hit kincmtn credit for belonging, to the category of •onerous sinners. Indeed, the fact tbat he had lived aloof from the world for many years, sharing the isolation of the woman who loved him, was in itself evidence thathe bad not acted as the villain, yet it was possible tbat when the final noaressie, the hour forheal fj?gtbAsemisitbo?di.wiecantoninayhavebeea in somewise cruel, sad the remembrance of that cruelty Bight be a busden upon the sjener's consaienee ?t this day. Boob partings can never be without cruelty. Tkefactihst one sinner is to man* and begin a new life wliile the ?tn« tinner U to finish her days ia a dishonored widowhood is in itself a cruelty. She may submit, as to a fate wbiefa the ton- ' :tk«ak teaeU hardly nsed by the man who liienWffcr. Nothing be e?n do to won bar worldly comfort or to screen be* from the ■sriatti nwdaln wiU take the sting put of that parting. The one fact remains that her day is S^ioSSS.?^ to «■?«"•"?*■*' ~N*hj?cfaaa occurred aiasel was4ere to throw any new light upon the murder, I aup- BP?a£Thand<ajaaaJd quietly, m they amoked their dgan, walking eloaiy up and down. n Noshing. " DidlMladyahip teU yon that I hare met a wirlin Londen, wnatnl baiiereto be a« other than Mercy Porter?" -Yes, abe teal me aametbug abont that fancy of yopra. for I take it to be nothing mote -than a fancy. 'The world i« too wide for yoa •ad Muer«yP«twto meet eoeaulf. Wfeatwas your ground, for identifying her' with the loogekeeprt gitir ~l3ieiadtekeepeiUwrl." Skiere viinmg- ' Hung needlessly contemptuous in the phrase, ' 1 toSjbeodsre-i astwliad disdain. t'l^wM«>e}ieaeUwV«ng«Bited«ieideaby her enoniries about GWu£! jfce ooafe?ed to baring coin* from this part O J the world, Mdabe&H; an «v of refinement which show* that abe doe* not belong to Hie peasant data. She is • very good puuiiate—pUyt with remarkable taste sod feeling, and Lady Cheriton tell* me that Mercy had a great talent fee mueie. I bare ao aonan irony owo aSSSSSKSft-ttffitf^* 1*1- Jm Porter it* woman «f paauHar tompsr. The girl may be happier away from her." "Yet, that it TeryMkeHr-bnt Bus mofter aV bt & lS? 1X. I"f> OSie^penita?ft ajnapr; whose life for thebrt f?w teats hat been WsayW onsjbjt to fatf th?t aW?OMd<and. I tried to approach the eubjeet, bat lira, porter >mtM tae «*s?a?etaea*.viansottve air, and I do not think it would be am good fo> n? to/plea* for my poor friend agon. If yon or Lady Oheriton would talkrfe bar— ■ " I will get my wife to manage her. It ii a matter in which a woman wimMfea're man in fluence than yon or I. la the mimntimti if there it anything I cvi do to make Mercy Porter 1! lire easier I shall be Tery glad to do tt for her father* take." * What ia ahe dringfor a living'^ one docs fine needlework* Sbeliveainone tmall back room in Lambeth, and ha« only one friend in the world, and that friend happen* to be a ladywho onoa lived uffil house." •■ A Wj who Uvad in thisiower exclaimed Lord Cheriton, •* who in heaven's name do yon mean 1" .' ■ " Miss Newton, who- waa go tews to Mus Btrangway neady forty year* ago." "What brought mLb Hewtpn and 70a togetherr "That it rather a long story. Itooxseme tronblato find the lady in^irder to settia one Sneetion which had dUnrfaed my oouin nanita sinoe her hnaband's death." "Whatquestionr 1 "She waa haunted by an idea tb?t Sir God frey1* murderer waa one «f the Straugways, and hi* mode* an act qf vengeance by some member of tfcatbanbhed raeeTlt waa in order some trouble to hunt out the history of Squire Stnngway'eJbaiD aw and only daughter. X traced tnem.aU thin to their grave*, and have been able to convince Jnanita that they and their trounl** were all a? restlong before the timeof her husband** murder." •"What oonld have pot anon a notion into her bead r* "Oh, it name naturaUy enonsh. It was only a4Jev«lopm«nt of Chnrton'a idea of a ven detta." "She ma always full of fanciea. Tea, I remember abe need to aay the home waa reaUrtfeuk ab/^^dL'Seftta^taLji?H )u^thU*ii«dSrlEtcao?i?birfaaK«heeatate which they had wasted. And «c to aatiary Jnanita yon tpok the erooHe to font oat *0m Newton? Upon my Word; Theodore, your oondnot is mote Quixotic thin I oonld have believed of a*y young man in the 19th cen tnty. And piaybj what means Tttt yon dia epver the ci-devant gpverneas I" Theodore told Oeatory of his visit to the atiK^kaganoJaa, fair pmtney to the Lake district, and his friendly reception by Mvi Mtwtonin her f .amhrthiindgiaaja. "She waa much at^achad to Miaa Strang way, who waa bet first ohacge, and near enough to her own age tojbe more of atwmpuiiaa a tupil* ha g^iji *a and who aooke of her "itw^a«ek«ahos](at?, wasit? I knew aJM had. made a bat in war was her fate sadder than the com mon deaqny of ajpenilUiritfa daughter—a gid whoAMbeeareacedinexkmvagaaee aad eeU iodulgenoe, and who finds heneUfaoe to fane with penorpin the bloom of her womanhood r •■lhatin itseU would beaad enongfa, bat Mub atrM«am<a deatiiv waa «adder,than that-common pTaoe enongh. «v dpnbt-only the old etprr oj an unhappy marriage and a runaway-wife.-" Heimu ax* help looking at Lord Oberiton atahUpaanV *ninkjng howthunmuaon atory of anni?j(aitu<y,wijema«t Med*: cemmd faia - kimman of that otter atory of another wife n^iweWnavy'af joaKvl afnMntlro^ tililftnawiiM rf ?nr«imflar atory. \- "SU«anaway from her bnaband! Tea, I remen*a?jhaTOg, faaard *s jnwih. WJwMid fact T -j ••Very Bttle-^rtbat abe died at Boulogne nearly twenty y?sa ago. Thb fact Mias Newton heard from the lips of the man far wham lira. Baray le^ baThnsband. I had been at Boulogne a week or ao Ibefore I aaw I.^ Sot this is not very ebange, az itkqatte likely that abe lived at Bonloxne an aaanmedname. and waa buried Jn thai name, and ao Sea were in n Tfirrlgn Isjiil fliiiainiawi forerver from any aaaodation with her name and kindred." ' X ''There am notamyot her kindred left, X take it,"aaidl«dOlieriton/ •r There aeems to have psaa a blight upon that race for the last balf-eentnry. Bat now tall me abant some one in whom I am more interested—the gM yon beliera to toe Mercy Sorter; I-atoWd be very glad to make h«^e happier, and ao ( ItoldWladyimp. Ten, Tneodore^ iigfat be \ theintemediary. IwouldaQowheraholaired a year, whiah wtraW enable her to live in come pretty eountxy place—Jn Devonahire orOorn wall, for instance, in come quiet weicnast village, where no one would know anything about her or her atory.'' " A hundred a year, my dear Oheriton, that is a moat ganerona offer." "No.no; there i* no question of generosity. Her father waa my friend, and I waa under - aome obligation to W And then the girl is my wifeV protegee; and finally, I can very well affoid it lam almost a chOdleaa man, Theodore. My grandson will be rich enongh when I am gone, rich enongfa to be asm of a peerage, I hope, ao that-then may be a Baron Oberiton when I am in the dust" "Ton are very good. I believe tbia gid has a mat deal of pride—Uw pride of a woman who "f? drank no enp of flftrttniii asd «^*? may tet herself against being a panaloner; bnTn tin matter can be arranged- na yon wiah aha may yet ate bappiar days. I ttmk the fin* ttung to be done ia to reooneile anotkeuand daughter, aba, Poztet OBgkt to go np to lioadon—r-'^ "To aae l&ua; N«wton'a pfotegoa ■« no accourt I tell yon lira. Porter v a woman of strange temper—God know* how bitterly Ota might upbraid her daughter—and if the girl ia proud, as yon say ahe ia—the mother^ re proaobea would goad her te cefaae any help from me or my wife. No, Tbondoie, the longer we keep mother and daughter apart the better for Mercy* ohaaeea of bapptnass." **Bnttf Una young woman ahonld refuse to confess her idenbtywith Mercy Porter it *iU be impsasible to benefit her." "That difficulty may be easily overcome. Ton can take avy wife to we bar. She waa always fond of my wife." "And yoa will leave the mother out of the question. That eeema rather bard upon her." "I teD yon, Theodore it ia better to leave the mother out of the question. She never acted a mother's pact to Moray—there was never any real motaieriy love—at teart that waa Lady Oheriton'* opinion of ■ the woman, 'and ahe bad ample opportunity for judging which of course I bad. notn ~ If yon want, to Me the daughter keep the raft^aloof J^her!* "I dan tay yon are right, sad I dull of course obey yon impttnti^." said Theodore, > till inwardly reluctant Be bad an waiter! Mna nf maternal love, its obligations and privileges, and it seemed to hiwft a> hajrd tbT*^g to fmrria hatwaa7i a pfaartwit daochter and a mother whose heut should overflow with pity and pardon. Tet he re membered his brief interview with Mrs. Porter. Mid he could but own to himself that this might bean eneptional ease. fTo U continued.) " 