Perils of the Hunting Field. RECORD OF WONDERFUL ESCAPES. DURING the many years I was employed to procure wild animals for the great German museum outfitter, writes a correspondent, I naturally met with more or less adventure of an exciting and dangerous nature. Of the parties under my command in India, Africa, Australrk, and other countries at different tides, more than two hundred have lost dgijp lives by adventure, and not more^Łan one out of fifteen escaped wound of some sort. One time when encamped between two of the branches of the Niger, thirty miles from its mouth, f went out on foot and alone to locate a spot to set a trap for a big serpent which the natives had espied and come to tell me of. I had crossed a level piece of ground about thirty rods wide, and had almost gained the fringe of wild rice on the far side, when a black rhinoceros who had been concealed in the thick cover uttered a " woof !" and came charging full at me. He was not over thirty feet away when I wheeled and was about to spring to the right, when the ground trembled under my feet and I heard a crash behind me. I glanced over my shoulder, to find that my pursuer had disappeared from sight, and when I retraced my 6teps I found him at tbe bottom of a cavity at least fifteen feet deep by ten across. He struggled for a while as I looked down on him, and then sank out of sight in the mud and water. He had broken the crust of one of those spots often to be met with on the lowlandR of Africa—a crust of grass and earth formed over a water hole or bed of quicksands. Just a week later, while I was out with three of ray men to kill fresh meat for the camp, I took my station under a great tree and sent them to windward of a thicket which I suspected might contain the game we wanted. It took them twenty minutes to get into position, and pretty soon a fine buck deer came trotting towards me. I was concealed by the trunk of the tree, and he came within twenty feet of me and stopped. As he did so there was a " swish," a crash among tbe brandies, a sort of shriek from the deer, and next moment he was in the embrace of a great python, which had a tailhold oil the limb above my head. This serpent was fully twenty-five feet long, and at his middle was nearly as large as a nail keg. Why he had not attacked me is beyond my power of guessing. Some months subsequent to this incident I was walking in a path through a forest over 200 miles from this spot. We were on the march, twenty- five or thirty of us, and had for half an honr been traversing a path used by animals in going to a drinking place. I had been in the lead for two hours, when 1 dropped back to consult with one of the " bosses." One of the natives took my place when a serpent of the same species, which was hidden in the foliage of a tree, struck and knocked him down and had two coils about hi3 body before a shout was raised. He was crashed to pulp. On the Benne River, to the east of Cameroon Mountain, we had two or three traps set for lions. One of these was a small but stout log house, with a door connected with a " figure 4 " inside. We baited this trap with fresh meat, but the lions would not enter it. After it had been unvisited for two days I took my gun and started in that direction. This was about 10 o'clock in the morning. I approached the trap from the side where the door was fitted and peered in, to find the bait untouched. As I straightened up one of the biggest lions I ever saw turned the corner of the pen, and we were face to face. I think he had been lying in the shade on the other side. I had my gun in my left hand, and I realised that any movement on my part would be the signal for him to attack. The lion was as much astonished as I was. Indeed, his first idea was to drop his tail aud bolt. At first I could have put my right band out and laid it on his nose, but presently he sniffed at me and backed off a distance of about ten feet and then stood and stare 1 at me. 1 stared back. It was the only thing I couid do. He was neither hungry not petulant, and he finally lay down and rested his head on his paws and kept his great yellow eyes steadily fastened to mine. I stood like a stone for about ten minutes. Then I sank to^my knees feeling that if I did not I should soon lose my equilibrium. One of the natives followed after me and as the sound of his footsteps in the brush reached the lion's ears he whined and seemed uneasy, and finally made a bolt for the thicket. I was still on my knees when the native came up, and was so weak all that day that I remained in camp. Upon one occasion while hunting elephants in Ceylon I was riding over rough ground to head 1 off the rushing herd. The ground was clear and open for at least a mile, with the exception of a grove, and as I passed this an old bull elephant, who was either a " rogue " or had separated from the herd for a purpose, charged out upon me. I was mounted on a pretty fair horse, but he was not sure footed, and the elephant gained rapidly upon us. I was using voice and spurs to drive the horse, but tbe great animal was coming nearer and nearer when my steed suddenly stumbled. 'I took a flying leap over his bead, and sprang up and ran for the forest, but I had not gone a hundred feet when the elephant crashed to earth. He had stumbled over the horse, which was trying to rise from the fall. The result was curious enough. While the horse was not hurt in the least by the encounter, the elephant waB so injured that be could not get to bis feet again, and I stood at a distance of twenty feet and fired bullets into him until he was dend. Near Kharme, in Burtuah, some natives once came about twenty miles to beg of me to return with them and rid their village of the presence of a man-eating tiger. I went with them in hopes to catch the beast alive. We found his lair in a mass of rocks in the midst of a thicket, and also the water hole from which he quenched his thirst. We dug a pit in the path he used, but every beast except the right one wanted fell into it. I therefore determined to shoot the tiger as he came to drink. One night, when lie had killed and partially devoured a ccw early in the evening, 1 took a native and repaired to the water hole. It was then eleven o'clock at night, and the tigor might be expected along at any moment. I first took position under a tree just above the -water, but after a few minutes moved ten feet to the left and gave the native my place. We were both armed with hliot guns heavily charged, nnd intended to kill the tiger at the first fire whether we saved an inch of his skin or not. We had been in place about fifteen minutes when the native suddenly shrieked out that the tiger had got hold of him. I sprang up, and it was not so dark but that I could make out some animal shaking and worrying him. I shouted and ran forward, and as the beast wheeled upon HIP I fired and rolled him over. The native was not dead but so badly wounded that he Jived only two days. I supposed, of course, that he bad been attacked by the tiger, but when I came to strike a light and investigate I discovered that I had killed a panther. The Least was perched on a limb of the tree directly over the spot I had at first selected, and hud I retained it he would have made me his victim in place of the native. One more instance—I was out one day with a native in the province of iSiam, looking up the lair of a panther which had worked great havoc, when we sat down in the shade to rest. 1 had been up the night before and soon fell into a drowse. The man dared not awaken me, and yet waH too cowardly to remain beside me. He therefore quietly climbed a tree and I wtnt sound asleep. I had been in this condition half an hour, according to his calculation, when a great rock snake came out of a ledge a few yards away and approached me. This species of serpeant is kin to the pythons and anacondas, only much more fierce and active. The native saw, but dared not speak. If he aroused me I was certain to move and receive the terrible fangs and the deadly embrace. He said that the snake crawled over my legs three or four times, and twice it seemed on the point of striking me, and had I moved in the slightest I would have been made a victim. Happily for me I slumbered on, and by and by the serpent went off through the brush, and the native dropped from his perch and aroused me. UNOER THE SEA.—According to a Fiench astronomer, .the cooling of the terrestrial crust apparently goes on more rapidly under the sea than with a land surface. From this he argues that the crust must thicken under oceans at a much more rapid rate, so as to give rise to a swelling up and distortion of the thinner portions of the crust that is forming mountain chains. EVEN the " poor fe»t" of TUE German soldier are looked after. He is now supplied with a powder to put in his boots and socks to keep his feet from being chafed. MAKRIAGB is a failure in Japan. Oflicial figures show that during the past four years there have been 1,240,007 marriages and 463,587 divorces there. AN American inventor has just patented an artificial lun?, capable of restoring life in persons apparently drowned. As yet no experiments have been made upon human subjects, but the professor has drowned a favourite pet rabbit 11 times, and suffocated it with the fumes of burning charcoal, yet the animal is well and happy. FROM the Melbourne War Cry :— We want short, spioy bits for the Cry, not Ohurch style, which is calculated to put you to sleep while you read it, but some of the Go-ahead, Salvation Army, Blood-and- Fire, Holy Ghost, Hell, Damnatijn, and Judgment kind, which will make every man shake as he reads it, and set all the devils in Hell trembling. MENTIONING the visit of Sir Somers Vine to Wellington, the Cat/iolic 7'imes says the Imperial Institute scheme, as it now stands, is "a monstrous humbug," and goes on : " We have no hesitation in declaring that a New Zealand mutton shop, opened in St. Paul's Churchyard or Ludgatc Hill, would do New Zealand more good than half-adozen glorified grogshops like the Imperial Institute." The Maori has hit the bullseye this time. " YES," replied Mrs. Pitcher in a burst of conGdencp, " every night when Arthur comes home, fresh or stale, he turns out his pocket and gives me bis loose silver. I save it, you know." •'Quite so. How good of him,isn't itÎ" " Yes, it's really very unselfish, for as soon as I've saved twenty pounds— that'R what my solicitor says it will cost—I'm going to sue him for a separation." SINGULAR DEATH or A GIRI.,—An inquest held at Wilton Hall revealed soine strange circumstances in connection with the drowning of a servant girl. She was allowed out on Sunday night to visit her parents, and afterwards she went to a Salvation Army meeting, where she made the acquaintance of a young man, with whom she took a walk. She afterwards said she was afraid to return to her situation, as it was so late, and her body was subsequently found in tbe canal, where cries of "Murder" had been heard. A THUNDERBOLT.—A thunderbolt lately fell on a farrti near Maryport, Cumberland, England, and the farmer's wife had a narrow escape. On her way to the cow-shed she saw a black mass descending, and it burst with a loud report fifty yards from where she was standing. The force of the explosion burst open the door of the farmhouse, and the building was very much shaken. The horses working on the farm were so frightened that they could scarcely stand, and the sheepdogs rushed upstairs, and getting under the beds howled until the storm was over. "SUE DETAINS MY BAHV'S PRIZE." —This was the remark vouchsafed in explanation at the Dalston Court by a respectably-dressed woman who had applied for a summons against her mother-in law. " I don't understand," said the puzzled magistrate. " How old is the baby ? " " He was eight months, your worship, when he got the prize," responded the woman. " What did an eight months old baby get a prizs for?" again queried the magistrate, more puzzled than ever. " Why he was the best baby in tbe show," was the reply, uttered with evident astonishment at the magistrate's ignorance. " Oh," laughed the worship, now enlightened, " where was it held ? " At Hackney," he was informed. "The fact is," said the woman, "I owe my mother-in-law a little money, but she won't take it, and she says that she will keep the prize-a sugar basm and a cream jug-until the boy is old enough to use them." " I can t graut a sommons unless your hUBband applies for it," «"d worship. 