THE RESURRECTED KIAMA GHOST. This is what the Bulletin has to say of the con duct, of the Baily Telegraph and the Evening News : — In any aort of manly contest the next best thing to honest victory is honourable defeat. When the present New South Wales general elec tion is over the party of billycock-crowned mono poly will be able to boast of neither one nor the other. 'When the real crisis came, and the poli tical potbellies had to toe the mark in front of Protection full grown, their true character came out. They resorted to the coward's trick of hit ting below the belt. They saw that Freetrade was doomed, and sought to save it from tho crushing logic of the other side by raising up a sectarian cry and trying to frighten the now stalwart Democracy of New South Wales from the path of duty by resurrecting the Kiarna Ghost. Foremost in this despicable work was appropriately enough Mr. John Haynes, and his chief assistants were Sir Henry Parkas, the Daily Telegraph, and the Evening News. That Sir Henry Parkes should try the ghost trick again was a matter of surpise to nobody. It has stood him in good stead so often when everything else failed that nothing in the world wa,s more natural than to find him resorting to it in such dire political distress as that to which tho prenent Parliamentary dissolution reduces him. ' Twenty years ago white-headed men tottered to the ballot-box and believed as they were told that unless they voted for this or for that they would fall a certain prey to the Pope. At that time the bulk of the men who now vote %vere children, while the bulk of the men who then voted are now corpses — voting corpses it may be, and many of them somewhat old-fashioned even at that. To find the Evening News making us9 of these tactics is also a commonplace affair enough. Nobody ever gave that journal credit for the feeblest glimmer of anything like political under standing, What it simply did was to ' warn' the Australian people that if they did not at at once quit arguing about fiscal matters and give a blind block vote in support of Calico- Jemmy ism the Pope would get the lot of them body and soul for time and eternity. Of such a newspaper this ia erni nentlv worthy and mav pass without sm-eial re mark. Tho people who do such things are too ir redeemably stupid to be very mischievous in the long run. We may safely leave them and their newspaper to be destroyed by their own follies and by the strong and determined and growing opposition by which they are now -nen&ced; for the first time in their ignoble history. But we confess that we did expect something entirely different from a paper with the pretensions of the Daily Telegraph. Seeing that this journal could not win anyhow in the cause of Free trade, it might have had the sense, if not the decency, to be careful that it loct honourably. It was enough, one would think, for it to have to bear defeat without courting' disgrace and ridi cule, as it did by the grossly unfair tactics to which, in company with Parkes and the Even ing News, it descended. According to the argu ments it relied on for saving foreign trade in the present contest, we cannot support local industry wifchout endangering the secular principle of the Education Act. If the electors once vote for the employment of local as against foreign labour— aa ninety-five per cent, of the Orangemen in Vic toria have done — they are, by the logic of the Daily Telegraph, rendered, politically impotent for evermore. Their views on the education question may remain the same ; the vast majority nf -t-.Vio ViRf-ir n? f.Vifi sfif.nl at* nvntpm mav nnntinun unbroken ; but that makes no matter a3 the Act will be altered all the same, jubu as the Papistical minority may direct. In one of its leading articles the Telegraph said right out that the object of levying duties on imported manufactures was to raise money for what it called a ' grant in aid ' to the Pope. The Daily Telegraph may have a lot to plead on the score of political stupidity, but no excuse of that kind will justify such a monstrous falsehood as this. The paper must have known that in writing this it was not only writing downright untruth, but what $9 out of every hundred of its own readers would scout as a flimsy and wanton lie. What, then, was its object in imposing wickedly upon the possible weak-mindedness of the remaining one in order to get his vote for Freetrade, nob because he believed it, but because he believed if he voted against it he would be introducing State aid to religion? What greater crime against liberty can be conceived than to attempt to en- snare men into voting away their own convictions by such despicable tricks as tho3e ? The battle of local labour is won in New South Wales, and despite the aid of the Kiama Ghost the battle of Foreign-trade monopoly is lost, whatever be the fate of the present Dibbs Ministry. 