Miss Daley: "I am sore, mamma, Mr Sinj.oonet'as maniers are- most highly .polshed." Mamma,.with n nonsense about er: "That makes no difference to sooletj my dear, so .long. as his. elbows are in the same cnditon; :Mr.- Sigmonnet must go;" Bousiness Pointedness.--Old lady (rushing into-a shop):.,, Say, mister I I want: some l. Obliging olerk : . Yes.m. Fao or Versifer : " You negioted' to return my poem." :Editor:. Yes, on the .principle of the golden role. I remembered how it tafe te I me when I received it, and I wanted to spare you a similar experienc?.": 'She was a modest and timid girl, :.'^', Retiring, weak and shy; But she knew how to .talk: till your :ha would uearl- ' ; On whenoeness of the why. " Mau.watsb?mt little here beloi,"' SSo'rans the ancient sobg, But it, as all lane mortals know, Is. wildly, grossly wrong; For from the day that sees his birth It seems that every one " Is bound to have, besides the earth, A mortgage on the son. A vain and gnorant woman oftf the shoddy tribe, boastling the other day of the progress made by her son liaarithmetio; exultng y said, he was in' the mortifloae tlo ,table." " . , I PIret Department OfBotal: "I, had-a strange experiaos to-day--.strange" 8eoond Department Ofiolal: "You look as if you had seen a ghost.. Come, telll the story; anythin to relieve the monotony.'! "It Is nt a ghost story. It's all Bfes and blood." "Well, well, out with it." "A man came to me to-day to ask about a matter whi?h I coould not refer to any other department and I actually had to attend to it myself." Mrs. Wiggers: "Dear, dear, I'm most dead, but I'll have to chop.some wood," Mrs. Miggers: "Chop wood, indeed; why doesn'tyour husband do that!" "Oh, he never has time to do anything. He writes in his study an hour every day, and has to rest after that. " Humph I What's he witing I" " Another book on the labour problem. " Cynical dentist ".Well, how do the new teeth work?" ,Patient: ?Not' very will. They seem io ot the others," C.D. "Traut is perfeotly natural. They' belong to an entirely different sat, you know I One day the Grand Old Man of RHewarden Went out to fell trees In his gawarde; : He fred a bigbip : :'Galnt a ohuroiwardsn's Up, And eld mot polely, ' Beg pas~ don" A writer on the small boy says hi i deal of aplomb. He. has the wholq of. it generally, no matter how much he. maybe urged to share a plumb with his little siter. Miss Sweetlips: "Ever aton I wa' a little girl; my paps has sent me a valentine, and I've saved them all." Mr. Blunderby : "By Jovel what a lot: you must havel" Then he was sorry for what he esid. Wife (returning from church) : " Why, my dear, where are the children? I don't hear a sound.' Weary husband (who has beon keeping house): I' don't know, and I don't care; but I think likely they are downteairs in the jelly closet." - Edison has Invented a speaking babt. What we want to see him turn his attention to-il a baby that will get up at night add find its own.p regoric. Or; better still, a baby,whtoh wll?otaspeak at all. " Perhaps,'! said the poet, timidly, as the great editor held his poem a long time wit out speaking. "Perhaps you think there Is more rhyme than reason in my poem." S."houldn't wonder," replied the great men, kindly.; " there couldn't be anyless." And,; taking the proffered, manuscipt in histrembling hand,with a heavy sigh, Eobo t Bomwning strode wearIly out of: the.(, 3e bf the J.enkingtown Refrigerator." Pereson : Lsadlord and steward SHave "you tied up the batter f" "lt is done, sir.' " And'chained down the cheese" " .'Are the Imitation tomatoes on I" : "'Thi ary ; air." : : Where is the was fruit .'!, : "'On the sideboard." : Then you can lead the chicken through the soup, wave the ham bone over the china eggs and sorve up the poroelain steak." ?, By the sea; one siummer, igh op nathe Sledges,.; " : art pawnroker chap with the? mldof hislove;. He looked in her eyes as.he m marmed sweet pledges, And caUled as his. wlteei the bla esy , - bo . . YM`Sr "'J',:+ ; ,... I"' A" witnes' unealled wa?:concealed in:the h-e. hedger;s",tY . s t-. nllt,-,? ti 1:- w-"a The young lady's masua quite a doubt ing a Thomas, : , a ,r ,-r Well vensed in the: value of onre:eesied S pledges.- : : As he found when'he paid for: the breach of his promise. When universal matter Waaanebolosafifir,& Ere the macrocom started't devolv., When a sort of atom.anarchy eziated every; where, Ere the nuelei had started to revolve, And matter to these centres had begun to gravitate, - Did nascent gag.construoctos at their own wit cachinate f When the Eonoon was hustling in the:deep Laurentian eras, .. . His calcarenos aecrutlions to mass,, Did he dare in the security of thisoppdic ease And with facial development otlbes, I A Bomolo neighbor to acoast with aqes ats . in'tlteold?" -+::. , ! * With.pt-gliscialeldity and ner Said cacophony and ruggednmes of. Mstm. often marred . The sublamily of flow and rhythmic verven Thiat ehoild mark all epit based onu athro. poDenetic apat, .: d :I: r Did the peehitori vemr dare to morme x ,,Is".at.!" 