THE BALLAD OF THE BOLD TOWN CLERK. (With many apologies to the shade of Hood) (BY AB-OSJQINAL.) In Adelaide town of fair renown There lire one C. C. K., Who wished to honour Earl Kin to re Upon his advent day. 5 here also dwelt within the town Another man of mark, Who likewise wished to honour him It waa the City Clerk. Said C. C. K. onto the Clerk " T on choose to pnt yourself Upon the platform, when your place Should be upon the shelf. " Unless yon now consent to sit In silence on the floor, And cease your prim kintortions, you Shall not receive KIntore 1 " So pray before yon further go Consider what you've done. I, who have floored your betters, will Not fool with you for fnn." Then said the Clerk to C. C. K., "Your language you shall rue, Don't fancy you are 'avin' me, Who's got an' Aven-w V " And so I s»y to you, unless Ton speak in other sort, Tour conduct to the Council I Shall go and straight report." This roused the ire of C C. K., For from the prints I've learnt That oi the Council he advised That they should all be burnt. 0, C. C. K.; O, C C. K. I Why did yon wax so warm ? A man woo weirs A scarlet coat Should be more uniform! Straight to the City Council then The City Clerk did go. And in the most pathetic tones Be told bis tale of woe Uprose the City Conned then. For they were all agog. And bristling, reidy for the tray! like any mastiff dog. 0.C.C.K1 O.C.C. K.1 Bow could you use them so? They'd weathered many a Council breeze, But never each a blow. They stormed and stamped, they cried alond, They weltered In their rape, And nought they fixed on tnat their ire Could lessen or Baan≥, Then C. C. K., in language mild, And like a man ol Ben so, Took back the words that so had riled And given rash offence. And to each other proper words Of greeting they did send: And may »tt other quarrels June This upshot In the end. HE SAID~D . (So reported to HUGH KALTPIUS.) Charley Kingston, once so jolly, Beslly I feel melancholy At your most egregious folly Yesterday. Charley, when the Corporation MBde that humble application Ton cut short the Clerk's oration. You said D . Charley, that's not Parliamentary; O'er yonr tongue von should stand sentry, A descendant of the gentry Don't Bay D . If yonr father, who was knigh'ed, Enew that you were so benighted, B'en his ghost would feel affrighted At that D . Charley Kingston, in a measure You have given the city pleasure, As A. G. you've be:n a treasure, Don't say D . Charley, in apologizing, Youbave stopped an awkward rising, Which some folks huve been xunnising From that D . Therefore, Charley, pardon graets you, And when next the Town Clerk meets you Take him gently, as he treats sou, Don't say D . 