Catholic BEoted. BEFORE THE ALTAR. Ah, Lprd! if Thou werf standing here, jfoaa I coald bear the Bight— Could feel Thy presence, oh t so near, And view Thy robes of light; And theniif Thourshouldst sayto me, .' " I am the Lord thy 'God, "Who once the joad.to Calvary For thy redemption trod "— What Bhonld l do ? 'No more, sweet Lord, Than I would fain do now; Body and soul, with one accord, \- Adorin^ly to^bow 'v And, clinging to Thy garment's hem, Thy radiant Wounds tp kias— Deeming a monarch's diadem Were dross compared to tins. No otherproof I ask, dear Lord! Than Thine own words of yore.: "This is My Body, this'My Blood "— O who could wish for more! . < Whore gleams the ruddy Altar light, ' Within its pup of gold Another Thabor dear and bright, Awe-stricken, I behold. For Thou art here; and I may dare To come before Thy Face, And offer Thee my worthless prayer, In this, Thy dwelling placed Sweet Jesus! warm my frozen heart, My love for Thee increase; And say to me ere X depart, " My child, go thou in peace!" Angeiiqtte de Lande. F ashes Damien's End.—A corre spondent writes that in a letter that has been received from one of the priests at Molokai, giving an account of Father Damien's last illness, it is stated that three weeks before his death the leprosy increased terribly on his face, mouth, and hands, causing him to suffer a good deal. Strangely enough, after death not one single mark of leprosy was, it is averred, visible on any part of his body. The grief in the settlement at the heroic priest's death is said to be intense. In his address at St Mary's Cathedral (Sydney), on Sunday evening, Cardinal Moran made special reference to the work accomplished by Father Damien, and stated that it was apparent that his heroism in devotion to religious duty, had been recompensed by heaven in a singularly strange manner. He remarked that after death had ensued, his features, which bad been before so extremely deformed that even his most intimate Mends could scarcely recognise him, resumed their former complete ness, so that those with whom he associated himself at the beginning of his mission were able to discern in him the humble Belgian, priest, who had thrown in his lot with those who, above aU othere, needed religious consolation, sympathy and encouragement. Ca&on; Doyle. — The indignation which the atrocipus prosecution of the Very Reft Csuaon Tpm Doyle has provoked inIreland, and more especi ally in Wexford, where his name is one toconjure Vritb, han only bS equalled byfe consternation it has created at the' vastle. *fhey are like a pack of cur^ who, having started out hare-hunt uig, come fape, torfacewith a grim old lion from whom there is no safe retreat. Ail ^Wexford is on ITaffie vrathnghieous indignations .3c meetings/Sprang up as by- magic everywhere round Messrs^ .-3* cD» (^^livan, M.P.^ and 'TOU^pfc^o^ as ithpy .mad the toui?qfttheopuuty, Mid their, stirrin, words _were almost anticipated by the fWewhwd crpwds. v #£ Enniscorthy/qe indignation r of ShyS ^people ' is at fever^ hea£ i-'-'At: <*^greiat meeting held there CoWardJy rveffcibn,! of what heeaidy gave (^uent^ice'tothe^popdlarindi^h iftiky Sthd ' p* ■ 'ffir * hb|fl yflhiei add' 'clear wotrd^ whichbSyramte .qnehe 4o faear/VThe bolderhuwordtk1 weHe.thelmiaer and \- thV ^touie^pf the dy deaoaneedrOJJd riiicaledrthe cowardly outrage of prosecuting the venerable priest for attending meetings of the -suppressed branches of the NationalyXeague, which Mr. Balfonr hak declarodto "be things of the past.'' "I do no£know," said Mr. Healy, " if you over heard of a celebrated French lady whp declared she did not believe ih ghosts, but die was afraid of them. Mr. Balfour does not believe in ghosts, but he is mightly afraid of them all the Same-" No neater thrust has been given to the author of " Philosophic Doubtsince he first condescended to coerce us. : Nor was the invective of Mr. William' Redmond, who stood on the same platform, less scathing. Thb Concordat.—No $nemy of the Catholic Church (says the London Universe,oi the 22nd June), ever made such'a high bid for the support of that very Church as M. Jules Ferry did in the speech he delivered last Monday. He goes a great deal further in this speech than be did in the one he made in the Chamber of Deputies a fortnight ago. The - passage relating to the Church may besummed up as follows " We don't want the Concordat repealed. If the Church benefit .by it, we on our part are greater garners Btiil. Let the tie between Church and State be severed, and the Republic won't be worth six months' purchase. We don't want to propitiate the Catholic Church, but we want it to feel that its interests, both spiritual and temporal, are as safe under the Republic as under the Monarchy. Of course there can be but one material power in the land, which is that of the State; but so very far from wishing to do away with the moral power of the Church, we want to strengthen it." 