LATEST TELEGEAMS. Lumlou, March 13, At tho sitting oí tliii Parnell Ouniui; «ion yesterday, ;i v/ii:icrt i nairiijii (Juara Mulgueny doposod (hal. ¡hu Uni VOM usu hy tim Photiix Park mtinlemr.s wm previous to tho comniiósiim of tho ct runt exhibited tit thu league's offices at Wes! minster. He also co.-uimicd tho pay met of £100 hy Mr. P.irnuU to Pairie O'By ruo. Sir B/iehard Wolwtor tdaled ? that th evidence of thia wiliivwi completed ll: Times' eas«. Tho Commission ilion adjourned nut: April. Mr. ßoberl Deuuis, n journalist wei known in hi» profession, hus sued M Hetmiker-Heaton, M.P., tor Ciutcrhurj and sometimes ternn'il tint *" Mouther ft Australia," for £500. Mr. Dennis claim this sum on the ground that lie was i tho habit of writing all Mr. lionuikei Heston's speeches, and n\m that he wrol Iiis articles appearing iii the Nationc "Review, his letters to tho Times, and th Postmaster-General from 1SS5 to 188É hiB Btntouient to tho Colonial Conference aud in fact that lie hus beeti neting « hie literary " ghost. " for tho pact thro yunis. Thc action luis berni sot timi h Mr. Hcmiiker-Healim paying £400 HU alt cuate. Au impression pnu'.-iil.s in ufQith circles that. Prince Bismarck \A agtvoaltl tu Eugiaud beitouniig tho mandater; pu iver ¡II Samoa. Tho Italian Opera Company at pre Kent performing ul Drury LAM; hu* boot engaged to perform in Molhotu-iiu. Tho Otto Tin Mino has been sold fo; £26,000, subject to a favourable repor from tho Euglish expert s «rho »re to hi sent eut to examine tim mine. London, March 14, 2.35 a.m. ? At tho Colonial Institute banquet las! [ night three, hundred members were pro sent. Sir Arthur Blyth, Agout-Genern! for South Australia, in returning thanks for tho toast of his health, thanked thc Duke of Cambridge tor the assistance given hy him to the Adelaide Exhibition .of Inst your, when chaiminn of thc British Commission. Tho Priuce of Wales in propos, äug tho toast " Prosperity to the ?Colonial Instituto" said that ho re- gretted that tho lack holli of tittie, and .opportunity liad prevented him from vieitiug Australasia, iu the welfaro ol «which ho felt the deepest iuterest. It was, ho considered, tho duty Of every i?ritish statesman to in.-tkn a point of visiting the colonies. Tho Priuco of Wales also proposed the toast of tho Army and Navy, and refer rod to the fact that, the colonies had not <inly made efforts lo protect thomselres. hut had als» como forward to assist in .¡he defence of the Euipire generally. He «»specially eulogised tho offer of South Australia to send troops to th« Transvaal, uud tho despatch of tho Now South Wales contingent to tho Soudan. He spolie in terms of praise of Sir Graham Berry, Agent- General for Victoria, and characterised him as beiuçr au able and distinguished statesman. Tho Duke of Cainbridgo aud Lord Charles Beresford responded to tho toast. In another speech tho Priuco of Wales aaid that he believed thc Colonial Insti- tute had yindi}* assisted in bringing about un improved foeliug bot»veen tho Colonies and tho mother-country. While ho hoped that tho Imperial Institute and the Colonial Instituto would coalesce, he .disclaimed having anjr dosiro that tho latter .-.¡i./u <i Jw absorbed by the fonnor. ii »rd Carnarvon, in proposing tho foa-ït of AL* United Empire," said that while it was desirable that them should he a closer union between tho mother country and lier colonies, there wan at the samo timo no wish on tho part of Euglish statesmen to curtail the self govorniug powers of tho colonies. Lord Knutsford, in replying to tho NMist, said ho was convinced t hit it was «Miiüthwig lunch stronger than mere icittrment which bound England anil her .tolonies together. Nitwa has heeu received of tho death it Naples, on tho 12th inst., of Sir William Stawell, cx-Ciiiof Justico ol' Victoria. Sir William Poster Stawell, son of Mr. tona* Stawell, of Old Court, co. Cork, born i 1815, ivas educated at Trinity College, .ubliu, and called to the Irish bar in 1839. | io was appointed Attorney General, and a .amber of Ibo Executive Council of the dany of'Victoria in 1851, became Chief .', tsLice of thc Supremo Court of Victoria !.. I85fi, and was knighted in 1857. Most of the early legislation ol' tho colony of Victoria waa hi* work. For SJOÜK' years pant tile ridout of Iiis early lab mrs has beon tel- ling against bim, and his grand constitution lias gradually givuu way. In spite of a visit to England he had to resign the Chief Justice- ship wbicli waa confurrod upon Mr. lligin botiium. Sir William then received a commission as Lieutcaant- Govcruor. Thc ex-Chief Justice was one of tho finest specimens of Australian colonists, being c«]ually admirable in every department of lifo and action.] 