PRINCE RUDOLPH'S DEATH. The Albany correspondent of the S.M. Herald telegraphs from Albany the following account of the death of Prince Rudolph, received by the English mail under date 10th February: — The myatery surrounding the death of the Crown Prince of Austria has given rise to many conflicting statements. The following narra tives supply details of the versions most widely circulated. Rudolph had for the last three years at loast been living in bad ways. His disappointment at not haying a son firet estranged him from his wife, and his sub sequent infidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a oat-and-dog life. The Prince, a man of slight build, nervous sympathetic tem perament, highly imaginative and ex citable, took to excessive drinking. He lost interest in his literary pursuits, as well as artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement. He did mad things when ont bear-shooting and deer-stalking, and was frequently seen with flashed face. He took pleasure in loose society, and became smitten with fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and the end was that he became haunted with fear that he might go mad, like Louis 11. of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Baroness Marie yon V. Young, a lady of 21 years, one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to the old Czech family, and was the niece of a well-known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between the baroness and Orown Prinoe began some months ago, and this increased the estrangement between Rudolph and Stephanie. The Prince scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain • divorce. He counted confidently upon re ceiving assistance from the Emperor, on account of the disappointment experienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappoint ment, the Emperor point-blank refused to oountenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he un doubtedly is, very much attached to the Orown Princess, and rated his son for his nnmarital conduot. On Sunday, the 27th January, there was a terrible scene be tween the Prinoe and his wife, who threatened to return to her parents at Belgium. The Emperor told the Prinoe he would appoint him Governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. "There," he said, "you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals." At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Rene's reception on the same Sunday evening. He was then wearing a Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed somewhat and flighty. The next morning his father sent to him and repeated what he had said on the previous day, but with more peremptoriness, adding that he would give the Prince a week to make a sub mission, and promiso to lead a better life. Rudolph got very angry, left his father without kissing his hand according to the Austrian custom, and striding away to his apartments, took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prinoe W. Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos, inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a two-horsed cab, driven by a man named Bratfisch, a noted oomio singer. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of champagne. At first he was in very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to sing for him. The Prinoe, Hoyos, and Bratfisch remained together till 3 in the morning, but during intervals beJ| tween Bratfisoh's songs the Prince several times left the dining-room and went to his study to write letters, whioh were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. the company separated on the understanding that the Prinoe would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. From this point the stories differ, some making the girl who committed suicide, not the Baroness M., but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy, of Portngese extraction and fierce temper. On the Tuesday afternoon, the day after the Prince's departure from Vienna, she had been out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while they were in a ware house together. On reaching Meyerling she insisted on seeing the Prinoe, and at the inter view quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, and declared her shame would Boon become ?üblic, and ended by saying that unless the rinoe would take her openly under his pro tection, and elope with her for a few weeto, she would commit suicide. Tho Prince was so frightened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed she should remain for the night at Meyerling; she was accordingly installed at the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named Grathsohaat. At night the Prince slipped out and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to see his sweetheart. At this hour the under keeper named Weedring was go^ng his night rounds of the castlo grounds. Weedring had orders to call the head keeper at 6, and at the hour appointed went to the lodge and knocked at the door. He was carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun, which was slung over his bock, and suddenly, while he knocked at the front door of the house, he heard the window at the side of the house open and somebody jump out. Having no idea that the Prinoe was in the house he ran round. Seeing a man saampering away in the dark he shouted to him to stop instantly, and not getting an answer, fired. The Prinoe dropped, hit in the shoulder. Weedring hurried up, and the Crown Prinoe, struggling to his feet,, gasped out, " I am Archduke Rudolph ; I am hit; lead me to the Schloss." The Prince swooned just aa he reached the window, where the girl whom he had left a few moments before was standing. Weedring appears then to have called out in his distrac tion that he had killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew in dismay, and swallowed the contents of a bottle of poUon which she had brought with her. The Prince, recovering quickly from his swoon, ordered Weedring to help him to walk to the Schloss, and gave him strict injunctions to hold hid tongue. The Prince then went home shortly after and was found dead, drenched with blood, and lying half out of his bed with a revolver on the floor. From another account it appears that when the Prince wont to Meyerling the Baroness Marie disappeared from home, leaving a noto for her mother, in which she said she was going to drown hersolf. The terrified mother instantly went to Count Taaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause inquiries to be mado, and detectives were accordingly placed upon her track. They made the discovery that she was staying with the Crown Prince at Moyerling. Taaffo con veyed this information to the mother, who., on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning home the mother found another letter from her daughter, dated Meyer ling, in which the youthful baroness announced that she and the Crown Prince had resolved to commit suicide together. It seems that the Prince had promised her marriage as soon as he obtained bis divorce from tho Princess, and when he informed her that this was now im possible, owing to the Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they did on the Wed* nesday morning in the bedroom of the Prince. When Loschell, the valet to the Prince, en tered the bedroom in the morning, after vainlj knocking for admittance, he found the dead bodies of the lovers lying on the bed. Before calling anyone he carried the body of the Baroness into an adjoining room, so that when Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count H. Kyofl. on being summoned by Los ohell, entered the bedroom, they only saw the body of the Crown Prince and naturally con cluded it was a simple case of suioide, as wai reported to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's death the Emperor at once suspected the truth and exclaimed. "I would rather have lost a province than this disgrace should have befallen me." The Borne correspondent of the Daily News says he was able to learn the exaot particulars of what ooourred at the Vatican between the Holy See and the Imperial family at Vienna on the occasion of Rudolph's death. The Pope received the first telegram announcing simply the death of the Prince, to which his Holiness himself wrote a reply of four lines, and this for him was an extraordinary thing to do, as he has the greatest difficulty in holding a pen. On tho following day there came a long telegram from Vienna explaining the whole circumstances of the case, from which it appeared that there had been both a suicide and a duel. A difficulty therefore arose to decide whether the Arohduke should have religious burial according to canonical law. Suicide being considered in the light of mad ness a religious service is granted, but not for those killed in duel. A congregation of the cardinals was immediately called by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion tho cardinals came to the con clusion that only one deranged in mind could have entered into suoh a duel; and the natural consequence of the decision was that the necessary permission was granted. The Emperor received the news with the deepest gratitude, and telegraphed to the Popo that in his great bereavement his Holiness had spared him the greatest grief. 