fe^f^toG1 ' NOTB^FROM^ U YICTOKIAf /(BY 'CHWABjW.') .? - \ y Tho w&f.; I Tho ^paning day oC the V.B.C. Gr/tnd : NatiuDal Moeung wall in every way a grdat |»«uapeM, ' The weatbfr was dull and oold, but not by any neana unseasonable, aad i-qflto attendanae wawromarkably good, among t.'.- Viose present bsinarSir William Kobinson and ^ ^Kia lady, who ooqapied the vica- reRal box, oblong with the dutiognished party from Go ^Heroment Hon»/. Tho only thing that any ^Hnlt oonld ba/ound with was the railway ^^Bnuuomsnts, .whioh on the rotucn journey simply d/sffraoe£al. The sport was in ^^?e'ating, eweoially to punters, who - buo ^^Bdsd in smcting evory winner. The open. event, /the Maiden Hurdle Bjoe, only ^^Mght cm a field of eight, oxaotly the same ^Htterj«s laat year, When Boolk* won. was . qaioaly installed favourite a^Mio 2, and maintained hia plaoe ?'? notnithatanding that both and Stafford bad a namsrou« folloir :% iil|^PA big bay gelding nam^d d^m, by King j'V XwRv.oirned by yoaug Mr. Cox, ihj amatenr ^.feidaKMVkaa baoked at 5 to 1, and Parnell \- -tatfD4|ke of .Wellington) m . Corrigan's ttaqa, .wad friends at 6 to 1. Most of ths . ^lkoria ifimped well except Beoull, who vu as Oluasy ks ever, and Parnell taokl ng Ft oho at :'! .'llw;laat obstaole thoy ran head aad head to sv . tbe/ winninfr post, Frolio winning by a short ?~X liaad Stafford waa a Rood third. The waa bred atBraidwood, N.S.W., by E. W. Bog en, and ia by Julian Avenel from Joannetto. Last year ns met with an .- aooident in the Grand National Hurdle Baoe, ; ? whioh plaoed him hors de combat for nearly . twelve months. Both Sam and Parnell per r fomed oreditably, and so did Stafford, and .-?li will be heard of in the future in oonneo- . J -fcon with open hurdle raoes. Chintz was \- regarded as the beat of the lot engaged in the ^Two-year-old Plaoed Handicap, but nothing ! K^had a ohanoe with the HobartviUe-bred The B 'Wtld-m t, the property of W. S. G. Cook, j S''who purohSeed him for a trifling sum as a I ' yearling. He is \by Epigram from the im i ' - ported mare Bankeir^, and although he ia on '' the small side, he possesses the gift of gal ;lopmg. Crown Jewel was left at the post, ? and tcok no part in the raoe. Ten horses ' ? oame out for the Maiden Steopjeohaae, W. S. Miller supplying tho favourite llN^tiie home* ?; bred Benmark; by Dante from Cooiyrie, by Panio. Cygnet, who has run well ^several . .times in publio, was also fanoied, Vvt he \- Bpoiled his ohanoe by refusing opposith the etand, and, although he subsequentlyVgot ^ round, he could not make up his lost groniW, and the favourite, bounding away like V ' - mountain door, won all the way, Lawler, a eon of Sussex, finishing second, and Blaok K-: Diamond third. Fearless, a good out of a horse, ridden by Mr. J. S. Edge, shaped well : Ti^til he fell; bat Bub Batty, who is over ''here on a visit from Sydney, had the mount .- on a scrubby- looking thing oalled Pinetop, \- Who walked in with the crowd.- The Grand \- r National Hurdle Bace attraoted a field of 17. : .the largest field that has ever started for this . event. The betting indicated that it would -bo a two-horse raoe, for only Corythus and Bedleap were baoked for money. There was . Buch a rush to get on CerythuB that at one '? ?timo even money was excepted, in hundreds, Buoh a good thing did the Ballarat division deem it for the son of Paris. Bat the partizans of Beadleap were nst to be lightened, and they stuck to their guns . -to the laat, taking all the money they oould \- set down to 3to 1 and 5 to 2. Aooordingly Elfrida, about whose ohance 6 to 1 bad bean , taken, receded to 10. to 1, and 12 to l was , on ' offer bar three. Ayrshire found plenty of Bupport among the Sydney people, tvho were ?: well represented at the meeting; but 14 tol Aiwa va nhffl.inn.WA ahonc him and « 'Nooroo, Bedleap's stable coinpinion, receded to 20 to 1. The race is easily deaoribed, for Nooroo held the lead until reaching tha ' ' iiver the last time round, when Rjdleap : -ndied to the front, and holding bis own to ? the end of .the journey won in a common \- canter from Corythus, who had hardly aa effort left to finish - with. The Bhymer Sined third plaoa on snfforance, as dy. Wilde, . who oonld have been there, ; eased off in the last few strides. Ayrshire v Was fifth.. Lord Harry fell at the sheds, and bis nder, a son of Mr. James Wilson, the ' Ballarat trainer, received conousBion of the \- ilrain. He was removed to the Melbourne. \- 'Hospital, where he did not regain oon ?: Boiouaneaa nntil 4 o'olool^on Sunday after \- - noon. -He is now reported to be muoh better ; '- ' but not yet ont of danger. ..Two hurdles from v. j - home there was a bit of a sorimmage, caused by The Victim falling and bringing down Frolio,- who was going so strong at the time' and WbS so olose up with the leaders, that Bolger swears he would have troubled the winner. Elfrida oame to grief at the aame spot. Corythus ran a gooi '' horse, oonBiderng that he was giving Bedleap 2at, but he was' greatly distressed on pulling up, and seemed to be a .- . tnfle overdone. Mr. Cox, jun., handled Bed ' . - leap in bis -best style, and although he nearly , , fell at the last obstaole, he.reoovered his hci'EO and landed him one of the eaaiaafc ' Winners ever seen — iu faot, another atone ? would not have made any difference to the xesnlt. Bedleap, who is . named after a gentlemen's reBidenoa in Sydnoy, ia by Dante, 'V' from Pandora, and ia therefore half-brother ? to tho grand thoroughbred Mernder,, His fitfet appearance waa in a ateepleohase at .' /Caulfield, when he blundered at a fenoe and unseated his jookey. Heatraok everybody at tbe time aa'a very promiaing horse, and 'his winning the'Grand National Hurdle Rioe on his second- appearanoe in publio stamps Jniii a good one.- He waa trained privately at ? Craig leburn, and his doings were teept suoh a secret tbatvery fewpersons had any notion that the Grand National Hurdlo Ease would be \- J' hiS ]ourney until Friday, when a oommtasioi ' -'Was thrown into the market, and was worked simultaneously at the Viotorian Clab and at ? the Oakleigh Park raoes. The Millera are ' 'Hot plungers, bnt they deemed Bedleap suoh \- ' ? a oortamty that thoy put more money on him \- ' tiian they over put on a horae before. Tneir winnings altogether amount to simeihiug liko ^£8000. It ia aaid that B3dleap was ' tried with seven horses, iaoluding Nooroo, '' ' Sam, Renmark, The Irishman, &o; , and that :? ho beat them like so many haoks. Hence the !? ' confidence of the stable. The rasult of tbe trial was well kept, although a ''- fortnight aga I hinted tbat ha wa? superior to NoOroo. Badleap ia so fast ' On the flat that he is thought to have -? more than an ontside ohanoe for the' Mel \- » bourne Cup. Malua won the Melbourne Cup, 'i.; and- afterwards won the Grand National \- Hurdlo Haeo, but should Bedleap add the '''' Melbourne Cup to his victories the perfor mance will be even more remarkable than was \- that of Mr. Inglis'hero. The vVintar Handi oap only brought out eleven horses to try oon ^elusions for the 500 sovs. Mr. Cook , wa3 v -.looked upon aa holding the key to the situa tion withDividend and JebuBite, and to make /; ?- assurance doubly Bure both were baoked by \- the stable conneotiona. The New Zealand v- mareMoss Bose was also in great demand, ; and the Ballarat party again put down the pieces on behalf of Teuton ; but nothing had \- the ghost of a ohanoe with Dividend, who won ;-i jn a canter from Teuton and Blue and White. Moss Ba?e ran very well to the turn, aid will ' yotwina good raae for Goodman. Dexter -:? .'.fell'- on entering. ths -straight, and interfered With Jebusite, otherwise Mr. Cook's harass Would/' probably have finished firat and ''aeoond. The day was thus a benefit; for MetBts. Cook and Miller, who eaoh won two ' raoea. 'i ,;. ,, The- meeting will ; be continued and oon cluded on Saturday 'next, when the ohief at traction will be the Grand National Steeple ' obase, the field for whioh will probably be. v mafle np aa follows : — ^ - Jr s ProbaDlo starters and jookoy a for tho y ' GRAKD NATIONAL BTEEPLECHiSE.y' Flashlight, 13at 5lb ... Corrigan. J \ x 'Kangaroo, 12st IH&Sm.; B, Batty. . (Tv -v , -^rBuby, IStat 91b ... !V Soobie. , \ % DjragOn, 12st 21b - ...^fiardner.: \ &HM.; J? t.^CJ:''; ... M*£.',S. Ectao. , VTBDmj:»,llBt;iMfrv- ? Kewfng. \ / TRheLfisnmah, llet Sib Watson. - \ B^Saptinoludin'elOllr' \ 'y-* penalty) list. 31b. ,„\Mr. W..S. Cox, Jun. f KCa*jthns.ll'it2lD '... l3arey. y : ' I ?''?'.JDialrt. lis :21b - .i-;'r;...,.-:.:MNBonrke. ? I &*;Sjt--Joshua,108t31b ;.. Byam. m . Kestrel, 9it 121b . ... Newlafli I Mahdi, 9at71b ... , . ... M'GregorK H . Flashlioht is doing as well aa hia bost fr enda oould wish, but ho has a ormhing weight to car'jj, and the las'; part df the journey may flcd -hiin out There is somo myotery surrounding Kangaroo. Some time ago he all bnt broke down, and he has liaa^a eusploious leg ever sinos, bat ho haa been . carefully nursed by his trainer, aud-if hs, oomesto the post fit and well, hd will aa\ nearly aspossible win, for ho ia one of tho'bSat^ 'ohasers in Au«tralia. and he oould not have a better pilot than Batty. Buby ran pretty woll at Can field a few weeka ago, and although a trifle sore, She gallops and jampa in her best style after she ia thoroughly warmed up to her work. Dragon's ohanoe oannot be looked npon with favour, bnt Saxon ia ahorte of another colour, and as he meets Flashlight on 91b better terms than when the latter beat him at Onkaparinga, ho ought to tnrn the tables npon tho ohesnut, whioh means that he will nearly win. Tho Millers will probably start three, The Irishman, Bedleap; and Eaglet. Bedleap haa been raised 101b tor hia Saturday's victory, but that is not likely to stop bim, although at the weight* tho ohanoe of Eaglet, who knows hisway over tbo oouutr ', is to be proJefiecL The - Irishman -.ia too erratic. Oo*ythus, ? it isvsaid, has been BohooledrfCver big fenoea, and if that ia the oasefit ia juat on the oards tt|at Bedleap will haye to plaj Beoond fiddle to him the next time they meet. Sir Joshua ia mnoh liked at head- quarters, and. as he haa a light-weight; he ought to finish in the first flight, and if a Bnrprise is_ in etora it may come from Kes trel, who is reported to^bo a muoh-improvad horee Htnoe he beat Beny and The Irishman at FleninRton, bnt I f shall anticipate the re sult as follows — Miller's best, probably EAGLET 1 Kangaroo ... ? 2 Saxon or Sib Joshua ... ... 3 My seleotions for the other events are : — SECOND HUBDLE BACE. BOLTON ... ;.. ... 'i.. 1 Elfrida ... ... ... ... 2 Islander or Nooroo ... ... 3 ' LAWN HANDICAP. TOBPEDO ? ... ... 1 Dividend ... '? ... ... 2 Derision or Apropos ... ... 3 FINAL HANDICAP. MOSS BOSE.. ? ... 1 TheChasmkb, ... ... 2 Pakeha. or Blue and White- ... 3 OPEN FLEM1NGTON STEEPLECHASE. EAGLET ? ? ' ? 1 Benmark '. ? 2 Native or Bent ? 3 Mr. Cox's good luok in the matter of weather did not desert him on Tuesday, and the fine, bright day had the effeot of attraot ing several thousands of spectators to Moonee . Valley, where - some exoellent sport was witnessed. I-Shonldn't- Wonder (3 to 1) added \ihe Trial Stakes to her many viotdriea, though tD^BUooess of Tempest would havelbeen more pala&*-le, perhaps, to baokers, who, however, soored ii' iha Hurdle Bace, whioh ' the favourite Darram (7 to 4) won oomfortably from William TbiV H- and Biohmond. The I last-named promises t'i-make a (fofd.jh'ir^lo racer in time. Invinoible fell over the last hurdle, but Holmes, the jockey, was not very mnoh hnrt, as he afterwards steered Bushman (7 to 4) to viotory in the Steepls ohaae. Old Goodwood, who ran Beoond to Bushman, was ridden by one of theBeagleys, who have aoqnired some reputation as amateurs, both in Ireland and England, but he did not finish well on the old ohaser, otherwise he might have been a bit nearer. The July Handioap brought about a rattling raoe between Vasoosa (5 to 4), and Bast Man -5 tol), who ran head and head for the last three fnrlongs, and they were so oloae to gether on passing the post, that the judge oouidhot divide them, the re u'.t beicg a dead bi at. In the deoider, pdda were laid on Vascosa, but she waa beaten easily by her opponent, who undoubtedly proved himself the best man. There may. be . nothing in it ; but thefaotthat VaEooaa'e jocfroyia under the thumb of an ill-famed {bookmaker who is the pretiding genius of the atable whioh p.ovided t: e winner, caused some pejpleto shake their beats.' and murmur,-, ?' Dinke,doodlem 1' Viotr'r Fountain, a brother of the :lever light weight Emeat Fountain, had hia maiden ' mount in the Selling Baoe, he being entrusted j with the task of steering Christophsr, who was baoked down to 6 to 4 on. It was deemed suoh a ' dead cert' that the bookmakers found some difficulty in laying a seoond horse ; but 1 the iittle boy on Christopher .lost ground at the start ; and Clement, who tarns up now and then when least expeoted, won easily from Clarendon ; '. the favourite finishing out ' of plaoe. . It Beems strange that horse-owners will pnt np ari inexperiehoed jockey when they think they have a good thing. Clement was bohght in for JB60. Mr. W. S. Cox, junr'., who won the Hurdle Race on Darrain, also won the Corinthian Handioap on Darkness, who is a full brother to Luoifer, who won about Sydney a few days. ago. The winner Btarted at 3 tol, Lady Wilde being favourite at evens. Some horses have a bad habit of never wisninor, unless along pries is on offer, and Lady Wilde seema to have fallen Into it. Maelstrom, who ran ssoond, was snspioionsly ridden by Mr. Dunlop ; but his explanation to the stewards was evidently satiafaotory, as he was let off -with the stereotyped oantion. There was nob an enormouB crowd at Epsom on Wednesday, on the oooasion of tha second meeting there ; and it is doubtful if Mr. Jenkins will ever have the eatiafaotion of seeing his big grand-stand filled, with spac eators. Some people are already prophesying that the plaoe will have no better luok than the Mentone Clnb, which has reoently under gone a change of management ; butitia to be hoped that no Buch misfortune will befall the spirited proprietor, who really deserves well of the. folk upon whose pleasure he has spent bo muoh money. Tbe meeting had been postponed from the previous Thursday, and like most postponed meetings it did not benefit by the ohange whioh -wet weather had rendered neoeasary. Better weather ooald not have been wished for, and aa there was some interesting racing the publio had n} reason to be dissatisfied. Iu the Hurdle Baoe Teddington (Corrigan up). waB reokon9d a dead bird, and at tho oloae odda were lail cn him. Considering the weiknosa of the opposition, the certainty seemed more than 5 to 4 ou bim; but to the dismay of his backers Darrain beat him all the way. Ths form was a direot oontradiotion ti that at Williamstown on tbe previous Saturday, when Teddington, although meeting Djrram on exactly the samo terms, beat Darrain in a cantor. Had not Mr. W. S. Cox., jun., been on the baok of Darrain on both oocajions rbere would have been grounds for ampioion, bnt Darrain bad bad luok at Wil'itmssowa. and tbo gallop at Moonee Valley had improvod him a let. That sebms tha only fea iole explanation o? tho Bidden ohange ia form. Woodbico foil at the firat hurdlo, and the jookey Barr was severely 'hurt about the head and body. The Point Nepesn Handioap fell ah easy prey to Escapade, who simply walked in, and later oh he oame out and juat as easily. appropriated the Woodland Handi oap, notwithstanding a penalty. Eajapade belongs to Mr. F. i'aneti, who recently brought him over from New Zealand along ?with Bewi, and as both have won raoss, he has been well repaid for his trouble and enterprise. The winner is by Puritan (son of CaBsivelaunus) from E'caps, and is a determined galloper. He started J^rtffrarite in' both raoes. Christopher waaf^-»ain en. trusted with his party's tieno^—inC tbe. Selling Baoe, but as at Moonee V^ijtfoy on the previouB day, he was beaten ojdrcof plaoe; the raoe going to the onoo^rgpoody Mooting, who won in a cantgm . from Gay Lad and Clement. .MockiKn bred at Mudsee by one o£ the Eoj^fand is by Hunter, the sire of Hazard. 4ffe was afterwards aold to Mr. JtaWr^oba for .6150. Knight of tho Garter, who looked very well, was made favourite Htor tbe Cheltenham Handioap, and be ran a'&ood; horse, but he failed to give half a stone to the New South Wales bred Baoul, who is a raochorse when in tin humour to extend himself, which is only at ^unexpeoted tjmea; -but on this ocoasionho iwaB well baoked, and perhaps that may have hbd Bcme^hing to do with hia improved form. ' Money wakes the -mare' to go1' sometimes appHes tp horses of the othet; sex. Aglaoa, ; Who haa fcaon on the shelf a long time, ran in v this raco, buthisdioky leg again gave way, Yena -it will be some time boforo he ro-appsars publio\ ^ Torpedo' Jjas joined Foulsham's strinar at Caulfield. a?-d tho BtcepleohaBor General t Gordon, Fergason's. *- _ Mr. H. Hainos haa had tho bad luok k-o lose the yearling by, St. Legor— ifata'sdam; whioh diod of lor castration. - -? ?'/ In a few days W. M'Kenna will bbtako him eelf to Brighton with his hbraesA Chioago, Whakawai; &o.; \ Jebutite has boon leased to Mr. Virgo o, ot Deniliqain. \ \- Glowlight, by Torohlight, haa arrived from Tasmania. ^. Goldstream and Yule, and tho otoaplo obaBera Outsider and Mahdi, have arrived from Adelaide. Outsidor and Mahdi will pro bably figure at tho Grand National Meeting. \Che protest against Blaze, winner of the Mordialloo Handioap, has been dismissed. Mr. Alf. Josephs, tho well-known book maker, haB boen re-oleoted president of the Bendigo Hospital. The results at Dandenong on Monday wore as follows 12.2 Handioap, Sauoy (evens)i; 13 Handioap, Sanflower (4 to 1) ; 13.2 Selling Baoe, Colleen Bawn (3 to 1) : 13.2 Selling Baoe, Lara (4 to 1 on); 12.2 Selling Baco, Kew Lass (4 to 1) ; 14 Handioap, Topsy Brown (7 to 4). Taylor and Flood oaoh rode two winners, Anothor meeting waa held at Dan denoBg on -Thursday. Invinoible (4 to 1) won tho Hurdle Baoe, Sauoy (2 to 1) the 12.2 Pony Handioap, Evergreen (3 to 1) the Book mak.ra' Purae, Emerald (7 to 1) the 13 2 Pony Soiling Baoe, Mayfield (5 to 4 on) the 12.2 Pony Selling Baoe, and Topsy Brown (6 to 4 on) the 14 Hands Pony Handioap. - Every favourito bnt one won at Oakleigh Park on Friday, and baokera had a real good day. Pete (7 to 4 on) won the 13.2 Maiden Plate ; 8auov (3 to 1) the Singapore Stakes ; | Topsy Brown (3 to 1 on) the Disposal Stakes ; Jimmy (6 to 1) the Calantta Handioap ; Zoo (3 to 1) tho Hastings Plate; and Hard Timos (6 to 4) the Visianagram Stakes. The gelding, by Goldabrongh, from Sea breeze haa been named Lea Long. Mozart, Wildfire, and The Promised Land arrived on Friday from Tasmania. . i A brother to Bolton died at Warrnambool laBt week. At a sale of horses on Friday, Engine (tho i dam of Arohie) fetched ISO guineas, the I purchaser being Mr, M. M lntoBh, of Gipps land ; a three-year-old sister to Arohie went ♦o the samo bnjer for 145 guineas. Mr. J. C. Younger bought Rapidity for 115 guineas, and Mr. Jamea Wilson gave 100 guineaa for a two-year-old filly by Bapidity— Forlorn. 