SPORTING GOSSIP- Br "CBiKEfittML" 3, VCtntchflS', the trainnr nf Green Ile, «jD rideCt»audl«r in theGrand National Hurdle Uoe and Steeplechase, tfalor Oeoccrn announces that Nelson has COOpiewa bk van career. Arte eon or aung Goto has won L8106 15 in «take. ihr imy for the Grand National ft ncrile Bus > Bolton, and if a ml much outsider abopldget botne, it may bo either Perfectto or Sam. Ofesardan, by The Assyrian from Cleopatra ww ahippjed eery quietly from Tasmania hot jreek. This gelding is supposed to be located aomewliere neat Vle«ainnoa. As die July Stakes won by Singapore at the A. J. C. Meeting wae worth aomrtnixur under 1900, the sob of Malacca' penalty in tbe Mel bourne Cup will only be 51b. In the Albury Foal Stakes, to be run in 1691, I notice that one of Tradition's set hae bran nominated This grand daughter oi Richmond ia named Bona be, and is out of a mare named Mabel T, Ferguson, junr..isat present located at tbe Racecourse Hotel, Flemtngtoo, with eight horses and four ponies. He will boweirr, ibordy rexnure in tba Ihlrera district where be ft having stabbc built. By tlie Faieena, which arrived yesterday from Tasmania, camp a jumping bone named Glowlicht, by Torchlight from a Flying Dutchman mare. Tbegelding will keep Green Die company at Flemington, Black Diamond, a Maiden Steeplechase candidate, baa arrived at head quarter. This -ton of Postmaster and Black Bess looks like going fast. If bo can jump be will prove a tough customer to shake off. Viniage, who won a double at the Brighton taoes (Taa.) lut week, ia by British Wononsu from First Fruit, who is a rare-bred mare, seeing that she is by Broomfelaw from Cherry Tree pv The Flying Dutchman. Old Shamrock struck the first of the treble in front of the Staud at Williamstown on Ssturdsy in tbe Steeplechase, but wu cleverly caved by Thompson. The shock, however, spoilt whatever chance the sen of Romulus , M of winning, , After tbe conclusion of the Epsom Handi cap at TYIIliajnstown on Saturday the bones wnrejdaced— St. Johnfirat, and Daystar and jfauinnatiftadead heat for aecona money. Tbe numbers were however altered and the latter wauplaeed third. When Clarendon was bo far in front of his two opponent in the Selling Race at William town, lOtol was laid on the eon of Torchlight several tinn, Imagine the reo-hot backer disgust when the inace defeated the favorite ! Wooloongoon threw Newland with great force in tho Williametown Steeplechase at one of tbe fences oa the far aide. The rider had such a hold of the reins that tbf bridle, came clean off tbe horse's head. Newland was unhurt. Lawler, by Sussex from Fair Nell, should be able to jump, that i if he has had any of his sire's ability at that game transmitted to him. This gelding reached Flemington nn Monday evening, His party fancy his chance in ihf Matdeu Steeplechase I am am told. So poor Sam Ihrtin has gone the way nf all fob. Hie "Warrigal nf the Track," as he was termed by some trainers t Flemington, though of a rough exterior was not so bad as his enemies would have him made out, and I, at least can speak of kindly words of advice re ceived from the deceased. JUauietcat in pace. In the Hurdle Race at Williamst iwn on Saturday, there were no less than six horns who made tbeir first apjiearance before a metropolitan audience At the game, viz., Arcadia, .Juba, Bolingbroke, Roonda. The Loafer (who is not the son of Grand Flaneur who beam the same patronymic) and Lotd Rose be ry. That old equine wonder, Nelson, is at last to leave the cost for the paddock where tbe son of King Cole and My Idea should be a great success. Nelson's record shows that he started €6 times and was victorious or; 23 occasions. ID was second 18 times and was third S times, whilst he rau outside of a position on 19 occasions. An Adelaide paper writes "The gentle men who have been racing Aldivalloch have tired of the son of Gang Forward and Roy's Wife, and he has been returned to Morpheit- ville. Itaeemsa pity that Aldivallnch i« not given a longer trial, as he would surely win a race before the Spring Meetings are over." The Tasmauian bred gelding, Iro by Castle HjII, lias never started in a Stcpte- cl'as in the land of his birth, but at Agricultural shows has proved his fencing abilities. I saw this gelding last week schooled over the big timber st Flemington. and he impressed me as being a very clever fencer, and lie seemed to have a bit of pace also. In the course of cenversation with Mr G. b. M'Danald, tbe clever trainer of Hortense and other pood horses on Saturday I a«kcd that geutlemnn when he wbb likely to bring the Jiursesuuder his charge over from Adelaide. He said he was undecided, just at present, what to do. Sluggard he informed ins would however return to Bnllarat and Chetwynd was to bp given a spell at St. AlbanR. At the Roeedofa races held la week, a one- evrd pony nfinicd Jackass, won the Steeple cuase, beating such approved performers at the gams an Sea King, Whisperer, Freress, Mermaid and Brown Ragle. Hie winner, who only stands 14.2, was ridden by It. Hice, and earned Art 121b over two utile, Jackass, it in said can negotiate a fence 5 feet (5 incite, which is a remarkably good performance for a burse of his inches, At a mixed meeting of tbe Lower Heathcote (N.2.) Racing Club, held last month, some dis satisfaction was caused by a rider named Munro mounting one horse fDritspraliu-irary, and ndiug another in the actual race. The attentiou ct the stewards was cslled to the matter, and at a meeting they held subse quently it was decided to fine Mur.ro L5, and caution the jockey, R, Kingan, for the part he bore in the afTsir. I see by an advertisement in tbe 41 Courier " that what is claimed to be the first horsetacing in the world by electric light, will take place about tli: end of this month at the Exhibition grounds, Brisbane, when the promoters will run thrw pony races, and an open trot handi cap, during the intervals of the divisions of their Sheffield Handicap, fa ia claimed this is a novel idea in turf matters, and should attract a large number of spectators. Last week I saw Sir Joshua schooling over tile big timber at Flemington, which bedeared in the most approved fashion. I don't know whether this son of laureate had bee utilised when in Queensland for rounding up cattle, but at airy rate "Ans mentor, Ryan, always carries a Mockwhtp when he ia exercising the hone, either o w fence or on the flat. Yes terday morning Sir Joshua cleverly negotiated four miles of Country. I still fancy this horse or Ruby will win xbe Steeplechase on the 20'h inst. Mr Clias. Watson experienced a slice of bad luck last week. Ho had sent his mare. Dark Hill, down bv train, along with his others, to fulfil her engagement at the Mount Gsmbier meeting. She ap)earad all right when put into the train at Border Town, but on getting tier out at tho end of the journey it was noticed that something was wrong with the mare. She died during the night. It is supposed the mare must have anatuned anme internal injury, but bow inflicted is a mystery. I fancy the scraping sheds at the southern end of tne Flemington training ground were never — well, hardly ever—so hard to approach owing to the sloppy condition of the ground, a they were last week. If some ashes, of which the Railway department usually have a superabundance, were spread upon the muddy apsoft and well rolled in, the thanks of trainers, jociceya and others whose business i takes ihem there, would be loudly enough expressed from thsgrouud for the ranker to hear them at his cottage on the hill I fancy. Will Jonathan take the hint f Although I did not back Kuy for the! Williera«town Steeplechase I thought she ; was not very artistically bandied, see ing that tlie daughter of Australian Dock bad the steadier of 12 1 91b. After making Dearly all the running, she came into the Straight very wide and allowed Sir John Moore to get np next the rails. Just as the Utter ' bad Reny safe Bushman, nicely handled bv F. Hoimso, toolc advantage of au opening on the rails and much to the disgust of Sir John Moore's rider won by half a length. The xnare was not ridden by Mr W. S. Cox, jun., on this occasion but H. Watson who has steered many winners for tbe Alphington stable bad the mount. "We have a rare ghost ot football club here , In Sheppartoa, one which would require some thing in the shape of a aggravated earthquake it lireo it up." Writes a local piper We give credit to those handful of gentlemen who nave tried their level best to make the club a nccss, but wo sincerely Rymit&thiso; with them in having such an uphill game to play, and would recommend tha tbey throw up the club altogether rather than endeavor to work with-; out the amstance which, be it said to tho last- ; it'g disgrace of the large number of able-bodied but lazv. athletes Shvpparton, his been shamefully withheld." The paragrsphUtis de- oidrdiy moan on the athletes who reside in the district named. InaGippsland paper MMelt.mw writes:— 4The Bairosdale committee Wonld do well to ensure tlw presence of a blacksmith at tlirir next meeting. ' Messrs Fearaun and_ Davies were grvstlyluoonveuienord by oot being able tc have their lions looked after. In fact Fire- Jock bad to run in tbe handicap without plates ou, His -shoes were only removed by tta trainer with the sid nf a cltw»hAtnrar. As tnach as U was offered to a local blacksmith to remove tba abbe off Firelock, but he refused, end another lid the cheek to refuse from what be called Vdigioua' motives." As the races were nut field «n a Sunday, I am unable to State wtiAt tbeamlth's religious motives were. One of the finest .finishes I have seen for eom time was tbt in tbe £psom Handicap at WiUiamstowii on Saturday. Honndiog into the straight fbuoleaeko was in Iront, only to be dvpostd -In afew strides !iy Numismatist, wholookeoall over a winner half way up she KMisht At the pfievam'stud Daystar shot our and joined tho up country hone, fit. John at tbe same time chipping in between them, A desperate struggle en sued for a done lengths or so, tbe favorite bring tbe first to fed the high pressure. Tt other two fierht is nutto the Wtjwmd, with tbe result that Joe Gardner landed bis mount a clsvir winder. From where 1 stood I was under tbe impression that St Jahn and Day- star made a dead best of it. In the coarse of conversation she other tnopiittg with M. Csrmody, tbe trainer of Oh ail filer, the sloppy condition ot the Flemmgton mining trades was toadied upon, the tan one in particular. IVhrn in New Zealand Carmooy said a new tan trade was laid down on roe Auckland course thus-wise: An excavation was made the full width of tbe track and pretty deep, as may be guessed when st is atated that the whole of it was laid with bluestone cubes, none of which were less than a foot square. That completed, a layer of scoria totbndepthof aix incbes was next spread a|xm the pitcher and finally a vcey thick depth of tan. At abort distances right rmiod the circle proper pro vision was Disde for drainage, wirb the result that a splended track was avsiiablo in ali wratbera. By way of apol«>xy for iho Flemington tracks Carmudy said that the training ground he sprite of was much better eiiuatedfor getting clear of its .storm waters. 