SWEET KITTY A STORY OF BOTANY BAY BY EDWARD BEVAN (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED) IT was an inky night. Not a star was to he seen, and the clouds swept across the sky with tre- mendous velo- city, telling of bad weather out upon the white-crested ocean, whose billows broke with a roar upon the rocks below. Scarcely the sort of night one would choose to go out for pleasure, yet as Jack Ormiston stood at the brink of the cliff and gazed to windward, his thoughts, unlike his environment, were as bright as the scene was gloomy, for was he not going to marry the girl he loved — sweet Kitty Rayburn ? Of all who had sought her he had been chosen, and his lips were yet warm from her kisses, placed there but one short half-hour ago. Little he recked of storm and gloom with the love of such a girl to warm his heart. * * * * 'Help! Murder!' Ormiston started as a voice from the darkness behind him uttered the cry. It was a time when smugglers ran cargoes ashore upon the coast, and Hounslow Heath was still frequented by gentlemen of the road; when life was held cheaply, and hang- ing or transportation was judged the fit penalty of petty larceny. It was a period of brutality and drunkenness, and the Crown of Merrie England had just been placed upon the head of the 'First Gentleman of Europe,' His Majesty George IV. Still Jack Ormiston was not one who paused to calculate chances or moralize upon the dangers of the times when appealed to for help, so clutching his stick he ran rapidly in the direction from whence the cry had come, and saw the figure of a man defending himself desperately against the attack of three others. Jack gave a shout of encouragement, and rushed to the spot, but almost at the same instant a terrific blow from a stick stretched the man upon the ground, and his assailants, after ex- changing a few blows with his rescuer, in which he received a nasty knock on the head, took to their heels and fled. Kneeling beside the prostrate figure, Jack discovered to his satisfaction that the heart still beat. The man was merely stunned, and a few minutes later, uttering a groan of pain, he tried to raise himself to a sitting position. 'Where in the devil's name am I?' he exclaimed. Jack sprang to his feet with a great revulsion of feeling at his heart, for there at his feet, lay one whom he hated as a rival, and whom he once believed to have been dear to his Kitty. 'You were attacked,' he answered, 'and I came to your rescue.' 'What ? John Ormiston ! Is it you? What are you doing here ? Ah ! I know,' he said, savagely, 'sneaking after my sweet- heart, eh? Trying to malign me ? I know you !' 'You can say what you like now, Robson,' replied Jack, 'for Kitty Rayburn loves me — me — do you hear ? She has promised to be my wife, so I can afford to laugh at your lies !' and as he spoke, in order to give emphasis to his words, he stooped over the prostrate man. There were people approaching, and Rob- son's quick ear caught the clink of a cutlass, and knew them, from old as- sociation, to be the coastguard. A devilish thought entered his head. 'You shall never marry her,' he said, as he seized Jack by the coat. 'Help! murder! help!' he yelled at the top of his voice. ' Let me go, you infernal scoundrel, what do you mean ?' shouted Jack as he tried to disengage himself. ' I .mean that you shall never marry Kitty Rayburn,' repeated the man as he redoubled his cries ; and then Jack struggled in real earnest to tear himself away, even going so far as to deal the wretch a savage blow with his stick, but it was all to no purpose. In an instant he was surrounded by the coastguard and secured, whilst Rob- son charged him with being in league with the smugglers, and having tried to murder him. Protestations and expostu- lations were useless, and so he was led off and placed in the guard-house. AVho shall describe the feelings of sweet Kitty when she heard of what had happened ? She would never believe that ' her Jack' had attempted to kill a man of that sort. Robson must have betrayed him by some trick. Once she visited her lover in prison, and was removed fainting, for he could give bei no hope of his being able to clear him- self ; and his counsel told him plainly that everything was against him, ever his known love for her. Then ther( was his meeting with Robson, and that part of the assault which was witnessed by the coastguard. And he was right, for when poor Jack was brought up for trial, charged with assault, with intent to kill, he was convicted and sentenced to FOURTEEN TEARS SERVI- TUDE IN THE PENAL SETTLEMENT OF BOTANY BAY, aud barely escaped with his life. # # # # ' Jack Ormiston was an orphan. His father, a country gentleman, who in his young days had been considered as some- thing of a ' blood,' had crippled himself and his resources to such an extent, that when he 'died he left to his only child but little more than the name and a few hundred pounds of annual income to keep it going. The old place in Somersetshire had seen but little of Jack, for he had spent most of his time from home, and at his father's death actually left his college at Oxford to take possession of the house where his family had lived for so many years. Here, it is scarcely necessary to state, he found time hang heavily on his hands until the day when first he met ' Sweet Kitty.' She was the only daughter of a well-to do yeoman farmer who lived in the neigh- bourhood, tilling the same ground which had been worked by his grandsire. Kitty, when his wife died, took her place in the old man's heart and soon became the very pride and apple of his eye ; so, when young Ormiston came a-wooing, old Rayburn looked with anything but pleasure upon the liking which had sprung up between the young folks. G-entlemen in those days were but little likely to mate with farmer folk. In the case of Robson, who was himself a farmer, the old man thought the circum- stances were different. True there were reports about of his having too much to say to the smugglers on the coast, but Farmer Rayburn, going with the times he lived in, thought little of that.. The excise were fair game, he said, and Hollands tasted but the sweeter for not having paid His Majesty's dues. By-and-by, however, there came queer tales of cargo after cargo captured by the coastguard, and it leaked out that Robson was making money by betraying his mates. So stout Tom Rayburn swore that no double faced spy should marry daughter of his, and he told little Kitty, who, sly thing, resigned herself meekly to the edict, and gave her suitor his congé. It is needless to say that Jack Ormiston had made such progress that he ruled at that day as undisputed lord of her heart. Yet still old Tom was scarcely satisfied, and fumed and chafed until at last he made up his mind to speak to Kitty again, this time on the subject of Master Jack, but he was not called upon to go so far, for one dav Kitty came blushing to him, saying that Mr, Ormiston wished to speak with him. Ari interview was granted, when, to the old man't great surprise, Jack asked him for his daughter as his wife, and he, looking him over, gave consent, and acknowledged that she had chosen wisely in the tall, muscular, handsome young fellow before him. So trie thing was settled, and Jack was on his way home rejoicing when the incident occurred which has been already related, and which eventually landed the poor fellow on the shores of Sydney Cove, leaving a little girl at home weeping and sorrowing, swearing that she would follow though he went twice round the known world. * # # * . The skies of Australia, bright and cloud- less, are overhead. The lorest of gum trees is filled with the chatter of parrots that are flitting from tree to tree, whilst the ground is covered with tall,, waving grass still wet with last night's dew A faint cool breeze comes up from the west, disturbing the smoke which has just commenced to rise from the huts of the assigned servants- convicts serving their master under daily terror of the lash ; most of them have been hardened in the schools of brutality and vice, growing day by day more utterly reckless of their own and the lives of others. They have but just risen from their bunks, and some are standing about the fire which one of their number has lit, whilst others yet lie stretched covered with their blankets, trying to forget in sleep the commencement of another day of monotonous toil. There is no attempt at beautifying their surroundings. "Whitewashed wooden walls support roofs of bark, whilst at the end of each hovel is built a rough chimney of stone. Not far off are the yards, now filled with sheep, whilst at some distance is their master's house, a spot upon which many a murderous, glance of hate is cast, for there are amongst these men some who yet hope to see the homestead burning and its in- mates slaughtered and worse. They were treated and housed as if they were dogs, spoken to as if they possessed never a soul to call their own, hounded and forced back into evil- doing when they would fain do good. Truly there was little then to mark the freedom which was yet to come upon the country. Glance at the faces now clustered silently around the fire, rarely opening their mouths except to utter oaths; with the brand of the hardened criminal upon most, and on some few the frightened nervous look of a hunted animal. The taskmaster would do well to prepare for a day of reckoning. One man,tried to raise himself in his bed, and failing, fell back with a groan that raised a laugh amongst his comrades, for he had been up at the triangles the day previ- ous and had received 200 lashes, which had flayed the skin from his back, and rendered him incapable of movement without suffer- ing the most intense pain. ( You shall never marry her" he said, as he seized Jack by the coat.' 'They say that Black George is about these parts,' muttered a wizen-faced man who was boiling the billy, and who bore on his countenance the vilest expression of low cunning. ' "Who told you that ?' asked another in an excited whisper. ' Never you mind 1 ' replied the first speaker. ' I knows what I'm talking about, and you mark me, him and his gang's not far off. Send they may come, and that quickly, and we'll join 'em, culls, and make such a bonfire over there,' he motioned with his thumb towards the squatter's house, ' as'll warm yer hearts to look at. Mind ye this, if I fixes this, the eldest o' them gals belongs to me to do what I like with,' and the old wretch turned a questioning glance on the villainous faces, which each hore the reflex of a concealed smilè. ' Thee'll have 'er, right sure, uncle,' said another, with a chuckle ; the second's mine, and hy-, if I don't kill that there dog of a hoy. Hush!' They all of them looked up, for there stood in the doorway a man unlike the rest. His tall figure was bent as if with age, his face was pale and hollow, and in his eyes was an expression of loathing and abhor- rence. Nevertheless, it was Jack Ormiston -Gentleman Jack, as his companions called him. How cordially they hated him, this man who would not associate with them ! By every possible means in their power would they try to incriminate him for their own misdeeds. "Was the rum stolen from the store, it was Jack 4 wot 'ad prigged it ' ; were the sheep lost, 4 Gentleman Jack' was alone culpable-in fact they were never satisfied unless they were laying some villany to his account. But yet they feared his strength, for he had given several a lesson that he was not to be trifled with, and they knew that he would never enter into their plans. Had he heard ? His face wore ever the same look, so that went for nothing, and they dared not ask him. ( Jack ! Jack ! Where the h-H's that lazy scoundrel gone to now ? ' sung out a harsh young voice, as its owner entered the hut, and the men fell back in sulky silence. He was the squatter's son, and. as cowardly' a young bully as one could find. . His face was coarse, and, although he was but two and- twenty, it was already bloated with rum-drinking. 4 D-n you,' he said, striding to where Jack was now, sitting before the fire. 4 Didn't I tell you to have those horses up by now, and the carriage ready. D'ye think the governess's going to walk to the station ? What d'ye mean by such be- haviour ? I've half a mind to take you to old Meldrum's, and get ye a score or so lashes for insubordination. Nice state of things when a parcel of d-d rascals can do as they please.' Jack rose from his seat with an expres- sion of utter weariness, and without saying a word, left the hut to search for the horses. 4S'help me, but the cub's lively this morning/muttered; one in the crowd. 4 Did ye hear 'him? 44The governess," says he, 44 ain't going to walk to the station." Why, they must be going to get another woman up here. Here, let's cast lots for 'er, when the bonfire comes oft.' That day and the next to Jack were a heaven compared, with what his life had been for weeks previous, and he looked back over the events of the past few months, wondering wearily if it would not be better to end his life at once and have done with such misery. First there was the long, endless voyage in the transport, when men died around him from dysentery and scurvy like rotten sheep; then the arrival in Sydney, and his life at the barracks at Hyde Park ; then the day when Captain George Pryde, late of the New South "Wales Corps, now a squatter, applied for and obtained him as an assigned servant. Since that his lot had been one awful round of bitter persecution, for he was placed as groom to the heir, a drunken, ignorant young scoun- drel, who did everything possible to demean him in his own eyes and in those of others. The family was composed of the Captain, a man who had «lived his life hardly, but who rarely interfered about the station, leaving the superintendence to his son, contented to sit in his comfortable hoiise and drink until he slipped into insensibility. Then there was his wife, a woman of but little account, and two daughters budding into womanhood, imbued with all the insufferable conceit bred _ of ignorance, which made them look upon their depen- dants as upon so many beasts to do their bidding. . . ' Jach proceeded to punish him in a manner which very soon brought theßght to an end.' Should lie warn them of the fate in store for them ? That was what passed through Jack's mind, and caused him to struggle with the evil that seemed to be growing in him. He had overheard the conversation in the hut. He knew of this Black George as one of the most ferocious bushrangers in New South Wales, and he guessed to what a horrible end the family must come, should he descend upon them unawares. Jack wondered at his own hesitation remembering what he once was ; but there rose in his mind the. pain and indignity of the lash, and his heart hardened as he thought of what he had been made to endure innocently. At last, however, his better nature con- quered, and he determined to tell his young master on his return. The end of the second day came, and with its close Jack saw the carriage in the distance, being driven along the bush track which led to the house. A woman closely veiled occupied the seat next the driver, and appeared to be endeavouring to keep her distance from him. Young Bryde had been drinking, it was evident to Jack as he approached, for his face was flushed, and now and then he would give a hideous leer at the shrinking figure at his side. 'Now then, you d-d convict, catch hold of the horses heads and don't stand staring there like a fool! Are ye gone deaf ?' for Jack looked as if he were turned to stone. "Who was it that the silent woman's figure reminded him of ? Why was it that Somersetshire came back to him with all its freshness, and recollections of home and his dead past life flashed upon him as he stood there? He gave a sigh and turned to the horses, whilst young Pryde nearly tumbled on his nose trying- to alight. When he recovered himself he 'staggered' towards the woman, who was still seated in the carriage. .;' Now, sweet child,' he said, addressing her,,'let me help you to alight.' The girl gave him . her hand and would haye jumped, but he managed to take her in his arms, and before placing her upon the ground endeavoured to kiss her, pressing his leering red iace to hers. She struggled to free herself, but it was of no use, and her veil fell off in the struggle. ' Great heavens ! Is there no one here will help an unprotected wonian ?' she cried. In an instant Jack was by her side, and the next the heir to the Prydes went sprawling in the dust, whilst forgetting all the circumstances surrounding, him he caught the girl by the waist, her arms went round his neck and once more he looked into the tender eyes of Sweet Kitty. 'Darling!' 'Dear Jack!' ;> It was all they could say to each other. Young Pryde made a rush for them, and putting Kitty behind him Jack, remember- ing'the treatment which he had received, and considering that he might as well suffer for a sheep as a lamb, proceeded to punish him in a manner which very quickly brought the fight to an erid. Poor Kitty was terri- fied, and would have thrown herself between them had she known the probable conse- quences to Jack,' but just coming from the freedom of old England she had no con- ception of the cruelties practised in this, region of horrors. She had followed him, as she swore to do ;. even her father could not prevent her seek- ing her lover, so she .shipped¿ on board a transport as companion to the wife of an officer in the New South "Wales Corps, and on arrival had without difficulty found out that Jack had been assigned to the Prydes. Luckily the idea of obtaining a governess for her daughters had taken hold upon Mrs. Pryde, and Kitty had secured the position without much diffi- culty, for her educa- tion had not been by any means neglected, and she was worthily fitted, both in mind and manners, to do the young ladies of the house incalculable good. The encounter be- tween Jack and young Pryde had taken place in such a spot as to be hidden from the house, so that at first no at- tention was attracted, but the young fellow's cries soon brought as- sistance, and Jack found himself a prisoner. 'You'll get the black hole at Cockatoo for this, my fine fellow, as sure's you're born, even if yon don't get sent to Norfolk Island,' said one of his captors. 11 don't wonder at you're striking him. I wonder he wasn't killed before now.' The law of the land compelled a master to take his servant, in case of complaint, he fore: a magistrate, even should he occupy that position himself, and the next morning saw ' Jack tied to. his horse being led to the house of a neighbouring squatter for trial. "With, them came. Captain. Pryde and his bright son, the latter's face testifying to the treatment he had received.. Old Meldrums, however, had taken atrip to Sydney, so they had to. travel to the station of a Mr. Arbuthnot, some fifteen miles further off. He was quite a newman . in the district, but ' so accustomed were the magistrates to commit one another's servants to punishment, that the Prydes . had' little doubt that the result would be the same. "When they arrived a tall dignified man came out to meet them, ; bf a style that was entirely different to his visitors ; a quiet gentleman, who- spoke gravely, glanced at poor Jack,'and listened to the complaint lodged by the son with earnest seriousness. ' Come in, gentlemen,' he said, leading the way to his study. . They entered, and here the evidence was taken. After listening to the tale told by young Pryde the magistrate turned to Jack, and asked him what he had to say.1 ' Do you mean to tell me, Arbuthnot,' burst out old Pryde,'that, you intend to allow a d-d convict'to give evidence ?' 'Most certainly I do. The law goes so far as to provide that if an assigned servant has good cause of complaint against his master he may, on its being substantiated, ob- tain his discharge. Now, prisoner- what have you to say?':" * Do I understand that you'll take his word against my son's?' again interrupted the Captain. 4 Mr. Pryde, allow me to request that you'll not inter- fere. Permit me to tell you that there are - ugly rumours of the way in which your son treats the assigned servants.' 4 Very well, sir,' roared the old man, 4 you'll have to an- swer to me for this. Do you mean to doubt the word of an officer and a gentleman ? ' Mr. Arbuthnot had become very stern. ' When that officer forgets to behave like a gentleman I treat bim as the blackguard he becomes. Another word and I'll have you removed.' A volley of curses from the Captain caused1 the magis- trate to make - a sign to his assistants, and the 4 officer and gentleman ' was removed by force, howling out a tor rent of the most frightful language. ' Now,' lie said quietly, turning to Jack, what have you to say ? ' ' Did you know one George Ormiston at home in England ? ' ? ' I did, but that does not refer to the case. Please to confine yourself to answering my question.' ' He was ruy father;' said Jack, disregarding the reprimand, ' and as you were a friend to him perhaps you will believe me.' ' Good God !' said Mr. Arbuthnot, startled . ' She saio a party of armed men enter the, homestead,,' . from his self-possession. 'Tour father! And what are you doing in such a position?' In as few words as he could, Jack told him the story of his life ; of the brutality he had suffered; of the cause of his attack upon young Pryde, whilst the magistrate listened attentively. ¡ : . ' And now, sir;'. fcai'd Jack, in conclusion, ' I beg of yóú to give me a few moments'in private as you love your honour and the lives of those about you.' ' Leave us/ said Arbuthnot, to those present. "When they had gone Jack turned to him. ' Black George is in the neighbourhood. I overheard my companions talking of him.' ' That is very bad, indeed, Ormiston. We must prepare ourselves. Do you know where he is likely to strike first ?' ' I am afraid at my master's house. T feel uneasy even now, for most of the men' are away, and it now holds everything that is most dear to me.' There was a sound of excited talking, outside, and a man came bursting into the room. 'Mr. Arbuthnot! The bushrangers are up and have burnt the Prydes' house to the ground ; the assigned servants joined them and carried off the ladies. A stockman coming; in witnessed the affair, and they shot at him. Ile has just arrived, wounded in the arm.' ' God help them all !' groaned Jack, as he sunk into a chair, and covered his face with his hands. ' Get up, man ! It's no time for praying! Here, Johnson, get every man together and serve out the guns and pistols. If we ride hard we may catch them yet. It is possible, in fact probable, that they'll make for Mel- drums. Have all the horses up and saddle them.' A few minutes, then all were mounted; Captain Pryde and his son riding silent and sobered with the shock of this awful horror, Well they knew what to expect. Jack was mounted on a splendid chesnut lent him by Mr. Arbuthnot, and armed with a rifle, kepi well to the front. He would not allow himself to think, for the agony was almosl physical. ' Poor Kitty ! Poor Kitty God help her in the hands of such humai tigers !' How he dug the spurs into thi chesnut until he flew along the track to wards the Meldrums. There was a creek in front of them witl wooded banks, and just as the party chargei down they caught sight of a body of abou fifteen men, seated in the dry bed of th . watercourse, with their horses standin beside them. One of them sprang up wit a shout, and levelling his rifle at Jack, tiree missing him by a hairsbreadth. The bus! rangers had been surprised. In an instar the whole party was amongst them, amidst the popping of pistols and a riot of blows .and rifle shots. Jack saw young Pryde fall heavily on the neck of his horse, whilst the frightened animal made a dash for the bush. He had discharged his rifle himself,, and clubbing it, was dealing; furious blows right and left ; like a very madman, when,. suddenly he found himself face to face with a horseman, ' a very ghost of the past, the > j cause of his misery-George ] Robson. With a yell, he. ) literally threw himself from ¡ J his horse, and dragged the ; | man from his saddle with J him to'the ground. Eohson J discharged a pistol, which ¡ J 'singed his hair ; but Jack 1 had. him by the throat, and"! beat ' his head against thef 1 pebbles until he was uncon-r I scious. -1 Tie fight was over. It had been sharp j and decisive, ana eight of the bushrangers .J had been caught and bound with stirrup--! leathers. Jack, with Mr. Arbuthnot, wf f j looking at them, whilst poor old Captain ; j Pryde was seated beneath a tree, utterly M prostrated in spirit. His sou was found M ^jmg dead in the bush, not far from tie '1 scene of the fight. § I t There's the man who caused 1113^ trans portation,' said Jack to his companion pointing to Robson. Arbuthnot took a step forward. 'Why, good God ! ' he said. ' It is Blacl George himself. The man was a free settler but rum and bad company brought him t( this. You'll get your freedom for to-day'i work But come, we must be off to thos< unhappy people at the Pryde's.' "What good was freedom to Jack withoul Kitty ? With a horrible pain in his hearl he galloped across the bush to the station, accompanied by Mr. Arbuthnot and a few men, the rest being left to guard the prisoners. Even as they approached they saw through the trees the smoke rising frone the still burning homestead, and as they dashed into the open they saw the heap ol blackened rafters and slabs, whilst on the ground in front was-something-in a white ¿reas. And here they found the eldesl daughter lying with her gown drenched in blood from a knife-wound in her breast, Poor girl, she was quite dead, and they left her to search still further. They cooeyed, but no answer came ; the silence of horror was unbroken but for the fall of another burnt rafter, which sent a shower of sparks into the sky. They looked every- where, but no one seemed to be alive. At last, just as they were giving all up foi lost the figure of a woman was seen advan- cing towards them through the bush, and Jack gave a shout of joy, for he recognised her at once. It was Kitty. "With dis- hevelled hair and staring eyes, and face : pale as ashes, she gave a little cry of glad- ness and threw herself into Jack's arms. "When she recovered she explained, between her sobs, what had happened. It appears that as soon as the men had left, the ladies had professed themselves as horrified at Kitty's intimacy with a convict, and had been so cruel and unkind that the poor little thing wandered out into the bush to rid her- self of their reproaches. Concealing herself where the shade was deepest she suddenly heard the sound of galloping horses, and looking saw a party of armed men enter the homestead. The assigned convicts ran from the huts and joined them, and then followed a scene which beggared description.. Horrible screams for mercy iloated to her from inside the house, amidst the coarse laughter and brutal jests of the bush- rangers. She had seen the eldest girl dragged from the house by he who once was cook, and watched her receive her death-blow. Some few free servants had been shot. After about an hour of hideous revelry she again saw the men, who appeared drunk, re-issue from the house, whilst a faint curl of smoke made its appearance coming from the windows. All inside was silent now. Then they had moved off towards the Meldrums, taking the convict servants with them. Where were they all, the ladies who but a few short, hours ago were tormenting the poor little new comer? Ask the falling rafters and smouldering floors. Never again will the soft sound of female voices be heard there as of old. The sins of the fathers had indeed been visited upon the children. # * * * There is but little more to tell. Jack and Kitty rode back with Mr. Arbuthnot to his station and stayed there until the bush- rangers came up for trial. George Hobson, amongst others, was sentenced to death and Buffered in the old gaol yard in Lower George-street, whilst crowds stood upon the rocks behind to watch his end. Before he died he made a full confession and deposed in writing to Jack's innocence. Prom the period of his perjury with regard to the assault had dated all his misfortunes. England was made too warm for him by the smugglers and he left, only to go from bad to worse. So Jack regained his freedom, and Kitty and he became man and wife in St. Phillip's Church in Sydney, Mr. Arbuthnot acting as father to the bride. They are living comfortably at home now, and their friend, when he visits England to purchase stock, always stays down in Somersetshire, when they sometimes talk over the old times in Botany Bay, when Jack came so near tc losing all the world held dear to him. THE END. 