SCIENTIFIC. NOTES ON POPULAR SCIENCE. HR DB. J- E. TAYLOR, F.L.S., F.G.S., &&, EDIXOB OF " SCIENCE GOSSIP." E J The progreBB of science must affect the educated languages of the world. The dif ference between a philosopher and a country bumpkin is largely represented by the great number of words used by the former, and the tew required by the latter. The philo sopher goes on adding newly-coined words to his already large liat, the bumpkin does not ?rouble about them. Nevertheless, some ot #hMe recent additions to our language manage to filter down to the lower strata of Mciety. There are few people who do not know what a telegram means, and yet, 86 ?ears ago, The Times columns were full of letters concerning that then newly-coined word. Telegraph was an earlier but equally select expression. Here is another addition to the ever crowing list, and from the Bame quarter telephonographr- It simply means that now «re can transmit sound to distances by telegraph wires. A French electrician, M. Jlercadier, has brought out a new process, which is more or less connected with Edison's latest improvement with the phono graph. Mercadier's process of telephono graphy is spoken of as being much simpler than any others, although recently EdiBon managed to communicate between New York and Philadelphia, along the ordinary wires, using for the purpose his new phonograph. At the Cincinnati Exhibition a novelty in electric illumination was a series of incan descent lamps, frozen into blocks of ice. The ice was coloured by aniline dyes, and when the lamps were lighted, the effect is Baid to have been very pretty. At the Bame exhibition were shown artificial flowers consttucted of incandescent lamps. An electrically-moved omnibus (notatram) is now startling Londoners in the city. It seats 12 passengers, and moves about like a ghost, the driver controlling the movements from a small platform in front The inventor calculates that hia electric omnibus will be 30 ier cent, cheaper than if it had been worked iy horses. We are increasing the population of Great Britain at the rate ot 1,000 people a day. Other settled countries are doing the same, if not at the same rate. In a few years the United States will require all the corn Bhe can grow for her own peopla Even now we can only grow about one-third ©f that required by our present population. What shall we Bo for bread a century hence ? Grow more maize? John Stuart Mill regarded maize as the sol vent of the food difficulty. He thought that sufficient of it could not only be easily grown for the world's food, but to render the labour of agriculture shorter. We all eat too much animal tood in England. So do you in Australia. People think it makes them stronger. The opposite is the case. The men who work hardest do it on carbonised food, just as engines do their work by means of the mineralised carbon we call coal. A very interesting set of experiments con nected with the selective action of light upon metals has just been made by Dr. Bubens before the Physical Society of Berlin. The light emitted from an incandescent plate of sirconium was concentrated by a lens on to a mirror surface of the metal under investi gation. The reflected rays were then allowed to fall into a spectroscope with a flint-glass prism, whose eye-piece had been replaced by the more delicate bolometer, so that the intensity of each part of the spectrum could be determined. Next the mirror was re moved, aud the incandescent zirconium was put in the place of the virtual image of the first Bource of light, in Buch a way that the rays of light ccming from the point pre viously occupied by the mirror pursued the Bame course. These rays were then allowed to fall into the bpectroscope, and the in tensity of each part of the spectrum thus formed by light which had undergone no change by reflection was measured by the bolometer with very remarkable results, produced by the decomposition of the wave lengths of light. Other experiments showed that silver possesses even for blue rays a very considerable reflective power, which gradually increases and reaches its maxi mum in the red, where the intensity of the reflected light remains constant, even for rays of the greatest wave-length. Gold pos sesses a much smaller reflective power for blue and green rays; and copper still less. On the bases of these and similar experi ments on iron and nickel, Dr. Rubens has calculated (he coefficients of extinction and refraction for red and blue lights, and also the dispersive powers of the metals, together With their indices of refraction. Dr. Norman Lockyer recently read a very important paper before the Royal Society on the spectrum of the rings of Saturn. These rings are much more luminous than the body of the planet; and it has been thought that possibly they shine by their own light, since it is known the rings are composed of myriads of small bodies in motion. Dr. Lockyer imagined that the luminosity of the tings might be due to the constant collisions of these bodies. He has, therefore, applied the spectroscope to see whether such col lisions were ot sufficient intensity to produce incandescent vapours or not. A photograph has been taken of the spectroscopic results, which shows decided indications of bright lines, Buch as would be given out from in candescent vapours. There aie few countries which have ad vanced more rapidly in scientific civilisation than Japan. The laBt new thing out in that Wonderlul country is a journal devoted to photography, under the title of Saehin ahtmpo, A paper has been read before the Paris Academy of Sciences entitled "Researches on the Cultivation of the Potato" by M. wirard. He traced the progressive develop ment of thiB useful plant, and then proved tnat the origin of the starch is to be sought tor in the leaves. In the latter it is probably represented in its initial form by saccharose or some analogous sugar. By its twofold de composition this sugar becomes on the one e 6eaerator of the cellular tissue, and on the other of the starch Btored up in the Bame tissue. week, before the same society, an im portant statement was made respecting the progress of the Suez Canal by M. Lesseps. STK °[ the works to widen the canal bave K»f m n completed, the widening extend "I?*??8, ®"or a distance of 16 miles "°.rt Said vessels have now ample space wr passing each other. The depth of the »n«£Lu S? .e towefsed to eight and a half hv int?1! Nftv'B*tton by night is to facilitated hrf»,J tow-paths, the light Anobtained by means of compressed gas. £ave widened to 100 fort and Suez, allowing aUofe£H"J?u*lted, at the same time in tee nowelectric light SO hoil lw % tr&\6F*.e c"*1 ^ abort M hours? 6 blfcbert0 required being ItmeHn!?0' brought out for oon .Wttcting canaii which wQl floai veasob way. That is to say, the water-way is split into two channels, one for gsing and the other for returning vessels. The floating is done by means of a accew propeller fixed at each end (or section) of the canal, BO to set the water in motion that the currents will carry the vessels up and down. The idea is very ingenious, and well worked out, inasmuch as arrangements are made for sidings, locks, &c.;, when required. A new street cleaner has been brought out, and tried with considerable success. It is an apparatus which can be fixed to any ordi nary mud-cart, and consists of a series of brushes and spindles working by meanB of an endless chain. The brushes sweep up the liquid mud along a short incline to a receiver, where the buckets dip into it and raise it to the proper receptacle. An American company has been formed for bringing out a process to protect iron pipes against corrosion. The pipes are first lowered into retorts, which latter are then closed for a quarter of an hour until their con tents have been raised to the proper tempera ture. Steam from a boiler at sixty, pounds to the square inch is then introduced into the superheater, which it traverses, and from which it escapes at the temperature of the iron, upon which it acts for about an hour. A measured quantity of hydrocarbon is then admitted with a jet of steam, which is fol lowed by a fixing bath of superheated steam. Consequently, it is the absorption of hydro gen by the iron which seems to be the anti corroBive. Sugar is cheap enough now, aa every Bugar planter knows. But hitherto we have only thought ot it as a sweetening agent Now we are discovering it haB other properties, which may tend to raise its market prices An Italian engineer has proved that if sugar be introduced into the water of steam-boilers it will retard (if not prevent) incrustation. In a boiler of 20 horse-power, possessed of 126 tnbea, 41b. of sugar a week was found suffi cient to retard incrustation. In Butler's Erewhon we have a delightful chapter devoted to the period when onr machines will become | sensibly automatic, and take the place of supposed rational creatures. The above fact | seems to be moving in that direction. Our steam-boilers are getting aa fond of sugar as children. The Sheffield Sea Canal is likely to succeed, wild though the project appears. Our planet will very soon be cut up by canals, just as Schiaparelli shows the surface ot Mars is. The lJuke of Norfolk (who is the lucky lord of the manor of Sheffield-that is, he collars the vast unearned increment) has offered to take at once an allotment of the balance of the shares in this company-only £5.000, however. It will be a cheap spec, for him, if ever the canal is formed. Earl Fitzwilliam (another interested landower) is also favour ing the scheme. A rival to jute has been discovered. Jute I fibre has done duty for cotton wool for many | years, and has helped many a working man to a cheap suit ot black clothes for Sunday wear. Now, its place is likely to be taken by the fibre hitherto used in the manufacture of bales for enclosing cotton. An American has taken out a patent for the purpose. The material is boiled down with caustic soda and highly steamed. Afterwards it is me chanically treated, and a clean fibre is the result All the siliceous material is thus removed, so that even pine leaves can be used inetead of jute fibre. One of the most notable scientists of this century has gone to his rest, under circum stances which alone would have made his name known. I allude to M. Chevreul, the distinguished French chemist Half a cen tury ago he had acquired a world-wide repu tation by his work on colour. He was the | professor of chemistry when the first i Napoleon ruled France, and the director of the famous Jurdin ties PI antes when the Prussians invaded Paris in 187L His long life of 103 years has been spent in the service of science, and it is said he never had a day a illness till he was 100 years old. That is j what very few of us will be able to say. That great Parisian toy, the Eiffel Tower, is now completed, and since I wrote last M. E fl'el has planted the tricolour on the highest point of the tower, at a height of nearly one thousand feet from the ground. The total cost ot this useless edifice has been nearly a quarter of a million sterling. It is ostensibly intended to celebrate the centenary of the establishment of the Republic in 1789. One of the most remarkable of the many remarkable reptiles you possess in the Southern Hemisphere is the well-known J liatteria of New Zealand, which startled the scientific world a few years ago by certain naturalists discovering that it possessed a third eye, existing in a rudimentary condi tion. The liatteria is a descendant of certa.S ancient reptiles which existed in Europe during the early secondary period. Recently Dr. Credner has described a fossil specimen found a Bhort time ago in the permian strata near Dresden, which he has named Palaio-1 hatteria. This ancient creature iB euid to resemble its modern descendant more than any hitherto known. The discovery of a fish-eating bat in the ] West Indies has been much exercising our naturalists at the Linuean Society lately. It | iB a distinctive species, living in sea caves, which has taken to catching small fish and leeding on them instead of on insects, as in the manner of bats. 1 have just received a specimen from Trinidad and dissected it It is a very curious instance of departure from normal habits. A capital paper appears in the last number j of the Gardtners' Chronicle by Mr. H. Mar-1 shall Ward, a naturalist who has come rapidly to the front, on the important subject ot the diseases of plants. His essay is on chlorosis or "yellows"-that is. the absence of green in leaves, and the substitution of yellow instead. Unfortunately there are several different kinds of chlorosis, bat that usually affecting plants is a diseased condi tion of the leaves, in which the absence ot the green colouring matter is due to the defi ciency of iron salts in the soil. It should be remembered that leaves affected by chlorosis are incapable of aBBimilating carbon. It the leaves are young, watering tnem with a weak solution of iron salts will restore their green neBB; although, of course, the best plan iB to apply the solution of iron to the roots. There is usually plenty ot iron in all soils, but it is in a fixed or stable condition, very little of it being available by the plants in the j soluble Btate. Iron Bulphate iB, perhaps, the best applicant to the roots of affected plants, inasmuch as it dissolves slowly and yields up its iron in an available condition. Garden or cultivated plants which grow rapidly are much more liable to chlorosis than field and wild plants which grow slowly. Professor Young, the distinguished Ameri can astronomer, has just published a text book on general astronomy, which ib being much talked about From it I quote itbe following suggestive sentence which occurs at the close of the workOne lesson seems to stand ont clearly-that the present system of stars and worlds is not an eternal one. We have Irrefragable evidence of con tlnnona, uncompensated progress, inexorable in one direction. The hot bod]®® their heat» and distributing U to tno owa ones, BO that there is a steady, unremitting tendency towards a uniform (and, therefore, useless) temperature - throughout the uni verse. ... If we carry our imagination backwards we reach at last 'a beginning of things' which has no intelligible ante cedent-if forwards, an end of things in stag nation. That by some process or other this end of things will result in 'new heavens and new earth* we can hardly doubt; bnt science has as yet no word or explanation." 