SPOETINGL t , ,YOEK, EACES. -.7 ' ? FIRST DAY. *~~ I ... [?7, Electric Telegraph.] - ?. y. Yobk, April 2i Yesterday the weather was beautifully fine, ^although' heavy j^,|tlifell previously. The attendance of the public at the race course was fairly good, all the hotels beipg full of visitors, cfiis Excellency the Gover nor i8 on a visit to the district. The racing was better than was expected} the follow ing is a list. of results :— ?LYiNa 'HandicapI -HQf; ; iB25, :' thre1e«iuar ters of a mile ; star! at noon. Gunpowder v, ... „. 1 Blacklock ? ,. ... 2 Gunpowder! won the wholei way easily, and finished three lengths in the lead. Time, lroin. 19}secs. Dividend, 12s. Selling Eaoe. — Of £20.- Once round the course, heats. If sold for £40, weight for age, 14lbs. allowance for every reduc tion of £10 in price. Start at 1 p.m. At the start in the first heat Savanaka led off, closely followed by Randolph and Obe ron. At tne three-quarter mile post Oberon collared the leader, and Randolph shot into second place. This position was retained until the finish', Oberon - beating Randolph by a head. Time, 2min. 41seca. Dividend, 18s. For the second heat Skimmer was scratched.. From the start Oberon led, Randolph . being second, and Savanaka third. : Up the straight there waa a splendid race between the two leaders, both, being under the whip, and pushed to their ut most, the result being that Oberon manag ed to get past the post just by a short head from the old chestnut. Time, 2aain. 46$ sees. Dividend, 13b. ' Hack Race.— Of £12. Once round the course. Winner to be sold for £1, sur plus to go to race club. Catch weights. Entrance, 12s. Start at 2 p.m. For the Hacks there were three entries — Randolph, Lady Jane, and The Ghost, the former winning easily, with lots in hand. The winner was Bold immediately, after the race, the purchaser being Mr. A. Forrest, at the price of £17. . ? -. ? . ' Wkst Australian Plate (Handicap.)— Of £50. For West Australian-bred horses only. 1^ miles. Start at 3 p.m. In this race there were two false starts, owing to the f ractiousness of Nimrod. ' At the get away, however, Red Cross made the running for Lowlander and Blacklock, and went at a great rate for the first half-mile. At the three-quarter-mile post from home Valentine went to the front, and Lowlander and Progress came up. On entering the straight the order was Valentine, Lowland er, Progress, and a splendid Tace ensued among the trio, until the winning post was passed, Valentine being the winner by a head from Lowlander, Progress being third, two lengths off. Time, 2min. 52secs. Divi dend,^. . . . =?!?; .:?. Avon Plate.— Of £60. 2 miles. Weights .for age. ? Entrance, £3. Start at 4 p.m.- For this event, the race of the day, there were '? only- two starters — Duration 'and Gunpowder, tke latter being a hot favorite in the betting. ' Both horses went off at an' easy canter, which they continued until nearing the last mile post, when they raced at top speed, Gunpowder winning by a head. Time, 4min. 12sec8, Dividend, 15a. 