Cries, & t . THE CONFEDERATE CHIEFTAINS. A TALE QP THE IRISH EKBELLION OF 1641. PAET II, CHAPTER IL—{Continued.) By JJIBS. J. BADLIEB, Author of'' Ntw Lights," " Blakei and Xlamgant," «' WMyfiurke," "Jted Hand of Ultter, etc." O'Niiitt 'fi deep, earnest eyes were on Judith at tliemotnent, and she felt that ttiey looked What the more reckleBS Nptnian had spoken in plain Irish. Btit Judith O'Cahandid not choose to afford further information. Drawing herself up with an ait of dignity that made Netterville smile, whilst O'Neill thought it Well became her,'she said— ' Iktiow not of any right you have, Sir Johfa Netterv>ille; to dire further iritoonr Bffairsthan we chobse to lay them open tb 't^U. 'I' have told you all that I am •Wllitigto tell? what remains could have no iritere&t; for yiu.' * •^iy, Judith/ said the old womfen,' as yod h&ve; told so much, I would have you tell'all. What shame iB it t6 you or trie that yoii cannot listen to Sir Phelim's iidooth'speechesP This English gentleman asked if Sit- Phelim turned us out of doors. Wot so, young sir, not so, but rather would he have kept us in his home for life. I were well content to hare stayed on his terms, for surely even O'Cahan's daughter could not look higher than the lord of Tyr-Owen; but Judith closed her ears and her . heart against him, and I besought her only to speak him fair for a while, and that mayhap either he would tire waiting, or she think better of the affair; but she told me she would rather die a thousand deaths than become Sir Phelim's wife. What could Tsay after that, for my child's happiness or misery is mine, too; so when the .rough chieftain 1 found she was in earnest in refusing .to marry him, he stormed and swore; and said he would have her whether she liked it or not. We thought it was time to mote after that, so we left himself and his -castle; and the ghost Of my poor cousin Nora, Heaven be her bed! that people said was haunting him every,night of .his life, and out.we went i again on the wide world to hide our heads wherever we could. Our own old place we dared not go to, for there Sir Phelim • would be sure to find us. , If Judith was willing, I would have gone with her to some of the ohieftains of our kindred and craved protection, but Judith would hear of no such thing, for she said it would • but breed dissension amongst the chiefs when it most behoved them to. keep together.;*, It were ill rpusing the lion from his lair, Judith says, or thrusting others within reach of his,-claws—;—' •.Mother J mother I' cried Judith,,with sudden, vehemence,' wherefore speak in such wise of -matters that were better . buried in oblivion P Donogh, my .good lad, bring the horses to the road.' ; „ Donogh instantly vanished, and both the cavaliers, standing,up, prepared to resume.their journey. There was a cloud on O'Neill's brow and a flush on his «heek that showed some strong inward emotion, but of what nature it was none \- but himself might know. As for Netterville, he swore a good round oath that one day or another, he would brand Sir Phelim with the disgrace of suoh un- ! mtaly persecution. • 'Nay, Sir John J' once more put in Judith, '.I beseech you.that you never upbraid him with it. - My mother and I canmever forget that his roof gave us shelter and protection when few would dare to give us either. Fox years long we «te his bread, and were welcome, guests at bis /hospitable board. It would shame me; too, to have my ntlme so mentioned, and by stranger tongue! No, no, if indeed you would befriend the friendless daughter of :0'Gahan, forget that you ever saw her—ever heard her hapless tele!' -i •. • She is right, my friend,' said O'Neill earnestly; ' any interference of ours > would butharm those we meant to serve; • .Clime, let us got' •'• tf Not till Z have heard/ said his mercu- ? (rial companion, .' by what strange chance -'these ladies fixed on such a dwelt ling—-*'. , *It wasnotchance/ Judith replied: VwehadoftehheardSir Phelim bpast of 1 the desert he had made; of the English settlement; which he said had been a 1 f>ektilent nest .of• IProteatant bigotry anq all manner of injustice towards the natives of. the country for miles around who professed the old faith. Many ^tiine 4md:iteft- &d; , we shudder, at tb' \- picture&e; wai.wont to draw of its soli • rode:»nd ! qifafiflatidn, bid; we rememberei -dtT»ithjby«n4f hofc>e when forced to fiei -Castle -andthe land o: Owen. Hither we flame, \ik$, Noah's flpve, seeking rest for our„ weaned feet, I, having found it, .here w,e pbiderburied, as it were, in a dreary tomb, yet still untrammelled by ties which were Chains of burning iron—to one of us at least!'. .. 'As fpr jAis noble dwelling,' said tie mother, with a touch of sly humour, littlte to be expected,* it was not iSir thelirii that left it as it is; it was a fire that broke out in it some three years agone, one'fiqe. summer's evening, .when all the Protestant grandees for milps round, were assembled in the large room which thpse Englishes called the "best parlour." There wp.s a grand young Engtish lady from somewhere within the Pale oni visit here at the timer—p' . 'Good God!' cried Nettervjlle, pale with emotipn, and gasping for breath, • who was the owner of the house ?" 'It^ belonged to the Protestant minister," said Judith, regarding the young man with a surprised look; * it was what they call the manse or glebe-house.' ' And the young lady from the Pale f •She was, I believe, a beauty, and the daughter of a, great man ' '.Aye! great in wickedness, if iu nothing else. I know all about him—f but can this be the house of which I have heard so much P If so,' he added in an undertone, 'I marvel not at it^ desolation. But how say you, fair lady p The noble damsel of whom you speak was, then, the sister, or rather I think yop. said, the niece, of Master Hatfield; the minister f' ' Nay, I said not that,' said Judith with a queer smile, ' but you, say it, and of- a surety you seem to know more about the matter than do I. For us, we might have taken little note of what fell out amongst the unneighbourly Eng. lishers, were it not for a heroic deed performed, on that occasian, by one of our own kin!' ' Who was that P' said Netterville, speaking in an abstracted tone and manner. ' Our right noble kinsman, Maguire of Fermanagh. Passing the house witha few retainers just when the fire was at its height, and hearing the people crying on every, side, that the fairest maiden in Leinster was still somewhere within the house, and must perish in the flames if not speedily rescued, Connor did but wait to learn from some of the company the spot where the lady was last seen, and, immediately darting in, he appeared almost in .the twinkling of an eye, bearing in his arms the motionless form of the English beauty wrapped in his heavy cloak. Amid the cheers and joyous shouts of the crowd of spectators* Maguire placed his fair burden IQ the arms of her rejoicing relatives. He. had found her in that death-like swoon just within the door, where she had fallen in a fright and remained unnoticed in the general confusion, when each thought only of self-preservation, and all who were so fortunate as to keep their senses rushed in wild afrjght from the burning building. The brave chieftain had not himself escaped without some injury, but little reeked he that the beauty of his brown silken tresses was eone, or that his face and neck were sadly scorohed; so long as he had saved the lady from a cruel death he thought not of himself. To say the truth, the minister and all the rest were very thankful, and would have had Maguire go with them to one of the nearest houses to have dressing for his burns and other needful refreshment, but Oonnor had little liking for that oompany, and would not by any eans consent to tarry when once he (perceived the lady coming to herself.' Both the gentlemen were about to speak; but the old woman was beforehand ! With them. • 'Yott fotgoi to tell, Jttdith, that his uncle Lorcitn; Who was with Connor, hurtied hitoi away as soon as "the damsel opened he* motith to thank him J' * Aid why so V demanded Netterville, withstrofcg'embtion. • •••'>• ! ' Because hfe said there was that in hef eyes that boded nb good to one df hife nice. To make' sure, he mfcde the sign Of the C*OBB between Conilot feind -the damsel, atad after that, he hkd &b; moty tremble; the Maguire did his 'bidding like a little child. Well for'J the Clan Maguire that its chief had;Lorcan at his elbbW that day, for it to6k-<oni9 like him that h&s; knowledge from the other world to see aught of evil in 'so fair a form as they say that lady had.' Netterville was.strahgely agitated, and muttered unintelligible words to himself, ap be looked iround the dreary habitation. . ' Thrice accursed wiills!' were the only words that caught the ear, and feven so much w|.i not meant to be heard, for the young "maii, as if recollecting hlmself, glanced around with nervous trepfdatl^n^Shaii'btoke into a wildj Unme«hing ^^itayi -faith, jaow,!that is A pretty H wiA iK)j«ter<wis gaiety; ' 'twas a good beginning for my Lord Maguire, and, as,the old »4W a 'good beginning maketh a good ending. Tet, methinks, the lord of Enniskillen (which proud title t hear he did assume) hath not as yet much to boast of. Pity ithe rack and the dungeon shbuld follow oh feo fair a' toack. Noble ladies; deigii to accept my poor thanks for your hospitllile entertainment-^* ' Nay, speak not of it, Sir (John,* said Judith; with a lofty 'grace that s&t; as well upon her as though ia royal roof covered her head; ' an' yod mean what you say, your thanks are not due to ns but rather to the friendly shelter of these walls—an'you speak : derisively, I havp but to say, that the poverty of your ehi (ertoinment is'iiot out fault; but our mis+ fortune. Farewell, Sir John Netterville | I have heard much of you from your friend and kinsman, Rory O'More, who hath much hope of you as a tru? champion of freedom—see that his hopei be not displaced, for, believe me, i dreary doom, worse, Sir John, that even the rack or the dungeon, awaits th4 recreant who is false to bis God. Adieu; young sir; Heaven speed you on your way!' ' So astonished was the Pal6»mdn at the singular words and the still mtire singular manner ot the speaker, that he left the £{&ce; without fhrther speech to anyone; though his pale lips were Still to be seeii moving in commune with himself. His abrupt departure was not unobserved by the ancient lady, whose dignity was sorely hurt by his omission of such parting salute as she deemed requisite. 'Times are strangely altered,' said she, 'when the grandson of Bufu$ Netterville deigns not to say farewell to Eveleen Maguire. See what it isj Judith; tb be old and poor!' But her daughter was too much in» tetit on other matters to notice either the manner of .the knight's departure or Heif mother's oftended dignity. The moment Netterville was oiit or siglit, O'Neill anxiously inquired whether the Maguire referred to. was the same who lay imprisoned in Dublin Castle. * The very same,' Judith replied; 'you have heard, then, Colonel O'Neill, of what befell him and M'MahonP r ' Surely I did, fair mistress,' and he smiled, 'nay, even to poor Costelloe's unlucky attempt at caricaturing in the Justice's hall. I was told, too, of the torture inflicted on both these gentlemen/ he added, in a more serious tone,'the which was not over pleasant to hear, but we of the conquered race are happily well exercised in the virtue of patience, and must needs pocket many thingSi which others would resent without a moment's delay.' ' Can nothing be done,' said Judith, anxiously, 'on behalf of those noble gentlemen—is there no way of effecting their release P' ' I know of none at the present moment/ O'Neill replied with habitual caution, ' but the chances of war may perchance turn in their favour when we least expect it.' If you cannot assist them/ said Judith; ' their case is hopeless.' Looking up at the moment she saw a smile on the colonel's face, which somehow brought a f^int blush to her own pale cheek, apd she quickly added, in a more reserved tone, drawing back a step or two at the same time— 'This young Norman knight—pardon me, colonel, if I ask where he joined your company, or what you know of him" iP' ' Surely you may ask,' said the colonel, rpgarding her, with, increasing surprise, 'although. I be little used to be thus catechised by ladies. I was journeying hither alone frpm Doe Castle where, for the present, I havp left my companions in arms—relying on my memory for safe cpnduct to Cnarlemont Castle—and when within a mile or so of entering this now desert region, I came up. with this Netterville, as h^ was making enquiries ot a.,tall, peasant whom I took for an O'DoTierty, regarding the road hitherwar,d._ Both being clad in this. treaBon r able ;fashion, as you see, we naturally exchanged a friendly greeting, followed by some cursory remarks on the weather apd ojther such cpmimonplace matters^ when, finding that our road lay in the same dirpcfipn, we agreed to travel to r ether ( the more yrallinglv whpn we heard of the present state of this district. was the first l ever saw of Sir John Netterville, or hp of me, as far as I know/. i ' Trust him not !' 6aid Judith, with startling vehemence; ' he is fickle as tiie wind, or I much mistake, and there is a fearful feuiitiun of hate welling up within hiin that may _ one day work eyil/^ thers besides it& present object. Seb ou npt that he now hates Maguire—nb e^ani^ te|l^ tfien, hpW ^oon that ii4^ea .pxteni h itself to,' ill who arjB azure's . frieiids. Believe me, oh amj^ibn Of the Gkel ! iio man' of his icpd efer yet wpqiised in ^ood faith. the..cause in which you axe about to draW ypur sword/ ' * Heaven grant you be not arprpphetesb, fair lady,' said O'Neill thotightftmy.as' he took, her hand with aii air of prpfound respect. ' Much depeiid oil these Palesmeii at this hbite, an tKey are sincere in their present endeavours '-,—_ may do good semce—for me, X' would fain believe them BO—but—bUT ^ •to 'Little said is soon mendpd^Irtlt P 1 Judith, with a smile that.Tii.'w; her pensive features. 'God be witirypu, colonel/ she fidded, still with the same bright look, as he Her h'^nd at parting, 'an' we. never meet again on earth, ,the memory of. this hour sh^ll be with us in our. solitude-r-tha^ it was given : nsj poor and' ionely _ jromen, to welcome Owen O'Neill to the* land which, under God, he is commissioned, to icee, we shall ever esteem as a .signal vouchsafement from oq high. Q-o your ways now, in God's name, and X pray you overlook the delay caused,by my woman's prattle——' ( ' Nay/ says the colonel gallantly, aji he approached to take leave of tie old liuly, ' nay, surely, I esteem npt ^hat. .delay unprpfitajble.. Much msy it aid the cause hereafter, ay, marry, jn.; more ways than one. Wife of O'Cah^n, .fare you well - ! In, your prayers forget not Owen O'Neill, or those who go up with him to battle for the right, and, believe me, your affairs shall not be unremembered by me. More I say not now. Farewell!' and he turned to leave the vault, when the sound p£ .bud and angry voices on the outside made: jbim stop to listen. ... >. lV " ' Merciful Heaven/ cried Judith, *it is his voice. ' Oh, mother, mother ! hear you that P' ' Child, I do/ said the aged parent, ' but I fear him npt now; there be one present' whom he must ober. Fe^r.not, aughter, for God himself, taking, pity n our misery, hath brought this 1 meetng about.' Before the colonel could even ask hat he meant, a hoarse, mocking Jlangh re-echoed through the. vault, the clank of heavily-ironed boots was heard approaching, and a man's voice cursing the obscurity of the place. 'By my faith, Sir John Netterville,' added the grumbler, ' there be.po Norman of the Pale fit to stand between me and my liking. Ha, ha I a stripling with scarce more than a woman's strength, to tell Sir Phelim O'Neill that he needs must do his bidding. An' I ihad no mind to enter, foolish boy! I would see the matter put were it but to spite you.' , 'Sir Phelim, you shall answer for this/ cried Netterville behind him in the passage. ' ' Answer! to be sure I will, whensoever you choose.' He suddenly stopped, and the mocking laugh died away in his throat, for before him, full in the red torchlight, stood Owen O'Neill, his tall form drawn to its fullest height, and an angry frown knitting his brow. So unexpected was this apparition that the tuFbnlent knight of Kinnard was struck dumb for a moment. Not even the sight of Judith and her mother, although his eye wandered to both, could draw off his spellbound attention from the figure before him. , J:- ' Have I the honour of seeing ' Sir Phelim O'Neill P' faaid the bolonel. ih a keenly Sarcastic tone, after the' pair had eyed each other a few momentum Silent scrutiny.' 'Such is my iuune'tikif jo&m; beP' •' ' Somewhat like unto jeiir oWiu I am Owen O'Neill.' ' * I thought as mucH r for sri^oiffl thoiigh your face bis, thb 'seal of our 'WcB your brow, and lt's fieriy ^piiit fclMhig in your eye. ^e 1 WpdinlJ rttfM' He reached oiit his hahfl/ tHiidk' QweB/'ftipk with in car ;of corideiceiisibn ! 'tha£^Wuist have, been gallifig : to 1 the -pridS'^' ids overbearing kinGahan. '/ ' '^iBirlr&tid; abroad to-day wis to give. ybti"a ittbfe'tbg, and conduct you to the pKsencifjibf the dhiefs assembled it ChiMfifflbht Castle. Good Booth, I ; little thotigtft io fih^ yoii, like A6hille8 <if4>ld, alMt the'petticoats. Aeioi-tU was a sneering emphasis bR^ihe wkSP*— * I marvel not to seE them Ho lhc^ted iDr in sudh a condition, £ait X tffiMr to affect the Company of owli di^ hats. Save you, good mother, aiid' yora/ fiair Judith { I' faith, £ goodly dw^Qing yoa have chosen—the n^inister's," as rhopQ to eatmy supper—ho! ho! ho!' ' ' .' Better the company of ' ^atg than that of recreant knights.' said Judith pruuttlyv "'and hetfer a thousand times this desolate ruin and freedom than castle br bower and setvilb chaMi' Well. ?aid, Juaith,'qnotIi,% Prelim, with , another hurst of laiighter,; .'yo^ were ever glib with that tongue of your^. A pretty hen old madamis; and H t chickeny<>u^ Ootid flOdth,X awgf' the flight you toot, and your wines cut 80 closely, I wish you joy of your liberty.' The ironical tone in which he spoke was not.lost on his kinsman, nOr yet the sinister look wherewith he regarded both mother and daughter, the latter especially. ' Sir Phelim O'Neill,' said Owen, with the calm, mild dignity of a master* spirit,' I much rejoice to meet you in this presence. This young gentleman and I,'Pointing toNetterville, who stood by in sullen silence, ' being obliged by the storm • to take shelter here, heard with amazement, and, I must say, with indignation —towards whom you may guess—the story of these ladies* wrongs. I now wish* you to understand that hencefor*- Ward I will hare my eye on them—mark my words, Sir Phelim!—and the man who dares insult their poverty, be he friend or foe, shall answer to me for the outrage. Nay, no blustering, cousin mine,' seeing that Sir Phelim was getting up a display of passion. 'I am not the man to be bullied; swaggering will not do with me. I am willing to forget what is past, in this matter, but only on condition that you leave these ladies free to do as they list.' ' By the soul of Heremon!' said Sir Phelim, in a tone of affected good humour, 'you make over free for the length of our acquaintance. "Who made you the champion of these ladies ?' ' My knightly honour,' rejoined Owen, ' and the fame and honour of our house ; also my respect for the memory of a brave and unfortunate chieftain. But here we may not longer tarry. I have told you my mind on this head, and as you value my good will see that you keep it in mind.' Sir Phelim nodded a sort of assent, and glancing furtively at Judith, said, as he turned to lead the way out— • No need for all this pother ; the birds are not worth the trouble of catching them. Good betide you, noble dames, lor all Sir Phelim O'Neill cares; ye may wed these two so valorous knights when ye list; aye! the precious'pair of you.' • •Lead on,' said Owen, sternly; 'no jesting at our expense; nay. Sir John, heed not his idle words. Lead on, Sir " Phfelim, we follow.' The knight saw fit to obey in silence, and the other gentlemen, having once " more exchanged a parting salute with the recluses, all three sallied' forth into 1 the clear sunlight, where a party of Sir Phelim's followers were in waiting. ' The cheers wherewith they greeted the appear, ance of Owen Roe O'Neill made the desolate valley ring, and sent a thrill of joy through the heart that seemed cold (To be continued.) 