THE first of November has arrived* the time when country representatives generally expeet to see the end of the sessioa approaching in order that they may get to the harvest fields. So far, however, there seems no prospect of the session closing during the present year. We do not remember any former session of Parliament when it took so long to accomplish so little. No one of the important measures so readily promised has yet passed through the 'ordeal of both Houses. One or. two unimportant measures so far are all the Cockbum Ministry can show for nearly five months' work. It IB quite evident that however qualified tho present Premier. may be for the post of Minister of Education, he has not got firmness enough for a leader of the House. Some persons, we notice, blame the Opposition' for delaying the business and hindering all progress. We confess, however, that we have hot noticed this. Mr. Playford as leader of &e; Opposition has been as fair as a man. couid well be. There hdti been no attempt to embarass the Government, and not the slightest sign of factious opposition on his part. We are not at all surprised that the Houso has become impatient with such an unsatisfactory state of .things, and that Mr. Playiord has been asked to call the members to consider matters. A meeting was held at Parliament House on Tuesday, but what was done has not transpired. One thing appears very probable, and iliafc is a defeat of the Ministry if Mr. Playford decides on a vote of no-confidence. Whether at this time of the session it would be wise to have a change of Government or not the House must decide when appealed to. The old custom of having a lot of work on the notice paper and doing Hctle'of it has characterised the present Ministry. Last year the leader of the House managed to get through the BHls more rapidly by only having a few measures before the Houtse at the" same time. This certainly appears the wiser course. It has always been a puzzle-to us why Bills should be allowed to ocenppy the attention of members for months instead of weeks. To an outsider it appears very much better to give attention to a few Bills and pass them on to the Upper House quickly than to have so many as are at piesent time undor consideration. THE various sheep shows held in different parts of the Australian colonies serve to indicate that thtre are a variety of opinions as to what is the liesfc type of merino sheep Wool-growiDg, although yet in its infancy* is, ard is likely to be for generations, the most important industry in the colonies. Such a show, therefore, as that of the Australian Sheep Breedei's Association is an important event. More important, perhap?, than most people think, .and likely t o have irore effect upon the general prosperity than several acts of Parliament. It may be assumed that sheep breeders know theit own business and possibly it will be considered an unwarrantable piece of impertenance on our p.art to attempt to advise them. Nevertheless, a note of warning from an. onlooker may not be out of place, w 7 aere there is an evident tendency to rush after new things with an haste not altogether born of knowledge. The old type of Australian merino in not an altogether despicable animal, and while his wool is conspicious for its quality and quantity, the carcase has not bpen entirely neglected. But so much can hardly be said for the American hero, which now se ms to be coming so rapidly to the front. The American merino has been bred for generatiens for wrinkles, greese and wool. The carcase has been entirely neglected. That he is a densely wo oiled snimal anyone who insprpt^ the champion four-toosh v«m j^p late show in Goldsbornsh, Mo r fc and Co.'s stores, Melbourne, must ad m ;t • but that he is the best type 0f sheep for Australia mal be doubted. The Americians themselves &re; awakening to the fact that they have bred too t much for wrinkles and greese and the demand now in America ia for an animal with less wrinkles and *more teudoncy to fatten. Thev want mutton as well as wool. The leather-necked extremely wrinkly excessively volfev sheep is very little good for the butcher. "We recentU saw an account of an American merino ram that .cut a fleece 'weighing 52 lbs in the grease. This monstrosity scoured down to 81bs llozs of clean wool. It is clear that the unfortunate animal was carrying a burden which of 43 lbs of wool, 35 lbs of which ot least was supsrflous and and a nuisance. Moreover, it had to produce all this superflona grease with which itlarded the lean earth as it went alon?, at the expense of its food, and at a clear waste of its vital energies. A sheep has after all, onlv limit,pd capacity for changing grass into wool, mutton and grease. The vitality and digestive* powers of-a sheep is not unlimited, If its fattening propensity is dissipated in the production of gallons of oil. which nature certainly does not require in such abnormal quaintites, it is evident that the carcase muRt suffer. Tfc may be well to pause before going to far in •the direction of yolk and wrinkles, to the utter neglect of the constitution and carcase. MAITLAND SHOW.—First prize fo r Aylesbury ducks should have read in ou r last issue 6. Daw, not Brown and Whenan also firs* prize for be3t dressed doll should have read, Miss 6. Daw not Maloney. SUDDEN DEATH AT MOONTA MINES.— Yesterday afternoon a lad named John Henry Trevithick, aged fourteen years, died quite suddenly. It appears that the lad was thought to be in good health and had taken his dinner, after which he resumed his work as one of the pickers, when all at once he fell down and expired almost directly. Dr. Archer was sent for bnt could do nothing, aud as he had not attended the boy he reported the matter to the police, and gave a certificate as a J. P. that an inqueBt was not necessary. EXTENSION OF FAIRFIELD SHIPYARD.— The F«r6eld Shipbuilding and Engineer ^"Mng Company made application at Govan Dean *of Guild Court recently for permisBim to erect a two-story tenement of offices, etc. along the south side ot the yard. The principal entrance to the proposed buildings will be from Govan Road. The frontage, which extends from the present gatehouse westwards, will be 330 feet in length, and of red sandstone, while the other walls will be buit of brick. The ground , floor will be occupied as board room, director's lunch room, manager's private room, offices for clerks of the shipbuilding and engineering department, waiting-rooms, etc. Spacious apartments on the upper flat will be set aside for dranghtman. The plans were passed. AMALGAMATION OF MOONTA. AND WAL- LAROO MINES.—A meeting of shareholders of both these Companies, was held in Adelaide on Wednesday, to consider • the award tof Sir Henry Ayers, as to the amalgamation of both companies. There was a good attendance at each meeting. Sir William Milne presided at the meeting of the Moonta shareholders, and Mr. Jas. Harvey at the Wallaroo meeting. The meeting of the Moonta shareholders terminated without any resolution being _ carried, although the directors were opposed to Sir Henry Ayer'a award, which regarded both properties of equal value.* The result of the meetings was that the matter of the circular containing the particulars of the award of Sir Henry Ayers be referred to the directors of both companies for their opinions and reports. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' CHTTRCH PARADE. —Between four an4 five hundred members of the Friendly Societies of Moonta, held a church parade on Sunday last. The procession was formed at the Friendly Societies' Hall, George Street, and headed by Messrs. Emerson (President), and Hollands (Secretary), marched to the Moonta Mines Wesleyan Church, the Military and Model bands playing appropriate music, which wes thoroughly enjoyed by the numerous spectators. The committee'—Messrs. J. Jewel, Robjohns, and Bourne, acted as Marshalls, and great praise is due to them, for their excellent arrangements. On arriving at the Church, the processionists quickly filled the body ®f the Church, and with the exception of the gallery, which was crowded, very little room was available for the public. The service opened by singing one of Sankey's well-known hvmns, after which the Rev. T. Weatherill offered up prayer, which was followed by the choir singing the anthem Behold how good and joyful," in a very pleasing manner 3 the bass solo being beautifully rendered by Mr, T. Trembath. The Rev R. Kelly then read the 12th chapter of Romans. The congregation were addressed by the Revs. Piper,. Weatherill, ' Hiatt, and Kelly, the passage chosen for the text being Romans 14, verse 17— < { The kingdom of God is not meat or daink. but righousness, and peace, and joy, in the Holy Ghost.' After the service, the men again fell in, and marched to the Moonta Mines Post Office, where Mr. Emerson spoke a few words of congratulation, the Band playing the doxology. The collection amounted to £11 Is, of which the local Benevolent Society will receive fully £10. THAT WALLAROO ROAD AGAIN. — Our local contemporary in its last issue has \- referred at some length to this question. Whilst regretting anything like a controversy between the two papers, we feel bound to take exception to the way in which our contemporary has put the' question before its readers. The local referred to is misleading in several respects, and indicates that it was written by the nominal editor of the paper, who may be excused for being more familiar with Parliamentary proceedings and Angle Pole expeditons than local questions. The following sentence is quite refreshing to those who understand the question thoroughly : " In the first instance the Wallaroo Corporation sought to fence in their park lands, and in doing so decided to have the road on the south of the cemetery opened." If it is true that half of the truth is worse than a whole lie, thi s Jesuitical sentence must be judged on it s merits. The Corporation fenced in, not their park lands only, but land which was outside their park lands and which they had no right whatever to enclose, and in doing so closed what had been used as a public road for twenty-five years past. The statement that the Corporation opened the road south of the cemetery would read more correctly if it were put " opened a road," as there was no road there until the Corporation opened it. The fact is the Corporation blundered, aud as Or. Marshall stated last Monday they have discovered their* blunder and by the assistance of the senior member have obtained a right to the land enclosed within the last month, not as park lands but as a water shed. The statement tha 1 ; one or two councillors were stirred up by a prominent Moonta resident who has since entered the Council, clearly refers to Cr. Wilkinson, and is simply untrue as the facts are quite the other away about. Mr. Wilkinson knew nothing of the matter until his attention was called io it by Cr. Marshall. The Wallaroo ratepayers are of course interested in the expenditure of their rates as well as in the opening and closing of roads. Last June it was known that Mr. Chatfield, who had been against the action of the Corporation in the first instance, was then the champion of that body for getting the road made, and that Mr. Roach, who is far and away the largest ratepayer in the ward, was strongly opposed to the Corporation scheme. Yet Mr. Roach on July 1st., was returned by a g n o3 majority over Mr. Chatfield. So much for the opinion of the ratepayers of Wallaroo Ward, even though, it is alleged, that the' Mayor worked hard for his champion even to giving a proxy vote. The ratepayers at this end of the district have no wish to interfere in merely local matters at Wallaroo, but they have a perfect right to object to an old road declared by Act of Parliament being illegally closed, and Cr. Roach has a perfect right to assume that, as the latest elected councillor for Wallaroo Ward, he more fully represents the feelings of the ratepayers than does his colleague, who was elected before the dispute arose, The insinuation that the people of Moonta are dictating to the people of Wallaroo on local matters is simply untrue and entirely misleading, as the question of a public road is one in which the whole community whether ratepayers or not are interested. 