. WITH THE TIDE. A TALB OF THE TUBF. B* ' yEHiX.' EpICIAILT WniTTIN FOB THB ' EefIKKI' j . —All Bights Bzsibvxd. CHAPTEBXIX; EDITH SBEB A GHOST Fletcher, after his defeat by Lady May field, brooded over what he considered his wrongs, and vowed vengeance on the heads of bis enemies. In the firat sudden burst of passicn he felt capable of any madness. He' went on a drinking bout, and in the couise of a week had driven himself j nearly insan«. Luckily he pulled himself together in time, and after a day or two' - rest he .commenced to feel better. How was he to set at Caloola was the question now occupying his mind. Although Well had assured him, since the race, that he pulled Caloola. Fletcher had his own opinion on .that point. He saw the way the horse ran, and hia experience taught him that., for an animal in Caloola's. condition it was a great trial. He shuddered sb he thought of the improve ment that could be effected in him by November. He had plunged heavily against the hoise, and was shares in one or two big books that had laid Caloola to large amounts. It seemed to be an understood thing amongst certain members of the ring that the horse was a dead 'un, and they 'peppered' him accordingly. When he fancied he had Wells safe, Fletcher thought 'squaring Caloola' a very eaEy matter. Now, however, all war changed. Lady Mayfleld had far more influence over Wells than he had, and she would excercise it with a vengeance. Be growled with rage as he thought how LoidMayfield burnt the letter he had bo much relied upon. As he eat in his loneBome room at the ' Spider's Webb' he endeavoured to con coct some plan by which Caloola'a defeat could be made a certainty. He did not wish anyone else to have a hand in tbe cheme, for he knew how little confidence cruld be placed in a confederate No. What he did must be accomplished single banded. If he could manage to interfere with the horse's preparation m some manner that would probibly prove fatal to hiB chances of success. At any rats it would drive him to an outside price in the betting, when he could hedge at longer odds it necessary. Caleola to be fit, he 1 new, must have some strong gallops, and if tbeee could not be given him his chance of Euccess would be small. Lord- Mayfleld had related as much of Fletcher's interview with Lady Mayfleld i o Msrston as he thought desirable, and Jack had imagined the remainder. It was clear some evil designs were meditated p gainst Caloola, and both Marston and Kingdon thought it desirable to have the hoTsn's-box constantly watched atnight. ' Willie,' the jockey boy, had offered to deep in the box with the horse, and as Caloola was very fond of him it waa de cided he Bhonld do so. A snag little bed was made up in one corner of the box and railed off so that the horse could not interfere with him during the night. Caloola had learnt to like the lad, and wonld have been restless had he been re moved. ? iLwoek hacUposeed' einoo- Flotoher'a -in- - leiviow -with Lady May field, and Marston thought that after all Lord Mayfleld might have attached undue importanco to the. man's threat. He was, however, uneasy, and the constantfear of something happen irg to Caloola caused him to have a worried, anxious look, which did not (scape the loving eyes of Edith Kingdon. She taxed him with it, and he told her what hia fears were. She endeavoured to console bim, bnt at tbe same time she felt that Fletoher might be dangerouB. Edith Kingdon's bedroom was at the ) ear of the house, and from her window she could Bee the Bide of Caloola's box. There had been a card party at the house one nigtt, and Msrston was stopping there until morning. Ab she wentup to her room Ehe thought of the man she loved, and the happiness which depended upon Caloola's performances. She looked out of the window,' it waa moonlight, and glanced at the stables. &he; sat there meditating fox a considerable time, and then went to l£8t. How long she Blept Bhe did not know, but suddenly Bhe awoke with a start, and fancied she heard a emothered cry. She listened intently. All was still with that weird, unearthly silence peculiar to the dead cf night. The room was dark, except for a fitful light from the moon as a dark cloud passed away, only to be fol lowed by another m rapid succession. What should have made her Btart like thatP She was a sound sleeper, and very seldom given to reBtleBsnesB. Inside the house all seemed still, and it was evident the visitors had finished there game at cards and retired for the night. She oould not go to Bleep again, and at laBt she got out of bed. She did not light the gas, bnt almcBt mechanically, not knowing why she did it, she went to the window aud looked through the blind. . All was darkness, and she could not peer through it. At last the clouds lifted, and a faint gleam ot moonlight shot out. For one moment tho scene was dimly illuminated, and Edith saw, or fancied she saw, a shadowy forjp gliding away from Caloola's box. Could her eyes have deceived her F No, there it was, a weird, wild lookisg figure/perfectly white. What could it be i bhe became frightened. She waB faecinated, and conld hardly take her eyes eff it. It did not move, but seemed to gaze at her with bright eyes shining like fiery coals. She felt as though under some mysterious spell, and fancied the figure advanced towards her. As she gazed almost paralysed the mjsteiioUB thing vanished as if by magic. The clouds once more obBcured the moon, and all was darkness. Then Edith came to her senses, and the firBt thing she did was to ory for help. Bhe was in a nervous, hysterical condition, and her maid oamo tunning into the room in a flight. The gaB was lighted and Bhe discovered her mistress almost fainting on thofioor. . With that remarkable faoility in oases of emergency, which maids I generally p:ssesB, she thought to mend matters by Bcreaming, and ehe did it so effectually that ttenouse was rouBtd. Kingdon came rushing along the passage in night attire, and Marston put his head ' out of tho door to ask what w&b; the cause of this disturbance. r It was some time before Edith could .explain to her father .what had happened She told him of the mysterious figure, ghost Bhe called it, that she had seen near Caloola's box. Her father' laughed away licr fears, and said she muat have beon dreaming. ' Why, you actually lay down with your dress on, Edith,' he said. '? It iB true, for after looking out of tho window when ehe first came into tbe room, Edith had lain down on tho bed to take a slight rest before retiring for the night, and had fallen asleep. ' She was almost satisfied she had been dreaming, only the vision was too real. ' Do go ond eee if Caloola's all right, father,' Bhe Baid. ' Whafa tho row,'* Bang out Jack Uarstco from the end of the passage. 'Edith's se«n a ghost,' laughed Kingdon, 'and it nearly frightened her tut of her wits. Moonlight shadows on the blind, I expect it waa.' - ' Go and tell Jack what I eaw father, i and ceo what he says. I'm all right now. Arnie-can stay here with me.' Klnedon went and related to Marston whftt Edith said she had Been. | Jack did not take it coolly as Kingdon I had done. He at once said ' It's Bome of Fletcher's wo/k. Let us go down at once and see if all's right. You may depend upon it Edith saw no ghost.' 'I'll ccme with yon if you , like,' said | Kingdon, ' but it's a fool's game at this time in the morning. Besides, Willie sleeps there, and he'd have been snre to hear any noise.' ' 'Never mind that. We'll go and satisfy ourselves.' They went down stairs and out at the back door, taking with them a lantern, aB there was no gas in the stables. 'The door seems all right,' said Marston. ' I don't think it'B.been opened. Lefs try.' Willio generally fastened it inside, but as Marston tried it the latch lifted easily enough. 'That's- strange, Kingdon. The lad - i I'm sure, usually makes all fast,' said Juck. Kingdon began to think there mi^ht ba something in Edith's ghost after all. I'hey opened the door and the light shone into ( the box. i The first thing they noticed was the con dition of Caloola. [ The horse was trembling from head to i fcot and seemed terrified at something. Be glanced uneasily aronnd the box, but when Marston spoke to him he waB calmer. The horee had evidently had a fright of no ordinary kind. ; 'Feel hie coat, ifs quite wet,' said 1 Marston. i Caloola's skin wbb damp, and sweating i 88 though be had done a gallop. i 'It muBt have been an awful fright he ! had got to pnt him in that state,' said Kin; don. ?' 'Where the deuce Sb Willie?' said 1 Marston. j 'There he is, fast asleep,' said King don, , pointing to the boy's recumbent ' loim. Marston shone thelighton to him, but he had never stirred. ' Lcoks awfully pale,' said MarBton, 'he must have had alfright too. Hello, Willie, lad, wbaf s the matter ?' But Willie never stirred, and they could ? not see him breathe. Msrston touched him and then shuddered and cried, 'Good God! Willie's dead.' Kingdon looked horror- stricken. ' Are you eure P' he said. Marston placed his hand over the boy'B heart, and conld feel a slight flutter. ' There's life in him yet,' said Marston, ' bnt he must have had a severe shock. Here, give me - a hand and lift him up gently.' They carefully raised Willie up and en deavoured to rouee him. ' The lad . wbb in a dead faint, for no maris of blows or signs of violence could , be seen abont him. . I ' Go. acd rouse Ike and one of the other ' j lads, and send straight for the doctor,' said Martson. ' I'll carry him into the ' house sa soon as Ike comes to the horse.' I Kingdon hurried off, and in a few j minutes Ike came into the box. . s ! ' Good Heaven's .what'a.ihe.m?itterr',he - ^ Said, and ' Marston briefly explained what - ' had occurred. ! 'Why didn't you, call me first P' said ; Ike.' 'Never thought of it,' said Jaok. ' Both lad and horse have had a terrible fright,'' waa the trainer's comment.'They look bb if they'd seen a ghoBt.' '? By jove that's what Edith said it waa,' exclaimed Marston. i ' What, a ghost P' said Ike. ' Yes. A white, weird, shadowy thing ; with fieiy eyes that vanished all at once : into the night,' Baid Marston. I 'I only saw a horse frightened like - this once before,' said Ike, 'and then ha ' never got over it. It's a bad job, Mr. i Marston. It'll do the horse no end of harm.' 'Just look him over, and I'll take Willie inside,' said Marston, and he carried the light form of the still uncon scious lad into the house and laid him on a eofa. The doctor had been sent for, and they eagerly awaited his arrival. Meanwhile Ike was making a minute examination of Caloola. He felt him all over, from head to feet, and the only thing at aU suspicious that he could see waa a slight mark on the horse's near forefoot. Ike examined this intently. He then moved the horse about the box, but he showed no signs of lamenesB. 'Can't be anything wrong with his legs,' he thought. Then he emelt his mouth, but could deteot no^iges of anything unusual having been giTen him. Ike was not at all satisfied. He could not make head or tale out of this moat mysterious affair. Toat Fletcher must have had a hand in it he felt certain. But what had,he done to the horse ? frightened him no doubt, and that was quite bad enongh to an animal of Caloola's nervous temperament. Perhaps the man had teen disturbed before ho could accomplish his evil design. At all events he meant to give the[horse a good[stricling gallop aB soon as it was light, and see if anything was really the matter with him. Meanwhile inside the house there was some amonnt of confusion. Edith had quite recovered from her fright, although she was nervous still. Dr. O'Malley, a genial IriBh physician, who loved horses and all their belongings, had driven rapidly to Kingdon's as soon as he wbb called upon. The snorting dootor he waa occasionally named, and he de served it. 'That lad's had a terrible fright,'* he saiid, after making a careful examination of him. 'He has not been hurt at all. How did it all occnr P' Marston explained as far as he knew what had happened. 'Maybe, he'll be out of his senses a bit when he doeB come round,' said, the dpctor. At last Willie showed signs of returning consciousness. He opened - his eyes, and stared about him with a wild, scared look. They watched him intently. He seemed to uotico no one, but glared right before him with fixed eyes. He cculd not speak, but every few momenta he shuddered and seemed in jiintd to faint again. Dr. O'Malley Bpoke to him, but the lad toi k no need. Willie groaned and grasped the side of the sofa.' ' Seo, there it goes/ at last he said in a st'itUd voice. ' Stop it, stop it,'* He -would have spiung off the couob, but the doctor held him down. . 'There's nothing there tny lid,' he t aid kindly. ' Horo'a Mr.' Marston. . See, it's all right.' . v , , Willie looked at Marston, bnt did not | ecra so recognise him. | 'We must get him to sleep, and keep his brain quiet,' said the doopor. Willis is 'removed to a sparo bed room, and Edith Kingdon' held his hand until the lad dropped off into a fltfuu slumber. . 'What's the matter with him, Q^^^^fl caid Marstrn. ' Shock. When he comes tie ab e to tell yon nil thai ' lex, ea plain ss though heBaw it at the iistant,' taid Dr. O Malley. '.'I wonder what he conld have seen,' said Jack. ( V What he thought was unreal,' said the doctor. ' Thtse lads sre superstitious. I recollect a case where a stable, lad wa3 driven clean out of his mind by tho ostler acting a ghost in' the middle of the night. 1 hope the horeo has taken no harm.' ; : i' By jove it-B nearly daylight. We'll go and eee,' taid Jack. Tha two walked out to the stables and found Ike getting Caloola ready for his morning exercise. The herse looked : frightent d, and had evidently not forgotten his night's adventure. He, however, walked out of the box to oil appearances sound. \- 'They went over to tbe course and saw him gallop with tho other horses. Caloola had not gone moro than a mile when Ike's practised eye saw there was something wrong with him, and shortly afterwards hu rider pulled him up, and the horse walked to the gates with difficulty. 'Dead lame,*' said Maiston. /? 'Hobbled eure as a gun,'' said Ike. 'How the devil has it been done?' i jThere wbb quite a crowd of early morning .to.nts out, and general surprise ' was mani fested at Caloola's break down. It seemed 'as though the horse had gone all to pieces, and just at the critical time when he ought to be sent good, strong work. : Ike examined him again, but could not make out where the lameness originated. 'Strange I' Baid Jack. 'There's no sign at all about his feet. Is there any thing between his Bhoe and the foot f' ) ' We'll have '«m off and see when we get home,' Baid Ike. Caloola's shoeB were removed, but no further discovery was made. 'Send for Storey,' said Marston, and accordingly that well-known vet. was eomm'oned. He also examined the horse. The near fore foot took his attention for some time. 'It's here,' he said at laBt. 'My opinion is that a sharp instrument has pieiced the most dedicate part. It has been cleverly done, though. By Jove 1 the foot is poisoned ! ' ' Su»e P' said Ike. ' Quite. Look here t'. and he pointed to a small swelling in the frog— a little green patch. ' If that's net stopped, it nil get worse. I must extract the poison f poBBible. It's the most curious case I've iverhad. It's virulent poison, too. I believo t would completely ret the horse's foot in ime. Wonder where the brute got it hat did euch'a dastardly trick.' ' The myEtery to me is,' said Marston, ' how he got the horse to keep atill.' ' Fright,' Baid Storey. 'I've known iorEea to be frightened until they dare not nove a muscle, but stand trembling all iver.' ' Will he get right soon ?' said Kingdon, mxiously. ' I can hardly tell yet, but I should not ixercise him for a few days.' said Storey. 'This means ruin, I'm afraid, Kingdon. they've got the beat of ub thia time. I ieltsure there was something afloat when [ biw the clasB of men laying thn hoise. I'd like', to beat them yet. By Heaven, Stcrey, if you get the horse ronnd quickly Jon shall be well paid.'' 'I'll- do my best, Mr. Marston, depend upon it;' he said. ' I'm interested in&this; taBW it's quite out ot the common. The po5son.in. that horse s foot is deadly, and I - aiuBt find out what it is. Leave him to me. I've an hour to spare this morning, ind I'll try an experiment.' I 'This is a case where Smirk will come in useful,'' said Marston, as he went down to Sydney with Kingdon. 'I'll tell him ill about it, and Bet him on the track at ince. He's getting rusty, he eays, and I fancy this will give him a good' chance of Exercising his skill' I The news that Caloola had pulled up Jead lame in his gallop that morning had jf read like wildfire, and at tbe. club the bookies, or rather a certain section of them, icie rejoicing, exceedingly.. An attempt bus made to knook the hoise out, but Whenever u particularly tempting price fas offered MarBton snapped it up. King ton followed suit, and between them -they Readied Caloola a little. It was evident, iowever, that the majority thought the Irst nail had been driven in the coffin, and, ts the sporting fraternity would say, Caloola was 'dead meat.' ! (to bb continubd.) 