A Hardy Norseman, Bv EDNA LYALL» Amlkrref'DomXHix,' " fVe "I* i*t CMtu -Ktigkt-EmaU," CHAPTER XV.—continued. they waited home in silence, Miss Charlotte grieving over the hopeless failure of the meeting to achieve what she desired- She had not yet learnt different natures need different kinds ttf food, and that to expect Frithiof to swallow the teaching which exactly suited certain minds was about as sensible as to feed a baby with* Thorley's Food for Cattle. However, there never yet was an honest attempt to do good which really failed, though the vast majority fail appaïendy. It was impossible that the revivalists' teaching could ever be accepted by the Norseman ; but their ardent devotion, their practical, ^aggressive lives, impressed him not a little, and threw a somewhat disagreeable light dver his own selfishness. Partly •owiag to this, partly from physical causes, be felt bitterly out of heart with himself f<M- the next few weeks. In truth, he was thoroughly tout of health, and he had not the tnrty power which can hold irritability to check—die strong restraint of ïôve. Except a genuine liking for the ïfàftlfaces, he had nothing to take him •cut of himself, and he was quite ready to return with interest die dislike which the other men in the shop felt for him, first on account of his foreign birth, but chiefly because of his proud manner and hasty temper. Sometimes he felt that he could bear the life no longer ; and at times, out of his very wretchedness, there sprang up in him a vague pity for those who were in his own position. As he stood there behind the counter he would say to himself, "There are thousands and thousands in this city alone who have day after day to endure this horrible monotony, to save the customers who are rude, awl the customers who are civil, the hurried ones who are all impatience^ the tiresome ones who dawdle, the botes, who give you as much trouble as they can, often for nothing. One day follows another eternally in the same dull Sound. I am a hundred times better off than most—there are no hurried meals here, no fines, no unfairness—and yet what drudgery it is !" And as he glanced out.at the sunny street and heard the sound of horses' hoofs in the road, a wild longing used to seize him for die freedom and variety of his life in Norway, and 4e old fierce re- bellion against his fete woke once more in his heart, and made him ready to fly into a rage on the smallest provocation. One day he was sent for to Mr. Boniface's private room; he was quite well aware that his manner, even to Roy himsdfj «horn he liked, had been disagreeable in die extreme, and the thought crossed Ms mind that he was going to receive notice to leave. Mr. Boniface was sitting at his writingable, the sunlight fell on his quiet, refined face, lit up his white hair and trim beard, and made his kindly grey eyes brighter than ever. " I wanted a few words with you, Falck," he said. "Sit down. It seems to me that you have not been looking well lately, and I thought perhaps you had better take your holiday at once instead of the third week in August. I have spoken to Darnell, and he would be willing to give you his turn and take the later time. What do you think?" « You are very good, sir," said Frithiof, but I shall do very well with the August holiday, and, as a matter of fact, it will only mean that I shall do more translating." « Would you not do well to go home ? Come, think of it, I would give you three weeks if you want to go to Bergen/ Frithiof felt a choking sensation in his throat, because it was of the old life that he had been dreaming all the morning with a restless, miserable craving. "Thank you,"he said, with an effort, "but I cannot go back to Norway." " Now, tell me candidly, Falck, is it the question of expense that hinders you?" said Mt Boniface. "Because if it is merely that, I would gladly lend you the money. You must remember that you have had a great deal to bear lately, and I ttiinlr you ought to give yourself a good rest" « Thank you," replied Frithiof; " but it is not exactly the expense. I have money enough in hand to pay for my passage, but I have made up my mind not to go back till I can clear off the last of the debts of —of our firm," he concluded, with a slight quiver in his voice. "It is a noble resolution," said Mr. Boniface, " and I would not for a moment discourage you. Still you must remember that it is a great undertaking, and that without good health you can never hope for success. I dont think you get enough exercise. Now why don't you join our cricket dub?" " I dont play," said FrithioL " In Norway we are not great at those games, or indeed at any kind of exercise for the mere sake of exercise. That is an idea that one only finds among Englishmen " Possibly ; but living in our rlîmatp ou would do well to follow our habits, F G iome, let me persuade you to join the club. You look to me as if you needed greater variety." " I will think about it for next year ; but, just now I have work for Herr Sivertsen on hand which I can't put aside," said FrithioC "Well, then things must go on as they are for the present," said Mr. Boniface ; " but at least you can bring your translating down to Rowan Tree House, and spend your holiday with us." " You are very kind," said Frithiof, the boyish expression returning to his face just for a minute. "I shall be only too delighted." And the interview seemed somehow to Tiave done him good, for during die next few days he was less irritable, and found his work in consequence less irksome. CHAPTER XVI. BUT the change for the better did not last long, for Frithiof 'was without the motive which "makes drudgery divine." And there was no denying that the work he had to do was really drudgery. It has been the fashion of late years to dwell much on die, misery of the slums, and most of us are quite ready to be stirred into active sympathy with die abjecdypoor, die hungry or die destitute. It b tote feared, however, that very fow of us have much consideration for die less romantic, less sensational lives of the middle-class, the thousands who toil for ns day after day behind the counter or at the desk. And yet are their lives one whit less worthy «sympathy? Are «hey not educated to m point which makes , them infinitely more sensitive? Hood has givenns a magnificent poem on the sorrows of a shirtniaker; but who wiH take the trouble to find poetry in the sorrows and wearinesses of shop- assistants? It has been said that die very atmosphere of trade lolls romance, that no poet or novelist would dare to take up such a theme ; and yet everywhere the human heart is the same, and shop- life does not interfere with the loves and hatreds, the joys and sorrows which make up the life of every human being, and out of which are woven all the romances which were ever written. No one would dispute the saying that labour is worship, yet nevertheless we know well enough that while some work of itself ennobles the worker, there is other work which has to be ennobled by the way in which it is done. An artist and a coalheaver both toil for the general good, but most people will admit that the coalheaver is heavily handicapped. If in the actual work of shop-assistants there is a prosaic monotony, then it is all the more probable that they need our warmest sympathy, our most thoughtful considerateness since they themselves are no machines, but men and women with exactly the same hopes and desires as the rest of us. It is because we consider them of a different order that we tolerate the long hours, that we allow women to stand all day long to serve us, though it has been proved that terrible diseases are the consequence. It is because we do not in our hearts believe that they are of the same flesh and blood, that we thinlr with a sort of contempt of the very people who are brought most directly into contact with us, and whose hard-working lives often put ours to shame. About the middle of July the Bonifaces went down to Devonshire for their usual summer holiday, and Frithiof found that, as Roy had predicted, Mr. Horner made himself most disagreeable, and never lost a chance of interfering. It must be owned that there are few things so trying as fussiness, particularly in a man, of whom such weakness seems unworthy. And Mr. Horner was the most fussy mortal on earth. It seemed as if he called forth all that was bad in Frithiof, and Frithiof also called out everything that was bad in him. The breach between the two was made much wider by a most trivial incident. A miserable looking dog unluckily made its way into the shop one morning and disturbed Mr. Horner in Ids sanctum. "What is the meaning of this?" he exclaimed, bearing down upon Frithiof. "Can you not keep stray curs off the premises? Just now too, with hydrophobia raging!" And he drove and lacked the dog to the door. Now there is one thing which no Norseman can tolerate for a moment, and that is any sort of-cruelty to animals. Frithiof in his fury, did not measure his words, or speak as the employai to the employer, and from that time Mr. Homo's hatred of him increased tenfold. To add to all this wretchedness an almost tropical heat set in ; London was like a huge over-heated oven ; everyday Frithiof found the routine of business less bearable, every day he was less able to fight against his lofre for Blanche, and he rapidly sank into the state which hard-beaded people flatter themselves is a mere foolish fancy,—that most real and trying form of illness which goes by the name depression. Again and again he wrestled with the temptation that had assailed him long ago in Hyde Park, and each sight of James Horner, each incivility from those he had to serve, made the struggle harder. He was sitting at his desk one morning adding up a column which had been twice interrupted, and which had three times come to a different result, when once again the swing door was pushed open and a shadow falling across his account book warned him that the customer had come to the song-counter. Annoyed and impatient he put down his pen and went forward, forcing up the sort of cold politeness which he assumed now, and which differed strangely from the bright genial courtesy that had once been part of his nature. The customer was evidently an Italian. He was young and strikingly handsome ; when he glanced at you, you felt that he had looked you through and through, yet that his look was not critical but kindly, it penetrated yet at the same time warmed. Beside him was a bright-eyed boy who looked up curiously at the Norseman, as though wondering how on such a sunny day any one could wear such a clouded face. Now Frithof was quite in the humour to dislike any one, more especially a man who was young, handsome, well-dressed, and prosperous-looking; but some subtle influence crept over him the instant he heard the Italian's voice, his hard eyes softened a little, and without being able to explain it he felt a strong desire to help this man in finding the song which he had come to inquire about, blowing only the words and the air, not the name of the composer. Frithiof, who would ordinarily have been inclined to grumble at the trouble which die search involved, now threw himself into it heart and soul, and was as pleased as his customer when after some little time he chanced to find the song. "A thousand thanks," said die Italian warmly. " I am delighted to get hold of this, it is for a friend who has long wanted to hear it again, but who was only able to write down die first part of die air." And he compared with die printed song die little bit of manuscript which he had shown to Frithiof. " Now was it only a happy fluke that made you dunk of Knighfs name? " "I know another of lus songs, and thought this bore a sort of likeness to it," said Frithiof, pleased with his success. "You know much more of English music than I do most likely," said the Italian, " yet surely you, too, are a foreigner." "Yes," 1 replied Frithiof, "I am Norwegian. I nave only been here for nine months, but to try and learn a little about die music is the only interesting part of this work." The stranger's sympathetic insight showed him much of the weariness and discontent, and " Heimweh" which lay beneath these words. "Ah, yes,"he said, "I suppose both work and country seem flat and dull after your life among the fjords and mountains. I know well enough the depression of one's first year in a new climate. But courage! the worst win I have grown to love this Enghich once I detested." It is the airlessness of London which depresses one," said poor Frithiof, colling up the.song. "Yes, It Is certainly very oppressive to-day," said the Italian. u I am sorry to have given you so much trouble in hunting up this song for me. We .may as well take it with us, Gigi, as we are going home." And then with a pleasant farewell the strai ner bowed and went out «f die shop, leaving behind hm a memory which did •note to prevent the Une^evils from the mastery of FrithioPs mind ything dse could possibly have done. When ,he left, however, at Ids usual dimvr-ltxir he iras witbo*^ the slightest intimation to eat, and with à craving for some relief from the monotony of the glaring streets he walked up to Regents Park, hoping that there perhaps he might find the fresh air for which hewas longing. He thought much of his unknown customer, half laughing to himself now and then to think that chance encounter should have made upon him so deep an impression, should have wakened within him desires such as he had never before felt for a life which should be higher, nobler, more manly than his past. "Come along, will you!" shouted a rough voice behind Mm. He glanced round and saw an evil-looking tramp who was speaking to a most forlorn little boy at his heels. The child seemed ready to drop, but with a look of misery and fear and effort, most painful to see in such a young face, it hurried on, keeping up a wretched little sort of trot at the heels of Its father, who tramped on doggedly. Frithiof was not in die* habit of troubling himself much about those he came across in life, his heart had been too much embittered by Blanche's treatment ; he had got into the way now of looking on coldly and saying with a shrug of the shoulders that it was the way of the .world. But to-day the magical influence of a noble life was stirring within him ; a man utterly unknown to him had spoken to him a few kindly words, had treated him with rare Considerateness, had somehow raised him into a purer atmosphere. And so it happened that he, too, began to feel something of the same divine sympathy, and to forget lus own wretchedness in the suffering of the little child. Presentiy the tramp paused outside a public-house. " Wait for me there in the park," he said to the child, giving it a push in the direction. And the litde fellow went on obediently, until, just at the gate, he caught sight of a costermonger's barrow on which cool green leaves and ripe red strrwberries were temptingly displayed. Frithiof lingered a minute to see what^would happen, but nothing happened at all, the child just stood there patiently. There was no expectation on his tired little face, nothing but intense appreciation of a luxury which must for ever be beyond his hopes of enjoyment "Have you ever tasted them?" said Frithiof, drawing nearer. The boy shook his head shyly. " Would you like to?" Still he did not speak, but a look of rapture dawned in the wistful child eyes, and he gave a litde spring in the air which was more eloquent than words. " Sixpennyworth," said Frithiof to the costermonger ; then signing to the cliild to follow, he led the way into the park, sat down on the nearest seat, put the basket of strawberries down beside him, and glanced at his litde companion. "There, now sit down by me and enjoy them," he said. And the cMld needed no second bidding, but began to eat with an eager de' light which was pleasant to see. After a while he paused, however, and shyly pushed the basket a litde nearer to his benefactor. Frithiof, absorbed in his own thoughts, did not notice it; but presentiy became conscious of a small brown hand on Ms sleeve, and looked round. " Eat too," said the child, pointing to the basket. And Frithiof to please him, smiled and took two or three strawberries. " There, the rest are for you," he said. * Do you like them ? " "Yes," said the child emphatically; "and I like you." " Why do you like me? " " I was tired, and you was kind to me, and these is real iammy ! " But after this fervent litde speech, he said no more He did not, as .a Norwegian child would have done, shake hands as a sign of gratitude, or say in the pretty Norse way, " Tak for maden " (thanks for the meal) ; there had never been any one to teach him the expression of the courtesies of life, and with him they were not innate. He merely looked at Ms friend with shining eyes like some animal that feels but cannot speak its gratitude. Then before long the father reappeared, and the litde fellow with one shjr nod of the head tan off, looking back wistfully every now and then at the stranger who would be remembered by him to the very end of his life. The next day something happened which added the last drops to FrithioPs. cup of misery, and made it .overflow/ Hie troubles of die past year, and the loneliness and poverty which he had borne, had gradually broken down Ms health, and there came to Mm now a revelation which proved the final blow. He was dining at his 115113J restaurant Too tired to eat much, he had taken op a bit of one of die society papers which someone had left there, and his eye fell çn one of those detestable paragraphs which pander to the very lowest tastes of the public. No actual name was given, but every one knowing anything about lier «nid not fail to see that Blanche Rmniasx was die woman referred to. The most revoltinginsiniiations, the most contemptible gossip, ended with the words, "An interesting divorce case may b soon be expected." Frithiof grew deathly white. He tried f to believe that it was all a lie, tried to t work himself up into a rage against the t editor of the paper, tried to assure himself that whatever Blanche might have been before marriage, that after it she must necessarily become all that was womanly and pure But deep down in his heart there lurked a fearful conviction that in die main dûs story was true. Feeling sick and giddy, he nude lus way along Oxford Street, noticing nothing, walking like a man in a dream. Just in front of Buzzard's a victoria was waiting, and a remarkably good-looking man stood oti the pavement talking to its occupant. Frithiof would have passed by without observing them had not a familiar voice startled him into keen consciousness. He looked up hastily and saw Lady Romiaux—not the Blanche who had won his heart in Norway, for the lips that had once been pressed to his wore a hard look of defiance, and die eyes that had ensnared him had . now an expression that confirmed oply too " Well the story he had just read. He heard her give a litde artificial laugh in which there was not even the ghost of merriment, and after that it seemed as if a great cloud had descended on him. He moved on mechanically, but it was chiefly by a sort of instinct that he found lus way back to the shop. " Good heavens, Mr. Falck ! how ill you are looking!" exclaimed the head man as he glanced at him. " It's a good thing Mr. Robert will be back again soon. If I'm not very much mistaken, he'll put you into the doctor's hands." •'Oh, it is chiefly this hot weather," said Frithiof, and as if anxious to put an end to the conversation, he turned away to his desk and began to write, though each word cost him a painful effort, and seemed to be dragged out of him by sheer force. At tea-time he wandered out in the street, scarcely knowing what he was doing, and haunted always by Blanche's sadly altered face. When he returned he found that the boy who dusted the shop had spilt some ink over his order book, whereupon he flew into one of those violent passions to which of late he had been liable, so entirely losing Ms self-control that those about him began to look alarmed. This recalled him to himself, and much disgusted at having made such a scene, he sank into a state of black depression. He could not understand himself ; could not make out what was wrong ; could not conceive how such a trifle could have stirred him into such senseless rage. He sat, pen in hand, too sick and miserable to work, and with a wild confusion of thoughts rushing through Ms brain. " He was driving along the Strangaden with Blanche, and talking gaily of the intense enjoyment of mere existence ; he was rowing her on the fjord, and telling her the Fnthiof Sàga ; he was saving her on the mountain, and listening to her words of love ; he lyas down in the sheltered nook below the flagstaff at Balholm, and she was clinging to him in the farewell which had indeed been for ever. " I can bear it no longer," he said to himself. " I have tried to bear this life, but ifs no use—no use." Yet after a while there rose withiti him a thought which checked thé haunting visions of failure and the longing for death. He remembered the face which had so gready struck him the day before, and again those kindly words rang in his ear, " Courage ! the worst will pass/" Who was this man ? What gave him his extraordinary influence? How had he gained his insight, and sympathy, and fearless brightness ? If one man had attained to all this, why not any man? Might not life still hold for Mm something that was worth having? There floated back to him the remembrance of die last pleasurable moment he had known—it was the sight of the child's enjoyment of the strawberries. At length closing-time came. He dragged himself back to Vauxhall, shut himself into Ms dreary litde room, pulled the table towards the open window, and began to work at Herr Sivertsen's translating. Night after night he had gone on, with the dogged courage of Ms old Viking ancestors, upheld by the same fierce, fighting nature which had made them the terror of the North. But at last he was at the very end of his strength. A violent sMvering fit seized Mm. Work was no longer possible ; he could only stagger to the bed, with that terrible consciousness of being utterly and hopelessly beaten, which to a man is so hard to bear. Oppressed by a frightful sense of loneliness, dazed by physical pain, and tortured by the thought of Blanche's disgrace, there was yet one thing which gave him moments of relief—like a child lie strained his eyes to see the picture of Bergen which hung by the bedside. . Later on, when die summer twilight deepened into night, and he could no longer make out the harbour, and the shipping, and the familiar mountains, he buried his. face in the pillow and sobbed aloud, In a forlorn misery. which, even in Paradise, must have wrung his mother's heart ; • _ » * * Roy Boniface came back from Devonshire the following dav, Ms holiday shortened by a. week on account of the illness of Mrs. Homer's uncle. As there was every reason to expect a legacy this aged relative,- Mr. Homer insisted on going down at once to see whether could be of any «çç; and 6incç} the shop was never left without one of the partners, poor Roy, anathematizing the whole race of the Homers, had to come back and endure as best he might a London August and an empty house. Like many other business men he relieved the monotony of his daily work by always keeping two or three hobbies in hand. The mania for collecting had always been encouraged at Rowan Tree House, and just now botany was his keenest delight. It was even, perhaps, absorbing too much of his time, and Cecil used laughingly to tell him that he loved it more than all die men and women in the world put together. He Was contentedly mounting specimens on the night of his return, when James Homer looked in, the prospective legacy making him more than ever fussy and pompous, "Ah, so you have come back ; that's all right l " he exclaimed. " I bad hoped you would have cometoimd to us. However, no matter, I dont know that there is anything special to say, and of course this sad news has upset my wife very much," "Ah," said Roy, somewhat sceptical in his heart of hearts about the depth of her griet " We were sorry to hear about it." "We go down the first thing tomorrow," said James Homer, "and shall, of course, stay on. They say there is no hope of recovery." "What do you think of that?" said Roy, pointing to a very minute flower which he had just mounted. " It is the first time it has ever been found in England." "H'm, is it really!" said James Homer, regarding it with that would-be interested air, that bored perplexity, which Roy took a wicked delight in calling forth. " Well, you know, I don't understand," he added, " how a practical man lite yoil can take an interest in such trumpery bits of things. What are your flowers worth when you've done them ? Now if you took to collecting autographs there'd be some sense in that, for I understand that a fine collection of autographs fetches a good round sum in the market" " That would only involve more deskwork," said Roy, laugMng. " Writing to ask for them would bore me as much as writing in reply would bore the poor celebrities." " By the bye," said Mr. Homer, " I have just remembered to tell you that provoking fellow Falck never turned up to-day. He never even had die graeê to send word that he wasn't coming/ " Of course he must be ill," said Roy, looking dîsturbécL b He is the last fellow to stay away if he could possibly keep up. We all thought Mm looking ill before we left" "I dont know about illness," said James Homer, putting on Ms hat ; "but he certainly has the worst temper I've ever come across. It was extremely awkward without him to- day, for already we are short of hands." » "There can hardly be much doing," said Roy. " London looks like a desert However, Of course III look up Falck. I daresay hell be all right again by tomo^loW. ,, But he had scarcelysetdedMmsdf down comfortably to Ms work after James Hornet's welcome departure when the thought of Frithiof came to trouble him. After all, was it likely that a mere trifle would hinder a man of the Norwegian's nature from going to business ? Was it not much more probable that he was too ill even to write an excuse ? And if so, how helpless and desolate he would be 1 Like most people, Roy was selfish. Had he lived alone he would have become more selfish every day ; but it was impossible to live in the atmosphere of Rowan Tree House without, at any rate, trying to consider other people. With an effort he tore himself away from his beloved specimens, and set off briskly for Vauxhall, where, after some difficulty, he found the litde side street in which, among dozens of others precisely like it, was die house of the three Misses Turnour. A litde withered-up lady opened the door to him, and replied nervously to his question,— "Mr. Falck is IB," she said. "He seems very feverish ; but he was like it once before, when be first came to England, and it passed off in a day or two." "Can I see him?"said Roy. "Well, he doesn't like being disturbed at all," said Miss Charlotte. " Hell hardly let me inside die room. But if you would just see him, I should really be glad. You will judge better if he should see the doctor or not" "Thank you, 111 go up then. Don't let me trouble you." "It is noise he seems to mind so much," said Miss Charlotte. "So if you mil find your way up alone, perhaps it would be best It is the first door you come to at the top of the last flight of stairs* Roy went up quietly, opened die door as noiselessly as he coula, and went In., The window faced the sunset, so that die room was still fanty light, and the utter discomfort of everything was fully I wisb yiW'WiouldhVciHne in said an irritable voice from ti f<Tlwli^itestfootstejnis torture." > ^ M c f i D f r . said Roy, much shocked to see how ill Ms friend seemed. 4 " Oh, ifs you ! " said Frithiofj turning Ms flushed face in the direction of the speaker. "Thank God you've come! That woman will be the death of me. She does nothing but ask questions." "I've only just got back from Devonshire, but they said you hadn't turned tip to-day, and I thought I would come and see after you.", Frithiof dragged himself up and drank feverishly from the ewer which stood on à chair beside him. " I tried to come this morning," he said, " but I was too giddy to stand, and had to give it up. My head's gone wrong somehow." * Poor fellow ! you should have given ùp before," said Roy. "You seem in terrible pain." "Yes, yesj it's like a band of hot iron," moaned poor Frithiof. Then suddenly starting up in wild excitement, " There's Blanche ! there's Blanche ! Let me go to her I Let me go ! I will see her once more—only this once ! " Roy with some difficulty held Mm down, and after a while he seemed to come to himself. " Was I talking nonsense ?" he said. " It's a horrid feeling not being able to control one'9 sel£ If I go crazy you can just let me die, please. Life's bad enough now, and would be intolerable then. There she is again ! She's smiling at me. Oh, Blanche !—you did care once Come back ! Come back ! He can't love you as I love ! But it's no use—no use ! she is worse than dead. I tell you I saw it in that cursed paper, and I saw it in her own face. Why, one might have known ! All women are like it What do they care so long as their vanity is satisfied ? It's just as Bjornsen says :— ' If thou hadst not so smiled on me, Now I should not thus weep for thee.' ' And then he fell into incoherent talk, chiefly in Norwegian, but every now and then repeating die English rendering of Bjdrnsen's lines. Meanwhile Roy turned oter in his mind half-a-dozen schemes, and at length decided to leave Frithiof durifig one of the quiet intervals, while he went for their own doctor, Miss Charlotte mounting guard outside the door, and promising to go to him if he seemed to need care. Dr. Morris, who was an old friend, listened to Roy's description, and returned with hitt at once, much to the relief of poor Miss Charlotte, who was frightened out of her senses by one of Frithiofs paroxysms of wild excitement " Do you think seriously of Mm ? " said Roy,-when, the excitement having died down, Frithiof lay in a sort of stupor, tâklïig fia notice at all of Ms surroundings. "If we.can manage to get him any sleep he will pull through all right," said Dr. Morris, in Ms abrupt way. "If not, he will sink before many days. You had better send for Ms mother, if he has one." " He has only a sister, and she is in Norway" " Well, bend for her, for he will need careful nursing. Yôtt say you will take charge of him ? Very well} dfld to-morrow morning I will send in à nursè, whcJ wi3 set you at liberty for a few hours. Evidendy he has had some shock. Can you make out what it was at all ? " " Well, last autumn. I believe—indeed I am sure—he was jilted by an English girl with whom he was desperately in love. It all came upon the top of the other troubles df which I told you." "And what is tins paper he raves about? What is the girl's name? We might get some clue in that way." "Oh," said Roy, "she was married some months ago. She is now Lady Romiaux." The doctor gave a stifled exclamation. " That explains alL I suppose the poor fëlioW hdnesdy cared for her, and was shocked to see the paragraph in this week's Idle Time. Your friend has had a lucky escape, if he could but see it id that light For the husband of that heardess litde flirt must be the most miserable mari alive. We shall soon have another of those detestable causes célèbres, and the newspapers lying about in every household will be filled with all the poisonous details." As Roy kept watch through the long flights and days that followed, as he listened td .the delirious ravings of Ms patient, and perceived how a man's life and health had been ruined by the faithlessness of a vain girl, he became so absorbed in poor Frithiof, so devoted to him, that he altogether forgot his specimens and his microscope. He wondered gready how many victims had been sacrificed to Blanche Romiaux's selfish love of admiration, and he longed to have her in that room, and point to the man who tossed to and fro in sleepless misery, and say to her, " This is what your hateful flirting has brought about" But the litde Norwegian episode had entirely passed out of Lady Romiaux's mind. Had she been questioned she would probably have replied that her world contained too many hard realities to leave room for the recollection of mere dreams. The dream, however, had gone hard with Frithiof. Sleeping-draughts had no effect on him, and his temperature remained so high that Dr. Morris began to fear tie worst Roy used to be haunted by the thought that he had telegraphed for Sigrid Falck, and that he should have to meet her after her long journey with the news that all was over. And remembering the bright face and sunny manner of die Norwegian girl, his heart failed him at the thought of her desolation. But FritMof could not even take in the idea that she had been sent for. Nothing now made any difference to him. But sleep refused to come, and already die death-angel hovered near, ready to give him die release for which he so gready longed. {To be continued,1) "DO YOU THINK SERIOUSLY OF HIM," SAID ROY. 