DEATH OF AN OLD WIDE BAY IDENTITY. CLOSE OF A REMARKABLE CAREER, [Brisbane Telegraph.] On Tuesday with tho doath of James Davis, hotter known yoars ago as Durrum lioi, or as Mr. Stuart Russoll Bpolls it — Dorhamboi, thoro ondod a caroor without parallel in the history of tho colonisation of Qnoonsland. No equally graphic rocord of a wild whito man exists, nnd tho follow ing incidents, eolloeteil from tho 'Gonisis of Queensland,' ' The Pieturosquo Atlas of Australia,' and otlior works on tho colony, relating mainly as they do to that period of his mo wnen no was as ono wicn cue nu originals, will bo porusoil with intorcst : — Davis was the son of a Scoteh blacksmith, who followod his calling at Broomiolaw, in tho city of Glasgow, and was apprenticed to his father whon 14 years of ago in 1822. Being of a roving disposition, ho soon do sorted his forgo, and, crossing tlio border, ho mado his way to tho south of England. There, apparently, ho fell into ovil iiabits, for in 1824, with tliroo other youths, ho was convicted of stealing half-a-crown from a church in Surrey, and, along with his companions, transported to Botany Bay by tho ship Minstrel. In his now life also ho does not appear to have reformed, for in 1S28 ho was again transported to tho penal settlement at Moroton Bay, whoro colonial scntoncod folous only were sent. Ho was there employod at tho forgo along with a mato, anil so liberal was Captain Logan, tho commandant at tlio time, with tho whip, that preferring all hazards to tho terrors of such morciless rule, tho two convicts took to tho bush. Proceeding northward, those absconders soon fell in with a numer ous tribe of aborigines, by whom they wore kindly received. Davis, by no means good looking as a white man, was vocognisod a ro-iiicaruation of Dorhamboi, a lamented inombur of their tribe, who had dioil sumo time ago, anil according to thoir supersti tion, returned to life again. Ho was imme diately adopted by Paniby-Painby, Dor liamboi's father, and his wife, who was still alive, regularly supplied with provisions, and was safu from that moment. Ilis loss fortunate companion, however, perished ero long, killed in expiation of an accidental saeriiigc in emptying the mortal remains of a deceased blackfellow from a native basket which he f-umd in a true and which ho ap propriated to carry oysters in. Shortly afterwards Davis very nearly fell a victim to tlio ferocity of his black associates. By some accidental means lie killod tho pot dog of his adopted mothor, who was so un raged at this loss that she instigated her husband to murder him. Tho old man at first, was not indisposed to do so, as ho ac cused Davis of being a mawgooy or ghost, and as surely threatened to have killed him in accordance with their tribal customs. But Davis turned to anil gave tho old sav age such a merciless drubbing with his fists that he not only subdued his murderous intentions but induced him to forgive tlio death of bis pet dog, Tlio Gingiubarrali tribe, in which Davis was naturalised, had their usual place of habitation at a consid erable distance in tlio interior, and leaving them after some time ho passed several years m sojourning amongst various tribes until ho had reached as far as 500 milos to tlio northward of Moreton Bay. With all those savages he was treated as a blackfel low returned from tho dead, and although lie had learnt to become as one of themselves in t heir habits of everyday life, it was a matter of no small incon venience to him to find that fresh recog nitions awaited him with different tribes. 11c was Derhamboi in Wido Bay, but ho had to accept thu personality of somouno else when ho found another tribe, and occasionally bis inability to recognise friends who had been intimate wich him before his death gave rise to awkward misgivings among those individuals. But it sometimes happened that no indentilica tion took placet On such occasions Davis had an answer pat. It was, lie explained, so very long sinco ho died, tli.-it ho hail forgotten what his name had boon prior to flnir nt'mit. A ffvir lm )mr? hnnn vrwirs amongst tlio blacks, and had long givon up all thoughts of ovor returning to tlio society of civilised men, ho was found by Mr. Andrew Potrie, father of Mr. John Potrie, amongst tho GinginbniTah tribo again in 1812, and brought back to Bris bane. On tho loth of May of (hat year, Fctrio's party, who had been exploring for tho first time tho Mary lliver, camped ashore, with the view of asconding tho ? neighbouring hills on tlio following day. They then hoard of a largo gathering of hostile natives being in tho neighbourhood with Davis amongst them. After some mauieuvriug, another absconder, Wandi or Bracefell, who had also spent seven years amongst, uiu auorigmcs, wuu one ui the Moreton Bay blacks, managed unpor coivod to got, in tlio midst of the encamp ment, and two convicts in PoLrie's crow armed with guns wont forward with the viow of scouring Davis. So perilous was tlio adventuro considered that the convicts woro proparod for it on tho understanding that if successful, their condition should bo improved. Whon tho wild white man and tho tamo black stole iiuupon tho Bavages and hail fairly got among thorn, and tho being rocognisod, had boon rocoivod with out clubbing or spearing, thoir two whito attendants woro detoctod at a distance, and an instant move made to spoar thorn. But Wandi had by this timo communicated with Dorhamboi, and the two whito savagos provnilod on thoir black brothors to sparo tlio trembling convicts. Davis, however, under nssurancos of manumission, sot ofr running towards tho convicts, and surf rondorod himsolf to them, followod by Bracofoll. A similar sccno was then on, actod by tlio braco of absconders, who'., seemed alternately swayod by thoir original - training and thoir savago habits. Davis furiously accusod Bracofoll of having lod tho convicts to capture him with a viow to procuro a mitigation of his own sentence, lie would credit none of Waiuli's protest ations, till the latter, moved to rago, be came all blackfellow again, and passionately sang a war song at Dorhamboi. There upon Davis dashed off to tlio main body of whites. ' I shall novor,' wroto Mr. Potrio in his diary, ' forget his appoaranco whon ho arrivod in our camp — a whito man in a state of nudity, and actually a wild man of tho woods ; his eyes wild and un able to rest a moment on any ono object. Ho had quito the same mannor aiulgosturos that tho wildest blacks have got. Ho could not apeak his 'mithor's tongue,' as ho called it. Ho could not pronounce English for some timo, and when lie did attempt it all ho could say was a few words, and tlioso woro ofton misnpplio.l,- breaking off abruptly .in the miilillo of a sentence with the black gibberish, which ho spoko vory lluontly. During tho whole of our conversation his oyos and manner woro completely wild, looking at us as if ho had never seen a whito man before. In fact, ho told us ho hail forgotten all about tlio society of whito men, and had forgotten all about bis friends and rotations, for yoars past, and had I or someone olso not brought him from among tho savagos lib would never havo loft thorn.' Upon returning to Brisbane and receiv ing a pardon from tho Government, Davis first ontorod tho Borvico of Land Commis sioner Simpson at Woogaroo, and shortly afterwards joined Mr. Ealos's managor, Mr. .Toliffo, to tako up land in tho Wido Bay district. Ho was next engaged with a survey party opening tho road to Gympio, a task which took a considerable timo to accomplish. Then lio had chargo of a search party, to ascertain tlio truth of a report that a man named Thomson with.his wife and three other men, had fallen into tho hands of the blacks up north, tho moil murdered, and thu woman detained amongst the natives. Satisfying himsolf that the story was a false ono, lie returned to Brisbane and opened a farrier's shop at Kangaroo Point, marrying whilst thoro his first wifo who lived with him until her death about seven yoars ago. After boing in business sovoral years ho sold out, and, crossing tho river, opened a second farrior's shop in Goorgo-street, which ho kept until 1864\. Ho then gnvo up tho smithy, and for ovor twenty years until his final retire ment from business, doalt in crockorywaro on tlio promisos adjoining tho Ipswich boarding houso. Whilst rosiding in Bris bane lio was also engagod as oboriginal interprotor in tho Supromo Court, travel ing about tlio colony wherever a nativo unablo to speak English was placed on his trial. His second wifo was a person named Bridget Hayes. Whon first takon from tho blacks, lie had no hesitancy in rolating his experiences amongst them, but of later years ho bocamo habitually reticent, and on raro occasions, whon willing to rofor to his first adventures, at the first question lio would abruptly stop in a snappish matter, and broak off tho conversation ot onco. [Tho ilocoascd once visited Gympio sovoral years ago as an interpreter, and wo then heard that ho stated that in his wild days lie frequently roamed ovor this part of tho district. The locality known as the Durhamboy lagoons on tlio Maryborougli Gympio road is supposed to havo beon named aftor him. — G.T.] 