Jottings from St. Marys. LBY OUR OWN EEPEESENTATIVE. ] When over at St. Marys ou Wednesday we were informed that by the time these lines appeared the petition for the incorporation of the town, the number of signatures appended to which have been augmented, would have been sent in to the Gover nor, so that on the strength of this statement, it may be taken that tha important initial step has now been made. The candidates for municipal honors are beiug talked about, amongst the names of those mentioned as certain to be elected being Messrs. Lethbridge, Garner, Fleming and Sainabury. It is as well perhaps to point out that special care should be exercised in selecting the members to form the first Council, in order that a good foundation for the municipality, may be made and there is no doult the-future of the Council will depend largely on this one. Being anxious to. carry out the fair principle enunciated^ in the 'old Latin motto audi alteram, partem, or in other words lo listen to what is said on both sidos, and judge impartially, and hearing a meeting: was to.be called shortly in reference to the matter, we looked round at what we suppose will be generally conceded to be the tannery of St. Marys. We'had the pleasure of seeing our genial friend Mr. J. Farrell, who we were given to understand, op posed the scheme, or at least had not expressed him self as favorable to it, and it was considered that Mr. Farrell was not a man who when favorable to a project was likely to be backward in advocating it, judg'ng particularly from the prominent part he takes in matters political. By the way everyone knows his party leanings, but perhaps it is not so generally known that Mr. Farrell is -one of the oldest'Protectionists'in the colony. What is more' he is a Protectionist of nu essentially patriotic type. For whilst convinced that Free-trade is the ? policy most conducive to his own interests financi ally, yet believing nt the same time, that Protection is the more beneficial for the oountry at large, he foregoes his personal advantage, and remains a staunch supporter of Mr. Dibbs. Butreuenons a nos nunitons as was remarked to the French lawyer by .his client, who had lost some sheep, when he talked of everything but the matter in question. Most St. Marytans will probably have read Mr. Farrell's .letter,^ which appeared in the last issue of the Times, in which his attitude towards the incorporation is Stated at'length. In short it seems to amount to this, that whilst he fully appreciates the advantages accruing generally from incorporation, yet he thinks that in fairness to all, the matter ought to have been decided by public meeting, and Dot in what ho considers a hole-and-corner way by one or two. Then he is of opinion that, having regard to the comparatively small number of houses in the town, and the extent of the population, which he esti matesat about 260, which the roll shews, and there being a good deal of bush land included within the proposed boundaries, which would be financially un productive, that .sufficient money eould not be raised to pay even' the working expenses, such ns those entailed by the salaries of the Council Clerk, Inspector of Nuisances, the building or renting of Council Chambers, and so on. Itwill.be remem bered that two meetings were held some time Bince respecting the scheme, and its adoption was rejected by majorities in each case. Consequently Mr.: Farrell thinks that the present'step is of the nature of an attempt to fly in theface of.the public, who ought to have a voice in the matter, seeing they will have to pay the piper. There is no doubt spme force in this contention as regards a public matter of this kind and importance being dealt with publicly in its broad aspect, that is the main idea considered at a. public meeting. The meeting already, hinted at is to be held on Wednesday next at the Protestant Hall, and its object is stated to be to take into consideration whether St. Marys is ripe for incorporation or not. On'the,other hand, the promoters contend that : the,electoral roll is. no criterion as, to -the rateable population, as there are allotments which are not qualified or their owners for a Parliamentary vote, owing either it may be to insufficient length of tenure or their value being less than that required, but which would be rateable under'a municipality, including all these it is considered that there would be eligible for rateability something like 750, or three times the above stated number. Then it is pointed out that the first year's expenses of the Council of Penrith amounted to £80 inclusive, and amongst the principal advantages would be tiie se curing of good roads and a drain ape system, having a local body which could directly approach the Government by deputation on the introduction of the Member, and the town would be gcucrally im proved and beautified, which would have a tendency to bring a desirable class of people lo St. Marys, , Such has been, no doubt, the case with Penrith, for since the. incorporation of the town men of property and standing have settled in our midst. . Moreover, the fact 'of a town having a Mayor, and Aldermen :gives' it a standing which it does not otherwise possess, ; Tliei state of Penrith lo years ago, and its rate of progress prior to the charter being obtained, is compared with its present condition and more rapid improvement speed and the marked difference is'noted. We may alsoremind our readers, although, the fact is doubtless known to many, that the Government' gives pound per pound, for the first five yeais, in fact'during municipal infancy. ; That is to say, thatif the rates produce £500, the total income at the, commmd of the Council will be £1000. Then the roads at St. Marys now main-; tained by! Government,! or, at" any. rate the ,Grcat Western Road and the.railway approaches, would. still .be kept up by them, until of course the Coun cil wished to take tliera over, so that it would be only the minor streets about the town that would have to be paid for to he kept in order locally. The promoters feel confident ^hat someone could be found at 8t. Malrys who would give his partial ser vices as Council Clerk for £25 a year to start with, ? and'they propose .that this office be combined with .'thatlof Inspector of-Nuisances.:as ;has been done in someother instances of .newly??fledged municipali ties'. It would .be unnecessary and-certainly ex travagant to think of erecting .Council Chambers to commence with, but a room of meetirig. could be procurei for, the; purpose at £12 a year. As to legal aid. that is, advice on any particular point, this may b2 obtained on writing to the Municipal Association, toward.8 which the St. Marys Municipal Council would of course subscribe. , The promoters of the scheme state that they, have no wish what ever to hole-and-corner the matter, but have every desire for publicity, .and the only objection they have enterlained;to having the matter of incorpora tion decided b'y putilic meeting is that, on the two ' previous 'occasions when motions for the scheme ' weredefeated, many of those who voted were really riot' entitled to vote, as when the town is incorpora 1 ted they would not be qualified or would not ]je as sessed as ratepayers. It now remains to-' lie; seen; what Wednesday's meeting brings..forth, of, which, an-'independent report will duly iajjpear:: in these columns. We will only further add, in reference.to ?this subject, that we certainly think that those both for and against would do well to give each other, credit for good and honest intention. There seems little doubt that both Mr. Fleming,and his numer ous supporters only desire the good of the town and all in it, and the same statement equally applies to Mr. Farrell and his friends. Therefore there need ' be no feeling at all shown iii' the1 matter, but the subject should be cousidered in a thoroughly unim passioned, temperate, wise and amicable spirit. The movements of Government officials are pro-, verbially somewhat slow, although it is true, this h, riot always the case, and we are always glad to notify instances to7 the contrary ; but it really seems high time that a bridge which was damaged, Jand, in fact; almost washed away during the phe nomenal rainfall, now fully three months since--it occuvred 'in May last- should have been repaired before now. The particular-bridge we refer to is that approaching Parkes Platform, which still re mains just as the storm left it. People who have been driving ffiere have had to turn back and only recently Dr. Scott, in attempting to cross the bridge when earnestly summoned to see a patient, meE with an accident there. It is not much to the credit of the Roads Superintendent that this should have been left so long as it is, and it is to be hoped that the matter having now been called attention to, speedy steps will be taken for putting the bridge in a proper state of repair. At the meeting of the Mechanics' Institute last week, a paper was to have been read by Mr. E. A. Harris on .' The Single Tax," but this had to be postponed owing to that gentleman's absence from the district. The evening was consequently occu pied with other matters concerning the Institute, 1 on which discussion took place. 4 somewhat lm portant step was taken. On the proposition of Mr. tliaVlu e,?' ?ec°ntIcud by S.Ir- Fuming, ifc was decided that nil debates should in future be conducted on J arliamentary lines. Ihis is certaiulv an excellent move, and it will impart more life and give greater zest to the proceedings, as we have known to be the case elsewhere when this change is made, which may be compared in its results to the evolution of the erreahs into the butterfly. Mr. Palmer was chosen as first Premier, it being considered that lie would oe especially suitable for that high honor, he having been a member of other institutes wliere the discus" sions were carried out on these lines, and so possess ing an intimate acquaintance with the modus operandi or form_ of procedure usually employed, ilie lirst Ministerial debate is set down for the 26th in3t., when the Prime Minister will announce the names of those to whom he has distributed port folios in bis cabinet and declare bis policy. Then an Opposition parly will ba formed and elect their Leader. The Chairman, Mr. Harris, is to be the Speaker, and lie will, no iloubt, make a good and impartial President of the Assembly and arbiter be tween the two parties. There |is only one word of warning we would give to the members, which is to never allow, in the heat of political discussion, any personalities to enter, or permit party feeling to in terfere with personal friendliness. A want of at tention to these matters has been the rock on which several promising Parliamentary debating societies have been wrecked. Subsequently the question of the proposed banquet was considered, and it was definitely deeided to hold it in a fortnight's time, when it is hoped all the mem' cm will attend so as to make the affair a great success. Tenders for catering have been privately called for. Those who want other than soft drinks will have to find them themselves, and some amusement has been caused over this, as the gentlemen who are wont to indulge more potently say that if this is to be so, the tem perance members ought also to pay extra for their tea, coffee, &c.; This, of course, is only a joke, for although abstainers may not partake of alcoholic drinks, there is nothing tb prevent non-abstainers taking tea or coffee. It is cxpected that the Protestant Hallwillbe be sieged to-night, when the Institute give their grand variety entertainment there in aid of the building fund, and so those who wish to secure forward seats better be there in good time. The programme is certainly an excellent one and calculated to cause great fun. The first part is devoted to songs, and we.presume sandwiched patter, by the Twilight (Moonlight might have been more appropriate) Minstrels and terminates with tlio finale entitled "The Ghost." The second part is an Olio and the last consists of the noted trial scene from Dickens' Pickwick Papers " of Bardell v. Pickwick, whick is an entertainment in itself and the reading of the love letters and the representation of the trial generally will no doubt cause infinite amusement. .All we can say is, those who don't want to enjoy themselves had better stop away, as if they go they will be sure to do so.. The ladies, it is rumored, are goingin;strong force, and therefore tHe presence of a large number of gentlemen is assured, and as the moon is full next Monday, if to-night proTes fine, those who attend from a distance will be able to see their way home well. There is a tea meeting also to-night at Mt. Druitt, at which Mr. Lees is ex pected to be present. . The committee at Sydney who had the manage .meut,qf the affairs of the colony at the-Melbourne exhibition, seem to have taken their time sending back exhibits. . This lias at any rate been so in some instances for although the',, exhibition c!oijed in January last, Mr. Dryhurst, the esteemed school master at St. MaryB Public School, has only just had returned from the Sydney office the artistic work shewn by his second son Ernest. As is known New' South ' Wales 'bore the palm from all the other colonies amongst the schools and it is evident, from on inspection of these exhibits, which reflect very great credit on the artist, who is but 15 years of age, that they must have contributed not a little to the colony winning the gold medal awarded. A map of Victoria, with every name well printed and each county clearly colored, is particularly well executed, as well as a large illuminated card printed in church text on the subject of " The quality of Mercy," ap propriate quotations being given" from Shakspeare and Cowper. Both the black lettering and the illuminating beneath display a skill not often met with in one so yonDg and it' speaks-highly for the training he lias received from his father. Lovers of dancing, or those wishing to become more "faithful worshippers at the goddess'shrine, will be glad to know, if they have not already learnt the fact, that Miss Herbert goes over to St. Marys on Tuesday and haying obtained some 16 or 17 pupils, she opens a class there next week. , On Wednesday evening the St. Marys Oddfellows, after holding their fortnightly lodge at the Protes tant Fall, gave asocial, which proved a pronounced success, both."as regards the .enjoyment it afforded and financially. There were no less than 150 pre sent, the sexes being about equally divided. The majority, however, looked on, about 20 couples gracing the floor. The members of the Penrith lodge were also invited but only five or six attended, although more signified their intention of doing bo. There were, however, other attractions in Penrith that night, including meetings of the Buffaloes, the Reform Olub and the Bara Silver Mining 00.: Be fore the commencement .of the light fantastic there were some unaecompanied;sorigs contributed by the members of the lodge, after which the ladies sat down to an excellent repast and then the gentle men followed suit. Dancing.' was-kept up until long past midnight, when the guests who remained made, their way home in the bright moonlight. ; No further action appears- to have liecn; taken at present as to the curious cart-wheel..incident re lated the week before last. The wheelless dray re mains-where it was left, the wood being .piled hard by as shot out. By the bye this latter is'somewhat in the road where it is deposited and it is advisable the owner should remove it to where it may not tend to cause obstruction. Some allusion was made a few weeks'since to" the,number, of tanneries in St. Marys and the hands employed. The information given us, by one of the principal, tanners as to the latter was no doubt overestimated, for we find on' fnfther inquiry that there; are about 60 men em ployed in tanning, of whom there i are 32 at Mr. ? FarreH'8 tannery, but then Mr.. Carbery also has a number engaged in the further development of leather or in making boots and shoes. The great race,- about which there has been; so much talk about during the past week, comes off this afternoon between Mr. H, Stanfield's brown mare Qiicensborough and Mr. Burns' black mare Rtrigfiove, for £25 abide and there seems a good bit of money on the event, about' £80 it;is believed. The^backers, in St Marys of both mares appear to be confident, of success, although those fancying Queensborough seem now iii'thc majority; the bett ing being-even, 'and there is no doubt the horse that rbeaUher will boa gobd goer.. ; 