A. Riickhamler For IJoaliui^cr. The Duo d'A.umale's rsturn is a victory for tho Academy, which the Minister for ForMff'i AfTiirs winls ti enter, and ok' M R^imch. thn ficrhtinrr editor of /.-/ 'R'-i-ithIi-/ff! Wruncrthfi- I ii--?- flu! word ' fi.j'itm:,'' for polemical. M. Spullnr, the V. O. ^Tini- stor, would Iimvp for his lifernrv K-i-zsaSoa vnlum' nf iinnroloijieal artieles — all pxcllent as to matter a'id well-knit and soli'l a=s to mannr-r. 11 ;« speciality on the R-'piihh'i/ito Wr'nieni.** w.i«s, ntvi is, posl-obi! reviews nf the careers of prrwnin'M'it., eminent, ami nreat men of our time. Having a retentive mem-iry he kneps, without, takinsj notps, records of thn doings of tho n'en of his time which, dire.etly he learns of any of thes personnels having given up the ghost, he transmits into two or three column articles. Tf a d^ath of a public man, or roan well known to the public take* pliee. when ho is oat, of town, ho rush «s back to celebrate Ihrf dwei^O'I's virtues in print,. Xothin' annoys him mow l.lnn to find thnt in his absence pomiibolv has poaclmi on his joiimnlistic prnsorvps. Hn rolat-pd the life of the late M. Cuvillicv 'Flnnrv, once Jirivato secretary of L)iii.s Honapai'ti1, th'tn tutor op the Due d'Anmalp, nti'l for T forgot how many deeades variett'-i writer for the Dnh'tts. Cuvillier Floury exproRsnd the degree of Republicanism which the Due d'Amnle was sincoroly readv to conform to. T remfimbrjr Gamhetta p.'illing my nfctnntion 1.0 an article of his in thn D.'lri's aaiint tho Ducnl party, and thoir vain hopes of a Monarchical rnstoralion, which, hn said, was tho joint work of tho ex -tutor and his old pupil. T da'O say ho talked in tho same sense to Spuller about it and that: what ho Raid was remembered to the advantaio of the exiled Piinco. There is no bettor person than ths Foreign ]Vlini*tnr, the solidity of whoso character compels tho esteem of foes no lesi than friends ; bnt you fuel uncomforta'fila when ho fixes his eve upon you, because thn idea crops up that, pnrlnps, hn notices in your face some precursor of doath, and in conscientiously jroinc; over in- his mine] what, ho will publish about you when you drop into the grave. Nut that he will any anything unkind, for bo's rnaly a good follow. But none of us like anything smacking of tho )w.n-»ilo moi'i, although it/a ai natural to dio as ti bo born. SpuHur loft Paris, wlmn ife was iv-»oii.'cl, in the same balloon as Oambotta. Dutodlly onougli, it has never occurred to any nno that hn ran the s-nallast ri-kin doing so, whereas l^rnncn was trans porirt 1 at the. bravery shown by his illustrious friend, who,' by, 'thobve, was scireely known to fame until hn undertook the neriil voyairp. ft'w the' way of tho world, T. (in-l; to me.b- out nriiso and blames unorpully. Thus, rriimhf-lti cr-tus down to posterity a'- a horo for dnino; no more than t'rnnn 'arisutningy puller. Thbprotty Mar.q'nr.«o X. can Hot herself up with a ibij'Hi man'sioh, oarrinorpsj salflle-horsRsi, and bixoB atOpera FTouso atvl Frineai', on the '''foTucc of the pictures sh'o pai'tts, although hIio could novnr got ,'thnin admit'fbd ' to thn Salon, and dealers .ignbrn them. Hor huiband has only a' trifling' income,, i\nd sho had no dowry.'Oh'tho nth'or hand t'io charming ,'A'fa'lamn Z:, who is by no mnani bol'deypd' or intriguing, finds herHelf '.cut dead ,bpciiise. she hat bson con victed of- making a single 'HRchpidn from tho conjugal mansion with a sculptor'. ?'????' To come back to tiieDnfld'An;nale : .one of. tho roriHons why, tho.tleeroo.pf exile against hini has boon'' revoked is! tho hope of playing' him1 6fE:! against BoulaBger ou one side and against Clemonceau on tb.6 other. T io foliticians who havo been for the last ton ye ira filling thoir picket at the c ist of the country, and patronising art in the boudoirs of sylphidos of the Opera-houses and pretty iictresjos, find tliu:iisolve3 high and dry. It is not ploasant for them to have t? retire to private life. Tiiey now want to take a frodh tloparture as somi-Orleanist-i, and should it leal them to electoral success, to form an olijjarchal syndicate whereby to carry on tho Government. Soino of them, as regards reputa tion, stand in need of a babU of cm do Cologne. They think, that by having the D ic d'Aumalo in thoir hanl thoy would cciso to be thovighfc fishy. On the whole,' this Cabinet is a respectable one. 'Chore is no harder worker than Tve.s Cruyot, the jSrinidter of Public Works, upon whom I havo had ray eyo for years. He is as clever :n ho is reliable, mid he has the virtin3 which frugal habits and diligence in business originato and keep up. I havo told you what I think of Spuller. But there are two Ministers who stand in fearful neod of. the eau do Cologne baths. They naturally want to plungeintoOrleanism As to playing off the Duo d'Aumalo against General F5 whinger, my feelinsr is that it is to * lite. It is expected that tho Duo will order a boycott of the Gcnor.il. And whit if lm does? All the Dakoa an I Duchossos know that !ie was really angry at the Comte du Paris having Buuutione-l the rush made by his foil nvcrs Biulangor*vards. Nothing has come of his annoyance thoreat, which, nevertheless was plainly and publicly expressed. Tf tho Duo d'Aumale wo^e tlio ago of the General, hn might be pit tod, against him with every chance of victory. V-'ib ho is sixty-eight, vory gouty, dislikes frivolous moths and butterflies, has lost relish for vain glory and for the incense of what is called Society, lie novnr particularly cared for Society ladies. If ho tried he might draw from Boulanger a few of tho D.ichossos and Marquises who r.ow wear carnations in their corsages. But he won't try. And as for IJVonch party politics, they are so entirely a mattsr of Ina^ns and fishes that: he could lind no interest in them. What he wants to do is to so arr.inqe Chautilly that when he dios it will kepp his name from falling into i oblivion. Ho has also to arrange bis papers with a view to posthumous publication. The vears that ho may reasonably hope to live will bo too few to sjet through these sol f-im nosed tasks. It was tho .M.arquis do Breteni! who advisod General Boulanrre.' to null on tho Prince of Wales. Tho Princo has not returned 'the attention by asking the Gnnornl to lunch. M. do Bretnuil is ijranilson of Ac'iille Eould. He professes to be a Comte-de-Parisite. [[is one great principle, is to keep his eve on the main-chance. ILi is very rich, and a man of some ab'lity. But in these de^eivrato days tho position of wealth engenders greed for much mure. — Truth. ? * 