THS ^HBBE^SG&EB; SPSOT. ? ''.'' The aberration of intellect under which we aro willing charitably to assume tho Daily Telegraph to have been labouring to a large extent during tho late contest came to its height in a specially mad article in last Saturday's issue entitled 'The Triple Com pact.' Ifc is so, unfortunately, with some peculiarly constituted people during periods or great or unusual exciiomontj they Jose their temper, their nerve, thoir mental balance, finally their heads or their senses altogether, and in nine cases out of ten the direction which .their frantic and fearful but. quite groundless apprehen sions take is — plots. This is a com* mou enough experience in every day liHe* wbfere there ai-e tilwnys people on the slight est fancied provocation conjuring up ccm~ spiracies against their peace of mind, body, or estate of no sounder consistence than any other aick man's dreftina. fiction, too, is full, aa full as the lunatic aoylumo, of such poor creatures, whose ' appz'ehensiona eoriie in crov/doj' elmkon, liko Words worths 'Margaret/'1 by the feiy ahv.dow o-: the clouds as they pass, without her excuse, oi1 any but their own feeble intelligence* II; ia only necessary to suppose an intelligence of fch&t; order conducting a newspaper during a great public crisis to account on the part o'i the Daily Telegraph for ? very similar symptoms. The ' note' or that paper dur ing the late hot contest has been terror ; wild) unreasoning terror, seeing danger everywhere, robbers in every bush, treasons and stratagems on all sides, in abort, as we said, seeing, as a drunken man sees snaked, plots. It is contemptible of course, cowardice always is ; Dut; it people are so constituted as to be always fancying hobgoblins in the dark, ghosts round every corner, or the devil himself whenever there is a noise, you dertainly will not cure them by tolling them that it | is all eimply tbo creation or their own disordered brains, or even by striking a light and showing them that there is nothing there. We do not know that this is quite the TJiLEGEArii's case^ but at any rate it in a more charitable explanation of that paper's present apprehensions than to suppose that it de liberately invented this latest plot which it dignifies with the title of 'The Triple Com pact,' but which we think had much better go down to history as the Three-legged Plot, as about the silliest, clumsiest thing in plots with which a fool in a I'right ever worried his poor wits and annoyed his innocent neigh bours. Of course, if it is not that, it is something very much worse. If it is not the outcome of a weak mind, terrified or excited almost to frenzy, it can only be of the wickedest; malignity. ]?or in the first place it is all absolutely false. It is impossible for any quite sane or sober man to believe — 'and this is what the paper's precious 'compact,' otherwise plot, amounts to — 'that of the Protection party, all but half the House, just returned to Parliament two-thirds are rank impoaters — -that they are not really Protectionists but Freetraders pledged to betray their political conscience for the con sideration in the one case of exemption from a Land Tax and in the other of the ' de struction of the education system.' The squatting vote is said to have been secured, ' -bought' is the word, by the one promise, and the sectarian (meaning the Catholic) vote, by , the. other, while the third party to the,' .compact,' the Protectionists pure and simple, of course take out their share of the ..' little arrangement' in the support of their fiscal policy by a large number of hon. gentlemen who do not believe in it, and many of whom, according to the discoverer of this remarkable thing in plots, it will heavily injure. When Titus Oates discovered his plot he invented his facts wholesale and B^ore to. them bodily. Perhaps the Tele - CH^ipn's inventive genius, though lying in the same direction, is more limited, for it contents itself with basing its plot, involving aa'it does an amount of political perfidy, and ' according to its own showing idiotey, almost unheard of, on a series of assumptions as absolutely without proof or even probability as if we were to assume that the Telegraph in this matter ' may be' an honest witness, ana ' pernaps oeneves in its own conteinp* tible concoction. Thia is the ingenious way in which it gets up its charge of conspiracy and proves to its own ? satisfaction that ' perhaps'- is as good as a certainty, and that what ' may be' necessarily is. 'The squatter has no love for the principle of protection, which would afc once raise his cost of production and interfere -with bis means of ship ment. But he waives this to ensure the immunity from land taxation promised him by Mr. Dibbs and Mr. Lyne,33 who as a matter of fact have promised him nothing of the kind. But that is a trifle. The lie direct io easily disposed of, but it is when we come to the purely hypothetical part of the business — the infinite series of ' ifs and ans,' ' peradventures,' and ' per bapses' — that the full ingenuity of this latest and best of plot^manufacturera is made manifest, and one wonders what the Times would give juot now for tho services of so skilful an fexpert. ' The protectionist is perhaps as strongly a,t taohed to the national system of education as the freetrader, lint he is willing to surrender this since he;has persuaded himself that lie can never hope to 'win m the struggle without the sectarian help so good-naturedly proffered.' And again, with yet another ' perhaps' fortified with a 'might,' ' The sectarian is perhaps a freetrader on prin ciple, and .'might prefer to raise reyenue by aland tax rather than by taxing the necessaries of life, but he believes that his only Bope of ' destroying the .educational; system of the. country, which is inculcated upon hjini as his highest political. , duty, dejpends on an 'aiiiance'Vit&'prdjbeciipmstsand. squatters, and he is ready topaythopricoof their assistance,' Well, if it could only manage to recast amongst the many other things, the intelli gence, or the nervous syotem, or the moral sense, or the inventive or the imaginative faculty, or whatever it may be that is perpetually impelling the Telegraph to j make sensational diecoverioa in the political field, from frightful conspiracies to ' coming men,' it would be a considerable relief to the community, quite satiated with such mi'' prices, which idbev all never surprise hy coming off, and, we should fancy, to that journal itself, as uneomforfcabio, ons would think, amongst all its mp.ny yet unesploded plots and conspiracies as the Czar of Eussia himself. Let it sit down on thia last one, the three-legged one, and give ua and itself a rest. 