L E C 'r TU BE. TnE room of the Toung Mon's Christian Assoeiation was well filled last Toeday oveiong by n attentive odience to listen to a lecture on Modern Iesearlch a Witnrss to Dible Tluth, by the ltev. A. T. Puddi. combo B.D. The lev. Canons Sorcs and D'Arcy irvine were present, and a letter was read fromn the lB.C. ,. J, Webb expressing his regret at being en oble to attend. Tho leeturer commeuced by annswering the queos tiou--las modern research positively proved any statmnoot of tho Bilble to be incorrect ?-by reading a remarkable manifesto signed by 600 scientific men, muoy of them (such.as Sio ' David Bromwter) of bigh note, in which they stato their belief that it is "im posiblle for thie word of God as written in tile bookr of Nature and the word of God ano writton in holy ecripture to colotradeict one another, however mrch they may appear to do so," and their confidence " that a time w vill come when the two records wrill hbe seen to agreeo in every partieulsr." Having expressed a aope tLLat tiffs answer would prove as satisfcntory to othera as to himself, the lecturer proceeded to sllow in how many nld various ways modern re. search had rerved to corroborate the etatilements of holy writ. Ie first reviewed thie coucluaions of biologists and plhysiolegists as to tie origin of matter and of life, cod while acccepting to a great cxtert their theory of evolution, ihopoinied out their ad. mission thalrt " miud " must htave eisted before "matter," ande their inability to account for or explin theo origin of "life " in matter by any scion. titic means, nrd forcibly shorwed that thIe very sone thin!U cvtich scientific men say must be, ibut which is beyonyd the power of Fsciontific agoecy to trace, is ro vcled to us in tihe Bible-the great (eternal Mind, in whom is life-ithe creator and upholder of all things. The lecturer then passed on to tie MNosaio account of creatiou, ond having pointed out (as clearly demonrtlated by Dr. Samuel Keovins inr hris Moses and Geology) that no lest tIrru fifteen cren tive events are menrtioned by Moses in the pre cise order ir whrich science tell us tIhey must have rccorred, nund tlhat fiblern different ovuts cen be arraniged in nio less than t1,307,074,368,000 different orer rs--so that tie twelvo hundred mlillion inhabitants of the wold might each guess at the order a tlhoueand times and fail to guess aright,--ho anskrd the question, eHow was IMosee, when geology was uinknown, enabled to give tllese fifteen events in itheir correct order, when there were more than a billion clhances against Iis doing so ? ond replied by the Scriptural rexplanation thart "holy men of old spaeo as tlrhey were moved by tie Ho!y Ghost"--tho eternal, creative Mind revealred to them tie truth, so that wlMses was 3000 years and more before thie ago instead of 3000 1years behind it. The lecturer then Iavirng toucnhed upon the studies of comlrprantive anatomy, philology, and thunoll?gy as throwing igiht urton the statements of thie Bible regarding the origin anrd history of man and langnage as both springing fron a comemon ouree, tiro differernce of races, dial:cts &c.;, &c.;, called in thie arerhmlogiets to testify to thie IItruth of Bible history from the days of Noah to tile exodus of thie Israelites from Egypt, as shown in their numerous dicoveries of stamped bricks, engraved roctks, slale, moumienets, rock-tombe, snrciphtngi, mrummy-cases, papyri, &c.;, &o.;, ir Chaldee, and Egypt, and tPalestire. HIo specially inrstanced i" the bricks of Urnkh," n city over which Nirurod reigned, bthe wells of Abrahamn, lSeae, and Abimeleeh at Beoelsherba; and thenr illstrlated very fully and verified very completely the history of Josepph, Moses, and Prharaoh, and of the oppression and exodus of thie Isralites from Egypt, by refor oncee to thie discoveries of Lepsics nd the laborn of the Egypltian arrcheologictl nrd exploration society; rard trheecords found on monuments, paipyri, rock tombs, and mummy-eases were quoteod to exhhibit thie exact trothl of this portion of thie hiblieal narrafive. At this point tht lecturer thought it werll to stop, to enforce what he htad said by a few ptnetical remarks as to tiro reverence and attertion due to tile hioly eripitues and the spirit in which tthey should be studied, and to reply to aniy qiuesrtionr whlielr rigiht be put to him. The questions however were but fewn and unimportant. A vote of thanks wase accorded to Mr. Puddicombo, who promised to deal with the rest of tihe Bible in another lecture at some future time. 