UNSffiATMEi. 1 CHAPTER VI. With the beginning of October Joyce returns to her home promising however, ' that if possible, she will return for Christ mas. and the only visitor at Meadow- croft is Ellerton Knollys. He is there almost continuallly the state of Roderick's health necessitates constant visits, and with every visit his influence over Rodei- ick grows stonger — an influence used always against Adiel. It was of little use now for her to try to rouse some love in her husband s heart — any effort of that sort must be vain and foolish whiie Ellerton Knollys is always beside him. But she never re laxes her efforts to win some affection from him, and if it is only a kindly word it sends her away for the time almost happy. " Roderick/' she says, one day in the middle of December, " I should like to ask Anthony Frith here for Christmas I fancy that he may perhaps propose to Joyce. I believe that they were very fond of each other in the old days." " Please yourself," he says, wearily. And so she writes to the clergyman, asking him to come. Of course he ac cepts the invite. He is not strong enough to refuse and so the week before Christ mas he and Joyce meet once more. " We shall have but a very quiet time I fear," Adielsays, as she welcomes Joyce ; ",but Anthony Frith is coming, and I daresay we' shall be comfortable enough. Roderick's health will not allow of any gaiety." When Joyce sees her host she starts in positive alarm, and he, noting che ges ture, smiles a little. "You are thinking that I look like the ghost of Banquo, or some other equally uncomfortalbe character. This weather tries me rather, but I shall be all right when the spring comes, I trust." " I hope so," but Joyce thinks to her self that when spring comes in all pro bability Roderick will be with the dead. When Adiel takes her to the nursery and together they bend over the little cot where the child is sleeping, her first thought is that when the May blossoms come again the little one will be father less, and she scarcely hears what Adiel is saying until she rouses herself with a start to listen. " Roderick is so terribly disappointed because she was not a boy. He had wished so earnestly for a son." "Heoughtto.be very fond of this mite, she is so pretty." " I think so," Adiel says, tenderly, and stooping, she kisses the little face. The days pass quietly but pleasantly. Anthony has come and is very welcome. Roderick seems better than he has done for many weeks, and Ellerton Knollys is at his best. Christmas Day goes. The following week — a week of sharp frost and plenty of skating — is drawing to an end when one afternoon at dusk they return from a viit to a neighbouring lake where they have spent the afternoon on their skates. As they near the house, Adiel draws close .to Joyce and touches her arm. " Do you know that I have such a cur ious feeling upon me ? It is as though some one had laid an icy hand upon my heart, chilling the blood in all my veins See how I tremble." And she holds out one shaking hand. " You have caught a chill," Joyce says. " Let us hurry a litte more," and they quicken their steps. At the hall door she looks at Adiel, and is startled at the pallor of her face. " My dear, what is the matter with you ? I hope you are not going to be ill ?" " Nonsence ; I am all right. As they open the door, Roderick comes, hurriedly towards them, and one look at his face is sufficent to assure Adiel that something is wrong. There is an un wonted tenderness in his manner, too, and Adiel catches at Joyce's arm for support. " My dear, I am most sorry tell you that little Adiel is verry ill." She waits to hear no more. With a sound, which is neither a groan nor a cry, she has sped up the wide staircase into the pretty chamber where her baby lies, Ellerton Knollys following almost as quickly. One look at the little convulsed face, as it is pillowed upon the nurse's bosom, and then Adiel has caught it to her own heart, and is looking at Knollys with a world of auguish in her wide brown eyes. " Save her !" she gasps. " Oh ! save her. She is all I have to live for." "Mrs. Kendall, you may be sure that I will do my best." And then very skilfully, very tenderly, he administers to the dying child. The slow hours drag on ; slow by reason of their suspence, and yet bearing the little life away with such terrible swiftness. The strained look upon the mother's face grows yet more terribly rigid and un natural. There is a strange hush upon the house, as though the presence of the angel of death were felt' by all its inmates. In; this hour of dispair. when- every thing is forgotten but the fact that her child is dying, she turns to Ellerton Knollys as to a ministering power of help and goodness, and he— mindful of his own ends always — tends the poor suffer ing little mite with a patience and tender ness which do more to give him a place in Adiel's heart than anything else could i do. But with the first d ill streaks of grey in the eastern sky he lays the baby form upon the bed and closes the e> es which would have been so like Adiel's. Then, taking the mother's clay cold hand in his, he says, very gently — "Dear Mrs. Kendall, it is all over. Your little one is at rest." She looks at him for a moment, as though his words convey, no meaning to her-- a vacant look which is dreadful to to see. Then, as the truth conveys itself to her mind, a terrible agony creeps into her lovely eyes — a despair so great that even he cannot bear to gaze upon it. She draws her hand from his, and turns towards the bed — " Leave me alone with her, please ! She was all that I had, and she is gone !" | No passionate outcry, no wail of pain could be more sad to hear than these few words. It is as though the woman's heart is broken, and she has no strength left to cry out upon her fate, She has lav- ished all the great wealth of her love upon this frail life — has trusted all her treasure : to one vsssel, and, behold ! the little boat has drifted down to the great Ocean of Death, and she is left standing upon the shore, desolate and alone. Her husband comes to the door and and attempts to offer some consolation, and she listens as one who has no share or interest in what is said. When he stoops to Iriss the waxen brow, she starts forward as though shewould prevent him touching the child; but, remembering all, shrinks back again and is silent. Then, when once more she is left alone, she kneels beside, the bed, and without moving, stays there until the day is well advanced, uninterrupted by any, for Joyce is wiser than the others, arid she has said — "Leave her alone. It is best so." When at length she rises her face is white as the pillows, and the brown eyes look out pitifully from dark hollows. It is as though years of suffering had passed over her since the previous day. One would not be surprised to see that the rich hair has gone white as snow. Joyce takes her in a close and loving embrace, murmuring tender words, and kissing the tired, tearless eyes. She is tractable as a child. When they beg her to eat, she tries to do so; but the look with which she pushes away the untasted tood is so pititul, that Joyce is fain to look an other way because of her own tears. It is to Ellerton Knollys, that she turns in her anguish. " You did your best to save my darling, You have been very good to me." And when Anthony would offer his sympathy, she listens almost impatiently. Only oyce in the days which follow does she break down, and that is when they carry the tiny coffin from the upper room and place it in the hall. She clings to Joyce then with terrible sobs shaking her from head to foot. My heart is broken ! Oh ! let me die too." What comfort can they give ? Words are so horribly useless, the commonplaces of consolation are only a mockery. . Of what avail to tell this anguished, bereft creature that some day she will clasp her child to her bosom again in that land where there shall be no more sickness, neither any death — to bid her look for ward to that so distant, so incomprehen sible reunion ? It is enough for her that the little grave is already dug, the clods ready to sho\yer down upon the coffin- enough. Heaven pity all who have lost those dearer to them than life itself ! Anthony Frith goes back to his parish, Joyce returns to her home, and life at Meadowcroft is very dull and quiet. The shadow of those heavy wings has not yet passed away from the house ; nay, to more than one or two it seems that Death is only waiting to take his next victim — waiting patiently. And now, in these latter days of Roder ick Kendall's life, it is to his wife that he looks for help, comfort, and attendance ; and Adiel affords them right willingly. No one could be more tender or more patient, and as her husband grows more and more unreasonable and exacting, so her tenderness seems to increase. (To be Continued.) 