THE TRAVELLER. THE WANDERINGS OF A GLOBE TROTTER, A versatilo mm is Mr. Lewis Wingfield, and his roputation will bo incrcaned by his two volumes of a traveller's tales in tho Far East, publishod under tho abovo titlo by Meters. Bentley & Son. He saw many lands and made ncquaLntancc with Htrnngo persons, keeping his eyos well open to tlio outside ap pearances of men and things. Ho docs not pbilosopbiso about institutions or rationalize about religions or moralise about men and women ; so much tho better for bis many readers. Ho gives thorn plenty of incidents vividly told, Homo of them amusing and othora horrifying. To illustrate tho one theory which ho has ventured, that Mongolians have less eensitivo nerves than Europeans, ho des cribes a judicial process which ho witnessed in a Chinese court. The object of iho judges was to ortract from tho prisoner a confession of guilt: * Hour after hour paosed; the man showed no sign of suffering oxccpt quivering xnusolcfl, strained beyond control, and a movement of the tongue about bis dry Hps. His voice nevor faltered or grew weak. Ho answered steadily and loudly, casting a furtive hunted look out of the corners of bis eyes at the gibing bystanders, making no oomplaint. And yet that man was enduring torture un der wbioh you and I would have oompletely succumbed IQJIIT «nco. Stripped, on the bar© stones he kneeled, his back turned to the light, bin arras, stretched straight, wore lashed with O'jrd* to n beam Of convenient height. At tbe back of tho knees, between thighs and calves, was a stout pole poised, with agonising elfeot on tho sinews. Jtoth ends of the pole were off the ground, and at each end was a warder ready to joggle it with his foot if the culprit was tardy or reoalcitrant. If he proved mulish, the ends were to be pressed simul taneously with tho result of breaking the legs. Diabolically ingenious, if bland and ohildlike Chinee !' Hospital practice is abort, sharp, and de cisive: . A tooth vrae out, an a abscoss waslancod, in a trioa. Graver eases were diagnosed and sent to bed in an adjoining ward. Chop ohop--quick, quiok! A basis-sponges bandages! It was all so swiftly done that the bewildered patients were speechless. No cblurofortn is wed. It seemed unnecessary, and again I was farood to remark, as I had done already at Canton, how comparatively utiwnbitiro to pain is th* Celestial.9 In & remote comer of Shanghai Mr. Wing field's attention was attraoted by a queer timber cage, six foot high, * from the apex of which emerged a shiny ball, not unlike the head of a man 4 This was worth investigating; for pass ing children, as well as adults, paused for an instant to look, and then, unconcerned, moved on. The head of a man it wad, with a high light cast by the sun on its polished 1 surfaoe, passed through a pillory hole, its oyes closed, its chocks fallen in, its chin rest ing on a boa*d, its toes just touching the ground. The man was evidently alive, though near his end; for now and again he faintly sighed* Fattened on the machine were two cross-strips of mandarin paper, whereon it was intimated that he or she who waB misguided enough to give a scrap of chow-chow, solid or liquid, to the sentenced one, would be served in like gruesome fashion. The Oriental idea of revenge U well illus trated in the following story: * Slowly riding along one day to take in details, mv host and I came upon 6 soene which could oocur in no other land. Two men were quarrelling, with bloodshot eyes, face close to face; protruded lips wore hiss ing forth scathing words. One, goaded to uncontrollable madness, leaped on h parapet, and, deliberately flinging himself over into a dry watercpurso, was pioked up crushed and lifeless. Thus was he revenged for ever on his adversary for, since he had died because of him, his ghost would haunt the living in thta world, and pursuo him dead into the next.' Mr. Wingfield's opinion of tho Japanese ladies (whioh might have mode him disliked in Japanese society if ho had expressed it before he left for England) loads him to a theory of Japanese art which wo give far what it is worth. 'I am oompoHod modestly and decorously to remark that the upper portion of tho female f onn in the Land of the Rising Suh is too long for the lower appendages. May I be per mitted to murmur that the legs are too short for the body P The genius who invented the delightful ldmono wasoraftily aware of this as of the tendenoy of ladies to willu nr. Ho -it must have been a ho- accordingly ar. ranged a flo wingdraperv, with flowing sloevea and doliboratoly placed the sash under the armpits, thereby defying uncultured mate scrutiny as to oorreotly-dispoeed proportions.' The Japanese con-riot is not punished by stripes but by appeals to his monl sense: 'The Japanese oonvict is more sensitive than his English brother. For a srhall pec cadillo he is held up to tho obloquy of his fellows by having bis name posted ona beard intheexeroising ground-a form of disgrace which would not much affect, I fear, a British oonviot. For a serious offence he is incarcerated in tbeblaoi hole-a besutifully finished hut of swoet-smolling wood without windows--but there is a handle within, com municating with a bell, which ho is allowed to ring when he thinks he can't boar it any more.' This being so, we may suppose that malingering (is not so common a vice among Japunese prisoners as it is with us. One of the most striking passages in these volumes is tho account of the hot- water euro practised at Kusatsu-a very drastic remedy, horrible, but (we are told) efficient. It ap pears that tho patients get used to boing boiled alive. 