As We Stand. A fortnight has elapsed -since thirty six compositors left the offices of the Telegraph Newspaper Company. There had not heen any internal quarrel or mis understanding : no friction hetween masters and men ; no question had heen raised of ?wages or ?workfiig hours; union ism Ois non-unionism in the office had not beeH'inentioned ; there was no tangible cause-whatever for the men's voluntary voluntarily the orders they obeyed were not ours. Whatever the obligation was it was so strong that they refused to speak on the subject to their employers. They were the victims of a hallucination which, had heen allowed too readily to take possession cf the minds of those who issue orders to them. Their guides and bosses are now the victims of a similar hallucination. The directors of these movements seem to like the task of raising ghosts. At the Trades and Labour Council on Tuesday night, Mr. Hinchcliffe assured the mem bers of that council that ' tho executive of the Q.T.A. had been supplied with definite information that the master printers of Brisbane were in league with the master printers of Sydney, and if the men were defeated here, tho same struggle would commence in the south.' In spite of the ' definite infor mation,' this statement is utterly and absolutely without foundation. No proposal for such a league has eman ated from either side. The Q.T.A. executive are enormously gifted with imagination. Nevertheless, their sus picion is so suggestive that it will probably not be lost sight of. The thing which is honest in men cannot be dis honest in masters. Is it not the boast of the Q.T.A. that they are affiliated with the Australasian f.A. ? Out of the fertile imagination of these ingenious gentlemen the sham cause of this proud exhibition of strength arose. The strike was simply the braggardism of men who be lieved themselves omnipotent in their own sphere. As time has progressed the tactics of the assailants have been de veloped. Now, they are cruelly used. The masters are called tyrantsf or nottaking back, unconditionally, all the men who left them without provocation and with out reason. The Telegraph Newspaper Company is the special object of malig nant persecution. All the trades-unions have been called on to boycott it ; not so only ;' an active series of cowardly opera tions are going on to arrest its sale, — operations which will expose the operators to severe punishment if they fail to avoid detection. No tactics of revenge, no measures of injury are too unscrupul ous for these agents of strife. 'Wherefore ? B ecause after being shamefully deserted by men whom we had employed for years we were able to avert the intended catastrophe. The issue of the paper has not been suspended for a single day. The manifestation of public sympathy in the form of advertisements and in other ways has been most encouraging to us, and exasperating to the agentsof strifeandruin. After failing to injure us by suspending the issue of the paper they are doing their utmost to inflijt injury in other ways. They waylay our workmen, and by cajolery, threats, bribery, and intimi dation try to induce them to act the part of poltroons. They are unscrupulously trying to punish us for their own folly. They left us, tried to victimise us, now they whimper because we have treated them so pruelly. Oh ! the sham and Bhame of it all ! After being subjected to their tyranny we are held up to exe crauon as xne pruei Tyrants. ix is very funny, albeit it has a serious side. Our men -'.. left , of their own ac cord. 'We gave them ample oppor tunity of applying for re-admission. Only three returned ; they are now at work. The rest have refused to return ; but they blame us, and take revenge on us for their own obstinacy. Even somo of our former hands are canvassing for support to anew paper.- 'What regard- can -they have for our interests ? What sort of sentiment do they cherish? They have done all the wrong that has been done. We have only acted on the defensive in obedience to an. instinct of selfpreserva tion. But in the eyes of the members of tho , Queensland Typographical Associa tion these measures of self protection are a criminal affront to their union. What right have employers to protect them selves against the direct attacks, and the deBtructivemancauvres of trades-unionists! And all the while one union after another express its cordial approval of such conduct. The maxim seemB to be : ' Buin capitalists, who may not please you, by any means, fair or foul; if they protect themselves, denounce them as tyrants and oppressors.' Imperiously our men were token out ; imperiously we are ordered to take them all back. No choice is allowed us. We are commanded under pains and penalties. This is just1 ?where we are now. 'We ore first deserted, then wo are cursed for getting somebody to supply the places of the deserters. 