'novelist. Tie Midnight Prophecy ? i * ? ? ? .. . 1 i :. or. the i . HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. ? Ity Emmu G-trrixo-i; Jones. ... ' ' I - ! CIIAI'TERj LVJI; — (Costixubd.) 'Now,- seo ihcrej wliat's j'tlie use of : sticking it out ? You can't help yourself. -? You are wholly* at my juercy. I've told the people here' — with a briltal laugh — , 'that you are crazy, nn escapcd lunatic, and if -you batterj the windows down ' they'll only think you crazier, don't you Bee. You can't catsipe. Come now, let's n go and get married peacefully, and be .J. ...good 'friend* all tlie rnst of oiirdays.' ' - lie arose and made an attempt to take . her hand, but ishe repelled him with a gesture. ? ! ' Lord, Strathspey,' her young voice ringing like a trumpet, ' I shall never be your wife ! Yoii may drag me to tho altar, but I'll denotmeo anddily you there ai- I do here i ? ' J. . - IIo. watched! her n moment, the old, .dangerous look coming back to his iy-:s. ' Very well,' he replied then, in the ?juiet Lone he always used when he was ?»uch. moved, ''have it your own way. Y.iu'Il see whether you'll hold out or nut when I get you in tlie charters I've pre pared for you. We'll see.' _ Jie turned nnd strode from the room, his face white with anger, and locked the door after him. Maggie sit by the window, gazing down into tho dingy yard below, una pondering on what Lord Stratlisjiey had said. The people at the inn regarded her an an escaped lunatic— that explained , at once the peculiar conduct of tho land lady. The young nobleman had spoken iidvisedly when lie said she was utterly in hia power She wai, and uithout one tingle hope of escape. Thinking it all over, Maggie's brave heart failed her, and dropping h'jr bright head forward on the window-sill, she fobbed, in her impotent despair, like a chi d. )5ut her grbf was more for her old father's sake than for her own. The long, dreamy summer day went slowly by. It seemed un elcrni'.y to poor iLng/ie, pacing up and down :ier bare prison in frantic impatience. But at last it came to an end ; the sun went down behind tlie Kcotti.h hills, tho purple twilight .fell, iiinl the great white stars camc tl*sliiiig out iii the opal sky like un set diamonds. Once again her prison door was opened, ind tlie young lord entered. ' Come,' he naid, (inietly, unfolding a parcel containing u shawl and Iiat, 'get \- these on ; we aro going now.' Waggie paid tioheed tohiscommaiid. ' Will you go Ijuletly V' hi- continued, ' I wish yrn would, but i£ yon liko to Im itubborn, there's nothing to hinder. You tee this,' he added, producing a small, transparent vial, ind holding it before aer uyos ; 'one ringlesciiratit will make roit us gentle as a lamb, and there are plenty to help mo carry you down. Take four choico ut once, Will you go (juicily or not . Hlie nroae without a word, nnd nut on tho glum 1 mul Iiat. There wan nothing to , fce gained by resisting, with that deadly drug before her eyes. Tlio young m ill took her hand, anil drew it through ||ts im, and they dtscendod to thu publiu parlor of ,'-Tlio Lfon and (ho Unworn,' Thu landlord aud Ills wife nnd mm or two (;uest* wore present, and tlin wl.ole uf them oroae ut once, and stood roady to ilu «umpincaso of any violent manifestations, Haggle had thought In appeal to ilium lorheln, luitsoeingtlii'ir winks, nnd inula, ind significant gimmes, aim refrained, They bolioved her to bp mail, mid would not give ear. to onyiliing she said, ? ; . , Kiio suffered h'tl fitrutlmpoy to lend ? Wont to the tavern porch. - There- was u 4 . tlosod auningo fn-.trnitiiig. a fi'w yprd# ' Irbin tlio stopi, anil h,\lf ft'dojwn hnyn anil » .. jien loitered -'around) lucking on wttli ?S;„ L , i,' , r? / curious insolonce. Tho poor girl's cheeks tingled with outraged pride and nnger, and she went to the carriage door in utter silence: At the very instant that her foot touchoil tho step, and the young lord was hurrying her in, tho horses shied and plunged forwa-d, throwing her back with some violence. u Tako care, madam,' cried a.youn# man, wjho had just come up from another direction. 14 Allow me to help you.' He caught her before she fell, and drew her back a step or two, while the horses jwero being restrained. Maggie turiicd|the moment Bhe recovered from the shock, and looked at hiiu, aud in the summer dusk she saw something in his handsome, blonde face that inspired h**r with confidence. Swifter than thought— for Lojnl Strathspey was approaching rapidlyi while the stable-boy held the horses-pshe grasped his arm with both her slender hands, and raised her lovely eyes to his face. . ' Ohj sir, for Heaven's sake help me,' she implored ; 41 that man ia tho Earl of Strathspey's son, and he is forcing me from home and friends — save me— help me!' j... The young lord rushed up, with a bitter oath. 1 . . - . i 'Shefe a, lunatic — don't heed her,' he cried, hotly, too hotly,, it struck the calm young stranger. ? 'Come on-^como, I say/' | He drew her to the carriage door, ana lifted lier in by main force, springing aftor h'er, . with astonishing rapidity. Maggie struggled from his grasp, and euc ce- ded in reaching the window. \- 'OhJ sir, save me— save me!' bIio cried, in imploring accents. . ' , '-Wh'o is she ?!' demanded the young man of the landlord, as the carriage whirled away. 'A mad woman, .as he tola ye; she 'scaped, Ian' he be taken her back — she's apurtyiyoung thing.' The stranger sauuteredoff ill the deepen ing . twilight, his rifle swung across his stalwart] slfoulders, and. a 'short hunting knife iniliis belt. .'Ldon't believe it,' he murmured, his blue eyds brooding and serious ; ' there was no madness injier face ! Heavens, what a face it was 1 Like one of Raphael's Madonnas. I've half a mind to follow her, and unravel this mystery, By Jove, I trill.''. | And lie shot off through the purple gloom., with the spedd of an antelope. ; CHAPTER XVIII.'. TUB -JJOEDEE WATCH. IOWER. Away up oil 'the bleakest; and wildest portion ( £ the North country coast, there stood, at the time of our story, a pile of gray old ruinB, knovai by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turret oi tower, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in days gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoiter the movements of their enemy.. The surrounding country was very bleak and desolate, and the old castle, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, and crumbling battle ments, was perhaps the dreariest aud most uncanny old place within the length and brea Itli of England. For ages it has beirn utti rly deserted, save by the bats and owls and the ghosts of tho mailed warriors,! who used to hold their nightly revels in|it3 spacious halls. Oh one side, its gray and mouldy parapets I looked down into tho sullen waters of Solway'Firth, and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterly sterile and verdureless, dotted hero and there with dwarfed oaks and black thorn bushes, and bounded b} a ledge of wild, rocky cliff*. Under tho bane of these extended a gloomy cave, known among tlie peasants as tlio ' Hermit's Cave, ' arid inhabited, so they asserted, by a wierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, like that of tho Wandering Jew, was endleBs ; and who possessed1, moreover, tho ubiquity if Asmodeui ; appealing under the shadow of the black thorns at one moment, aud away up (in the beetling summit of tho bald cliffs' iiVtlie next. In the dead of night, the samo night on which our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up tho broad avenuo that led to this griin old Wiitch Tower. The immense gntos stood wido open, as tlioy had been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; und the carriage drove in, and over tho mouldy fliig-sfones, up to tho front entrance. ' Thu driver leaped from his box, aud throw open the carriago door. He wus u tall, dark inan, with au ugly face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut acroes his right teinplo. . ' Uero we are, my lord,' ho said. Lord Angus put his head out and looked about him. 'Dark as a dungeon,' ho ejaculated, with n slight shudder, as his oyes roved over the i great gray pilo of ruins, looming up before linn in tlie Hiiinmer starlight. ?' K'pose you run up and knock, Buikot, and be sure you're all riglrt.' The man unoi-ndud the long flight of stone »tup», which led to an arched door way, and proceeded to pound lustily, At lirst, only the bats and owls, startled from llielr molts, made any sound ill response. Ho knocked ugain,' with Iho loaded end of his whip, till the empty halls within rang with tlie sound. Ten minutes passed, and then a sound of footstups echoed within, aud presently, uftcr a great cluttcr-uf bolts alia bars, the massive doors swung cautiously upon, ami thu dried ;iiud wrinkled tuco of mi old woman looked out, ' Wha'ii '.hat 1' she deinundud in strong Kjotcli aoconts, one hand on thu door, auu tho other-: on Lhn head of an iimnomii blood-hound, that crouched at her sldo, with blood shot oyes, and rud, half-opan jaws. 'Mu, Mother flwiniietlii mo, to bo sure I' ci led ISerket i ' tho day o' judg ment might come, an' y'o'd never know, Why, I'vo beau poundlii' lioro an hour,' -? I heiirn yn,'' responded thu old woman. ' Be thn young Inird ooom ilerkut nodded iis.Iiu turned and ran dotvn tliuii-teps. 'All right, yer |ord*lup,' Jiq called nt thu door u f thu cari'iugo, t/ird Align* leaped out wllli Maygio in his arms, r Tli' poor girl had given over iesi»tuuci-;: Tlio night of tlio driver's wii'licd fare, and uf (lie grim nnd ghostly old building, awed her into silent fthudluiioe. il'T (neu was ns wliito ns tho youiig moonlight that bugnn to uhlmiuor mi the Sci- ttlih netiks, Hliil her uves wnro iisoltiiiinsliirilitdt'Kpi'enloii, Hurt von iliil not Intcrpoi'i utiti iavo hcr» «[ia tvat l«»t, ? v ^ Tho young man set licr feet upon the muddy flag-stones, and drawing her hand through his arm,' led her along by his side. They ascended the steps and approached the door, where the old 'woman awaited them with a dim lantern in her hand. At sight of them, tho blood houncl-uttered a terrible growl, and moTod stealthily forward. ' ? ' Doon, ye brute — doon this minnit I' commanded the old woman. ? ^ He cowered back in an instant, and the old woman came forward, her leaden eyes lighting at tho sight of Lord.Slrathspoy's face. - . ' I dinna be sure it was yor lairdship,' she said, watching him with a curious, eager look, and touching his arm with her withered hand ; ' but I-jjnow it's yer*elV now. Yer a braw lad now, 'Tismonya: year since me tiuld eyes had Bight of ye. Abraw young l-.ird ye be.' Lord Angus shook off her -hand with an oath, staring at her in amazement. ? ' ' Hush your gibber, will you?' ho cried, harshly. ' Do you mean to keep me oat here all night ?' ' The old creature hurried back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment inherleaden eyes like that we often see in dumb animals. ' The young leddy's room be all ready, ' Bhe Baid, humbly. ' Will ye go light up now, or— — ' ' Right up now, ' interrupted the young peer. ' Load the way.' ' She obeyed in silence, going before them up the great oaken staircase, j the. blood-hound crouching along at her heels She paused midway the great hall that ran from tho head of tho stairs, : between two rows of chambers that had once been very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened one of tho carved oaken -doors. _ Lord Strathspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. In its day, this' old state chamber had been a magnificent one, but. now the tapestry was faded and moth eaten, rats burrowed behind the carved wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and ornaments on the marble mantel were green with mould. The rich furniture, too, of an antique style, was sadly decayed and faded, and the great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little puffs of dust at every touch of their foot.' The solitary candle that burned on the mantel throw a dim and ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, whore an immense. bed uj. reared itself like a mountain, all draped with failed velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of some dead-and-gono race that adorned the walls. ? ; Altogether it was as dreary and tomb like a chamber as one can possibly imagine. ! . . Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted, old state chamber and- seated her, with a bow 'of mocking galluntry, on tho velvet couch that filled ono corner. Then he turned^ to the old woman that stood just within' the doorway, her eyes following him with thatcurious, eager look. : ? i . 'Give me the key,' ho said, roughly, 'and tako yourself off. . I. can find my way down.' - . .- - ? Sho obeyed without a word, and with the key in his h ind tho young man turned to Maggie. ' . I ' You believo nie now ?' ho bogau, his.i evil eyes flashing with triumph ; 'you i see how completely you are in my power ? | The doors aro strong here — to-night the j great gates will bu closed and locked, and i day and night that old crone aud her blood i hound will stand guard to provent your, escape. You see. thoro . is no liopo for you.' | . Maggie uttered no word in answer. Sho sat motionless on the odgo of. thu. moth eaten sofa, her fucu white and rigid, her sweet brown eyes Btony with horror and despair., Tim young lord's heart releatod a little as ho looked at licr. ' - i ' I -lou't like to do this,' ho continued, his tone softening an ho spoko ; ' I want to bo good to yau, Magbiu — it is all! your own fault. Tho moment you consOnt;to become my wifo, you |uro froo. I want you to think it over to-night and make up your mind, to like me— yon can oasily enough if you will. I shall como :to boo you early in tho morning, and if yoU'll say tho word wo will bo nmrriod at onco, und I'll take you back to your father tho Countess of iStrathrtpey Towers.'' . j, \- Still she uttorcd no word in rosponso,' but satin that wliito, stony silence. Tlio young man could not bsur to look at her, and ho tiirnud toward tho door, : 'I won't annoy you to-night,' lie said j. ^ you'ro tired. I'll go down and Bond (iivyiiuotli up with sonio supper and ft 'glans ol' wiuo and you'll foul bettor to morrow. Oood-nighl.' ' lie lingered an inr-tanl , hoping alio would speak, but shu did not, and ho wuiit out., closing and locking thu door after him. Aud Maggiu was luft alone a prisoner in this groat, ghostly bid. chamber. CIIAI'THU LIX. Tllti IllU'OY, Thu Hurl of Htruthspuy loft lUviinswold on tho tenth of Huptembur to make a run down to Lomluii and rutiirn in timo for his daughter's inanlago, which wus ap pointed to tuku place on tho twenty third, lie had vaiinus commissions to vxueuto, bu iiiiesi hiiiltoiM to iirrangu, and thu miirriagii sutiK-niunU fo attuml to. In uilditioll, tliu eail wislied to commit with his nolieilor, in ru^aid to thu uxpudiuuuy of dihinlieritiug, or disowning hither, thu young inan vvlio had so long been known as his sou, i Tlio subjnut was iPvery painful one, but Lout Ktralhupoy was nut thu.inaii lo ihlrli what ho uunnidiTed to bo his duty, no iiiaitur how iiiuuli (lain it might cause him. Day by day, hu;ii- by hour, thu ctmvlu* tioii that thu boy wus not Ills hum, that ho had been deculvud aud imposed upon, grow upunhtiii ; mul while I in rejoiced to bellovo that no depraved and uiipi'oinising A young until was iii truth lio Hon of hln, u was with a fuuliug nf. keen pain that ho thought of renouncing Iiiiii, Alter ull his hopes, after all hu had borne and nullumd, l.u should die without an heir, mid the tliuu-|ioiiui'inl niune of HlrAtlmpny would din with linn. ? llutler thus, however, than to leave it- id tho IlllinU of one will) would surely bring din grnou anil nhiiuio uiiiin it, IIo wad llxtid In Ida doturimuatlui), mul ulnrto'V-'iluwit lo-.. Ijinivlon tt) look Into tlio ninttor uml hoo .what could -bu dnnu. ... . IimiioiHnlel^afAr thu iiini'riii{jn of liln daiigbtoi' ho propn/iod haviit|( Ilia ruumliiK o(Vhl« wlfo diiliitvrred ; nml runiuved to the grand burial-placo . at Starthspoy Tower3. ? . ? ; That done, hiB life- work was ended, and nothing remained for him but death. . He purposed ? leaving . Eng land in alt probability forever, and end ing his miserable existence in a foreign land.' ' ? ... Thus the earl - purposed doing, as ho stood on the platform at the Perth rail Way, waiting impatiently for the express train to London, but' a trifling incident; or Bhall wo say a providence; which work3* even through tho' wrath of evil n\en,to ac complish and' perfect its marvellous ends. — caused hinf to change his mind. !? . The earl received a letter ;-a yellow en velope, directed iu a scrawling hand, and delivered by a dark man, with a Babre cut over, his right temple. j . Ho tore it 'open a trifle impatiently, and reaa its contents. i Itrantthus: :? 'If the Earl of Strathspey will come;to tho old castle called ' Tho Border Watch Tower,' he may learn something in regard to his mm son.' - . 'HiB^oie/rson,'' mused tho peer, walk ing up and down.! . 'What can it meaii, I wonder.? . I've half, a mind -to go and Bee. I linow tlio old castle well. By Jove, I will go !' r , He turned on his heel, while the express train wont crashing out on its way to Lon don; and half an hour later he was aboard a passenger train, bound for tho North country border. ' ; ?? Ho got off at Hawick,, under the shadow of tlie Cheviot Hills, and finding' no better mode of travelling at hand, after making a haaty dimier,- he secured a seat in! a. niail-coach, .which would convey him with in a few. miles of the' ruins. | ? With every mile he travelled, hisim patience increased. ? //iV oicn son! 'He kept repeating the words over and over, with something like a. thrill of pleasure. He had' been so deceived, and baffled, and disappointed— what if at' last his very own son was to be. restored to him V. Tho little Tyrol foundling, that his dead wifo claimed as her own? It might be so. Stranger things hid hap pened. _ . : . ' ? ? . j ?, Wo havo before : stated - that tho oarl was impulsive and impetuous by nature ; whatever he believed, became h faith to him..- And now thinking it ovor, as lio rattled along ; in the mail-coachj his im patience waied.hotter and hotter. ~ ' -If it might only turn-out as he hoped| if ho might find and claim the boy ilia. wife loved, the child for whose sake sho sacri ficed her homo'and happiness, and her life —what joy it would bo to endowhim with his name, his wealth, diis honors; for the sake of her whom lie - had so deeply in jured I It was tho one only thing, which could in any way afford him comfort, .or appease the cruel romorso that stung lain like an add£r ; and. his great desire that it might be so-grow into a hopefiil faith. ....; ? -... . .... ? |.j ... 7/fs own son! It must bo the little foundling of the Tyrol that he was soonitb hear of. ????.,?? ? ; v \- The mail-coach put him down in tho silver dusk of : a September evo. A young moon hung like a silver crescent ovor tho blue Cheviot poaks, and tho stars came out like jewels in the far-off, misty blue. 'V', ..j' 1 .' ij-' Tho ' Border Watoh Tower' was a few miles distant ; ho could suo the round tur- . rot looming up gray and grim - in the opal light. Thore was no convoy an co at hand, and the impatient earl-, too eager to1, brook a : moment's delay, de'tormined to walk the distance. Hodid so, striking offin a direct line across tho north country, and leaving tho rolling downs and rugged poaks far behiiul. ^ r j 5 ; Tho moon was going down- in a bank of thunderous storm-cloud wlibn ho reached - the great ga'o of .tho old castle-, 'and aii ovl was hooting dismally froift soiuo hidj deli porch away up iu th'o windy battle?, hieiits. . i ? Tlio oarl paused, panting and woary from his long and rapid walk, and leaning agaiiiBt tho hugoBtono pillar, gazed around him. ?, ! i Aud ut aight of tho dreary. prospect— ' tliii black and sullen waters beneath tlio ruinod moat ; tho blightod hoath, strotcIiJ ing far away in tho dim l^ght ; tho gloomy fir-grove, that flanked the broad avotiuo; and tho grout gray pilo of ruins, so. stilly and gliostl}', und tomb-like in tlio uncer tain moon-ray* — at sight of all this, for tho first timo a thrill of apprehension assailod! him.' What if he wore being lurod into' a trap? Could it bo bo y .Askiiijj hiinsolf tho i{uostion, as if by aomo woiril magic the faco of hia son, of; tho boy who liad boruu his namo aud oii ? joyed his benefits so long, seumud.to rixo before him— ti fuoo full of wicked malig nant triumph. ; Forono brief moment tho oui-1 hesitated, half inclined to turn back. Then ho raised Ids haughty liuad with a scornful nmilo. Hu hud never iuot a danger in all his life lung that hu dared not faoo, aud ahould hu turn baok from this — ho, who hold his life so lightly 1 ? A ruaty horn hung Busp.ndod from tho: huge gatOj whioh wasaeouiuly looked. The: oarl took it down, and blow a long, loud, blast, such a blast , as was wont in days gouo by to rouse tlio border warriors from 'tliuir revels. The huar.-io braying of a blood hound within responded to his numinous, and all ngalu was silent for tho upaco of ten min utes, when a footstep luhoudon thu damp liag-itoiiu, anil directly aftor tho rusty bolts and bars began to rattlo, Thu galo was cautiously opened, and tho Hamu inan who hrnl delivorutl thu luttor looked out, 'All I' ho oj.iculatod, 'tho oarl nt lu-.t. Will youc lurdship ho pleased to outer 1' . ' Who desires my presence lioro do* ilotniimliSiUho oarl, 'Tlm niait'-'r,' ropliod tho limn, glibly i II ho has tlillngs fur yuur lordtthlp, if yon will' havo tho goodness to wnllt in and hear,' ; Tlio uurl ulrodo In without nnothor ipiastlon. Tlio gnto was nloaod and Itioltoil niter him, aril then Ills gtlldil led tho way to the eiiHtht eiitraneu, Tho etui followed mi tho niiinldy nteim uml tliroiwli thu nrnheil door way. In thu great hull, Ilia old woman known ns Mother (Iwyniiuth ntoml witlrn li«ht.nnil lit a signal from tho titan, alio nt oiipo led tho way into n .pjiAoian* ilrowlngtuuiii, A grnndi gloumy tiiurttmoiit, ItUud with mutt nnd ilueay, nntl floored with colored tiloa, llltn tho imniis ivbnvo, . Kniin a vnlvet elmlr luiv.riimoluaoriior, li man s lltfitt'o urone, . Uwyunelli put tlurt'fi tlio.Titflit (tliA, - i[otroi\tQ(l, nn-.1 the Earl of Stra'thspcyi stood faco to face with I bis son. ithe young Lord Angus. 1-: ;- | For the spaceof : a minutol the two men faced each other in deadj silenco ; then the earl spoke, his. voice qnivenng ritli rage:, . ? . ? . ? 'Did you send that letter?'! he de manded]; 'did you dare to decoy ine into thisden?' :i ..: i . 'i -? The young man's face wore a smile of diabolical truimph. ' | 'I did, begging your, lordship's] pardon,' ho replied ; ' I mvUed you tocomo if you wished to liear something of i/otiroicu son; and lie is very, much at your honor's ser vice, tlie on hj son, the only heir the Earl of Strathspey will ever own.' ' ? j ~ I For ail instant the earl stood breathless —utterly dumfounded ut the young man's arrogant- impudence. Then his: hot arid hasty temper flamed up. ] | 'You young villain !' he cried, ? rushing toward Lord Angus, 'I'll teach you how to make a foul of mo.' ' | He made on attempt to grasp the young man's collar, but Lord Arigus elu ded him, and, retreating step by step, drew the earl on to the farther -corner of the spacious room. . ' . ' I There was a wide tile just! beneath their feet.. The young lord pressed upon one corner of this with the toe of his boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying the earl with it, down into an abyss of: utter darknes3. ? ! .t ?' J Lord Angus peered down into the awful chasm, His face full of wioked exul tation. I '-'-I ' | ' Who will bo Earl of Strathspey now, my lord?' he called, mockingly, j . . ? | Then ; the heavy- tile : slawly ; rose, and slid back to -its place with} a sharp snap. _! . '-'.j ' ?}.-*' ' ' | 'A snug trap that,' mused the young peer, with his hands in his pockets ; 'and iny Lady Cecilia 'Drummond's a -clover \yoman — a doucedi clover woman,' and a .handsome one. If I don't succed in break ing in my wild fury, I've half ajmind to make lovo to her, now that the earldom's mine. '? I:--,.: V.' :y.:] . -' . j ./- '''j./ CHAl'TERLX. I f-'-i'--'- D£E£AT1SD. Js ^ Judith lost no time in carryingj out her determination to warn Captain Fossbroke of his danger. The:moment her duties to Ilady Marguerite .were ended, she hurried across the wold, in the waning ' light, to tho residence of- Mr. Keith. ^ ' j The old highland country, house was vory silerit and sad; for Mr. Keftli was ab sent, ati'work with the detcctiifM vwhoi were trying to find , poor Maggie ; and the old doctor was silting out upon the stone 3t'eps, his head bent upon his breast, given over to deBpair and grief. . - 1. .!? ?' ?'^Judith approached him with tears in her oyes. ? ? :.. 'i . | ' Ay, 'til you, my girl,'- he said, in ro ply to her salutation, his oyes full of the wistful inquiry that nover loft them. ' I was in hopes — — ' | He stopped short, his voico choked aud unsteady. : | 'But 'tis useless,' he added; after a moment: - ' I may as well give up all Hope. -She's gone, Judith— my pretty bairn's gone — I shall never hear from her dgaiu.' There was a deep pathos.in tho father's grief for the daughter ? ho loved so fondly. ' . .j. Judith's tears fell fast as she looked at him ; but lior words were the words of hope a!nd consolation. 'Do not despair,' sho said; ' I'm snro 3 ou will .find hor-^-I fool it somehoTv, doc- ! t -r — she's not gone.' i But lie Bhook his gray -head in dos jair. \- ' Remember how it was about Hon- : drick;' tho girl continued, hoping to cheer him. 'I had mourned hiiu as dead so long, and, in tho hour I ? leasts looked for if,' ho was restored to mo. - Tlm moroy of Heaven is endless,' and its power is omni ijotent, doctor. You will surely find your child again.' j Ho looked up at tho summer stars above! 1 iin. Judi tli'a oarnost words thrilled hiiu i t'ith ronowed hope. . - - I Sho passed on,. in search of tho captain, I and found to . her consternntian, that ho i Was absent, gone to Glasgow, to return ou 1 Thursday. 1 . . f On Thursday,1 the very- day on which tiie fatal wino suppor was to be held 1 What Bhould sho, do ? ! Hurrying homaward through tho silent starlight, slio thought until her tomplos throbbed with puin, aud at last doter lriineil to reveal the wholo affair to tho oountess. j Lady .Margucritowusin tho music-room when Judith reaohed Ravenswold, filling all tho Bummer silonco with horniournful melodies, and the girl ran to herownlittlo room, to souk advice from her husband. Sho had tuld him tho story of tho baro nu''s treaohory before, and ho Btronsly approved -of hur decision to roveal all to thu eouutess. ' There * something wrong,' ho said, in liisgrnvo, Blow manner, 'though I can't see thruugh it. I'vo boon watching tho. baronet nineo you told mo, and thoro!s something wrong with him, Judith, lio atarts una looks behind him when there'* no o:iuso — Ito's got a secrut of sumo kind on his yiiud, I'm sure o' that.' 11 Aud ho lo be my pour littlo Pearl's husbaudl' oried Judith. 'And o night or two ago,' pursuad Heudrick, without noticing what alio said, ' I was down in tho stables, and Sir liny ard eiuiio down— he's always prying abut tho horses. Right iu tho yard he n.ot Ca.i tain Fousbrooko' faoo to fuoo. Tl#y bjth stopped aud stared nt oaoh other, and sny* tho oiiptain. ' Why, Vohmcl liiclmimiil II o -'.v, ns 1 livol' 'And Sir Hayard, ho tnrneil so wliito that I thought ho'd drop whoro ha stood. Tho oiiptain wont on with a laugh, mul then Sir Bayard foil to swonrin' awful. I wiuulor what it all means V' ' Ooluiiol Hiohmimd Brooke,' ropontod Judith, thoughtfully. 'Yen/'onid I lomlriokj1 'that's tho name, 1 i-emomher it wall.'. : ' Well, 'tis all in a tangle,' nhoropliodi '1 can't begin tn neo ono end frnmt'iithor; hut I'll Uku your ndvloo ami toll tliowholo thing tn tho cntmUnsi' 'Ay, . linn,, 'tis ' tho host thing you enn do,'''' ronponded liondriok, stroking hor brown hnir its lio nroaa to gu out. And Judith wont straight way and tap. pml for MUuittnnua at Uio dimr of the ooiiutum1 slltiligrgotn, Thu old hilly hrnl a now naval beforo luirainl hoc liiovltublo nllvornutg of stront\ oollVu at hur I'llmw, hint stared a littlo ai Judith Ontori'il nnd biigged thu favor : oflier nttoiiii.-i' or a fewiininntcs. But sho closed ltt-r novel, aud pushed back her gd-rgles,aud laid ono bond mi the jev.-uUix! lit'ad of lior stair, and bauo her- prucotd with what she wished to sail'. . . Judith- obeyed;. reliearsiiig in a concise and- strictly tru;hful manner, and u it'n that terse audtstrikirigi sfyjo that -was oue of her gifts tlij^ whole' aC.iir from -begm-) i ning. to end, winding jup with the, littlif incident t hat Hendrick httcl noficed in the stable-yard. j , j The countess listened,' jhor keen eyes i i biasing, her hands -working nervously on .tho.top of her- cane. i-Sheicouipreliuuded all the points that had escaped the girl's 'comprehension. : ?When tluj story waa ended sho brought down hor stick with a' crash!:!-' - ' S : There,'; she cried; exptedly^' X'soo the whole thing now as clehr as daylight. What a blind idiot I've :heen - riot : to sus pect it before'. The -man's! an impostor,, and Bayard Brompton's dead— murdered ! That's.the whole in ja nutshell. Poor Bayard.' -? i;.; .: . ' She meditated' a moiniant and then bounded to her feet with the alacrity of a girl. V . l';V: J ' . . ' Here,- my good girl,'.' she cried, as she threw off her velvet gown, ' dress trie quick. 1 won't ring.for riiy maid— there, the black satiri arid a freth turbnn. Oh, Heaven!' she went j on i excitedly, as Judith hastened to obey, *4 to think- how1 I've buffered - myself tci boiduped— thank Heaven 'tis not- too: latejjrPoor Pearl, poor littlo girl, what a fate' she has es caped.- ? 'j' ?' ' Girl,' turning upon Judith aa she was folding tho snowy turban, }4 I'll give you a fortune for the serviias you've dono mo to-niglit ; a fortuuo that mil make you a lady.' | S Judith thanked her as she arranged tho turban and looped it in front with the great flashing diamond. iThe countess grasped her stick and hurried down. - . Pearl was still at the piano, and the baronet was bending ovor her chair doin^ his utmost to play the devoted lover, tlio poor girl shrinking, away from him with horror and aversion. | -; The countess crossed |the room with the tread, of a cat and put her lips close to tlio baronet's ear. - . I ?- ' Colonel Richmond llrookc,' sho cried, shrilly, ' when did you mmler Sir Bayard Brompion f' : | : I . I ? ? Tho baronet boundec[ upias if a bullet had struck him, turned sharply and stared at tho countess' iu blank consternation. Then comprehending tho whole, his face slowly whitoned, and with one or two in effectual gasps he saiik . to the floor in ! sensible. . . .. ; ft j The eouutess sat down contemplating the prostrato soldier | with an amusod twinkle in her sharp eylesi j ' I're givon mysolf credit all my life for being acleverwonian,' she observed, 'but I'm convincod now that I'm insufferably stupid, that . I ever should have been brought to believe thatlcreaturo a Bromp iton.i Pah! Marguerite, child, ring the bell, will you 1' | ? Marguerite, pale with wondoriug dis may,1 hastened to bbayj j* - , \- ' Call that ? gentlqinkn's' valet. ' com manded the countess of the servant who; entered, indicatiiig.the]prostrate baronet with the toe of her Eatin.slipper. In j five minutes ' Leorii^rd entered, a startled look iti his bladk eyes ' Take your .master jto his room, . said, the countess ; ' lie is I ill. I will havo a physician called in.';. ] - j | Leonard obeyed with alacrity, ;and tlio i dowager proceeded, tj- call- in; ! not a physician, but a pair ofiollieers. Half an hour later they invaded! tho baronet's room, but lo, the casement was wido open, and the, baronet and his valet were both gono. ' . 1 . - ? ' ... , But tho unsuccessful soldier had left his written confession behind him. ? .... ? 'I am Sir Bayardlj Brompton's half brother by an illegitimate connection. His father' did my niothcrj an unpardori ablo wrong, and ! owed hor son a grudgo. Moreover, I was the elder j son, vthe titlo and woalth wore mind ; I tried to secure thorn ; I lmvo failed.' J f : ' Poor follow,' mused tho countcss ; ' lio did have a look of tho BrOinptons,' and I can't help feeling some pity for him. But bo's a inurdorer — put the' officers on i his track.' i : | ? To be continued. 