'FMSBIM® EFOCTa The nsws of the death of John Bright does not come with, the shock ci sorrow and surprise which but a few years ago would have followed the announcement that the voice of the great Eng= lish tribune was stilled. It had for some time been espectod, and the ever-eloquent champion of freedom and right had also for some time ceased to appeal with his old force to those sym patKiea in his countrymen all over the world and specially in free young Australia. This in not the time to express rdore than sorrow and won der at the melancholy change which at the close of his splendid career left this old Liberal of of the Liberals high and dry in the ranks of the Tories, converting in his old age] the fearleoo de noitneer of all wrong and oppression into the de fender of eoorcioa. and the apologist for the Crimes Act. lie it was who, when in power him self, declared that ' Coercion was no remedy' and positively refused to his colleague, Mr. ITornter, the extended powers in that direction which h£ demanded. Yet when his old leader, Mr. Gladstone, prop'ocied tho real remedy for the Irish troubles, the only alternative of which was Coercion, John Bright was one o2 the first to fall away from him and become the bitter opponent of the party of which, from all his previous record in the same cause, he might have expected to be one of the^first and foremost sup portera. There is no way of accounting £oc this failure consistently with continued reverence for one of the greatest political figures of our time, unless it may be that John Bright was emphati cally to the last obstinately and stubbornly, not to say stupidly, English— prejudiced with the in sular prejudice as, in thia matter of the Irish ques tion, so many otherwise fair-minded Englishmen are. But in any case John Bright may easily now be forgiven by Ireland. There are in that same record of his to be found many noble services ren dered to Ireland in his brighter days which may well be net by generous Irishmen against what, perhaps, may best be called the political aberration of the closing ocene. The ' Member for Australia,' Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., seems rather to have fallen upon evil days. Like many other similar geniuses before him who have played the part of ' comet of a season,' he has been found out. That ter rible exposure of Heuniker Heaton's 'ghost' business has laid bare the secret of the Henniker Heaton speeches, letters, the pamphlets, &c;, on the e?erla3ting ocean postage question, and that bubble of spurious literary and political reputa tion is burst. Even that patient official, the English Postmaster-General, who has stood so much badgering from the lion, gentleman, probably on the ground, amongst other things, that he was only that fellow from j Australia who at least voted as he was told, finding that his tormentor's literary thunder was not of his own making, only borrowed and not paid for, had mustered up courage to snub him outright and apologised to the House for having- so long suffered so impudent an impostor. The fate of bores in the House of Commons— and Mr. Henniker Heaton must have been a bore of the first magnitude from the beginning — is not usually a happy one, though somehow, with characteristic dexterity, h© seems go far to hav© eaoaped it. But now that he is proved to be oomething ever ao much xrovae, a literary fraud oS tho first. ? ? ?? water and even a bore only at second hand, we .-. are afraid he is likely to have a specially bad time of it, and may evon be led to think that there are more Canterbuvys than ono in the world., and other Legislatures than the House o£ Corn mono, which may Heaven in mercy to oira old ac quaintance and ournelves forefend I Lovers of the eccentric in art v/ill find a very good subject for earnest contemplation in one of the loan pictures now on view at the Art; Gallery, Holman Hunt's ' celebrated' picture o£ ? . ' 'The Scapegoat.' It is like nothing in nature, neither is it like anything worth mentioning in art unless it may be an enterprising boy's first essay with his paint-bos, and least of all, perhaps, is it like a goat. But it is like, very like, in its - dumb despair and desolation, Mr. Abigail, as he may be supposed to feel just now, bearing the ' sins of the late Parkes Ministry in the political wilderness. It has been suggested that if anyone could be found fool enough to purchase it it might be presented to that hon. gentleman, or, better ntill, be made the nucleus of the proposed new national portrait llery of our distinguished ' great departed/3 