PROSECUTION OF A FRENCH COLONIAL GOVERNOR. It is not often that a colonial Governor finds himself tlio object of u prosecution for Ids treatment of tlio people committed to his charge. On 18th December, how ever, M. Gunniiille, who until recently hold the post of Uovernnr of Snegul, was tried for the manslaughter of four unlucky (ducks whom bo bad desputuliud us curotakurs of the Isle of Alcatras— annexed during ids administration — and who subsequently diud of starvation on this barren spot, nn at tempt having been made after mouths of waiting to renew their meagre supply of provisions. It wan a decidedly bard case fqr tlio blacks from tho first. The natives 'of these beniglitu.l regions en tertain the utmost horror of life on an islam I widcli they regard as haunted by ghosts apd. goblins and evil. spirits of the most' ferocious "typo. ' It was, therefore, with considerable misgiving that tlu-su unfortunate negroes vohsentcll to under take the duty required of tlicin, but on tlie eve of the departure of tlie despatch bout from Alcatras' .they; plucked up courage und iissiired the unuuiiumier that they wore pruud und happy to serve' France, and that they would do their best. After the interval of about n month a visit was paid to the 'island, but five months then elapsed without any effort being made' to revictual the neon pants, and it was nut till the middle of May this year tluit these unfortunate creatures who had last been seen alive in Novemlicr received sorious atten tion . from the authorities. Tlieir bodies were found lying on the ground reduced to the condition of mere skeletons ; all their provision hail long disappeared, nor yius a drop of water to be seen- -they bad died of hunger und thirst ! At tlio trial on 18th December, M. Genouille threw the responsibility on Captain Fcrrut, affirming that ho had instructed him to look after these poor men. M. Fern.t, on his side, declared that he had discharged his duty until Ins removal from. Ins post at the end of last year, hut lie inuintainuil that it was for the Governor to give the order for the departure of the duapntcli boat. The commander had '.merely to re mind him of the existence of Hie blacks. Sir Charles Dilke bus withdrawn from the nomination for the Loudon County Council, i.i consequence of the opposition which was offered to his election. An extraordinary amount of wheat tin been passing through Aibnry by rail during the past fortnight, und on Thurs day alone the quantity rcuchcd a total of. 8000 busholB, tlio bulk being bought up in the Yarruwonga and St Jntnes districts, Victoria, where tlie quoted price was then 4b 6<1, tho ruling prico in Sydney being 4s 1 Oil. The 'wheat is being forwarded to Goulburn and Sydney. 