UtfPgfOHES. kcHc Celestial ao<l tlic Cur. ;L6<;auty— a vnlloyin tha interior of Ciiifomiff, ilo'Bcrilml in"rcal-cBtiito pros- pocins iia lltp " lilvoliriit of- onrth'n fntototl ujiota', whom: mrro cxistmico is porjjotiml doliglit." lint presenting to tlio unapprociativo oyo tlio appiwranco of n very- thinly : populated, . treeless and grircoless region. . . rA:'fnrin-ltotl«'(t, standi) some distance back frora the. "public roHil. Tlio ciiiof ndirn'ntftgofl of its situation eeoiu to bo oxSlufiivoni'SS,' and open air. A dis orderly piekot-fonco mirronnds n front garden, in which Nature" blooms unres trained in tlnBtlo and tar-weed. Entor through -.tho . goto n rotund Cbiiiaman with a very-long cue. A amnll el/trr nntmrnnilv in n trnn- Ritjonal stato botw.cen .tho bluo-bloodcd . Bkyoand tbo blind-alloy: cur, folio w», per forcQ of a string 'at'tnehod to bin collar. Tho dog, as lio approaches tbo bouso, wails dolorously and tugs st tbo cord. . : fTlio Chinaman darts a aido-glonco at bim, and shakos a chubby linger saying ; " You look ow now j you go back," A middlo-Aged foumlo person rustics . oat of front door, grasps tho dog and -Sho crios out : " And you ara horo again, aro you ?— my jowol, my blosscd infolds him in cstatic ombraco. ono !" /Hi Cbong, serenely smiling — " Yes, no como." ..... Itosponso, in excited, slightly liibor- ntaii tones—" You think it's you that I'm n-talking to— you, indeed, and you'ro an ignoront hoathon. What is it you'ro tnoaniog, to keep tho dog, knowing nil the country was being eoarclied for him ? May bo it's starvod bo is — Wnggy, my own poor' dog 1" ..Woggy wails affirmatively. Hi Ciiang, tranquilly — " Mo dlivo him 'way ; ho no go ; mo bling him you this time,' next tiiuo ho como, ho good by you. iiornuiy sigmucont wiiik 01 ion oyo. 1 ' Fomnlo party, frantically wrought up —"You aro aro; not- daring to mean yon'll kill him ?" -Pagan, oracularly— "Volly bad dog, no can all timo livo. IIo como uiy boss placo, kill him ono day tho chickcc, bh ok film log ono duck, and not for cat, for play ? You think my boss buy cliiclcoo mako play for you dog ?" : Volcanic omotion on fcmalo visage. .Jit Chang contlnaos; with solemnly warning,, voice — "My. boss say como 'gain bo house, maybe so not come any inoro." Female, with air of -an avonging god- doss— "It's a God- forsaken man that Would toko tho life of a senseless henst that's tlio solo protection of twolonoly womon. Wo'll sot tlio ltiwon him." -'Hi Chang, placid triumph shining out of bis evoslils— "Mv loss Hall man. iln all saino ho like." ..Tho other party, -in haughty srorn — " Rich, and enru'so much about a chicken or' so ? Wo'll pay for his precious chickens," Hi Chang, with equally lofty scorn— "Ilo.no enro chickoe, got plenty money buy chickoo. Ho enro howl I Hog como' mako. lug noiso ; -my -boss say, J Kill 'blank boast.' Noxt timo"— an impressivo- pause— " you not eco 'gain. Goo'- by," - Turns owoy. "Fcmalo, 'with pursuing shriek of ex postulation-—" lloro, you Cliiuaiunn ! wo'll pay anything) tell your hoss. Chinaman, with throo unrelenting sliakos'of lioad— "No can pay for howl 1"... Closes gato and trips nway, wliilo Odoli&rankcs; fiorco gestures at his disappearing cuo. Tjftnrmid vnien frAm iiifm-in. a? linn.. rrj' pjoliB, wliat is (Ul tlio talking anil noiso ?" . Odolia, rasliing in ilirootion of voico It's our own Wnggy tliat I'm just alter taking froin tlio clulclica of n liiur- Jcrons-benrtod pagan." Voico within, full of kconost anxjoty — " Oh, toll mo, toll mo ia lie ontiroly safo ' Odolia, iri'tili'oking voico — " For this tinio yos ; .hut /or tho next timo ho goes he's \- tho same as dead. All because of a few oliiokonS. /; Arid oho crouches in a Niobo poso on tlio porch near a window. ' Voico through hlimls—1 " Rut Odolia, wo will: pay. for. any. wrotched cbiokonB Wagnor may kill." Odolia, "despairingly— "And wnim't I tolling tho sinner just that 7 And don't ho nnswor mo that it's tlio howl his Turk of a master makos a murderous talk about. What's a littlo noiso Sigh from ..within— " Tho poor man mav bo nervous, nut- l.nvn i..l.l.. .... bis mind ! most of us huvo. But Odolia, .-if . \\\' agoor will go " tlicro and molto o noise, what can wo do 7" Odolia, emphatically — « Wo can make liosto to got out of this pognii country, all alivo with devils walking aroiiud in pigtails." Voico within, quorolously — " Wo can not, Odolia, wo cannot. You know that only iu a far-off, hidden plnco liko this do I find ponco ol mind. Bring me Wagnor ; ho understands." Wnggy at that moment struggles for tlio froodoui of tho placo, and lias to lio compelled into tlio arms of his sym pathy-craving mistress. it. A farm-liouso, painted into glaring freshness, genera! environmont indica ting recently expended monoy. A gentleman site on tlio porcli, his feet on tbo railing, his hat far down over his eyes. Hi Chang approaches, occom- V UU4IJUIWUO t| UggJ, III taclicd as usual to a string, lit Chang, addressing soles of feel on railing — ', Mo catcheo him — dog ono timo more." No response. Chinaman, ,in . jiigher koy — " This timo lio kill tloo loostor, uno littlo obickoo." " No answor, /Hi Chang continues categorically— " Lun him sheop, dlivo in corner fence, bark,, bark, till sheep no can stand, mako sick." -" Bumbling voico. under hat—" Feed tho boast on chickens, mutton, Durham UU1IS, dorsoy pigs and othor vermin. Jtfs just as' profitable a way of disposing of. tlio truck as'any I have found." Long, rovorbcrating howl from Wag nor. Feet on railing como down with a thundering clap,. " Hang the aemdniao bruto 1" Hi Chang, sontentionsly and ap provingly— "All light— hang him light sway.V . Soliloquises as -ho drags tlio resisting Wagner, off — He: too mnclieo thinkeo — ineido liirn ; no good thinkeo." Gentleman tosecs a half-smoked cigar aBido, and entering tho lionse, lio par takes' of something ont of n bottle. Ho looks at his watch. " Half-past four only ; thought I'd I boon scorching on that porch threo hours This is tho striving, active Weslorn lifo which was to mako a now man of me, and choko off all morbid relmkpoclions. Morbid retrospections is nboul all tho placo is mado for. 1 drivo them ofT with braudy, or try to, and my nerves nro going to tbo donee. 'Tlio howl of a iniHornhlo littlo cur starts tho most most insane fancies in my brain. I'd bettor bo moving further on simc- , whero — try n South Sea island, or try I tbo climatic influences' of Kamchatka. I 1 won't wait to find aB big a fool as my- Rolf to pay mo tlio worth of my improvc- mt'iiln on this incomc-dovouring ranch. I I'll clinrgo him only for tho climnlo, I about linlf as much as I paid for it my self" (irratoly mopping his shining brow) " and throw in tbo new barns, fences, and agricultural implements. If «» iuu luiois Hwnniiiiig to uiis gigauLic frnud of un (»ver-advertised piradiso lose us much coin as 1 hnvo lost and gniu as littlo pcaco of mind " Lio hears nutsido on ir.lv. mingling of pigeonlDi'gJidu and canino moans, and '»c ntrides to tho window, and exclaims : "By Jupiter I what's tho pagan up to? I say, Chang, let the beast alone 1 Aro you fool enough to suppose I'll lot you hang the harmless whelp in full view of i my windows, or anywhero olso ?" I Hi Clinug — " N«» hang him ? Well, I what must do now ?" I Ho stands with dangling ropo and patient expression, Wnggy, subducdly lamenting tho inataliility of human in tentions and canino fato. Tho boss — " Hot him go I Keep I him out of my sightand heating 1 Uivo I him a bcofutcak." I in. I Hi Clmng, hanging out clothes on lino chirps n vivacious Chinese melody. Odolia approaches from rear, and ad dresses Chinamon'fl whitc-shirtcd back. I " Is tlioro auybody on this place I besides you ?" I ui vjmng, inicnsiiiy gracious — " Uh, you como mako visit? Yclly ghd seo you ! — volly hot day I Mo hero all by boU." Odclia rapidly twirling string or sun- bonnet, but speaking with sort of' pullcd-up-by-roots politeness — " Yes, very warm day. I havo como to ask if yon have seen anything of my littlo dog? Hois missing since ISaturdny." i lli Chang, sympathetically — " You I loso liiui dog? I'ity — heap pity I What kind dog? Black— wliito tdace on tail?" Udelio, keeping a grip on her feeliugs I — " No j littlo dog — long lmir— all I gray." Chinaman, immediately, swinging coil I of wet sheet to ami fro — " Littco dog— all gray. Long time 'go mo seo ooo aU sumco that." Yoico from sun-bonnet, liko a boil- inir-ovor kettle — "You dccoivinn' mi t you'vo seen him yeslerday or to-day, \ sure as you'ro standing thero nlivo and I grinning liko a corpao I Whero is it I you're keeping tlio dog 7" I lli Chang, in high-pitched wonder— " mJc Icoep him ! What for me keep him dog 7" "To play your tricks with tho devil." lli Clmng, with sudden illumination — " Oh, maybe so lio go dovil, and may be so you likoo go find bim." I Odolia, twitching Chinaman's slcovo, I bonnet falling off in bur ugitatiim— I " Here, you, take this dollar for tbo I chickens, and got mo tho dog." Hi Clmng, sliding out of her grasp, nud eying tho dollar with a Bpcculativo squint — 11 Dollar to inuclico for dog, not 'enough for eliickco." vmw..., i.uuij— - uw iio.ior money you'ro holding tho dog, uro you 7 You'ro thinking it'u mo you con' cheat and roh. You'll seo — you'll seo." Goes off with a rush. Hi Chang, cxcossivoly .courteous — " \ou go now I GoD'-by ; como' ugain soon." IV. Ili Chang, at a tablo chopping harsh iu tiiuo to his favorite melody. Ho hears Bproaching stops, no emilos and blinks in rcspouso to eomo idea in iiie hoatlion brain. Continuous to chop ou- orgeticully. Low, swoot voico at tho door — " I am looking for a littio lost dog." Hi Ohang, dropping dropping hnsti- kniro as if allot, turns to seo a young nud handeonio lady, who is certainly not Odolia. Tho pngan, breathless with wondonnont, srems abonl to prostrnto I himself in Oriental adoration. IIo spenkB in Iionoycd tones — " Dog fflong you 7 My ! my 1 mo no sabs b'long you I Mo no snho you — ino snboo ale wouico. Slio como bore, talkeo heap bad J mo talk vclly poli', and all timo sho got more nind." Lady, sweetly— " Yes 7 Well, it ia my dog, and I havo como for bim. Perhaps bo lost his way, and somnbody hero is taking caro of liim for 1110?" Hi Chang, bis fnco ono all- illuminating grin — " Yes, loso bim way. Ho como horo ; bo likee Slav ; bo good dog ; 1110 fix nice for bim. Ono minncc — mo show you." Ho vnnishos through inner door, and returns after a short nbsrnce. "You likeo como now — mo show yon." The lady ib conducted up n narrow, dark stairway, which ends in a dim littlo nttic-ronm. Sho does not liko tlio look of things at all. Cbiuampii divines hor fooling, and turns to givo a reassuring wnn of his hon.1. " AH light — you no flaid. Now look see." IIo throws open a small door and re veals n closet of a room, furnished with a Chinese coat 011 tlio floor and a pinto of food. And there, devouring tho food with frightful voracity, is tho lost dog. Lady emotional ; Wagner moro ro- sponsivo to hunger thou to affection. Hi Ohong, placidly—" Yen think mo no good for dog ? You seo nice loom, mco bed ; feed bim tleo timo 0110 day, heap high tone, nil snmco homo." Voico below singing. Udy starts up with alarmed exclamation, Dmr hnwlu Voico holow— "Whero is that howl ing dervish of n bruto? IIt.ro vou Chang Hi I Chy Clmng 1" ' Lady, in whisper — " S-li , Wnggy 1" To Chinnman— " Do— do show mo another way down !" Ili Chang — "No moro way. Boss good wan 5 bo no mad you." Waggy'a wail continues. Gentloman stamps np stairway. Lady retreats into darkest comer, Gontloman, witli ferocity — " Am I to havo my house turned into a kennol for this yelping mongrel ? Didn't 1 toll you I rnnst ho rid of liiui ?" Hi Chang, gcnlly— " Y<m tell ino feed htm cow. sboop, chickcc I Gontlcumn swears, but slops/ as- tounded, on seeing a dimly outlined figuro in a corner. Hi Chang, in oxplnnatiou— " Lady catch him dog." Gonlleman — " You will kindly excuse auy violont expressions, madam, but I I confess the rcpoated visits of your dog havo licen rather annoying to mo." Gentleman irntuly and curiously ap proaches figuro. Ho stares, and stares harder ; holds his breath, and finally ex claims — "Thunder and Mars I Im possible 1 Yes, without a doubt !" I Lady, in mufiled tones—" I am horo only for my dog. I had to como myself lo get him. 1 thought somo good old farmer lived hero." Sho makes a movement to pass the gentleman, who holds out a detaining hand. "But Milliccnt, this extraordinary meeting must no cxpiainou. Millicont, Bcornfully — "You should know that I never make explana tions." Gentlemen—1 " But I was suro you bad I gono to Huropo." Millicont — "Yes? You thought yourself sure of .a good many things. 1 Who said I was in Europe ?" Gentleman, subdaodly— " No ono mid so. I guessed so — and oaine straight this way." Millicont, sardonically — " So did I —by an unfortunate coincidenco of ideas." A good deal of animated discussion I follows. Hi Chang delicately retires into tho imoll room, keeping ono oyo fitted to narrow chink of door. His reflections—" Mo sabo now what for ho so much tlinkco, and likeo give dog shocp, bull, eliickco. Havo big fuss ; ho go way. IIo sit down, think, think, all sauioo not plontco womco in world. Ho heap mud ; lio likeo never moro got please. »Sho come ; sho look vclly niece ; lie forgot ono minnoo. Sho no forget — sho talk mako liim solly — womco heap smart— man no can all timo find out." I Lady — "You grant that yon gave I mo moro than provocation ?" I Gentleman, abjectly—" Yes, you were justified, ontirely. Bat a man can't holp tho mad things ho does when ho is jealous." Millicont, spooking fast — " I don't I in tho least refer to things you did when you wcro jealous — if you woro so. It was tho real indignities I sufTorod through her. And, by tho way, whore ! is alio now?" Gentleman— " I havo not seen hor flinco that hideous week at Turaido Park." Millicont — " Ah really how wonder fully, with what fortitude, you endured the horrors of that week. We. noticed, didn't wo, Wngnor?" Gentlemen, grappling at diversion — " No wonder that beast's howl wo9 so familiar." iu|uuuuui uny " iiju lurcQu- ened to hong him. But you hated dear littlo Wagnor always." Gontlomon— " Hocnaso yon dotod on him, and I looked on him as a sort of I bond betweon you and tbo man who I gavo liim to you." I MHlicont, nggriovodly — " Oh, cruol suspicions! Wognor wos ro liko my | graudmothor's pot, Judy, and iu some | way lio alwnys rccallod to mo my dear grnndmamma " (gentleman snickers blasphemously, but Millicont does not notice). " Aftorwards I loved Wnggy for hirasolf — in my troubled hours lio scorned lo understand and sympathise, and — ho hated hor so I" G ontleman, oggrnvotingly — " Ho nsod to snivel around hor as if ho adored I her——" I Millicont, in low intorjectory, .inimick- I iug numu ouu oiae — " uiover tiitio >Yag- I nor !" I "—Till she boxed his oara for touring | hor lace. Ho was cowed, but a bonbon always brought him wriggling back. Admirablo sympathy, powerful undor- Htamling 1" Milliccnt, languidly—" Wngnor, wo will now leave, and promiso Mr.-Vondor- I vero not to disturb him again." I Mr. Vnndervoro, in commotion— j " Millicont, you cannot think of break ing ofT in this cold-blooded way ?" Milliccnt, sighing — " You seam happy, I— exist at least, in pnaco and obscurity. A lifo of solitude and loneliness is not so unendurable as one in which mind and heart nro doily torturod." Hi Chang, sighing responsively— " Sho get liiiu all likoo sho want now. She talk heap pity." Much persuasion and entreaty on ono sido ; rominificonco and repronch on tho othor. Miuicent, linaliy, with decision — " You admit, then, that your affair with that porson was a disgrace to youraolf and a wrong to mo ?" Vondcrvcro, expostulating weakly— "But, dear Milliccnt, in jnRtico to hor I could not admit that much." Milliccnt, half way down-stairs—" So you prefer to do an iujustico to your wij if? Very wl-11. Consider this meal ing merely an accident. Wo continue apart." Vnndervoro, desperately—1 " No ; I know, donroat, I did make a fool of my self, and sho was impradont." Milliccnt, with stagy mirth—" Im prudent!" Yandervere — "Then, exacting of at tention.'' Milliccnt — " For exneting'say raren- ouk ; for attention, say intrigue." ALimlcrvere, wildly—" Yes — yes, sho liken somobody around always, hankers aft»r fun, or, .what's your word ?— hitriaue. nnvthinfr vmi tdinnsm." Millicont, sadly— "It was unworthy of yon to allow such .'a person to keep you dangling nftor her." Yandorvero, recitatively— " It was unworthy of mo." They nro now quite down-stairs. Hi Chnug tiptoes out into vacated ball, grinning and wabbling bis chubby neck. " 'Molican wifco heap smart ; she eny, ' Mo do 'long, what for you mako mo do?' Then husban' think ho maybe so vclly bad man." Ho pensively ro- Bumes hash-chopping in kitchen. Entor Odolia, tumulturtiisly, making confused oxchmiations. Ili Chang chops on. uuenn — isn t tnero n tongne in your head to answer a body?" Ili Chang swirls around, waving hnsh-chopper and grinning fiendishly. Odolia, desporately bravo, slaps at liim with sun-bonnet, as sho backs out of door. Hi Ohang, with lightning transforma tion into grotesquo mirth — " Before you loso him dog, now you loso him lady. Kvly timo loso liim somothing, you como nsk mo. Sometimo you no find you heiid, youjimybe so como ask me. Mo think," with criticnl scrutiny of Odelia's top-picco, "you loso. him lioad, . nobody steal him." Odelin, gurgling with rago— " Oh, it's not mo that minds your impudence. It's my lady I'm looking for, and I'll fiud her or die I " Hi Clmng, io a squeaking whispor— '? Ono roinneo, mo show you. My boas catch him dog, then catch ' him lady. Ho tako outside, and " (ho makes b fow hideously significant passes with tho knifo, unpleasantly closo to Odolia's throat, smiling a satanio smilo as ho does so) ; you sabo — ho make play, all sonico dog and chickoo." Odolia, with hollow lightness of tono — " And so you'ro thinking to mako a fool of mo ontirely?" Ili Chang— " You no b'Uovo?" Ho slides over to window and gazes around. Then oteppiug out of door, colls to tho oxcitcd Odelin: " You cotno, ino show you," Sho follows ; Chinaman, still dangling hash-chopper, cud stepping cat- liko, makes a winding courso among tho out-buildings. Ho stops at a small tool- house near tbo orchard, and flntioos him- self against tho wall, ono oyo poonng around tho cornor. Ho beckonB tc Odolia : " K'h 1 no mako him noiso." Odelin plants horsolf at tho wall, and thrusts her lioad out abovo tbo China man's. " In tho name of St. Patrick ! " Object of oxclamation — two figures sido by sido on narrow box undor nn npplo-treo, a dog stretched across tho two laps. " Odclia, aftor long study of tlio acono — " It's tho livo man, and not his ghost. Evorything mado up, and no divorco, after all sho's boon saying. And mo wearing my soul away throo months in this pagan laud, ten miles from con fession. Tho snintB abovo can't tell what a woman will do when bIio'c got a husband 1 " Hi Chang, roprovingly — " No mako bim fuss, spoil ovlything. Volly plotty lady 1 My boss heap sabe. Mo sabo, too. Mo work hard, get money, go back China, catch him wifoo, hbap fat, littco foot. Tleo bundled dollar wifco ! You likeo catch him hnskan' ? Mo flaid tako big money — raaybo so tleo t'ousan1 dollar— oh ? " 