THE SWORD OF JUSTICE. STAILE OF LOVE, ATYSTERY, AND CRDIE. By the author of "The Leavenworth Case.' BOO III.--7'THE JAIE[A M.Y'STEI? Y. CHAPTER XXIV.-(Continued') Paula paused as she reached the gate; but remembering that Mrs. Hamlin was accustomed to enter the house by a side door, hurried around the corner, and carefully surveyed the windows from that quarter. One of the shutters was open, allowing the flame of the setting sun to gild the panes like gold. She did not know then, nor has she been able to explain since, what it was that came over her at the sight, but almost before she ro alized it, she had returned to the gate, opened it, threaded the overgrown garden, reached the door which she had so frequently beheld the aged woman enter, and knocked. Instantly she was seized with a con sciousness of what she had done, and frightened at her temerity, meditated an immediate escape. Drawing the folds of her mantle about her form and face, she prepared to fly, when she remembered the look of entreaty with which this woman had said on that night of their conversation, " Do not disappoint me! do not keep me long in suspense!" and moved by a fresh impulse, turned and inflicted an ether resounding knock on the door. 'The result was unlooked-for and surprising. To the sound from with in of a quick, passionate cry, there came a hurried movement, followed by a deep silence; then another hasty stir, succeeded by a longer silence, then a rush which seemed to bring all things with it, and the door opened, and Mrs. HIamlin appeared before her with a countenance so pallid 'With expectancy that Paula in atinctively felt that in some uncon scious way she had loosened the bonds of an uncontrollable emotion, and was drawing back when the woman, with a quick look in her shrouded face, exultrantly caught her hand in hers, and drawing her over the threshold, gasped out in a de lirium of incomprehensible joy : "I knew you would come! I knew that God would not lot you forgot! Fifteen years have I waited, Jacque line! fifteen long, tedious, suffering years! But they all seem like nothing now! You have come, you have come, and all that I ask is that God will not let me die till I realize my joy !" The emotion with which she uttered these strange words was so overpower ing, and her body seemed so weak to stand the strain, that Paula in stinctively put forth her hand to sustain her. The action loosened her cloak. Instantly the eyes that had been fixed upon her with such delirious rapture grew blank with dismay, a frightful shudder ran through the woman's aged frame; she tore at the cloak that still enveloped the yotung girl's shculders, and pulling it off, took one view of the fresh and beauti ful countenance before her, and with out uttering a word, fell back in a deep and deadly swoon upon the floor. "Oh, what have I done ?" cried Paula, flinging herself down'beside the pale and rigid figure; but in stantly remembering herself, she leaped to her feet and looked about for some means to resuscitate the sufferer. There was a goblet of water on a table near by. Seizing it, she bathed the face and hands of the woman before her, moaning .aloud .in her grief and dismay, ' Have I killed her! O, what is this mystery that brings such a doom of anguish to this poor heart '. '"But from those pallid lips came no response, and feeling greatly alarmed, Paula was about to rush from the house for assistance, when she felt a tremendous pull upon her skirt, and turning, saw the glassy eyes had opened at last, and were now gazing upon her with mute, but eloquent, ap peal. •' She instantly returned, 'Oh, I am so sorry,' she murmured, sinking again upon her knees beside the suf fering woman. 'I did not know; 'could not realise that my presence here would affect you so deeply. For give me, and toll me what I can do to mako you forget my presumption.' The woman shook her head, her lips moved, and she struggled vainly to rise. Paula immediately lent her the aid of her strong young hand, and in a few minutes Mrs. Hamlin was on her feet. '0O God!' were her first words as she sank into the chair, which Paula hastily drew forward, 'that I should taste the joy and she be still unsaved!' Seeing her so absorbed, Paula ven tured to glance around her. She found herself in a large, square room, sparsely, but comfortably, furnished, . in a style that bespake it as the former sitting-room of she dead and buried Japhas. From the walls above hung a few ancient pictures. A largo hair.cloth sofa of a heavy, antique shape confronted the eye from one side of the room, an equally ancient book-case from the other. The carpet was faded, and so were the curtains, but they had once been of an attractive hue and pattern. Conspicuous in the midst stood a large table, with a well-trimmed lamp upon it, and close against it an easy chair with an upright back. This last, as well as overything else in the room, was in a condition of neatuess that would have surprised Paula, if she had not been acqnainted with the love and devotion of this woman, who, in her daily visits to this house, probably took every pains to keep things freshonedi and in order. Satisiled with her survey, she again directed her attention to Mrs. Hamlin, and started to find that person's eyes fixed upon her own with at expression of deep, demanding interest. * ' You are looking at the shadows of things that were,' exclaimed the old lady in thrilling tones. 'It is a fearful thought to be shut up with the ghost of a vanished past, is it not ? That chair by your side has not been sat in since Colonel Japha rose from it twelve years ago, to totter to the bed where he breathed his last. It is waiting, everything is waiting. I thought the end had come to-night, that the vigil was over, the watch finished, but God in His wis. dom says, 'No,' and I must wait a little longer. Alas ! in a little while longer the end will be here indeed !' The despondency with which she uttered these last wdrds, showed where her thoughts were tending, and to comfort her Paula drew up a chair and sat down by her side. ' You were going to tell me the story of a great love, and a great devotion. Cannot you do so now ?' The woman started, glanced hastily around, and let her eyes travel to Paula's face, where they rested with something of their old look of secret longing and doubt. 'You are the one who wrote the poem,' she murmured; 'I remember.' Then with a sudden feverish impulse, leaned forward, and stroking back the waving locks from Paula's brow, exclaimed hurriedly, 'You look like her, you have the same dark hair, and wonderful eyes, more beautiful per; haps, but like her, oh! so like her. That is why I made such a mistake.' She shuddered, with a quick low sob, but instantly subdued her emotion, and, taking Paula's hand into hers, continued: 'You are young, my daughter; youth does not enjoy carry ing burdens. Can I, a stranger, ask you to assist me with mine ?' ' You may,' returned Paula. 'If it will give you any relief I will help you bear it willingly.' ' You will! Has heaven then sent me the aid my failing spirits demand ? Can I count on you, child? But I will ask for no promise till you have heard my story. To no one have I ever imparted the secret of my life, but from the first moment I saw your fair young face, I felt that through you would come my help, if help ever came to make my final moments easier and my last days less bitter.' And rising up, she led Paula to a door, which she solemnly opened. 'I am glad that you are here,' said she. 'I could never have asked you to come, but since you have braved the dead and crossed this threshold, you must see and know the whole. You will under stand my storybetter.' Taking her through a dark passage, she threw wide another door, and the parlours of the vanquished Japhas opened before them. It was a ghostly vision. A weird twilight scene of clustered shadows brooded above articles of musty grandeur. In spite of the self-command learned by her late experiences, Paula recoiled, say ing, 'It is toosad, too lonesome!' But the woman, without heeding her, hurried her on over the worm-eaten carpet and between the time-worn chairs and heavy-browed cabinets, to the hall beyond. 'I have not been here myself for a year,' said Mrs. Hamlin, glancing fearfully up and down the dusky corridor. 'It is not often Ican brave the memories of this spot.' And she pointed with one hand towards the darkened door at its end, whose spacious if not stately panels gave no hint to the eye of the dread bar that crossed it like a line of doom upon the outside, and then turning, let her eye fall with -still heavier significance upon the broad and imposing staircase that rose from the centre of the hall to the duskier and more dismal regions above. 'A brave, old-fashioned flight of steps, is it not? But the scene of a curse, my child.' And unheeding Paula's shudder, she drew her up the stairs. 'See,' continued her panting guide, as they reached a square platform near the top, from which some half-dozen or more steps branched up on either side. 'They do not build like this nowadays. But Colonel Japha be. lieved in notuing new, and thought more of his grand old hall and stair case than he did of all the rest of the house. He little dreamed of what a scene it would be the witness. But come, it is getting late and you must see her room.' It was near the top of the staircase, and was fully as musty, faded, and dismal, as the rest. Yet there was an air of expectancy about it, too, that touched Paula deeply. From between the dingy hangings of the bed looked forth a pair of downy pillows, edged with yellowed lace, and beneath them a neatly- spread counterpane carefully turned back'over comfortable-looking blankets, as one sees in a bed that only awaits its occupant; while on the ancient hearth, a pile.of logs stood heaped and ready for the kindling match. 'It is all waiting, you see,' said the old lady in a trembling voice, 'like everything else, just waiting.' There was an embroidery frame in one corner of the room, from which looked a piece of faded and half-com pleted work. The needle was hang ing from it by a thread, and a skein of green worsted hung over the top. Paula glanced at it inquiringly. 'It is just as she left it! He never entered the room after she went, and I would never let it be touched. It is just the same with the piano below. The last piece she played isstill stand-. nlag open on the rack. I loved her so, and I thought then that a few months would bring her back. See, here is her Bible. She never used to read it, but she prized it because it wasi her mother's: I have placed it on the pill w where she will see it when she come~ to lay her poor tired head down to rest.' And with a reverenthand the aged matron drew the curtains back from the open bed, and disclosed the little Bible lying thick with dust in tre centre of the nearest pillow. 'Oh, who was this you loved so well ? And why did she leave you?' cried Paula, with the tears in her eyes at sight of this humble token. The aged lady seized her hand, and hurried her back into the room below. 'I will tell you where I have waited and watched so long. Only be patient till I light the lamp. It is getting late, and any chance wanderer going by and seeing all dark might think I had forgotten my promise aud was not here.' (To be continued.) 