PUBLIC MEETING. NATIVE INDUSTRIES. SPEECH BY MR. B. R. WISE. A public meeting was held yesterday evening in the Protestant Hall, for the purpose of hearing, an address by Mr B R Wise on the subject of " Nativolndustnos " The chair was occupied by the Hon J Macintosh, M L C and the hall was crowded with an enthusiastic audience Amongst the gentlemen who occupied seats on the platform were the Hons AA M'Millan and Sydney Smith, Messrs Teece, Black, Ball, Wilshire, Holborn, Wheeler, Hawken, J Abbott, Ms L A , H. J Brown, T W Warren, J Henderson, W. R Riley, C H Hayes, W. H Vivian, Ii B Downing, E Knapp, J H Lewis, and E Pulsford The proceedings were of the most orderly character, and Mr Wise's address, which lasted over an hour and a half was listened to throughout with the greatest attention. The CHAIRMAN briefly opened the proceedings, referring to the great value of those public meetings as a means of impressing on the people the advantages of a free-trade policy Mr WISP was awarded quite an ovation on rising to speak When the cheering had subsided he said they must have heard more than enough during the past few days of figures and statistics The speakers at their previous meetings had, with admirable lucidity and admirable effect drawn from the vast storehouse of experience a multitude of illustrations of the wisdom of commercial freedom His purpose was different He did not want to weary them with further facts or additional figures, but he wanted to address them upon those great economic and industrial principles which underlie all facts, and give them their moaning He wanted to take advantage of the presence of the ardent missionaries of freedom from all parts of the colony to forge an argument which should connect in an error sistible chain all the facts and illustrations in support of industrial freedom to which they had listened during the past few days He wanted to state principles, and to leave to them their application He would, with their permission, state step by step as clearly as he could all those conclusive arguments which had, if he might be allowed to say so without any desire to give offence, convinced every man who had deliberately set himself to study economic questions (Cheers ) THE EFFECT OF FREE TRADE UPON PRODUCTION. The great test of any fiscal policy must be its effect upon the improvement or the deterioration of the material welfare of the people, and the material prosperity of a country must, in the long run, depend upon its capacity to produce wealth Freetrade, he argued, increased the national productive- ness by applying the principle of the division of labour on a large scale Under this policy mon followed in dustries which would return a satisfactory profit If then some industries were not followed it was a sure sign that they were not believed to be as profitable as others Protection, on the other hand, lessened the power to produce in three ways. First, men under protection, were attracted by the promise of State aid from the industries they would naturally follow if left to themselves into others from which if left to themselves they would hold aloof Protection, therefore, diminished national productiveness by attract- ing capital and labour from the more to the loss profitable occupations One source of loss, however, would be avoided if the new industries were started with an assorted labour and capital A second cause of a diminution in the nat onal productiveness arising from prove tion, was the loss of wealth which was occasioned! by the necessity of providing a fund, out of which the profits in the protected industries might he made equal to those of the national industries A third loss arose from the decrease in the purchasing power of the consumer, arising from the increase of prices occasioned by protective duties PROTECTION AND PRICES Dealing next with the subject of " protection and prices," Mr WISE said Underlying the argument by which these conclusions were supported was the unexpressed assumption that protection raised prices, an assumption which is so obviously contained within the terms of the proposi- tions submitted about protection that it was not thought necessary to interrupt the argument by an inquiry into its correctness Those however, who have lived in a country where protectionists are active will know that no proposition about commerce or finance is so plain that there will not, be some persons who dispute it, and will not be surprised to learn it is even denied on public platforms and in the columns of party newspapers that protection has the effect of raising prices A few words therefore, as to the effect of protection on prices will not be out of place in a work or argument, which is intended to be of direct practical assistance to those who are engaged in the fiscal controversy "A cry slight reflection will show that if protection does not raise prices it does not effect what is required of it I he competition, against which customs duties are designed to assist the home producer, is the competition of low priced articles Now there cannot for any length of time be two prices ruling at the sa no time in the same market for the same article Therefore, if certain articles can be bought in the open market at a price which will not repay the home producer, no production of these is likely to take place within the country until their price rises to a height which will repay him If, however, the importation of the low priced articles is stopped or if something is added to their price before they are allowed to be landed, their price may be sufficiently raised to make it worth the while of somebody within the country to attempt their production (Cheers) But the hypothesis with which the protectionists start is that foreign competition koopa prices below the level which native capitalists regard as satisfactory If, then, native capitalists do enter the lists of competition, and if they have been previously prevented from doing so by the low price of imported goods they must sell the goods of their own make at a price which is higher than the price of the same quality of goods in the open market in other words since the protectionist assumption is that home production is checked by the low price of imported goods, native home production can only come into existence (if this assumption be true& when prices rise. This conclusion so nearly approaches to a truism that, did not experience teach the contrary, one would have pronounced it impossible that confusion should exist about it even in the minds of those who wish to be confused. ( Applause ) In justice however, to those persons who repeat in an authoritative way the assurance 6t protectionist orators that protection will not raise prices, two facts should be mentioned which have given the statement a semblance of truth These are the universal fall in prices which has taken place during the last 30 years, and the fall which often takes place in the price of a particular article, in consequence of the competition of protected manufacturers one with the other The fall in prices, which is the marked commercial feature of the last 30 years, has been due to many causes, which it is not necessary to enumerate here the chief of these ' being the wonderful improvement in every process of manufacture, and in the means of transport This fall, however, has occurred contemporaneously with the introduction into many countries of protective duties, consequent upon the revival of militarism, the result of the Franco-Prussian war and has, of course, affected most of the protected articles Uneducated or unthinking persons, noticing that an article has fallen in price since protection was imposed, adopt the familiar fallacy of attributing this to the protective duty, whereas in truth the price would have fallen still lower if the protective duty did not exist (Cheers ). It is, for example, constantly assorted in New South Wales that a duty of 6d per gallon on kerosene, which was imposed many years ago for revenue purposes, but which has now become protective, has had the result of lowering the price of kerosene The price of kerosene has no doubt fallen very much since the duty was imposed, but that has been owing to the Immense discoveries of natural oil wells in America and Southern Russia, and not in any way to the duty. This it made apparent at once by the fact that the price of kerosene at London, Now I work, of Batoum, after deducting freight and charge, is less than its price in Sydney by just the amount of the duty It is indeed, impossible that it should be otherwise The price of an article of universal consumption, such as kerosene, is not likely to be determined, for the whole world, by its once in New South Wales ( Applause A The fall of prices in consequence of internal competition, is another cause which has tended to obscure the operation upon prices of protective duties It cannot be denied that, although the immediate effect of protection must be an increase in prices it is possible that the competition of the home producers, one with the other, may, after a time, become so fierce that prices will fall below their normal level. This, however, although it is a probable i consequence of protection, is by no means necessary; since a ruinous internal competition is generally checked by the facilities for combination which protection offers. In the absence, however, of any combination among the protected manufacturers to keep up prices by restricting their output, a protective tax must in the long run cause excessive production. The home market even in countries the gigantic size of the United States is necessarily more united, than that which is open to a free trade country. Indus- tries, which exist under Freetrade, prove by the very fact of their existence their ability to hold their own against the competition of the world. Industries on the other hand, which require for their support the fostering aid of a protective duty signify by this admission their inability to cope with foreign industries even on their own soil. How, then, can they compete with them in foreign countries ? If the home manufacturer requires to be protected against the foreigner when the foreigner is handicapped by all the cost and charges of transport, how can he hope to undersell the foreigner in a foreign market when he has himself to bear the cost of freight and other charges of exportation ? Nowhere is a manufacturer situated so favourably as in his own market. If, then, under the most favourable circumstances he cannot hold his own against the foreigner, he is not likely to be able to do so in a foreign market, where the circumstances are less favourable to him, and more favourable to his rival. If a protected manufacturer can sell his goods at a profit in a foreign country, it is proof positive that he wants no protection in his own. If, however, he does want protection in his own market and it is on that assumption that the argument is being conducted then he cannot sell his goods abroad except at a loss, and if he does sell flour abroad he must make up his loss by charging more to the persons who have to pay for his protection. Seeing, then, that protection renders no service to an exporting country, and that no country which requires protection can profitably export protected articles', it follows that when the home market of a protected country has been supplied there is no outlet for the surplus products. The consequence must be an immediate fall in prices, which producers will naturally endeavour to prevent. If no arrangement can be come to for the creation of a pool or trust, a cut-throat competition ensues. In either case the result is disastrous. The pool, by annihilating competition within the country, and being protected against competition from outside, has both the labourer and the consumer at its mercy. The only limit to its power of raising prices or reducing wages is the untrustworthiness of its component parts. If high prices tempt some members to secede from the pool, prices may again fall ; but so long us all the members hold together a tyrannous monopoly exists against which resistance is impotent. If no pool is formed and a war of prices ensues, the workman is the first to suffer. Since each producer must undersell his rival, and sure everyone has a surplus of goods for But", no expedient is" spared for cutting down the cost of production; and the first item of this cost which is sure to attract attention is the wages of labour. If the native- born labourer will not accept a reduction, his place will be supplied by imported labourers from the most poverty-stricken countries in the old world. This has been the in- variable course of protection in new countries. At first prices rise, and all goes well in the protected trade. The rise of prices soon attracts other capitalists to take their share of the plunder, which the law allows them. In time comes over-production and a glutted market. There is no outlet abroad, for protection has destroyed the trade with foreign countries; yet the goods which are constantly increasing have to be disposed of. Prices are then reduced and wages are cut down; strikes occur, and mills are closed ; distress and famine at last cause outbursts of violence, which attract public notice and compel the manufacturers to combine together. A new period of combination is then entered upon, the end of which no one can foresee; but which in its inception has riveted the fetters of poverty' upon the poor more firmly than over, and given to the possessor of wealth wider opportunities for the tyrannous exercise of power then wore over dreamt of by despotic rulers." (Applause PUFF. TRADE AND PRICES. The hardiest advocate, continued Mr. Wise, of a restricted commerce huR never had the courage to assert that from trade raised prices ; the charge against a policy which permits free exchange has always been the opposite This abhorrence of cheapness appears to be due, in a large degree, to the false idea that a low level of prices must be associated with a low rate of wages-a misconception of facts, which is among the earliest as it is the longest-lived of economic errors. The true relation between prices and wages will be the subject of inquiry when the effect of free trade upon the distribution of wealth comes under review, but such an inquiry is foreign to the scope of an argument directed only to the working or a fiscal policy within the field of production. (Hear, hear.) The exact relation between prices and production is both intricate and obscure. The Economist says, and says unanswerably, that there can be no such thing as excessive cheapness, because the cheaper things become the greater the number of people who will buy them. The practical man of business, on the other hand, asserts, and brings forward facts in support of his assertion, that falling prices always check protection. (Applause.) What is the explanation of this difference of opinion, and what is the truth. A low level of prices may be due to one or more of three causes, namely, to a lessened cost of production, to a decreased power of consumption, to a scarcity of gold. Each of those causes acting upon prices may affect the production of wealth in a different way. Low prices, due to a scarcity of gold may at first limit trade, and then abnormally extend it by encouraging inflated credit : low prices, due to a decreased power of consumption give rise to that unhealthy over-production from which the industrial body is only relieved by the drastic remedy of a i commercial crisis. Low prices, however, which are due" to the lessening of the cost of production, are a healthy stimulus to the productive power of the human race. These differences in the causes of low prices are generally overlooked by those who raise an outcry against cheapness. This has been notably the case during the extraordinary industrial depression which prevailed over all parts of the civilised world during the six years. 1883 to 1888. This depression was unparalleled in history, both in its extent and its duration, and it was, moreover, accompanied by a large and rapid fall in prices. The consequence has been a revival of the old fallacy that "Low prices make low wages" and an onslaught on the free trade doctrine that a cheapening of prices is for the general advantage. The circumstances, however, of this unprecedented and disastrous period afford no test for the guidance of voters in choosing between fiscal policies, and certainly throw no discredit on the teachings of free trade. On the whole, free-trade countries came best out of the ordeal, but all suffered terribly. The courses were complicated, and perhaps impossible to trace. One fact, however, is certain, that all the three causes which have been mentioned as affecting prices were at work simultaneously, with the result that in 1886 prices had fallen 36 per cent, below the average rate of 1873. and that thin fall continued until the middle of 1888, when it received a check. It would fall outside the scope of this address to examine in detail the many causes which have been believed to have originated or prolonged this great depression. I may, however, mention that the report of the Washington Labour Bureau for 1880 classifies the causes assigned for industrial depressions by witnesses before Congressional committees of inquiry under 180 heads. Freetraders will learn with pleasure that free trade was not considered to be the only cause of industrial evils. Some witnesses attributed them also to the use of tobacco, others to the neglect of female education. I only call attention to this now in order to illustrate the danger of indulging in generalisations upon the effect of low prices. Low Prices may be both the cause and the effect of increased production. When the low prices are caused by an increase in demand, or by a cheapening of the cost of production, they give an immediate stimulus to the productive powers of a community ; but when they are caused by a falling off in the demand without a corresponding diminution in the supply, then they may mark a period both of low wages and small profits. Free trade, however, is, as it has been pointed out, an instrument of production, in that it cheapens and steadies the supply of raw materials, and permits the application of the principle of division of employment to the transactions of international commerce It is, in other words, in itself a form of a cheapened process of production and as it is applicable to every kind of article, it must, therefore, affect prices in that particular way which stimulates production. If the distinctions between the various causes of low prices have been correctly followed, and if the fact is once admitted that all these causes have been at work during the last six years, the futility of the protectionist alarm lest commodities should be too cheap in consequence of free trade will be at once apparent. Looking at cheapness simply as an influence upon production, we can say with car trinity, that a cheapness of the sort induced by free trade, namely, a cheapness which arises from the use of a wider area of production and a freer interchange of goods, can never be excessive. Whether it over happens that a cheapness arising from this cause can (as protectionists assert) so diminish employment that higher prices would be an advantage to the labouring classes, because they would be accompanied with more work, will be matter of inquiry when we come to deal with the influence, of protection in reducing wages. For the present, treat- ing the question merely as one of production, it must be apparent that a low level of prices, arising from a cheapening of the processes of manufacture, stimulates the productive power. The majority of mankind is still so far beneath the level of its aspirations in its I enjoyment of material comforts, and the desires of all men are so constantly enlarging, that no definable liTiit can be placed to the extension of the present demand for the necessaries and the luxuries of life. All that can be said is, that, in respect of any particular article, the actual limit of demand is the price at which it can be profitably produced and that, while everything which tends to lower the price of remunerative production, increases demand, | everything which increases demand vessels in turn upon prices by causing production upon a larger scale, and thus economising cost Or, if this is thought by those who believe in the theory of protection to be too abstract and vague, let them arrive at the same conclusion by asking themselves two simple questions,-" Would they think it an advantage if other countries were to give I us everything we wanted, and took nothing in ox a change r" If the reply is in the affirmative, then let I ask-" Whether, if a gift of everything we want is now nnhgoo is a gift of a part is not also adv outrageous ."' The difference between a free gift and a reduced price is only one of degree (Cheers ) FREE TRADE AND WAGES. Taking up next the subject of free trade and wages, he submitted that by the natural productiveness free trade gave larger amount to be divided between work men and ample room, and so tended to raise wages It could not certainly lesson wages merely because it increased the sum to be distributed in wages Mr Wise went on to refer to the question of prices and wages DO HIGH lllIOKS MAKE HIGH WAGES? We are now, said Mr Wise, outside the citadel of the restrictions and in the very centre of the battle the true relation between prices and wages is the deforming issue of the fiscal controversy Low prices are to the own of the protectionist the true cause of low wages According to this theory, they prevent the est blishment of new industries and restrict the development of those which are already in existence by compelling manufacturers to exercise such great economies in production that the wages of the labourer are reduced to the lowest possible rate (Hear, hear.) He proposes, therefore to raise prices by the operation of Customs duties To the argument that this may press hardly upon slender purses, he has the ready reply that " it is much more important to the workman to have large wages than cheap commodities that cheapness destroys employment because commodities cannot be cheapened without somebody suffering that commodities may he too cheap when they are below the price at which our people can make them profitably that in short, we must be careful lost, in our regard for the interests of consumers who sacrifice the interests of producers " Such arguments really rust on the assumption that high prices make high wages, and low prices make low wages Is this assumption true either in fact or theory * (Applause It has been already pointed out that prices may be raised in two wave, either by increasing the demand for goods or by diminishing their supply and it has been shown that a rise in prices which results from an increased demand is often accompanied by an increase in wages but this is not the way in which protectionists propose to raise prices Their plan is to a strict supply (Cheers ) They want to keep out the goods which are supplied from abroad in order to compel their follow citizens to purchase those which are made at home What is this but to substitute an artificial scarcity for a natural abundance (hear hear) And what is the whole argument against the low prices which are caused by the competition of foreign countries but a repetition of the arguments of those who fought against the introduction of machinery ' (Hear, hear ) Free trade is merely a down for cheapening the process of production in its operation it may interfere with certain kinds of labour, and may possibly destroy some industries but has not the invention fit every new mach no the same effect in a greater or less degree ? (Cheers ) The power loom throw thousands of hand loom weavers out of work by reducing the price of vi oven goods but did the wages of weavers fill in consequence of did the of additions gain advantage by breaking their plan of thomaohmery i TI at the Ludditos were true protectionists (Cheers ) They, too, argued that employment was better than cheapness and that the producer ought not to be sacrificed to the consumer and they, too, like their modern representatives ignored the interest of any section of the public but their own (Cheers ) Hav e timnB changed in thereto t andean it be that scarcity is now a gre its r benefit to labourers than abundance i Can the limitation of supply raise vvngcB through the agency of pris i C rarely, the man who makes the assertion that this can be, starts, as Sir T Farmer points out, with a strong presumption against him. He cannot by " any of the laws which he proposes, add one iota to the productive powers of the world. He cannot add in men to the brain of the thinker a man to to the arm of the work or, a fertilising ingredient to the soil All his implements are fetters on free action or weapons of destruction To suppose that by preventing men from using their natural powers and satisf, ing their natural desires, you can increase their car city for production, and for earning wages b, prod action is in the highest degree i in visible tHeir, boat ) Such an assumption is not only improbable, it is contrary to fact The theory that " high prices make high wages " is in flat contradiction to nil experience Cobden showed it to be palpably untrue by once modern instance that was open to examination I he of its of to day, disprove it to anyone who chooses to investigate them and the records of six centuries have recently borne witness to the Raine effect Yet this vam slid baseless theory, 0,0!, ed out of the selfish imaginings of interested persons, still continues its delusive hold upon the minds of many working-men I of us test it first by reference to facts Professor Thorold Rogers than whom no one can speak with greater authority (hear, hear) - has rex ently published an inquiry, into the condition of the English working-classes from the earliest times of which we have authentic race rd under the title of " Six Centuries of Work and Wages " Nothing is recorded in this work which has not been taken from contemporary do amounts with the result that all readers of the English language have before them now a complete and exact account of the in s, amounts of wages and prices during the last 600 years I quote the following pass age -"As therefore wages do not rise with prices, no mine against labour is more in serious than any expedients adopted on the part of Government which tend to raise prices Unluckily for them many "working people have been misled by, interested sophistry into believe me that high prices for employers mean good wages for workmen I do not deny that if an artificial stimulus is given to some particular industry, the demand for the produce of which is limited but continual and the craftsmen in which are also limited, such a calling may got embraced wages for a short time But others soon crowd into the calling and very speedily the thing is made dearer and the producer remains no better off having lost in the interval the knowledge which competition ghost as to the best conditions under which industry can be exercised But it is idle to argue that such an artificial stimulus can be given to every, kind of industry As, ore it universal the country would be debarred from all intercourse with foreign commerce, and the legislature would raise a block ida round the ports far more effective than an, thing which the most successful belligerent could enforce If it be partial, it will either affect all consumers or some If all, it induces a universal s Treaty without benefiting any one for internal competition is sure to do its work on profits and wages if some, it simply narrows the area of consumption, and with even more rapid results on profits and wages" These elementary, prm rules which one is almost ashamed to allege could be illustrated by a thousand facts Surely if the protectionist theory were true, such an examination as this would furnish some facts in its support It furnishes none Every piece of testimony is the other way Wages have not risen with prices, and they have not fallen when prices bec uno low On the contrary Mr Rogers, summing up the results of his investigations into the fluctuations of prices and wages during those six centuries, lays it down as a universally, that "wages have always increased abso- lutely e in their money amount-androlamol, -t c in their purchasing power when prices were low " (Hear' hear) Modern experience tells the same story "Do you think " said Cobden in the House of Commons on February 21th 1842, " that 110 fallacy of 1810, which I heard put forth so boldly last week, that "ages rose and fell with the price of bread, can now prevail in the minds of working-men after the experience of the last three, oars Has not the price of land been higher during that time than for any three consecutive years for the last 0 j ears And yet trade has suffered a great decline in every branch of industry during this period than in any preceding three, years Still there are hon. gentlemen on the other side of the House with the reports of committees in existence and before them proving all this prepared to support a bill which in their ignmaneo-for I cannot call it anything else they believe "will keep up the price of labour " Later in the same speech Mr. Condon referred to manufacturing wages -" Have low "ages," he said, ever proved the prosperity of our manufactures? In every period when "ages have dropped it has been found that the manufacturing interest dropped d also and I hope that the manufacturers will have credit for taking a rather more enlightened view of their own interests than to conclude that the impoverishment of the multitude who are the great consumers of all they produce, would even tend to promote the prosperity of our manufacturers I will tell the House that by deteriorating that population of which they ought to be so proud, they will run the risk of spoiling not merely the animal but the intellectual creature and that it is not a potatoe fed race that will over lead the way in any, arms or Commerce to have a useful and a prosperous people we must take care that they are well led " The figures of English agriculture tell the same store During the present century the price of coin has fulton from 28s to 30s a quarter, yet the wages of the agricultural labourer, reckoned in money, are almost a third more than they were 90 years ago while his real wages have increased even more owing to the greater cheapness of everything he buys It would be wearisome to cite many other instances in contradiction to the improved assertion of protectionists that wages and prices rise and fall together It is for them to bring forward proofs and illustrations in support of so incredible a proposition, One further example may, however, be pardoned on account of its instructive chart tor The economic conditions of- Vic team and New "South Wales are as nearly similar as those of any two countries can be, except that Victoria is a strictly protected country, while New South Wales has almost it free-trade tariff Prices of "protected" articles are higher in Victoria than those of the same as it lost in New South Wales According to the protectionist theory, wages in Victoria should be Inglis- also Yet, so far as there is a difference in the 1 uses of w ages in the two colonies, it is in favour of New South Wales (Cheers ) I In shirt, the protectionist assertion that wages and prices rise and full together, cannot bear the test of argument. It is indeed disproved by, so many facts, that were it not for the extraordinary influence of this delusion, we might fairly decline to discuss it until some instance was brought forward in its favour. Unfortunately, such is the nature of the controversy between protection and free trade, that facts are seldom accorded their due weight on either side, but it may be doubted whether there is any feature in the protectionist revival more surprising than that any number of persons at the pr cent day should believe that v uses v ii by with face ; when they cannot be shorn to have happened in any single instance, and when the mci rda of industrial history point unanimously to the opposite conclusion It must remain one of the marvels of I human credulity that persons not deficient in intelligence, should have ere hence to the bare assertion of interested parties that '. high prices make high wages " when an unbroken record of ex, press of proves the contrary (Hear, hear ) We have hitherto been using the term wages with reference to the whole community, and not to any particular trade This is the sense in which the term is used when appeals are made to the patriotism of consumers to submit to a rise in prices for the purpose of raising wages Cortomlv, such an appeal is never intended to be understood with reference only to wages in protected trades Even a protectionist might shrink from asking a community to tax itself for the benefit of the workmen in a few industries. Yet it cannot be denied that a rise in prices such as protection must cause, may for a time rise wages in the particular trade which is protected It does not follow that this will be the necessary result of the protective duty , but if the result of the duty is to shut out foreign competition, and if the home producers are unable to meet the demands of the local m market, and if the supply office particular kind of labour which is required cannot be immediately satisfied, the artificial suavity which is created by protection may cause a temporary rise of wages in one or more of the protected trades. This would unquestionably be an advantage to some classes of wage earners, but from the very nature of its origin it cannot be permanent (Hear, hear.) I he transference of labour from one industry to another is much more rapid than it used to be and there are now few manufacturing processes which cannot in their simpler stages be conducted by any person of ordinary intelligence This important difference between manufacturing and other pursuits is often overlooked by thereabouts advocate of manufacturers An agricultural labourer, a seaman, a clerk, an artisan many of the building trades, or a handicraftsman of whatever nature, has to learn his business by a long apprenticeship (Hear, hear.) The man who attends to a machine can almost learn FMS business in a week (Hear, hear) It is true to it the higher processes of manufacture require both skill and taste but they will give employment to a small number compared with the large number of unskilled hands ' who perform the chief of the work (Hear, hear) It follows from there cra siderations that any sudden rise of wages in one trade is likely to attract labourers very rapidly from others and that this information will be strongest toward" those branches of employment which require the least skill (Hear hear.) The consent once of mon thus crowding- from other on upstairs into the protected trades would be that the wages of the less skilled labourers would soon fell to their former level. IS or are the more skilled members of the trade likely to enjoy the benefits of their position for any great length of time. The smallness of the community in which protection is now being tried, makes the competition among skilled labourers even more severe than it is among the unskilled. Unskilled workman in young colonies can always command good wages in any occupation requiring physical strength Skilled workmen, on the other hand whether under protection or freetrade are not so well off as they are in England The smallness of the scale upon which business must be carried on in a small community prevents that subdivision of employment under which a man's peculiar talents acquire a special value. WugOR of 20s , 20s and 40s a day, such as Sir Lowthian Bell mentions as the rate for certain classes of workmen in the ship-building and iron trades in the North of England, are unknown in Aus tralia (hear, hear-and it is no uncommon thing to find among the passengers of the homeward-bound st( amers skilled English artisans, who are returning to England because they cannot make the high vases that they used to earn, in any part of Australia not even in protectionist Victoria. (Hear, hear.) In these colonies manufacturers can only give a limited employment to any class of labourers, and that of those whom torpedo employ only a small number require any special skill or to sining." Now the skilled artisan is just the person who emigrated most readily, as he has both the means to take this step and the intelligence to appreciate its advantage. Consequently, most young countries have a superfluity of skilled manufacturing labour, while if there should not be any trade for which skilled labour was not available at a low price, nothing would be easier than for the "protected" manufacturer to import as much as he required. Accordingly, whatever may be the effect of protection in raising prices in a particular trade, the wages in that trade are not likely to rise for any appreciable length of time. They will be kept down both by the commoners of the home labour market, and the facility with which the manufacturers will be able to import labour from other countries. There is, however, another consideration which should not be overlooked in considering the effect of prices upon wages and that is, the difference between " nominal " and " real " wages. Very slight reflection will show that a rise in the money value. of wages is of small advantage if the purchasing power of money is diminished. If a sovereign under protection only goes as far as this. under free trade, the workman whose wages are raised from 1 'is. to 18s. is worse off by 2s. a week than he used to be. This diminution in real wages must not be forgotten by those who are attracted by the prospect of an immediate increase in their money wages. Prices will not be allowed to rise in one industry only. Protection will never be submitted to unless itR nnficinetpd benefits are shared by all alike. And, in fact, this is the scheme of the protectionists-to protect everything ! (Hear, hear.) Buoyed up by their belief in the ability of governments to regulate the price of goods and labour, the protectionists are ready to apply their nostrum to every form of industry, and indignantly repudiated the charge of wishing to confer a favour upon special trades. TInvn they protected the native industry of iron producing ? They will admit that by doing so they have inflicted hardship upon everyone who has to purchase iron, _ such as machinists, boilermakers, engineers, shipbuilders. c, to. Spping then that they have made iron scarce and dear, they are willing to go further, and lay a duty on the importation of every substance made of iron." By this means, they (say, the makers of ironware of every sort will be able to recoup themselves for the higher price of their raw material by charging higher prices to their own customers (Laughter.) But here a new injustice would arise if our protectionists were not so careful and farsighted. The con- sumers of iron goods of all sorts the manufacturers and householders will need boilers, fenders, pots, pans, and ironware of every kind are they to go without protection ? They are hindered in their laudable desire to foster native industry by the high prices they have to pay for their requisites of production ! Let them, have the protectionist accordingly obtain a tax to raise the price of all the PI M"R which they produce, and if, directly this complicated business is concluded, there should prop up another lot of patriotic natives eager to have their industry fostered, let them, too, obtain a tax even as the ironware makers. So the proposed continues Every man who can produce, or thinks he of an produce, an article which is imported, is, under the protectionist creed, entitled to a duty. No wonder that the politician who may have started on his career with the intention of protecting iron and nothing can, soon, in a despair of pu/!'.le-hpn''>dnoss, cries out with iron producers, from labourers, from consumers, and all the doluding and deluded crowd, " Protect not only iron, but coal, cotton, bread, meat, tobacco, clothing, china, protect everybody and everything that every one may have the pleasure of robbing his neighbour to distribute to the poor, that the laying gooKO may be destroyed and one golden egg divided. (Cheers.) "If you tax corn," says Sir T. Farrer, "you must tax flour and everything kinds of corn; if you tax sugar, you must tax biscuits and jams; if you tax salt, you must tex chomicalH ; if you tax chemicals, you must tax dyed goods ; if you tax leather, you must tax boots, shoes, gloves, harness, and gearing; if you tax wool, you must tax yarns and woollen goods ; if you tax yarn, you must tax cloth and silk: if you tax iron or steel, you must tax everything made of iron and steel from a ship to an umbrella." (near, hear.) Generous indeed as is the impulse which leads the advocate of a restricted commerce in a young country to demand that protection should be given equally to everyone, it is to be feared that this all-round system differs only from that which they so boastfully desiRe in some more unjust and more impolitic (Hear, ! hear.) Could such a system be carried out in its on throw it would result in a rise of nominal price, which I would leave the road rewards of labour exactly as they were. (Applause.) But the fundamental objection to a system of all-round protection is its complete impracticability. (Hear, hear.) The large majority of portions in any community can never be protected. (Hear, hear.) A large portion of a nation must be consumers, rather than producers and on Ruch people protection weighs with all its disadvantages, without being able to confer upon them even an imaginary benefit. (Applause.) All those who are engaged in rendering service. to make life and property secure-such as judges, soldiers, police, and civil servants, in all their infinite I variety- cannot fail to suffer unless with every rise in prices their fixed salaries are atHO raised. (Hear, hear.) Another class which can receive no benefit is that which is engaged in what Mill calls, in the widest sense of the term ''unproductive" labour, whose duties might be better dod ned by borrowing from Bastial-" services tmmadrifh." This class comprises domestic servants, lawyers, clergy, BohoolmnRtors, authors, artists, and all kinds of .' professional men " Neither does the class of retail dealers receive from the system anything but injury. If we use " retail dealers" in its widest sense. to mean all who are concerned merely with the distribution of wealth, this class will comprise bankers brokers, merchants (both wholesale and retail), railway servants, Btiamon, wharf labourers, carriers, and many others. There is yet a fourth class to whom protection brings more hardship than aid, comprised of all whose products are immediately consumed upon the spot, such as caterers, masons, carpenters, blacksmiths, gardeners bakers, butchers Le In short, one may say that all those whose services 01 trades are such that they can never fear the completion of the foreigner are directly injured by a system of protection (Applause ). It is worthy of note, in conclusion that the argument that protection ought to be supported because rniBiDj? prices it will raise wages is entirely inconsistent with the argument Hut protection ought t I supported because it will in the 1 at, run bind rriciftdiwn No one who has been actively engaged in a campaign against protection would f< > 1 surprise at noticing that any two protectionist arguments were mutually destructive but for the benefit of those who appear fortune has led them into ot) el pit! t ii i, be men- tion! d that the two organ oats rest ever intended to be addressed to the same millions of laughter and Hear hear") The nations that protection will raise wages b, raiRinir price s is for the exclusive use of the working-classes (Hear, hear) While the argument that protection will lower prices is a loser, on with care carefulness for the voter with a fixed income (Hear hear) The work in classes are, however the power behind all notices and it was with the arguments intended for their ears that freetraders have the more to do In spite, therefore, of the fact that there no, or h is been nor can be a general rise in wages in consequence of a rise in prices rose leaves from a diminution of six oh, the idea that the centres is positive of 1-. so deeply, roofed inthe minds of many Aiirk nature that no excuse is needed to devoting further time to its conMCior-tion I of us assume, then, for the sake of HIt, lament, that the high prices c caused by protection can cm of in increase of "cases, where does the money on near me to pay) the increased if ever, he, has to go, on ore for what he says, he comes there to be a li-" r s II i a tillable for wages? By whose labour is it crime'-' These are questions which go to the root of li) prnteitunist argument How surprise tionirtsBuc o" I in showering them will be the next inquiry BOYS MORE 101st III As Ollie ItrtFT J In conclusion Mr ffm said w h ' open the protectionists from r mer to corner until the, stood in this position "Trip " they said "'hitnrofx-tionraises prices true that it dmvB labour in a canter up to in dustries "in li they would not enter it left to themselves true that high prices will it cause an all-round rise in the rate of "HEICS but TV-vprtbelcHR the eticouraL,ci/out it gives to the starting of ' new industries he increases the demand or labour that the wage earning classes in her jr action even in the unprotected industries in a letter able to pay high prices than the same CIOHB under free trade is able to pay low prices In other "words the, said protection worth give more "work, and if more and more work they would have more mine, It v may be seen that this was more a statement of fact fh man near meat For the sake of argument he would admit that come here or other In some unknown country, stowed away in some unknown rep t compile! by some unknown man there any evidence in support of this protectionist theory and asKiiuiuir this he would proceed to consider whether or not as a matter of theory it as fine although for his own part he preferred to study men and ringlets rather than books and maxims (Hear hear) The protectionist said that protection would give employment He admitted it and he would give an instance of it. We all knew that in some countries kerosene bubbled up from the ground like spring water All a man had to do who "wanted it was simply to dip a pannikin info the world But that was not what jrotecnomets liked. A, hat employment was there in dipping a pannikin into a running stream t 1 he protectionist looked round and in his wisdom said -"We can get kerosene by squeezing it from clay in a costly and laborious process This is a thing to give employment. Shut out the natural oil, he said "because there is not sufficient employment in getting it and put on a tax which will not out men to work and find employment at squeezing oil from clay" Applause ) He admitted at once that if this duty were taken off, in all probability persons who were now engaged in, squeezing oil from else, would have to find some other occupation and therefore to that extent he admitted that protection in this instance had given em- patient But let them look a little further The persons "who were employed in squeezing nil from the clay had to be paid by some one AA he paid them than I The mount of kerosene imported last year realised in round numbers about £25 000 in duly. A little more than half the kerosene consumed in this country was importe 1 The price of kerosene in this colony was by the amount of duty, 6d. per gallon dearer than it was outside the colony And therefore, the increased cost to the home- made kerosene and they would find that between £45 000 and £50,000 were taken from the pockets of the miner and the selector and the poorer classes of the community, who did not live within reach of the luxury of ens, in order to find these men employ, mont ( Applause A Voice " Oil is cheaper now ") He admitted oil was cheaper but it would be a great deal cheaper if the duty was not there (Renewed applause ) Now that he had admitted that protection gave employment to these men he desired to ask his protectionist friends to admit also that £10 000 was rather a high price to pay for their employment (Applause 1 How many men did they think wore on ployed by this expenditure Last year there were 219 -(aoplnuse)-or in round numbers SOO If they wanted to keep these men in employment there was no particular reason wh, they should be employed in this special industry If it was essential to the national welfare that these men should be kept in employment, why not ask Air M 'Millan to put a sum on the estimates to give them 6s per day for the rest of their natural lives (Applause ). If they would only son sonttolneon the public charity openly instead of in this disguised manner something like £10,000 a your "ould bosn,odto recounts, (Applause ) Did it not amount to this, that protection meantonoclassof the community living at the expense of another (Hear hear ) He ventured to think when this clear meaning of protection was driven home to the minds of the working classes of a free country, they would refuse to become supplicants for public than ty They would say "We are perfectly able to make our own living and we don't want anyone to contribute to our support " (Applause ) That was a manly view and worthy every free citizen, and that "as the view the bulk of the cities of this community were ready to take (Ap- plause ) T home need be no fear if men rollo in this way on their natural manhood that our manufactories would not grow Decry, disparage, and deny the figures of our progress as they pleased, the country, in 1st recognise that the manufacturing progress, of the colony during the last 15 years had been something unparalleled in the history of industrial pursuits If he held fast to our policy of freedom we should take that place in munuffic tines which was our natural destiny owing to the physical conditions of the country. We admitted readily, enough that protection might o raise our manufactures to be more numrom but we said as freetraders that we did not regard it as a good thing that a community with our manufacturing resources should he distributed among numerous shallow pools which o, upon acted before the heat of the hammer We rather wished to collect and husband them in the RE deep and hospitable reservoirs which were the formation of industry, intelligence, and freedom. (Loud cheers s ) At the conclusion of Mr Vivian's speech the chairman called on Mrs Vivian who delivered a short address, giving a woman's opinions on the subject of free feed of Mr H J Biiov,v also addressed the meeting, and then Mr M'Millan proposed a vote of thanks to the speakers Mr W R Riley seconded the vote of thanks, which was carried with acclamation, and the meeting then terminated with cheers for the Queen 