IN SANDHURST. The following article headed " In Sand- hurst" recently appeared in the "Argus," and are the continuation of a series of articles having reference to the Sandhurst district:— Dr. Lang blames Sir George Gipps for the absence in all our cities and towns, from Portland to Brisbane, of anything like pub- lic squares and pleasure grounds, centrally, situated. And in the main the old doctor is right. There are no public squares in the towns established in his time, and he did not propose that there should be any, not being much of a sanitarian, and having no desire either to squander land or make opportunity for " seditious gathering." Sandhurst, how- ever, came after Sir George had departed, and yet its reserves and gardens were not obtained by any pre- ordination of man, but but by a concurrence of peculiar and lucky circumstances. Commissioners Gully and Bendigo Creek, with their banks, were so fearfully overturned in the digging days that no commissioner thought of selling and no citizen of buying them as private estate. The town grew about them on either side, and they were left wildernesses, till the idea oc- curred to some man of more than ordinary mind to make them into public gardens. Once conceived, the idea was instantly adop- ted. Designs were prepared, work begun, and so vigorously pushed on that now, almost divi- ding the city, there are 68 acres of pleasure grounds running across a little spur and fil- ling two gullies. Patches of grass, alterna- ting with beds of flowers, fair sized lakes, making large rays of light, trees planted with much labour, taste, and skill overshadowing even the bare faces of the sandstone rock, and growing to noble proportions in the made lands of the gullies. They are beautiful gardens, and with many characteristics of their own. Their entrance is within a stone's throw of the principal hotels fronting " Charing Cross." Rightalong- side is "The Mall." The entrance is by sufficiently noble gates, and the surroundings immediately within are exactly similar to those which would be found in any other Australian garden. The abundant winter growth of grass, the frequent pines, the elms and oaks in the bareness of winter, the odd rose on the bush that has be- come almost evergreen, the veronica and the daphne making all the still air sweet. But a walk of a hundred yards discovers objects very Australian, and consequently new and strange to the British or foreign visitor. As, for example, behind, but rising far above, a clump of trees, there is seen the tall shaft of an engine-house. This is the working station and plant of the "Sandhurst City," now, like many another, driving away far underground seeking for a new cap of the old reef. With- in would be found some of the best modern mining machinery. It is not very busy just now, and not half so interesting to one new to digging as another sight to be seen only a little farther on. This the creek not by any means a lovely creek. It is walled in—it would be much more sightly, more agreeable to eyes and to nose if also walled over. Down in its deep broad bed meanders a sluggish stream compounded of mountain water, min- ing sludge, and city sewage. It is not to be supposed that this is to be set up as a typical Australian creek. It is, indeed, a spoiled creek which might be and should be repaired and restored to its original condition. But how the "new chum" must stare when he steps out of his hotel, crosses the road, and stands on the bridge, to see a dozen or a score of men working down there just as his father or grandfather might have done five-and-thirty years ago, as they tell us Sir Henry Loch did, and Lord Salisbury did, and Lord Sherbooke and Henry Kingsley, with many others whose name and frame have since gone abroad in the world. They are up to their knees in water, they have sluicing-boxes, cradles, tubs, and dishes. They are rooting up the bottom and turning it over once more. But, ah ! what different work is theirs to that of the old time. A heap of washdirt then might contain a fortune, and it would be a poor day's work that did yield a few ounces. Now the most that is hoped for is a speck, a few "weights" in the week amongst a party, no hope of more than moderate wages, and no certainty of that. If a man should offer the unemployed in Melbourne such work as those men are doing in the Sandhurst garden he would be voted a tyrant and a dog fit to be hanged, drawn, and quartered, or to be tied up to a stake and burned. And yet they toil away consent, and pay the corporation a trifle for the privilege of doing so. We may pass on from them to the fernery. A very creditable and pleasant institution this —a ferntree gully brought up from the wilds of Gippsland, and planted fair in the centre of Sandhurst, the hot city of the plains. An abundant supply of Coliban water keeps it fresh and vigorous, and in summer time the fern fronds form an under canopy, the almost impenetrable screen of the willows making a heavy shed above. Through the willows shoot up tall saplings of light-wood and hazel and mountain ask, brought up in the trunk of the ferns, and making wonderful growth. In years to come, the curator tell us, he hopes to be able to thin out the willows, and to show an absolutely perfect patch of Australian bush, a gully of sassafras, hazel, lightwood, and fern, green and cool as nyd had all the year. There are, however, a few features rather saddening in the lower Botanic- gardens about the White Hills, a few facts which even those who contemplate orchard and vineyard plant- ing will do well to investigate with a little care. Amongst grass, flowers, and shrubs, all luxuriant enough, they will notice some of the very finest specimens of willow and pinus in- signos dying or dead. What is the cause ? The curator says the salt water is rising in the soil. Is it not more probable that the deep roots of the trees have touched the strata in which the salt water is held? Trees are dying in places throughout the gardens. It is a serious matter. We will return, however, and cross the ridge, and enter the grounds about the old Commissioners Gully. A peculiar nest of buildings divides garden from garden here. First there is a huge state school, a state school of more than a thousand children right opposite to a Grammar-school, which may contain a hundred. The state school is very gorgeous, the Grammar school very mean. The money expended in architecture in the one, goes as the " tuppence extra for manners" in the other perhaps; but the curator says there are no manners about any of the boys, and the only matter of emulation amongst them is as to which shall do most mischief in the gardens. And it is probably that there will be feud between all generations of curators of tho Sandhurst gardens and of Sandhurst school boys, And yet it should be possible to lick a little better behaviour into the boys for their privileges in the way of sport here are so great that their conduct ought to be exceptionally good. It has before been hinted that it is not good. The curator says the small boys are destructive. Observers on "the Mall" at promenade time can hardly deny that the bigger boys are somewhat rude and loutish, considering courtesy a weakness or a bore. What is it they have lacked —the tuppence extra for manners or for twigs ? Along past the gaol—grim monument in the city's centre—the other gardens are found, and bonny gardens they appeal now in every sense. Here are the large eyes of light, lacking which so many of our larger Australian landscapes have but a dead beauty. Here are lakes, with little islands and grassy fringes. Away down at the White Hills there is a long lake with a boathouse and occasional regattas. But even these lesser pools are de- lightful breaks in the general monotony. Little islands in the centre with all sorts of wild fowl, and the great white swans mingling with our own proper coloured aborigines, Willows everywhere on the low lands and pines on the hills, But there is not that air of tidiness and good order about the place which would be naturally expected, and there is the old familiar reason for its absence. " Lack of fund's," says the curator, "lack of what we should consider fair Government support, and lack, also of that local interest and aid which might be expected." This latter in one or two instances painfully apparent. There just on the borders of one of the upper lakes is a most perfect bowling green and tennis court — room for half a dozen rinks and four courts. Green and courts are freely used and very well kept, but all the surroundings are untidy as the garden of the sluggard. Disgraceful, in fact, to all the players and members of the clubs, who by the most trifling expenditure could keep all their borkers (sic) dainty and neat as the surface of the green. They will not, however; they don't care. "Don't, care" is sadly prevalent in Sand- hurst. It is not like a city where men settle, down to dwell continually. "Good Ben- digonians," they say, "hope when they die to go to St. Kilda," and lucky cases get there without the assistance of death. "Hin??? lacrimœ.'' It is through mending their gardens that they will mend their ways also by-and-by. For beautiful as these gardens are, it must be admitted the fame due to their making must be given chiefly to a generation that is almost past, while the credit for their present curator, Mr. Gadd, who so ekes out a miserable endowment and niggard public contribution as to keep a decent face on the work which was founded and fashioned at a vast cost and by much effort 20 years ago. Townward, eastward or westward, through the gardens while yet the sun is warm, while the old loafer is enjoying his dolce far niente, and thinking, perhaps, of his cold night's sleep, while the little children are feeding the ducks, and the big children are playing lawn tennis on the very spot where was the wildest rush for gold the world has ever seen ; while the old man of fourscore years stands on the Camp Hill, and shades his eyes with his hands, looking southward, living again in the old times, perhaps, and imagining the gleam of the scarlet through thedust as the companies of soldiers marched up Kangaroo Flat, and the 20,000 diggers gathered on that same hill to listen happily to wiser counsels than prevailed at that time on Ballarat. To look in at the curator's fair little home, round about which almost every member of the citron tribe is growing luxuriantly and bear- ing fruit abundantly, where in the aviaries and ferneries wongas and bronze-wings and bower and satin birds, and weavers, doves, and canaries, and innumerable other dainty little creatures live and have their being and appear to enjoy it, and where the dainty flowers and rarer ferns are nursed for the glory of good gardening, and the service of good citizens. Always in Sandhurst get home before the sunset, and with your back to the fire watch the painting on the sky through the open window. A little too far, perhaps, down the main street of Sandhurst there is a very imposing building — a long and lofty Grecian facade, a noble entrance, and a general appearance of solid prosperity. T o what purpose is that dedicated ? asks the visitor approaching, and presently reads with no little surprise, "The Free Library and School of Mines and In- dustries." This seems good indication of a steadfast resolve to make liberal provision for the industrial and intellectual aide of life, and on closer inspection it proves to be just as goods as it looks. It is a large and a comprehensive institu- tion. It combines instruction with amuse- ment. Melbourne folks will understand it better by imagining the Public Library and Picture Gallery, and Athentæm, and Work- ing Men's College, first cut down into Lilli- putian proportions, and then rolled into one. The Sandhurst institution opens from the main vestibule into a very pleasant octagonal library and reading-room, where books are distributed to subscribers, where they may also be read. To the left is the newspaper and magazine room of the subscribers ; to the right a free newspaper and reading room for those who cannot afford to be subscribers. An excellent idea this of the free reading room, and to be commended to the notice of the trustees of our own Public Library. For they also have a very extensive "clientele," who apparently cannot afford to perform many of the ordinary obligations of life, who have little difficulties about soap and towls, (sic) and shoe-strings, and buttons and scissors and razors. It is told, indeed, that these habitues of the Melbourne Public Library have very queer difficulties in connection with their tonsorial arrangements. One of them was missed for a day or two from his sunuy (sic) corner. " What's happened to him ?" asked a friend; and the reply was, " He hadn't seen a razor or a pair of scissors for more than two years, and was afraid they would run him in for vagrancy. He didn't like to walk fifty miles up country and get the shearers to do it for him, so he just gammoned drunk, and got a week, and will be here again to-morrow," There are not many of that stamp, however, even in the free reading- room at Sandhurst. The reading-room and libraries are but a small part of the institution, The talk is of the schools. Seven hundred pupils are receiving instruction in these schools—seven hundred paying pupils—and in addition to these there are the thousands who pick up crumbs of knowledge as they stroll through the museums. Here, as in Ballarat, youths and men are to be seen hailing from all the colonies, learning in the most practical fashion the sciences of geology, mineralogy, chemistry, and metallurgy, labouring away at the furnaces, the laboratory benches, or with the blow-pipe at the gas. Here also are lads learning the handicrafts of carpentry, engineering, curving, metal working, learn- ing, that is, to be in the true sense craftsmen and not mere cogs of factory wheels. Here, a step higher, are boys and girls, and indeed men and women, learning drawing and pain- ting in all their branches. Church windows and engine wheels, plans of batteries and bunches of daisies, venus of Milo and brother Tommy's head, are amongst the copies, and there is one little innovation here in the art section which seems like the beginning of the end of the difficulty about artist's models. " I try to teach them all to draw from life." says the instructor, " to get them to oblige each other by standing, and to bring their little brothers and sisters ; we may get edu- cated models in that way some day." Only when one looks up to that recumbent lady with the butterflies, which once graced the French court of the Centennial Exhibition, and understands the extreme length to which art requiries (sic) her votaries to go, it seems doubtful if many of them will be inclined to persevere. Drawing to be of any use, however, must be drawing from life, or from originals in some sort, and it is encouraging to see the Sandhurst school following in this respect the ideas of the best modern teachers. It is notable, also, that agricultural chemistry finds a place in the curriculum of the college, and somewhat deplorable that this chair is vacant through the resignation of Dr. Burg- hardt, who has been appointed to the newly established School of Mines at Castlemaine. What a buz and clack and clatter there is within the many rooms of the great establishment when in the evening hours it is all busy ! A half-dozen lecturers are talk- ing, a hundred pens and pencils are busy. Below lathes are spinning, wheels flying round, white-hot cruciblus lifted from the furnaces, saws, planes, files, hammers are busy, and by the odours abroad it may be known that the chemical operations are in full blast. It is no mean institution now, and from the building operations in progress it will certainly be much larger by-and-by. Nearly completed is a very large lecture-hall with class-rooms (or teachers' theatres) at- tached, and in continuation of the main facade there is a three-story building with a tower, which will provide accommodation for many students. Thousand — in a tolerably near future, probably more students in the Industrial College of Sandhurst than in the ancient universities of Oxford or of Cam- bridge— thousands of the children of the workers of the land entering in by open doors to all the courts of the palace of learn- ing. A marvellous development truly, and progressing similarly now throughout the British world. Little doubt, indeed, that this is and will be the great college of the future, and good as great in most ways. But how foreign, how far removed from the old idea of cloister, grove and hall! Must we not remember that while this new idea grows and develops and promises by-and-by to illumi- nate whole world, the old idea has it claims, its uses, no less than its privileges and trad- itions? We should hardly expect to meet the shades of Plato of Verulam, of Sophoceles or of Spencer, wandering here; and this world of ours would be appreciably poorer if those dear ghosts should take a final depar- ture. To turn for a moment, however, to the gentler side of this institution, there is a plea- sure in a peep at the picture room, we cannot so far, say gallery, where the nucleus of a collection is now hardly bestowed. The Sandhurst people have subscribed a little amongst themselves, and their subscriptions have been supplemented by some Govern- ment assistance, and taking advantage of the Grosvenor and International Exhibitions they have secured a few good pictures. Enough to instruct the uninitiated youth that there is something more in art than is set forth in advertising almanacs, and to cheer the man of larger ex- perience, whose lot has been cast in the inland city, with scraps at least of the beauties which once surrounded him. All gonour to the cultured and enthusiastic people who laboured to bring this little collection together. And surely there should be much sympathy with them in their hitherto unavailing effort to get a suitable building for their display. Surely this is a matter in which, in these times of surpluses, the Government might aid, and, if money is availabe, there must be good sense enough in the community to get over the little difficulty which exists about the site. Cannot the Sandhurst folks take a leaf out of the Ballarat book and raise an art pavilion in their gardens? Two or three thousand pounds would suffice. Dryness, light, and security against fire are the only essentials, and if the walls looked bare for a while the gardiner could very speedily clothe them with beauty. Money, money, however, is their one want. For college and for laboratories, for teachers and for art galleries, we are crippled and stultified, Mr. Lillie Mackay, the curator, declares, for want of money, and there, of course, begins the old argument of the pro- vincial towns as against the metropolis. It is too long and tedious to enter on seriously, and besides, there is no possibility of finality in it, for you would no sooner get the dif- ferences between Sandhurst, say, and Mel- bourne adjusted, than a half-dozen other claims would be brought, forward from as many townships or villages around. But it may surely be said that there are certain lines along which, in good times, wise ad- ministrators might well be liberal, and two at least are those of technical education and art instruction and encouragement. Both make for good in every way. They tend to develop good citizens in the broadest sense, to make finished craftsmen,thoughtful and perceptive men and women content because appreciative, industrious because all their labour has been made artistic. But in making endowments of this sort some care is required, and there seems not a little danger just now of state funds being wasted through a too wide distribution. With schools of mines and industries at Ballarat and Sandhurst, and possibly at Melbourne, and some centre in the North-Eastern dis- trict, it seems that the colony should be very well provided. But it is now seriously proposed to establish other schools in at least half a dozen other localities. Petty institutions they must ever be with inadequate appliances, and incompetent because poorly-paid teachers. For how can anything like a staff be main- tained on an income of £400 or £600 a year ? A few votes may be captured probably by promising such amounts, but these are not times when Ministers need sacrifice evident duty to the exigences of official existence. 