HE FELL IN LOVE WITH HIS WIFE. BY REV. E. P. ROE CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) Meanwhile she was consumei with curiosity to know something about the ' persons' previously employed and his experience with them. With a momentary, and, as •she felt, a proper pause before descending to ordinary topics, she resumed, • My dear Mr. Holcroft, no doubt it will hp a relief to your overfraught mind to pour into JI sympathetic ear the story of your troubles with those —er—those peculiar females that—er—that'— ' Mra. Mumpeon, it would be a much greater relief to my mind to forget all about 'em,' he replied, briefly. ' Jndctd !' exclaimed f he widow. ' Was they as bad as that I Who'd a thought it! Well, svell, well, what people there is in the world 1 And you couldn.t abide '-eta then ' No, I couldn't.' ' Well now, what hussies they must have been ! And to think you were here all a'one with no better company! It makes my heart bleed. They do Bay that Budget Malony is tqual to any thing,and I've no doubt but that 6he took things and did things.' • Well,she's taken heisclf off, anl that's enough.' !Xhen he groaned inwardly, ' Good Lord ! I could stand her, and all her tribe better'n this one.' 'Yes, Mr. Holcroft/pursued Mrs. Mumpson, sinking her voice.to a loud, confidential whisper, ' and I don't •believe you've any idea how much she took with her. I feat you've been jobbed in allthese vicissitudes. Men never know what's in the houEe. They need caretakers, xespectable women, tl^at would sooner cut out their tongues than purloin. How happy is the change iwhtefa. has been affected! How could you abide -jn- the toufc with such a person as that Bridget Ma- Jony r • ' Well, well, Mis, Mumpson, Bhe abode with herself. I at leaBt had this room in peaces aqd quietness.' ' • . .' 1 • Of course, of course, of course. A person BO Tjttterly unreflpectable wpuld not think of entering this apartment : but then you had to meet her, yoij know. You could not act as if she was not, when she was,and there being so much of her, too. She waB a monstrous looking person. It's dreadful to think that such persona belong to our sex. I don't wonder you feel as you do about, it all. I cpn understand you perfectly. All your senserbleness was offended. You felt that your very home had become sacrilegious. Well, now, I suppose she said awful things to you V Hoi croft could not endure this style of inquisition and comment another second longer. He rose and said, ' Mrs. Mumpson, if you want to know juBt what Bhe did and said you must go and ask her. I'm very tired. I'll go out and see that the stock's all right, and then go to bed.' ' Oh, certainly, certainly,' ejaculated the widow. ' Repose is nature's sweet rester, says the poet. I can see how recalling those dreadful scenes with those peculiar females'—but he was gone. In passing out he caught sight of Jame whisking ack into the kitchen. 'She's been listening,' he thought. 'Well, I'll go to town to-morrow afternoon, get a stove for my room up stairs and stuff the keyhole.' Ho went to the barn and looked with envy at the placid cows and quiet horses. At last, having lingered as long as he could, he returned to the kitchen. Jane had washed and put away the supper dishes after a fashion, and was now sittisg on the edge of a chair in the farthest corner of the room. ' Take this candle and go to your mother,' he said curtly. Then he fastened the doors and put out the lamp. Standing for an instant at the parlor entrance, he added, " Please rake up the fire and put out the light before you come up. Good night.' 1 Oh, certainly, certainly, we'll look after every thing iustas if it was our own. The sense of strangeness will soon pass' — but his steps were half way up the stairs. Mother and daughter listened until they heard him overhead, then taking the candle, they began a most minute examination of everything in the room. Poor Holcroft listened also, too worried, anxious and nervous to sleep until they came up, and all sounds ceased in the adjoining apartment. CHAPTER V. MRS, MlIMrSON TAKES UP HER BCRDEN. The next morning, Holcroft awoke early. The rising sun flooded his plain little room with mellow light. It was impossible to give way to dejection in that radiance, and hope, he scarcely knew why, sprung up in his heart. He was soon dressed, and having kindled the kitchen fire, went out on the porch. There had been a change in the wind during ths night, and now it blew softly from the 60uth. The air was sweet with the indefinable fragrance of spring. The etherial notes of bluebirds were heard on every side. Migratory robins wer<s feeding in the orchard, whistling and calling their noisy congratulations on arriving at old haunts. The frost was already oozing from the ground, but the farmer welcomed the mud, knowing that it indicated a long advance towards ploughing and planting time. He bared his head to the sweet, warm air and took long, deep breaths. 'If this weather holds,'he. muttered. ' I can soon putin some early potatoes on that warm hill-side yonder. Yes, I can stand even her for the sake of being on the old place on mornings like this. The weather'll be getting better every day and I can be out of doors more. I'll have a stove in my room to-night; I would last night if .the old air-tight hadn't given out completely. I'll take it to town this afternoon and sell it for old iron. Then I'll get a bran' new one and put it up in my room. They can't follow me there and they can't follow me out-doora,and so perhaps I can live in peace and work mo3t of the time.' Thus he was murmuring to himself, as lonely people so often do, when he felt that someone was near. Turning suddenly, he saw Jane half-hidden by the kitehen door. Finding herself observed, the girl came forward and said in her brief, monotonous way,— ' Mother'll be down soon. If you'll show me how you waat the coffee and things, I guess I can learn.' ' I guess you'll have to, Jane. There'll be more chance of you teaching your mother than of her teaching you, I fear. But we'll see, we'll see ; it's strange people can't see what's sensible and best for 'cm when they Bee so much.' The child made no reply, but watched him intently as he measured out and then ground half a cup of coffee. ' The first thing to do,' he began, kindly,' is to fill the kettle with water fresh drawn from the well. Never make coffee with water that's been boiled two or thTee times. Now, I'll give the kettle a good rinsing, so as to make sure you start with it clean.' Having accomplished this, he filled the vessel at the well and placed it on the fire, remarking as he did so, ' Vour mother can cook a little, can't she ?' ' What on earth—but there's no useof talking. When the water boils, bubbles up and down, you know, call me. I suppose you and your mother can get tlie rest of the breaklast ?—Oh, good morning, Mrs. Mumpson. I was just showing Jane about the coffee. You two can go and do all the rest, but don't touch the coffee till the kettle boils, and then l'il come in and show you my way, and, if you please,I don't wish it any other way.' • Oh, ccrtainly, certainly,' began Mrs. Mumpson, but Holcroft waited to hear no more. ' She's a woman,' he muttered. ' and I'll say nothing rude or ugly to her, but I shan't listen to her talk half a minute when I can help myself ; and if jshe won't do anything but talk—well,we'll see,we'll see, A few hours in the dairy will show whether she can use anything besides her tongue,' As soon as they were alone Jane turned iiharply on her mother and said,' Now you've got to do something to help. At cousin Lemuel's and othgr places they wouldn't let us help. Anyhow, they wouldn't lot me He spects us both to work, and pays you for it. I tell you agin, he won't let us stay here unless we do. I won't go visitin'round any more, feelin' like a stray cat in every house I go to. You've got to work.and talk less.' ' Why, Jane 1 how you talk ., ' I talk sense. Come, help mc get breakfast.' ' Do you thiuk that'a a proper way for a child to address a parent ?' ' No mitter what I think. Come and help. You'll soon know what he thinks if we keep breakfast waitin'." ' Well, I'll do such menial work until he gets a girl, and then he shall learn that he can't expect one with such respecterble connections'— ' Hope I may never see any oE 'em agin,' interrupted Jane, shortlj-, and then she relapsed into silence while her mother rambled on in her characteristic way, making .Singularly, inapt efforts to pssiat in the task before them. i ' As Holcroft rose from milking a cow he found Jane,beside him. A ghost could tnot have come more Bilenily, and again her stealthy way gave him an unpleasant sensation. ' Kettle is boilin',' she Baid, ana was gone, He shoots: his head and muttered, ' Queer tribe, these Mumpsons. I've only to get an odd fish of a girl to help and I'll have something like a menagerie in the house.' He carried his pails of foaming milk to the dairy, and then entered the kitchen. ' I've only a minute,'he began, hastily, seeking to forestall the. widow. ' Yes, the .kettle's boiling all right. First scald ont the coffee-pot—put three-quarters of a cup of ground coffee into the pot, break an egg into it, so ; pour on the egg and coffee half a CUD of cold water and stir it all up well, this way. Next pour in about a pint of boiling water from the kettle, set the pot on the stove and let it—the coffee, I mean—cook twenty minutes, remember not less than twenty minutes.' I'll be back to breakfast by that time. Now you know just how I want my coffee, don't you?' looking at Jane. Jane nodded.but Mrs. Mumpson began, 'Oh,certainly, certainly. Boil an egg twenty minutes, add half a cup of cold water, and'— ' I know,' interrupted Jane, ' I can always do [as you did," Holcroft again escaped to the barn, and eventually returned with a deep sigh. ' I'll have to face a good deal of her music this morning,' he thought, 1 but I shall hare at least a good cup of coffee to brace me.' Mrs, Mumpson did not abandon the suggestion that grace should be said—she never abandoned anything— but the farmer, in accordance with his purpose to be civil, yet pay no attention to her obtrusive ways, gave no heed to her hint. He thought Jane looked apprehensive, and soon learned the reason. His coffee was at least hot, but seemed exceedingly weak. ' I hope now that it's just right,'said Mrs. Mumpson complacently, ' and feeling sure that it was made just to suit you, I filled the coffee-pot from the kettle. We can drink what we desire for breakfast and then the rest can besetaBide until dinner time and warmed over, Then you'll have it just to suit you for the next meal, and we, at the same time,will be practising econermy. It shall now be my great aim to help you econermize. Any coarse,menial hands can work, but the great thing to be considered is a caretaker, one who, by thoughtfulness and the employment of her mind, will make the labor of others affective.' During this speech, Holcoft could only stare at the woman, The rapid motion oE her thin jaw seemed to fascinate him, and he was in perplexity over not merely her rapid utterance, but also the queries. Had she maliciously spoiled the cyffee ? or didn't she know any better? ' I can't make her out,' he thought, but she shall learn that I have a will of my own,' and he quietly rose, took the coffee-pot and poured its contents out of doors ; then went through the whole process of making his favourite beverage again, saying coldly, ' Jane, you had better watch close this time. I don't wish any one to touch the coffee pot but you.' Evea Mrs. Mumpson was a little abashed by his manner, but when he resumed his breakfast she speedily recovered her complacency and volubility. 'I've always heard.'she said, with her little cackling laugh, ' that men would be extravagant, especially in some things. There are some things they're fidgety about and will have just so. Well, well,who has a better right than a well-to-do, fore-handed man? Woman is to complement them an.- and-it should be her aim to study • the great—the great—shall we say reason,for her being7 which is adaptation,' and she uttered the word with feeling, assured that Holcroft could not fail of being impressed by it. The poor man was boPing such food as had been prepared in his haste to get away. 1 Yes,' continued the widow, ' adaptation is woman's mission and'— • Really, Mrs. Mumpson, your and Jane's mission this morning will be to get as much butter as possible out of the cream and milk on hand. I'll set the old dog on the wheel, and start the churn within half an hour,' and he rose with the thought, ' I'd rather finish my breakfast on milk and coffee by and by than stand this. And he said, ' Please let the coffee be until I come in to show you about taking out and working the butter.' The scenes in the dairy need not be dwelt upon. He saw that Jane might be taught, and that she would probably try to do all that her strength permitted. It was perfectly clear that Mrs. Mumpson was not only ignorant of the duties which he had employed her to perform, but that she was also too preoccupied with her talk and notions of gentility ever to learn. He was already satisfied that in inducing him to engage her, Lemuel Weeks had played him a trick, but there seemed no other resource than to fulfil his agreement. With Mrs. Mumpson in the house, there seemed lesB difficulty in securing and keeping a hired girl who, with Jane, might do the essential work. But the future looked so unpromising that even the strong coffee could not sustain his spirits. The hopefulness of the early morning departed, leaving nothing but dreary uncertainty. Mrs. Mumpson was bent upon accompanying him to town and engaging the girl herself. 'There would he great propriety in tcy doing so,' she argued at dinner, 'and propriety is something that-adorns all the human race. There would be no danger of my getting any of the peculiar females such as you have been afflicted with. As I am to superintend her labors, she will Lok up to me with respcct and humility if she learns from the first to recognise,in me a superior on whom she will be dependent for her daily bread. No shiftless hussy would impose upon me. I would bring home—how sweet the word sounds !—a model of industry and patient endurance. She would be deferential, she would know her place, too. Every thing would eo like clockwork in our home. I'll put on my things at once and.'— 'Excuse me, Mrs. Mumpson. It would.not be right to leave Jane here alone. Moreover, I'd rather engage my own help.' ' But, my dear Mr. Holcroft, yon don't realize—men never do realize—that you will have a long, lofaely ride with a fetaal^ of unknown --unknown antecedents. It will be scarcely respeeterble, and reapecterbility should beman and woman's chief aim, Jane is not a timid child, and in an emergency like this, even if ihe was, she would gladly sacrifice herself to sustain the proprieties of life. Now that your life has begun under new and better auspices, 1 feel that I ought to plead with you not to cloud your brightening prospects by a thoughtless unregard of what society looks upon as proper. The eyes of the community will now be upon us'— You mu6t-excuse me, Mrs. Mumpson. All I ask of the community is to keep their eyeB on their own business, while I attend to mine in my own way. The probabilities are that the girl'will come out on the stage Monday,' and he rosejfrom the dinner table and hastily made his preparations for, departure. He was Boon driving Tapidly away, having a sort of nervous apprehension lest Jane, or the widow,should suddenly appear oil the seat beside Mm. A basket ot-eggs and some inferior butter, with the burnt-out stove; were in his waggon and hiB bank- book was in his pocket. It was with sinking heart that he thought of making farther inroads on his small accumulations. Before he was out of sight, Mrs. Mumpsoti betook herself to the rocking-chair and began to expatiate on. the blindness and obduracy of men in general and'.of Mr. Holcroft in particular. ' They are'all much alike, 1 - she complained, 1 and are strangely neglectful of the proprieties of life. My dear, deceased huBband, yourfather, was becoming gradually senserble of my value: in guiding him in this respect, and indeed, I may add in all respects, when in the very prime of his expanding manhood he was laid low. Of course, my happiness was. buried then and there and my heart can never throb again, but I have a mission in the world—I feel it— and here is a desolate home bereft of female influence and consolation and hitherto painfully devoid of respespecterbility. I once called on the late Mrs. Holcroft, and—I must 6ay it—I went away depressed by a sense of her lack of ability to develop in her husband thosequalities which would make him an ornerment ti> society. She was a silent woman, she lacked mind and ideas. She had seen little of the world and knew not what was swaying people. Therefore, her husband,, having nothing else to think of, became absorbed in the accumulation of dollars. Not that I object to dollars, —they have their proper place,—but minds should be fixed oa all things. We should take a deep personal interest in our fellow beings, and thus we grow broads As I was saying, Mr. Holcroft was not developed by his late spouse. He needs awakening, arousing, stimulating drawing out, and such I feel to be my mission. I muBt be patient : I cannot expect the habits of years to pass away under a different kind of female influence, at once.' Jane had been stolidly washing and putting away dishes during this partial address to herself and partial soliloquy, but now remarked, ' You and tne will pass, away in a week if you go on as you've begun. I can see it comin'. Then where'll we go to ?' ' Your words, Jane, only show that you are an ignorant, short-sighted child. Do you suppose that a woman of my years and experience would make no better pro«- vision for the future than a man's changeful mind-^a warped and undeveloped mind at that. No; 1 have an agreement with Mr. Holcroft. I shall be a memberjof his household for three months at least, and long before that he will begin to see everything in a new light. It will gradually dawn upon him that he has been defrauded of proper female influence and society. Now,, he is crude, he thinks only of work and accumulating^ but when the work is done by a menial female's handft and his mind is more at rest, there will begin to steal in upon him the cravings of his mind. He will see that material things are not all in all.' • ' P'raps he will. I don't half know what you're talking about. ' Fi's you I'd learn to work ank do things as he wants 'em, That's what I'm goin' to do. Shall I go now and make up his bed and tidy his room ?' ' I think I will accompany yon, Jane, and see that your task is properly performed.'; ' Of course you want to see every thin' in the room,, just as I do.' ' As housekeeper, I should see everything that is under my care. That is the right way to look at the matter.' ' Well, come and look then.' ' You are becoming strangely disrerspectful, Jane,' ' Can't help it,' replied the girl, 1 I'm gettin' mad. We've been elbowed around long's I can remember, at least I've been, and now we're in a place where we've a right to be, and do nothin' but talk, talk, talk, when he hates talk. Now you'll go up in his room and you'll see every thin' in it, so you could tell it all Dff to-morrow. Why, can't you see he hates talk and wants somethin' done ?' 'Jane,' said Mrs. Mumpson, in her most severe and dignified manner, 1 you are not only disrerapectful to your parent, but you're a time server. What Mr. Holcroft wants is a very secondary matter; what is best for him is the chief consideration. But I have touched on things far above your comprehension. Come, yon can make up the bed, and I shall inspect as becomes my, station,' 