TETE A ',1'ETE. i luis lhay wo seo how tlio IVovliI wncn.— 2 Voii l.ilfll Tlio Gogangq Divisional Board liavo had an nccpssion of fresh blood injected into thoir vuiuu! and liavo rejoiced with oxoueding S'fOak.ipy in consoqtiouco. -;At their usual -..""wKIy mooting on Tuesday last, tlio recently elboted members with uU'tliqiv new born, but, . nevertheless, " full-blown " honors, sitting uneasily bu some of tbuih, "in thu shape. of n now suit of clothes" for tho occasion, were formally pro'aonted to the remainder of their brother sages in conclave- It was " a refreshing season " asaMotliodist class-leader would siiy, but whether tho in spiring cause was sxnritual or spirituous history sayoth not. Be this as it may, after this' coromony was over, antb tlio embracing (niolivphorietvl of course) concluded, Mr. TI. Beak, who is .nothing if lie, is not miou liplitical economy, bounded, into tlie arena of, further laudation and c vote ed tho following startling statement out o£ the 'depths of his eeonomio consciousness; .that tho new mem bers ivore . all . inuu who '".would" do the greatest good, to tlio groatost nuinbor !" O long-suffering ghost of Jeremy Bonthaui ! What an outrage is hero? 'The greatest good to tlio greatest liumbor was tho favorite Xiliilosopliic n'laxiiii of tlio gontle Jeremy, lint our ono and only Beak must needs annex it as liis own \irivato -property... 'Thu rights of xiroiierty surely stand as regards philoso phic phrases as well as lordly acres and the gems of Golconda, and of liid. However, once a man is dond ite is done for ! Alas for tlie rarity of Christian charity under tliu sun. lie wlio Btoals my purse . steals traih. Haiil the miicli-.quoted, anil, of course, " immortal " William, soiiie 280 years ago,, but. lie who steals ,au .aphorism like tliis — what, is. he worthy of P. Why, nothing les3 tiiau to bo sluit iqi in a room, with Mayor .Maanruu aud a copy of Shakspciire to read, learn, and in wardly digest tlie othios of literary theft. # # But tlie Divisional Board meeting was remarkable ; for . another extraordinary, proceeding ivhiali deserves to rank- >in history as :the champion piece - of blundering. It was .over tho ten ders . for snxjplies, and for tlio privilege of acting, as provedore in .these branches several local houses competed. Of these, two .wore very close in. tlio race lor lowest Iilaco, namely, Mossrs. T. Kelly aiul Sous, and Mr. 'T. Iriviu. ..Thoy. . \v.ere,. in.fact, so very near that it would be difficult to decide which ' wan the cheaper. 'However, it ax': pear.id to Mr. Hat.tou that Mr. 'Irwin's ten- dor was to be . preferred as the belter of the two, and it Booiued.also to Mr. Beak tli it Mr. Kelly's was the one wliioli . should ho necei>ted. Accordingly these gentlemen moved in these, directions ivsx>oolivuly. After being duly seconded, the .motion aud tlie amcndinuut wore then put to the meeting, and tlio latter iva3 declared carried, viz., that the tender of Messrs. Kelly A Sons should bo accepted. So fat- so good. But presently up bobs " our long lost friend " Mr. Ewart, who luid hitherto been meditating aiiart. upon tlie too utterly litter " incompre hensibility of the infinite " as represented by tliu affairs of the Gogango Divisional Boaid. 'This gentleman, with the assurance of Chief .Tustiee Lilluy and tlm residue of the Full Court rolled into one personality, laid down tlio luwthusly — that tlie Act contains such a Iirovision as would ensure that as Mr. Mackay had not voted, tlie vote be should have exercised went with tlie original motion, G rent Scott ! because a man does unl do one thing that is to bo considered sufficient evidence of his intention to do something else ! Hero is logic for yon, gentle reader ! Mr. O'Shancsy, with the good nature which is invariably characteristic of him, yielded to the unpiw'ccdoiitedly ridiculous xiroposal by Mr. lj<»tiiat a fresh show of hands was advisitorH" But under this new arrange ment Mr. Mackay voted for the amendment, and tliis placod Mi-. Kelly once more in the majority, and a second time Mr. O'Slinnesy announced that .Mr. Kelly's tender had boon nccoxitod. Still,, howovor, tho idea could not seemingly find a lodgment in (lie brain . of Mr. Ewart, that as Mr. Muekay was iiorfectly within liis rights in voting or not us seemed best to him at the time, thu Chairman could claim tlie same Iirivileges aud refrain from exercising his vote unless he felt constrained so to act. But to the xmleozoic intellect of the irru- Iiressiblo Ewart, whose meditations iqion tho infinite boing now completed, he desired to bring himself down to the Finite, This was a state of things utterly without xirecedent. "The Chairman not to record liis vote," shrieked tlie Ewart, like a Highland Chief tain on tlio war-trial, his eyes mcaiitimo "in a fine frensy rolling, at the bare thought of such a transgression of every article of Law and Gospel, from the Magna Oluirta down to tho Rockhampton Found Rules ! And ftrr. O'Shancsy, albeit willing to explain to Air. Ewart that as there ivns three voto-t to two there was no necessity for him to vote, could not get in a word edgoways, and accordingly allowed the stream of Ewartiuu tall;|to " more on" in an unbroken stream until running short of breath, the speech ended likewise. It was at this stage after Mr. Mackay had gone into the arena with liis war-whoop also, and witli a passionate enquiry after Mr. Ewart's scalp, that Mr. O'Shancsy did tho one inexplicable net attributable to him during the discussion. " 'The Chairman turned to the reporters and requested tliom to state that Air. Irwin's, tender wns accepted." # # # Now this decision of tlie Divisional Board regarding Mr. Irwin's tender is absolutely incomprehensible iqion any of tho ordinary rules of reasoning. Lot us look into tlio items of tlio two tenders seriatim. Tlie fol lowing are tlie details and >riuos : -Flour, Kelly 12s Gd, Irwin l is ; tea, Kolly Is Gd per lb, lrtvin Is 9d ; sugar, Kolly 19s, Irwin 18s; rice, Kolly 21s, Irivin 23s Gil ; maize, Kelly Gs, Irwin 4s lid; limn, Kelly is Gd, Irwin Is 5d; oaten ulialT, Kelly 9s, Irwin 9s; lucerne chaff, Ke'ly 8s, Irwin 8s ; oats, Kelly 3s 9d, Irwin 4s 3d. Now taking into account the whole of the above list;, it is noticeable that it is only in one line that Kelly is at all dearer than Irwin, viz., sugar, the other two items, bran and maize, where Triviii is one penny cheaper than Kelly, boing, in comparison witii tlie others, but iittle in demand ; Kelly, however, ou the other hand, had the advantage in ilour, tea, rice, and oats, in all of which he irtis considerably below bis rival tenderer. And yet tlio con tract for tlie Hiqiplies goes to Irwin, and uot to Kolly ! Whore is the justice in tliis ? It' thero is an irrepressible I' .Isnap on the Divisional Board in tho xiorsua of Air, Ewart, lioro i_s certainly ono in tlio Rockhamjitou ATunioiiuvl Counoil in tlio solf-iinportunt Iic-rsonnlity of Mr. Alderman Hartley. Now, wo give thisgentlomon tho credit of believ ing lie is acting for thu host interests of the Borough, bcJMt is with a zoal without dis cretion.- EWmer oxmnplo of tliis trait in his clinraeTwoiild be desired than tho dis- eussion Uracil' took place in the Council with reference to a motion by tho Alayor, relative to tlm adoption of a report of a Committee of the Whole Council, re tlie Local Authorities (Joint Action) Act of 188G. Without wait ing to hear the details of tlie matter, our local Fodsnap nt oneo declared himself oxqinseil to it, and that " he did not want it." Now. one's first impulse is to ask, who is this he, that, apes tlie power of veto for tlio 'whole Council. Who is tliis Dalai Lama who wishes to lnako liis dosiros the measure of other men's happiness, and who so emphati cally declines " to lie shiit up" by any man ? 'Tliis is only playing tliexiart, for which, how ever, Alderman Hartley is eminently ; qualified, of "tho historic Irishman who, ou ilandjng in America, .enquired, if there wns n. Government there, adding " if so,' I'm agin it." Coithl Alderman liartloy wish any ( butter looking-glass of, his own nature hold up before liim than tlie above. ...... ' . Tlio raid uiion the. calibios on , Tuesday last by the InMpuutor of Nuisances, was. an instance of Municipal pettifoggery meriting sharp censure. 'To say, that a licensed cab man may not pi'ocecd along thu. streets look- ; ing for a fare, but. must stick like " patience on a monument" to the .cabstand "from morn to dewy eve,", is a ineco of official rcd- tapeisin, rather too glaring to bo allowed escape. 'The stupidity which .characterised tlio laying of the charges is only piunll.ulcd by the crass ignorauue , of both law and justico displayed by tlio Boholi.who tried tbo cases. The " Cabbies " as a class got more kicks than ha'pence. They aro expected te suit : themselves to t-lio tiresome humors of every faro who may cliancu to summon them, to, bp invariably civil, to keep thoir horaea, like ' racers and thoir vehicles like xialaoo-cays, to lie punctual to a minute to ovory apppoint- uioiit, no matter what amy bo iu tin; way, to be always ready to oblige the erotcbotty customers, and , yet . with, it all, to charge sucli ridiculously low rates that after horse-feed has, been . iiurcluisud and the vehicle kept pai nted and in repair — no light charge in a climate .such as this — scarcely siiflicicnt remains to koox) the body and soul togotlier. I consider in place of throwing hindrances . in the way of tho Cabby's advance that every facility should be afforded liini to rise iu tlie world. Hence Iain glad to perceive a (movement oil the 'lapis amongst thoin to start a Cabman's Union for l.lio xirotection.of their interests and the rpsistnnce of any, attempt on the x>art of tho authorities to lay unjust restrictions tipon nil industrious and honorable class in tlio community. o Since i wroto last tlio lownsxiuoplo of Ruckliamxitpn have been thrown into, a fever of , excitement ovur liui removal from thoir midst of one who had gained the respect, and admiration of , nil with, wlioiii lie came in contact.,.' To. know Mr. G. L. Lutein was to like hi'in, while his transparent honesty- nud supremo inixiartiality, rendcrod him the object of regard- ,, to all who . hold there attributes in reverence. Of courso it is ivoll-kuowu on which xiolitieiil altar Air. Lnkin lios been sacrificed, and why cer tain foolish .charges by a local draper, wore strained until tlio punishment -meted out bears no |>rox)ortion to the offence.. AVe are uot given to giiBli oyer xieople like our . con temporary here, lmt tliis we may say of Air. G. L. Lukin, that when ho loaves us for Alaryborough, it will bo long before wp look, upon Ids liko again, both ns a man raid as a magistrate. Whomever, liis future lot .may bo past, he leaves many warm friuuds behind liim in sunny 'Rockhampton. , ' There are one or two sensible men loft in the world — besides ourselves, that is — and ono of them is the editor of tin; IFes/cni Champina nt Barcaldine. In a recent issue that capable journalist writes "Wo aro not in tho habit of writing leading articles upou subjects outside tho range of local questions, or colonial polities. Tn tho first place, tlie f ew who care about such literary entertain ment eati obtain a surfeit of it in the English newsi>ni>ors ; aud wo have sufficient modesty to know that those wlio read t.lio home papers know quite as 'much, about tlie Sanioim difficulty, the. Gladstouiaii policy, and Homo Rule as the editor of a country paiicr, wlio is far more troubled iibout a dry season than a dry subject, aud would sooner obtain a Government advertisement from the Colonial 'Treasurer of Queensland, than a score of blue books froni Downing-stroet nud Westminster. But local toxiies aro some times most inconveniently scarce : Queens land polities are dull, aud Ihe beat is utterly unbearable." Shake, sonny ! You're tlio most sensible follow I've .met wit-h for a long time, and exhibit more downright common sense than t-h'e wholo caravan of us out hoi e, from the Sydney .Voriiiny Herald and Mel bourne .-Inics down, wlio. go cavorting about settling the affairs in all i>laocs under the sun from John o' Groats to Tinibuctoo, while all our iuk-slinging and quill-driving lias about us much effect iqion the I'hicos in question as it would have upon " tlie glory that was Greece and tlie grandeur that was Rome." Y'ou unoonceriiodiy meander on, interested only iu your artesian bores, your annual clii), and your (farriers' Union, and riniiltl flint QiniltA tlF -niiAGi'lni wiu.lrtiii ntirl men souse. Shake again, sonny, and stick to your resolution, "l'is a wise one ! A scribbler wlio rejoices in the somewhat nneuiilionious name of " Hux," but which, natliloss, does not prevent liim from being a smart and clever writer, lias boon summing lip the distinguishing characteristics of the various towns iu Quocnsland, in a succession of alliterative traits, | as follows : — Brisbane, a city famed for " Sin, Smolls, aud Selfish ness." Alaryborough, remarkable for " Sin, Saw-mills, nnd Salvationists." Bimdabcrg, noticeable for " Sin, Solvency, and Solidity." Rockhampton, "Sin, Sweat, and Sorrow." Alackay, " Sin, Sleoi>, and Sugar." Boiven, Sin, Scares, and Simx>licity." Townsvillo, " Sin, Syndicates, and Stinks." Fort Douglas, "Sin Swamps, and Sex>aration." Cool; town, "Sin, Stones, aud Shippiug." Nornmnton, " Sin, Soils, and Savage." And last, but by no means least, Cairns, " Siu, Sand, and Scandal." Ob, yo gods, what next? ZINGARO. 