THE HOME. . Ptassy In-thIocornc. . Oate are subject to mtot o? the disecases which atflert the human race, and wilt Itre qeoatly' catchb"a lever from its eick mir. ress or little playmate. When a cat seeks a dark corner, neglects bertoilot, and has a hot nore, she is eck and, a trifling remedy now will prevent some more serious disorder. ? crity eat should have raw meat once a day, ino tho mornintg. At night give her a earty meal of warm bread tod milk, or tgravy in the place ofr mailk. Always re. member t oate will at moast anything, it it be warm and well moistened. iave milk or water whore she can get it, and io a leoon dieb, for Mrs. Pua is dainty, and will scorn to drink dust-covered milk tr water an quickly as you would. A country cat, who has plentyofoot-doore, should have meat twice a doy, a piece as big os an egg each time, ae. out into moouthole. Kidney or liver is their favorite, buet to much if the latter or o oysters may cause r diarrhma. :They must have grass eod plenty of it; it is as necessary to them e colt is to or. It would pay in the city to raise grass and eat ip tin a box for these petr. Should aeat be attacked with fits or con vuleions, throw over her a shawl cr rug tic prevent damage to herself r furniture; a whiff o! chloroform, ether, ammonia, or, lack ieg these, an onion freshly out, will oftenr give relief. Should she continuce to cry pite. eutly, with eyes ade open and glaring, pro teot the hanods with gloves, groap her firmly tn the shawl and with a sharp pair of scissors snip the cond of the eares; a few drops cof blood will be sufficient; let her stay in a cool, dark place, and for eeveri days feed sparingly with warm bread and milk. One of the most valuable remedies for cats and small doge is sweet oil. One-hali table spocnful in their milk is seldom refused. In oaces were poisoning is suspected it is the eet aend certainly the easieet remedy. For inflamed eyes apply a wash of warm milk cr weak borax and water. A cat will match eold,steeze, and have all the symptome of influenza; grease the upper part of her nose and administer one-halt teaspoon cf raetoria or balsam ; it she has a sore threat wrap it with a flannel wet with Arabian Balsam and keep her away from the children. Gale with kittens should net be roughly handled or frightened, or eho will miscarry or roller during confinement. Ds not kill all her babies; leave her at least one until esch time as it can eat other food than its mother's milk. Should her kittens die and the mother suffer from swelled breasts, rob them with camphorated nil or.cven warm lard, and give aconite and belladonna alter. nafely. Some people and doctors ara ashamed to prescribe for cats, but there can be no lose ef dignity in such a humane aot. Pussy will be a silent ghost gliding through the house, or she will be an mtelligent, ai. fectionate friend (not a slave like a dog), c-. cording ns she is neglected or loved and oared for. I cannot close without aprotest against the cruelty tl leaving a cat to "get its own living" while the house is closed doring the summer months. Give her shelter, and pay the butcher and milkman to feed her, if there is no friend or home where she can bh carried. 