THE MAYBRICK CASE. " Appearances are terribly against me, | but before God I sweat I am innocent." Thus Florence Elizabeth Maybrick wrote on the day when she was taken into oustody for the murder of her husband, who died three days before. Unfortunately for her the letter was written to her Earamour, and with the certain know idga that it would come under the oognizance of the police. There hare been many cases before now in which a woman has beencharged with the murder of her husband, but tins case seems to have attracted a particularly large amount of attention in England. In the first instance the popular feeling was dead against Mrs. Maybrlck for some reason or another which doBB not appear. This feel ing gradually changed until it reached the extraordinary climax which we announce this morning. The convicted murderess has been cheered on her way to Walton Gaol, and the Judge who sentenced her to death has been hissed and hooted in the streets of Liverpool. For Mrs. Maybrick has been convicted of the murder of her late husband. The greatest English advooate of the day has been engaged In her defence. Sir Charles Russell has employed hiB unrivalled powers in the task of proving Mrs. Maybrick innocent of the terrible charge brought against her. He has failed, and the wretched woman has been sentenced to pay the death penalty for the crime which she is accused of having com mitted. James Maybrick was a well-known merchant in Liverpool He was at least fifty years old, and he had married a wife some twenty-three or twenty-four years younger than himself. The wife had found out that her husband was old, and she had entered into an illicit connection with a person named Brierley. But the husband was not so old as to prevent his discovering this liai son, and he spoke to his wife very forcibly on the subject. He had never been very strong, and the shock of the discovery of her treachery and of the subsequent explosion made him thoroughly ill. Here it must be noticed that according to the evidence produced at the various enquiries into the cause of Mr. Maybrick's death the deceased gentleman was in the habit of using poisonous medicine. Yielding to the mistaken advice of the medical gentlemen who had attended him, he had indulged in copious doses of arsenic, taken In certain quantities. Besides thlB, he was accustomed to ask the advice of non-profeaBional friends, and to pay them, the undeserved com pliment of following it. For instance, he had taken arsenic as an anti-periodic. Of two medical advisers whom he had con sulted, one made him take strychnine and nux vomica, and the other prosalo acid. With these facts before us we are not In clined to wonder that the medioal opinion as to Mr. Maybriok's death was that it was due to " exhaustion set up by an irritant poison." If a man takes arsenic regularly, if he Is bolstered up by prnssio acid and strychnine, it is hardly a matter of surprise that "an irri tant poison" should have something to do with his death. And, to (make matters worse for the medical men engaged in the case, it appears that as a last resource the unfortunate man was dosed with japonandle, a poison which is not a poison unless it la taken in large doses. All this might be accepted as sufficient evidence in favour of the prisoner, who was charged with having killed her husband deliberately. But an addition can be made to it. One of the doctors, the usual medical attendant of the family, stated that the cause of death was apparently "acute congestion of the stomach" or "dyspepsia." He would not, however, grant a certificate of death from natural causes, first, because he had been told that murder was in the air—Dr. Humphreys did not state this reason very olearly— and, seoondly, because "arsenio wsb found." This statement does not giro any information as to where the arsenic was found. It might have been in the house of Mr. Maybrick, or it might have been in his body. But at any rate it is clear enough that the suspicions of the doctors would not have been aroused but for the interposition three days before the death of Mr. May brick of his two brothers. There can be no donbt whatever but | that Mr. Maybrick died from the effects of an irritant poison. By whom administered? That is the ques tion which was decided at the Iilverpool Assises against Mrs. Maybrick. But to what end did she oommlt the crime 1 Not for the sake of the money of ber husband. It was proved before one I of the three Courts whioh have tried | her that the will of the deceased gentle man had not been subjected to her examination, and nobody, so far as we can learn, suggested that she desired to enter upon the enjoyment of more funds. We are driven to the supposition that she removed her husband in order to marry her paramour. The supposition bears its own! refutation on its very face. A woman j may be criminal enough to outrage the law which binds her to her husband, but there is not a tittle of evi dence to support the theory that the murder of Mr. James Maybrlok was plotted in order to render possible | a union between the widow of the murdered man and her lover. The case has been imagined indeed in one of Zola's novels, when after a time the widow of the victim and her paramour are married. The ghost of the murdered man comes between them, and they end by murdering each other. The money interest removed, we have the further motive of hatred. Mrs. Maybrick hated her husband, if we are to believe the evldenoe given before the Coroner and theMagistrates. But the strongexpresslons of a woman married to a man twice her age are to be discounted liberally, and it would be a moral injustice to translate the professed "hatred" into a determined plan to kill. And, Indeed, the evi dence seems to emphasize the good intentions of Mrs. Maybrick. She behaved abominably in preferring another man to her husband, but it is hard to believe that she supplemented her treachery with murder. It was she who drew attention to Mr. Maybriok's perniclouB habit of taking arsenic. She nursed him night and day until she was ordered off by her brothers-in law. She herself swears that she used the arsenical fly-papers for a face-wash, and that her husband eagerly demanded some of the poison. She accounts for the presence of the arsenic in the meat-juice by the statement that Mr. Maybrick earnestly desired some to relieve his pain. But, beyond her own testimony, we have the witness of persons who swore that the poison was not hidden from general view. Can any one believe that a woman bent on murdering her husband in cold blood would be so foolish as to leave the means by which she worked ready for the inspection of inmates of the houBe and visitors 1 One could easily enough understand if a man, who had killed his wife in a fit of frenzy, left the hatchet or the knife stained with the blood of his victim where it [ would readily be noticed. But the fiend in the shape of man or woman who could slowly do a human person to death is pretty sure to have kept his instruments hidden. It seems to us In the face | of the facts, so far as they are known here, that it Is a strained and unreasonable conclusion to arrive at that James Maybrick was murdered by his wife. She has been guilty of unfaithful ness, and In that respect has properly alienated the sympathy of all who reBpect themarrlage tie, but it Is hard to be lieve that she has been guilty of murder. Tbe latest exploration in Central Australia, carried out by Mr. W. H. Tietkins, chiefly under the auspices of the Geographi cal Society of Australia, has added something to the general stock of know ledge concerning the interior, but has un fortunately not resulted in any important discoveries of good country. Starting from Glen Edith, some 200 miles west of Alice Springs, one of the furthest outposts of previous explora tions in that locality, the expedition proceeded westward, discovering in the firBt plaoe some hills and a creek previously undescribed. Still journeying westward, Mr. Tietkins, in the immediate neighbourhood of the boundary between South and Western Australia, came upon another range of hills and some running water. A few miles further to the west more hills were encountered, the highest peaks of which were found to reaoh the respectable height of 1,500 ft above the surrounding plain. Well within the limits of the adjoining colony a lake of considerable extent, henceforth to be known as Lake Maodonald, was discovered, but whether the water in it Is fresh or salt, plentiful or otherwise, la not stated. This seems to have been the most westerly point reached by the party, which we gather proceeded thence In a south-easterly direction towards and past Lake Amadous. One of the objects of the expedition was to obtain Information regarding the limits of this sheet of water, but the telegraphic report as to the extent to whioh this object has been achieved Is deoldedly hazy. We gather that almost a complete circuit of the lake was made, but the allusion to its " probable outline" suggests that Mr. Tiet kins has not make himself intimately acquainted with its extent. Most of his explorations were conducted in the strip of country lying between Giles's tracks in 1872 and 1876. In retnrning he struck the latter, and also those of Mr. Gosse's party of 1873, identifying some of the landmarks noted by those explorers. Finally he made his way to Erldunda, Messrs. Warburton and Tomlin's station, and thence was able to dispatch to Char lotte Waters news of his return. The trip has apparently not been an eventful one. It has occupied some three or four months In all, and the extent of compara tively new country traversed embraces from 20,000 to 30,000 square miles. The casualties fortunately have not been heavy, the severest loss reported being that of two camels, which had the mis-1 fortune to eat poison plant at Lake Amadous. The explorations have not brought to light muoh high-class country, although some of that passed over is evidently fit for pastoral settlement. The further report of Mr. Tietkins' proceed- j ings will be looked forward to with j interest. The chief good accomplished by the de putation that waited upon the Premier was that it elicited a further statement from Dr. Cockburn as to the intentions of the Government with regard to the I Barrier trade. The Premier appears to ! be a firm believer in Lord Beacons field's rule of diplomacy. When the latter was once asked how he managed to get on so well with his Sovereign and to con tinue in her good graces fails answer was— "I never contradict, and I sometimes forget." The Premier Indeed buries in oblivion not what has been said to him, but what has been uttered bjr him, and then he is in a position to agree with the last comer. Certainly the last edition of the Barrier policy of the Government with the latest revisions and emendations of the author differs con siderably from the original edition published a month ago. Last week's deputation was opposed to cen tralization; so is the Premier. He never meant to do any injustice to the outports. It is true there has been a flying survey from Eudunda to the Border ordered, but that really means nothing. In fact, Sir Henry Parkes has pretty well stifled the hope of relief in that direotion. We know too now what iB meant by doing away with the break of gauge. It is not to be done away with at all. It will still con tinue at Terowie. It is, however, the intention of the Government to bring Port Adelaide in direct communication with the Barrier; but even this la not j designed to favour the city at the expense of the outports. By-the-way, it is rather a misuse of the term to Bpeak of the proposed extension of the narrow gauge system as placing Adelaide In direot | communication with the Barrier. Lest, however, this should offend the deputa tion, the Premier hastened to assure them — very unnecessarily — that it would give no undue advantage to the metro polis. On the contrary, it would enable I one or two other ports to compete for the | traffic. This scheme for spreading traffic over as wide an area as possible is rather a novel method of securing the trade for the colony against other competitors, and most assuredly it is not treating the question from a national standpoint. We recognise as fully as the Government do the difficulties of dealing with the subject effectively, but we also recognise that their latest solution of the problem is no solution at alL It is a matter that ought | not to be dealt with on the basis of party politics; yet it was one of the chief | indictments against the late Ministry, and the present Ministry pledged themselves to settle the matter. Instead of | doing so they are encouraging its treatment from a local standpoint, and am anxious to assure all the conflict ing parties that they will do nothing to injure their interests. Of course, so long as the Ministry can succeed in doing nothing this may seoure for them a measure of support, but it will not advance the settlement of the Barrier question a single stage. The Premier's little homily on the land question and water conservation, which was thrown in as an extra gift to the deputation, is interesting, but not to the point. We know a good deal about what the Government | Intend not to do. It would be more gratifying and reassuring if by way of change the Premier would state definitely what they mean to do. Perhaps another deputation might be able to elioit a reply to this question. Me. Bees deserves all the compliments paid him in the Assembly upon bis speech in moving the second reading of the Outer | Barbour scheme. Avoiding all mere rhetoric, and thus placing a restraint upon himself which cannot be too highly com mended, he addressed himself to the grounds in favour of the scheme, and the reasons for believing that it would ac complish all that was expeoted. He showed conclusively enough that the trade carried on by the ocean steamers was increasing, and was bound still further to Increase; but he failed to produce statistics to show that the under taking would be a financial success. The House, had it been in the critical mood which should have characterized it in dealing with so large a subjeot, should have insisted on further information upon this point. It may be said that this is entirely a matter for those who may see fit to risk their money in the enterprise, but it is impossible for Parliament to divest it self of all responsibility in the matter. The credit of the country iB so far at stake that it would be a fatal blunder to give capitalists at home the impression that the expenditure proposed will be remunerative if as a matter of faot it will not be remunerative for some years to come. By Mr. Bees and some of the other members who spoke on Wednesday the idea was scouted of the Government taking the work in hand. If, however, it is to bis reproductive—if the tolls upon goods, the wharf dues, and the other charges that can be Imposed, together with the proceeds of land whloh Is to be reclaimed, will yield a satisfactory profit to a private Company—what con ceivable reason is there why the Govern ment should not carry out the undertak ing ? We cordially endorse the propo sition that the construction of the outer harbour is necessary to give a finish to onr railway system, and to afford proper facilities for trade; but why should we give up the control of so important a work to private capitalists ? If the provision in the Bill for enabling the Government to purchase the under taking were what it should be there would be less force in this contention; but it is as loose and unsatisfactory as it can well be. The proposition that the prloe shall be fixed by arbitration is altogether too indefinite, no proper basis.for the arbitrators to work upon being fixed. The Bill proposes to establish a huge mono poly J it gives concessions whloh in pro cess of time may prove immensely valuable ; it creates interests which may by-and-by be found detrimental to the public wellbeing, and Parliament should show proper caution and foresight in dealing with the ques tion. If the scheme is worthy of adoption by ail means let its promoters be liberally treated; bntltlsonlyoommon business prudence to treat them as men anxious to serve their own interests, and not as disinterested patriots who have only the good of the colony at heart The Assembly on Tuesday gav6 leave for the introduction of a Bill to authorize the granting to the Trades Unions of a site for a Trades Hall. By common con sent the discussion of the principles of the measure r.za postponed, but questions put to the Premier elicited information whioh will enlighten the community as to the na ture of Hie concession which it is proposed to give. It is some consolation to learn that the Government intend to stop short at the gift of the land, and do not propose a vote of money to assist in the ereo tion of the building. For this modera tion the public will no doubt be duly thankful. Whether they will equally appreciate the proposal which Parliament is to be asked to endorse remains to be be seen. The allotment which is to be offered to the Unions adjoins the Looal Courthouse — presumably on the eastern side—with a frontage of fifty feet to Victoria-square. What the present market value is we cannot precisely say, but it may be put down at several thousands of pounds. Why this site should have been fixed upon we have no means of knowing, but doubtless it has been agreed to by those whose interests Dr. Cockburn and his colleagues desire to serve. One thing dear is that by not only the opponents of the grant but by all who view the matter dispassionately and with an eye to the exigencies of the future the selection will be condemned as a most un fortunate one. Every one must recog nise the fact that in process of time material additions to the present Gourt house accommodation must be made, and it stands to reason that space for these additions should be left rhere the Court houses now are. To reduce the available space, which is not extensive, in the way suggested would be an act of shortsighted folly which we cannot believe Parlia ment will endorse. If the demand of the Unions must be met, and no other block of land in the dty at pre sent held by Government is available —which is quite likely seeing that the area of land held by the Government in Adelaide is extremely limited — why should not Parliament appropriate a sum of money for the pur chase of a site ? In principle there is not an atom of difference between giving the money and giving the land, and there are plenty of sites to be purchased vastly better adapted for the purposes of a Trades Hall than that which the Government propose to hand over. _ Txe Assembly on Wednesday received the information concerning the ap pointment of Crown Solicitor whloh had been communicated to the publla at large days before. The offioe has been conferred upon Mr. Stuart, who has aooepted It at £1,200 a year, and will besides J have to be content with the position of an ordinary Civil servant, instead of occupying a place on the Civil List. We believe he will efficiently perform the duties he has undertaken. He will not find it easy to act up to the high standard of excellence set forth in the testimonial in which he commended his own claims to the attention of the Government, but there is good reason to conclude that he will fill the office to which he has been appointed with credit to himself and advantage to the country. It is by no means so clear that the arrange ment made with Mr. Bnssell will work satisfactorily. It would have been a con venient eneugh plan for him to have taken in hand the duties of the Crown Solicitor, for most of these would have consisted of office work, and he would have been, equally accessible to the public as Crown. Solicitor and as Commissioner of Taxes. But if he is to preside at the Insolvency end Local Courts it is clear that ft great deal of lite time will be thus occupied, and that bo will very often be absent from the Taxation Office. It may be that the difficulty in the way of his holding the dual position will not be eo great in practice as it appears likely to be, but at first sight the readjustments that have been effected do not strike one a9 being the most convenient or most con ducive to the pnbllo Interests which conld have oeen made. The very faot that a special plan has to be adopted for having taxation appeals heard by eome one else than the presiding officer of the Looal Court, who in the ordinary course of law would bejthe proper person to hear them, tells against the arrangement that has been made. The Government are to be congratulated | upon the economies which thBy have been able to effect, and it only remains for the public to bope that the reorganized depart ments will be found to work smoothly. The suicide of Mr. Adolph Witt is one of. the saddest cases, of self- destruction to be met with in the annals of South Australia. Those best acquainted with the deceased regarded him as one of the men least likely to commit such an act. In various capacities he has proved himself a shrewd man of business, by no means addicted to brooding over his misfortunes. Happy in his family relations, always ready to take j a full share in the rational pleasures as well as the sterner duties of life, there seemed to be nothing to prevent his attainlngacontented and honoured old age. The esteem in whioh he was held by his fel low-countrymen was attested by the faot j of his occupying the Presidency of the German Club, and alike In buBinesB and private circles he was trusted and respected. That he should have yielded to the pressure of financial troubles which the man most in his confidence feels sore it would: have been quite possible for him to have surmounted, is au ex traordinary proof of the liability of even cool-headed and unexcltabie men to give way to despondency. _ At first sight the verdict of the Jury, attribut ing the suioide to temporary unsoundness of mind, appears to be in direct opposition to the evidence. There is, it Is true, good reason to believe that the purchase of the revolver used to fire the fatal shots was not made with any view to the tragedy of Monday afternoon. The necessity of obtaining euch a weapon had been made a matter of family discussion, and the deceased ] showed no eagerness to possess himself of j it. Other cirenmstanceB of the case, how ever, seem to indicate that the rash act was deliberately resolved upon. The remark made to his children on leaving home to the morning, the writing of the letter (to his wife, the intimation1 to the clerk that he need not hurry back from lunch, the request made to Mr. Davles not to stay to the ofhee longer than he conld help, the unperturbed demeanour of the de ceased up to the laBt, and, finally, his evident determination not to leave the deed half done, all tend to show that he was in possession of his senses, and that he carried out what he bad care fully premeditated. When, however, the facts are thoroughly considered it must, be admitted that the finding was fully warranted. Leaving out of account the j view, which has much to recommend it, that no man in a normal state of mental health would 1 wantonly take Mb own life there 1b evidence enough that his mind must j have lost its proper balance. How conld a j perfectly sane man, who had had constant experience of the violent ups and downs to a sharedealer's financial position, have come to the conclusion that he was hope lessly involved—utterly inoapable of re lieving himself from his embarrassments, I and freeing his old age from the taint of | crime 1 More than that, ho w is it possible to conceive that a man who had been a well conducted and kind husband and father | would, if he were In full possession of his facnlties, do a deed which could by no possibility benefit his family, but must, j in addition to depriving them of the snp- j port he might render them, cast a more or less dark shadow over their future 1 What ib often denonncsd as the cowardice and selfishness of suioide may be otherwise described as the rash prompt ing of a distracted reason or an unhinged mind. It is clear that Mr. Witt fell into a condition in which he was unable to control his judgment, and what is that oondition but temporary insanity 1 Having reached this state, no doubt the nnfortnnate possession of a revolver gave direction to his thoughts as to the simplest way of escape from Mb embar rassments. His sad death is not without its lesson to those who are too ready to i plunge into speculation. There are many on whom each responsibilities as Mr. Witt bad incurred sit so lightly that there Is little danger of their allowing them to prey upon their mind; bnt the case may fairly be put forward as a warning to men of high principle and keen sensibility, who are tempted to incur heavier liabili ties than they may find themselves in a position to meet Amongst several Items of Interest wMch were dealt with by the Central Board . of Health last week, Is one whloh relateB to a proposal to start at Pott Darwin a quarantine station for lepers. Thanks to the magnificent self sacrifice of Father Damlen, the attention of the world has been drawn to the subjeet of leprosy. Our readers are well acquainted with the history of this Belgian priest, whose self devotion has given him a high position on Hie roll of the world's greatest heroes. In London the death of this martyr to the cause of pMlau thropy has brought into existence a committee, whose object is to com memorate his noble life of self-sacrifice, j Tbe programme is to erect a statue at Kaluwas, to create two scholarships for tbe study of the disease in Europe and in the rest of the world, and to appoint a commission to investigate the malady^ in India. The first of these proposals is the only one wbich is open to question. Father Damien was the last man in the world to wish that money should be spent upon a 1 memorial of himself. He lived his heroic life and has gone to receive hie due reward. It should not be necessary to j his fame that a statue of him should be erected on the scene of his labours. A thousand times rather would he see the religious institution which his | brother proposes established on the same ground. But, this apart, the pro gramme of the London Committee seems to be not objectionable. One of the students is to enquire into leprosy " in China, the colonies, and elsewhere." He would doubtless pay a visit to these colonies, whatever he might do as regard the "elsewhere." Here there is a big field open for scientific examination, and, though the student would not find many oases of leprosy here, he would at least be able to reassure the minds of people as to the existence of the disease. In connection with this matter we should only suggest that the Commission proposed should extend ! Its labours to Australia. It might | then be able to settle for ever the dis puted point as to whether leprosy Is I contagious or infectious, or neither ] or both. In the meantime it is well to bear in mind that the disease is within tbe scope of our Quarantine Act. So far as available evidence on the subject goes, Europeans who live a cleau life, and who observe the ordinary deoeucies of civilization, are not liable to contract it. But there may be exceptions to this rule, and it behoves the Govern ment to take every precaution against the introduction of leprosy. It Is necessary, for Instance, that a quarantine station for lepers should be { established at the port which is moBt liable to their intrusion, and that every effort should be made to keep j out eo terrible a malady. South Australians are the more concerned in this because they have used and are using every legitimate means for improv ing the sanitary condition of the province. A Bnx relating to the appointments of | Agents-General is under consideration in the House of Assembly. The avowed object of the Bill is to limit the period for which an Agent General can be appointed to three years. This may or may not be a wise arrangement. Upon the whole there is a good deal to be said in favour of it. It is pretty clear, however, that the real object of some members is to get rid of the present occupant of the office. This will strike every impartial person as being grossly unfair. If there are any valid grounds of complaint against Sir A. Blyth, by all means let them be distinctly stated so that he may have a chance of replying to them. But it is utterly opposed to the British instincts of fair play to talk in a vague kind of way about some things which the Agent- General has done being unsatisfactory, and to speak of his being out of toucb with the colony as a reason for trying to shelve him by a side wind. Admitting that Sir A Blyth is a Civil servant, no Legislature tbat wishes to have a reputation for uprightness would think of dealing with . an efficient officer in the arbitrary manner | that was suggested. The Bill provides that the Agent-General shall hold | office for three years, but will be eligible | for reappointment. If it Is oarried it places the present occupant of the position entirely In the hands of the Ministry. The Government do not know, according to the Treasurer, "exactly what they will do regarding the retention or otherwise of office by the present Agent-General. It will all depend upon the result of their negotiations with Sir A, Blyth." In other words, if he does not do just what they like„theycan dismiss him at onoe and make room for their own nominee. We entirely dissent from the view that tbe colony is likely to be better repre sented if the office of Agent-General Is to be regsided as a political prize at the dis posal of the Ministry who may j happen to be In power when the ] term of the then occupant expires, and 1 we very much question the wisdom of encouraging the impression that a member of the Legislature would necessarily be the most eligible oandidate. If this is done it will introduce a most undesirable element into our local politics. Whatever may be done as to the future there is no shadow of an excuse for dealing unfairly with the present occupant of the offioe. Consider ing the coBt of living in London and the nature of tbe duties to be performed it 1b quite certain the Agent-General oau save nothing out of his salary. In all fairness, therefore, the House is bound to see that he Is proteoted from inconsiderate and unfair treatment. At the least he should be allowed tbe oppor tunity of being the first holder of the Agent- General'B position under the new BUI. Of late years there has been a growlngdispositiontodeal harshlyandeven brutally towards Civil servants, which is bad policy and Is revolting to every honourable person. It Is bad enough for j the colony to play fast and loose with its reputation within its own borders, but it wUl be worse if we sacrifice our good name in colonial and official circles in the mother country. There is nan poiut ia the proceed ings of the Central Board of Health which ia worthy of special attention. This concerns the supply of milk to the households of the city aud suburbs. There is a very real danger lest tubercular disease Bhould be transmitted through the milk and flesh of tuberculous animals. To state the case more plainly, people who drink the milk or eat the flesh of animals afflicted with tuberculosis run the risk of drinking or eating the disease together with the nourish ment. There is a suspicion that tnbercle is infections, and can readily he communicated by one animal to another. By this means the extraordinary propor tion of deaths from tuberculous disease may be accounted for. According to the statement of the President of the Board of Health 'the proportion of deaths from tuberculous disease is far in excess of that from fever, diph theria, and all of the other iufeotious diseases put together. Now it has not yet been ascertained with any degree of accuracy whether or not tuberculosis in one animal is communicated by infection to another animal] whether milk from a tnberouloua cow can or cannot engender a similar disease in the person who drinks the milk. But, meanwhile, as Dr. Whittell suggests, we should be on the safe side— we should prevent the circulation of milk from diseased animals. The matter was brought before the Central Board of Health In consequenoe of an application from the Unley Board for the appoint ment of a person "to periodically inspect all cows in dairies supplying milk for human consumption." But, even supposing such an inspector appointed his services would be of little valne unless he had power to order the destruction of the diseased cows or prevent the sale of the milk drawn from them. We believe we are right in Baying that existing legislation does not give this power. So long, however, as pnblic sentiment is awake to the neceBBity for taking the utmost precantions for the preservation of health there is little to be afraid of. If that salutary state of things exists, whatever recommenda tions the Central Board may make —whether about leprosy or about typhoid fever or about tuberoulous diseases—will be sure to be respected. Should it so happen that reckleBS people taking advantage of defects in the law should assume a defiant attitude towards the Board the force of pnblic opinion—if that opinion has bsen properly educated—will speedily lead to the re moval of the defects, ft is gratifying to notice that the Board Is interesting itself about such practical matters as those to which we have referred, and it ia the duty of Parliament to co-operate with It by giving it all the authority necessary for enforcing sanitary regulations against thoBe who are disposed to disregard them. 