ABT, MUSIC AND THE DRAMA, i "Report mo and my causo aright."-Hamlet. Thoro is a Bpocial " boom " in architecture at present Several extensive buildings are going up which aro calculated to givo architects a chance to display the qualities of thoir art in a liberal and healthy fashion. As ono travels down Hunlor Street and looks along Bligh-stroet a now coffeo palace booms up, impressive, lofty, and cold; bo cold that no summer «un will ever make it look warm, no morning radiance or evening glamour ever redeem it from a ftigid solidity. As ono looks west from King-strcot ono seos the samo-tho cold grey 6tuooo of another coffee palace. As ona turns in from Goorgo-streot to look for the Maison dorée, another pepper-and-salt building greets him. All aro well-built onoogh, but an architect has some- thing to considor besides foi ni, ho must regard colour aleo if his work ia to show to good advantago. Hor Majo«ty'B Theatre is another example, of a lino bu Uling with a home loss, comfortless colour, in sinking contrast to tho warmth of Farmer's warehouse opposite, Tho Atlienteum Club is still another brilliant showing of good form and bad colour. Comparo the effect of the Union or tho Now South Wnlos Club with that of the Athenreum. It is geniality sot against cynicism ; welcome sot against repulsion. No out- lines, no strength in for.n, and imposing freedom of stylo will ever overcome bad colour. The hand«omoat, homoliost, buildings in the city oro of brown Btono. And speaking about architecture, the president of the Institute of Architects would relievo the public mind if he would set down in detail those crimes which he lays at the door of somo members of his profession, he and Dr. Creed should shake hands and join issues, for the efforts of both have been levelled against quackery. And Mr. Fullwood, the artist, might also completo the triangle, for he is a sworn enemy to the oopyist and tho empire. They might take for their motto Hal of Monmouth's words " We would not air in that man's company That fears his fellowship to die with us, We few, we happy few, we band of brothers." Mr. Julian R. Ashton did not waste any timo in Tasmania. He has brought back a pretty heap of black and white sketches and water-colours from tbe picturesque little island -- one of the most pic turesque little islands in the world. What he thinks of Tasmania may bo judged from tho enthusiasm, the brightness, and the feeling in the work which he has done. He considers Tasmania a mine for the artist, and Port Arthur particularly. His sketches of the old settlement are being prepared for the Graphic, for whioh ho is also preparing articles on the same place. The combination ought to be a success. There is n pilo of gloomy but interesting incident stored iu the Tains of Port Arthur-the world will never know how many. Marcus Clarke raised tho ghosts of tho past in " His Natural Life," but not all. His talos of little ohildrcn, driven to thoir doom, white-faced, ironod, treated like bouts, and committing suicide to eaoapo their ever-lengthening chain, could be supplemented bv hundreds suoh as they were, could bo colourod, and still colourod, and tho picture not bo completo. Dead Man Island, the solitary prison with its eix doorod cells, the lunatic asylum, built to tdce in those whose reason the solitary prison had deBlroyed, the chapel where the goBpel of mercy and justice was preached, tho graves of those who, driven to ponai shame, wore driven at last into the silence that Bets shame right-these aro some of Mr. Ashton's subjects. It íb lucky that ho went when he did, for in a little while there will be nothing for the artist, or the novelist, or the poet, to work upon. Tho Government aro destroy- ing the old buildings, and ero long Port Arthur will bo a thing of the past-a dead dark memory. Should it die ? It íb better that the Bastile live in hiBtory and fiction as a warning, it is well that Port Arthur should live as a sign of what England once was-not in the time of Jefferie, but on tho borders of our own day. But unless someone steps in and gets together the records and the scenes now, there will be a page cut out of England's judicial hiitory. It is the last chance. « « . . . It is a great thing for Sydney to have amongst us so renowned an artist as' Mr. Santloy. In the trat music centres of Europe it is the continual presence of the high priests of mueio-il art which more than aught else conduces to genuine and per- sistent progress. In those centres oro to bo found not only tho composers who from time to timo oréate new music for tho world to hear, an 1 not alone the celebrated teachers who have proved thoir worth by their successes, but also the most compe- tent executive artists who perennially oxhibit to the publio tho host works performed in tho best way, and who thus serve as models for lessor lights to imi- tate. In these moro distant corners of the oarth it is the comparative lack of such accredited models which is one of the chief barriers to genuine advance. Therefore whou renowned artista visit our shores we ought to welcome thoir advent not meroly for the immediate pleasure we expeot to derivo from their performance», but still more for the lasting good influence which their examplo Bhould loove behind. In Mr. Santley we have one of the most accomplished vocal artists the World has seoo. Everyone knows this, and there- fore everyone who hears him will-consciously or uneoneciously, and to a greater or lesser extent-be influenced and led by him, and by his doings. Ho may exemplify rather than propound ; nevertheless, he becomes, even in spite of himself, a teacher-by examplo, if not by precept On the other hand, it ia a great thing for even bo famed an artist as Mr. Santley to bo privileged aye, privileged !-to bring to such a placo as Sydnoy tho preaching of his art-mission. Every great artist has his mission, and his duty as woll namely, to mako tho very most of tho " ton talents " with which ho has beon endowoJ. He may think to como to Australia on a " holiday tour," or to reouperato and rojuvenato, but ho cannot avoid the obligations o£ his existence, and those obligations inevitably involve tho loyal fulfilment of his mission. Suoh a one can only como hither under the weight of a tremendous responsibility, personal and artistic. Whatever ho does will not only seem to the general publio as good in itself, but will also bo accepted by them as right in tho abstract Whatsoever ho does, othorswill strive to imitate; and wherosoover ho loads, others will attempt to follow-ho cannot avoid his fato, and his influence must remain, either for good or for ovil. On no artist is there thrown a graver weight of responsibility than on the vooalist, for the simple roason that voice is nature's universal gift to all mankind. Mr. Santley has already, during the last two ovonings, exemplified how to sing simple musio artistically ; but does his mission extend no further than this ? To his very finger-tips he is known to be a true artist-ono who has experienced what it ia to be endowed with gifts superior to those possessed by his fellow-craftsmen. Has ho been misinformed as to the musical taste end culture of Sydney ? _ If Sydney has been vilified and spoken of as a city wherein is no appreciation of genuinoly good »usic, tho allegation may be refuted by facts, and for these facts there is no need to travel outside the present week; indeed, the two evenings imme- diately preceding Mr. Santley's first concert supply the evitlenoe. On Tuesday evening, at Madame Summerhayes' concert, Grieg's pianoforte Concerto in A minor gained a full measure of publio applause. On Wednesday, at the Orpheus Club concert, a thoroughly classical programme mot with pro- nounced manifestations of approval. Theroat wore ptrformed one of the finest of Mondolssohn's string qtartettes ; a RubeoBtein trio for piano, violin, and vuloncello; Max Bruch's G minor violin Con oaito, and pianoforte aolos by Chopin and Jadassohn ; ti« programme being filled "up with a 'collo Bolo by ont of the lesser composers, and by two high-olass sarge-tho one by Gounod and the ot'ier by Handel This» were not only well performed by tho artists, but-and this is the real point-thoroughly ap < predated by the audience. What is the moral ? The\e foote surely show that in Sydnoy thoro aro thou to whom the higher kind of musio is no «ranter, and by whom it is woll liked. If, there v Li ' Santl°y wil1 favour Sydnev with some of h» eW«er songs, he may be Büro that his efforts will heet with duo appreciation. We may be thank«! indeed for the opportunity of hearing his inimitable rondoring of oven simple ballads; but it oui;ht not to be too much to hope Ihnt ho will favour us als» with his oqually inimitable reading of oven higher things. * . * . « . Tho failure of "Amos Clark" nt Hor Majesty's Theatre is sueeestivo o£ tho tendency of the drama. Tho play wai vi>ry well seventeen )Oir* ngn, but this is nrnpid age. Mun como and go, and pirns, like other concerns, do not go on for« over. On tho contrary, thoy chango in stylo very quickly. "Amos Clark " i» a ense in point. This drama, with its quaai-hi-torical air, was produced in October, ÏH72-tho samo month which gave lifo to Mr. W. G. Wills' play, "Châties tho Fir^t," Mr. Watts-Phill¡pB' drama waB eulogised. Mr. Qoorgo Rignold made a hit in tho unsympathetio iharaotor of Amos, who has been justly described as a murdoror, falso friend, and forgor. The London press praisod Mr. Rig nold's performance. Tho peoplo of ' Now York admired him in the part whon ho acted it at Booth's Thoatro. It is but natural that Mr. Rignold should fool hurt nt tho cold reception which is now accorded tho drama. But, if Mr. ItUnold reflects, ho will find that tho timo has passed for " Amos Clark " and dramas of its kind. Plays dealing with history aro seldom satisfactory. Thoy cannot competo with the splondid example* set by Shakespeare, whoso stage histories aro matchloís dramatic compositions, teeming with floäh mid blond and. compared to which, later work» on a Bimi ar ambitious platform, aro dullard inanimate. Modorn wriiora, again, pervert hi-tory as it ploaso* thom. Most of " Amo3 Clark " is puro supposition ; it is notion, not history. " Charlo* the First " ia admittedly faho to history, but its errors in this direction aro atonod for by its beauty and pathos. The spread of education has had its influence on tho stage, as on ovcrything else Year by year life becomes a closer race than ever, and the prize is always to tho swiftest. The man who can think and act quickly succeeds beyond his brother who ¡B more able but slower. Consequently wo do not care about plays which contain long epecchos and littlo action. Nor do wo toko tho slightest interest in events which deal with tho past, events which aro dead nnd obliterated, events which it is worthless to attempt to revivo now-a-days. Tho public do-ires pictures of tbo present, and the Eenational writers of to- day-with all thoir faults-have been far-seoing in this respect. Tboy appoal to our knowledge of life as it is, not as it has been. The much-decriod shipwrecks, railway collisions, and real horsos-meretricious as thoso oflects un- doubtedly aro-have succoodod, for the simple reason that every man, woman, and child in the theatre can imagine them, and can place him or her self in an exactly similar situation to that pre- sented on the stage. Herein lies the success of melodrana. A modorn author-Mr. A. W. Pinero, Mr. Sydney Grundy, or Mr. H. A. Jones would not- dream of placing his story two conturies back. People do not talk in blank verse now, and they have not tho timo to think of those who did. They want something that comes nearer home. Melodrama is not groat woik, but it is good work, and it is preparing tho way for aomothinir bettor. The days of " Varlots, get you hence,"%re over, and we now only smile whou a man, in a serious quarrel, addresses his adversary as an " Insatiate liar." -- Tne (-tiig-e Is only just escaping from its thraldom of conventionality. " Amos Olark " is hcdgiid in with this dramatio oppres-ion. So, also, is " Guarios the First," but that play has more pathos than " Amos Clark," and Mr. Henry Irving can afford himself the luxury.of support from iuoh an actress as Ellen Terry, who can be natural and yet spon- taneous, queenly in her dignity and yet of great womanly tenderness and ineffable oharm. Irving's Charles and Miss Terry's Queen Henrietta, are worthy and stately works of the actor's art. It so falls out that thoro is still vitality in " Charles the First," but this íb not because of the play, but because of the acting in it, although, be it said, Mr. Will's drama contains much line writing, and at least one powerful scene. But this play 'would not be so popular now if it werd represented as in 1872. Would the playgoers of to-day stand an actress representing a queon who expresses her- self in English blank verse, talking with a foreign accent? Such a "futile attempt at realism" as this would be justly resented. Yet Miss Isabel Bateman, the original Henrietta Maria, spoko with an assumed accent, a solecism which would not be pardoned in 1889. Mauagera, like authors, must move with tho times. Tboy must look forwards rather than backwards. Their plays should suggest possibilities ; they should not aim at resuscitating I drv bones. TRIUMVIR. 