V: flO\\-eU0t ? Tbe Midnigbt Prophecy OR, HEIR OP STRATHSPEY TOWERS. . Jiy Emma Garrison Jones. pHAPIBR XXXVI. ibWIH FINDS A OLVM. Lady Ceoilia Drummond bad issued ' - ' cards for a large , party, and it ohanced that Lady Neville's maid had fallen ill. 'Don't you think you can find timo to dress' me, Janet, when you have done withi Lady 'Marguerite ?' questioned her '.a Janet waa sure she could, and accord' : Tingly, :haviiig robed Lady Pearl in her ? jiale,' golden silk, and fastened the pearls about lier lovely throat and in her golden , ,.. hair, she tripped aoross to Lady Neville's xnagniuueuo uioiPiM8'»uw'«i ' You'll have to hurry a trifle, Janet, ' , said i her ladyship; 'we've, no time to lone, and I do not care to be late.' i : ' So; Janet set to work with nimble fingora. She was an artist in her way, and her , tasbe in dross was exquisito. 'lUally, Janet, I must compliment your skill, '' said the earl's handsome aiater, surveying herself in a mirror; 'my hair is perfect. And now,' she added, graciously, 'b® good enough to select what ornaments I : shall wear ; no doubt you Ituowbetter than I.' Janet surveyed her with a critical eye, , torn the crown of her handsome blonde . : ihwd to the flowing train of her swooping iblaok srelret robe. ? ??iDiaiwonds,' she said, eurtly, unlock ana thojewei-case j u the solitaire inyour ?bosom, and. these braoejets— not the bandeau, 'tis too heavy— and these .camellias aro.inueU more becoming, with Va spriR of green an4 scarlet to give them ' °°Lndy Neville smiled' as'.Jawot olasped ?the jewels, and fastened the flowers in her Ihair. t ' ? ' 1 shall have to bribe you awny from Lndy Marguerite,' she said, pleasantly. ' I havo not been ao well dressed in a month. And there's .the Oarriase ; and here comes Lady Pearl 1 My cloak and gloves, please.' Janet. brought them, and as she threw the elegent ? mantle over the stately matron's shoulders, she said, in her quiet way:-.- ;r:;r. ?' l am very sorry, Lady Neville, but I shall be compelled to leave on Mon day.' . ?- : Lady Neville turned and stured at her in amaze. 'To leave, Janet she oricd. ''For what reason, pray ? Do you want higher wages ? What is it t' ' No, my lady ; my wages are satis factory, but there are personal matters that force me to leave, and I .rogret it, verv much.' ' So do I,' said her ladyship, candidly. ' You are a refilled, capable girl, and I' should very much' 1 like Lady Marguerite to keep you after, her. marriage, Janet. You would' hiive' a permanent home.' 'I am very sorry,' said Janet,- 'but I am compelled to go, at least for a time.' 'But you will , come back to mov Janet,' cried Pearl, who had entered and heard the conversation ; ' you will come back to me V' 'Indeed I will, my dear young- lady, just as soon as I can,' implied Janet, the tears rising to her eyes. 'Well,' said Lndy Neville, 'I am sorry ; but if it cannot be helped, thero's no use in wasting words about it. Gome, Marguerite, the carriage waits, and we shall barely make the drive in time.' They swept out of the room and down the broad staircase, and Janet, crossing to the window, watched them as thoy en tered the carriage. Sir Bayard Brompton, who was a guest at tbe Towers, was their escort, of course. He ran down the steps, bowing and smil ing, and assisted them into the carriage, and Janet's watchful eyes saw that L?dy Marguerite, iu her golden drapery, shrank away from his touch with ill-concealed aversion. ' Poor little Pearl I' she sighed, and the tears that filled her eyes overflowed and trickled down her cheeks ; poor little Pearl I She dislikes him now, and she'll hate him by and by. Poor little girl, who never know- -a mother's love I' It breaks my heart to leave her in the troubles . that's coming ; but I must, I must go and find my lady I There's something in my heart that tells me I must go I' --/'? ?? : ????''?, She turned from the window into the sumptuous apartment. . All the rooms at the Towers were very quaint and grand, and this one, choBen by Lady Neville was very large, and gorgeously furnished in blue and gold; Just across was a suite of three, in pink, and white, and gold, which the earl had especially refurnished for his daughter, and beyond, gloomy and silent, was the great crimson state-chamber, the birth and bridal-room of the Strathspeys, closed and locked, and filled with haunt ing spectres. Janet Burns stood looking about her, the pale, flaxen hair pushed back from her brow, her heart filled with memories of days gone by. She half fancied she could see the countess as she looked in the | early days of her happy- wifehood, tripping through the grand rooms, and filling them with musio and sunshine. And now, where was she ? Shut up in a mad-house, or perhaps dead of a broken heart 1 Tne gril locked her hands in fierce determina tion, her oyes glowing beneath her frilled cap. . ' I'll find her,' she said, ' if she's alive or dead — I'll find her, my dear, dear lady!' She turned to tho silver and ebony toilet table, and began to gather up the costly trifles and put them in theirrespec tive places — jowels, and laoes, and dainty ^ gloves, and gold perfume flasks, and all the nameless paraphernalia of a fine lady's toilet. Presently she pickcd up a little mother anA H. .lio «... in II,. act of slipping it into a drawer, it fell from her hand, scattering its contents on the carpet at her feet. Janet gathered thom up, pretty era bossed. cards, all insoribed with .noble names, and was returning them to the caBe, but one, coarser and larger than the reBt, obstructed the closing of the lid. She drew it out, and in so doing the printed names upon it arrested her atten tion. ; 'Milfred Grange, Private Asylum for .the insane. Doctors , J. T. . Crane - and George Mcintosh,- managers. ' - For the moment- she held it in her hand, half unconsoious of what it meant. Then the truth flashed upon her. She uttered a joyful cry: ' Thank Heaven, I havo found the clue at last 1' Meanwhile Lady Neville's carriage drove to the residence of ; Sir- Varney Drummond. C«:M IfntmnM AS WA Atniffad in antt lln-1 in obedience Io a whim of his wife, taken a country mansion called 'Tho Firs,!' right under the shadow of tlie Scottish hillii, and orily.'an hour's drive from Strathspey Towers. Lady Cecilia had boon most cordially : invited to spend the spring months at the Towels, with Lady Neville, but she took a fanny to have an establishment of heeown, and poor old Varney gratified her, as ho did in everything else, arid now »he was giving a ball at ' The Firs,' a kind of masquerade, to which all the surrounding magnates were invited. - The Earl of Strathspey was there, and also liis hopeful son and heir. Lord Angus. Now, Lord AngUs was a blaok. sheep, but it does Hot follow that he was an ill looking one, or any the less a favorite with tho feminine portion of his acquaint ances. Men detested him, as they , al ways do a rogue and a reprobate, no matter what might be their own private feelings ; but ladies, as a general rule, fanoied him, for Lord Angus was hand some, after a fashion, and graoefully im pudent, and more than all-lie was an earl in prospective. He opened the ball with Lady Ceoilia and her ladyship never in ail her life looked more dazzling. The dance over; she sought the enrl, liis fathor, and found him on the balustrade, staring out at the s|lent. starlit hills. . 'Now, my lord earl, ' said .the grace ful lady, laying a light hand on his arin ; ' « is this complimentary f I invite you to my. ball ; you come, and I Hud you out here star-gating.' ' , , . « The earl turned and faced her, and his gloomy eyes brightened. _ Her sheeny robes and glinting jewels, and hor bright, bewitching faoe made, such a picture; 'I beg your ladyship's pardon,' he said,.' but I am in. no mooa.for gayety to-night ; yet/' he added, gallantly, ' the sight of you, like the sun, haa driven away half my gloom already.' : '? Then let me drive away the other, half,' ahe said, gaily,' as she took, his arm ; ' I'm not going to have yon Sulking through the evening. Come, well-look in at my flowers ; Sir Varney had thenr arranged only yesterday, .and- well got back to the musio-room in time for the redowa, I opened the ball with your son, lie's a charming dancer.' 'I am glad to hear it,' replied the earl,, bitterly,' he 'needs tb;.;m. charming ini something.' ' \V ay, Lord Strathspey, for shame,' she cried, her wioked eyes dancing, ' he's vory agreeable, and a decidedly handsome young man; I'm sure.' ' ? 'I'm glad to hear it, Lady Cecilia,' replied the moody earl. 'Oh, you're ill- tempered, Lord Strath spey,' she said, pettishly, ' and' I'don't allow gentlemen to be cross witli me — what's the matter, what can -I do to cqm fortyou?' . , 'I am. past being comforted, Lady Drummond 1' They had entered the greenhouse, and slis turned from him an instant and broke off a oluBter of creamy white rosebuds, which emitted a rare, sweet odor. . _ ' Arigus,' she said, returning to his side again, with the fragrant cluster in her white fingers and her lovely, be wildering face all tremulous with tender emotion, ' Angus, have you quite for gotten the old days when you and I were young together ? Don't you remember how you would come to me when you were vexed or troubled, and I always had power to soothe and comfort you? Let me be the same friend now, let me help and comfort you.' Her pleading face, her tremulous, dulcet voice, the touoh of her white hands as they clasped his arm, .and the subtle odors of the flowers, half . bewildered; the poor, remorse-stricken, sorrow-wearied nobleman. His cold heart thrilled at the mention of his youth. 1 ' Ah me,' he sighed, mournfully ; ' if we could go bao t to those days, Lady I Cecilia, I might hope for health and comfort, but now— there's . nothing for me but despair and death.' ' You shall not say so, dear friend,' the white hands tightening their ' clasp, the glowing face and melting eyes draw ing nearer and nearer ; ' there's health and comfort yet. , I know how it . is ;; I know all about this lonely, dreary, deso lation ' — her eyes filling with tears, that made them all the brighter, her red lips quivering — ' yet I won't give up to de spair. But oh, Angus,' she added', giv ing way to an outburst of passionate emotion, ' what a pity it is that we ever parted, you and I, we were such true friends and we were so happy ; and all these' after days have been so unutterably miserable.' , The earl gazed at her hidden faoe and drooping figure in utter amazement, and then his eye& began to soften. It is hard for even a British peer to withstand the blandishments of a woman like my Lady Ceoilia. ' I wish to Heaven we never had parted,' he burst out, scarcely conscious of what he had said. 'If we never had, I should have been spared .many an hour of sliame, and agony. She started, and brushed the tears from her cheeks. . ' Oh, Lord Strathspey, I beg your par don,' she cried, with well-affeoted inno cence. ' I don't know when I was so overcome; pity for your sorrows stirred up my own. Let it pass and be forgotten,' please,: ; And now,'' she- continued, :aniil- ing, with the tear-drops on her long lasheB, ' here are your pet roses'' setting the creamy cluster in his , button-hole ; ' you usod to love them long ago. You see I remember all your fancies ; and now I am' not going to have you moping one bit — you shall not, my lord I Your troubles. are well over, and years of hap piness may yet be yours.'. The earl- shook his head, but she led him off through tho dim, flowery aisles, at her very brighest, like an April day, after her momentary gloom. Through the wilderness of blooming flowers, with the musical, plash of foun-' tains, aud the song of birds in his ears ; and more entrancing, more bewildering than all, with her white hands olasping hia arm, her sparkling face almost touch ing his shoulders, and her soft, sweet whispers soothing him, the Earl of Strathspey wandered, half forgetting his sorrows, naif forgetting that fond, true heart that broke and bled in solitary con fi element, and feeling the blood thrilling through his veins with something , of its old fire and ardor. Lady Cecilia watched him, with exul tant glances, from beneath her raven laslies. The hour of her triumph was at hand ; the hour for which she had planned and' waited for half her life-time ; and now, at the last, when her revenge was almost within her grasp, her heart began to relent and soften, and the old girlish love, the only love she had ever known, to reassert itself.' They returned to the ball-room in lime for the redowa, but Lord Strathspey de clined to dance, ?'?' 'The honor of your hand is a great temptation, Lady Drummond,' he said, gallantly, 'but for me to dance would be worse than mockery, J §h&Il; npver dance again.' Lady Cecilia pouted and shrugged her pretty shoulders, and Lord Angus, chanc ing to pasB near at the moment, she cried out, wilfully : ' My lord, your father is .so very un gallant that he refuses to darica with mo,' and here I stand without a partner.' .. . The young man was 'at :iuir: side'iri, a twinkling. ' II your ladship will allow mo tho honor ?' he s iid, with a bow and a smile,' as he proffered her his arm. She accepted At, shaking her fan at the earl, and away they floated, as the instru ments broke out with a crash. Lord Strathspey stood am} watchod them with; a hard, bitter look in his eyes., That son,' for whose sake he hnd wrerked his own happiness, was a sore thorn in the flesh to him, a humiliation and disgrace. Only a few months before he had paid out a snug little fortune to liquidate HiB debts, and every day brought some new story of his dreadful dissipation and dis graceful liaisons. . ' I wonder what marriage would do for him V'* tho eavl thought, us he followed, him with- moody, troubled eyes. ' A i man of. his calibre never reforms ? his brutality and coarseness would break any 1 woman's heart. ' And he's my only son — the last one of all my noble raoe I Great heavens, I wonder if tlie earth holdB an other man so utterly accursed asl am 1' A troop of masked figures were crowd ing past him, and all at once a voioe rang I in hia,! ear like a trumpet, and again he heard. ; the fearful words whioh, years before, had predicted a felon's fate for his :6wn'son''!f : ' ' ; ' ! : The ea(l grew ghastly white, gasped for breath, ' arid after ' one horrible, dizzy moment fell'like a log to the floor, 1 CHAPTER XXXVII. . s , LADY OEOILU'8 CRIME.: . It was late in' May, and Lord Strath* spey had been- lying ill at- ' The Firs -' for a, couple of weeks. His malady was brairi- fever, of a most aggravated ,typa, and the medical men would not suffer him to be moved. Moreover, Lady Drummond would not agree to it. He was one of her oldest friends, and she felt it a privilege to bo able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless man that he was I ? The earl was very ill,'nnd in imminent danger of death. The grave doctors warned Lady Neville that she must be prepared for tlie worst. She and Lady Pearl were permanently established at 'The Firs,' until tho crisis of the di sease should be over. Sir Bayard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at the Towers, riding over to Lady Drummond's every day, to learn how his father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final orisiB was. at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon hiB pillows, his breath coining in panting (.'asps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on lier knees iu her own chamber, and poor little Pearl had sob bed herself into a troubled sleep ; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never . left the sick man's pillow. She stood and watched him with a kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her handB looked, her white teeth set, her black eyes glittering. It waB her work, and yet at that moment she would freely have given the soul fror- her body to un do it. - The tiny French clock on the mantel ticked away the laggard moments, and the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely seeming to breathe. Lady Cecilia's eyes never once left the white, death-stricken face. - ? 'Oh; if ho might live, if he might live,' was the one cry of her heart. She could not pray. She knew no God, sho had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and hi^'h-born lady. All her hopes were centered in li e ! Aud in thnt terrible moment, all her love, fierce and selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clock struck for midnight, and the dootors exchanged glances. For one moment their patient lay breathless, his eyes closed, his hundt lying limp and white on tlie coverlid; Then there came a suddon, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids fluttered, the labouring breathing subsided,- and a gentle Bleep fell upon the sufferer like a benediction. ' He'll live,' said the doctors, in a breath, ' the danger's past !' ? Lady Cecilia uttered a cry of joy, and fled away to her own chamber to weep the passionate tears she could not re strain^ ; . Her paroxysm of emotion over, She flung the casement wide open, and sat down to refleot. All her mad, snlfish, passionate nature was in a tumult, but supreme above every other feeling was her love, the love which negleo't and'coldness and time, had'- failed to subclue. She had worked for her re? venge upon, this man who had played her false, and in the end, when her. way was clear, she found 'tho' old love rising up, stronger oven than her hate. . She. bared her queenly-head . to the night . winds; ? and raised her troubled gaze to the silent, starlight Bky, and let her thoughts rove back to those: early days, when her hopes' were so bright. 'I could win him yet,' she said, at last, between her set teeth, 'I could, wear the coronet I always coveted, if I were only free /' She hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant whisper, and her eyes wondered through an open door into the chamber where poor old Sir Varney lay. A benig nant, generous old man, with a . heart as tender and simple as a child's, and only one failing, his weak, indulging love for the woman \yho was his wife, Her eyes \Yi»P(l«red toward the cham ber, fnll of passionate soorn and con tempt. She could sue him lying on his couch, his silver hair streaming over the pillow and around his peaceful fuce. ' The old dotart 1'' she murmured, her fine lips ourling. ' Will hp live forever, Iwondur? I married him for hisgold** why can't he die now, and set me free— why can't he.?' . In the soft spring moonlight that streamed through tho casement her face looked like the face of a beautiful fiend. ' I 'could win him. All things prosper witli me. .1 could b-' Countess of Strath spey yet, if 1 tnere only free V S]io uttered tho words in a kind of breathless way, and lier fasoiuated gaze still sought Sir Varney's cliati ber. Once in lier mind, the horrible idea seemed to possess aud control her. She arose softly, and crossed into the room on tiptoe. ' 'Strong and hoalthv— he'll live for ever I' she uttored, gazing down upon tho sleeping baronet's face ; 'and I am bound to him, What a fool t w\s | Not even his gold arid title were worth this. Why can t the old fool die?' Once give way to a temptation and it haunts you to- the ' end. Lady Drum mond'i faoe grow white and set in the misty moonlight, nnd her :eyes began to glitter with'a baleful .light.' 'Why not?'' she murmured, in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. ' Better wo muu than I am have, doue as bid. I can't live on, fettered to an old dotard— I can't — I won't!' , , , ? The passionate whisper half routed Sir Varnoy; he turned on his pillow and murmured incoherently. She watched him with burning eyes till he relapsed into sleep ; - then she crossed the room' and entered a small oloset, fitted out like a cabinet, with innumerable rows of bottleB on the shelves. One of these she selected— a tiny, slender vial, filled with a whitish kind of mixture — and puiting it in her bosom, re-looked the cabinet ? and returned to tho chamber. Sir Vurney; was stirring again,' .and slightly moaning, as if in pain. Presently he raised himself to a sitting posture, and Ilia eyes fell upon his wife. dSS ?' Why, Cecilia 1' ho said, in the kind voice with which he always addressed her; ' why are you up ao late, ohild ? What's the matter ? Is the earl worse ?' . 'No; he's better, Sir Varney.' ' Well-, I'm truly 'glad; Ceoilia, my love, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a; strange, uupleaBant sensation I 1 must have had a rush of blood to the brain, or something of the kind.' .. . , . ' ? I His wife arose with alacrity. She had ; hearkened to the voice of the teinpter, and he was prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. She orossed to the little table upon whioh the wine service stood, and turn ing her back upon h-ir husband, poured out a glass ; then, without an instant's hesitation, she drew the little vial from her boBom, and removing the cork, poured about half the . whitish mixture into the wine. It was all done, and the vial re- hidden in lier bosom, in the space of a breath. 'Will you drink it undiluted, Sir Varney?' she asked, approaching tho bed. ' Yfes, my dear, I'll take it just so. I'm feeling. miserably weak.' She put the glass in his hand, and* he drained it at a draught. /' Why, ohild, lie said, 'it hasa bitter ish taste, or perhaps my tongue's fevered. There, that will do,' as she smoothed out his pillow. ' Thank you, ' my love, and I'm sorry to have troubled you. Go to bed now — please do. You'll bo ill to morrow, and I don't like to see my dar ling's cheeks pale.' She turned to leave him, arid had half crossed the room, when he called her back. ' Cecilia,' , he said, ' I'm foolish and childish to-night Won't you kiss me once before you go ? I believe if you do 1 shall he able to sleep.' She turned back, and kissed him with outa word. ' Myoea-t iful darling, my own, own wife,' he murmured, stroking her head caressingly. ?^he hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully white and horror-stricken. ' I am free — I am free,' she whis pered, in a dazed sort of way, as she entered her own apartment and locked ' herself in. (To be continued. ) 