OUR NORTHERN DEPENDENCY. No. 1. [By our Special Reporter.] In a series of articles entitled "To See the White Elephant," the writer gave his Impressions of his experiences in the Northern Territory, and kindly corre- spondents hare led him to beltev« that his eflfbrte to depict for th« benefit of the readers of The Advertiser what he mr and what he did were not altogether nnaacce?sfnl. He had got m far In hia adventures as the Union, and was able to speak of some ac quaintances made there such, as the lady familiarly known as the " Alligator," bat who instead of devouring tv, set be fore us most excellent meals for our delectation. WeH, with j this chapter In our history the narrative came to a fall stop. It may have been thought by some that after saosessfally iMbttng the mveh-talked-of fever and ague of the northern land the writer had only eoxne back to Adelaide to give np the ghost. There may Indeed have been many people (excluding of coarse creditors and all such unpleasant pexaonages) who hoped that this might prove to be the case, and they axe to be aympatbised with in the rode awakening from a sense of happy security which the publication of of this article may oscaaion. Bat this is not so. Fever and ague have had no part in the non-appearance of the papen regarding the " White Elephant." Pressure of work in other directions has led to the abandonment of a doty which has also been • pleasure; bob now the opportunity presents Itself once more of discussing some of the events which befel the Mlntofc?rfi?l party in that little known possession of South Australia, most mv euphemistically known as the Northern Territory. There was much that hap pened that fa worth the telling ; there Is much to describe that is worthy of better | treatment. If some there be who are not tired already ot hearing of the " White Elephant," it may be that their pains in reading what la to follow may not be alto gether unrewarded. We did not stay the night at the Union. That was no part of oar plan. If It had been we should have been dis appointed. There waa no Bleeping ac commodation for us, and we had not yet prepared ourselves for the luxury of camping out. So after having partaken of a sound midday meal, washed down wijth libations of lager beer brought up for the purpose of assaugtng the thirst of the journeyers, we once more bestrode our horses and started out under the hot noonday sun for Pine Creek. It was only a ride of some nine miles, and we were fresh and ready for the work before us. Mr. Macpherson, the manager of the battery, and the "Alligator," waved us a kindly adieu, the Chinese residents stood in little groups chattering among themselves and giving occasional.smiles, no doubt excited by oar somewhat non descript appearance, and a email knot of labras, who had been engaged for the day to wash-np and perform sundry other menial offices, showed their white teeth as we generously showered our loose coppers amongst them. What shall be said of the journey to Pine Creek ? It was hi reality little different to the trips that had preceded it There was little to be seen to cause undue curiosity; it required the eye of a buahman like Inspector Foelsche to detect any thing that might be deemed extraordinary in tiie scanty foliage of the trees or the dense undergrowth. By the way, the genial inspector, who Is as modest as he Is genial, has received an honor In the botanical world, fie made a discovery of some new species of tree—a team of wfld bullocks could not drag.the name from me—and his own name was promptly at tached to tills sample of Northern Terri tory flora. He is not at all puffed up by the compliment; in point of fact he will ride most Indifferently past a Foclschi whatever- the-rest- of-fta-name-ls, and no one would for a moment gatherfrom his de meanor that he was in the vicinity of such a lasting testimony to his fame. So It Is always. The great regard such tokens as trifles. The writer of these lines, and probably some of his readers, would un doubtedly go into ecstasies even If some new variety of stinkwort were dignified by the addition of his name. These honors and titles seem always to be con ferred on the wrong individuals. Just fancy Pinus Private Seeretarii! It is enough to. make one's month water! There was one thing pointed out to the South Australians as they rode along to Pine Creek, and in Itself it was quite sufficient evidence of the danger of travel ling in the Northern Territory during the rainy season. It was only a mile or so from the Union that we were^threading our way through the narrow pathway, in some places almost hidden by the long dry grass, when we had to cross a ford down which the waters rush tempestuously at certain periods. The road was only about 2 feet in width, and just to the left was what might almost be described as a yawning chasm. • At all events there was a sheer depth of some 7 or 8 feet. It was all right as we passed over. We could see where we -were going. But only imagine going across that narrow ford when your horse has to wade through 3 or 4 feet of water. Under such circumstances you have to trust to the instincts of the animal you are be striding. Woe betide you if the said ani mal makes a false step. Because down you go and you will probably have a diffi culty In getting up again. Especially if you are as good a horseman as the writer. The chances are that if there had been but one foot of water over that dreadfully small suspension bridge this veracious chronicle would never have seen the light. Thle might or might not have been of ad vantage, bub so delicate a question as this needs to be discussed by others. Pine Creek is situated two miles from Olaf Jansen's battery. The site of the railway terminus on our arrival did not present a very pretentious appearance. The township, which is hereafter to be known as Play ford, consisted of two i houses, in one of which we found the police trooper. Poor fellow, he was only just recovering from an attack of fever, and was hi the shivering stage, but he did the honors of the place in a thoroughly satisfactory manner. It was now growing dark, and we were all anxious to push on to Mr. Jansen's hospitable roof. "When Mr. Jansen does a thing he does it well, and as it is not every day that he has a Minister of the Crown as a gneat. we knew that we were In for first-class treatment, which would Btand ont rather la contrast to that to which we had been accustomed since leaving Port Darwin. Just as Mr. Jansen's house came into view we were shown the creek in which the special cor respondent who accompanied a previous Ministerial party very nearly lost his life. Then that creek was a torrent; it was a very ordinary kind of stream when we saw it. Mr. Jansen came out to meet us, and gave as a warm welcome. We who had not seen him before gazed at him with more than OEual interest, for -though in appearance he Is as little romantic as one could possibly imagine, there has been a good deal of romance m his career. What companies with faiily large capital. were unable to accomplish he has been able to do. He has single- handed surmounted difficulties which have demolished associations of men. He has converted failure by good honest work into success, and knowing hie history it la satisfactory to learn that he baa now started on a well-deserved visit to the old country. It Is stated that the claims held by Mr. Jansen are to be floated Into a company on the English market, and certainly it has been proved to demonstration that the Investment should be a very sound one. Bab to re turn to Mr. Jansen. Bis face fairly beamed as he waited for the tired travel lers to dismount after their somewhat fatiguing day's ride. Every prepara tion lifcd been Kfrde lot cor re ception, and .we were only too glad to wash away the status of travel and seat ourselves round Mr. Jansen's hospitable board. The settle ment—for such It may almost be called, taking Into account Mr. Jansen's own snug little residence, the numerous out houses, and tiie battery-house—on the occasion of our visit contained one lady, who .was acting as housekeeper to Mr. Jansen. No one but a traveller in the Northern Territory wilds knows how wel come Is the sight of a female form, and I can only pot on record my testimony of the invariable klndnera extended to us by this lady daring our all too brief stay In Pine Creek. The luxuries of that first meal—lndeed of every meal—can better be Imagined than described. We could hardly have had more excellenb treatment In the best hotel In the southern colonies. And the cold lager beer with which the viands were washed down ! It was like nectar from the gods. Mr. Jansen must have thought that we were a rare lot of thirsty souls for he had ordered up a special quantity of lager for on atten tion. It was nob a very long while before we turned Into bed, though we did sit for a while In Mr. Jensen's wide verandah talking over things in general. Then we retired to rest, and did not awake until the " music of the stampers" was heard. The term "music of the stampers" I believe owes Its origin to Mr. Johnson. For my own part 1 like the music at a distance. The greater the distance the more I prefer 16. And I don't care altogether about being awakened from my sleep in the early hours of the morning. Still In the Northern Territory one does not care to lie in bed very late, and I believe that I saw more sunrises while I was In the land of the White Elephant than I had previously seen in the whole course of my life. Once up and dressed—thank heaven the latter operation up there Is one which does not take very long—we all went to Inspect the battery, which Is of 20 head, while everything in the battery-house has been so polished and brightened up that it was like a new phi. Mr. Jansen has In his engineer an active and Intelligent man, who, like Jem Bludso In If ay's im mortal ballad, has but one ambition, and that "to tend his engine well." And he does It too. There are a few other Euro peans employed about the place, but the majority of the workmen' are Chinese, who at the period of our visit demanded and received £2 a week for then* services. No wonder the Northern Territory has in the past been a Paradise for the China man ! And the arrogance of the heathen. One Chinese, with all the calmness born of knowledge, gravely asked the house keeper one day how much she thought " the master" would take for his mines. This was naturally a floorer for the lady, but, while aghast at his impudence, she managed to gasp ont the simple In terrogative, "Why?" This did not disconcert the yellow-skinned individual In the slightest degree. On the contrary, he merely placed his head cunningly on one side, put his arms akimbo like the veriest old washerwoman, and—bat sot having been there I cannot swear to It— gave a positive wink, " because," he said, "my buy it." If the first question had been a staggerer tills was a knock-me down which would have called forth a salvo of applause if it had occurred In the prize ring. " You, 1' interjected the lady. " Why, where would yon get the money from f "Oh !" rejoined. the Celestial, with the same air of cunning depicted on his countenance, "My get plenty money In my countly. Plenty Ilch men there send out money to buy mine here." There is no doubt this would be the frozen truth If we only permitted it. The money would be followed by the invasion of an army of Chinese, the mines, valuable as they are, would soon be in the hands of the übiquitous Chinaman, and the Northern Territory, so far as Its white population is concerned, would be abso lutely deserted. But there is a time <f retribution coming for the Chinese at Pine Creek. His term of £2 a week was we were assured* drawing to a close. The railway was being rapidly built. The snort of the IrooliQree could be heard hi imagination, and that meant the congregation of some thousands of Chinese In the neighborhood of one of the best mines In the Territory; competi tion wOl bring down prices, and John— there being so many of John—will be glad to accept a much lower weekly remunera tion than £2. When the railway I* finished there will be bad times for the Chinaman from a present wages aspect, although still glorious times from a flowery land point of view. Meantime lam sorry to think that the battery is shut down, but in a very short space of time it will, I am hopeful, be as haxd at work again as ever. But we could not stand looking at the battery and hearing funny stories about the Chinese. The pleasant tinkling of the breakfast bell was heard, or was It one of those—l was almost going to say—in fernal gongs which one hears all through the tropics ? We hurried away to get through that Important meal of the day. For we had next to Inspect the mines—the Eleanora and Telegraph claims, which are famous in the history of old Northern Territory mining. To visit the mines meant a walk, none too plea sant, as the path to be traversed was rough and stony and grassy—oh, those prickles !—and there was at least half a mile of it It seemed more like 10 miles when we were doing it; and then there was the climbing of the hill 180 feet above battery level, and a host of other plea sures of a like description. Bat ib had to be done. We had come to see the mines, not to enjoy Mr. Jansen s hospi tality. So now to breakfast. . 