THE KEITH-FALCOlER MItSSION. Syusor sis ("F iRev. J. 11. STEEL'S .LECTCIF. AT W.AullOti L, us bSexD.Y, 1lr IFeti.tn±Y. 'The first of a course of Monthly Lecture:; was irivti by the Rev. J. B. Steel. in the lresyteriatn Church, on Sunday evening last,. tilhe subjecCt being SA new chanter in the Acts of thel A}1004t,: ' Le ihall be witnesses unto R y unto nh." utitermost part ofi the earth.' \We do niot belIve in a dead Savtiour. bult in :t Saviour who once was dead. but is inow alive. Tihat He is alive is known iby tihe influence ie exerts. Whleu lie met Ihs disciples after His resurrection, He breathed on theta saving, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost. I fe mteant to cal their attentioni pointeilv to the fact that a new life was tlhroughl their instru inetttality to be imparted to the world as cnrtivly ahs t''e lise was given when "the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, alnd mata be:u nc a n iiing soul." Ohec Lord left the impree'ion of Iis spiris upon the minds atf i;s desciples. MIr in most ordnlinary life, cotlpantrtivily uneducated, tiumid, byi comunniomin with l-ihn beeane tit to sttand b irex kines and ruler:. and witnessed for oit even liunto deitli. Some iten can put their spirit upon their it mediate friends, but our Lord hlt; in ev'r generation rIised up succesaort to the Apostles, put His spirit unito thent anid seCt them to do His work of guiding, teaching, rescuing, saviog men. As he said :d It is expedient for yo tlhat I go away, for if I go not away tihe (Comforter willi not corn. onto yon, It if Ilepart I ptI will .:in"t Pim unto voO." in this age, Io.; than ever before, many melt of the best famtilies, the highest education, wealthy, in the vier prime of you' a iland healtht, have felt thei inftlence of Christ's mrind and devoted theitiulves to Ils service. This is Aposioliel succession of a divine sort. lThere isi nlo miore intense conviction in n:!C'3 iindts than that le is aliue. Olt of these Apostles, i.e., metssengers, teas Ion Keith-Falconer, son of the Earl of IKintore. lie wished to mtale: his life useful. lie hal travelled in the East. lie had a talcut for Eastcrn laguages, especiallyt 'A\rabic, the principal living Shemitic tongue. Consulting, with his wife, and finding her like-minded, he oflcred to the Church at Ihome to found, at his own iexpense, a Missiont at Aden, the only portion of Arabian territ-ory possessedl Iby I;ritai or llnyv othre civilised power. lie offered to go oult himself and toi pay the expenIses of a Itedtieal mis sionarv conunissiottil by- tiet Chlurch. this oiler wasi contially accepted. The medical missiotart it as' appointed. After stt"eving the fietld, Ite purcllhased a sit- at Sheikh Otliman, a few miles front Aden. where the principai part of the settled native population dwvelt. Tlie ietiiical missioti oeneiidr tihe way to tlhe cotidence of the, peopleo at once, and everthiig piromised wsell. IHe accepted t'le I'irofe-tSolirip of Arabic at IOxford, meaiii to10 divide his time between that and the Mission. Ont his retiurn to Shteil:h Othitan Ite was seized with fever. anll in a few days, in spite of ever: humani care, he pass d away iIn thie very prime of his itmanhood , to thie intense regret of a wide circle intcrete:l in spite of tihem selves., in his devoted life. He was not a talke!r but a doer. I do " " ' a the reaiificatiotcs of the Keith :: history, but there has alwa good deal of vigor about th are kIotosi all through the . their owa- counitry. Sotr this family were the n friends of FrederiCk of I' death stiugg!e for the existence of his kingdom. It nis they wiho told him of the Scottish parish schools which led to tihe establishment of the Prussian educational system. Thie colonies have a slight interest tit the Mission at Aden. The cldiest lbrother of lon Keith-Falconer hasjust been appointed Governor of South Australia. Another brother is aide-de-camp to the Gove-rnor of Victoria. His famnnily resolved that the Mission should still Ibe carried on. The irare value and wisdonm of the enterprise was soon mnade app.arent in a mianner most un expected. On lilth Septetmber. 1888, 1I.3M. gunboat Osprey captured three slavie vessels off the Island of Perim at the entrance of the Red Sea, after a severe engagement in which two captains of the slaves were killed. Of the slaves four were killced and four were wounded. The vessels were talken into the hlarlbor at Aiden, and the cargoes were found to consist chiefly of Abyssinian boys and girls fromn six to twenty years of age, Christians sent iby Arab traders to be cold to Mohanmmnedans at Mochlla. They are reported to have exceedingly good features, an altogetiher prepos sessing appearance, and quite distinct from thie negro type. The girls are a specially pleasing lot, many Ihaving a fairish skiin, a good cast of features and pleasing expression. most of them coming from the exictreme sonth of Abyssinia and the bordering Galla counitries to the west of the Somali, where British rule will shortlv be firmly established. Mr. William Mackinnon, C.I.E., who is employed by the Imperial British East African Association, is happily opening up the splendid country which matches with the South border of the land from which these children hare been taken, and he loolks forward to employing some of the boys when they are trained. On landing they were taken charge of by the acting political Resi dlent Colonel Stace. Many endeavors 'ere made lbyv Moliammedans to get bold of the children, especially the girls, for distribution amongst the barents of the neighborhood. But the Resident could not see his way to deliver up christian children to them. They besieged the barracks, trying to persuade the children to pro fess Mohanunmmedanism, but it was all in vain. A guard was set upon the prenlises, No one was allowed to see the children except by written pesnit. The Governor sent to the Ion Keith Falconer Mission asking them to re ceive the children. They coinuuni cated by telegraph with the church anuthoritiers and friends at home, and were instructeil to take as tmany as lthey saw a probability of cariing for. They nskedl the Government to pro -ride them with buildings, and theyv selected 62 children (31 boys and 23 girls) ranging from six to tell years of age. They resolved to provide a fund of £1500 for their maintenance, anid in two months from the day of ras.ttre one half the money was avail able. Ion Keitlh- Falconer hoped ulti niately to open a school for youths at Adien. His wish is now accom plished. His friends are greatly pleased at the new turn the work has taken. H-Is widow writes "I cannot say how delighted I felt to hear that -the Mission would probahbly take over so many of these poor children." The umother, the Countess Dowager of Kiutore, writes: " Thiis is exactly what my dlearest son had in view when he fixed on Sheikh Othiman as Iais headIquarters" All the rest, ex cept the few childrCen granted to approvedul and married Europeans, are Co be sent to Paombay or Zanzibar to be disposed of to missaons or otherwise. Dr. Lansing, of the Amiericanm lPresly terian Mission at Cairo, which Ihas trained many girls rescuedl front slavery, offers the Keith-Falconer Mission the services of one or two Abyssinian teachers who know Arabic and Suaheli likewise. Meanttime, in pre paritg prenmises for them the children are mntade useful. Six men have been employedl to dig a tank anud the boys carry aoil the earst, stones, bricks, water, lie, &c.; thuils expense is diinuiished. In the way of meals the cliil-ren get a roll of brad antl some tea at t an.m; at 11 a.m., rice, lentils and curry stuff; at 0 p.m. this meal is repeated On Sundays they get a piece of aneat at mid-day. On that dcay, too, they we,;u, their red turbaIns anid white loin-cloths which give tlhem ai very smart aplpearance. The in fluence of these clhildren on the future of their couttry it is impossible to fell. It is well reienteered that just 50 years ago two Abyssiniati boys pre seqted tlmeniselves at the house of Dr. ,iohmn Wilson iln ombay. He took them ins, clothed thtnm, fed them for lotig at his own taible, and educated them. One of these is now the Pritte Mittister of Kitig Johannes, of Abys snia, and was sent as Ambassador to the Court of Queen Victoria in 1884. The son of the otiler youth is nos re ceivitg ati education at the hiands of the Britishi Ouverniemit. We see how, pfter the lapse ofl centuries, Christ's word is still true to the very letter iin that lie raises tip witinesces to his unttme in the very utternost parts of the etrib. The dark places of the earth pre full of the hlabitations of cruelty, but Christ seuds the Comforter to ,tbide with meit, iand no imean Cotm forter ire has proved to those poor chlildren, anid coiimfort is evidently pre paritig for the itnliappy tribes in that portioti of the world. It is totetioughi that ye should have an outwardly Tespectable life, ye must give your acart's to tint. He will take the glopus off life for 3ou. Alexatldre luman, the either who in his Jktcr daiy as s acy v atclte, i-ihtel annuiemer pi other Iaoiple's work, las b.en eclipsed by Ster. Nusseranjeo Styreu-jre ( sitwall, of iroasci, stat cMuetimes riies eite- t, the "Timtes of India." ' omi-e ti-e tgago tnis getlenman with a hon' tame wrose i tisuguutful letter tunsit tie kit-c of peroftt'5sittt', itteth tuteie ut to i rnse een copitd fsot one ot Emnerson's £'-ays. Now lie hIis sriciittn ans ther letter to the same paper upon titles anut dignltics. This yas as thoaulitful as the other, and much better writteti, wIieth is tasily under sotndabi-; for tlis titue the clever Parses Iuul eotid a yard cr tao trotn Adtdison. He esy ii Ws Ihe resell ti "iti''itholsalfe" 