Jensen's Ooogress of Cabalistic Wonders. 1 9 There was a large attendance at the Town Hall on Monday night to witness the performance of Jensen's Congress of Caba listic Wonders and the audience had reason to be well satisfied with the strong and varied programme, »hich was carried out without the slightest fault. Professor R. Jensen opened the performance with bis seance of modern magic, the grace aad ease with which he executed his various and most inexplicable feats, fairly won for him the heart of his audience. Wtn greatest feature in this net was the ' Skull Ibicus,' ?which was placed on a. glass plate and covered with a glass globe, so as to exclude any electrical connection. The skull was able to tell the amount thrown with a couple of dice, also the amount to be throws, aad any card drawn from a common pack of cards. After «»«m»iwin«r the skull it was proved to be a simple skull of an aboriginal, although an imitation eVull which was placed likewise on the plate of glass worked better. Tbe second act oa the programme was a skipping-rope dance by Miss Edith Monlton, which was performed -with admirable skilL Oko Mota — the Japanese Juggler — then pro ceeded to execute his wonderful *i«mi|iiii«i. ti»n with the Can and butterflies. Tne latter were afterwards torn up, and from their remnants a great number of ribbons were thrown out in racket-like fashion. After gathering up these ribbons Oko Mota proceeded to take out of bis band about 24 balls, «ach of which was large enough to have filled a good- aged band. Then followed the marvellous feat of firing a bayonet from a rifle straight at the juggler, whe eaught tbe bayonet in his hand whilst it was flying past him. The second pare of the programme was opened with the 'Black Art/' performed by Achmed Ali Bey. This feature of the programme is not to be explained, but must be seen. Achmed Ali Bey is magni ficently dressed in Oriental robes, and bis charming assistant, Mies wytMa, is likewise attired- The scene opens in a weird-Jooking cave. Achmed Ali Bey enters with his as sistant and three servants. After going through the invocation of his invisible spirits, Achmed proceeds to call for various things, which appear in due course, appar ently from nowhere in particular. The ap pearance of a tray full of tea crockery on a table that was a moment before perfectly empty was most startling, likewise the dancing ghost, who appeared from an empty barrel and disappeared again in the same. The crowning feature, however, was the Hindoo basket trick. A boy is placed in a common wash-basket. This basket is closed, and immediately two swo.-ds are run through it. After with drawing these swords and wiping them with a clean white handkerchief they prove to be full of blood. The basket is found to be empty, and the boy appears on the other side of die stage from a barrel perfectly unfiurt. ThiB act was loudly applauded. Then followed Mr. Albert Linton, who, in less than &ve; minutes, painted a perfect landscape on a canvas 3 by 2 feet in raze ; and considering he painted it upside down we cannot but say that it was a master piece. The performance concluded with Prof. Robert Jensen's beautiful act Galatea taken from the Grecian legend, Pygmalion (Mr. R. Jensen) enters dressed as a. Grecian sculptor and proceeds to put the finish ing touch to his statue Galatea (Mrs. R. Jensen). Whilst he is at work Mephis tcpheles (Mr. W. Farmer) enters and in forms him that if he will sign himself over to tiie deviL he will endow the statue with life Pygmalian refuses, but on Mepbista threatening to. destroy the statue he yields, and Mepbista proceeds to put life into the statue. The changes are eplendily executed, and the living statue walks down off fee pedestal and Pygmalion falls enraptured at her feet, and is about to kiss the hand of Galatea, when Mephista suddenly inter feres. Owing to aclanae in the contract tbat Pygmalion was not to touch the living figure, he turns the living statue back to sham again, and with a diabolical laugh disappears. Pygmalion, in^dispair, is about to destroy the statue, when he sees a dagger lying on the ground, left there by Mephis topheles, and tries with this to reanimate the fetatue, but to his h»rror only succeeds to turn the statue into Mephistopheles.who claims him as his victim. The scenery, costumes, decorations and properties are simply first-class, and a visit to the Town HalL if only to see the drop-curtain in front of the stage (which is composed of Burmese hand-work), is alone worth the money. We cansafely say that a better company of this kind has never visited the colonies, and feel certain that Jensens' Congress of Cabalistic Wonders will draw crowded houses during their season here. To-night there will be a a change of programme, and Bis Excellency tbe Governor and Lady Breome have ex tended their patronage .foi this evening, on n-bich occasion we feel quite sure there will be a large attendance. 