THE account of the Broken Hill Pro prietary’s silver and lead mine, fur nished by our local correspondent, and which appeared in The Star last week. contains some very remarkable facts. The proprietors seem to realise wlmt Johnson called “the potentiality of wealth beyond the dreams of avarice. 1 ’ After four years’ work, said the last half-yearly report, they had greater reserves of ore in sight than ever they had before. During the half-year covered by the report the yield had been 2,677,086 oz of silver and 11,418 tons of lead, indicating an all-round average per ton of ore of 39J- oz of silver and 17 per cent, of lead. In the same period £240,000 was paid in dividends and £40,862 in works of con struction, which include mining plant and machinery, smelting appli ances, half-year was £312,664. - These are emphatically big figures, and they are supplemented by others equally striking as to the large dimensions of the in dustry which is represented by this great mine. For example, the number of hands employed is 2127, of which 1419 are working on the mine, 337 on general construction and repairs, and 354] oil the smelters. Since the forma tion of the company. £3,125,000 has been divided as;bonuses and dividends, whHe the general construction account,, consisting ehielly of plant, buildings, and-land, is credited with £228,478. To ; say that the mine looks better than ever is putting the case mildly. In the Proprietary claim (the original prospecting lease) the amount of ore in sight is greater than ever, while in Block 11 they are opening an apparently inexhaustible quarry of very rich ore. The weekly output of silver is fast nearing 200,000 oz, and it would seem that the only limit to pro duction is the capacity of the ap pliances for reducing the ore. On the “ Hill," our correspondent tells us, the lode is 160 feet wide, and in Block 11 about 235 feet. Any Ballarat miner will know what an enormous amount of material such a lode represents,' but he is told that the deeper they go the better the ore and the wider the lode. In face, it seems probable that the “make” of silver oro has not yet been explored to 1 its literal boundary on either side. 1 Before such . results and such assured pros pects 1 as these the best of our gold mines—Mount Morgan excepted— must take secondary rank. Mount Morgan so far stands alone among gold mines in its enormous quantity of auriferous material, and no comparison can be fairly instituted between the j ordinary golden quartz reef, with its! shoots and patches, its makings 1 and pinchirigs out, and either the Broken Hill or Mount Morgan'.. Each ( of 'the latter give promise of long continued and steady yields, such as could neyOr be fairly predicted of an ordinary gold mine. Strangely enough neitherof these champion claims carried much indica tion on the surface of the hidden wealth below. Mount Morgan formed part of a selector’s holding, the owner of which was well aware of the “curious stuff” to be found on and about it, and which die is said to have regarded - 'as some sort ®f iron ore. And those who had shrewder-guesses at the real nature of the aforesaid “ curious stuff” knew and guessed but little as to its valueor its extent. So with Broken Hill. The neighborhood, if not the actual hill* was well known to contain specimens which were guessed from their weight to be metallic ore of some kind, and from their color to be either lead or tin. And even' when assay had shown that- the supposed tin or lead, was rich in silver, and the Proprietary claim was pegged but, those who owned it took a very modest view of their property, fearing that from the nature of the country and its distance from port or railway, the working expenses would perhaps en gulf mine and shareholders in one common financial Slough of Despond. In truth the prospect was not over cheerful. Erom whichever side the Barrier Ranges are approached the road lies through country which in old times was the terror of the explorer, aud the death of many a would-be settler who set out to view the land and never returned. It may be shortly summed up as a saltbush desert, and for. the most part waterless as well. The faded saae green of the saltbush is monotonous to a degree, only, to be realised by those who have seen it in a dry season. There is saltbush in the gullies, saltbush on the plains, saltbush on the hills, with rare patches or strings of scarecrow timber of no higher economic value than for fire wood, and no value at all as a relief to the dreary monotony of the view. It is emphatically a dry and thirsty land, where no water is except at rare intervals and after the occasional rains. The watercourses are usually irregular reaches of sunbaked stones and sand, and he who dips for water in them is often rewarded with brine. There are times when, after a semi-tropical downfall of rain, the face of the country is rich with verdure and brilliant with flowers, but a few weeks witness a re lapse into its ever sombre color, its ever pervading dryness, and its usual sug gestion that the very clouds are floating far away. Before the solitudes of the Barrier were invaded by a host of silver hunters the locality was one which would have severly strained the op timism of a Mark Tapley, and it is small wonder if the first discoverers of the now world-famed lode failed to re alise its value, for at that time a pre diction of the sober facts of to-day, would have been regarded as the raving of a lunatic. When work was begun in earnest, and the great vein of ore appeared to discredit and outdo all previous conjecture as to its extent and richness, the truth slowly rose to the light that in this apparently hopeless desert nature had hidden a mineral treasure the fame of which would reach the remotest empires of the civilised world. In this marvellous development of the conditions of prosperous industry in the midst of unpromising surround ings lies the moral to us of the Barrier silver mines. Even in Victoria, nearly every acre of which has known the tread of the treasure hunter, there is at least the possibility that riches perhaps equally amazing may exist unsuspected just because they are hidden from a surface view. If the Ballarat alluvial had existed only as deep leads, if, that is to say, there had been no shallow deposits to lead the miner by degrees to the deeper ancient valleys,- is it not prob able that the gold would never have been even sought fori And looking round upon the immense area of coun try which is marked by overflows of basalt and hidden deep from sight by mighty accumulations of alluvial soil, who shall say there may not be many more places as rich as, or richer, than even this, our premier goldfield, to re ward persevering, better equipped, and better instructed exploration 1 In. his evidence before the board, Signor Bragato gave some striking figures as illustrating the effects of a college of viticulture upon the wine industry in Italy. Before this college and its affiliated schools were estab lished the annual export from that country was from three to four millions of gallons, and last season, said the witness, it, amounted to 80 millions of gallons. In the old. times Italy paid, Eranee ab0ut.:,£2,00(3,000 a year for wine, but now the similar payments have fallen to about X 150,000. Beside this the| quality of Italian wines has.,greatly improved. The object of a college of viticulture in Victoria is of course to instruct students in first growing grapes to the best advantage, and next making the best use of them when grown. This means a careful study of the vines in the colony with a view of deciding which are the best sorts as to adaptability to climate and soil, and' the production of superior wine. With this there should be a careful analysis and study of the wines at 1 present produced, a recogni tion of ; their good points, and the friendly pointing out of defects with a view to their removal. The college would also go fully into the question of manures, modes of planting, and the 'detection and removal of any parasites, fungi, or blight, and, in time, the institution would hold examinations and confer diplomas of efficiency. Signor Bragato comes to us from the great viticultural school at Conegliano in the province of Venice, reckoned to be the best viticultural college in Europe, and the diploma holders from which are in great request and esteem. He believes that the wine industry in Victoria needs only the aid of the practised expert to develope into a grand national endowment, and that by-and- bye we may have a central college of viticulture somewhere in the valley of the Murray. At preseiit he thinks we would be making a good beginning, if we set up an experimental vineyard or two and engaged competent .instructors who could 1 move from district to district and confer with the local grape growers. In passing, it may be noted that the highest class experts at Conegliano have sampled Australian wines, and say tli'ey have all the elements of good wine but are not what they should be, owing to some defect in treatment. Mr W. \V. P own all, a British wine mercliaht, who has been making a travelling inspection of the vineyards throughout the coloniescorroboratesthis evidence. He says both sides have a good deal to learn, the British people about Australian wines,- and the Australians about British' trade.' One or two car dinal facts are, however, established.. The Australian wines are rapidly growing in the esteem of the British consumer, and we have every natural advantage for the production of an unlimited amount of really first-class wine. Mr Powxall tells us what we have been told before, that one obstacle to the growth of our foreign wine trade is a general lack of uniformity. We should,.lie thinks, agree - to some' par ticular size of cask for export purposes, just as Oporto has its pipe and Bordeaux its hogshead. Then strenuous ' efforts should . be made to secure uniformity of quality in the wine itself. Large growers like Mr Irvine, of the Great Western, Mr Bristow, of Stawell, and the proprietors of the great vineyards at Butlierglen can make a name for their own wines, but by far the greatest number of vine growers are com paratively small men, and uniformity of product can only be hoped for if the principle becoming • familiar to us in our butter and cheese factories is also applied to our making of wines. An astounding quantity of wine is, says Mr Pownall, perished through bad cellarage and ignorant hand ling. All the experts agree that at least until suitable wine casks can be made from native Australian woods, the casks, either whole or in parts, ought to come in duty free. Bonuses fairly divided between acreage planted and product of marketable results are commended, but it is pointed out that when encouraging vine planting it is doubly desirable for the Government to-arrange for the erection of suitable cellars, where small growers could take their grapes and have them made into wine and matured under proper con ditions. Bailing tin’s, a quantity of in ferior wiue will always be produced and sold to the detriment alike of the consumer and the reputation of the colony. Tiie promptitude with which the suc cessive quarterly revenue returns ap pear is a standing rebuke to theinexplic able delays in the production of some others. Of our public balance-sheet for the quarter just ended it may be said the general result is better than was expected. Mr Gillies estimated a falling off of £506,710 on the year’s accounts, or say £125,000 per quarter. The actual deficiency comparing quarter with quarter is £57,613, an amount which may be conveniently accounted for by the absence this time of aiiy particular boom, It wa§ taken for granted that Customs would show a heavy decrease, and the amouut of this, say £l-1,000, is not matter for disquiet, although it - illustrates the extent of the abnormal forces at work last year. Stamps show a decrease of £27,000, which must, of course, be at tributed to the stoppage of the land boom. Excise and inland revenue shows nearly £60,000 increase, nearly all of which comes from duties on estates of deceased persons. Railway income is on the wrong side in the comparison by over £36,000. Under the liead “Miscellaneous,” we have an increase of £6OOO as interest on the public accounts. There is nothing very encouraging in the figures, and nothing to justify apprehension. The first quarter of the financial year *s com monly the least productive of revenue, and at present that is all which can be said. We cannot yet forecast the whole results of the departure of the boom, nor of the tariff alterations, and we must therefore abide the issue of facts. In Hew South Wales the Treasurer finds himself with an in crease of £30,566 over the revenue of the corresponding quarter. Tin’s is in spite of a decline of £25,000 in the earnings of railways and tramways, and the increase is due chiefly to the new rabbit assessments and several minor heads. South Australia is £38,700 short of the September quarter of ISBB, her railways having earned about £20,000 less than in the pre vious term. Proceedings in both Houses of Parliament lust night were conducted in a business-like and amicable spirit. In the substantial pro gress mude in the Council Mr Service took a leading part, and it was entirely due to him that the proposal to introduce a partly temperance lesson book into the State schools was so modified that new lessons on the laws of health and sanitation, with., a leaning towards a liberal interpretation of what is meant by those words, so tiiat a good deal of medical knowledge may also be imparted. In con sequence of Mr Service having left the House before its adjournment, the question ef the increase of the representatives of Victoria in the Foderal Council to six, His Kxceliency the Governor having certified, ns well he might, that the popula tion of the colony was over 700,000, was deferred until next day in deference to the action the honorable gentleman had taken in the Council when in offico. The proceedings in tho Assembly after the collapse of Silt B. O’Loghlen's abortive motion for the adjourn ment were only enlivened by a little difference of opinion betweon the Speaker and the Premier, the former ruling that even if the House was unanimous in desiring to suspend its standing orders it could not under the new rules do so after 10.30 at night. Against this direcriou Mr Gillies strenuously protestod, aud announced his intention of challenging it on the first opportunity. The Speaker rejoined thnt the earlier the occasion came the more delighted he would he; hut Mr J. Gavan Duffy, who never omits an opportunity of administering a eastigatory lecture to his fellow members, and who was spurred on by the fact that his leader, Mr John Dillon, was an occupant of tho Speaker’s gallery, administered to Mr Gillies a characteristic rebuke for bewraying the authority of the President of the House. This' little episode having subsided, the Rabbit Bill was wrestled with, aud further amendments carried, and members departed to their homes, happy at having accom plished a fair night’s work, and having attained to certainty that, there will be uo Railway Bill this session. We' mentioned last week that the A.N.A. in Ballarat was not satisfied at the. reply given by the Minister , of Lands to Mr Kir ton, M.L.A., with reference to the occupa tion of a portion of the Mount VVarreuheip reserve, and that a deputation would pro bably wait upon Mr Dow with reference to tho matter in the course of a few days. A reserves committee was recently formed, consisting of representatives from the City, Ballarat East, and Buninyong branches,-to- watch'over, the inteiests of the public with reference to the reserves. A deputation from' this body will to- day wait upon Mr Dow with reference to the question of re serves generally in this district, and more porticularly concerning the occupation of a portion -of-Mount YVarrenlieip. A large gathering is expected in Darling street tii- morrow'afternoou, as His Worship the'Mayor has consented to lay the first block of a hew church for the Primitive Methodist denomination. The ceremony will take place at 5 o’clock. A public tea will be held at 6, to be followed by addresses and anthems, when Mr David Cooke will preside. ' Auother. Ballarat pioneer has gone to the “laud ’o the leal.” Genial John M’Cafierty, whose name is a household word in Ballarat, died yesterday morning from bronchitis caused by a cold caught about 10 days ago. Mr M’Cafferty was one of the oldest and most respected residents of this district He catne‘to the colony in 1553 by the ship Forest Monarch, and shortly after wards he took up his residence in Ballarat. For many years he carried on business as a licensed victualler, and his first enterprise in this department of trade was the building of the old Eglington hotel, Main road, in which he carried on a very successful busi ness. Subsequently he became landlord of the British Queen hotel, Bridge street; the Atlantic hotel, Skiptou street (near the old No. 2 Baud of Hope shaft);’ the Post Office hotel, Main road; and, lutterlyj the New. Eglington hotel, Victoria street. In day’s gone by the deceased gentleman was among I the leading mining investors of Ballarat. He was one of the party (which included Messrs. A. J. Forbes, Dimsey, and Canning), who. pegged oucthesite of the world famed Band of, Hope Company, of which he was a director for nearly 20 years. He also held large interests, in the Hand in Hand, Red Streak, All Saints’, and other companies, from which in return for his enterprise and investment he received many handsome dividends. The, 1 first meeting of the Hand of Hope Company was held at the Old Eglington hotel, which was opened by Mr M’Oafferty in 1854. ’lhe deceased was at one time, consequent upou his successful investments, possessed of con siderable wealth, but like many other pioneers he continued speculating until lie lost all, or nearly all, the money he made in .prosperous ventures. In 1563 Mr M’Cafferty was classed among the wealthiest of Ballarat residents, and in that year he visited Europe. At all times' he took a lively interest in the charitable instititu tions of the district, contributing to’the ex tent that his means would afford. For many years he was associated with the committee of the Benevolent Asylum, at whose meet ings he was a regular attendant. In private life he was ever ready to lend a helping hand to the needy, and he had “ a good word” to say for everyone with whom he had business or other, relations. Mr .M’Caf ferty, who was a prominent member of the Old Colonists' Association of Ballarat, was a native of Larne, in the north of Ireland. At the age of IS he left home and proceeded to Scotlaud, where he resided up to the time of his leaving for Australia. He was 07 years of age yesterday, and he thus died on the anniversary of his birth. Deceased, the news of whose death will cause much regret throughout the district, leaves a willow and grown-up family. Mr W. M’Cafferty, superintendent of the Colling wood Union Fire Brigade, is his eldest sou. Yesterday the flag at the Old Colonists’ Hall was flying at half- mast as a tribute of respect to the memory of the deceased pioueer. The .funeral will take place to-morrow. One of the large plate glass windows in Messrs Harry Davies and Co.’s establishment was broken yesterday by one of the em ployes. Two or three ladies who were look ing in at the window had a narrow escape of injury, as the window fell on to the. gtmds they were examining, and was shat tered into numberless pieces. The win dow, which was a very valuable one, was injured. The first concert of a series of four to be given by the Victorian Orchestra, under the ennductorship of Mr Hamilton Clarke, Mus. Bac. Orton,, will take on Tuesday evening next at the Academy of Music. Some idea of the magnitude of the affair can be gathered from the fact that it will be necessary to set apart the whole of the dress circle and nearly all the stalls for the sub scribers. The box-plan is now open at Button’s music warehouse, where tickets for all parts can be obtained. Ticket-holders and others who intend being present at the lint concert should lose no time in securing their seats. The second concert will not take place until November. Never before has such a musical treat offered itself to the Ballarat public. Avery excellent programme wid he given by the 53 clever artists who are to take part in its production. Messrs Hughes aud Opie have just com pleted an important addition to their dra pery establishment in Stmt street, by taking in the commodious room formerly occupied as a billiard saloon in connection with Pnbjuy’s Unicorn hotel. This place has now been converted into a show-room, witli fitting and work-rooms attached. The show-room is 50 x 30 feet, and 25 feet high, and tile establishment has now an entire depth of 135 feet fiom Sturt street. It is splendidly lighted, the skylight that did duty in tho billiard- room giving nearly as bright a light ns in the open street. The show-room is very handsomely fitted up with large aud small mirrors, show-cases, stands, and other appliances fur the display of goods to the best advantage. The floor is covered with rich carpets aud a linoleum of mi attractive pattern. Over the old estab lishment are dress aud mantle, fitting, and waiting rooms for the convenience ol cus tomer.-, as well as workrooms for the em ployes. There is a tesselated jpavement leading through the main building, aud the long passage from the entrance in Sturt street to the farther end of the show room piesentsan imposing nppearance. The ornamental glass doors that were the main entrance to the billiard-saloon when the Ex ch inge met in the building have been utilised in the construction of a commodious aud convenient office in the north-west corner of the show-room. Messrs Hughes and Opin have now an extensive and com pact establishment, capable of an even more extensive business than the firm are now doing. It is not so long since the firm opened business in the premises they now occupy, and the success they have achieved speaks well for their energy aud managing capacity. Mr Albert Slack, the well- known painter and. one of our leading vocalists, was on Tliursduy night made -the recipient of a handsome clock from his employes, on the occasion of his approaching marriage. The presentation was made by Mr Puushon on behalf of the employds, and the recipient suitably responded. Mr Slack will bo married in Melbourne to-day to Miss Pobjoy, eldest daughter of Mr W. Pobjoy, formerly of the Unicorn hotel, Sturt street. The Geelong Presbytery yesterday re ceived a letter from the Presbytery of Laun ceston, Tasmania, conveying a call fiom Kirklands Church, at Epping, to the Rev. L). A. M‘Dougall, of St. George’s Church, Geelong, late of Buninyong. The stipend is £350, and a manse would be provided. Tho Rev. Mr Beattie said ho was pleased to see that the Tasmanians had set their lieurt on such a good man as the present pastor of St. George’s Church. The congregation of Epping was not a very large one, but i* was bound to hold a very high place in the uear future, aud was a splendid field for the exercise of the great abilities held by such a minister as the Rev. D. A. M'Duiigall. On the motion of tho Rev. C. Robertson, it was agreed that the. Rev. Mr Houston preach on next Sunday, at St. George’s Church, and cite the congregation to meet the presbytery ill a fortnight to deal with the call. Dr Wotnai'ski is tho honorary medical ollicer at tho Ballarat District Orphan Asylum for the current month. There arc 142 children in the Asylum, 78 boys aud 64 girls. Sergeant Murphy, who has been appointed to .the charge of tho City police station, commenced duty at the station yesterday. The fortnightly meeting of the City branch, A.N.A., will be held this evening. The principal business is the delivery of an essay by Mr Theo. Saunders on “ Lord Chatham.” Mr Robinson, the well-known landlord of the Globe hotel, corner of Skipton and Rubicon streets, died yesterday morning, after a lingering illness. The deceased suffered from heart disease. He was 60 years of age, aud was widely kuown and respected. The usual parochial sale of gifts in aid of the funds of St. Peter’s Church was opened in tho Schoolroom yesterday afternoou by the incumbent, the Rev. Willoughby i Flower, in the presence of a large number of visitors. The rev. geutlciuau briefly re rferred to the object of tlie effort, and .after offering-up a prayer, formally declared the sale open. The schoolroom was very prettily decorated for the occasion with flowers and. evergreens, and the goods, which were of great variety,' were very tastefully displayed. The following ladies presided over the stalls: —Cake and Miss Retallack. Re freshment stall—Mesdames Bull and Papen hagen, and Misses Tunbridge (2). Art stall —Mrs Flower, Misses Hadcliff, Lewes, and Devine Needlework stall —"Mesdames Abrahams, Lee, Rogers, Walker, and Taylor. ' Girls’ Friendly Society stall— Missess Bradbury, Crocker, and Tunbridge. Doll stall—Miss Moore. A number of youug ladies also acted as bouquet sellers, ami suc ceeded in disposing of a large number of posies. During the afternoon and evening there were good attendances, aud a. brisk business was’ done. Mrs Beaumont and Misses Flower, Symons, Amy. Herbert, Crocker (2), and Maehefer supplied a very enjoyable programme of instrumental music during the'evening. The sale wiil. be con tinued to-day. . ; ' Avery enjoyable evening was spent iir the Town Mission Hall on - last, the occasion being.the celebration of Mr and Mrs Thomas's silver wedding,-when the members of the Wednesday evening Bible Class gave a social to Mr and Mrs Thomas, and they sent invitations to the members of Mrs Thomas’ class and the members of the sick visiting baud iu connection with the mission. Supper was partaken of at 9 o’clock, when all present relished the good things provided by Mr J. Buchanan, caterer, of Main road, who gave general satisfaction. Mr D. A. Brown, iu a neat speech, proposed the health of Mr aud Mrs Thomas. He also had composed a few verses for the occasion. All present then indulged in various in-door games. Duriug the evening Mr and Mrs Thomas were preseuted with a handsome butter-cooler and knife, subscribed for by the members of the Bible class, and the pre sentation was mude by one of the members to Mr and Mrs Thomas iu a neat speech. Mr Thomas suitably replied in a few words. The butter-cooler, which was greatly ad mired by all present, had been purchased at Mr W. Dawson’s, Sturt street. The gather ing broke up about midnight by singing the National Anthem. Messrs W. Smith and H. Cooke deserve great credit for the very able manner in which they carried out all the arrangements iu couuection with the social. The All Nations Fancy Fair committee met last night to receive the reports of the various sub-committees. The arrangements for the opening on Monday night next were found to be well forward. The torchlight procession, iu which the three brigades will take part, will start from the Galloway monument at a quarter past 7, ami will reacii the hall at 8 o’clock. The Tram Com pany will run cars to suit the convenience of intending patrons, particulars of which will be fully advertised. A large staff of workmen, under Mr Gilbert, the lion, archi tect, are busily preparing the . decorations. The fair promises to be one of tin; most at tractive that lias ever been held in the colony, and will, no doubt, receive a liberal patronage, the object being a most deserving one. Tlie first anniversary of the Plumbers’ Union was celebrated on Saturday, when a football match between the north and south .members was played. After a well-con tested game the north proved the victors. Iu tlie evening a banquet, provided by Mr Burge, was held iu tlie Trades Hall, a number of the employers aud the president of the Trades ami Labor Council being present. .The usual toasts, among which were the “ Plumbers' Union," the “ Employers," and the “ Trades’ and Labor Council,” were proposed and responded to. Several songs ami vecitations brought a very enjoyable evening to a close. We are requested to state that the total amount voluntarily sub scribed by the members in aid of the London dock laborers’ strike was £5 10s 6d. A service of song, entitled “ Rhodu, or tlie Gipsy Girl's Mission of .Love,” was given in the Huinffray street Primitive Church last night, by the choir of the Eyre Street church. There was a fair attendance, and all present appeared to enjoy the enter tainment. Mr Coatliam gave the connective readings iu a clear, audible manner, thus rendering tlie Service of song specially in teresting. The production was rendered in a very efficient maimer, the solo parts being particularly well sung. Mr George Aisbett acted as conductor, uud Miss Graham pre sided at the harmonium, both doing full jus tice to their respective positions. Among the audience we noticed the Rev, Mr Hunt -and other ministers of the Primitive Metho dist connection. The proceedings were brought to a close in the usual manner. Tlie Rev. Willoughby Flower aud Canon Mao Murray gave a most enjoyable entertain ment to the boys and girls of the Ballarat Orphan Asylum on Friday evening last. With the aiil of a powerful magic lantern a mini her of scenes of New Zealand were shown by the oanon, and views of obi English cathedrals, &c.;, by the Rev. Mr Flower, all of which were most lucidly ex plained. The views were much admired by the children, who frequently gave rounds of applause. The president (Mr Vf. T. Glenn), in a few well chosen remarks, thanked the rov. gentlemen for their kindness in coming to the Asylum to entertain tlie children. The monthly entertainment in connection with tlie Band of Hope, Peel street, was held last night, in ths schoolroom at the rear of the United Methodist Free Church. There was a large attendance. Mr R. M‘Gregor occupied the chair. The pro gramme embraced vocal and instrumental items, dialogues, &e.; A hymn was ren dered by the audience at the opening of the concert, after which songs and recita tions were excellently given by tlie Misses Horinan, M. Roberts, A. Osier, WillianiH, ami Jones; Messrs T. Jones, J. Hodge, and J. Penliailuriack. Mr W. A. Lorimer played a solo on the violin in a very pleasing manner. The entertainment was brought to a close with a dialogue entitled “ The Usurer,” .which was sustained by the Misses Roberts (2), Messis J. I’enliallurinck, Reeve, Clark-, and Williams. The singing of the doxology brought a very enjoyable meeting to a close. Tlie members of tlie Ballarat football team, who have this seuson achieved the honor of the local premiership, are to bo entertaioed at a banquet in the Old Colonists’ Hall, or Friliay evening, 11th instant. The players are- each to be presented with suitable mementos of the honor. The presiding magistrates at tlie City Police Court yesterday morning were Messrs Little, Morrison, and Aclieson, J's.P. Tlie old man John Quinn, who has been nu re mand for a few days, was brought up again on a charge of vagrancy. Arrangements nad been jnailu to have tlie old fellow admitted to tlie Benevolent -Asylum, but he preferred to, go to gaol, and was accordingly sent there for » month. A number of debt cases ivene dealt with. Temporary licenses were granted yester day to Mr R. Chinncry, of the Devon and Cornwall hotel, Sturt street, for llm Ballarat Gun Club match mi Thursday, and the Nos. 1 and No. 2 booths at the Huut Club Races on Friday. Mr F. Hamilton, wine and spirit mer chant, whilst driving across the intersection of Sturt and Lydiard streets, accidentally collided witli an old man named James Winterbottom, and knocked him down. Mr Hamilton at once returned, assisted to lift Winterbottom, who is 79 years of age, into the trap, and drove him to the Hos pital, whore it was found that he hud sus tained an abrasion of the side, for which he was treated. Mr James Eddy, the well-known miniug manager of Ballarat, ami lute of the Eagle hawk Silver Mining Company, Broken Hill, left here last night by the Adelaide express for the purpose of taking the general limn ugeineut of the Now Terrible Dick Silver Mining Company, situated at Purnainoota, near Milverton. Mr Eddy was accompanied to the railway station by his friends, in cluding several mining managers, who one and all wished him a pleasant journey. Mr W. V. Lambert, a very old colonist, and now resident of Ballarat, celebrated bis golden wedding ou Monday last. Mr Lambert, wiio is well known in connection with temperance work, in former years was connected with the newspaper press as a compositor. The first farmers’ excursion train of tho season passed through Ballarat yesterday. Passengers wjirc taken up at all stations from Serviceton to Pimpinio, on the Adelaide line, .and from thence tlie journey was a through one. About 250 availed themselves of the opportunity to visit tlie metropolis at cheap rates. Tlie rainfall during the month of Septem ber just past (writes our Leaniicmth cor respondent) was l‘S6 inches, and for tlie year to same date 2G'29 inches. For the cor responding mouth lust year there was only a rainfall.,of.'74 .points, v aucf;for -the year to same - ;'date 16.'22 inches,.This .’shows the wide difference in 'favpr of, this year as com pared'with th'e.year precedin';.of ten inches seven points, as registered by Mr X. Bath, J.P., at Ceres, ’ There is also,more than a corresponding:difference ,in the vigor and generul growth of crops aud : grass in favor of tliis year up to the present. A young man named Mark Derry, a wood cutter, living at Lai. Lai,: whilst ’chopping wood yesterday, inflictedniu ugly gash on the great toe of his left foot througlrhG’nxe slip ping. He came in to .Ballarat, ’and’had the wound attended to at the Hospital.’ Those having business; with the 'Shire Council of Buniuyong are reminded that’the inouthly meetings are now being held on the first Monday in the mouth instead-of as heretofore on the first Thursday. ■ ’ The following instance of honesty on the part of a Chinaman (writes the Afo'ca Free Press) is worthy of record.' On Tuesday Ah Ton, a potato dealer residing at Lainplough, wheu on lii3 road from that place to Waubra, found a purse containing £3 in notes, some cheques, and some silver. On his ! way through Lext'in he handed the purse and its' contents to the. police-constable, with a re- 1 ' quest that ho would discover the owner and restore the property. /i ' The Ballarat Amateur Sailing Club will open their ISS9 90 season on Friday after noon. The proceedings will commence with a procession of sailing boats, as in former years when they were under the control of the Yacht Club. On the succeeding Friday afternoon the first contest for Mr R-:tulluok’s trophy will take place, wheu it is expected that ten yachts will take part. An alteration in the time of holding the police court (writes our Buninyong corres pondent) should be made. If not to the morning, it certainly should be fixed to an earlier hour in the afternoon of Friday, say lor 2 o’clock, instead of 3. There would then be an opportunity to report more fully the proceedings, which is, of course, a con sideration to the public. Touching another subject, it is quite time something was done to make Forrest street passable, seeing it is the main street to the platform station. At present the street is in a most disgraceful state, and it should be seen to without fur ther deluy. At the Smythesdale Police Court yester day, before Messrs Hart, Lynch, and M'Vitty, J.’sP.. John Dyer was charged by Constable Crisp with being drunk and disorderly in a public place on the 13th August last; fined 10s and Is costs. An ap plication was tr)"de by Anne Dyer for a pro hibition order to prevent her husband John Dyer from being served with intoxicating liquor in the district; order granted. Two maintenance cases were ventilated. In one instance the amount due, £1 ISs Gd, had to be paid into court, and the other was ad journed for 14 days. The ghost of the Wollaston case (says the Telegraph) is not yet laid ! Mr Wollaston is a State school teacher, who, in ISS4, was fined £5 and censured for reading a sermon to a congregation in a State school building when the minister failed to appear. Deep and widespread indignation was aroused by the action of the department ut the time, ami the ?cii3e of its absurdity and injustice still survives. On Wednesday an influential group of members of Parliament will pre fect a petition to the Minister of Public In struction praying that the “ censure” may be expunged from the cfiieial records. An appeal from Judge Casey, at the Beau fort County Court, was sustained by the Full Court on Monday. The action was j that of Jeremiah Clifford against Maria L. B“ggs and others. Their Honors (says the I Age) held that the case had been improperly struck out of the list on the 10th May, and ordered it to be reinstated, costs to übide the event of the action. A serious accident occurred during tho stormy weather experienced on Saturday- to two sons of Mr P. Nehill, of South Purrum bete. They were in the paddock when a gale of wind brought dowu a large tree which I was close to them. The boys were struck by some of the falling branches. One of them sustained a painful fracture of the thigh, whilst the other received an injury to his ankle. The lads (-ay.-i the Chronicle) were immediately brought into Camperdnwu, and were placed under the care of Dr Petti grew. George Luwford, an old resident of rjutitL ford, near Casterton, started out on Mommy for a day's shooting, and whilst getting through a fence about 100 yards from Ins house the trigger of bis gun caught in the wire, causing the gun to go off. The charge entered under his chin and came out on the side of his head. Death was instantaneous. Deceased leaves a widow and family. The following from the P. U. Fetes, will be interesting to many of the friends of Sub inspector Hall:—“ Very few of the residents of Stawell are aware that the beautiful Hall’s Gap was so named after Sub-inspector Hall, who for some years past lias been located in Ballarat, where lie \va3 recently promoted to tile position lie now occupies. Such, how ever, is the fact, for that gentleman was tile first to pass through it some 30 years ago when doing escort duty. Sub-inspector Hall visited Stawell yesterday (Monday) at route to Horsham, where bis (mure sphere of duty is to be, and whilst exprcnsing delight at tiie improved appearance of the buildings in Main street, itc., remarked that the town was decidedly less lively now than when he was doing duty here, when there was a popu lation of nearly SO.OOO people, with a con stabulary numbering some 42 men doing escort duty, &c.; It being some 20 years aincs lie left Stawell, or rather Pleasant Creek, as it was then termed, there are very few residents here who recognise the sub inspector, but we are pleased to be able to state that he looks as hearty aud jolly as over lie did, and the people of Horsham are fortunate hi having such uu able and courteous olllcer appointed to reside amongst them.” A well-attended meeting (writes a corres pondent) was held on Tuesday evening at Cupell’s hotel, Lul Lai, for the purpose of sending a delegate to the meeting to he held at the Trades’ Hull, Ballarat, on Thursday, in connection with the starting of anew daily liberal morning paper in Melbourne. Mr Howard addressed tne meeting, and ex plained the principles upon which the journal would lie conducted. It was unani mously agreed that Cr Way should attend as a delegate. A number of gentlemen present agreed to tako shares. At the sittings of tho Geelong arbitration court on Monday bis Honor Judge Moles worth, umpire, stated that the arbitrators had agreed as to the occupancy of the Aus tralian hotel, in Ryrie street, but failed to agree as to the owner of the hotel. The same remark applied to the case of the New market hotel, but the arbitrators had uot been able to agree as to the dual claim of the owner and occupier of the Rising Sun hotej, Mr Gittings. His Honor remarked that under the 11th section of the Amending Licensing Act it was provided that the amount of compensation was to be awarded on » fair and equitable basis. There was no limit in the Act as to the amount to be awarded. He had sat with the arbitrators and beard the evidence on both sides anil the arguments. He bud also attended the meetings of the arbitiutors, and beard what each said in support of the amounts they were prepared to award, and noted for bis own guidance the amount lie would give, if culled upon ulone to decide. He awarded Mr fleudv, the owner of the Australian hotel, the sum of £1065; aud to Mr J. J- Burns, owner of the Newmarket hotel, £lOOO. In Mr Gittings’ case his Honor re viewed the evidence and arguments used, and awarded Mr Gittings £l3BO as conij pensution us owner, and us occupier £4oa 10s. The Hampshire Chronicle of 10th August contains a report of a lecture upon “ Aus tralia,” which was delivered at Winchester by Dr Wooldridge, of Melbourne, himself a nutive of Winchester. The geographical positions of the various colonics, and their respective climates, products, and capabili ties were explained by the lecturer, and be sketched some of tile characteristic features of Australian life in the country and in the towns. Respecting Imperial federation, Dr Wooldridge said chat the subject bud Inen lurgely discussed during the last two years, but nothing of a practical nature bad yet been done, the fact being that before the colonies could federate with Kuglaml or any other country, they must federate among themselves. At the present time, he added, intercolonial trade was discouraged by the adoption of vexatious border tariffs. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser writes: — “ There is a pretty little bit of scaudal going the rounds concerning a cheque that wus given for a certain ‘ trophy.’ It seems that a prize, value £5 ss, was advertised for a particular event and won, unexpectedly it is stated, by an ‘outsider.’ When he went to get his prize be was hauded au ornament, about the value of which he had grave doubt . Strarght wav he took it to in expert, who gave ihe outside value as 30s. L'he i the original donor was waited on, and he produced Ins bank-book to prove his bona .fiden. Then the club official Was interviewed, hut lie could give no other satisfaction beyond the infor mation that he hid paid live guineas for the trophy- But the wtuiier was not to bo put •off in this mariner., and kept the matter so proniiueutly to the fcout that the club have -called a sptcial meeting to deal with it. I am told that at the meeting considerable light will be shed on the plan pursued in purchasing trophies.” A Sydney telegram published in the Ai-gu* says:—" Some stir was caused in the House on Monday night by Mr Turner, the mem ber for Gtturteaah, who entered the chamber dressed m the uuiform of an officer of tile Salvation Army. When members had re corded from the first shock of surprise they seemed incliued to treat the matter as a good joke, but Mr Turner preserved a serious demeanour throughout and evidently failed to see that the situation had any humorous aspeot. Mr Crick appealed to the Speaker to say whether a member could wear a •uniform likely to stir up religious strife aiuoimst the members, but several members reproved him fur calling attention to the dress worn by a member. The Speaker held that members were only expected to be decently and properly dressed, and that the .rest must be left to their tsste." The customs collections at Brisbane for -the mouth of September amount to £57,666, beiii" a decrease of £35,35S compared with September last year. The heavy returns last year were, however, largely in consequence impending changes in the tariff. At a meeting of the Australian Natives’ Association in Adelaide on Monday night, initiatory steps were takeu for the formation oi a Ladies’ National Society, under the name of the Wattle Blossom League. Ar rangements have been made for a demon stration to be held ou26th January, the anni versary of tiie foundation of Australia. It is believed (says the Telegraph ) that young Leibain, late clerk at Paterson and Co.’s, coal merchants and shipowners, Flin ders street, who disappeared from the office yesterday week, after lie had discovered his eniployeis were aware he had been misap propriating their money, has succeeded in making Ins escape from the colony. Since bis disappearance he has not been seeu at his home nor by any.of his acquaintances, and from what the detectives have been able •to gleau he is not now in the colony. The execution of a Maori murderer is thus reported by wire from Auckland:—Makaore was executed to-day for the murder of a shepherd named Golleu, at Maliia, on the East Coast, in May last. Asked if he wished to make a confession, Makaore replied he had already confessed to his God. An Age telegram from Brisbane says:— ■« The Geddes life insurance mystery has djeeu cleared up, as the parties have arrived in Adelaide, and identified the lunatic Brenan as their son. It is understood pro ceedings will now be commenced for the recovery of £2300 paid on youug Geddes’ supposed death 12 years ago.” A telegram from Seymour says:—“A middle aged man named Jas. Coleman com mitted suicide by hanging himself in a shed at the Prince of Wales hotel on Mouday morning. He is supposed to have been a •resident of Maryborough. No reason can be assigned for the act.” One of the most prominent French com manders during the Frauco Gcrtrtau war, Faid’uerbe, is dead. 