A MUGHMIXED AFFAIR; OR, THE MYSTERY, OF AN EBONY BOX., BY MAJOR ALFRED ROCHEFORT. (Contlnuedifrom our last.) "No wonder you don't know me. I am aware that I look like the Old Scratch himself," protested James Sharp. "I somnetimes feel as I look. But I say, Miss Edith, don't you believe me ? " I mist believe you," she replied. "Ah, thanks. I'd like to come out and shake liands with you ; but the fact is, .I.must keep shady. And then it'd never do for you to be s,'en in the com pany of such a disreputable old scamp as I appear to be. Won't detain you a moment: but will you do me a favor?" "With pleasure, Mr. Sharp," said Edith, now convinced that the man standing in the shadows was a.l he represented him self to be. " I want you to explain to Mrs Han way and Patsy that I'm wearing this rig. It's well they should be prepared, for I propose enters'g the house to night by the back way, and I don't want to be shot, or have an alarm given when I'm climbing the fence." " I will do as you say. Will you come .t-night ?" asked Edith, suddenly recal ling the inquiries the lawyers had made that afternoon for this remarkable young man. m"Yes; if not, to-morrow night. After dark, of course. Au reroir, Miss Edith." And with this James Sharp disappeared up the alley at a double quick. Edith was still wondering over this very strange meeting, when she reached home. Mana met her at the door with the salutation : "I'm sorry you didn't come home earlier, for I wanted you to know the good news." " The good news," repeated Edith. " Yes. Sure, the doctors say he's out of all danger. An' for the last two hours he's been listenin' for yer footsteps, so that lie might tell you how well he feels himsel'. Come il, just as you are, an' see him just for a minute. A sight of you is the best medicine he can have. But, for yer life, don't stay too long, sup per will he cold." While Mona was speaking, she took Edith's rmn and led her to tilhe door of the sick man's room, but she did not go in herself. As it was now quite dark, there was a light burning in the room, and Edith saw Goorge sitting propped up ill bed. with an exl)ectnt smtile aleut his lips, and the old hopeful light in his eyes. " Oh," he said half raising his arms, "I am so glad you have come, Edith. I have been listening and waiting." Through the long weary illness, and while he hung between life and death, there must have been some declaration of love, or perhaps it would be more aceu rate to say, "'there must have been some understanding between them" as to their affection, one for the other. "Mon.agave me the good neseo " she sard, as she knelt by his bed and kissed him, "and I am so thankful, George, and so very happy." There was but little more said for some minutes. There came a tap at the door, and then Mfons called in: " Yer dinner, that was put away for you. Miss Edith, is down below in the kitchen oven, an' Patsy says it'll be dried up to a crisp if you don't come down and eat it right away." "You are always good and thoughtful, 3Iona," said Edith, turning to the door. "An' it's you that should be more thoughtful of yersel', more particular now when there's so much to live for," said Mona, as as she followed Edith down to the dining-room. Despite Patsy's fears that the dinner would be dried to a crisp, it was produced in a state that would have tempted a very poor appetite. It was the first meal that Edith had en joyed for many long weeks; and she had just finished it, and was about to go up stairs, when Patsy in the kitchen near by, was heard to call out in angry tones: this feller, camp. Ooshl" and Patsy mode a hideous grimace. " No good you-all same sunduwner. " Why Patsy, don'tyo know me ? This wart's only make- believe. . So is the hair. I'm James sharp. Didn't Miss Edith ex plain 1" " No fear. You go along, Oosh-you cut all same posum up tree, or this feller pitch billy hot water over you. Clear some thatdirt cffram utfac-ha I ha I ha I" and Patsy, clutching a broom, laughed heartily at tihe idea. " Merciful goodness!" cried Mona, as she jumped up and ran into the kitchen. "What can that mane? How could any man get into the kitchen the back way ?" In her joy at finding George better, Edith had completely forgotten her recent adventure with the very remarkable in dividual who had succeeded in making her believe that he was really James Share. Un the instant all ner douosm vanished, and she hurried after Mona, in time to prevent her alarming the house. Taking the dissipated-looking old man's hand she said, to the utter bewilderment of Mona and Patsy: "Fo Te BasOtne lTrEs Lws."-o riLa'asu Weo FaaLn BoOD M=RmIss wrramnted to cleanse the blood from all Impurities f am whatevercgause ariin For Serofnla, curry Skin and nloo Ditsmin and roarnsall kind Its offets are marvelloum Thou. :ndst of ttatmontl. al Sod In tttluse D. Lrnd its. easeh by Chemists and Patent Medicine 5'mdors eneryrsne. Sotl Peopleteos Tsm Lt?omu ?.? lot,?s Cuomns Dads Ca, inuo, -ki..sd.., "Yes, this is Mr. Sharp, but he aoes fit to come to usdiasguised." "That'sa true; Miss Edith. I am only! an old scamp in appearance; but if youo can point out any one thiat ants his life, insured in the best company, and at the most favorable rates, I'll 'prove that-I amc the only James Sharp, and divide the commission with you to boot. Wanti more proof as to my identity 1 Then listen to these admirable lines, of my own composition. "When wealth, unexpected, drops into . the hand, When povertyflies and we've houses and land, They would be undeserved if we could not endure The friends whom we knew when we chaiced to be poor" " Faith, this beats all. Sing no more, Mr. Sharp; but go at wanst to yer room an' fix yersel' up like a decent Christain sian," said Mona, as she shook theyoung man's hand. Patsy was no amazed that ehe could not otter a word, but stood looking from one to the other of the group, as if trying to settle in her mind whether it was herself or they who had gone crazy. S" Mrs. Hanway," said James Sharp, "I dare not resume my own high-toned character at present; it would be fatal to the enterprise. Ask me anythingbutthat. Like the ghost of Hamlet's father, I am doomed to wear this rig for the present. if it be painful to your eyes, pity me. VWhy, all the children shout cut afterme' S the dogs eyee with a*--^ a the maru a when he was going to begin a funeral sermon. It must not be known, save by those here present and by George Cromwell, that I am in the house. They say that women cannot keep a secret; prove to the world that the charge is a slander by respecting my incognito I"rsy, fairest of thy race, a drink of water, if you please." James Sharp stopped to take breath; and, while I'atsy was getting him the water, Mona asked him if he would not have something to eat. "Thanks : no," he replied ; " I shall re main down stairs until such time as you an arrange it for me to go to Mr. Crom well's room and have a few words with him without having the rest of the household aware of my presence. Ere the hour of midnightcome, or the cock crows, I must be away again." " May the saints guard us I" said Mona, in a low voice to Edith; "but he talks as uare as he lnks, an' that's sayin' a great Acting on Edith's suggestion, Mr. Sharp was given a seat in the dining- room, and the blinds were drawn and the light lowered, at his request, to prevent obser vation from the street. It seemed an age to him since he heard them going up the stairs, and he began to wonder if interest in more important duties had led them not to forget him, when Edith entered, and, motioning him from his corner, whispered : "George is very much better and he is anxious to see you." " Is he all alone l" "He is, Mr. Sharp." " And I can get in without being seen, save by those who are in my secret " "You can." " And I can talk with Mr. Cromwell without any foreign interference I" "Foreign interference 7" repeated Edith. "Yes; without the presence of a third party. You see, George and I have a little private affair we were working to gether, but sinee his attempted assassina tion I've had the whole burden of the afore said affair on my shoulders." " You certainly can be alone with George, particularly as he also desires it." "Good; now lead the way, fair lady," said James Sharp, after he had felt the fi. titions wart. to make sure it was in place. His anxiety for this deformity was the lmaht trying part of his disguise. Edith led him up stairs and into George's room, where she shook his hand and left him. "By jinks, old fellow," said James Sharp as he sat down close to the bedand took George's hand, "I was neveraoglad to see any one in my life. I have been nearly insane to see you; but I knew you were well cared for, and that I could do no good here, while I could do a great deal of good by keeping up the game we started. Now, if it pains you to talk, don't say a word; I can do enough of that for both without the slighest danger to my health, which, by the way, is much more rugged than the, cursory observer would imagine, judging by mygeneral ap pearance." " It does not hurt me to talk, James, hut the truth is I have nothing to tell you of which you are not quite as well aware as myself ; but as the girls say, I am 'dying' to hearyour report," said George, with a smile that made him look very much like his old self. To do Mr. Sharp credit, it must becon fessed he not only talked fast, butBhe kept steadily at.it, so that it would take pages and pages'to give anything like a full re port of this one-sided coversation. But George, who was a good judge in such matteas, could not see thathlis friend used a superfluous word, so full of interest was everything he said. Ho told of how, as "Mr. Ivine,"helhad taken possession of two rooms. adjoining those of Sammis Spence, who, he was now convinced, was no other - han Gordon Spence's father:". He told of t6he frequent visits of G6-don Spence and ?Sr. Fizzler, :and how from his hiding p'lace he had been able not only to overhee all their conversation, but to note dovwt much of it. He toLd of how he had bribed Sing Lat, and sobecome acquainted with the'opium victim, who told him that his name was Gordon Spence, and that he was the nephew, of " Colonel Spence, Edith's father. Wit'n, perhaps, too many words, yet clearly and forcibly, James Sharp narrated all his own doings, and everything he had learned; and he said in conclusion: " Now, old fellow, how can we use this fine job lot of information to advan thage ?" "In some way," maid George, ",yoo must see our other lawyers. Could you ome here at this time no- morrow night?" "Icantryto," answeredl Sharp, hope fully. "Very well, James ; I shall have esomo of them here to meet you." And this ended that interview. CHAPTER XXIX. MiSSING6. ' T Lawyers, who knew something about of "the Spence case,' as it was called, were o, of the pinion that it'would take " years, and a greatdeal of money," todecidoit. co 'The points involved were so curious that bo the poandingtrial oecited unusualiniterest, p;t nd- the people who tried to' understand it "ere very i mucih-divided in?.their opinions. - SIt wasegenerally conceded that Gordon Spencuewas Colonel.Os cSpencesnephew, P'1 and thatcome what might, "he was en- nu titled,iinder the will, to one'half interest th in the estate.. " . 'Aaicohsequence, Gordon Spence,from ' fo the oh?sirity if the gaihblinhdemnd as-t sociation with disreputable charactera, di sudilenly found himself a social lion. Ho was handsome, and a princely for tune was'as good as in his possession ; the latter was the great consideration.;. But Pa the:very, very blue-blooded people, who E, pretend to.place ancestry befor.e.dery- ml thing else, .welcomed: Gordon; '"!for," pi they reasoned, " the nephew of" Colonel , Spence mnust bo'false to his breedingif he si is not a'perfect gentleman." t Gordon liad not much ready money of his own, but his prospects gave him un- m' bounded credit, so that he lived at a fine hotel, kept a fast horse, and had hisname si up for admission to a number of the most he exclusive clubs. - But while public opinion was one-sided gi itn Gordon Spence's claims. it.wv t. Gordo l Nora-wo most always call her Noa-a t his cousin had great weight; and then i people have a natural liking for things romantic, and they are anxious to believe what appeals strongly to the imagina- a tion. . The changing of the girls in obedienee to Colonel Spence's request, and Fromin's affirmation that they were so changed, was generally credited. The fact thatEdith had come to London i under an assumed name, and atones went I to live at the house of Mona Hanway, the s aunt of the true Nora, all went to show t that she knew all about her antecedents, and that she was playing the bold gameof a cool adventuress. True, there were a few who believed in her; but they were people who either knew her well, or who knew Gordon Spence well. Indeed the feeling ran so high that many good people were heard to say that 1 Torbert and Messrs. Legrand, Mason & Balch had injured themselves, profes sionally, by taking up Edith's case. As the time for the trial approached, Mr. Fi:zler's confidence, and, with it, his spirits increased. The fact that Nora was "a guest " at his house-how could it be known thathe was keeping a close account of all her ex penes?-gave his family a sudden and most gratifying importance. Faslionable old ladies, who had known Edith's father and mother, came in their carriages, and brought their daughters to Mr. Fizzler's house, to see the beautiful young heiress," as she was called. All affected to be charmed-as well they might be- by Nora's gentle manners and unaffected bearing. Many of these old ladies declared that they would have recognised the girl, under any circumstances, as "a true Spence." "Just the image of her father," said some. "A perfect picture of her mother," said others. And all believed what they said. In response to a telegram received from Gordon Spence, Fromin-who had no great liking for London, and whose courage was not at all proportioned to his greed and cunning-came down and took up his quarters with Mike Dolan, at the Slandair Arms hotel While Fromin had been away, Mike Dolan had been continually drunk, and this was largely due to the fact that the many curious people, who came to speak with him about his daughter, felt that it was their duty to treat in return for the information he was so ready to give them. While pretending to be non-committal with these people, Mike Dolan always left the impression that Edith was his daughter, and that he had himself consented to the exchange at the time Colonel Spence's wife went to France with her supposed daughter. The eight ofFromin's arrival, Gordon Spence went round to the Standard hotel, and was admitted through the family door by Gretchen, for whom he had conceived a violent dislike. "Oh, hol'" she called out when she caught sight of him, "you been a pig pug now, und don'd go round mit de gommon beeple. Vat you done mit Nora, Dolan's daughter, eh ?' "I am not Dolan's daughter's keeper," said Gordon, biting his lip. "I came to see Mr.Fromin. Ishein?" "Vell, Vell, Mr. Spence; meppy you goom ound all ride, unt meppe you don'd goom all ride out-" "I asked if Mr. Fromin is in. I do not care to have your vulgar opinions," said Gordon Spence, angrily. "Yes ; Iam in," shouted Fromin, from the head of the stairs, "and I'm waiting foryou." WVith an oath, intended for Gretchen, Gordon Spence ran up the stairs, bhut he couldnot help hearing the mocking laugh she sent after him. Fromin'took his friend into his room, and asked in a low, caUtionu voico : .j" What's the news, Mr. Spence 1" . . `lGod nes;i,"was the reply2Z,. , telegram, my heart thumped so I thought it would knock me down. You see I am not used to this kind of business, and a little thing flusters me. My appetite aint quite as good as it was; and 1 feel all the time as if something terrible was going to happen." "Ah, that's your liver," laughed Gor don. "P'raps so. I neverundersteod before the meaning of a ' white liver, But why did you send for me a" asked Fromin, ac cepting the cigar which the other tendered him. "For a very good reason Fromian." L Vhat is it?' "Could you swear that Edith-you know who mnean 1" "Oh, yes, not Hora, but Edith. I mean notthe girl I came down for the first time," said Fromin, feeling nluch puzzled and mixedi up about the names. "Yes, that's tihe idea. t should call hier Nora, but I amafraid that would in crease the confusion-" "Then don't do it Mr. Spence, for L am collfused en ough now. "Couldn't you swear that she ran away from yoar house at Fromin's o olls ?" (To i, contisusc) 