UNC&E; EBEN'S GHOST. : " I hope Idon'i intrude"said the Menagerie Man. Sapper was just ready at Valley Farm. Savory fried ham, each brown âice tepped off by tbe golden sphere of an egc, fresh sauce and new bread ; and the ably seabed, rôarcd tail, gannt shon frtfety nifiht air {*Set by, stranger, Cs&fton;, who was as jiftality, and wonld himself to supper £f that much vilified person^ had chanced to pass by ata meal tame. " 5&ke; a bite I ** " Not as I want's to beg,'* Said tbe Menagerie Man, apologetically» 11 1 pays my way whereever I goe». It aint as I'm poor, ladies and gentlemen,* with a comprehensive obeisance around the board. "Bat them taverns does charge so like the Old Harry, and nb man likes to be swindled.'' "Bless me, w said Mrs. Crofton, who had risen to get an extra cop and saucer, "if it aint the funny chap as wê saw at the cirsufe, as ran a nice with the monkey and cricked peanuts with his hèad inside the tiger's month." " The wery same, ma'am," said the stranger," bisgrila visage relaxing into a sm'de. "Let the ladies atone for finding out anything, bless their dear hearts ! Yes'm, I'm the chrsp. Signer Recardo Lesiarâi, ma'am, at yonr service. Born in the State of Maine, and baptized Azariah Black. And if yon hain't no objections to it, ma'am, I'll be glad to lodge here to-night. We're on the move, ma'am, me and the menagerie. And I've hired Sqnire Desnison's bwn to feck op the crectms is, and we're calenls.tjn' to jog on tomorrow mornin' at three o'clock, eo as the farm hands and little boys along the road sha'n't get a gratis view of the wild animals." 1 ' Ycri're welcome, stranger—you're welcome," said Mr. Crofton, regarding his visitor not without a certain- awe ; for the man who was familiar with tigers, and handled leopards and panthers like so many tame cats, must surely be different from the rest of the human race ; and the Menagerie Man ate and drank with an appetite which gratified Mrs. Cretan's housewifely pride in no common degree. " Yours is a queer trade, stranger," the farmer observed, over his after- supper pipe. " It is queer," assented Mr. Leaardi Black, staring meditatively into the fire. " But then, the whole world is queer, aint it, now ? " "Maybe, maybe," grunted Mr. Crofton. "I was brung up a carpenter," said the Menagerie Man; "bnt somehow me and the hammer couldn't never agree. Then I tried tbe travelling grocery business, and lost money in it ; and then one evening I flipped np a penny whether I should go and drown myself in the canal or go to the circus. Tai's won, and I knowed that night as I'd discovered the problem of my destiny. I engaged with the circus, and I've stuck to it ever since, and now I'm boss of the whole concern." "Make much money at it, eh ? " said the farmer. "Bless you, sir—yes. And lose too," said the Menagerie Man," with a good-humoured shrug of tbe shoulders. "There's downs as well as ups in tbe world, take it how you will It's the best way to take thing3 easy." " That's just what I always said to myunele Eben," said Sir. Crofton, with a stentorian sigh. But be couldn't see it in that light, somehow. He lost a deal of money in Western lands, and he cut his throat" " Do tell ! " said the Menagerie Man. "You may have passed the house, a half-mile orso down the glen, "swd Mr. Crofton. "An old, one-story red house with a big chimney stack and a lot of lilock bushes grpwin' at the kitchen door. " ' ' And a grove o' pines back on't," nodded the Menagerie Man. "Bless yonr heart, 3es, I passed it, and a queer-looking place it was, with the trees a creekin.' and a-groanin' in 1 the wind, and a strange dog a-howlin' on the doorstep. It's got a bad name through the country side," said Mr. Crofton, dejeetedly. "Eh ! ' said the Menagerie Mail, opening his eyes. " Not—haunted ! " " Haunted," nodded Mrs. Crofton. "Folfcs does say as the ghost tramps up and down the rooms and looks out o' winder of moony nights. I never seen him myself, bnt " " It's all nonsense, Jonathan/* interposed his wife, briskly. " There aint noibin' as a pack of fools won't say, if once they gives their mind to it. And Charley Stoker, as married our eldest gal, has leased the house, and is goin' to move in it next week ; ghost or no ghost ! " "Not with my advice," said Mr. Crofton, gloomily. " Without it, then," retorted his wi r e. "And Charles and Jemima they'll be sorry for it, mark my words," added the fanner. "I don't believe a word of it," s aid Mrs. Crofton, briskly. " We never had nothing to do with ghosts in our line of business," said the Menagerie Man, thonghtfaliy. " And I haven't looked into the question mush myself. Bnt folks dues tell queer stories ! " " Our Jemima and her husband always was foolhardy," remarked the farmer. "I ailvised 'em to let tbe hannted house alone. ' Don't meddle with the sapcraataral, children,' says L Bat Charley, says he : ' I'll risk the ghosts, father-in-law ! ' And Jemima, says she ; 1 1 always was more feared of live folks than dead ones ! ' Weli, I only hope they won't repent it, that's all. Because " The sentence was yet unfinished on Fanner Crofton's lips, when there was a sound of hurrying footsteps cn the threshold without ; the door was burst open, and a handsome, darkeyed girl, with a sha-cl tied round her head, and a face as pile as ashes, rushed -into the. room, followed by a stalwart young man of three or four-and- tiventy, as breathless as herself. "It's Jemima," said Mrs. Crofton, starting ' up. " It's Charley Stoker ! " cried Mr. Crofton, dropping his pipe on the hearthstone. j The Menagerie Man said notldrg, but stared j as if his whole p:rionality had resolved itself j into a pair of eves. Pretty Jemima threw herself into her mother's arms, and burst into hy&teric; sobs. " What is it, my desr ? " said Mrs. Crofton, soothingly. "Speak to me!" " Oh mother ! " shrieked Jemima, " it's the ghost ! " Tbe—ichich ? " said Mrs. Crofton. "Oh ! oh ! it's Uncle Eben's ghost ! Oh ! j oh ! oh ! " bewailed Jemima, "I unlocked th front door and walked-right in upon it, sitting by the fircplsce ja&t; as he used to sit when he was bad with, the rheumatism, all wrapped in a shaggy blaîk coat !" "I rever would ha' believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes," said Mr. Stoker, looking blankly at «he assembled group. " It's J r t of no use talking, I shall have to sell the lease of the houss for what I get can for it. Jemima will never go there to live, and / wouldn't if she wou'd." " A ghost, eh ! " said the Menagerie Man. " I Eaw it myself," asserted Mr. Stoker. "Black and shaggy, eh ?" Mr. Stoker nodded. " The old man used to wear just such a coat in winter weather," said he. "I've seen it a hundred times." "Well," said tbe Menagerie Man, slowly, breaking into a smile. "I guess you'd better hold on to your lease, Sqnire. I'll bet a good many cookeys as you won't be troubled by no ghosts. Because the black and shaggy gentleman as give you snch a -fright was my tear ! " " Your—bear ! " said Mr. Stoker. " Yes," nodded the Menagerie Man. " He's quarrelsome, you see, and I can't never take no comfort if I shut bim up with the other creetuis. So arter I'd locked up the others in Squirts Denni?on's big stone barn, I jost led Bruin along till 1 came to this ere place, where I calculated I shouldn't disturb nobody. And I let Lim in, peaceable like, at the back door. And if you and ibis here young 'cmsn wasn't particular abont shutting the door, I guess I'd better look arter bim, for he likes a breath of fresh air, Brain does, as well as any Christian.'' Jemima looked at ber husband. Mr. Stoker burst into a langh. Mrs. Crofton joined iu it. And the farmer rubbed his nose with a puzzled air. " Let's go back and £nd our lantern, Jemimy, " said the yoang husband. "And 111 go along, too," sud the elder man, who in his secret heart wa3 rather disappointed that Unele Eben's ghost had tamed out to be no ghost at alL The Menagerie Man found Bruin carefully investigating a hen roost at BO great distance, and" chained him np in an unoccupied stable belonging to tbe Croftons. Charley and Jemima re-lighted their lantern and prosecuted their original intention of measuring the floor for some home-made rag carpeting, and then they all went back -end spent the -evening at the Crofton Sum-house. An<? from that day to this no ghostly shadow lias ever crossed tbe threshold of pretty Jemima's home. And when the little children totter np the road to the old farm, aod say : " Grandmamma, tcîl ns a rfiosfc story," the old lady ekfccs the Legend of the Mccajerie Has and his bear, to the infinite satisfaction of her small aadieoca. ••••-. "And I gness that's the sort of doth that ost ghost etori.es are cut ©Bt of," sayB old Mrs. rofton. 