A Hardy Horseman, . By EDNA LTALIi. ; MUhor of ''Ilommn.J".?'Wc Tim"-"Jn the Golde Hays,"'" Knight-Errant,'' <£c. ' CHAPTER XXXIX. —Continued. But though, slic tried in this way to take t]ie edge off her pleasure she could not do ] t. Afterwards might take care of itself. There was llo possibility of realising it. now, she would enjoy to the full just the present that was here,, the long talks with BVifchicf, the delightful sense of fellowslrip with him, the mutual enjoyment of that ex'lilisite valley. .- And so they drove on, past Aak, with its lovely trees and its rippling river, past the lofty Romsdalshorn, past the Troltmderne, with their weird outline looming up against tl\e blue sky like the battlements and pinnacles of some magic city; - About the middle of the day they reached Tlorgheim, where it had been arranged that tliey should spend the night,. Fritliiof was in a mood to find everything beautiful, he even admired the rather barelooking posting-station, just a long, brown, wooden house with a high. flight of steps, to the door,- and seats on either side. On tlie doorstop lay a fine white and tabby cat, which he declared he could remember: : ye.'»zB bcioro ivhtm iJiey- Ji.ad: viBitcd. .fcli i^O:ilf;d:lJ "" - "And that is very possible," said tho UndWdy,. with a pleased look. " For we Wive hadliim these fourteen years." 1 Every one crowded round to look at; : this antiquated, cat. . 1 "What is Ills name?" asked Cecil, speaking in Norse.. :. . ;; ' '.His-name LsMons," said tlielandladv, " Momi l-Tor^lieim." •:,-. :-•-•.• They all laughed at the thought of a cat with ;a surname, and then came a general dispersion m quest of rooms. Cecil and Swanlnld chose one which looked out across a grassy slope to. the river; fclie Itauma just at this part is very still, and of a deep green colour ; beyond were jagged, .grey mountains, and. itliei moranie of a glacier covered here and there with bircli and jumper. Half-adozen little houses witli grass-grown roofs nestled at the foot, and near them were sweet-smelling hayfields and patches of golden corn. . They dined merrily on salmon, wild strawberries, and cream, and then a walk was proposed. Cecil; however, excused herself, saymg that she , had letters, to write home, and so it chaiiced that '" Fritliiof and Sigrid had what did .-not often fall [to their lot in those days,, the chance of a quiet talk. " What is wrong with you, dear old boy ? " slie said; for smce they had left Horgheim she could not but notice that he had grown, grave and absorbed. "Nothing," he said, with rather a forced laugh. But, though' -he tried to resume h® usual manner and talked with her and teased her playfully, she knew that he had something on liis mind, and, half-hopefully, half-fearfully, made one more attempt to wm his confidence. ''Let lis rest here in the;shade," she said, settling herself comfortably ,under a silver bircli. " Roy and Swanhild walk at such a pace that I think we will let them have tlie.flrst %aew of-the Mongefos." : He threw himself, down • on the grass beside her, -and for a time there was silence. . " You did not sleep last night," she said presently. ,;- " How do you know that 1" lie said, his colour rising a little. " Ohi I know'it by your forehead: "Sou were worrying over something;: - Gome;. confess." He sat up and began to;speak:abrup41y., "I want to ask you a question," he said, looking: up the valley beyond her and avoidnig her eyes. "Do you tlimk a manhnsanylmsmess tojoffer'toawomaii; "At one tune I thought not," said Sigrid. " But as I grew older and understood things more .it i seemed -to, me diflcront. I - think; there. would be few main e in tlie woild if we made a- rule of that sort And a worn n who 'really lovf d would lose sight of 11 elfi h ness and littlene and jealous} just be cause of the strength of lier love : ., He turned and looked sti lght into Jier ej-es.-' . " Aiid if I were to tell Cecil that I lovca her, ;do you think that she-mould it •anj t -rateJisten to me ? "I. am not going to s y 'ye or 'no Si! bending forn rd nd giving lam aiiss—a salute almo t unknown between NOTwegian'brother and istei—' "but I will say inste d, 'Go ndiiy ." You think then ' 1 •: rSbe^spiaagtolier feet •> '•'a don t think taill she aid laughs ii'dy;-:^""Go&d; bye tl am .going-to meet' M83S&MB; at the Mongefo ,4and youHg -..-. CHAPTER XL! '"•• THE afternoon was not so clear as. the morning had been, yet it had a beauty of its own which appealed to Fritliiof very n strongly; The blue sky had changed to a soft pearly grey, all round him rose grave, majestic mountains, their summits clear against the pale: background, but wreaths of white mist clinging about their sides in fantastic twists and curves which bridged over huge yawning chasms and seemed to join the valley into a great amphitheatre. The stern grey and purple rocks looked hardly real, so softened were they by the luminous summer haze. Here and there tlie white snow gleamed, coldly in long, deep crevices,- or in broad clefts where from year'.s end to year's end it remained unmelted by sun or ram.. On each- side of the road there was; a wilderness of birch and fc and juniper bushes, while in tliefar distance could be heard the Mohgefos .with its ceaseless sound of many waters, repeated on either hand by the smaller waterfalls. Other sound there was none save the faint tinkle of cowbells or the rare song of the little black and white wagtails, which seemed jtlie only birds in the valley. . • ; Suddenly he perceived a little further along the road- a slim figure leaning against the fence, the folds of a blue dress, the gleam of light-brown liair under a sealskin travellmg cap. His heart began to beat e ''fast, Jin STRODE on -jxioro fTiii^k]}', and Ccc fjjojtwng.footafcopsi-. loolcea :np. ,,.;-,,-. :.-.£-•.• : '*i;had finished letter and- thought I would come out to explore a little," she said, as lie joined her. .. "You have, come; bade?" .•;.•• "Yes," he said, " I have come back to .you." • • •. ; She'glancedatl;^ : eyelids dropped, and a soft.glow of colour suffused, her face. "Cecil," he said, "do.you remember' ; what you said years ago about men who worked hard to jiiake their iprtvui'6, tiiid ; then retired, and were miserable because they had nothing to do 1" ,. ._. : "Oh yes," she said, "I remember-it very well, and liave often seen instances of it" " l am like that now," he contmued: j " My work seems over, and I stand at the threshold of a new life. It was you who saved me from- rum m my old life—will you be my .helper now?" ."Do you thmk I really could help 1" she, said wistfully. He looked at her gentle eyes, at; her: pure, womanly face, and he knew. tliat his. life was in her hands. " I do not know," he said gravely; "It depends on whether you; could love 1 mo— wlietlicr you will let me speak of my love for you." Then, as lie paused, partly because his TSnglisliwordswouldnot, come very readily; j partly in hope of some sign of encouragement from her, slie turned fa* lmn -witli a face;which shone nvitli heavenly light. "There must never be any secrets between ub," she said, speaking quite simply and directly. " I have loved you ever since you first came to us—yearsago. " . -It was: nothing to Eritliiqf that;tliey were standing at the side of tho king's highway—he had lost all sense of time and place—the world only' contained for him the woman who loved hun—the -woman who let hnn clasp her m his strong arm— let him press her sweet face to his. And still from tlie distance came the, sound of many waters, and the faint tiiiMe; of the cowbells and; .the song of the httle: Mack and white birds:. The grave grey momitams seemed .like, strong and kindly fiiends^ho jshelte^^ jn from all intrusion of the outer world, but they were so entirely absorbedin-eacli; other that, they, had not a thought for anj-j h thing else. - ; '' With you I shall have courage to begin t life afresh,"lie :said after a time. i"-To: h have tlie right to. lovoyiyou^tpj-be-always? hearted^ confession; he tried to understand : a litfcle^better 'the unseen ordermg • of-hislif e,and helov.ed-totlimktlrat those weary. h . years had been wasted neither on liim nor s on Cecil hei elf He could not for one m moment doubt tli t liei pure un elfi h love h d g ru and agirn shielded lmnfiom erf, tbat all through hi Engli h life; with its liaid truggle and bitter uffer ings hei loi e lLidjii ome unknoivn way been his afeniird, and that Jus lifej cuppled by the taitble ne of a worn n h d by a worn 11 ilso beenjiedeemed All; 111 oldmoibidciivingforde thJiadgonc:: —heoageily de ired a long life th t lie; mi^ht live with Jiei -work for hei shieldi' her iom c re H31L up to the be fcof tos power whitwas incomplete jnliei life £ - * : "JSTever mind," she said, "theyhave always disapproved: of me as much as they, have of ypii they will;pelliaps say that it is after^^all a higlily suitable arraiigement! " 1 wonder whether, Swanhild will say :tho' same?"' said Fntluof with a-smile; ' 1 here she comes hurrying home alone. Will youwait by the river and let me just tell her my good news?" : , . . He walked along; the road to meet his sister, wlio, spite of added years and inches, still retamed much of her chilalikeness. " AWiy are you all alone?" he said. "Oh, three is no fun,"• said Swaiiliild. " "When Roy and Sigrid are out on a holiday they are just like lovers, so 1 came back to you:" . • '' What will you say when I tell you that I am betrothed," he said teazingly. 1 She looked up in his face with some alarm. ';-.- '.':•'......•.-.••, " You are only making fun of me," she protested. '. " On the eontrarj', I am stating the most serious of facts. Come, 1 want your congi-atulations." . .;•;'•".-. "Butwho are you betrothed vo? "asked Swanliilcl - bewildered. " Can 'it be ; to Madale ? And, oh dear, what a horrid time to chose for it-^you will be just no good'at .-ill. I really db think you might have waited till tlie end of the tour.. "It nught possibly liave been managed if you had spoken sooner," sud, JEritluof i], wtli uioclt ••bui. you fc6iuo too 1,-Lte—I,he deed IB done." .-. . J" ' "We)), I shall have Cecil-to to, so after all it doesn't much matter," said; Swanlnld graciously; '' But unfortunately rslie also has become betrothed," said Prithiof, watching the bewildered little - face. -tt-ith -keen pleasure. .«nd» seeingjjtiUo^Uslitjofipercop Uon iiUcl'dt , ;ii*).y : dj."\vn on'it * Swanlnld: caught.-his hand in hers. '' You don't mean— " she began. ;;;. v.) • " Oh, yes;" said - Fi-itliiof, " but I do mean it very much indeed. Come," and he• -hurriled her vdowii the .grassy.'slope^tp' the river. " I shall tell Cecil every word you have been saying." Then, as she rose to meet them, he said with:alaugh; ':' This selfish cliild tlnnks: we. miglit put it oif till the end of the tour for lier; spedal benefit, " No, no,'' cried Swanlnld, flying to-, wards :Cecil with outstretched'arms. "1 never knew: it was. to you lie was; be ; tlirotlied—and. you- could never be that homdj moony kmd who are always sitting: alone together m corners." , : . \- At which ingenious congratulation they all laughed so - immoderate^ that - Mons Horghenn tlie cat wasi .roused- from ius afternoon nap on the steps of the station, 1 and after : a preliminary stretch strolled; :doim towards rtlie: river to see what was :the matter, .and to :bnng, the. sobriety, and accumulated wisdom,of his fourteen years to bear upon-tlie.situation.:: • .,-, j "All, well," said Swanluld, with comical gesture, " there as clearly notlung for ;aue but, as, tlieysay-m .Italy,- to stay, at'home ;-and jnurse Alio. cat:" . And., catching up- the astonished Mons, slie danced: away,: eager to be the first to tell the good news to Hoy and Sigrid. : "It;will be really very convenient." she remarked; to the infinite ; amusement of her elders.:, "We shall not lose Pritluoff at all;-..he will: only, have ,to move across to Rowan Tree House." =•.•.• And. ultimately that was how matters arranged themselves;' so; iliat, the house which had sheltered Fntlnof ni his time of trouble,: became; his: home in this -time: of his prosperity He had not rushed all at once into full light and complete maohood and-lastmghappiness.: v Very slowly, ;very;gradually, the. bfe ..that.diad- been>plunged;in;dark-: ness. had emerged uito . famt .tis'iliglit iis; e-had struggled. to:;redeem^^. his'iatlier's: name;;- tlienv :by adegrees, the brightness of ,;daiTO^.liad;mcreased^vandiWmetimes' elped;tsometnnes.i'hmdered; b^the'ilives; cleaier light, till, aftei long waiting, the sun had indeed risen - - . tj As:Swanluld:hadij)rophesiedjrthey:!were' y.:noi,means;;Belfishdovors;^ndj- far;fromv poiling^::aieistour,. theiri;liappiness.";did; uch to dd to its ucce Cecil Juidlj Inieii wluclip rtof it TO mostrdelightful toher'-tlieifjtuui to Moldr an3. -the pilgrum.se to ih -thp quauvfc_,little jewellei hopwlieiethe OJiL,-.. clio etuo ^ iHin cli.as.'.are .iilwa' ? place crowded in as spectators, and soon Johannes andPcmilla, the brideand bride-, groom^ made their way through the throng,; and; each carrying a decanter;; approached;: the 'VTsitors/shook liands iTitli them; and; begged that they would.dunk their health: There was something strangely simple and charming about the whole thing.: Such a scene could have Jbeen found m - no other country save m grand, free old -Norwayj where false :standardsi of worfcare abohsliedy.and where mutual respect and:, equal rights-bind. each to each; in true biotlieiliood. Tlie day after, the wedding tliey spent at 'jjhe.-SiXKda]s>^Iaciei^ .'coi^iigisnll^liogeli^oi!- :3mtliIof ! and^> Cecil„wallcmg, Jn^adrance•, of? theothersup.tlierbeautifulvalley. « ^ glacier, " said Fnthiof;-:" but I am glad they are only beginning it now, and that we •have tins -rough path.-" -- -. v.-. 1 ••*•-.: And Cecil was glad- too. She liked the! scramble .and the little -bit of climbing needed here and there ; she loved to feel tlie; strength and. protection of ITrithiof's hand, as- he led :her;.over the rocks and boulders., At.last, after a longiralkj tliey reached a .smooth; grassy oasis, shaded by : silver birches and bordered by a river; heyond;, jtlie Brixdalsbrae-gleamed .••white; through the trees; with, here and there exquisite shades . of blue visible in tlio ice even at that distance. ;• ; ; '' This is just like the land of Boulah,' said Cecil, smiling, " and the glacier is. tlie celestial city. How wonderful, those broken pinnacles of ice are !"' "Look at these, two httle-streams- run-' mng side by side for so long and at last, joining,": said Fnthiof.' " They are like - our two lives. For so many j'ears you have been to meias we should'say^ forbrolig" • " W hat does that mean ? " she asked. "It is 1 untranslateable;" ho said. -"It; is that in which one puts ono's trust and confidence; but inore besides. - It means exactly what you have always.been to me."' Cecil looked down at the little-bunch of forget-me-nots and lihesiof the valley—the Norwegian -national- flowers with which Fntluof loved to keep her -supplied—and. the remembrance of all that she hadhorne during these five -years came back -to > her, and by contrast made tho happy present ,yet sweeter; • '- .- ".- ;. "I think," she said, "I should like Signor Donati to know of our happmeBS ; lie was the first who quite understood you." . '' Yes, I must write iohira," saidFritluof. " There-is no man to whom -X-owe more; And thinkmg of the Italian's life and character and of lus own past, he grew silent . ' ' Do you - know," he said at length; "there is one thing I want you to do for me. . I want you to give me back: my-; regard for tho Sogne once more.' I want,' on our way home, just to jiass .Balliolm agam." r.. And so one day it liappened that they found themselves on tlie well- remembered fjord, and coming up oiv deck when ? dinner was over; saw . that- already -the;'familiar, scenes of the: Fntluof saga were coming into view. : '' Look ! look 1" said-Frithiof. Therej far m-front of us lstheKrmuafos, looking ]ilv<i n. JJiroml ij-ja J ~ — ana, over to tlie^dglit is GFrai Cecil stood beside :;hm.7;on-.:ibe; upper, deck, and -gradually/ tlie,^scene;^unfolded: They, saw.-tbe-htfle.wooded.peninsula; the; lovely, mountamsr-round^ thes^Fjaerlands fjord; Munkeggeni'itsolff'Witli-much-moro; i-tlien; once ia^ih; 3£mg OBele?s: grave; and 7 the scattered cottages; witli their red-taled' roofs,-and the famihar-hotel, somewhat enlarged, yet recalling ti hundred memo; Ties Gravely and tlioughtf ully-Frltlnof lojokeii on the little, hamlet and. on Munkeggeii. It was a .picture that;had .been traced ;onhis ; nund;, by pleasure; and engi-aved 1 "by pain.'. Cecil drew a little,nearer -to him, -and though .no word passed;between them;; yet intuitively their thoughts turned to ;one who must for ever be associated;with thosebriglit'daysspentin-theliouseof ;01e Kvikne long ago. There was no indignation in their tlioughts of her, but there -was paui,: and pity, and hope, and tlie love wlnch.is at-once itke source and, the outcome of - forgiveness.: 1 They wondered -.much how-matters stood-with her outm the far- off-southernseas; where she. struggled: on W : new life, which must always, to the very end, be shadowed- by the old. And then Fntlnof thought of lus father, of bis-own youth, of the wonderful- glamour and gladness tliat had ! been doomed so. soon Ix) pass, mto: total echpsGj. and feeling like some returned- ghost, he : ghded close by tlie-flagstafij and'the-grey rocks, and tlie trees winch had- sheltered his farewell to; 'Blanche; - A strange and altogether, mdescribable-feelingistole. over ; him^ bufcit was-,speedily-disf)elled';- : There was a link which happdy hound, his-past to, his present—a memoiy which nothing couldspoQ-^ntliequayhe'mstantly.perceived the well-remembered faces of the kindly'-landlord;: -Olei Evikno, and his brother Knut " See'." he exclaimed with a smile;- " there are the Kvilaies looking not a day older ' We must just see, 5 they remember us." Did .-they not - remember ? -- ' Of-, course they did! And what rbowmg and handshaking, went on in the brief waiting-time. They.liadfheardofiFrithiofji.moreover, : 5andi Imewt-hownobly-lie- liadrffdeemedrd fat}ier'siiame.---T-hey:were ; enchaiit6d-at meeting him once more ^ I ' c, to -introdifcevtojyouvjny^hejrothed. who ;w'a s, g^o^yoiirj- guest long ago.-" SKtlfei And the warm congratulations and 1 heaity good wishes of Ole and dKnufci Evikne -were,- only .cut Bhortr.-by. - t^ „:bell;v wlucli-swarned::^ must hasten up the gangway" ^ < k ~ , 7 "VTS ''"liffl™colii¥*back7'~s3id''FTithiaf" "Anotiiei ummerwe hilLstajwathyou. "Ye? aia Cecil " Aftei ill iheie'J nothuy equal to "Balholm,, I ,hid forg igpttenhojy lovel lt'was As they ®hasa jon^the^ left tho httltf place b thed- im unslune, md^in llencc; Jhey w tched 4, beSa Vthe 1 fjoid. lud ,ifc fiom -(qow ^ i feUanto^aeeprthoughtF F knowledge of the Unseen, for which he had once ftlt no need ; and, finally, this wonderfuHove spnnging uplike a fountain: m Ills life, ready to gladden his somewhat prosaic round,of daily work. , / It was evening when thoy left tlie: steamer at Sogndal, but they were -none.: of- them-m a mood for settling down, andmdeod the weather was so hot that they often preferred, travelling after:,; supper. Soi it was-arranged that tliey should go-on' to a very primitive little place called Hillestad, sleep there for a Saw hours,; aiKl then proceed to the Lyster fjord. CeciliWhoTV-as-amuclibetterwalkorjtJian, either sSignd. or, Swanlnld, .was':tp.-;fipr:on stolkj a^rreanda,carriole^ and, wenbon-in advance mth the luggage ;': Tile two lovers walked briskly along.thc side of the; fjord,- 1 but 'slackened their paoc when -tliey reached-'the J long sandy , hill with its sharp -zigzags ; the evening was stiB and cloudless ; above -them itowered huge, rocky diffs, partly veiled by undergrowth, and all the air was sweet with the scent of the pine trees: . They were close to St. Olaf's well, w-liere, from time immemorial, the country.; people hav.e ;come to drmk and pray for recovery, from illness.• A.-. .;- Don't:you think we ought to drink-to myfuturehealtliJ-'saidFritlnof. -He smiled, yet m his eyes she saw all" tho time tho look :o£ ' sadness, that had come to him as^tliey approached Balliohn., The one stmg m his perfect happiness was the though t that .he ;could not bring to Cecil the unbroken health that,had once-been lus. He,knew,that, the strain; of his,past trouble had left uponhuu.marks wliiolihe must, carry to his grave; and that the.'consequences; of; Blanche's faithless-, ness had brought; -with: them: a: secret anxiety wMch— must to some extent shadow : Cecil's 'life: . The knowledge was hard;' it humiliated him. : Cecil know him so well that she read his.thoughts in an instant. "_" ' 'Miookat all; these little crosses: set up in the moss on this rock ! " she exclaimed when they had scrambled up the steep ascent.- " I-woilder how many hundreds of years:; this ;has ; been the custom?: I wonder how many troubled people have come here to di-mk ?" \- "And have' gained • nothing by their superstition?" said Frithiof. ' :! :.:; :jt " It was superstition;" she said thought-' •fully." "And yet, perhaps, tho sight of the cross. and, she drinking, of, the water, at least -helped tliuro . to, now, thoughts of suffering- and of life. "Wlio knows,.perliaps; some of them went away, able to ;glory, m their infirmities?" -.v....,--: v. _ Ho did not speak for: somo .minutes, but stood lost in the- tram of thought suggested to 'hnn by- her-words/ The sadness- gi'adually died-out of his face, and she quite understood that it was with no. traee.of superstition, but merely as a sign of gratitude for. a thought.whicli had helped liim, that. he. took two little Olafskiide, and then set up. his cross -among,' the; others m tho mossy wall. After that they clambered ""down over tlie-bouldBra into ,the; sandy -road once m'.ore^and climbed-the Bteep Mll leisurely, |rooms m Bowan Tree Houue;. tlief .little ;5wooden-;cottage -ithat they- meant:to?build a4 Godesund, threo hours by watcr froin iBergen, on a-tany island, which might be bought atui trifling coat.;;tho: bright-holiday weeks ,that theyiWouldvspend,rtliere-;rj Ijtlio ofk Jthejr, might j-sTjum ,^lic?-'iSrofls' they might inake.togotlier mtheir London hfe ;; But the sharp, contrast between; this pictured'future and- the actual: past could hardly fail to strike one -of Fnthiof's temperament; it was the-thought of this: winch -prompted; liim; to speak as tliey paused. to rest on the wooded heights above Hillstead ''1 almost wonder," he said, " that you .have tho courage to marry such an illstarred fellow, as I;havealwayB;iproved .to be. You areifveiy- brare'to .take the risk." . She answered lnm- only with,her/eyes. /; , " So," , he- said with 'a- smile; " yoU' think; perhaps; after : all-' the- troubles there-must-he-a good ; time coming? "' /, .- " That may be very well," she replied ; " but now that we belong to each other outer tliuigs.matter little." . ...- '.- •,., ; •...• •-.- :• "Do you remember the lines about Norway in the Princess ?" he said. "Your love has-made^them true for,me;", -;." Say them -now,", she, said; " I have forgotton." And, loolcing out over tlie ruddy skj' w]iere,m tliis niglit hour; the glowofsunr set mingled; \nth-the -glow; of dawn,.^-he quoted the words • . : ^ "Iwas one ' - ''•;t • ToTvliomtho'tQucli of all:mi^'hrtDce-'but caine : ;--; - . ' i Aamp-lit-fe.-Kim'tU'at sitting on alilll ' - She followed-tlievdirection of his gaze andlooked; through the; fir-trees on the lull, uponwhichthcy were restingj down, to:the: lovely lake which : .lay; below them :like.:asheet; of; mother-of-pearl, inr.the .tranquil hght.,.,*She:,lookcdfbeyond,:to the,.grand' o & ^ t h their snow7"tops touched here, and'; there mto tlie mos t ex.- quisite rose-colour; by the jising: sun:; : and. then'slie turnedhack-to' tlyii strong :Worserface mth'its icleaiiy-cut ieaturesj-vits'look! of;strengtli;-:and-'ihdependence,'iaiidnoble: courage; jand her heaittlirobbeil'i^thf joy; as'sheithoughfehow^foreign^toat-was'that;: hardfhitter.'expressionvot'-thepas.fc glanco;, ^^By- dnw^er.vtoiraidsdiim^'and-' over%othwf-;theni^there;vstole!'assfc^^ calm^which'-i^sometimesjtheiouteomebf r siaoiijg feeling. ' ^ '?ii& , nature®cemed.ii^\of:peiiecfi^eace ! ;i; tains and the fanulmr scent of tlie pines* to; tell lum th t Jie a as indeed in hi '"omi, countij, wifli speeds loving pie ence,-Ao; as uie hnn of hisjiow po e ion, and-witlii a peace nhi he rt'whioli had fiirft come to brn in bittei humiliation and trouble ' r tli^of, top jya atiBpt t ^ j v lli ? Tiefqi%themvJ; "Wliat w ; |s -all, utfeY lg-'eemga, indeed, bat;-is+hi brief; northeni e^5iglil,-a nd to de th but^a the herald of etemal-day ^ v!" 5 A us that you may have some for yourbridal wreath " She made a little exclamation of-doubt; " Wily, Tnthiof ? How long do you think it will go on flowering ?" \- '" For another-month," he, said talcing her glowing faco between his hands and stoopnig to kiss her. '' Only a month 1 " she faltered. "Surely that will be long enough to read-othe-Tianns ? " he;,8aid with a snule^. -''AiidyoureaUyought-notiO:.keep.tlie Liniuza waiting a day longer." SHY. ESB. A WEDDING l IN 1 RUSSIA. " TsE'lguostsrare far fm ore,'numerous .at7a': KussLint]ianatan, ; Englis)iweading.';:T)iey nremvited'tobe: "assistants''attihewertding. Tho -witness, who'is generally the grandest of the connections- of; ,the family,-; is the most important person. He pays tho priest's; fees. ; Then' come ;ladies;-o£ .honour and the hndemeu. The latter have to purdiase; sweetmeats for the bridesmaids.- The: " bovnrm " who carries the snored picture of' Clmst m silver and gilt, is geuer Tally a little boj-; Whe-n ; tlie party arrive? at the church it is his duty to hand the two pictures to : -the;" reader," who • xilaces-,them heluud the "royal gates," or leaning against • the altar screen. . .. . • ,,. Tlie old nurse, or housekeeper, superintends the carrying of>the dowry, from tlw house of the bride to that- of her futurehusband, and arranges everything, for-the use of the bride.' There is no law as to the itaihb"er of- bridesmaids- or their:costumes. Tlieir -dresses: are';-not; alUalike'.'-" Sometimes, on'the eve of tlieweddmg day afarewell girls' party " is given. So gentlemen attend this. All those present inust be from the unmaitied: 1 They sing choruses,-chase each other In the gai-flen;: and romp to their hearts' content. They devour any amount of tea* ice-cream,lemonade and sweetmeats. After supper tliey saj T farewell, and-leaye the intended bride very niucli exhausted in view o£ the ceremonies of the following day; ' Tlie old custom is for the betrothed -panto eat nothing on the day of their marriage until atter-' tlie -ceremony, which in tlie; family of a noble, always takes places in the evening:- - This- makes tlie day most tiresome to a girl. The .bride ^distributes \- her castoS girlisli toys, ribbons,- and jewellery to her companions. Those 'tlringa' tire called "maiden benuty." The peasant girls cut up and divide among their companions, on their -May; the. long ribbons which arc fastened'at the end- of - the plait Of hair which -bangs/down the back. 2'Iiese peasants, immediately after their marriage; have tho liaii- braided in two plaits arid •wound about tho head, then-covered with a sort of tight cap tied behind,. or with a : cottdn or SLlk handkerchief; • '.' • , . AV'lmu in I'nrgola, m Finland, I often saw : the.immarried'.-girls eventidej-haiidinhandysmging.their.weird melodies, and 1 was; 'told- to;. observe .-the difference-in • the style of the hair of the unmarried- mid the :married. The married Women liave,' under the -invariable handkerchief, a little linen lappet about. the sii-e of a ilorm hanging over the centre of tlie forehead. This is a more evident proof of marriage - than wenrmg a wedding ring. When the : women : begin t-o braid up the' hair they sing part of a -wedding song,— " Ali ' iriy braid', my braid- oi maiden-hair. Ah l goon, slia-11 ^t, bo divided m irwo 1" I THOUGHT I WOULD COME OUT TO EXPLORE A LITTLE.' 