CHAPTER LVIII. T1IE JSOKDEll WATCH TOWER. Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at the time of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turret or tower, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in days gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoitor the movements of their enemy. The surrounding country was very bleak and desolate, and the old castic, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, and crumbling battle ments, was perhaps the dreariest and most uncanny old place within the length and breadth of England. For ages it has been utterly deserted, save by the bats and owls, and the ghosts of the mailed warriors, who used to hold their nightly revels in its spacious halls. On one side, its gray and mouldy parapets looked down into tho sullen waters of Solway Firth, and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterly sterile and verdurelcss, dotted hero and there with dwarfed oaks and black thorn bushes, and bounded bj a ledge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under the base of these extended a gloomy cave, known among the peasants as the “ Hermit’s Cave,” and inhabited, so they asserted, by a wierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, like that of the •Wandering Jew, was endless ; and who possessed, moreover, the ubiquity of Asmodeus ; appearing under the shadow of the black thorns at one moment, and away up on the beetling summit of the bald dills in the next. In the dead of night, the same night on which our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up the broad avenue that led to this grim old Watch Tower. The immense gates stood wide open, as they had been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; and the carriage drove in, and over tho mouldy Hag- stones, up to the front entrance. Tho driver leaped from his box, and threw open the carriage door. He was a tall, dark man, with an ugly face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut across his right temple. “ Here wo arc, my lord,” ho said. Lord Angus put his head out and looked about him. “ Dark as a dungeon," he ejaculated, with a slight shudder, as his eyes roved over the great gray pile of ruins, looming up before him in the summer starlight. S'pose you run up and knock, Berkct, and be sure you’re all right.” The man ascended the long flight of stone steps, which led to an arched door way, and proceeded to pound lustily. At first, only the bats and owls, sLartled from Iheir roosfs, made any sound in response. He knocked again, with the loaded end of his whip, till the empty halls within rang with the sound. Ten minutes passed, and then a sound of footsteps echoed within, and presently, after a great clatter of bolts and bars, the massive doors swung cautiously open, and the dried and wrinkled face of an old woman looked out. “ Wha’s that?" she demanded in strong Scotch accents, one hand on the door, and the other on the head of an immense blood-hound, that crouched at her sido, with blood-shot eyes, and red, half-open jaws. “Me, Mother (Jwinneth, mo, to be sure !” ciied Bcrket; “ the day o’ judg ment might come, an’ ye’d never know. Why, I’ve been poundin’ here an hour.” “I hearn ye,” responded tho old woman. “ Be the young laird coom ?’’ Berkct nodded as he turned and ran down the steps. “All right, yer lordship,” he called af the door of the carriage. Lord Angus leaped out with Maggie in his arms. The poor girl had given over resistance. The sight of the driver’s wicked face, and of the grim and ghostly old building, awed her into silent obedience. Her face was as white as the young moonlight that began to shimmer on the Scottish peaks, and her eyes wore .a solemn startled expression. If Heaven did not interpose and save her, she was lost. The young man set her feet upon the muddy flag-stones, and drawing her hand through his arm, led her along by his side. They ascended the steps and approached the door, whore the old woman awaited them with a dim lantern in her hand. At sight of them, the blood hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved stealthily forward. “ Doom, ye brute—doon this minnit !” commanded the old woman. lie cowered back in an instant, and the old woman came forward, her leaden eyes lighting at the sight of Lord Strathspey’s face. “ I dinna bo sure it was ycr lairdship,” she said, watching him with a curious, eager look, and touching his arm with her withered hand ; “ but I know it’s ycrsel’ now. Ycr a braw lad now. ’Tis mony a year since me auld eyes had sight of ye. A braw young laird ye be.” Lord Angus shook off her hand with an oath, staring at her in amazement. “ Hush your gibber, will you?” he cried, harshly. “Do you mean to keep me out here all night ?” The old creature hurried back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in her leaden eyes like that we often see in dumb animals. “The young leddy’s room be all ready,” she said, humbly. “ Will ye go right up now, or-” “ Right up now,” interrupted the young peer. “ Lead the way.” She obeyed in silence, going before them up the great oaken staircase, the blood-hound crouching along at her heels. She paused midway the great hall that ran from the head of the stnirs, between two rows of chambers that had once been very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened one of the carved oaken doors. Lord Strathspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. In its day, this old state chamber had been a magnificent one, but now the tapestry was faded .and moth eaten, rats burrowed behind the carved wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and ornaments on the marble mantel were green with mould. The rich furniture, too, of an antique style, was sadly decayed and faded, and the great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little pufl3 of dust at every touch of their feet. The solitary candle that burned on the mantel threw a dim and ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, where an immense bed uj.reared itself like a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of some dcad-and-gone race that adorned the walls. A ltogcther it was as dreary and tomb like a chamber as one can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old state chamber and seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on the velvet couch that filled one corner. Then ho turned to the old woman that stood just within the doorway, her eyes following him with that curious, eager look. “ Give me the key,” ho said, roughly, “and tako yourself off. I can lind my way down.” She obeyed without a word, and with the key in his h md the young man turned to Maggie. “ You believe me now' ?” lie began, his evil eyes flashing with triumph ; “you sec how' completely you are in my power ? The doors are strong here—to-night the great gates will bo closed and locked, and clay and night that old crone and her blood hound will stand guard to prevent your escape. You see there is no hope for you.” Maggie uttered no word in answer. She sat motionless on the edge of the moth eaten sofa, her face white and rigid, her sweet brown eyes stony with horror and despair. The young lord’s heart relented a little as he looked at her. “ I don’t like to do this,” he continued, his tone softening as he spoke ; “ I want to be good to you, Maggie—it is all your own fault. The moment you consent to become my wife, you are free. I want you to think it over to-night and make up your mind to like mo—you can easily enough if yon will. I shall come to see you early in the morning, and if you’ll say the word we will be married at once, and I’ll take you back to your father the Countess of Strathspey Towers.” Still she uttered no word in response, but sat in that white, stony silence. The young man could not bear to look at her, and he turned toward the door. “I won’t annoy you to-night," ho said : “you’re tired. I’ll go down and send Gwynncth up with some supper and a glass of wine and you’ll feel better to morrow. Good-night.” He lingered an instant, hoping she would speak, but she did not, and he wont out, closing and locking the door after him. And Maggie was left alonG a prisoner in this great, ghostly old chamber. 