HAUNTED HOUSES. Sf iVILltAM' .01 SBEStOS. Is tie long.winter evenings wlien we gather round tlie cosy fireside, feeling all tlie more bappy and comfortable because we know it is so cold and dreary s^ltbout there- are few more favourite nastinies tban that of telling gliont ftorujji And BOlgiilsrly -epoifi it often moat love! bj those ffjip ajj mpst m dinger of iking~unnewed:by it..-^!il<jst of'.«s,'-at one time -Of-other liayu fj the health nntil the sipajl houija of thrt.,.ttSng hstsnjng to tdes otiiorror, til o,ur. hean$ hjive .faifltol -vjithi^ns, at tlie yery prospoot cE jjomg to Ded.and .yetMe.^avc been anxious-to liear nlore, and tile fascinations of'tlie story liave increased in proportion as it Uas inspired feelings of greater terror. Hero are two such stories; one o£ them remains shrouded-in mystery although perhaps, if "we-did but know it, the explanation would be as simple as m the ease of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. : It is recounted in a tetter, written by a member of a veiy distinguished English family; i««!.'-8ir James,-Hiy nlother; fatli mystlf and. mjf -Atother Charles Vrent all road towards tlie end "of year 1786. -After trying, several different fiTacea, we determined to settle at -Lille, where Ve fopid tlia masters iiartiqalarly good, and wliei'S m had also lottos (if .-mtroductwa. to several of the best French families. "SPhere Sir James left us, Jjfoji: a£ter passing ^ few days m/ty vmcomforpfife Igdguig, we engages a vu. large fami^f'.taiiafei ..vhich we we|tbtsmea at a very low reni. JjaiA-^r • that, jjart of -the world. About ijif e|"#eete aftor «^\vere s?taDlishod in our new rsffldence, 1 iwdkjsd ope Bay with my motilier to the hajfkers, for the purposs of dehveilng Spi lettetiif credit:&offi; Eoljert Hemes, anj^f^wmg^ome Jrioney, which, liemg ^id m heavy STO Jtajic prepes we found we iftaSKw of no housf tliert sr.-ss, '.'• except, itideed ' m s-itkd one &atr;|Ss been long uninhatiitei % col pi ttfebesenant that walks about. " r * flu ^litp seriously and m p-tfpiie of which we Snt^alnGd at the idea = Hsjpii toie we begged him not to ijiention Ms msatjji -to our servants lest theyshoiljl^alce anyf anjiEa mto their Meads; and Bly mdflier and I resolt^l to say nothing aboilt it to ady -one supgpge it« fee ghost,' said my mother, laugji •Hig..-?ih& : -^eS ps so flften -by TralElJjg fliiff been.-ay^^d^t 4 onr ipS' We la " several rnglit® hy S. t foBedi-o:®; tliai oifpi of wk m we had three JlngJish ih and four Pi ?iOm (inch, of women servaflt|-TO:3rativ? ., English, and all mig&mtf; Its Eoglisl. ones, mqo «a« ot&ero;, returned ulkaf. "«®j.3o,iEfigwif-sSfli as. W gtetmfe, helng agam ttwffiened tiy tiie 1 step, my mother asked Cressjrel), ' who slept m the room abo.ve us ?' 1 No one, -my lady,' she rephed, ' It is a large empty garret.' "About a w«ek or ten days after this Cresswell came to nay-mother, one morning, and told lier that all the Erenoh servants talked ahout going away, because there was a rncnant in the house ; a'Jdme, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, winch was said, together tfitll some other property, to . We belonged to a young man, wliose guardian, who was also his uncle, had»treated him cruelly, and confined him in an iron -cage ; and. as he hod subsequently disappeared, it was conjectured he had been murdered. This uncle, after inheriting the property, hid suddenly quitted the house, and sold lfcto -the father of the man of whom we had hired it. Sulce that period, though it had been several tomes let, nobody had ever stayed in it abovea week or two; and, for a- considerable .tame past.it had had- no tenant at all. " ' Ami do you really behove all this non sense, Cress well,' said my mother. ,f . < Well, I don't know my lady,' answered she, ' but there is tlie iron cage in the garret over your bed-room, where you may see it if you )i!case.' 1 "Of course we rose-to go, and as just at that moment an old officer, with his Graix de St. Louis, called on us, we invited him to ,-iecotiipany 113, and we ascended together. "We found, as Creaswell had said, a large-,-empty garrett, with • bare, brick wails and", in the •farther corner of it Btood an iron sage such as wild bjeasts are kept in, only higher; it was About four feet square, and eight in height, and there was an iron ring in. the wall at the back to which was attached ail old rusty chain, with a collar ised to the end o£ it. I confejy it made njy "blood creep, when I thought of tlie pftsSibllity of "any human beinghavui.4 inhafiitcd it- And our old friend expressed as much horror as- ourselves assuring us that it must certainly have-"been constructed .for- Eome ,sacli dreadful purpose. As, however, we • were no behevers ' ia-"ghosts, we all agreed -.that the noises must .proceed from somcbody;w-lio. had an interest m keeping the house empty ,; and sincc ltifras very-djfiagreeablo to : imagine that there Wore "secret nifitns of entering it .by night, e resolved as soon as possible to look out . for another residence, andj in lie meantime to .say nothing about the matter to any one. About ten days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Crcsswell, when she came to'dress her, looked exceedingly pale and illy inquired 'if anything was the matter with her ' '"Indeed my lady,'-answered she, ' we have been frightened to death, and neither I nor Mrs- MarSh cat sleep again in the room we are now in ' ' Well,' returned my mother, ' youshall both come and sleep m the little spare room next us; but what has alarmed you ?"' • -:., " :•-- = • ' " Some ono, my lady, went througli our room in the night; we both saw the figure, "but W both covered our leads with the bed-clothes, an4 lay in a dreadful fright till mormng.' '-'•Oh hearing this, I could not help langhmg, 8jj6ii wh'ieh Cresswell burst into tears j iiftd seeing how nervous she was we comforted her by Eayftg that-we had beard of -a good house, and- that we should very soon abandon our A few nights afterwards, my, another revested ine and Charles to go to her bed-room aild fetch her framc,-that she might .preparo her wo* for the next day It was after supper, and we were amending the stairs by the light of a lamp which was always-kept burning, when we saw going op before us a tall thin figure, Widrhair -flowing: down his back, and. Wearing a loose powdering gown. 1 -We- both at once concluafint was?My Smtet- Hatinafc;-^-aiid called out - 'ft won't do. Hannah, you cannot frighten u«:' - Upon tvliich the figure tnrnfed into a J-ecess •in - the wal} ; but as there was nobody Urare •when we passed, we concluded that Hannah had ContrivM somehow or other to slip away and i&ake; her escape by the back stairs " On telling tlus to my mother, .however, she Bard, 'It is tbts odd, for Hannah went to bed •With a JiCad iicbe ibefwe yon can® in from j-oar walk,'and sure enough, on jsoms HoftrrrB ioundJier last asleep;-and Alice, -who jwasat work there, assured us that she had been f,o Jo'r jnoro than .an liour. On inetltionin^ this (^rcumetaiceto Cresswgll,sho tttrned jvute jiale-, and GxciaimsS th'at.that was precisely the Hgure she and Marsh had seen in their beatoDm •: !< About this fioie my brother Homy catae to iptod a ^^Sajs with 11s, 6n4 "we gave htm a room up another fait bf itairii, at ;tlio nppositc ehaUtbeiiOUiC. Amotning or.tta) after. h«s hcqvent tp fcei dl-trnk and could 11 ot put own candle, that ehtt £ent ^hose W-encli rascals watcU .Jiiin::.- My. mother ' afisuwij. Hm -ibat liad Symr, thon^J?doihgJjSi A^b.lng; 3 hghi „ . life I saw a fellow 5n his lotec-gotfnattbe _jttoJn iff tfe stairs If I had ibt m ray! shift t wtiuld lifte gone after hu6 and inado: 45in remerahSr comiSg ttf watch mo' werJ noSc {irepanlig to quit tbB house, -. baving secnred another belonging toa gentlfemaQ: ^vioSTSS goiiig to sptnd fisme time mimy ; -but befor ^Urreflioval it happened .that; .a Mr anjl^js Aiiyis, ^ome^nghsJijftjcndp of •our^ a whom jve jbeniionea ihpse 1 ices,'i?llB6rWng^?|xli^Jly': io.'Wi-M-aho.useiWtso&rf; fouha^eaM of |e%ng^ito toatimt . Loctrnl<1 it tie fofi>A 166t Wi-lOv^, ror tat heir motive could "be ereept It i( s to it htfenls, observing-that mo 6ni couirelefep in -tfes itoa M t-sil ana Qttfisfcai M Wto^Wirtd: aA fvfe to, ^ih ^bw Mra M a* toghed hetf%lfi «hd Md tkt as aliould hke «f 'all tiling JO t'tep there it my mother would tflon Jaddingj- iiai-31 & jhsr-httle ifcioer he ja»nljl%6j, h ^qmd »f 4nj3gliOBt at -e^r -appeareai"' At J!)/ mfher li ul ot .1. ui.l no „b,ctaoni ^ f e made no^Ccftl^. Aid SreareStea iftj^jlipr nUy without itie least apprehension l in jtheimeri&iB; we night by something moving in her room that by the.light of .the night ]a„p i' S most distinctly a 6gufe,.ana that. He'doe wbich was v^ry spirited, and fiew at evciytl^iig stirred although she . had endeavoured to maW saw clearly that she had hecn vcv ..mt^:alarmed, and when Mr. Atiyns came ao| t0 dissipate the feeling by irer JSS&Klsi;:- that she might have dresmt'it sl,„ \- We Could net l:clp thinking tiw-t she had actually seen something - and my metestod-after she was gone, that tl.ou"), she coulS'-not -bring Jierself to believe it was reallv a ghost,, still ahS'*arnest)y hoped that she miolit getnut-of-jthe hquse without seeing tbis fim™ W whi?h frightened neople .»„ niucit • • "Me were now within three dajs c'£ ihe e>s fixed for our removal .; I had been uthi- a loiiiride,, and being tired, had faUen asleep the moment I lay down, but . in the middle of tho night I was suddenly awakened. I cannot sav by what, for the step over onr heads sre bad become so used to that it no longer disturbed us Well, I awoke ; I had been lying wiili my face toivards my mother tthd was asleep beside "m'e, and, M one nstlally doe? on asking I Wrnc j ^ -tlie other sidej wliere; the weather being warm tne.curtdui of the bed was undrawn, as it fb albo at the foot.' and.I sdw standing hy a ehen'd drawers which wero betwixt me and the window a thm tall figtee,. m a loose .powdering gown ouo atln resting on, tlio drawls and the fife tiirned towards me. I sawit quite distinctly by, tlie night light which burned clearly. lt\r-.'« a thin, .pale young face with oh ! such a mela2: choly expression as can never be effaced from my memoiy. I was-certamly very much frightened, but any great horror -was lest my mother should awake anduee-the figure. I turned my head gently towards her and heard Mr breatliin® high in asotind-sleep; Just then the clock 04 the stairs SrHfk;foui. I-ddre saj it tfas nearly an "hour before. I ventured ,to look again, and gben f did take conrage to turn .-my cr^ tc'. |B jthe drawers . there was -nothing j had' ijmtmd 'te slightest sound, though I had aiJJsteiung S'lth the greatest mtensity. 'Is you may suppose,-Ivnever closcd ray eyes again,-and /glad I-was :,when Crcsswell knocked at fte-door, as she did every moi-ninj. for-w.e always locked it^.and it was my busineU to get out of bed and let her in. But on this lsion instead of doing so, I called out, 'Come fhe, door is not fastened;' upon which she yrfifiA fta± it was,-and-i was obliged to get flSirf admit her m Usual. "MVhenliold-my mofcber wWliad happened, she was. very ffiafefnl tfl-:»|-fpr not walsing lier and commended me,,TOJKf for my resolilt'son. She. however, rsj&lyBd; pot to risk another night in the house, got out of it that very pafne:aay,.-flfSpr3ttstilutmg. with the aid of the servants^.:» itoorough search, with a view to ascertain, if there was any possible means of .g^rag into the Tooms except by the usual iSodcs of Ingress, but our search was vain; none could be discovered.'- Considering the number of people that were m the house, the-fearlessness ot the family, aul theu: disinchnation to believe in what is called the supernatural, together with tlie great interest the owner of this large and handsome rcsidsnpe mu^t liav® had m discovering the trick-, if thefe. had .heeh one^we must admit that these-extraordinary circumstances are very difficult of explanation. One of the best stones of a haunted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstock, in the year 1649, when the commissioners sent from London by the Long .Parliament to take possession 01 it, and efface all the emblems of royalty.about it, were fairly driven out by tiieir fear of the devil and the annoyances tiiey suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played iho imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at -Woodstock on the I3th October. 104!). Tliey took-up their-lodgings in the late king's apart- meats, -turned the beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing-.roonrs into kitchens and sculleries, the council-hall into a brew-house, and made the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. • They, pulled down all the insignia of l-ojal state, and treated with the utmost indignity everything that recalled to llicir memory the name of majesty of Charles Stuart. One Griles Sharp accompanied them in tbo Capacity of clerk, ana -seconded their efforts apparently with the greatest zsal. He aided -them to uproot a noble old tree, merely because it was called the Kinas Oik. and tossed the fragments into tliti dining-room to make .cheerful fires for the commissioners. During the- first two days- they heard Eome strange noises about the hous?:, bus they paid 110 great attention to them. -On the third, however, they began to suspect tliey had got into bad company; for thev heard, as they thought, a supenutural dog under their bed, wlncli gnawed tlicn- bedclothes. On the next day the tables • and chairs began to dance, apparently of their own accord. \- -On -the fifth day, something came into the bedchamber and walked up and down, and fetching'the -warming pan out of .the withdrawingroom, made so much noise .with it that tbev thought five church-bells were ringuig in their ' On the iixlli day, the plates and dishes were thrown nip and dowh the dining-room. • On,the seventh day, they penetrated into tlie bedroom in -company with several logs of wood, and usurped the soft pillows, intended for the commissioners. . •. • On the eighth and ninth nights, there was a cessation of hostilities; but on the tenth, tiie bricks in the chimneys became loeomotive anil rattled and danced about the floors, and round the heads of the commissioners, all the night long. On the eleventh, the • tau aivay with their clothes; and on the twcljth tilled tiieir beds so f nil of pewter--platters that they could not get into them. On the thirteenth night, the glass became unaccountably- seized with a fit of cracking, and.felt.mto shivers in all parts of the house. On ihe fourteenth, there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery bad been fired off, and a shower of pebble stones, ivhioh so alarmed the comroissioners that, " struck with gnat horror, tney cried out to one another for help." They first .of all tried the efficacy of .prayers to drive away the spirits ;.but these proving unavailing, they began seriously .to reflect whether it would not be much belter to leave the place altogether to the. spiiits that inhabited it'. ?hey resolved, hffwever, to trv a little longer; and having craved forgiveness of all their siu?, hetooli themselves to bed.- That night they slept m tolerable comfort, -but it-was merely a trick of their-tormentor to lull them into-false security. - When, on the succeeding night, they heard no noises, they began te flatter themselves that the spirit was driven out, .and prepared to take -up their .quarters for tlie whole winter ia the palace- Itae .sjiaptoms on tneir .partbccaoie the signal for renewed uproar among .tne spirits. On the lit ^November ihey. heard something .walking..with a .slow .and solemn.pace up -and Aowii the. withdratfiiig- rooni, and immediately a/terwardsashowerofstoiies, bricks, mortar, and brokenglafespeltedaboultheircars. Onthesa-oso steps w^re again beard in tlie witbdrawing-room. .souiu)jj!g-to itUeir tancy.. very ,much like tLe treading of an eiiorijions bear, which continued .for.nbouVa "quartet i>f an hour. This noi=t iavlng «ea"sed, a-large vvarmmi-yan was thrown "Violently, upon the table, followed by a number .of stones and the'jawbone of a horse. Some of the boldesfc walked vuliaiiUy-into tlie withdra*- iiig^room, armed Witii swords and piSiols, hot, could discover nothing.:. Tiiey were afraid that Might ta:go.±o'.'hcd, :and silt uj), milking »• every room, and buniing candlts and lamps J" ©Sataiiintlauce ; jthjnking tiiaivas the spu^ ioved iarkneeo, itej- would .not .distui-b a comjiany Eurroimded/,)rith .so.jnnch light. , I»«y were dccelvedj lioitcyer; buckets of water .came dona ihe clupnoys and extinguished ihe lii®, 2n"4 'thc candles -wete blott-il "OUtpliey knew not low. -who had bttaken themselves to bed were "drcnched with potn^ h-ight, -exposing to the wflndellfa' <*es of tlie ioWitissioners theirilnen all'dripping wifchgieeii moistilte, and -their knuckles red with ilie blows- 4hey hsa at .flujisasnetome.received .fro.ui.isonie invisible jtormeator-. Wale they were «till j^e^ng,:;:iaef8.-wa8-fi.inoise#e the thiinder, or the fixirignf .a wliole pack ofartii lerv.:' One "of stiw -i»inmwsi0WEES.4i3teu » » cpuiageoua voicg. .irfio was .there, and what Ma aone-thfft they Tioiild Jie so troubled M retuf^'e'dy aiiatlle noises ceased for a A-t lengfli however -as the -commissioners id, the epint-camt-agaifi, tond brought witn It -seven mel<S worse "this -it«elf * 33eingag m mdatkntee,«ilBjlighted®,oaiidle<i!id placed it 5nM Orwny, that tmight *biow a light opto tieiWDxhatubei ainnce, hat it »»sj»dde8Jy ' hto -out ind <009 ssoflnnjflSioner^id ie haa ' cciLtta ^imikl,ildo^faaioi«es-iioo£«taUiiE tihessanaio^ind •caudlestick into the widdh-ot lumber, and ^ftera-arda making pes-oaihe anuff to .put jt out." ' Upon tin ^js prso^ ms so bold ' osSto draw ui-aw P' hs s "he asserted nasitrtelyVhat >e bad , It Wten in lnvmhle^na® 1 . Jiold Of it and tugged with-lum and Tift Vailteg itook hun -co violent, a ^ witii -the iwni«tl4Mt -lo !was<mt-e «tunae(t tSfehtho^oiSftS-began ^gs5n ffliiSyaere eon Mncedb tins lime it-was useless to Siugg' 0 jay4oager3rathAe#oWGj® 4MW. seened deter ^a^iMteW-^^rnwn ThpsetonBs tions were completed, und shaking the;dust:"off their feet, finally took tIieir departure. \ jfany years elapsed before. these disturbances i«certoincd at the MfeiMaj'MjBfehelS be knew every hole :iind coifier® numerous ta^S^a and sfprotsj commlssioEWB.nev^; suspeS utmost he abused-iji^j^ner'jftbve detailed, to h!^ ova great ®§s&ent; and that of-afew.cavaliers^ •shnin lie let into'the- secret.; > 