EXTRAORDINARY LUNACY CASE. AN IMMACULATE CONCEPTION. On Monday, December 3, at the Inns oi Court Hotel, London, before Mr. Hlcholson, one of the Masters In Lunacy, and a special jury of Middlesex, an en quiry, ordered by the Lord Chancellor, was opened to Investigate the alleged lunacy of Major Samuel Richard John Owen, late of the Indian army. The petitioners were Mr. Samuel Walsh Owen and Mr. Leopold Henry Owen, sons of the alleged lunatic, for whom Mr. George Candy, Q.C., and Mr. Stroud appeared. Major Owen, who occupied a seat by the side of the master, vas represented by Mr. Finlay, Q.C., M.P., and Mr. Upjohn. He was described as formerly residing at Mount Slon, 'Venturer, Isle of Wight, and also at Flanders-road, Chiswkk. Mr. Candy aaid the petitioners were tie only surviving children of Major Owen, who served with distinction in the Indian army during tiie mutiny. On re tiring, he went to Yentnor to live. The {acts which he should more especially bring to the notice of the jury arose principally out of the relationship that bad subsisted during the past two years be tween the major and a young lady named Mary Money, whose maiden name was Mary Johnson. The major, many years ago, made the acquaintance of the lady who was now his wife, and she was a spiritualist. Subsequent to that intro duction the major seemed to have taken to THE STUDY OF SFTRTTUAXISUC UTERATCRE, and there was no doubt that at present he waB firmly convinced that he -was con stantly in communication with the unseen world, bis theory of life being that he must obey the behests of persons who were neither tangible nor visible to mortal hands or ejea. Every action of his life was governed accordingly, even to the most trivial points. In the house at Yentnor, called Mount Sion, there was one room fitted up In a most gorgeous way, and was described as ' THE HOLT OF HOLIES,' and into which profane persona were not allowed to enter, but where the moat seri ous communications took placebefcvreen the - supernatural and those persons who were allowed by the major to be present. Mary Johnson,. the. niece of Mr. John F. ColHugwood, maxzied a young man named Frank Morey in the latter part of 1886, and tbe honejrooon, remarkable to say, was spent by tie husband and wife in the company of the respondent. Afterwards Major Owen took Mrs, Moray abroad. Shortly after the marriage Mr. and Mrs. Morey ceased to live together as husband and wife bub on August 29 MBS. XOBEX WAS COSFIf(EJf OF A FEjIALS CHILD. in the chamber of tfce Holy of Holies, and. counsel read a long and extraordinary letter which the respondent wrote Mr. Callingwsod, describibg certain circum stances attending the confinement, and in which he explained that he wrote in order that the information might come direct from him id the first instance, as — Sfccrt-te. slip like water If fhej oancarnyour mother, wife, or daughter, (Laughter). He described the confine ment as an abnormal one. Although Mrs. Morey believed she was a virgin, tie fact remained that she was delivered oi a female child, and Majar Owen was undo* the belief that THE DJFAMT WAS MIRACULOUSLY AND IM-. JIACTCLATELY CONCETVEB. and' expressed great disappointment at the sex of the child, as he thought it would have represented the Second' Per son of tne Trinity. Sight days prior to the birth It was supposed that a prince was born in the upper chamber, and that it was taken Up to heaven by the major to hlsdeceased wife. The major thought he was in constant communication with the angels, and that Mm, Frank Moray was an angel, and had told his son that -n receiving a mandate to that effect he wonld facrifice Mm in the same way aa Abraham did Isaac. Oa another occa sion the major bought a picture at an auction for £8 10s. , and had to take It home to ascertain tLe subject. He bought it because of a super natural communication, and the subject turned out to be 'Melchlzedeo.' Counsel contended that Major Owen was Incapable of managing his affairs, and called evi dence in support of his. statement, includ ing Mr. Collingwood, of 96, Great Port land-street, vf ko had been associated with Major Qnren at the Anthropological Society. Mrs. Mary Miller, the nurse who attended Mrs. Morey in her confine ment, said Major Otren described the birth as a miraculous one, but ?WITNESS COULD SEE KOTDXXG MR-iCCLOUS ABOUT IT. The major told witness she .did not understand things — that Mrs. Morey was an 'angel- woman.' (Laughter). The major called Mrs. Morey his darling. Mrs. Morey asked the major if he thought it was possible fcr him to have a baby. He replied. 'Quite possible.' WitnesB said—' If you do, I will nurse you myself and keep myself into the bar gain.'*' (Renewed laughter.) Major Owen Baid, ' Don't make raBh promises.' Hehad also told her that Mrs. Morey could see things and call upon the spirit of his mother. He also said that a vase in the room moved at such times. He told her he had been to the Holy ha ad, had seen the serpent with the bruised head, and he showed her a dove's feather which he said he had taken from the crown of thorns. (Laughter.) Questioned by Mr. Flnlay witness eaid the feather came from Mount Calvary. She though the major had got ' a tile loose.' On Tuesday Mrs. Sarah Sophia Owen, the wife of one of the petitioners, residing at Chiswick, said the major and his wife came on a visit to them in J une of this year, and stayed with them three weeks. The respondent told her that eight days prior to the confinement of Mrs. Morey a little prince was born, and that Ft WAS TAKES UP TO HEAVEN BY THE MAJOK. and delivered up to the care of its mother August 23, she was told, was the anni versary of the birth of the Golden Prince. On that day Mrs. Frank Morey, Miss Morey, Miss Harrison, and herself were taken into the room called the Holy of Holies. All except the witness had white dresses. The major wore a hat with a feather in it, and a long white gar ment trimmed with gold. Mrs. Vrank Morey's baby was placed In the midst of them, and they were subsequently told it waB trying to speak to them, and that the little pilgrim prince was in it It was all very sacred and solemn. Miss Harrison, while sitting on the couch dropped appa rently insensible on the floor, and, a pillow being placed under her head, she was allowed to remain for some time. They all knelt down, as they were told they were In the presence of God. Mrs. Morey was at that time on the bed, and after cover ing her face with her hands she waved them towards the ceiling, and then closed her eyes. The witness then sat down by the side of the bed and watched her, and the first thing she said, addressing the witness, was, ' YOU DIK.TT CREATURE !' It was explained to her that Mrs. Morey bad just come down from heaven, and that everything down here appeared so dirty. Major Owen was present at the time. On another occasion Major Otren seemed very poorly. He was in bed, and he told her that his spirit had left the body, and that it was now only gradually coming back to it. Mrs. Morey, coming in, addressing htm said, ' Ton have been ?gallivanting' again.' 'Oh,' said he, ' where have I been ?' ' China,' she re plied, ' helping them with their political matters.' (Laughter.) Several medical gentlemen were next called to speak to the insanity of the respondent. MAJOR OTTEN EXA3HHED. The evidence for the petitioner haying been concluded Major Owen was examined by Mr. Finlsy. He said he took up the study of spiritualism In 187L From the investigations he had made he did not believe in spiritualism, and neves had nor said he had any personal communication with spirits. Questioned about the room called the Hely of Holies the respondent said he never called It by that name; that was only what Mrs. Morey called It. It was simply a room set apart for religions purposes. He denied the truth of the evidence for the petitioners gene rally. Tiie allegations against him were only twistinga of what he had said refer ring to tiie spirit of the Holy Ghost. Medical and other evidence was then called on behalf of the respondent. On Wednesday Mr. Frank G. Cox (called on behalf of tiie respondent), said he was engaged In a bank at Yentnor. Major Owen was a customer. He was veiy keen as regarded his banking accounts, and he never saw anything about him to lead him to suppose that he was of unsound mind. Mr. Francis Truman stated that Major Owen was the tenant of a house belonging to him at Yentnor. 'Witness never noticed aoy tUng unusual about him. CroBB- ex- amined — Why did he alter the name from Katrine Yilla to Mount Slon ?— I did not care what he called the villa so long as he paid the rent. Mr. Frank Morey (examined by Mr. Flnlay) said he was tiie husband of the lady whose chUd, as well as herself, had been so frequently mentioned. YOU ARE IEE FATHER OF THIS CHILD ? Most certainly, sir. (Laughter.) It is rather an extraordinary question to put. Well, I apologise for putting- it, but, so far as you know, is there the slightest ground for any suggestion of immorality between Major Owen and your wife 1— None whatever. CroBB- examined, the witness said lie remembered the major taking his wife abroad. Since then his wife had not lived at the major's expense ; for months she had stayed at Newport with him at Mb father's house. He knew Mb wife was alsplrituallfittc medium when he married her. Mr. Flnlay addressed the jury for the respondent, and Mr. Nicholson having summed up, the jury retired at a quarter past 3, and, returning at 10 minutes to 4, the foreman intimated that they found that Major Owen was of sound mind and capable of managing his own affairs. Mr. Nicholson — Is that a unanimous verdict i The foreman— No. Twelve for and 11 against. ? 