SU'NDAY SERVICES. PgESBYTERIAN OHUROH.1, ine Kov.;jjr,,.JVl'(Jiiy preached from Matt. 5th chap., 8th verso./— ' Blessedart theurein heart, for they shall /'see God.". Purity of heart, in ordinary speech,. denotes freedom from uuclean thoughts. This. is certainly impliod aa- prirt b'f tlie char.ietcr:bf>thoao who are here pronbuflbra hlessed. But muoh more' is meant: Gold .U pure .when lt.is free from dross. . Water is-pure wlion there is no foreign admixture in it. And so the heart is pure when its dispositions are such as belong, bo ii s proper nature:; : As man is designed by hisMaker, to know, love, and serve Him, the pure/in heart are th'osb/wli'o ; make this their ruling aim in -life; - There1 must-be single- iiess of aim) for/the double:niiuded '.man is/uii- stahla iri a'l liis ways.)..,1 To-day he lives solely for the world, to-morrow he indulges in a' dream; of heavori.;',Only they who sincerely aiid sup- emely seek to (know : and serve God can enjoy; the blessedness of seeing God as here promised. For we find tlmt.mon too what their prevailing bent arid ruling' -passibhs dispose them to perceive: An ornithologist - visits London and 'carries away with him only tho memory of a flock of Btrange birds that passed overhead as ho on- tored tho'city. . A spectator, with an artist'B eye,) notfB tho beauty of a'landscapo. Another think ing (if tlio utilities) debates whether it is fit for pasture "(ir agriculture or rich in mineials. A lark soars heavenward,- and a huntsman thinks of it as a splendid. Bliot, while a Mozart wishes lie could reproduce its song in music. The merely intellectual riinn studies nature and history, and oiscov'ers mechanism and law. Jesus sees God there in His creative and providential working, oo is it with all wlince hearts aro light, they EC-i, '" nature, providence, and graco,, and will see Him more perfectly in glory. Hero the lienrt at host ia like the magnetic needlo, nnd exposed to /disturbing, influences which often mm it asido from tho polo of its true attraction, out freed from theso influences it will rit last bo xed m its proper plnne, and thou Bhall enjoy an unbroken vision of -God. C1IRIST CHURCH. Hie Rov, E.;A. Crawford preached oil Sun- u»y morning upon St Luke, 2nd chnpter, 27th M'ro" > 'lr"l boon revealed unto him by tlio "ly Ghost that ho should not B' O dentil, before '?Jmd soon tho Lmd's Christ." On the 2nd J'J'Wy thoCliurch coniinomoratrs tho Pro- bn7) 011 f Christ in tlio Templo. . Every first- „f. ' hnd to bo so presonled, in oommeuior- t the first-born of tho Hobrow.s, whon a Ja, , „"! Fgypti-ins wore slain. Tho feast but m Purification of St Mary tlio Virgin, Lnr,v t, co"cct (uliicli is anciont)sliowBitisour niii-ifi8- ..'ui'miatinn, rather than His mother's tiiln v'l'ich is commemorated. Whon " Mo u -WaH 'lrat: opened it was callad the th« ' (C"''UQk Hypananto), on account of '|wj t !00 (f u-ith Simoon end Anna. . Simeon ihsKn i'-'" Pl'0"iiteil that he ..would lint 'dio boforo to thn-m60" Uhiah, and tho Holy Spirit, led liiih mple jiiht when our Lord, , an, .infant of forty days, was/presented: -, Although there was nothing to. distinguish Him frorii other'- infants, simeon was enabled to recognise in Jesus the oaviourwlio was promised, and taking Him- in his arms, ho iittero-1 tlioBe lovely words of faith' and submission, ivhichi tho ohureh sings at oven-; ,n8 .STviee, after'thii Now-Test, imont had been I!®".' . ; Sunoon would not have recognised Christ utiless h6;haa/hadfiiith,7riiid Inith WiirteiiJour eyes to discern Him as well. Without faith tho! sacrament is only a littlo'bread and - wine. Bu'j Faith teaches lis that ' ' tlio bup /-f blessing wliichj weblessis the sommunion of,tho Blond of Christ. The bread which we break is the communion of tho Body of Christ. 