? Bhort "this big] Mr, Lang cscwït, noî .. pin the te&nicil; definition of the short stonB^e would respectfully refer that belated a collecof papers published undttthe titlaof " Pens an« Ink," written by Mr. ÈèuàgMto^i In that little book îtr. Mattl^É ^e^S&i; a chapter to a full discussion of the theory of the sh«t Etoty. Mr. Lang and Mr. Sylvesiier—in the" preface to a.collection of short. Emories by faapous French writers which they have translated into English and issued under tbetrtle of Th& Dead Léman—lament the unpopularity of thi« form of literatare among English readers, trace the causes of its disfavour" ft 1 two sources—one the idiosyncrasy of our readers, and the other the material supplied to them. We English people, these illustrious confrères tèll us, have an inherent objection to having on? attention awakened a dazen times in a volume. When weiake the trouble to mike the acquaintance of a certain set of character?, we lite to follow their fortunes for some hours, at le «st. The otbsr objection (and it, in our bumble judgment, is a far more radical one) is that we seldom get the short story at its best from an English w^fcer. As our tiro translators point out, many of the subjects which lend themselves most j naturally to the short sioiy, and which are j f-eeJy open t) French authors, are tabooed to our j writers. The first essential to a short story is a situation. The more intense the better, though it may be intense in various spheres—' as, for instance, intensely ludicrous, or intensely pathetic, or intensely tragic, or intensely ghostly-, or even intensely ghastly. AR a nation wft live a humdrum life, and have few adventures or catastrophes. Nevertheless, we have not lost our appreciation of vivid life in stories, j anfl we venture to think tbat if we had a Pœ i to write for us to-day his tales would not lack ; circulation. \ is to the success that these gems from the I French are likely to have in educating the j popular taste up to an appreciation of-thev short j story, the translators are not very sanguine. It hardly seems to us likely that readers whose j taste is sufficiently cultivated to appreciate the , , , - .,. „ ! S as, G^utlerf ' B^ïCs, ! guage in which they were written. The translators, in the effort to preserve the character and quality of the style—which, indeed, is fully half the charm in these stories—have, to our ; mind, sacrificed too much. Ths turn of expression Js often so én-Englid»jthîit the.raider j R ; rea-iin" a transit » £ , ™ ElÎT, S w V J ™ S t , CTS 87 taitntui version, b.t «ne wants to be, Tot the time, urconscions tbat it is a version. We are d not crUicismg the performance a*y more j h severely than the translators themselves have o criticised it. They admit that the ait of tnuus-I lation hasyet to be discovered, wf^n predict that it never will befomdin SlTe^ With regard to the p^pLte of the bSk^ awakening a taste for'short stories, we W for more than we expect. Writers Jd ^dere would alike be gain'ers if the tile f«iûch7s"to the Eovel as the lyric to the epic and whi.-b like the lyric, is tbe product of à bi-h tide of emotion artistically worked up into the simolest and strongest form possible for it to 4e) were estimated at its true value and compensated accordingly. The Dead Leman (" La Morte Amoureuse"! by Theop!:iIe Gautier, read, iL a k-nd rf thé saints, coloured with an artist's skil and told with a scholar's g^ce. The miraculois clement IS present in large quantity. The escludve, ascetic vie w of We tone, every phrase. À baantiful abacdoneil «oman nam'ed Clarimonde . T — Jast ntes of the Church. She appoints a spirit tryst with Lim, and he thence!orth enters u. on a period of double consciousness. In. the dav he fulfils his service to the Church, and at night he is Clarimonde's lover. In time he discours that his enchantress belongs to that very objec tionable order of ghosts known as aTthé the ramTire Tnmmr» - I but though sbe prevs upon his life, his devotion to her ' remains '• unshaken. - A fellow-prie-t observing hew liomuald is wasting away, discovers his secret, and lays the apparition by opening her tomb and sprinkling holy water upon her boiy. The stoiy is told bv fiomnald when he has reached old age. Graphically as it is given, there is a curious coldness in its W1UUC5B Jfl Ils effect upon the reader's imagination Its appeal ' is to the mental tide only of the ima-ncation, ; nat the emotional. " The Doctor's" Storv (Balzic's), on the other hand, makes threader ' shudder. As translations, the tales by Merimee 1 strike us as the most satisfactory A certain i curtoess in stjle lends itself to the abrupt i forcible phraseology that is the feature of our i conversational style. "How We Took the 1 Eedoubt " is a magnificent chapter of graphic writina. " THE CHAEGE. Our regiment was composed of three La'- talions. The second to ïatchtLeredoubt on the side of the gor?e, tk ote to W i L charge.it. I was iS the OML taS ™ On leaving the ground that had covered us we were greeted bysome volleysrf^Set^ which did a good dil of dam^ TL o£ ihe ballets took me aback. I kept turning my head, and my comrades, accustomed to the eoand, laughed at me gaily. "After all," I thought, "a batt!e is nothing so very dreadfoL ' - ° WeprKsed on at the double, shirp-Aooteia in advance ; suddenly the Russians gave three distinct cheers, and then waited holding their fire. "I don't like their silence," said tain; "itmeansnogcotL" I thought our own men were a- no^y, and could cot but contrast their clamour with tie imposing silence of the _ enemy _ We rcached the ie foot of ' the redoubt, ' - ' whiie ! our fire Lai br, jken the palisades, and cut up ^ .. F^TU J 1 , • . 1 , - to bave thou ted EO loud. shouted so Ion: I chanced to look cp, and I shaU never | forget the sight I f aw. | Most of the smoke had lifted, and hung like ^ a canopy about twenty feet above the redoubt 1 Across a thin blue vapour jon saw, behind ; their half- ruined parapet, the Bussian Grena- | diers, their muskets shouldered, motionless as ! ^I^think I see them yet ; each soldier j vritii his left eye on us, his right' hidden bv a ! musket, In an embrasure, same feet from tts a man with, tii a lighted maKh.*to*i- Jhe»!» ^ gun. I shuddered, thinking my last hour had come. " The dance is beginning, crisd my captain. Goad-night- ! " It WAS his last good night j The drums beat in the redoubt Ail the ! muskets cime to the level. I shut my eyes and ; E heard a terrible roar and crash, foibwed by cries and groans. Then I opened my eyes ï araaied to find myself alive. The redoubt w.,s i llmd w«h smoke. Dead and wounded men lay • all around me. My captain was stretched at i mj feet, his head blown to pieîes by a ball. I . was covered with - his brains and lilnmî blood. Of J all my company, tbere stood but six men beside myself. After this carnage came a moment oE stnpon The colonel put his cap on the poiMof his fc™rd, and was tlie first man over the parapet, shouting • I t«e rEmpereur " All the survivors followed him. I scarcely remember wlat happened next We got into the redoubt, I don't know how. Hand to hand we fought in a blinding smoke. I believe I kept striking for my sword was all bloody. a " Victory !" r heard at last The emoke thinned a^ay ; I saw dead men and blosd all over the redoubt The guns especially were c littered with corpses. About two hundred s soldiers, in the French uniform were eliiMmed anyhow, here and there, some loading their pieces, some wiping their bayonets. With them were eleven Russian prisoners. The Colonel was 'ying in his blood beside a broken ammunition box. £ome soldiers gathered round him', eagerly:, ^jome&'tiKHu " Where »s the senior captain * he asked a sergeant The sergeant merely shrugged his shoulders. " The senior lieutenant, then ? " "This gentleman who joined yesterdayssaid a the sergeant, stoically." V s m - : îT 1 -", The colonel smiled a bitter smile. * " Come, sir," said he ; " take the command. c Furtify the goige of the redoubt with those waggons, for the enemy is ia force ; but General a G : wiil support yon." r "ColoueV'said I, " you are badly wounded." a "Done for, my i>ov; but we .have the redoubt. b " " -, j ; • w w j • i occur to readers familiar with transatlantic w by theauthorof ' Margaret Kent," consists of , fairly good of their kind, *"* 1 set by tbe 'made Veil com ling that Oar ^ Talet in tiowd. -, ificahon m cornslonOST^The talés esuey's Operatic iy be fiirly ques- j ^ any novelty or invention on the part of the compiler. They aie simply the plots of our more popular operas giren in a brief and readable form. Opera goers will be quick to recognise their value as a help to the full enjoyment of the performance. For the rest, that large class of reidets who pride themselves oil being in possession of most of the facts " that everybody ought to know" have an exceptionally good opportunity offend them of fillip up possible chinks in this ; department of -their miscellaneous education. Twenty-three of the Lest known operas are included in the collection. A CERIOCS controversy has arisen over the article for which Lsigh Hunt suffered two jears* imprisonment. It commenced by Mr. Gosse publicly attributing the article to Lamb, and the statement is seemingly in flat contradiction to Hunt's own words in his " Autobiography." Mr- Lamb's latest bioiraphr, calls for -proof, and it is to be hoped that the question sooa ^ final's - set at rest, for Lamb's moral reputation is sure to suffer unless thé charge be refuted. 