? ? PakcH. The next morning I woke up to find the hot summer snn intjcffihe room through a craclt in the cretonne curtains, and saw that BobjSJad" Jack were already up, though Chame stall lay snoring on ^/NkKW^jtmd. Looking at my watrcb "fend Seeing it was nearly seven, Ijump^l jnp and -was soon dressed, &na; WKftsideji looking for the boys. who where nowhere to be seen. Pre^K^ft^fe^waver, I heard the classic refrain of " killaloo" shouted at t^ toj^of Jack's lusty voice, and guided by the sound found hiin hard at work milking in. _thfi cowyard, with Bob helping him. " So you're up at last are you,' " where s that other lazy beggar, snor ing yet 111 be bound. I tell what it is he went on " FIl drag him out one ofTjfcese"|tiort%gs^befoite te'smwgl 3U0 idrtfpl h&nfint;^ie¥reek,i^ if. don't." " You'll do wonders, won't you V said Bob^ -pfou'd just v better look after yourwork apd talk You're spilling half tuat milk into your boot." " Sow do you think he spends these hot days ?" continued Jack, tipping his bucket /Straight, bnt otherwise unmi ndfolW'the^ interinption. " I haven't the ghost of an idea," I answered. "Why he gqes down to the creek and jse^tles- himself«on a log, thatis within a couple of feet of the water, and there he sits, reading all day, with his feet in the creek. Luckily spite so if I want him to move I've only to call out there's one travelling towards the creek as fast as it can go, and up he comes puffing and blowing with his boots in one hand, his book in the other, and his hat nicely balanced on his hair, which generally stands on end from fright. " He hasn't far to run, which he should be thankful for as it is uphill." I remarked " he must be pnetty good-tempered to stand your nonsense\as lie does, though !" "So lie is," exclaimed Bob, "the best-tempered fellow alive. If Jack played half the tricks on me, that he does on him, I should give hiin a good ducking, but he knows better than to try them on me." " True, age must be respected," replied J&ck; with a sedate shake of his head. To cut these brotherly confidences short I walked over to an opening in the shed which served as a door, and from which one had a splendid view of the fiats. Within three chains of the house was the creek, which they told one was never known to run dry. Its banks were 'lined with wattle trees, some pretty large, but just about the house it was clear of all other vegetation, though about a mile higher up it flowed through a thick belt of scrub extending for many miles, indeed to the foot of a distant range. Among this scrub Jack told me we should get plenty of game, and added that they often got kangaroos, and sometimes, but, rarely, a deer. " Is that the Yarra down there across the flats, where the wattle trees are ?" I asked, as Bob passed me on his way to the dairy with a bucket of milk. "Yes, that's the Yarra," he said, pausing a moment, " we must have a fishing excursion to it before you go home, we sometimes catch some goodsized fish in it." " Sometimes and more often we don't catch anything, why don't you add ?" said Jack coming up behind us. " You know very well that the Yarra's a swindle." " Come, Jack, don't libel " our river," remonstrated Bob, " go up and see after the breakfast and I'll take your milk to the dairy. I went with liiin to the dairy, which was near to the house and built of slabs with a bark roof and wide fireplace and stone floor, and stood by while he strained and set the morning's milk, and watched with some interest the operation of skimming the preceding day's and helped him to put it in the churn, for they churn twice a week, and in consequence make splendid butter, which is in great demand. He promised after breakfast to teach me the art of churning, but as the day .was already warm, 1 was perhaps;not so grateful as I might have been if the offer had been made in cooler weather. On returning to the hut, we found Jack leisurely laying the table, while Charlie was frying ham an/eggs at the open air fireplace. As we passed him he triumphantly exclaimed, " I am improving with my cooking! I've only, set the pan on fire three times this morning j but yesterday I had to blow it out with the bellows six tames run-; ning'" . . ! >-t*'l!|j:i;i Hi. j Heartily congratulating him on his' improvement, and telling him to hurryi up, we passed in and dispatched Jack; to make the tea. He soon returned! with-it, followed by Charlie, whose' face ^vas ^like' tlhe risSngsun, the effect ot his exertions in the heat, bearing a; large dish'of smoking ham land eggs, to' winch we did full justice. j After breakfast Bob suggested to! me the propriety "of coming to the; daily and getting the promised lessons in churning, but jl/ tried to get off bysaying I felt nervous, and would postwoulan t do, however, and he walked: me off to the daily, .tilling Charlie to* follow as he stall required a few lessons to perfect him in the art, and make him a credit to-the-place. This hint,' however, Charlie was too "fly" to' obey; doubtless he had previous ex-! to liave anything more to do witih itj for he didn't <me near us, so Bob and I had it al^ tOju^lwdpOtfut the butteij coming pretty quickly we had finished in twenty minutes, leaving it in water till ifc\w|Sg foolef.-^Tbe rpst^of the morning we spent in various ways] Part I spent with Charlie on his perch in the creek, each of us having a book! It was- , a pretty, cool place, covered with a higher an§3tfeax>tb lean against* he made the most fearful noise with"/ jumping<abdbt Jon the'ibank rattling it as nteht'fe&'he could to us, and nearly deafening us. "In one of the" lulls of the storm ^asfe&iim;'HS&at; ! 6n earth lie was about, and inquired if he had ^d^nly^one^m^an^ii'eWqmrgditf his tarn if we ^d |ipt. Jjmffw; t^e sound of a respectable dinner 'when we heard it.i n-, m,; ujQ oj ^aft. . "OhI if that's all your driving at," swd Oharlie, Hfliafie'113 I£6me, ;/so don^ trouble tb-cufany in'org tepees r bn<tl| at bank, you might fall iri ybtf know." So we followed~lIim up, and after dinttter ; Efeayed abont 1 in t&fe;'Eliade : t;ill it got cooler, andi then Jack suggested we should takesbur: guns tand try -and get -some game. " ¥ou woii't get much in the way'of I Seaiaiemi cbeatuife," he said, " for Charliebas blown the heads off everj^ tomtit-for miles- : around, but you ; mi^it get a wdllaby - br ksingaroo in 1 that titelt of jB^ub'ttp" the cifeek^" , .We, started off,"therefore, and lafter we .had been; out ifor'about bklf- an-hour Charlie brought down ia hare we stirred out of some' "ferns, ifenl .wi^ot-nothing more, and soon turned homewards, arriving there abouTfseven o'clock, and related our "experiences during tea, which was ready when we got back, I happened to ask Bob if he thought it probable I should 'see any deer while I stayed, but he. said it was : hardly likely, as they seldom came near enough for a shot in the .daytime, but I inight see them of ; a moonlight- night or early in the morning if I cared to get up. There was no moon, so I said I would get up if he or Jack would call i&e; early "enough, and Charlie said he would like to come too\ so it was agreed that we should be cklled about half-past tliree the next morning, which was Saturday.. . _ / , We ended up' the evening as the previous one with a game of euchre, this time Charlie and. Jack beating us by two games, though not by so many points as we had beaten them; and at half-past nine turned in, for 'we knew if we were to go in for early rising we should have to go to bed early too • so making' Bob promise to call us early, we were soon asleep in spite of mosquitoes, which were more bloodthirsty than ever. In the grey dawn of the next morning I was rudely awakened by having my pillow ierked from under my head and hearing a voice bidding me get up if I wished to bag a deer. I opened my eyes and perceived Charlie standing in the middle of the floor, shivering and slowly dressing himself. I would like to have given up all idea of the shooting excursion and have gone peacefully to sleep, but I' knew it; was no use thinking of such a thing with Jack any way near, so I turned; out and dressed, and after getting our rifles and ammunition, we opened the back door, and then saw it had been raining in the night. Still we didn't like to give it up and let them laugh at us, so off we set and got on pretty well till we reached the belt of scrub we had explored the evening before, but here it was dreadfully wet, not only underfoot, but the scrub- itself was wet through and showered rain drops down on us as we went through it. We marched along for some time, but shot nothing, thougli we started another wallaby and two hares. After we had been out about an hour Charlie said it was no use going any farther, that he should go home. " I believe those two villains knew it had been raining," he continued crossly, "and that's what made them in such a hurry to turn us out.- Anyway, I'm going back, and you'd better come too; you won't see a deer if you stay here for ia week." (TO BE CONTINUED.) When is a blow from a lady welcome ? When she strikes you agreeably. A Rochester cat gets drunk on beer. That proves that beer will intox-a-cat. A rich man in Portland, Ohio, got drunk the other day and bought 36 coffins for himself, leaving only about 10 more in the town. Travis: "I tell you, old fellow, I struck a mighty soft thing to-day." Chrones: " What was it?" Travis -."Poseboy's head. He insulted me." " What becomes of old moons, papa ?" asked the inquiring child. " The old moons, my son?" answered the parent. " Why. they die of newmonia, to be sure." . From a pretty woman's album:—"A.- stupid man compliments a woman upon her pretty teeth,, but a clever' ones makes her laugh." Xhe new .Earl of Carlisle is a strong tee to taller, and so is Lady Carlisle. Since he has. bad the management-of the estates as one of the trustees "he has closed all the public houses on jfcfae property. The cellar at. Castle Howard contained some of the best"tomebrewed ale in England, and the brew houses were famous everywhere, but : they 'have been entirely destroyed. and , the vats emptied. 