1Rovcdlit. GWENDOLINE. CRAY. A Tale of tho Footlights. OIIAPTER V.-(Continued.) One tiling had hurt him sorely. lie had received the small, timid note from Gwen. doline according to her promise, and hq had answered it by a passionate epistle, in which he implored her to write to him often, and above all to reconsider her de. termination.to enforce tile three years' separation. To this he had received no answer; and, though he had written over and over again to addresses which he had hoped and be. lieved would find her, sometimes reproach. fully, at others -pleading passionately for just one letter, he had never received a single line from her. Certainly he could have discovered her, have seen her if he had liked, but he had promised to keep away from her for three years, and he felt bound in honor to keep away in spite of all, However, he did not doubt her truth in spite of this inexplicable silence. She had 'told him that it would be best to part, and she was doing heb beat to rmakethe separa. tion final, not because she did not loev him, that he knew, but from a mistaken feeling of pride or duty, which galled him unbpeakably when he thought of it, even though lie could not help respecting tue motive which prompted it. But he was tree to seek her now, and it was with commingled hope, happiness and disappointment that he set sail for America the very day on which the time of his pro. bation expired. Htope and happiness sang loudly to him of a bright future with the woman he loved; but disappmiintment crept in and somewhat marred his happiness in spite of IlLsatl f. Why had she gone to America? Why had she endeavored to make famous the name that was as dear to him as his ow n? Not that lihe himself loved her less because of her profeasion, but he knew-how could he help knowinlg?-the estimate in, which his world held hers, and he hoped that she would have remained in obscurity un. til he had come to claim. her *for his own. Still, he was very ready to belleve'tbah her priesent notoriety was not altogether of her own seeking, and with a, firm will he fchased away the unworthy thoughts that would creep up now in?il then 'despite his strongest efforts. At first, upon reaching Now York, who re liwendoliln was performing , he had do. telmined to enquire at the theatre for her address, and, upon discovering her, boldly claimn her in the very teeth of any one who felt they had a right to be consulted in the matter. But a great longing came over him to see her first as the world saw her nightly-to judge for hinself whether the years had brought ainy change to her. Tihe thought no stoner entered his head thian it was acted upon promptly, and the evening of his lirst. lay in Now York found him seated in a box close to the stage, wait ing for the appearance of the star of the night, thle girl whom he hoped soon to call his wife. How tumultuously his heart beat as hie waited I ' How almost painful was the ex pectancy that thrilled through every liblo of his being I He would see her in a few minutes- she whom he had parted from .three-years ago, she who was present in his thoughts ever since. "My little love I" he murmured to him. self dreamily, the soft cadence of a mnogni licent waltz played by the orchestra foroom ing a kind of half sand, half joyous accoa paniment to his thoughts ; " 1 shall see her again, and this time there will be no parting, she will not send me from her again. Yet even as he murmured softly to him. self, there flashed athwart his heart a sudden thrill of fear or dread as unnaccount able as it wan saddening. lie tried to fling It off, laughing almoest at his own weakness, but the feeling deepened in spite of himself, and when the bursnt of applause that broke spontaneously from the iudiencee told hiea that she was before him, a mist swaim be. fore his eyes, and for it few seconds hlie could see nothing; but the clear, ringing voice of Gwendoline herself roused him from the lethargy which had crept over him. And once more he looked upon the face of Ulwundoline Cray, but he could scarcely realise that toe beautiful gifted woman be fore him was the same slender girl who had who sworn to be true to him. To him she had always been beautiful, More beautiful than any other woman would be again in his eyes, but it was with a beauty that attracted most by its unobtru. slveness that Owendol inn had been beauti. ful in those days,, Now she was strikingly, peerlessly beau. tiful, alut looking at her, listening to her, drawn, as it were, by the subtle witchery of her genius, Egburt feltthe dread grasp at his hleart again with iron force, lie had not dreamed of her possessing powers like these. Would her love for him be strong enough to allow of her givinh up this life of tlae and gratilied ambitioni Would she sacrifice tee brilliant career which was evidently before her for love of him, the love of early girlhood I lesides, hinted demlon, jealousy, allong the imany who have buell at hier feet are inow, Inght there not have boun one who was butter fitted for winning her love than he was h And the fear and dread grow deeper and deeper witiI almost every word that fell froml Clwendolinu's lips; i and when the cur tain fell upon tile first act, he groped his way almost b.ndly fromi the box to the corridor, feeling that if he sat longer light. lug with the daik fulebodilg tihat uppreesed him so stranlgely lie sllould go illln, sulo-. cate, die I " Why, V'lerle, old fellow, is it you really it the Ilesll, or is it your ghost I'sauid a cheery voice il his ear, as he stood still for a InUmllent to recover hihself. lfgbert stluaed iid turneid roundi sharply, to see the familiar fiori mani lfae Iof Ulertle Stanley, hIl old friend andi close col leigue,. " Well, to le sure," sahl Ilortle, after wringinlg I ugberl't illnd ht' artily; " who yII Il ill till holueri, o Ili a htne., wellreu ulu y hue gollig o IIIIIjU) .iiit itel wi w" I I alll niii oe," a i ieli ld I'gheilt with a sunle ; " tand 1 hIalve juslt lull, ely box hr a Nllr iiii thue ill'uidol , l ul v lhe I l hehnt ma ?ieiii it ' ii ht? t llhl? il, lp i'll, l e i llllel, m'u yli " illi i ill iy he ilrt," Wuhl hi f friend, Iiii the llnxL 11111111n 11 two wereIiiU ? clyet ' In ihe box which l'?ghlut hoIu' re cently vanctt ed. Noi HItIIIl' r wtle thIey H11 tidt g i' all Mrii . lLl iey e lol vtned to lixpathI It;in gliwing h*nl IiIi I'IIliI th i in t lulll vu~ uvltll l II ll tu. :[o[IIii+ Utly; U d l+ ghet~ll, Wll tt Inted H thI gh vIw I rll II iiiy IiIt vl i ii le lhl, ll lh IIi, hu o llI'ely v ?oi ( 111,' gilli shed ,v liernlt of thel. o W h IIIl m whllll le cci lltl id llu khg i lIe " nlvcly wo l lan " ahihl Mr, Ntnllenhy, en. thuntantIml l y I "min d , uite Iaglenhltl, NIl : fe w fub t oiv i t h t hglt it if her lhlt ytnle Egbt, Woul (lly 11IIW I\le em ,'I i HIurlld I 1Rly lh, tthl n t11 h iehlvt? When II "l t saw her lrolle that she touhld hi tht liteIU JLoh lll , Nlie litle, tinLJ lg sil o wn s tilen , ll L e ., anlyolf; 1 ntlUL ownl i ilause da w s, 1hlt you, Euburt, od miniI II I Iumbur rightly, seemed rather touched in that quarter. But who would have dreamed that she would have blossomed into such a magnificent creature as site has? Quite a beauty I All the men are raving about her here, I can toll you." Egbert put up his hand as though to ward off a blow, and tlhe face ho turned to his friend was so ghastly white that even short.sighted, blundering tBletle Stanley could not help noticing that something was amiss. "' Why, what is the matter, Valeri? ? Are you Ill ?" he said, in very alarmed tones. Egbert muttered something about the heat, and to his unmitigated relief, the risiug of. the curtain put aot end for the nonce to the lively chatter of his friend. But not for long. A lively little dance was now taking place upon the stage, and under cover of the light, tripping nmusic, Mr. Stanley commenced to rattle on again. " Wonuder whlere that awfully flie woman her sother is," he whispered. " I used to admire her tremendously three years ago, but of course she could not hold a candle to her daughter now. I'm awfully hard hit myself, I can tell you. But it's no use. uhe's colder than ice and harder than adalmant. " But I say, old man, if you would like to go behind the scenes and renew your anc. qluaintancu with her, I can take you there. I anew the managel of tiis company when he was i. England,aundl, aihm I n lotrLnm quite a prime favorite with him. Will you come presoently ?" "I should like it of all thlngs," returned Egbert, shading his face with one hand so that the expression of his faeu might nut be seon. " \Well, wait till this act is over," said his friend, "and then, hey for the green room. "Do you know, old boy, I was bound for there ovwhen I net you f I'm often there, you know. OCn't make an impression upon the diva herself, so I patroslse her husband," "'Her husband I" came in a hoarse gasp from Iagbhrt's white lips. *' esltosaiter ;. used to be manager at St. John's. You recollect him, don't you ?" Egburt bowedl his head, but did not look u :Yull, hbeis her husband. Not a badsort of fellow either, by the way. But, good lHeavens Valerie, how ghostly pale you tookL Don't you think you had better come out. aide for a spell: Shokiungly ventilated this place. the heat is simply suffocating." " 1Mush I" said Egbort, with an effort, " I am all right, but as you say, the heat is rather oppresasive," and with acalmness that astonished himself ise turded towards the stage, where Gwendoline once more stood befuoe tise admiring audience. Owendoline, but no smore hils wendoline. She was talse, false as she was beautiful; and with a sudden passion that almost mastered hint, he lunged to leap down upon the stage and upbraind her for her trencherlly. What the scene was that was being en. acted before him he could never afterwards MIA! AkACIA. remember, li lieriarl nothing, saw nothling, bit tile voice andl fiorm of the waenan who lad deceived him, whoi hisd soit himt fromi her in Ihypocritical sorrow fromt a Iretendled sense of duty, but whlo lhaid doubtless many times since laughed at bisl besotted folly ansd weakness. Yet dtyplte all the mad pasnslon that surged through lis Velss, as hIs ralf.dazed brain tried to gasp at tile truthll, tle face of Uwendtellne, not asshie was ntow, but ase Ie had lost seen it, weu llan tear.stained, rose before himu witth tnltu reproach int tlt dark sail eyes. Thie gorgeous scene beflore him faded, and hie was once more at the old trysting place at St.Jol 'sa , living overngoin the one love.dlretm of his life. The appllauso whichl followed tlse dropping of tle crtainl rousied hin, casd with a terrible effort ihe once more atteesptod to regaln his fIaculties allicienatly to answer liertle itanley's rather distracting quoestioois antl remtarks. " iiall we go behlind now for s linutlo or two i" saltid Mr. Stanley, hlidilng tllhat his friendl's voseablary wse reducedl to lsooo. syllables. "tf ys Illke," returned IEglert calmly, rising 01 he spoke, but never unce rlaising lit henvy eyes, for fear that the awful ldeeltir in them mighlilt be read by Isi well.meaning, but Inqtisitsve frietd. It less tllhsl tell inllteis tie tivo hadl liassed throughI tgl mystic dotor wlclh dIidesle thle suditoriumi fromu tile plrecincts of tlustigee. liku a siniii watlkiig its his sleep Elqbirt Valeriu welit throughl the fortm if introdhc. tio to the Itsllalnger, who hIoII, fositunssssely for hiuii, lut selratl ilt to ii rll,0 A0 l wu hurry siind C.IoIItios?I sell itd thlt setnsr. Irtise stuntg carie isv teld itlliedl theIr snI. ordinl tes, aloll I c nlln llltel ne o e lluHlli fternl growled vit'isonsly' Itl eilh ilthler io slight sitsliohil wree Iae lU uver I d iii ll( o wI lil bhIntdf IhnII'I Is ti o Is l in everrybusoy's wltyt Stutllll Is IsIV y f ' iru ls f n e lle is e nIIIII WIhl wtele i lls h x ti HuIx s t flrlm It IllCeI oeis ulingliisgniiiiisiiitttlitI sssii'luitt it they writs, tdI~lll.llll, l lll: llluL lllltcll 1ItS |1lltly WellllII lust whoi, it the truer tnt iosslelsti Welwt on. riLsers! I lllt t elil ll t i s Ill lts lig (o tll xtratii thatt wUs lsiissoisit sldeslll?ti it thotos clls ig'eld i In lhiir viclnilty. i iiih ill i, II s v inll' ul i th ue InsliUlllstsn er ill lhilelfUl UeCen'ltsl threa+Itene'lld inllt'Pl o elllnlrillltllI Insigli s esu s'l s iqsslly iIs i sh'I t ihts littlie bllt of iiie'ihisg i sI iiblood.wv I el, UItsl lhe thhsi, iisllllll iv' i.Isl iiln hki l tl~l ie Islhly daI nted sIIIh iiitni'iit Itgs. ' W ith the nusr vellsuss i ssirtilsh fhilt y whlish snute lut is hilleitI s ell siest hily of ssi s's ex i or'l h'l lt'is with us' l l tl slllen sll* inll t, thssll ll vuil'sis' ,I1. u h Issl t' I n rII iihid I i Woklll lng L shlr OWi' swies will, lllllmst dlli tl'll lg iYveistyoeIII iseile I?y their nlo hlhe Ikl lll (lllnitl olll, l':5lseCt V\'l'ohl, sider t Usver is sill line Ili lnt'iosIt, e trllllurV i ' s v HIIs Wwsy Iflnlt hI lhnd, and i's tyhig a Iiulat, dhslilyt csnt'r sIat theI sse I stllsl' ullty li ti sueI nsUIIIsil Lisnrlif thL ellre osi u box haut hIsd Isooni luft sby oii iL thel lifopertyolmen. t-?s'taunly is siun!ldo r islinssat b i bh ls slits, opUnLuds i?ll hie cavsed ItUhanllntlall)y Ut of the way of the lady who emesged there. from and turned in the directionot the green room. A low cry from the newcomer made him turn hastily, and with a cold, hard feeling,,pt his heart, though his brain seumedc almost bursting, he ad vanced to greet Gwendoline, who shrank bnok, white and trembling, as he approached. 1Her agitation almost frenzied Egbert. She could feel, then, this treacherous, false woman, who had promised to be true to him. " Do not let me startleyou, Mrs. ltossiter," he sanid, with a colt sneer. ' You did not ex pect to sete me, I presume." Gwendollne's hpi moved, but no words came, and she stood still and wlite, gazing at him with wild startled eyes. " And yet," went on Egbest, in a hard, mnetallic voice, " the three years from which time you banished me from your presence have passed away-the three years which were to he a test to our love-tihe three years' probation which you yourself deter mined upon, and would not be moved in decision. Well, it is over, and I have coume for my answer. And you, you who swore to be true to me until that time habud expired, what have you to say to me to.night 1" A hot flush( swept across Gwendolino's pale, beautiful face, and looking up to him with proud unquaillng eyes, though they were duer, with angug), she ais uIn a voice which 'he vainly atrove to render calm "How dare you ask me that quentiont How dare you seek me at sill s1y what right do you upbraid me for want of faithl, wlten you yourself have been no utterly false 1" "I Gwendoline, Il" replied Egbert, the passion dying out of his face and leaving It strangely wan and ghastly. " 1 have never once iatled in my allegiance to you. I was mad enough to believe that you loved me. I came here to.nightfull of hope toclaim the fulfilment of the promise you made to me three years ago, and-and-Oh God I 1 fnd you married to another." A look of awful despair and horror cro?it over Owendoline's fce. "And you," she moaned hoarsely, "you were married twelve months ago. Why in the name of Heaven do you conic here to torture me like this I You who-" S'Are you mad, Gwendolinol" 'gnaped Egburt. Something in his face 'told her the truth. "CGod forgive me," she said, ramiing Ier wretched faue-to his..?' I was told so, and I believed it.' " ut who? What fiend incarnate could have fabricated so base a lieb" came from Egbert'st white, stern lips, as lie looked down with anguished eyes at the stricken girl be. fore him. "And oil, Gwendoline, how could you-how could you believe it 1" Gwendoline did not answer, but there was a Ilook of suchl dreary misery, such unutter able despair in her face and attitudte that a furlous, passionate anger filled him with a renewed passion. "WVlo was it, (v wendoline l" he said, grasping her slender wrist almost con. vulasvely, "Tell me the name of the peur. jured wrotch who has caused this unutterable wrong." " Hushl" she moaned," it was my mother, Hleaven forgive her "' " Curse her, curse her I" broke in low, concentrated tones from Egbert's shaking lips. '" What had I ever done to her that she should blast my life's happiness in this ruth. less manner?" The band struck cp the overture at this momnent, a brilliant march, that fell mock. Ingly, discordlnntly upon the ears of the un. happy pair who stood facing each other in such bitter despair. SWher Is bliss Oray 1" said a voice not far from them. Olwendolino started. " I must go now," she said, raising her unhappy face to hils "let us say farewell here; It has all beet a miserable, heart.breaking mislako. Forgive me and forgot men." " And is this ail that is left to us 1" cried lEgbert, hoarsely, barring her path as she would have moved past himn, " All, all 1" she walled, wildly. "lleaven help us both I" The nusic changed now to t low, rnolurn. fill mier,?ve, that fell andly, soleamly, even upoin thile ears of thile amlleess nd the haplpy, but to these two who sbood beside tile grave of their dead hopes, it sounlded as It knell, it knell to departed happlinu?ss to blasted love. W\\\ithout anothller glanceil at gurt, (I wen0. dolimi took ier plance In the wing where sihe was it, await her coue while l, ghert \'alerie, i iIt fire at Ils heart, and IIItI ness in Ilts brain, stod to to the opposite side of the stllge, Harcely coglialllst of llis own acli ons. Anotlher molL enot ius was "one 1ii010 il his box, wile a iiult of appiliso told himlU that (iwnolhlll wa WOb tile t stilgo again. 