Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP. A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c.;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXXI.--THE DUTCH SAILORS BOARD THE WRECK. "Get the boat over," cried Vanderdecken, turning to Van Vogelaar, "and go and inspect the wreck. Look to the man first. Heer Fenton declares him dead; and particularly ob- serve if there be aught that hath life in it aboard." On this Van Vogelaar went forward, calling about him. In a few minutes a white-faced seaman, with yellow beard trembling to the wind, and his eyes looking like a rat's with the white lashes and pink retinas, leisurely climbed aloft with a line in his hand, and swinging himself on to the mainyard, slided out upon the horses to the extremity, or yardarm as it is termed, which he bestrode as a jockey a steed, and then hauled up the line, to the end of which was hitched a tackle. This tackle he made fast to the yardarm, and by it, with the help of steadying-ropes or guys, some of the crew on deck hoisted the little boat out of the bigger one, and lowered it away into the water alongside. I watched this business with a sailor's in- terest, wondering that so great a ship as this —great, that is, for the age to which she be- longed— should carry no more than two boats, stowed one in the other after the fashion of the north country coastmen. Nor was I less im- pressed by the aged appearance of the boat when she was afloat. She had the look of a slug with her horns, only that those continua- tions of her gunwale rail projected abaft as well as from the bows. And when Van Vogelaar and three of the crew entered her, then, what with the faded red of her inner skin, the wide, red blades of the short oars, the soulless movements of the sea- men; the hue of their faces, the feverish un- natural, shining of their eyes like sunshine showing through a cairngorm stone, their dried, and corded hands, which wrapped the handles of their oars like rugged parchment — the little but marvellous picture acted as by the waving of a magie wand, forcing time back by a century and a half and driving shudders through the frame of a beholder with a sight whose actuality made it a hundred-fold more startling and tearful than had it been a vision as unsub- stantial as the Death Ship herself is mistakenly supposed to be. The wreck being within hailing distance, the boat was soon alongside her. The heavy roiling of the hull and the sharp rise and fall of the boat, would have made any human sailor mightily wary in his boarding of the vessel; but if ever there was an endevilled wretch among the phantom's crew, Van Vogelaar was he. The fiend in him stayed at nothing. The instant the boat had closed the wreck the fellow leaped, and he was on deck and walking to- wards the figure at the wheel, whilst the others —that is to say, two of them — were waiting for the hull to swing down for them to follow. The mate went up to the figure, and seemed to address him; then, receiving no reply, he felt his face, touched his hands, and pulled to get that amazing grip relaxed, but to no pur- pose. The others now joining him, they all stared into the figure's face; one lifting an eyelid and peering into the eye, another putting his ear to the figure's mouth. Van Vogelaar then came to the side, and shouted in his harsh and rusty voice, that it was a dead man. Van- derdecken imperiously waved his hand, and cried, "Fall to exploring her!" and motioned significantly to the sky, as if he would have the mate misgive the weather, though there was no change in the aspect of the pearly wreaths and glistening beds of vapour, and the draught was still a gentle breeze. "Dead!" I whispered to Imogene; "yet I feared it." I noticed Vanderdecken looking at the body. There was deep thought in his im- perious, menacing expression, with a shadow of misery that his fierce and glittering eyes did not appear to coarsen and harshen the gloom of; and I wondered to myself if ever moments came when perception of his condition was permitted to him, for it truly appeared as though there were a hint of some such thing in him now whilst he gazed at the convulsive figure at the wheel — as if, Jesus have mercy upon him — the sight of the dead filled his own deadly flesh with poignant and enraging yearn- ings, the meanings of which his unholy vitality was unable to interpret. When Van Vogelaar had spent about half an hour on the wreck, he and the others dropped over the side into the boat and made for us. We had scarce shifted our position, for the courses being hauled up and the topgallant sails lowered, there was too little sail abroad for the weak wind then blowing to give us drift, and the swell that drove us towards the wreck would also drive the wreck from us. The mate came over the side, and stepping up to the captain, said, "She is an English ship, freighted with English manufacture; I make out bales of blankets, clothing, and stores, which I imagine have been designed for troops." "What water is in her?" "Seven and a quarter feet by her own rod." "Her pump?" "She hath two— both shattered and useless." "Does she continue to fill?" "I believe not, sir; I would not swear it; she rolls briskly, but," he said, sending his evil glance at the wreck, "it does not appear that she is sunk deeper since we first made her out." "Yonder figure at the wheel is dead, you say." "As truly dead a Britain as ever fell to a Dutchman's broadside." I exchanged a swift look with Imogene. "His eyes are glassy; his fingers clasp the spokes like hooks of steel. He must have died on a sudden — perhaps from lightning, from disease of some inward organ, or from fear." And there was the malice of the devil in the sneer that curled his ugly mouth as he spoke, taking me in with a roll of his sinister eyes. I watched him coldly. Remonstrance or temper would have been as idle with this man and his mates as pity to that unreeking heart of oak out there. "What is to be come at?" demanded Vander- decken, with passionate abruptness. The other answered quickly, holding up one forefinger after another in a computative tally- ing way whilst he spoke, "The half-deck is free of water, and there I find flour, vinegar, treacle, tierces of beef, some barrels of pork, and five cases of this — which hath the smell of tobacco, and is no doubt that plant." And he pulled out of his pocket a stick of tobacco, such as is taken in cases to sea to be sold to the crews. Vanderdecken smelt it. "'Tis undeniably tobacco," said he, "but how used?" His eye met mine; I took the hint, and said: "To be chewed, it is bitten; to be smoked, it has to be flaked with a knife — thus, mynheer." And I imitated the action of cutting it. Some of the crew had collected on the quarter- deck to hear the mate's report, and seeing the tobacco in the captain's hand, and observing my gestures, one of them cried out that if it was like the tobacco the Englishman had shown them how to use, 'twas rare smoking! Whether Vander- decken had heard of my visit to the forecastle I do not know. He seemed not to hear the sailors exclamation, saying to me, "Yes, mynheer, I see the convenience of such tablets; they hold much and are easily flaked." And then, sweeping the sea and skies with his eyes, he cried: "Get the other boat over. Take a working party in her and leave them aboard to break out the cargo. The smaller boat will tow her to and fro. Arents, you will have charge of the working party — you, Van Voge- laar, will bring off the goods and superintend the transhipments. Away, now! There is stuff enough there to fill the hollowest cheek with, and to sweeten the howl of a gale into melody. Away, then!" There was excitement in his words, but none in his rich and thunderous voice, nor in his manner; and though there seemed a sort of bustle in the way the men went to work to hoist out the large boat, it was the very ghost of hurry, as unlike the hearty leaping of sailors fired with expectation, as are the twitchings of electrified muscles, to the motions of hale limbs controlled by healthy intellect. Yet, to a mariner, what could surpass the in- terest of such a scene? As I leaned against the bulwark with Imogene, watching the little boat towing the big one over the swell, with now a lifting that put the leaning, toiling figures of the rowers clear against the delicate, vaporous film over the sky at the horizon, the red-blades of the oars glistening like rubies as they flashed out of the water, and the white heads of the little surges which wrinkled the liquid folds, melting all about the boats into creaming silver, radiant with salt rainbows and prismatic glories; and now a sinking that plunged them out of sight in a hollow passed the round, dark-blue back, off whose slant our ancient fabric had just now rolled. I said to my dear one, "Here is a sight I would not have missed for a quintal of the silver below, I am actually witnessing the manner in which this doomed vessel feeds and clothes herself, and how her crew replenish her stores and provide against decay and dimi- nution. What man would credit this thing? Who would believe that the curse which pro- nounced this ship imperishable should also hold her upon the verge of what is natural, sentencing her to a hideous immortality, and at the same time compelling the crew to labour as if her and their lifes was the same as that of other crews, in other ships." "If they knew their doom, they would not toil," she answered; "they would seek death by famine or thirst, or end their horrible lot by sinking the ship and drowning with her." "How far away from the dread reality is the world's imagination of this ship and the situation of her people!" cried I. "She has been pictured as rising out of the waves, as sailing among the clouds, as being perpetually attended by heavy black storms, and thunder claps and blasts of lightning! Here is the reality — as sheer a piece of prose at first sight as any salvage job, but holding in the very heart of its simplicity so mighty, so compli- cated, so unparalleled a wonder, that even when I speak to you about it, Imogene, and sufferr my mind to dwell upon it, my mind grows dumb with a dread that reason has quitted her throne and left me fit only for a madhouse. "You tremble!" she whispered softly; "nay, you think too closely of what you are passing through. Let your knowledge that this experience is real rob it of its terror. Are we not surrounded with wonders which too much thought will make affrighting? That glorious sun; what feeds his flaming disc? Why should the moon shine like crystal when her soul perchance is like that of our own world, which also gleams as silver does though it is mere dust and mould and unreflecting ashes? Think of the miracles we are to our- selves and to one another!" She pressed my hand, and pleaded, reproved, and smiled upon me with her eyes. Was she some angelic spirit that had lighted by chance on this Death Ship, and held it company for very pity of the misery and hopelessness of the sailors' doom? But there was a human passion and tenderness in her face that would have been weakness in a glorified spirit. Oh, in- deed, she was flesh and blood as I was, with warm lips for kissing, and breasts of cream as a pillow for love, and golden hair too aromatic for phantasy! [to be continued to-morrow.] 