Karl Von Linden; OB, fll DROP IB DO BOB. CHAPTER XIIÍ.-(Continued.) The Lady Leonora and Lucille were together in the large chamber adjoining the western turret, and their faces beamed with joy and gratitude as our hero entered. He greeted them affectionately, and then introduced his companion. " Holy pilgrim," said the countess, as Allenwald took her extended hand, " our good Harold hath already acquainted me with your coming ; and I need not tell you how gladly I welcome one who has been a friend to my sainted husband." "Nor will I attempt to convey in words the satisfaction I feel in thus meeting the wife whom I know my old friend loved and honoured." Tears started to Leonora's eyes as she gazed up eagerly into the palmer's face. " O, sir, you know that my Ulric loved me-that he honoured me ?" " I know it, my lady." "Thank God!" " And," added the pilgrim devoutly, " may your occasions for thanks multiply and increase." When the countess had expressed her grateful acknowledgment, she presented her companion, Lady Lucille. " Your father, if I mistake not," said Allenwald, holding the maiden by the hand and gazing with undisguised admiration upon her beautiful features, " was the gallant Sir Otto of St. Rosenthal ?" " He was, sir. Did you_know him ?" " I knew him very well ; and I am glad to know his daughter. He was a good man, lady, and true God rest his soul !" Lucille uttered a fervent Amen ; and after this the palmer conducted the countess back to her chair, respectfully seating himself by her side; and ere long they were engaged in a close and earnest conversation. Sir Earl, meanwhile, had retired with Lucille to a distant oriel, where they made the best use possible of their time. There was no faltering, no hesitation, no by-play, in the wording of their love. Their hearts were true to the nobler instincts of the tender passion ; and while the knight held his fair companion as something pure and sacred which he was to shield and protect, she, in turn, reposed confidently upon his bosom, content to yield her all of life into his keeping. When love's fond story had been told and re- told, Lucille asked concerning the palmer. She was anxious to know who and what he was ; but Karl could only tell her that his name was Alien- wald ; that he had been engaged in the Crusade to ijhe Holy Land ; and 'that he had taken the pil- grim's robe and staff upon his return. " He is a puzzle to me, dear Lucille, as he is to you ; but I have the fullest confidence in his faith arid honor, and something whispered to me that ho is to help us." " 0, Karl ! we shall need help." " How now ?" said the knight, startled by the maiden's vehement manner. " I trust you have no new cause for alarm." " I Bhall have cause for constant alarm while I remain here with Sir Caspar for vay guardian." , '. Throw away your fears, ^ Lucille., Caspar will not dare to use force ; and snrely he can work you harm in no other way." "Ah, Karl! you do not yet know Caspar von Edenburg. I think there is nothing too wicked for him to do in the attainment of his purpose." Karl did not reply to this. He knew more, per- haps, of the lord of Edenburg than his companion thought ; and while he remembered what the baron had done towards himself, he could not fail to com- prehend what he might do towards the fair ward whose hand and possessions he coveted, should the mood seize him. " Ah, Karl ! your own fears are not at rest." " It is not fear, Lucille. I was thinking what Caspar could do, should he meditate the very worst." . s " And what was the result of your thoughts ?" "I think he «an do nothing while I am here. And ere I leave Edenbnrg I hope to deliver you from his power forever. The Emperor is my friend, and I am sure I shall not appeal to him in vain." And still Lucille was sadly thoughtful. " Tell me" urged Karl ; " has anything trans- pired to give you especial alarm ?" "Only this," replied the maiden: "Not more than an hour since Wolfgang came hither and very humbly begged our pardon for the part he had been obliged to sustain towards us, at the same time informing us that we were no longer under surveillance. That is not like Wolfgang, nor yet is it like Sir Caspar. There must be some hidden motive." "Dear Lucille, I will not dispute you; but I think we know with whom we have to deal, and we will be watchful and prepared for emergencies* Within a few days1! shall have force enough to overcome any opposition the baron can bring, and if I can gain the proof of certain suspicions which I entertain touching the complicity of Sir Caspar with the Rhine Robbers, I shall seize upon this castle, and hold it in the emperor's name." Karl had spoken thus when the palmer arose to recire. "Courage, dearest," whispered the youthfuj knight. .' You will be brave and hopeful ?" Lucille returned his kiss in token of assent. " To-morrow, lady," said the palmer, in answer to a question from the countess, " Sir Victor shall present himself. He would have come this even- ing, but that I feared he would make one too many for our conference. I had much of importance fcr your own ear, and as for the twain who have occupied yonder oriel, I apprehend they have done very well without the assistance of a third party." Any embarrassment on the part of the youthful couple from this pleasant sally was immediately relieved by the fervent ejaculation of the countess, " And God grant that they may dî well in all the time to come !" "Amen! with all my heart," responded| the palmer. And having thus spoken, he kissed the , hand of the Lady Leonora, and having bestowed upon Lucille a like salutation, he retired from the apartment, followed by Earl. Upon the corridor they met Harold, who bore a lighted torch in his hand ; and in the hall they were joined by Julian, who bore a tray, upon which were wine and refreshments, together with fresh candles. "Are you still determined upon spending the night in the Paladin's Tower ?" asked Harold. " We are. Lead the way." Without further remark the old man turned his face towards the Carlovingian donjon : but his step was slow, and he moved on with evident reluctance and much misgiving. CHAPTER XIV. THE POOL OP BLOOD! The old chamber in the Paladin's Tower was found just as Karl had left it, even to the iron candle-stick, with its bit of waxen taper. The palmer looked about him with a curious eye, evidently much interested ia the place. " This is the first time my feet trod the pave- ment of this old donjon," he said, " but I have heard of it often. It looks a fitting place for the cruel deeds that are said to have been done here." " And a fitting place for the unhappy spirit that haunts it,'', ventured Harold in a low tone. I " Which spirit 1 am anxious to beüoia," returnea i Allenwald. " God give that you may behold it in safety," pronounced the seneschal, devoutly. " If it be the spirit of TJlic von Edenburg, surely I have no occasion to fear it," returned the palmer ; " for it eould bear only love and good will towards me." " The ordeal is before yon, holy pilgrim, and the result be upon your own head. Julian has brought refreshments and candles, and you can make such comfort for yourselves as the place affords." Having lighted two candles, and received the assurance that they could do no more, Harold and Julian withdrew, crossing themselves, and uttering a Paternoster and an Ave Maria, as they passed out. "Now," said the palmer, when the two old servitors had gone, "we will secure the door and then look at the surroundings," " I have already done that same thing," replied Karl ; " and unless your eyes are sharper than human eyes are wont to be, you will find nothing but solid walls." "This door seems a sufficient barrier to the in- gress of corporeal substance, at all events," re ".".," ". -r-, - _-, marked Alienwald, as he shot the stout holts into their sockets. After this they took each a candle, and went about to examine the walls, and when this was done, they bestowed their attention upon the floor. " One thing is certain," said the palmer, after the examination had been thoroughly made : " If there be a secret way of entrance to this chamber« it was constructed by an artist who understood his part. What think you, Sir Karl ?" " When I left this tower, on the morning succeed- ing my first experience here," answered our hero, " I was willing to believe that I had seen a verit- able spectre-a spirit from the world of the un- seen,-but the coming of the midnight visitant to that other chamber, with palpable bodily intent, hath somewhat shaken my faith in the ghostly character of the presence that haunts this tower." The palmer nodded, and remained for a time busy with his own reflections. '. Well, well," he said, at length starting toward the table, and setting down his candle " let us look to ourselves, and leave the spectre to his own will and pleasure." Thus speaking, Allenwald drew a stool to the side of the table, and poured out wine for his com- panion and himself ; and, asa matter of social com- fort and propriety, vshile engaged in thus refresh- ing their energies they indulged only m light and general conversation. It was late when they retired, and Karl, at the palmer's request, took that part of the bed next the wall. As the latter removed his long robe he displayed beneath a doublet of the very finest of mail, together with a broad- bladed Damascus dagger ; and in this mail, which entirely shielded every vital part below the neck, he proposed to I sleep. ' i "A long pilgrimage," he remarked, as he ob- served that his armor had attracted the attention of the knight, " is not always safe, even to the poor and self-sacrificing palmer. The mountains of this Black Forest are not the only haunts of robbers. From Palestine to Germany, on every highway, the traveller is liable to meet the rascals. Once this bit of mail saved my life, and I now wear it out of affectionate regard full as much as for pro- tection." Sir Karl raised himself on his elbow, and gazed into the palmer's face ; but the features were mostly in the deep shade, and he pressed his pillow again without remark ; and shortly afterwards the pilgrim, having left one of the candles burning, threw himself down by his side. They were both weary, a id both were soon aaleep ; and after a time, they were both aroused by what seemed to be the muttering of thunder. " Sir Karl, are you awake ?" " I am." " I think a storm is brewing." "Canyou look through the embrasure of the opfosite wall ?" "Yes." " And what do you see ?" " I'faith, Karl, I see the stars shining as brightly as though no storm had ever come to them." "Andyet," added our hero, "the thunder in- creases." " Aye," responded Allenwald, after listening a moment ; "and it comes from the regions below as rather than from the heavens above." I Ere Karl could make a reply, the candle was extinguished, and in a moment more a dense vapor began to fill the apartment, intensifying the gloom to an utter and impenetrable blackness. A 1 jttle time so, and then a lund glare shot up through the vapor, accompanied by a clap of thunder! that shook the very walls ; and as the last reverbera- tions died away, a human form was perceptible in i.i" T:J"*. .( """"_""!"..J_o «-.- toll n"A""m-"..,»_ mg, and dad in plate armour from head to foot. The visor of the plumed helm was up, and the features exposed were like the features of a dead man. The ghostly glare' still pervaded the apartment-a glare that gave the hue of the grave to everything upon which it rested. "Sir Allen of the Wald," apoke the ghostly presence, with stern solemnity, '. the friendship that existed between thee and me while I was in the flesh gives thee no right thus to intrude upon: the sacred retreat of my sorrowing spirit." The palmer raised himself upon his elbow, but he had no power to do more ; or, if strength were his to sit up, he felt that ¿he energies of his frame were so far overcome he could not stand erect. An influence from the sulphurous vapour had weakened and benumbed him, so that he cotild not even doss his hand firmly upon the hilt of his dagger. But his speech was still his own. "Are you Sir Ulric von Edenburg?" he asked. "When I was in the flesh I was so called,"" replied the spectre. "Then tell me-tell me on the score of the friendship which once existed between us-why is your spirit thus doomed to haunt this'old pile ?" " Sir Allen, this apartment was the scene of my bitterest earthly agony. Here it was that I brooded over the falsehood of my countess; here it was that my heart broke." " But," said the palmer, " you had proof ere you> passed from the earth-life that the Lady Leonora had been maligned and traduced; that she was good and true." " So I thought," answered the spectre in hollow, painful tones; "but the thought was a baseless vapor of foul falsehood, begotten by those who sought to deceive me. My countess was false to me-false as the archfiend himself ! O ! I know it now ; and here, where I first retired to seek oblivion from the direful disgrace, is my spirit now doomed to wander while the false and perfidious one remains in the flesh. Seek to know no more». Best in peace for to-night, but disturb me not again." The palmer would have spoken further, but ere he could do so a terrible clap of thunder broke the air, and on the instant the lurid glare went out, and impenetrable darkness once more prevailed. Gradually Allenwald felt the numbness leaving his limbs, and at length be crawled from the bed, and' having taking a box of tinder, with flint and steel, from his pocket, he proceeded to light a candle ; and as the yellow flame shot up from the wick Sir Karl was upon the floor. The palmer's next movement was to pour out a cup of wine, and when he had drank he pushed the flagon to his companion. The generous beverage gave new vigor to the circulation, ' and very soon the adventurers were strong again in. body and in will. " Now, good Allenwald," said our hero, who had waited in vaia for his companion to break the silence " what think you of this ?" "The speech of the spectre," replied the palmer, " had more relation to you than to myself, since it, harped upon your mother's dishonor. What think you ?" " Be it man or demon-flesh or spirit-ita speech was a lie, base and foul !" exclaimed Karl, vehem- ently. "But tell me,-waa it Sir Ulric's face yon . saw ?" " It certainly bore a strong resemblance to the face of the old warrior ; and were I enclined to fail in ghosts, I should say it had been Sir Ulric him- self. But let us look at the floor and see if any trace or our spectral visitant natn been lett." Karl lighted a second candle, and together they examined the broad stone flags of which the floor was composed. " There is no trace of disturbance here," said the knight. "None that I can discover," responded the palmer. " Here is where the spectre stood, and here- Ha ! what is this ?" It was a dark spot-a clotted pool-upon the pavement, as large as tho palm of a man's hand. "It is blood !" said Karl, stooping and touching it with his finger, and then starting back aghast. " It is blood/' pronounced Allenwald. " What does it mean ? I have heard of bleeding ghosts. "Ah! this is dreadful !" The palmer moved back and replaced his candle upon the table, and then he said : "My dear boy, things of solid flesh are much more prone to drop clouts of blood than are disem- bodied spirits. Our spectre, methinks, hath over- done his part. In the first place, you heard how he addressed me. I am not Sir Allen of the Wald, but only simple Allenwald-a name I took when I assumed the pilgrim's staff. Sir Allen of the Wald was my friend, as he was a friend to Sir Ulric. A veritable spirit, freed from the shackles of the flesh, would not have made such a mistake." "Allenwald, in Heaven's name, what think you?" "We will not compare notes now, Sir Karl, Let us return to our rest, each to nurse his own fancies, and on the morrow we will make a move by daylight." 1 " We will solve this mystery if we can," oried the youth, eagerly. 1 " Such is my purpose." "O, Allenwald, I have a thought-a fearful: thought," " Keep it until the morrow, Sir Karl. I do not think you will lose it." For some moment thes youthf ni knight stood and gazed into the face of his companion, and if he bad been puzzled before to solve the man's character, he was far more puzzled now. " Surely," he thought to himself, those features are not new to me ; and I am impressed very strongly that I have seen this man in the harness of war. I wish I knew him better." " Good Allenwald-" " Is weary," broke in the palmer. And without waiting for his wondering companion to speak further he moved to the bed, and threw himself upon it, leaving Karl to crawl over into his place as best he could. The morning of another day dawned at length, and the sleepers in the Paladin's Tower awoke not until a thumping upon their door broke their slumbers. Allenwald arose and admitted Harold and Julian, The two henchmen glanced- eagerly around, and gave token of great r eli if when they had seen that all was as they had left it. The seneschal was moving towards the table to prepare the tray for removal, when his foot slipped upon the pavement, and upon looking down to see what was che cause, he uttered an exclamation of terror, and started hack. " It's Wood !" he cried. " A pool of blood !" echoed Julian, when he had looked upon the dark spot. "Good Harold," said the palmer, in an easy, assuming tone, "you and Julian may know the truth. The Spectre Baron paid us a visit during the night, and when he was gone, we found this pool of blood upon the spot where he had stood So, you see, it is a bleeding spectre." " Aye," whispered the old servitor, with horror in his tones, " it is blood from the wound in his throat where the cruel lance went in. O ! this is dreadful ! It bodes ill1 to some one." 'i^cet not your fears make you weak," returned Allenwald. " If ill is to come, and it be augured by the spirit of Sir Ulric, then only those who, in other days, have been enemies of the old knight have cause for fear. Surely to us, who have boen accounted his truest friends, the spirit can only ex I tend peace and good will." j The old henchmen were much relieved by the speech of the palmer ; but they could not repress a shudder when they looked upon the clout of blood ; and Harold plucked off the defiled shoe, and cast it forth from one of the embrasures into the torrent that swept the base of the cliff hundreds of feet be- low. He dared not wear it Bince it had been stained by the blood of the spectre. He would, as he de- clared, rather go barefooted all the rest of his life. When our adventurers reached the eating-room they found breakfast served, and Sir Victor wait- ing for them ; and while they eat Allenwald told to fcandorf the story of their night's experience in the Paladin's Tower. The latter listened atten- tively, and had many questions to ask ; but beyond the mere facts, as related, the palmer could only say that the end was yet to be sought. At pre- sent he could only tell what he had seen and heard. Wolfgang had not yet made his appearence" One of the servants said he had seen the lieutenant, long after midnight, come in from the rear court, and at the same time he was sure he had heard the tramp of a horBe upon the narrow bridge that spanned the chasm beyond the postern. " The postern is outside the Paladin's Tower ?" suggested Allenwald. " Yes," answered Harold. " And communicates with a mountain path ?" "Yes." " Leading to the east ?" " Yes, duectly towards the castle of the Black Wolf." After the meal was finished the palmer sought the old seneschal in the outer hall or vestibule. "Harold, do you know anything of the apart- ments beneath the Paladin's Tower ?" " No one knows anything of them now, holy sir. When I was a young man, in the time of Sir Ulric's first wife, I often visited those deep, dark chambers. They extend down far into the very bowels of the rock; and there are chambers there that were onco well furnished, where, in the time of the paladins, the women and children retreated when the tower stood a siege. But those dark places are not open now. The floods from the mountain torrent first filled them with rubbish, and they were afterwards walled up, so that no humau being might enter them." " When were they thus closed up ?" " While I was absent in Palestine." "With Sir Ulric?" "Yes." " Then Sir Caspar caused the work to be done ?" "Yes." " And you have not visited the vaults and dun- geons of the old tower since ?" I " Surely not. How could I when they are shut off from the outer world by a wall as thick and as solid as the very walls that surround the ballium?" " Aye, surely, how could you." And thus speaking the palmer walked away, slowly and thoughtfully, by himself. (To be continued.) 