THE AGITATION FOR PRO TECTION. MEETING- AT NEWTOWN. MR. DICES ON THE SITUATION.— HE DEFENDS THE GA11VAN DEFICIT. A protectionist meeting was held last night 'in the Town-hall, Newtown. The building was crowded. On the platform were Messrs Dibb?, O'Sullivan, Ciecr, and Willis, Ms. P., nnd tho officers of the local protection asso- ciation. Alderman Bcllciney was in tho chair. . The Chairman spoke of the necessity which existed for the protectionists of Newtown re organising their forces in view of the general election, which he considered could not be far distant. He thought that the lime had arrived for tho establishment of branches in all the districts of the electorate of Newtowu. At , last election there were between 7000 and 8000 names on tho electoral roll, and between nOOQ and bUUU votes nau neon poneu. ouuu « uuiwui could not liavo voted, considering the large number of working men who had left the dis trict, if assistance hail not been received from , tho graveyard. (Laughter.) Jinrocdiato reform i of the Electoral Act was required to put a stop to the nefarious practices of personatiou aud double voting. He called upon ilr. Dibbs to :. address the meeting. .' Mr. Dibds, who was well received, said that j those who were old enough to remember the : great protective struggle in America would . remember the advice of President Lincoln to a Northern general that they must keep pegging away. The position of the protectionist . party at present was similar to that of the federals at that time, and the same advice was ' therefore a good one for the protectionists to follow, and they mn-t keep pegging away till they bad won the citauol. lie bud to make tho admission 'frankly itbat in -the recent conflict they had done their best. Although defeated by a small majority, tho protectionists wore not cast down, nor were they destroyed. (Ap plause.) The large meeting he was addressing was a proof tuar. protoction'was alivtti in New town. and he hoped before they exercised their franchise at tho next general election they would have teu times more protectionists iu Newtown. When tho amendment of the electoral law fiuouiu. uavu iiraou puice, one of the most important changes would be to make the internal system of per sonation impossible. (Applause.) Another reform in that Act would he tho adoption of manhood suffrage. Allotments were at present cheap— aud if protection did not come they would bo cheaper — and it was very easy for a man with a few allotments to exercise lus vote for the return of 25 or 30 members. He knew of one gentleman in Newtown who, between himself, his brother and two of his sons had 23 votos at their disposal, and it needed no argu ment to show the absurdity of a family party like that having such a power. It was only when big questions like freetrade or protection were before the country, and people were roused from their English goodnature, that tho errors of our electoral system were made so plain. lie hoped tho people would rise as one man to put a stop to-au iniquitous Bystein by which voters with allotments bad : the right to voto for 10 constituencies. He would ask them to listen to a review of the pro tectionist position during the last few months, especially on the first occasion be had had since the Administration of which be had been the head had gone out of power. During the period of, the last Parkes Administration the .protectionists had a strength of nominally <10 'members, but from various causes they could ;not vote up to their full streugth. They were simply crushed out by tho Govern ment majority, but, notwithstanding, they had prevented manyf abuses. Tho troubles of the Parkcs Government culminated, but the , freetrade party had a two-thirds majority in the House when Sir Hoary Parkes abandoned his position. He used the word abandoned deliberately, for in the new Government which Sir Henry 'Parkes had formed the other day not one of the men who had formed the Parkes Government of two years ago had found a place. To his mind that was confirmation strong as Holy Writ that Sir Henry Parkes ; then abandoned his position and his col leagues, and his action bad proved the truth of the charges then made against that 'Government by the Opposition. That was a contemptible and cowardly action, aud one of which ho could not be gui'rty. If a colleague had boun with him (Mr. Dibbs) in office two months, instead of two years, and if a new Administration were being formed he would offer him office again. The only one of the last Parkes Administration — he had been ouly in office soiuo little tiuio before tho end came— who had been called to a place in the present Administration was Mr. Drunker. That gen tleman ascribed his .position in the late Parkes Government to the circumstance that he had only got thero by keeping the not discovered 3'et one man who had kept every ono of the Ten Commandments. He (Mr. Dibbs) in a conversation the other day with Mr. Bnin- Jcer told him that he embodied ail the virtues of j,the Government, and that he had not left a ,fiiugle commandment for the rest of his corn- paniona. (Laughter.) The fact was that Mr. IBrunkcr had been taken in to displace Mr. Gar- xelt, who had failed ia bringing in a Land Bill which had been promised by tho Government. The Opposition had made charges of a grave nature against that Government, and the punishmeut which Sir Henry Parkes had .awarded his colleagues for tho failure of bis 'Administration was the exclusion of bis . colleagues from public life. Sir Henry Parkes might havo saved bis Govern ment by a word in reply to Mr. I Want's '.motion of censure, bat instead of doing so ho remained dumb, aud said no greater iusult could be done than by taking the business of the country out of their hands. The protec tionist party were thus forced into the breach, and he knew the struggle would be a sharp aud .severe one. The result, he considered, had" been a victory for them and they had had an euor- jnoas acquisition to the strength of tho pro- , Jtectioniat party. Tliey considered if all mem bers acted true to their pledges— that they .would give support to the national and protec tionist Administration— -tliey might have had a working majority; but some three members representing squatting constituencies had en deavored to put them to the bayonet, and bo- pause the protectionist Adminlstraliou refused to truckle to them these members, pwent pver to the enemy. He reviewed at length the Retails of the struggle, nnd considered that the refusal to grant supply was a direct .slap iu the i/aco at the Crown for having exercised its un doubted and constitutional right in selecting "its Ministers. They had dared to act without law for the purposo of paying the olvil servant, land in doing so they hud but obeyed the higher daw — tho welfare of tho community. When the time caino for the present Government to ask tho House for supplies the Opposition showed a better example than had been given 'them, and ungrudgingiy'granted tho necessary supplies. They did so because he for ono would, in fighting tho battle, not resort to the low, lying tricks tbat had been practised on them. Though '.the three members he had referred to had de sfierted, tho present Opposition wero men true as i-steel, who would prevent the Government from f-doing anything whatever until the finances of ,tho colony were placed on a sound and proper footing. Tho Opposition would argue with tho Government on the benefits which freetrade had conferred on the country aud what protec- 'tioa would confer. Tho life of tho Government was iu tho hands of the Opposition, and in time :tho Opposition would force tho Government to tomako an appeal to the people. The charges against bis (Mr. Dibbs') Administration had Vbeen varied and ranged from tho theft -of a steam launch to the heinous one -of having dined with the Cardinal. (Laugh- ter.) Tho latter was the only decent thiug they had accused them of, only tho invitation did not come and they objected to 'the lie that had been stated about it. Referring to tho dolicit, although he had been charged with being tho father of it, the fact remained that for overy pound of tho indebtedness which had been charged to him thero was the value of .two pounds of land for the people to select -from. Sir Henry Parkes reminded him of the man who, travelling in a sledge in Siberia with t hiB children, and attacked by wolves, had thrown out his children ono by ono to save Jiimself. Tho result was that when that man ...got to town ho was banged for his cowardice. ifLauirhtor.) A Aimilar rnmitf r>r,iifranii,. would be the result in the case of the man who 4 Bad thrown over his colleagues to save himself. 'This little story was by tho way. The free- trade Government that came in was to bring ih pure and honest Government and to make the desert blossom as the rose. There would be no unemployed and no Hornsby road- making. What was tho result? The deficit was not only there, but bad been swelled to the figures which Mr. Garvan had recently .given them in his financial statement. The press of tho country had endeavored to treat Mr. Garvan's figures with ridicule, but though ridicule was a good weapon it was a useless thing in matters of finance. Mr. Garvan had unnveilcd the true indebtedness of the colony. Was it not the duty of a Minister charged with the finances of the colony, immediately on his acceptance of office, to discover the real position of affairs? Instead of commencing Mr Garvan for this the press had pillioried him. The not. deficit, according to Mr. Garvan, was £3,700,000. They charged him with crowding three half-years into one year instead of two. But whatever might have been tho practice in former years, Mr. Garvan was perfectly and absolutely correct in his statement of the colony's finances. Tho interest due on the public debt was paid in London on December 16, 1888, and was, therefore, a rightful charge ia the accounts of 1888. Instead of being com mended for speaking tho truth, Mr. Garvan had been charged by Mr. Reid with having raised a goblin— a second edition of the Kiama ghost. (Laughter.) The late Government had been accused of sending telegrams to London regarding the increase of the de ficit. He denied this absolutely. He was tired of overtaking lies. There was the stern fact that the deficit had increased In two yean under the Parkes Government from two and a-balf millions to nearly four mil lions. They could not carry on as they had been doing. What did the increase of the de ficit, the increase of the unemployed, and the general financial distress throughout the colony mean? It meant ftliat a total change in the fiscal policy of the country was inevitable, and that the tidal wave of protection would sweep everything before it and carry away freetrade and the weapons which it was using— treachery, deceit and lies, (Applause.) Mr. MMillan, the now Treasurer, would have a warm time of it and would bo forced to confess that a chance iu tho financial position of the country mustbclbe outcome of a change in the fiscal policy. If the accounts of a private firm— even Abigail's bank— were" kept in tho manner which Mr. M/Millan advocated, the accountant would scon hear of it and would be liable to be pro secuted at the next assizes. The protectionists had suffered temporary defeat— it was their battle of Bull's llun— but they would buckle on their armor and would win. (Applause.) Messr6. Willis, Creer and O'Sullivan also spoke, and the proceedings closed' by -Mr. Fleay moving and Mr. Jcutch seconding a resolution affirming thu rinairnhlnnpaa ni branches of the Protectionist Association .through tho various districts of the Newtown electorate. 