Countrf Coittplaints. LAWTBBS' FEES. A correspondent has written thus from Bingara: 'From erne end of the colony to the other, and also in Queensland,- there is, to my certain knowledge, an ontcrv about the extortionate charges the lawyers make, and the -length of .time they take to do their work. I know nt rait oajia in WhinTi t-in wnrk «ould have been done in six months ? but it took three years. Why should there not be some law to regulate lawyers' _ fees? _ I noticed that some one said the other day in Parlia ment that such ' a law would do more harm than good ; but I wantto know why it should.' Manyothers for centuries past have asked similar questions, but without getting satisfaction. The truth is that there isa regular scale of fees in existence j£ or all work done in the courts ; 1nrt it is only used when the attorney's bill is taxed by the proper officer of the court. Any client is -at liberty to have his own lawyer's account taxed if he thinks it excessive; hut he seldom comes satisfactorily out of the -performance. CBUBLTY TO' ANIMALS. Thus. our correspondent, in Wellington : It is quite time that something was done to prevent the great suffering inflicted on cattle travel ling by raiL A few days ago a truck of nine bollocks arrived here ; and three oJ the nine were in a dying state from overcrowding— the beasts 'being very large and fat. One has .since died; and the two others are dying. The present ' system of cattle transit by rail is harbarous and inhuman, without taking into consideration the .'loss suffered by owners. It is not long sinoe -that I saw two bollocks with horns interlocked: the point of one horn being hooked into the eye socket . of the other beast. Not long previously to this a bollock was -seen in a truck with his horns embedded in the stomach of another beast. ' Could no plan be devised for keeping beasts apart in a truck 2 Yerynmoh.of the -meat is badly bruised before arrival at the sale- - yards ; and the fatter the animal, the more liable he is to deterioriataon by homing or bruising. BAD BOADS. , :- ; The Y&rraman; residents, an^a large section of the travelling public, are... much inconve nienced in oonseqnsnce-of the road .measured through Wood's, Campbell's, and Pengilley's properties; not .'being- proclaimedin due course. .'^For the waitfcot 'this newly-measured route, which was granted inxrrdetto , expedite traffic, the residents are experiencing -great difficultyin getting to market. J'From W«llingfein, also, weleam that the BnshrangeE's Creek-road Aa in an almost impassible -state. As this is the,;rou$e to Arthnrville, Ponto, and other thriving farming centres, muchinconvenience is occasioned. This im ; portant road hasimevez been properly made, and it is ?quite time that it was classifie&j;' bo that an annual . Bum «ould be -voted for its repair.- u:The Burrill Gap road, leeding- fco Burrendong andMumbersof thriving farms, is also in a frightfully dangerous state. BAILWAYB AITD STOCK. We:bave previously referred to the inconvenience experienced by stockowners owing to the recent regu lation of the Bail way Commissioners' requiring four -days' notice to be given before tracks can be Becnred-for conveying their stock to market. A farther complaint has now bean received from Quirindi to the following effect : Hitherto the actions ?of stockowners in sending stock to market have been chiefly controlled by advices from their auctioneers ; but the four days' notice system virtually precludes their -acting upon such advice; because, by the time the -notice is given the market required to be availed -of is generally over. And, again, there is no guaran tee thatowners will get their stock away even though they give thenotice in question; and, as a matter of fact, after .journeying long distances they have had to turn their stock back to the station on this very account. One owner had actually to do bo the other day after getting them in the trucks. No such trouble as this occurred before the new arrange ment. Taeiett Entkbtainment.— A very large audi ence assembledin the Glebe Town Hall on Mon day evening, the occasion being a vocal and instrumental entertainment given by a first-class minstrel and variety troupe, under the auspices of the No. 8 (Boyne) Lodge, Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australasia. The first part of the programme opened with minstrelsy, bal lads, and conric songs, followed by a nigger farce, called. 'Old Jawbone,' which created consider able merriment. The- second part consisted.of - a number of songs, for which several of the vocalists were re-called. The entertainment was brought to a close by the performance of a very -funny farce, entitled ' The Skeleton Witness.' E.W. Grand Master (Bro. Wheeler, M.L-A..)- occupied the chair throughout the concert, which was a great success. A new magazine f or*the blind, ' Santa;Lucia,' will be brought out next spring. Two small papers are already printed tor their benefit. But the present venture is intended to introduce a wider scope of reading to those educated blind who would be glad to keep pace with- the litera ture of the day. Thus the magazine ~w£U contain reprints of high-class literary matter— by the permission of various publishers — -beside original articles; political and controversial subjects be ing carefully avoided. 'Santa Lucia' will be printed in Braille type. Canon.Liddon preached to a crowded congre gation in. St. PauTs, .London, Jately, the first of a series of sermons on the Magnificat. It was not, he saidjabsolntelyoriginaybeing largely modelled {vn TTaTiTiali'B songafterthebirthof Samuel. Having 'pointed out in detail the similarity between the -two hymns, Dr. Liddon referred to Strauss's vctiticism that if the Virgin's hymn was inspired .from on high there would have been more originality in it, and remarked that the Holy Ghost was not bound to adopt the«xact degree-of -originality-which-might approve itself to a modern .literary man of a- sceptical turn of mind. We regretix) hear of the death of Professor. E., 'Lubbert, of Bonn, well known for his contadbu-; tionfi to the philology- and history of Greece- and Some. 