ECHOES FROM IHS SMOKING ROOM. [By A SCBIBBLSB.1 rurtner expenmenta nave oeen maue with that Thoughtograph which it was my pleasure to introduce to the Smoking room last year. The instrument, how* ever, nas not nad a latr chance this session. The thought industry in politics has been depressed, and where there is only little thought to write the Thought ograph can only write little. It is not good at imagination and invention. It is not a politician. These, therefore, are the only scrapB of its work which are inteUfgiole enough for use :— The Premier. Lounging uneasily in the Hmoking-Boom ; head upon his hands; elbow vpm his knees; fingers in his hair; dreaming as usual: — Let's make a mental balance-sheet. Five years in politics, and I've gained a Pre miership which ia adeuced slippery asset to stick to. So much to oredit whUe 1 can hold on to it. Probably I What of the other side) What of the loss? Eh? Twenty pounds avoirdupois to begin with* My clothing hangs about me loo»ely. Then where is my sprightlineaaof old ? Answer, ghost of my former smile ! Yes, and, as I live, grey hum have come within the last few weeks. 'Xhat is— -probably. Probably again ! I shall be undone by probably. When they asked me t'other day whether I took cream with my coffee, I almost made answer probably! Such is the kingdom of diplomacy. Moule said— II The Premier's conduothas been that of a politician, and not of a statesman.' Ah ! there's bitter meaning under that —probably /—and the Mouse for onoe agreed with Moule. Didn't my own Mends tell me when I fretted because the Register exposed my little diplomatic shuffle— how I regret It !— about the Barrier trade — didn't my own friends tell me that I'd richly earned the sore lesson, vni—piobablg—l did. Homburg's hnfc Mi-*amiB vlner In m« mm louder than the Town JUall bells, and they're more loud than thunder, Worsnop* knows. Ah ! I didn't thiiih— I was only weak ! Honest Tom's examplo seems to say to me, louder still — 'Run % atraightahead row in politics aa in potato- planting, my boy. It pays better khan diplomacy in the end.' Eh? I ponder whether one always ought to apply the same rule to politics as to everything Blse? Probably! Plsyford says ?* yea' In one thug should mean as much as 'yes' In another thing. He's right— probably. What'Utheendofitallbe? Do I care? Nc- o-o ; well, I'm ambitious, and if I pull through a year I'll be permanently Honourable, aa pet Oaztttc notice. But, saBdidly, it seems to me I can make almost everything else but Cabinets, though on my honour I did try hard Probably! . . . My brains whirl nbout like -a handful of chaff in a hur ricane. I'm as uncomfortable ss a lobster in hot water. Eh? Tea; I've tried to please everybody — bent to many diveue influences Tike the pliant pillow to the storm, and yet (he very ground to which I stoop flies up to hit me. Such ingratitude ! Ay, 'tis dear I have estranged my friends. ' The matter with you,' I fancy I hear that saustio critic Willie Horn say, 'the matter with you, poor Cockburn, Is that four backbone has gone to look for your Independence. You're a delightful old Fellow, but very weak. I really think we ihall have to put you out of your misery for your own sake because we love you ana ihe country.' If I could only have got in Born and Duncan! But I had little jlaim upon them, and I've got none now ; [ neglected their advice. I turned out a itrons team by an accident against the lutcry of the whole country, and though [ meant the fighting to be fair enough I san't complain if the same sword that I used should kOl me. Something whispers [n my ear that my Ministerial fife hangs upon a burning thread, which a very blunt sword would cut Something mutters—' Weighed in the balances and wmmmm Mystebiotjs Whiskr. ?—Found wanting ! Found wanting, Cockburn ThbPbemier What waa that, Horn — eh! An ominous blast from you? STb. Horn. Tut— tut ! I spoke not, Cockburn. Keep cooL I was but thinking of John son's -wit in Latin— thinking of nothing at all, iniact ! Dream on ! The Pbehieb. SJtaking his head in mdandioly—rkji ay; p-r~o 6-o»o-l 9— pbobably ! The Ex-Phbmiek, Plodding along amongst Vie heavily fruited logvaHrees; douch hat on head; hands in pockets ; dear old clay pipe in\ mouth — Haw ! haw ! haw ! So they pitched you out of office, Tom, did they ? Haw 1 haw ! haw ! But they couldn't pitch out your good record or your clear conscience. And Dancan says it's all on account of Charley. Well, I'm not going to say anything about Charley except this here — that Providence put a slashing good head on Charley, gave Charley a tongue aa sharp aa a pruning- hook, and the energy of a cloud of mosquitoes. Oharley waa my right - hand man, -aid now that he's determined oot to take office again I'll miss him iu oay new team. Hey ! new team -? wouldn't poor old Cockburn t**i«t at chat! Haw! haw! haw! My n-m team! They t*»H tae I can yokeaatroig lot up as soon as I like ; but what's t it good of bothering and 1 ashing? Loak here, Tom, my boy ! you want a rest, though there's a power of work in you ready at any minute, 9nd the new men mustn't be allowed to damage the country too much. The sweet air of this jolly old Duddygarden is Letter than all Govern ment House scents. The smell of this dear old day pipe— though Coles used to say the Sanitary Engineer ought to look after it ! (Funny Coles !)— is worth— why, money wouldn't buy it There ! puff— puff! puff! There— that for politics sud Premienbipa. Hey ? All the same, if T. P. should turn up on top again before the cherries ripen— well ! This grand colony mustn't be allowed to go to the dogs. We shall see. Haw ! haw ! haw ! But what district to go for ? Ah ! that is a puzzle. Six requisitions ? Blest if I don't give one of 'em to Howe ! He's a decent sort, and he'll need it after those Port Pirie meetings ! Burgoyne can have another if he likes, and he won't turn up hisnoBeatit Haw ! haw ! haw j Heigho! let's pull up this jolly old thistle— ab, gently ! Sir John. Yes, yes— but where do- 1 come ia it pll ? That is a big puzzle if you like ! Which side am Ion 1 But— soft '—there are the Federal Council delegates to be elected presently, and ? eh 1 « Tttm [Mr. Speaker. ^^ «-«& As though reading from an invisible neios paper—' The Honourable the Speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly and the Premier of the colony attended the sittings of the Council at Hobart.' Well, and why not? Don't see why it would conflict with my du-y iu the chair, you know ! Mr. Homburq. Supposing South Australia should not be In the Federal Council next year? Wait till you hear me on that point, Mr. Speaker 1 But if the future Attorney General Is to go ! ? Well t Mb. Holder. Oh ! I believe you, my friends, I'm getting on. Firstly, I'm lieutenant to the Premier and leader in his absence; secondly, I'm more ready and cool and smart than poor Cockburn; thirdly and lastly, I'm the best speaker of the lot Gordon ? Well, he's not here, you know ; and I flatter myself ? . But, never mind, I must not flatter mys&lf.; Behold in me the future Premier of South Aus tralia. Yes, I am bound to say that my speech on Thursday was eoaetuing like a performance, out no more tnan migbtJ have been expected. Kingston and Bom —ugh ! didn't I scratch into them. Oh 1 I've got claws, J have. Don't lite to ceo those men scoff so. Must gat 'em into a corner and give them ft serious discourse, upon the da of the scoraer. What! publicans and teetotallers both dis satisfied with my Local Option Bill. So* much the worse for 'em— that's all t raa ssy. Yes, my telling the House about setting up men of straw to knock down again was distinctly good. Ta-ta ! Ms. Johnson. Faugh! Foh! Fum! And also Pshaw ! Holder's nonsense about ' m ro of straw.' Why, bless me, that's rhym *. Let me tootle the trumpet and touch the light bassoon again, as in the old days o£ Punch when my poetry was good, thought I do say it aa shouldn't. How's this for & nice little epigram about Holder's abb itii men of straw, eh? tl'Tia very hard,' says Holder, ' and ministers complain that members stick up men of straw to knock them down again ; this sounds prophetic,! for the Houst its recent aot In mint; — 10 drop a team of men of straw Is wuat it thinks of doing.' There ! if that little verse doesn't make them wriggle, then I'm not an Australian native and theex* Minister of Education. Mb. Basedow the Dumb. T-i-8'S-h-a-w-w ! Humph! Ah-h ! Mr. Kimbeb, the Silent. ' Pooh! Basedow's too talkative ! I Mr. Babtlett. Would I take office? Wouldn't 11 Oh— yum! Commississioner of Crowa Lands for one month, and — what a clearing I'd make. Grubbing ascrubselection's play to it Hang all the squatters — make* J.P.'a of all the scrub farmers — discharge theGovernor— drive Cobenover the border —remove Adelaide to the West Coast !— ?' send Goyder a-grubbing. And that there Angas ! I talked over the Peninsula* farmers the other day — of course I did. Pooh ! that's aa easy as drinking lemon kali. Put on injured innocence, you know — persecuted because I'm fighting the battle of the scrub farmer. That goeaj down fine. Oh ! I'm all right at tbe elec-, tion. Mr. Kingston. Right at the election. A brain wava from some other fellow brings that thought into my classic noddle. So am I right at tbe election, and don't you forget it And I'll not only out my cards well so as to win dear old West Adelaide* but If I don't in the meantime seer Cockbum wriggle like a butterfly on o pin, shut up Holder, and make little Moulden wish he had never been born to get the freedom of London— if I don't, call me Charles the Simple instead o£ Charley the Cute. Mr. Kotosevell. A bsorbing a nice lump of almond toffy~ I've been doing little lately but munch confectionery, but watt till I eet off my* two hours on the Barrier question. Won't I prop up Cockbnrn, and knock oven Kingston, and won't I say nice things about the Port Adelaide people. Oh, no ; no connection with the next election. But If little Benjamin should put Mat tlnson out next March I hope nobody trill faint Mr. Hussey. Bulbing up his muscles after Thursday's warlike speedy which caused a temporary depression in shares— 1 don't want to fight, but by—— Dear me !— military and patriotlo ardour was nearly causing me to shook my ears by using a some what strong expression ! Let me try again— I don't want to fight, bot ms goodness (ah ! that is better) if I do, I've got the— ah!— the belllcoseness, thoughy well-tempered by — ah!— by meekneasJ I do believe, really, tbat if General Komaroff 1 saw me advanolng upon hint with my head erect and my Parliamentary frown— ah ! — upon my lips, he would re treat Yet my motto la defence, not de fiance! Eureka! And also good gracious me ! Yes, you may write me down Hussey the Fireater, but— hum !— don't make the fire too hot, if you please ! 