A WORD OF SYMPATHY. The protectionists of , Eedfern. deserve the sym pathy of tbeir political .opponents for the loss of time, money, and energy the defeat of two of the bunch represents. Mr. Schey, too, is to be condoled with. He turned a good coat in order to be in the swim in one of. the 'protectionist- strongholds,' yet notwitiostandiaig his strategy the -electors only estimated him at his proper value. The t)Unch 'are separated— -very much EQ;— for .only ;one. of them, is ia. Parlia ment.; _,The other is^-whete? Mr.. Howe, the champion, who was to have carried the other three in on his back, has, despite the^most extra ordinary efforts, only succeeded in getting second himself. Mr. Goodchap, instead of being the ':. fourth; joint in Mr. Williamson^ tail/' 'is now the third member for Eedfern, and his success in obtaining the position has deprived Eedfem of a member for an indefinite period, which, consider ing iis politics, is perhaps ail the better for Bed fern.. Mr. Williamson can console himself with the refleeUonthatHei^'nowj3UKueHsbiisineEsinthe police ceibrts wftfc6ut;'m18?rrup'i!on, andi^r. Davis can continue to make . money a 5 a' builder .and contractor ; 'under freeti-aiie ; it js to-be hoped this gentleman ' will not. inake '-another tour of- the' world; or, if he does, that he will not again spring his experiences upon us. Some of us have been there, and it$ are tired of; it. On Saturday evening in. Bedfern there- was gre:t rejoicing over this ' victory,' although it is but the ghost of a xeat that has been won by the noisy ones. There wasjust a suspicion of a bar or two of the 'Dead March, in Saul' in tie music of the bands which had been hired by the protectionists to celebrate their triumph. As a rule the greatest good humor prevailed at all the town and suburban elections on Saturday, very few cases of quarreling having occurred anywhere. The excitement at Newcastle was perhaps greater than' at any other election. The protectionists there had mounted a boat on a trolly, and manned it vrith a number of voters bearing the colors of their party. They were set upon by a number of' freetraders, the boat wrecked, aud the occupants pitched out, .their places being taken by the victors, who displayed their victorious colon's over the wreck. Mr. Schey, who executed an adroit somersault on the eve of the election, was placed in his proper position on Saturday at Bedfern — at the bottom of the list of nine candidates. A peculiar coincidence has o.-eurred in connec tion with the Paddmgton election. Mr. J. M'Laughiin polled 2139 votes, being the same number recorded for him at the last general election.' Mr. JVM'Laughlin, cue of the defeated candi dates for Paddiirgton, arrived at Cootamundra this moraing by ' special train, to contest Gun dagai electorate In the protectionist interest. He was- met at the railway station by several promi nent protectionists. Mr. M'Laiighlin went to Gundagai to be j;r-?sent at the nominations. Mr. John C. Syrie, one of- the freetrade candi dates, addressed the electors of the Bogan at Warren on Saturday night. He was accorded an enthtjsiastie -hearing- 'and a unanimous vote of confidence. Mr. J-. Tonkin- addressed the electors of Car coar, at the -Royal Hotel, Elayney, on Saturday evening, on behalf of Mr. Garland. ' There was a large attendance: The_protectionist candidates, Messrs. Fremlin -and Donnelly, also addressed a large meeting in the Town-hall on. Saturday night. They were accorded a vote of confidence. Toohey, the protectionist king of South Sydney, was third on the list. . Outsiders beat him. The country seems to begin to recognise that a section of the supporters of protection belong to. the class known as 'adventurers.' Their politics and their, pockets are never much at variance. Paddington election showed what a ridiculous thing it is to prophecy as to the result by the show of. hands.. Protectionists were terribly bumptious on Thursday ; Saturday reduced them to a condition of collapse. On Friday last the freetraders published an advertisement giving lists of the freetrade bunches, and exhorting the electors to vote for the ticket. On. . Saturday morning the protec tionists copied the advertisement, but changed the bunches. It didn't do any good, however. It is the intention of the freetrade party to send some of their best men who were defeated on Saturday to some of the country constituencies where there is a probability of defeating the pro tectionist candidates. ' The Executive Committee is now sitting, making selections of the best men to be sent out with this view. Several speakers will also be sent to the various constituencies to strengthen the hands of ihe candidates. It is anticipated that at to-day's elections the protectionists will pull up to an equal footing with the freetraders, but after this their greatest strength will be exhausted. Saturday next will show a very large majority on the side of freetrade. ' ? There Was great excitement at Bathurst at the close of the poll on Saturday, although everything was orderly. Knots of people stood in the streets discussing the election until late at night.' As the several returns became known, and the freetraders were known to have a majority, the excitement was wonderful. % Mr. Frank Farnell addressed meetings at the Cross Roads (Liverpool), Smithfield, Pennant Hills and Field of Mars during the past week. At each place he was splendidly received, and accorded a unanimous vote of confidence. 