; . Concert at Einn. The concert given by the Snowdrop Minstrels of Parramattn, in Towle's Hall .on the evening of the " fith instant, iri aid.of the Emu C.C., was a splendid success. The ball was comfortably filled at an early hour. When the curtain rose for the first act scarcely standing room was available. The debts of . the C.C. were wiped out in one, or rather three, nets, some £10 being taken for tickets, and n sub stantial surplus is now available to commence the season with. The printed programme was consider. *. ably devinted from, owing to the unavoidable ab sence ofMr. A. K. Weeks, who was billed tc tnkea. lending part in the business. Mr. O'Riley filled the.position of interlocutor, Mr. W. Thompson handled the boriesj Mr. G. Hill the. tambo, and Mi. P. King played the accompaniments. The proceedings were commenced by the company singingan overture in good style. Mr. A. l'unks then rendered " The old rustic bridge. Mr. G.Hill sang " Old England arid the new " very well; next came Mr. G. Hill with a comic song, " All for the sake of Sarah, receiving a well-deserved encore, to which he responded by singing the last verse again. Mr. n J. s.King ;theu sang a : good song, which was well received. Mr. W. Thompson fairly brought down the house with " Sally with the coal-black eye." The curtain then dropped for 10 minntes, . and then most of the males went out to see a man. When the curtain rose for the second act, his grace the marble man was disclosed in all his majesty, but he failed, to make an impression on " Emu's hearts of oak," at least on the male portion of the audience, thongh I did hear that a few of the fair ones were a bit. mashed on his sweet petrified face. After " his grace " had held his court for a few minutes, the curtain dropped. Miss 1!.- King started the ball rolling in the third part by playing a piano selection very well indeed for one so young ; her playing reflected great credit upon her instruct ors. Mr. W. Thompson then appeared on the scenes," and held the audience convulsed with laughter'the whole of -the time he was makiiig a stump'speeeh on "lub." Mr. Daniels (of Penrith), in hi3 r6Ie of female impersonator, sang " You are so awfully awful, you are," in great style nnd re ceived a regular tornado of applause. He then, in re ponse to an encore, sang " I am so fond of dancing," for which ho received another ovation. Mr. S. Summons (also of Penrith) introduced his water-melon' scene, his "don't you like "em's" and " whoa I whoa thar's" created much laughter. Mr. A. Tunkssang "The Smuggler," but he put scarcely enough energy into it to do it justice. The ghost scene ; was next introduced with great success. AVlio over it was who said laughter is good for the soulj" or words to that effect, must have had a ghost in his mind's eye: Laff, I .did laff 1 Polly laffed, I lafEed, and we all-laffed.- A farce entitled "The wig mnkers," concluded the evening's entertainment. , The farce elicited much applause. ' The dance, which took place after the conccrt was very successful, as far as attendance goes, but there was some mismanagement in the musical depart ment, which; materially, jjffected the evening's en joyment, but notwithstanding this hitch dancing was carried on till 1 a.m., about 18 couples partici pating in the fuD. 