MELBOURNE GOSSIP. frnost our corresfondent.1 At the Australian Nativos' Association annual banquet— which, by the way was a cold and melancholy fizzle, by leasnn of the smallnees of the attendance— President Purves said that in Australia ' they had only seen the beginning of the greatest country the world bad ever known.' Do not Mr. Purves and hia followers think that Australia oan manago to climb up the Hill of Progress without their continually ooming be hind her and boosting her along with their heads ' like billygoats ? Let them take a rest fora while and leave off beating their drums and waving | their banners. The march of Australian pro gress is rather an impressivo spootacle, but it is not circus procession, as tho A.N.A are doing their best to mako it. I notice that the Government has made a good thing out of the eale of confiscated pianos. Also, I observe that they have dono woll with consignments of butter from the Government dairies. Why not take thoseup as state affairs P Butter and musie— Mr. Cowen has had a good deal of both, by the way— ought to take admir ably, if well advertised. At Graftnn a somewhat ridioulous piece of foolery was enaotod. A Ohinkie witness eleoted to be sworn by blowing out one of Bryant and May's blue-headed matches, aud the Court official entrusted with the duty of administering 'the oath struok out a new line, and improvised a little thing of his own, whioh ran in this style : — ' The evidence you are about to give in the oase boforo the Court shall be the truth, the whole truth, end nothing but the truth 1 no help yer Joss! And if yer don't tell the truth, as you blow that matoh out, so also will your bow1 be blown to h— 1, d'ye moind that, now P' The length o( this oath, and the impreBsivo solem nity with whioh it was delivered had suoh a paralysing effeot on the unfortunate Ohpw that he aotually did tell the truth, and consequently lost hia case; but the moment he was let out of the box he cleared from the Court with the affrighted look of a man who had bumped up against the ghost of his former mother-in-law. JuBt as we meet with instances of longevity among certain soctipns of tho community^ so do wo come across cases of long duration of matri mony among the ' Great Unpaid,' . A. Oorlton magistrate, whil died last Saturday, had enjoyed 52 years of connubial bliss. In Fitzroy, again wo find a local J.P. stating from the Bench, pour en courager let aulret, that he had been married for 63 years and 'had never had a dis agreement with hia wife.!' A brother beak also declared on the same occasion that he had been in double harness for a period of nearly 'equal length 'which had been one of uubroken felicity.' A Melbourne reportor got a decidedly novel reception on his return from his wedding trip recently. He was recoived- with outstretched hands by a vast army of creditors, including the clergyman who tied the knot. Tho poor, fellow bad given a chequo to a frieud to pay all the expenses of the marriage, but the friend, instead of putting the money to its intended uses, went off and had a good time with it. ' ' The Medical Society of Viotoria has held its annual meeting.and the publiogeneiaily will, no doubt, be interested to learn that 'a very satis factory state of affairs was revealed.' I don't quite know in what sense this ehould be taken. Does the satisfaction apply to the medical gontleman themselves; or, to the community upon whom they practice and from whom they draw their fees P The statement is somewhat ambiguous, aud I am inclined, until I hear anything to the contrary, to interpret its mean ing satisfactorily to the faculty—that is plenty of business on hand. Iu this view I am further strengthened by certain information conveyed in the President's retiring address. Out of every 10,000 of the population, eight persons die annually from a typhoid fever— a disease that is the product of unoleanlinoss and might be pro vented. Again, I notico that during the last year no loss than 1620 cases of the malady were reported to the Central Board of Health, and of those 423 terminated fatally. Of a truth things are looking up — for tho dootor s. Dr. Youl, the oity coroner, is a grim humour ist. He baa held duiing the past year an aver ago of more than an inquest por day, and as he never allows his spirits to Hug on suohoocasiouB he has beon afforded full opportunity of display ing his singular wit. The very eight of a corpse is sufficient to set the playful doctor off, and now that we have a new and more cheerful looking morgue hia proceedings at eomeof the inquests hold there are diverting iu the extreme. Tho other day ho informed a witness that if ho didu't take care he would soon hold an iuqueat upon him— a warning which the individual in question took seriously to heart, more especially as the prospect of being when ' deceased ' the subject to the coroner's morbid jokes was some thing which his sensitive nature could not con template unmoved. On another occasion this '.delightful raconteur stated to the jury that he : frequently oow.ln thefstroalaVmoa^UpotrwTiom i he had held inquests aud registered as dead. This is all Tory well, so to spoak, but what troubles me ia this— Did tho worthy coronor re turn tho fees paid to him. in conuootion. with those inquests. That eooins to mo to be the point of the whole affair. I havo been muoh struck iu my walks about the suburbs, by the inordinent amount of garden rubbish burning that is going on. Whether thia is the beat time to burn garden rubbish is' a question susceptible to considerable discussion, but it is the popular season. Groat care should be taken in tho composition of the burning heaps. If there are no old rubber shoes handy, a Iongth of oilcloth makos a good substitute. There is nothing, of oourse, that emits the peouliar flavour of burning rubbish, unless it is hair, but hair is too costly to be considered for a momont. A pieco of old oiloloth abuut three feet in length, subjected to a slow flame, can be smelled by the most ordinary nose tho distance of Ion gardens and to many it is just as satis fying as burning rubber. It ia best that the man should gather tho rubbish. This is so evident an to be unworthy of any disoussion. A woman with a long-handled rake ia more dangerous than a bad drain. What rubbish sho gots to gether scarcely compensates for the damage to tho rake or to herself or to any one who happens to be in the same yard at the time, and is too gallant or too helpless to take the nearest fence at a flying leap. The crowning performance ia when she han got her skirts inextricably tangled up with tho implement. She then goes into the house, leaving the rake at the foot of the verandah steps, with tho teeth upwards. ?. 