? THE ; CONFEDERATE CHIEFTAINS. A TALE OF THE; IRISH REBELLION ' OP 1641. CHAPTER X%Y.—(Continued.) By 3. Sabueb, Author of" i'na. eu>' ZxgUti," 'Biaktt and i « " ir tnUy$url£e," "Seel Sand of Ultte+,eti n CEEjTAiijr ofjhe loris thus insulted repairedforth wjjji to Dublin to pifer their gamble reiripnsirances to the Lords Jpsthey : f?und * WflSbjg ^jfficuity jp^e'way, for pn reaching the metropolis they were ponied admission, jt^gftps beipg cooped, tjiey were told, ag^st ajl p^rsbnp rejsidiijkat cj, certain from ttr city) But they went q£ busjhetSs o^iflnportiance U> theGdvernjnentr"^']C^ 'mptfpri^l- not, the orders iyere" perdmgbpry. So the! magnates of ttyp Ealey :ithe "nltrarloyal supporters qi parson's Government, and the determined fops of all rpbeluoi — jigtt or Vrong — were under the painful necessity of turning their tacks on fhe viceregal city in Which all ib)ieir hopes were centered. Like the false kmght in the old roundelay— ' ' Tfcy love and they ride £.way, ride away frdtn the government: patronage and all its soothing hopes and •and prAslpects, which, to such vefj loyal gdntffitoen, wfciS £t Sorb affliction. Blank ifatf tile cominPnly oval fape of Gormahstown, as he turned his horse's heacl for home, and Dttnsany's thin, sharp features grew wofiilly win, whilst Netterville, who was also of the party, was half inclined to laugh at the Rebuff Which, of all the Nbrtoan Ibrds, he regretted the least, for reasons blown 1 unto himself. ' It passes belief,' Said Lord Gormahstown, 'that any administration should so : goad men on' to rebellion 7' ' '80 far does it outstrip credibility,' put 'in Dunsany, 'that 'I Will never believe this re(jection of our services to proceed 1 from 'ttie' Lords Justices or the Council, unless I have it'frdm Pafcsons himself.Or some bther meiiiber of the government. Why, tie thing iif Wholly impossible' When We bethink us of the favour Wherewith the ffrst tender off Our Erertfees "Was received^1^-' '% thia]r Us you do, iHf Lord Dunsany,' saidGormattstown, gravely, -and we Will Hot give up our hopes of being rightly Understood Without'(mother trial. What sayyour lordships to our meeting -i-I meatt the chief men of the Pale—at Killeen Cistle. as the more bentral, three days' hence, and then after holding counsel together, to name one or two of bur iramber to repair to Dublin, and there assure the Lords Justices, in a still more solemn maimer than heretofore, of our entire devotion to the royal cause, and ont anxious desire to he employed in any way their lordships may deem fitting for the suppression of this dangerous rebellion f punsany eagerly caught this new idea, and, although Netterville was clearly of bpinioii th$t pumcjont pains had been already taken to demonstrate their loyalty, he agreed to be present at the meeting, and to advertise the noplemen en pud gentlemen' ot' his vicinity ifhi ere ,ahd ^rhen itwias to bfe at the hoi-headed fyUy of the 'ijiere Irish/wi Pphsjfnj to jcipiiVey t^ir Ipval and most submissive 'senti#etits to tMr jn^g^ti^esses pf the ' (Dastlb, with their humble' prayer to be aUdwpd'to serve the State and defend *• thfewpWnjwsseiisipiis at the same time ag^inst the' jfafcpp Tipjfdes', wpo were '' of^uMlinyi.whp. 'wialJj |iljswd wftji .the 1 1 office, set'put m high ipjite.for D.'ublin,, ~ pnderingi vdbnptle88, as he went, o&'the / rseKpned.w^thpjit '''''jffirtip Who stot .JbfipL. i ,|t r^8 ,%»-eirf. .thet'.saw. his fagfi afiui^ome^f them ' jiever pp eartn-fjjui^ the ' ind warm ^Pminen^atipn of tneir ,gpod J ms^itions, 1 which iH.ejr (fij]U i y .tproepted "'Him $ 'PfW fccfct &eir; ' J li)ntMigJta , s. tor! ^^ iW"m^'P^sons, ; liaving be^d what Dijnpan^lifJ ^ofay, ' -jwis'sp cha^^d^a^atjobleniaR'f 1974, ''segments so j^f^^or Wne, . thai he inust^ needs tx/eat himi^^iljiibly, " ' ana with that lauda$e laudable _ intention, ..... t 4^>n1jtless, settt him .to' share the im- ;^isb^ient of t?ie ^orjthepi chiefs in the jepns^c iln! hU BritUh'; [IrialiFeeraL^e.'saya' " " riwtedi " .^estorjtion.i W Ttfir Alas! for the would-be loyal Catholics of the Pale when these tidings reached them! How blanched their cheeks, how ghastly the look which they turned one on the other, and how hollow the voice in which each made his brief comment on the strange announcement. 'Dunsany in prison !' cried Fingal. 'The loyalest noble of the Pale!' echoed Gormanstown. Parsons must be mad 1' said the courtly Louth. ' There be mpre than Parsons so,' quoth Netterville bluntly V ' methinks all Ireland will set us iovpn ascrazy-pates, and, hy mine honour, not withptiit good reason!' Who knows,' said! a ?tout, elderly of martial aspect,..' but they may send Sir Charles Goote amongst us some of these days—an' they doj the Tyrone man's countenance ana succour were worth having—there be Ho man on Irish ground to meet Coote in due form except O'Neill.' ' .'O'Neill is no general,' said Lord Slahej, in a contemptuous tone. ' If he wins it is by good luck and brute force, not by skill or prudence/ ' Ay, but there be others of the northern chiefs more skilled in warcraft than he,' Observed Lord Netterville; ' atad there is Eoger O'Moore, with whose prudence and sagacity, not to speak, Of other rare qualities, we are all well acquainted.' ' Surely, yes,' said Lord Trinibleston, who had not yet spoken. 'Roger O'Moore is well fitted for courtly diplomacy. No man more wise or more discreet, or of more winning tongue than he ; but I have no faith in his military skill. An' it come to a trial of strength, as it sOon will, no doubt, there be no. as yet, amongst th'e " insurgent l.eaders able to cope for one hour with Ormond, or even with Coote. Brave men and gallant chieftains they have—I deny it not—such as O'Bourke, O'Reilly, and' M'Mahon, men who would do honour to any cause; but they have not that knowledge or experience in the art of war which might give them a chance of Success.' 'By my faith, Trimblcston,' said jLojfcth, with 'a 'significant smile, ' your speech savours of more interest in their affairs than becomes a loyal gentleman repeated Trimbleston with emphasis. ' I Know not but these gallant chieftains of the old stock who have boldly taken up arms for country and religion be the loyal men rather than we— excuse me, lords and gehtlemen—Vho ha;ve been offering incense to bigotry and injustice. Before God this day, I shame to think of how we have humbled ourselves before these upstart Puritans, the bitter enemies of our faith and all who profess it.' Lord Trimbleston rose as he spoke these words with honest warmth, and many a pale cheek amongst his hearers waxed red with the glow of a,, new-born his hand on hjs sword-^ilt as he joined in the shout of applause which greeted the baron's Bhort but significant address. Still, there was amongst the Palesmen there assembled too much of the timeserving and timorous spirit which had of late characterised the degenerate sons of the Norman knights of old for any genuine act of patriotism to be elicited from their worldly and over-cautious minds. All the experience of the pa8t months was not sufficient, it would seem, to show them that their duty aud their true interest pointed in the same direction. They had ever regarded thenative Irish with contempt, as a race wholly inferior, and only fit for that serfdom which their fathers imposed on the conquered Saxons of England; and in viewing, them still in that light, they could not, or would not, make common cause with them, until every vestige,of hppe was taken from them by the acts of thiat Government to which they clung with the blindest infatuation. Meanwile, the Ulster forces, unwilling longer to bfe cooped up within their own limits, when so much was to be done in the other provinces, began to penetrate in large bodiea into the adjoining ooUnties •of. the Pale. " Crossing the borders with 'bkmiers flying, they attaoked ttnd'took seteral strong castles. At length," growing bolder from success, the O'JJeillys and M'Mahons laid siege to the house of Lord Moore -at Mellifont, within** few miles of;-Drogheda, and succeeded in takirigiit by storm, to the extreme mortification of its-noble owner, who was |oirtly : considered as' one' of the- best officers • in' the Government service. With his family, however, he recreated ito Drodb^da, leaving his lordly manor in HhaSSkf of the Catholics; and ^hat was &fr; more of triumph to thi^; the sacred Vale of Mellifont, at whoSe4ained «ad.l desecrated shrines th» ; ehjeftkins knrit with swellinghtearts to git^ t^tokg for their success, and invoke Hrt ^IeSSng pfi flod-iad His saints on thdir'fetCura efforts to redeem his suffering Where the ill-starred Dervorgil wept and prayed Of old in penitential mood, the brave defenders of their country and their creed, catching fresh enthusiasm from the mournful yet hallowed scene, vowed to do yet greater tlungs for the holy cause to which'theit lives .were pledged, hot sheath their swords till freedom anil justice wbtit established in the land on a firm basis. So long as the native chieftains kept within tpe bdunds of the northern province, the Governmept Were clearly Well content to let them work their will on the king's lieges, godly and ungodly, as the case might be, hut when Once they crossed the marches,, and began to clear the bawns of the Pale of the fat beeves Which were wont tosupply magnificent Sirloins for Dublin boards, and still worse, When their rebellious flags began to ajjpear on castle-keeps within a score of miles of the metropolis, as in the case of Mellifont, then, indeed, it was time to bestir themselves, or there was no knowing how soon the very gates of Dublin might creak and shiver beneath their ponderous axes. Word ' was even brought them at the council- board that the rebels meditated a speedy attack on Drogheda, headed by Sir Phelim himself with the chosen men of his army. Immediately a commission was issued to raise four regiments in the vicinity of Dublin, and with one of these a thousand strong, and a goodly troop of horse, Sir Charles Coote was sent to scour the counties of Meath and Louth and drive the rebels back into Ulster, giving no quarter to such as fell into his hands. The latter part of the instructions Coote heard with a sardonic sinile, believing the order somewhat superfluous in his case. A strong reinforcement was, at the same time, sent to Drogheda . under the command of Sir Patrick Wemyss. These troops, on the eve of their departure, were reviewed by Lord Ormond, who pronounced them hardly sufficient for the purpose, but the Lords Justices would not consent to any further reduction of the metropolitan forces, and Sir Patrick had nothing for it but to set his column in motion, while the Earl bowed with lofty grace and a smile of forced acquiescence. Wemyss and his men were alike disheartened by the Earl's opinion of their insufficiency in point of numbers, and, to make matters worse, the day was dull find misty, threatening rain. More experienced soldiers would have probably exulted' in the prospect of meeting a superior force of the wild Irish in hopes of signalising their powers, but Sir Patrick's command was composed entirely of raw recruits from the new levies; men, for the most part, to whom the smell of powder was less trying than the glitter of an Irish skene. On they marched, however, with as great show of military ardour as though their valor had stood the test of a hundred fields. The level plains of Dublin were soon passed, and many a mile of the rich lands of Louth, and already the confidence of the Palesmen began to revive when Balbriggar and Balruddery were left far behind, and they found themselves nearing the place on their destination. The picturesque heights on the Nanny water were already in sight, or ought to be—for the cold, thick mist rested cheerlessly on every object—when a horse was heard approaching at full gallop across the fields, and Sir Patrick sending a scout or two to reconnoitre, they returned with a courier sent by Lord Gormanstown to apprise the officer in command that a strong detachment of the Irish army was stationed at Julians-town Bridge, only a little farther on, awaiting their approach. At this confirmation of their worst fears, the men were at first seized with trepidation, and were more disposed to retreat than to go forward, but Sir Patrick* himself a brave soldier, representing to them in brief but stirring terms 1 the disgrace which was sure to follow such a step, and, moreover, the heavy punishment which they might expect, the column again turned its head towards Drogheda and marched steadily down the gentle slope leading to the bridge. It was little wonder if the stoutest heart there beat more quickly, and the bravest held his breath, for they knew not but death awaited them all' in the misty depth of the valltey. Urged on, however; by their gallant lefadpr they gained the bridge, crossed it, and marched in good order up the opposite acclivity without any other obstacle opposing their way than the mizzling rain which now began 4 to heat in their faces. ,• ' ' Elated by this agreeable disappointment, the men were with difficulty kept from expressing their joy in a loup. f hurrah;' hut thby r 'said one to another with bbtmding heartfi and gleeful eyejs, ' Now' for Drogheda r^vthe (jow^My t •-'•/iT; 1 .'.; ;-v,.:fi j;„", 7?: H'.y c. SKst f" rebels will scarce venture so roar the guns of Millmpojjkt!' But their commander was far from sharing their confidence, and as he rode on at the head of his column, his face had a stem and determined look, his keen grey' eyes piercing the mist in all directions as though seeking geme expected object. Without noticing his ominous silence, his men kept laughing and talking amongst themselves, in anticipation of the guardroom fire and the foaming tankard, when, just about a quarter Of a mile beyond the, bridge, they were struck dumb by the fierce clan-shouts of an Irish host, as it seemed to them, and the equally terrific spnnd of pipe and war-trump strikingup a martial strain. At ithe same mement, the rain ceafced, and the mist clearing partially away, disclosed to the affrighted soldiers of the Pale what appeared to them a whole army of the eifemy, the foot drawn up in five battalions, flanked on either side by a troop of horse. Immediately the English bugles sounded a charge, and Wemyss and his officers tried hard to get their men in order of battle. ' Just; however, > when they seemed to have succeeded, another shout from the Irish ranks* and a slight fOrWard movement, struck new terror into the hearts of the amateur soldiers, and with scarcely a glance .at the formidable array before them, they fairly turned their backs and fled, notwithstanding that their commander and others of his subordinates threw themselves from their horses and did . what men could to bar their retreat. Maddened by the yells of derisive laughter from behind, and yet not daring to turn on the fierce foe whom 1 they fancied in full pursuit, the Dublin men rushed with headlong speed towards the bridge, little recking that they turned their backs on Drogheda and left its garrison to their fate. Well for them that the mist closed in behind them thick and heavy;' so as to ire vent the possibility of pursiitt—else iad they never reached Dublin With the news of their own disgrace. As it was they effected their- retreat without any loss, leaving the enemy * bloodless victory, and what they well loved, a standing joke in relation to ' the battle of Julians-town/ They had reached Swprds on their way back when, cowering in the' shade of the old round tower* with a view to protect himself from the npw pelting rain, they fpund an individual mounted on a shaggy pony and enveloped from head to waist in the jaany-folded scarf of homemade woollen then generally worn by the lower orders of the native Irish, after the manner of a Higland plaid. This personage, haying his back turned towards them, was wholly unconscious of the approach of; the soldiers till a loud halloo, coupled with the epithet of ' Irish dog,' made him turn his head just as a heavy grasp was laid on his shoulder. The ludicrous mixture of surprise and terror depicted on his lank features made the Palesmen laugh heartily, and well it was for him that he presented so woebegone a spectacle as, to move even the mortified and crest-faUen Wemyss to mirth. . ' What do you here, you pitiful d——If said tjie sergeant whosp clutch was on his shoulders; ' be you a spy or what?' 1 1; , ' • 'Dominus Vobiscum' was the reply— ' no, no, God forgive me for saying the like to—to—ahem,! I'm no .spy, an' it please you, sir!—I'd scorni the like.' 'Where do you come from, then, and who the foul fiend are you—quiok. for we cannot stand here in the rain waiting on such a scarecrow!' This was-from one of the officers. i * I come front M J Mahoh*js country, and if you're curious to know my haime I'll tell you, and welcome—name' is Malachy M'Mahon.' Th'er'6*'S 'another name they give .jhe at home, but thAt's the right one.' •'-•" ''' '.:' " '"'•"• ' M'Mahon's country!' repeated Wemyss, 'why the main's * ibol—what brought you here all ftlonte if ^that be your dwelliag-TJtece'P"* A-trawer me, fellow !' . ,, . . ' Well, it's a Httle Tjusiness I had in Dublin,' said ^talachyi %£%' pould jget there—but dear JqwwP WSWu iJiat mil be, except your worship or.some of /these good-looking scutum- dergs Would be pleased te&irect; me, for I m wandering like a ghost hither -and thitiher iiTsearch of it, and never seems to b^ cS&lng; any nearer! There's it greiii jman'flieM^^that TdwiBjitoJuwea.jvordi^tfc'** : ' >' ' And who nlay tiie ^re^}:' tuan he. you numscullP' '*. / v ! " tDhe first name that ppouwf»d- to Malachy was that of Onnpnd, but loofeily for himself, and 'haps for' the earl, too, he cunningly tshanged his imndv^ I don't know if you kno¥ filing the . keen Monaghanilaa ^pp^lSwt^of Jfe&at; Sir and a great lord besides, at least people say so, down where I come from!' Many of the soldiers laughed outright, but not so Sir Patrick Wemyss. • Why not tell us at first that your business was with him P' he said, shortly. ' Well, because you didn't ask me the question!' 'Take him along,' cried Wemyss, * and march,' an order which was promptly obeyed, for the men were on thorns while they stood, and had they dared would have made short work of the 'd d Irish fool,' as they very erroneously styled Malachy. • Take me along,' echoed M'Mahon ; * why it isn't a prisoner I'd be ?' 'You want to have speech of Sir William Parsons,' said Wemyss sternly. * No more talk, but dome with us.' It would have fared harder with poor Malachy had not Sir Patrick set him down in his own mind as an informer, a class of persons then largely employed and liberally encouraged by the Government. - In. such company, and under such circumstances it was that our friend from Uriel made his entry into Dublin, but he knew Parsons too well by reputation to let the joke go so far as appearing in his presence. Passing under the gioomy arch of one of the city gates, he contrived to detach himself from the soldiers who, confused and ashamed of their ignoble conduct, had little attention to bestow on him. Even Wemyss thought no more of him till he was about to appear himself before the Lords Justices to give an account of his unlucky expedition. It is unnecessary to say that the man from M'Mahon's country was nowhere to be found. Sir Patrick, finding himself thus duped, looked blank enough, but he little thought how often Malachy na Soggarth made merry amongst the clansmen of Uriel over the trick he played on the Sassenach chief, whom he got so cunningly 'to show him the way to Dublin.' (To be continued.) 