Boveltet. OJl, HEIfi OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. CHAPTER XIX. THE C01THT&JSS;> EXUTLN3. By Emma Garrison Jones. The sun had drooped out of sight and the dusky mantle of twilight hung over the Alpine summits, before the Countess of Strathnpey returned to the spot where Colonel Verney awaited her.? ~ The officer was emnkinj fiorcoly and growing desperately impatient, yet his ephinx-liko face was cool mid smiling and hiamanner the voryporfeotionof thorough bred politeness. . . Hβ gave the lady one kemi glance aa she approached him, and made up hie mind that she hud not seen tier husband, and know nothing of his having followed her ; and he concluded not to enlighten her.but to get her on the homeward route and leave her to settle it with- the earl os best she could. . He aighed, and hie eyea,softened aa lie ? looked down on her ff'agila, child-like boauty. How ho had loved her once ! And now ahe had not the p >wer to etir hia heart, eavo with a brottior's tender He was thoroughly in lavo with hia brilliant fiancee, Miss Julia Boroaford, independent of her ten thousand a year. .' : Lord Strathspey was a fool, if he had only been wise enough to know it. Lady Strnthepey's face was flushed and eager, and aho olutohed a little paokago in both hands, as if it were an invaluable treasure. ,"'? . 11 Well, Lady Strathspey," eaid the colonel, os he handed her into the vehiolo, " I trust you have met with Mio cene." . ' ' ' : "The ohild in mine, OolonelVernoy," she replied solemnly, "he has the atrathepey birthmark on hie right orm— he i> my ohild, my babe, that was stolen from mc." "I have no donbt of it, madam, but I'm afraid you'll find it difficult so prove i?," replied thu ; " tho olher.boy, ' yn , .: m;. , hr.i t'-.f> b - > - h-inark, toot" " Vjf, :i ? li'ie ? Poor little boy, I am wry tuud .of him, and he shall always bo ,a my own," "she said, with iraotion; .' ? but my own boy, in the valley yonder. Lord Strathspey's true son, shall be the hair." ?????' '? Bat, ray dear lady," continued tho :. eclonel, M they apod along through tho deepening twilight, "how do you pur ? pose bringing this about? Have you eudioiont proofs to convince your hue bind, and establish the ohild'u claims V" . "1 have the child's clothes." she rniid, | clispin , .; the little package to hor bosom, " tho vitrne he had on when they found him under the milch-goat. Only a plain , clip and a quilted flannel oioak, but I thought I would take them." *'I hope you'll Buccecd, but really it look* very doubtful," responded the praotioul colonel. ? : ' " 1 know it doee ; but will help mc, Colonel Vernoy. Hβ aent mc to my child, Kud 1 ahull look to Providence for help and direction. ( novor will abandon m> , purpO?t), novor while 1 have life and' , roiison. My boy ahull bo his father's hoir, if it, oonts mc my life! and happi . ? jieas." , ' ~ ? . Hor ptilo face glowtd in the twilight, with tho light oJ inspiration end death ; 'less datvi'iiuiiHtion. .-.;?. ?...'.'.: ? '"?Colouel.Verjiey regwdf'd lior with ud ? tniriii}; wondor. ?;.-. . ??'?:::'. ??,'??. I bey your 'pardon, Lady Strathspey," ;he rsW at li'.ttf, |'M>ut I am older than you iiiid;n'iner in expariunce ; allow mc ? - to ndvko you {o Mli-your husband-evory f.hiug m SHVin" a.H y?u meet'him ; concoal ?nn'ut .botwj>on. iiiHii and vcitrt i* like p\ay~ ing'aitJtc-dij'oil viois.-' ' '? Yen," she responded Jibuti want to spare my dear husband all the anxiety and suaponao I can. Aβ soon as I can aeo my wny clear— ~~" ?'.".'. '?..-.; : '; /:'> ' ? ? "But you may cauoo Jhihv far deepor anxiety, iri regard to yourself, in the meantime," interrupted the officer; he may : misconstrue your 'motives and actions." ' ?>'???-? ..-X/ :'.-!' -?? :: . .'???? She turned upon him, her blue eyes blazing in thojgloqm.; :, V': .'..?- .?'?'> i; ? :?.-?, "Misconstriio mv notions? What do you mean; Colonel Verney? My husband does not rniatrusfc mo, would not, under any circumstances. ' How. ; dare you.' in siniiate such' an impossibility: i" , '. \; v "Ibeg your pardon, you will-see one day that I.am right,_and have your wel-. faro at heart. And now, ere we to 2nd lodgings for the night, or to start on our journoyat once.?'.'??.. - . : : , ??' . : ? .".?'."On," start at once by all means," cried: the countess'; we have not a mo ment to lose: I must get home before my husband returns from London. , ' - ? -> -"?oqr thing," sighed thocolonol; "It will bea'?uel blQwl" ; ' They proceeded at onofl into Franco, end, haying eeon her ladynhip safely on Board tho Dover steamer, Colonel Varney" Trent on to Pfirie to see hia aiok friend, wishing in hia inmost heart that his friend had been at the antipodes before h6 aent the meeaage that caused him to start oh suoh an ill-starred journey. : -i... The countess reached Sovenoaks before the arrival of her husband, and found her household all in good ' order, and her guests making themselvos comfortable, . Sho ie\% intensely thankful and oc cupied the following day in making a con cise statement concerning the ohildshe believed to be her own, to be put in the hands of Biv Henry Galbraith, her solici tor. ;?;..??'? .':,.? VV. /' ' ..??'????.'??? ' She was very determined ( ,and very anxious to have the matter investigated at tho earliest moment. - Pondering, over Colonel Verney's ad vice, eheconoludod at last to tell her hue band everything, and if possible to enlist his sympathies and co-operation. But her husbqpd did not return I A week went by! Another followed, and still bo wae absent. . The shooting season was famous, but the earl's friends began to think that their host was treating them rather shabbily, and one by one took thoir flight. The countess grew anxious and tele graphed to London, and, to her utter con sternatinn she learned that thtf earl had not been seen. ~ Sho telegraphed a second time, to his club address, and to hie sister, Lady Novill, with no better success. It was" evident that the earl had not been in London. . The poor wife's anxiety knew no bounds. She forgot her child and every thing else in her fear for the husband loved co well, and was just on the point of starting for London herself to learn what had became of him, when he, all nt once, made hie appearance. Judith met him in the hall, on his .first arrival, and stood still in wonderful hor ror. No grave-yard ghost ever looked more ghastly. Recovering her wits in an instant, and divining that something terrible had bo fallen him, ehe fled like the wind to her lady's chamber. The countess was read ing, or making a pretence to do so, but she looked up as Judith entered. "Well,"what ia it?" eha questioned, setting , in the girl's face that she brought some intelligence.. ????'.. .'?My lady, Lord Strathspey has come." The countess sprang to her feet. '.' Oh, thank Heaven 1" she cried, '.'where ia he 1 Where is my darling husband?" ???.????.';.? = She was about to rush out in search of him in her joy, but Judith caught at hoc arm. ? : ..?...?'?" ? "One moment, my lady," sho im plored, "I.think my—iord is ill—or—or —something has happened—do not go ju?t yot." ? . ..,??' '- ? ?-?. ' ??' . . But the anxious -wife shook ljer off. "? "Iβ ho ill? Stand out of my way, Judith, let mc go to him." She freed herself from tho girl's de taining hands, and turned towards the door again, and there, faoe to face; she I mot her husband. CHAPTER XX. .?'?- /;? PABXED. For the apaoo of a moment they stood silent,, looking into eaoh other's oyea ; the earl's hair disheveled, hie garments soilo 1, and hia face co white and emaciated, th:it his oyea looked out from their sunken sockets like balls of fire. " Oh, Angus, my darling," gasped tho poor wile at last, putting out her tremb ling arms to embrncehira, " what is this 1 what has ohanged you so 1 " The sound of hor voice seemed to rou?o him into an iiiaane fury. Ha hurled her back, when she would have clapaed his nook with a force that sent her reeling to tho other side of tho room. "Don't coma noar mo again, don't touch mc," he burst out, panting for breath in his anger and weakness, "-or I shall forget that you ?re' a woman, and the mother of my children. What has ohanged mo? Do you know, can you know, can you guess; fnlso, fair-faced de ceiver '( What could mako a man what I am to-day, but the thameful deceit and troaohory of h\n wife ? " The poor countess shivered with terror, bolieviog that hnr husband was utterly inoano. She retreated into a corner of the room, and put forth her !mud. to. grasp tho bell-rope. But ho dnrted up-; [on her like a wild beast, and seizing hor 'by the shoulders forced hor down 'into a. ?eat." '?:''?'? " ? '? ? ? ; '.-. ; ' "??' " Don't Bhivor and tromble, poor, guilty ooward," ho cried,- standing, over her withhla white, awful.face, " I'll not harm you—l couldn't do that—l couldn't harm a hair of your head, although you have dragged mc and my proud' name down into the duet, and inado , mc an alien and an outcast for oil time to come. ,, 3 "Angus!" - .'???* Silence! I won't hear one word from your false lips! Listen to what I have to cay, for after this hour I nevor mean to look upon your face again—you have broken my heart—the heart that loved you," ho continued, with a sudden out burst of teiiderne?a." ;:: 'Oh, Marguerite, how ooald you, how could you play mc false?" -.;. ??..?.- Ho sunk into a seat, and burying hie fuco in his liandt<, shook and si-hod liko a child in his weakness. Mis wife aroso, and croeping to hie oido, stole her arms about his nook; but thoir soft touch 6B?m?d to madden hip. : " No, no!" he oried, ofE again; -" I'm notlo be cajoled'nor da-, ceived.any longer. That time's past. You deceived mc in the very' hour J made you toy wife..; You belonged to,him thenl You were tho mother of his: child 1 And now, the. moment he comes back frony India, you fly to hie arms. False,; aban donod, shamelesswoman!" ;: ? '.??''.':^ ;".: . Some little comnrehension of the. trite, cause of her husband V apparent insanity, began, to dawn upon the bewildered mind of the countess. She- arose, -her lithe, Blender figure atleast teller, ?' fiery; spot kindling oi?: each waxon cheek, and her blue eyes beginning to blaze and glitter. ?.:,? .????-?: ???'.,? :???'.' :: '-\\- -".Lord Strathspey," aha said, her voice icily.calm,- "you are my husband, but you shall not Insult'me !' ? ,' . : ? The earl broke into a mooking laugh. '?:?}.' Insult youl" he cried, bitterly. : " You,. wbo taking advantage of your Iroeband's absence, no strolling out of England with your oidlover.- You didn't think I; lowed you, nadsm? I did-though, I caw you sitting under the old otk crying over "your illegitimate con, I know now why you have alwayo treated my son with gT.\c_& unwomanly Indifferenoo. I was within Ketone's ifirow'of you oil the time, and saw your gallant colonel awaiting you in the coppice.- False, false woman I I believe now that you were cognizant of the disappearance of my babe on the night of hia birth.. You wanted no other son beside your pet Tyrol." Lady Strathspey stood like marble, nevor answering a word. ?'; "I can understand now," continued tho earl, the whole thing- seeming to grow clearer and indisputable, " why yon were co anxious to travel, and why you sent so many packages to your brother in India. Brother,.indeed! What' a blind fool I have been! But my eyes are open how. For two weeks and over I have been lying at; death's, door in the Tyrol. . I should hare died, I thinkj but for my children. I could not leave them to their shamelessmother," he went on. "I am here now to make my final arrangements. I shall give tham, my boy and girl, I mean, to Lady Neville,'ray sistor, with the understanding that you are never to set eyes on them again. Day after to morrow I shall meet your gallant colonel, and put a bullet through his howrt; and then I shall leave England forever. I shall leave you an annuity sufficient to koop you from want," he added, turning back in the doorway ; : "and from this hour I hope never to hear your name, or look upon your face again, neither in this world, nor in the world to cornel " : Hβ strode out, with one backward glance, and that glance behrld her, still' standing erect and statue-like, her face all aglow with outraged innocenpe, her clear, sinless eyes full of fiery indignation, ?yet melting with tonderneas for the hus band who had so foully wronged her. And in the after years of his wander [ ings—and bitter, remorseful years they wero—the remembrance of her face aa he list saw it haunted the earl like an aveng ing Nemosia. ~ CHAPTER XXL LAST HOUKS, There are some calamities that strike us dumb and powerless, like the light ning- shaft. When Lady Strathspey heard her husband's footsteps ringing down the oaken stairway, Bhe sank down upon the carpet, and resting her forehead on her folded arms, sat in a stupid, senseless torper, half unconscious of the great calamity that had befallen her. In that condition Judith found her, when, after waiting for houftj to be sum moned, niid unuble to repress her anxiety, ehe entered her lndy'a room unbidden, and all efforts on tho girl's part, to rouso her proved ineffectual. In her fright, Judith summoned Blre. Colonel Chudleigk, and she, in her turn, summoned the family' physician. But he shook his head, nlraoat as eooii us hia eyoa roatod on the white, frozen face. '? The disease was beyond his skill, he could do no more than administer a simple'stimulanti But toward night, of her own will, tho countess . roused up. Very white, and still, and silent, shii remained, but shn was clear-l'.endad and conscious, and be gan at once to make her arrangements foi leaving Sevenoaks. Her husband had cast her oil', and she dolermined to repair at once to her own castle, known as Aukland Oaks; she was too proud in her injured innocence to make one' effort toward clearing horeolf in hie eyes, or regaining his confidence and affection. " Wβ shall set out early in the morning, Judith," she said, quiolly,' "and I want you to make all necessary arrangements ; that is," she added, with a wav smile, "if you intend to stand by mc now, in my hour of trial!" The girl buret into tears. ; "My dear, dear lady," she sobbed, " how can you doubt mc ?" ????'? ? "I do not doubt you, Judith," returned tin) countess, '' I trust you ; you are my uno true friend and helper in all the world." . . ,;? The following orning found every thing in readiness. The countoss brenk fastod in.herown apartments. Her trunks stood out in tho hall, her private carriage ivae ordered. She made her explanations to-Mre. Oolonol Chiidleigh, and charged her with tho task of excusing her to *Jia few guosts still remaining. v Only one tank remained to her before she went out from her husband's homo forovor. She must bid adieu to her children. Oh, bitter, bitter task I Tho poor mother put it off till the very km moment. Her husband had decroud that they; should be given to Lady Neville's eh urge, and they wore to go duwn to Lon don that very aftornoon, in tho care of Lord Strathspey's notary. Ho woe lord and master of all, and nothing remained for but to submit and oboy. ?. ? She crowed tho hall with tottering stops, and tapped' at tho nursery door. Tho Dundas woman opened it. Lady Pearl and her brother had just finished ?their breakfast, " O, mamma." cried Pearl, "you,are going down to -London, too t I'm so glad! Lol? said you waen't but you will go I" Tlio countess drov tho child to her bosom and signed to tho nurse to ioavo tho room. Sho oboyod, with a strange glitter in her dnsky eyes. " Mamma cannot go to -London now," tho poor mother begen, choking down the aching mioury a* her heart; " but Lady Pearl ahull go, and stay ijwhilo with Aunt Noville." ' ...? ' :; .: ? , ~.?:?;"' . . "I don't want to go : without you, mamma.'" ' " But you must, ciy darling. Mamma ia obliged to go on a iourney now;, brother Angus will go with you; and ? papa wil.":; come 300 a; and you'll see the groat city, andhavo Bo]r?any pretty things, and play with Cousin Yiotoria, ond. Aunt ..Neville 'will be very kind, to you. I, .':'?'.. v ' .The child grew.eotnewhat; psoifiediand the young, heir stood passive, his light, ?opaque eyes ;expressive of neither one. tMng prthe otheri ; r' ; . . : ?.?"'?;.' '-VVv! -.The countene arose, feeling that in;: a j few, momonts her strength 'and'fortitude wquhi giveaway. ; She turned to the! boy., first, and , took both of his sallow cheeks in her hands. ;...?'?'.?.?, .'. , .?.'?.?.???''" ? . ? ??'.'; ?;: ?'? ?'-?? "Good-bye, Angus,"she said kissing him repeatedly j "in the years to come you shall suffer no wrong at my hands. H n avon bless you/ , j. ; ; The.hoy received the embrace as he did oyerything olse, with passive indiffer ence. But little Marguerite sobbed ond clung to her mother in passionate grief. - . "My darling, niay Heaven keep yon from harm," murmured tho countess. Then, with ono last convulsive ombraco, she tore hersolf away. ? She had parted from hor children, perhaps forever. Yet her step was firm, and her bearing like, that of an outraged queen, S3 she travoraed the long corridor, passing the apartments in which her husband ?md bis lawyer eat, the doors double-loqked.^ Judith awaited Her in the hall, and the carriage was at the door. She entered it, and without one. backward glance, passed out from, the grand, old manor, and under the branches of the giant oaks, on her way to the home of her childhood-rft die graced and discarded wife! ' ?"?'?-?? Aa she rolled along in the ' yellow, autumn sunlight, a oudden remembrance of that awful morning, when the strange apparition appeared before her, osahe eat under thegreat rock at Strathspey Towers, flashed across her mind. ? - > "Toil shall be robbed of your titles and grandeur, an outcast, scorned by your husband, and derided by the world 1 s "'"" Ah, Heaven," she murmured, " how fearfully the terrible prediction has been fulfilled I What merciless fate is pursuing mo 1 What in all my life have I ever done, that all this woe and desolatson should come upon no?" '. . - , In'the meantime, the Earl of Strathspey was making his final preparations! * Everything had been arranged between him and Colonel Gilbert Vernoy, who was then at his sister's residence, only o short distance from Sovenoaks. ! The seconds had settled all the prelimi nares, and the deadly mooting was to take place on tho following ? morning at sun rise,; at a spot known as Willow- Ridge, a secluded place some seven or eight miles distant. ' '''.;? ,: ?" . Lord Strathspey knew well enough that tho chances against him 1 were two to one. His adversary was a cool, strong-nerved man, an old soldier, and a dead shot. There was little hope-that ho would escape with his life ! And in view of this state of things, ho was engaged throughout ?tho day in closing up his earthly account!), and making ready for death and eternity. And calmly enough he did it, for, in that hoar, Angus, Earl of Strathspey, with all his wealth and honors, waa not much in love with life. He made hie will, providing handsomely for, his daughter, and leaving eveything "else to his ?on and heir, eavt an annuity to hie late countess, and five thousand pounds to bo deposited in the bank to the order of Judith Ford. His two children, he left in charge of his sister, appointing her hue band, Sir Marshall Neville, en guardian and executor. . . '.'.-? This done, in hie silent, and desolate home, he sat down and waited for the alow hours of the autumn night to wear away, and the morrow dawn, which, in all probability, would make him a murderer, in the same moment that it sent his guilty soul into the presenoa of Ms Maker. ;? . ?;. ' ? ..? ...,..' ? ? ?..- , (to nB cowtihubd) r 