TASMANIA.N DEPENOES .- GENERAL EDWARDS'S REPORT. '' (BY iSLBOTBIO TELEGRAPH.) , . '..; :,;i.. .-.I.-. . HOBART. Oct. 18. The- report '- of Major-General- Edwards, who' recently visitad thiB colony to inspect its provision for defence purposes, was again laid on tho table' of the Houae of -Assemhly to-day by the Treasurer, and was then placed at the disposal of the press. ?The Major-General says, addressing the Governor of the colony— The result of my inspection leads me to conclude that the local forces are not in a satisfactory state, and that little reliance can be placed upon them as a means -of defence. They would be able to -man the works for the. defence _ of : Hobart, but if an enemy succeeded in landing a few hundred ?' man in any 'of the bays or harbours within a day'B march' of the capital, there' would be nothing to prevent his turning the batteries and capturing the city. The material of which the forces are composed is very good, and if properly organised a reliable force maybe created. The authorised establishment of the' forces is as follows : — Permanent Artillery, 27 j Volunteers — LaunceBton Artillery, 1UU ; jaowaru, £tct\\-\ i ui^tiuu vuip, i«j Tasmania!* Rifle Regiment, 320 j Laun ceston Rifles, 282, including band of 21 men. In each battalion there is a Cadet corps, 120 j rifle olubs, 1500; total 2644. The actual' strength is, how ever, much below this establishment, and two battalions of rifles could only muster 179 officers and men for inspection. The voluntoor system was previously tried in Tasmania, and as it was not found, to answer a partially paid system was' introduced. This beine found expensive the volunteer system was again tried, with the result that the local forces are again in an unsatisfactory condition. A return to the partially paid system becomes neces sary if an economical and reliable force is to be established. Tho reeanfc formation of rifle clubs throughout the island is a movement of great importance. Provided sufficient cadres are formed to draft men into, a force can readily be organised sufficient for your present requirements. To create these cadres, two rifle battalions should form one regiment, and become a Tasmanian regiment, one of it3 battalions being at Hobart, and the ?other at Launceston. The battalions Bhouldba 300. strong, and each consist of four companies. The . strength of the regiment on the peace establishment will be 600 officers and men, and in time of necessity it can be made up from the rifla clubs to 2000, and .with tho Artillery, mounted riflcB, etc., would form a field force of 2500 men, which could bo rapidly concentrated on a given point for the protection of the island. Without mounted troops tho field force would be liable to be surprised, be cause you would have no means of gaining information of the enemy'B movements, nor could you delay his advance. The field Artillery should _.be- sseparated from the Garrison Artillery, and be formed 'into a battery of eight guns, four at Hobart and four at Launceston; ' A small company of engineers, and the nucleus for the medical commissariat and transport services should be established. The strength of the local forces' would then be— Permanent force, 27 ; partially paid force— Garri- son Artillery 3 batterieB, 3 at Hobart, »nd 1 at Launcestouj 160 submarine miners: one company of CO j total, 247. Theso would bo formed into ' fortress corps' for defence works, the remainder being a field force, viz., — Partially paid battory of artillery, 120; company of ongineers, 30 ; four companies of mounted infaotry, 160 ; Tasmanian regiment, 600 ; medtoal commissariat and transport, 55 ; total, 965. Volunteers— Rifle clubs, 1500. ?lhe annual camps of instruction should on no account be given up, as without theso camps the- troops cannot bo trained. Each alternate year tho whole of the force should be brought together, andbattalions made up as strong as possible from the rifle clubs. DEFENCES. The' defences of Hobart are in good order'; and they would protect the city from hnml-iiirdrnpnt bv an enemv's cruiser, bub this cannot be until the : Garrison Artillery and Submarine Mining Corps are amalgamated. My opinion was asked as to the construction of additional defences of Hobart further down the harbour. On account of the widthof the channel at this point batteries would have to be armed with powerful guns and supported by a very ?considerable mine field. Looking to tho great expense which it would involve and the necessity of in«rea»in g expenditure upon the local forces, I recommend that these works be postponed until tho local forces were made efficient. ? . ? Nothing has yet been, dono tor tne defence of Launceston, and steps should be taken to construct and arm the small work, proposed at Brown's Bluff. ? The defence of both the Derwent and Tamar would be greatly strengthened by the provision of first-class torpedo boats for each.. They would not only deter any enemy's cruiser from entering the rivers, but they would also protect the coast for some distance on both sides of the entrance. I Would therefore recommend' these floating' defences in preference to batteriis.becauae they would be a more economical means of defence; r - - ? - ' My attention was called . to the cost of the staff of the Defence Force.- ' The de tailed estimate as submitted to Parliament is' misleading,' because ? all the' permanent officers.: are included- under the libad ^f; ' permanent staff,' and this gives- thfe impression that the Btaff is excessive.' .'. The only staff officers are the commandant' and his ad-jutanfc, and the latter also commands the Permanent Artillery. The cost of the staff appears to be about JE950 a year. TLb . other officers are commanding officers, and ; their pay and that of the instructors should be shown with the part of theforce to which they belong. It is not necessary to.pay an officer ^6300, and also an instructor .£180 ' a year to tako charge of a small submarine mining defence. An officer might com mand the amalgamated corps of artillery and submarine miners, and beeome respon sible for the combined defence. The number of rifles should be increased to 4000, with 600 rounds of ammunition to. a rifle. The ammunition for tho:guns'in the batteries is sufficient, but ? tho '.field artillery should be provided with 400 rounds per gun. . Theae proposals summarised in the order of their relative importance' would be — 1. All troops (except the ' Permanent Force and rifle clubs) to bo raised on tha partially-paid system. 2. The Ta»mamian arid Launceston Rifle Battalions to become a Tasmanian regiment with one battalion at Hobart, and the second at Launceston. Each battalion to be 300 strong with four companies. 3. Four companies of mounted infantry, a battery of fi*ld artil lery, aad a small company of ? engineers to be. 'raised. 4. The Garrison Artillery and Submarine Mining Corps to be. amal- gamated, o. rne urown xsiun 10 ,oe defended. 6. The removal of the test room for mine defence to the Queen's Battery. . ' ? . In conclusion; I would strongly impress upon your Government that battariei and fortifications are of little value unless they are supplemented by. a proper field force to prevent their being turned. COLONEL L»aOE's MKMOBAVDDM. . Th« following memorandum, was for warded 'by ' the Commandant, ..Colonei Legge : — -,...?» . Headquarter's Offioe, Uob&rt;, October 15, 18S9. Sir,— I have tho honour to forward the approximate estimate of the reorganisation of tha forces on tbe partially paid system, m recommoaded by Major-General Edwards, and whibh wa» called for last evening by the denire of ttio hon. the Premier. I forbear to ranke ««» «*--»? mnn4- nr\nn fit a 1'Anni*fc ? PKlftTlfc t-O remark that from the Geuernl's, comments to mo on the drill of the Defence Force, I am well awaro that /tho words, ' Not in a satis factory stata,' refer to the organisation and small numbers, and not to the training and drill.— I have tho honour to_ bo, your obedient servant, W. V. Lf.gge, Commandant. '; P.S.— Ic will bo observed that the numbers proposed for the defence of the colony are those prooiaely proposed by uie, and which have been authorised by the existing aoto and regulations issued Binoe 1885, viz., defenoe force, 1200 ; country rifle olubi, 1500. The approximate oost of a partially paid fotoe, including the coat of oaraps (calculated on the basis of the South, Australian pay) would be :— Estimate of annual expenditure— untmal pay £6 per annum for privates, oost of men £7110 ; extra for ;non commiBBioned oflioorB, say £400. ? , ofviobks. : Five majors at X30, £160. Fourteen oaptainB , at w820, £280 ; 20 lieu tenants, at £15, £4B0. / '.:'''??- One Burgeon-major, at £30, JG30. . Three surgeons, at £20, JB60. .'..:'. : ? ' ' .' Commanding uffioer of infantry, : adjutant acting ai brigade-major, £300. , . ? '- Commanding fortress, oorpi artillery and tub-marine mioerB, £300. ' , ? Seven inBtruotori, at E15U, Uiuoy. . , , Total, £10.530. Permaaent Artillery, £2400. '. . Commandant, atarf olerk, and moiaenger, jE700 : ' '?' ' * - v-'''r' ?? ';''* MUcellnneous, and oost of ammunition; artil lerj and infantry, £2200. ; j. ., ? ?..-.: ?' ^.,, ... .. ? ...... . ?? . : Oontingoncie», total, £640; ? ?? ? - ? ? ????? Oapltation, »t fall strength, 1200 men at £1 lbi, £2lO0-£18,57O. ?..-??? . : . Allowances, £420. ? Camp rations, £300 for 1600 men. . ..- ; „ . Incidental transport, £150. ' 450 capitation country rifle olubs, 1500 men at £1, £1500. ',. ..-: Total, £20,940. ' , . Out of this, with laving* for non-efficient and non-paymont for corps under atrongth, about £17,000 would bo spent annually, Tha Main Line of railway has bson taken in the above oaloulations aa tho Government lino. Note. — In oaso tbia scheme cannot be entor talnod this Botnion, I would recommend a small aura for training in daylight for the Lnun ceston Artillery, Tasmdnian Riflo Kcgimont, and Lannccston Riflo Kogiment, amounting to £450 ; and a divisional camp, the coat of whioh would bo, with tha pay at Gs for 500 men of the Dofonce Force, £950. Tho cott of a olaas of inutruotion for 30 days for 30 officers, and non-o immiteioneil offioora and country rifle corps 100, £1000. In his roport to the Victorian Govern ment, Major-General Edwards, has fully explained his views regarding the pro posed organisation of the military forces of the Australian colonies. Briefly sum marised hisproposals are : — 1. Federation of the forces. 2. An officer of the rank of Lieutenant-General to be appointed ; to advise and inspect in peace, and'eommand in. war.. -3. A uniform system of organisa tion and armament, and a common Defenee Act. 4. Amalgamation of the permanent forces into a ' fortress corps.' 5. A fedorol military oollege for tho education of the officers. 6. The extension of rifle clubs. 7. A uniform gauge for the rail ways. 8. A federal small-arm manufac tory, gun wharf, and ordnance store. ' If the Australian colonies had to rely at any time solely on their own resources, they would offer such a rich and- tempting prize that thoy would certainly be called upon to fight for their independence, and isolated as Australia would be, without a proper Bupply of arms and ammuni tion, with forces which cannot atpngint be considered efficienfin comparison with any moderately trained army, and without ?any cohesion or power of combination for mutuul, defence amongst ths different colonies, its position would be one of great danger. Looking to the state of nffairs in Europe, and to the fact that 'it is tho unforeseen which happens in war, the de fence' forces should at once be placed on a proper footing j but this is, however, quite impossible without a federation of the forces of the different colonies. On a peace footing, the intercolonial brigade he sug gests would be composed of about 2000 men. When mobilised for war, this brigade could be quickly expanded to 3000 men, and, a reasonable time being allowed, even to as .much ;aa 5000 men of all arms. The forc'es:of Queensland and South Australia can' readily supply a brigade each j and, calculated on the basis of popu lation, ?'. New South Waloa and Vic toria'^ /ought to supply three bri gades oach, which would give eight brigades among the cblonios. To do this, ?? however, New South Wales and Victoria would have to ra organise their infantry, and increase their partially-paid forces. If they do not feel inclined to do tliia at the present moment, they can, in the first instance, organise tlisir forces into two brigades, without additional expenditure, leaving the third brigade to be established at aa early date. He regards the isolated position of Port Darwin and of Tasmania as a standing menace. The cable will cer tainly be interfered with whilst we are at war with a naval powor, but if Port Darwin was protected by two or three guns and a small force, a fast steamer could shelter there, and be employed in keeping up eom munication . through Singapore with the outside world. The interests of the whole continent therefore demand that the rail ways to connect Port Darwin and Western Australia with the other colonies should be made as soon as possible. . Major-General Edwards does not blink the fact (says the Melbourne Daily T«Z-- grapli) that ' some additional expenditure '. will be necessary to carry out his proposals; but on thiB point he reminds us that, while England spends one-third of her revenue on defence, and while even tbe United States of America spends one-sixth of theira, Australia doe3 not spend at pre sent more than one-fortieth. And he ^further declares that ' combined action for defence would be more economical, and far more effective than th.0 present system of purely local defence.' And really it needs no ghost to come from the grave, nor. major-genoraia xroiu .uuug oi.uug, tu convince us of that. 