Our contention that the duration of Parliament should be shortened lias ' received abundant confirmation of late. The > present Assembly, even in its iirst session, is completely demoralised, and instead of adjourning for a recess ought to be sent to the country. Tho fault primarily is that of the Government, which has intro duced a system of influencing members by various considerations, and by their servile support virtually ruling the country in an arbitrary way, , just as if Victoria had sunk to the level of one of the South American Republics. The more the matter of the additional estimates has been discussed tho more glaringly the improper proceedings connected witli them appear. It was openly stated lost night that a number of members were induced by Minis terial supporters to go to a celebration at Camperdown on Thursday under a promise that no important business would bo brougbt forward without notice, and tlic occasion was taken advantage of to introduce additional Estimates, some of the items of which represent jobs of a very gross character. It was open to any hon. member on Thursday to Tiuvc stopped the progress of tho Estimates, . and thus allowed time for reconsideration, hut Mr. Gillies implored the opponents of the Speight vote to allow the resolutions to ho reported, with the understanding that an opportunity would bo allbrded when the Appropriation Aet was in traduced of reconsidering any debatable item. This compromise was accepted, aud strong feeling was shown lost night when the Premier objected to any departure from the usual practice of accex>t- ing the Appropriation Bill as the matured decision of tho Committee of Supply, and passing it as a matter of form. It thus became necessary for the Government to supplement the trick of Thursday by another trick oil Tuesday. The House, however, insisted upon tho compact being adhered to, and tlic Government was compelled lo give some explanation of the curious items appearing on the Sup plementary Estimates. The explanation in- most cases was lame and impotent. The only point made in connection with the grant to Sir William Robinson wus that lie was turned ont of Government House to enable repairs to bo effected, and that the colony was bound to provide tho Acting-Governor with another residence. But there was no pretence that the vote of £2000 represented the rent of such a resi dence. Mr. Gillies, indeed, tried to per suade the House that the expenditure of a considerable sum in connection witli tho vice-regal office was a splendid investment for the colony, inas much as distinguished visitors attracted to the colony would be entertained at Government House. This is quite in the spirit of the colonial Con servative, who seems to love a lord, as dearly as any old fashioned Eng- lishman. The aristocratic globe trotters who escape hotel bills by quarter ing themselves on the Governor are not the people who bring capital or enterprise into the country, and there is no reason whatever why they should be maintained at the co3t of the taxpayers. It is amusing to find that a man who was so obstinately opposed to a grant to Sir Charles Darling for services rendered to the country can defend gratuities to other Governors who have rendered no services at all. But Mr. Gillies, who has boon able to secure the support of Mr. Bent, and to make an ardent ally of Mr. Munro, who naturally "thought the vote a proper one" which was to bring such a distinguished customer to the Grand Coffee Palace, was not to bo stopped in his benevolent career. Touching thoYan Yean syndieatescandal, Mr. Gillies's explanation was as unsatisfac tory as it could possibly bo. The Govern ment had agreed to pay for tho land only tho cost price to tho vendors, and therefore those gentlemen had not beon favored in the slightest degree. This was disingenuous. It is well known that theBent syndicate bought this land in the boom period at boom prices, for the special purpose of reselling it to theGovernmont at an enormous advance, the inducement to purchase being the fear that the land would be used so as to pollute the Yan Yean reservoir. Tho price demanded in tho first instance was £125 an acre, and when, under pressure of public opinion, the Government refused to pay the black mail, the estate became a white elephant in the hands of the syndi cate, which was unable to realise at any thing like the sum it had paid. The Government have now removed the embarrassment of those speculators by relieving them of their responsibilities by taking over the land at five times its intrinsic worth. Ib is quite useless for Mr. Bent to create a dust about him by raging against this journal. Ilis "Speight "vote" on Thursday last, in defiance of his previous fiercely worded opposition to it, will still bo associated in tho public mind with tho purchase of the Yan Yean land, and nothing that lie can say will prevent it. The arguments advanced against the augmentation of the salaries of the Rail way Commissioners were unanswerable. It would defeat the purpose of the Railway Commissioners' Act by making tho Com missioners susceptible to political influ ence, and it was an unconstitutional proceeding to vary the terms of an Act of Parliament by a vote on the Estimates. Quite wonderful wero the contentions on the Ministerial side. Such members as Mr. Andrews and Mr. Mason tried to run with the liaro and hunt with tho hounds by declaring that the mode of increasing the salaries of the Commis sioners was as bad as could possibly be, but that they would vote for the proposals because they wero included in tho Appro priation Bill, and it was unusual to amend that measure. It was evident that this was the cuo given by the Government to its supporters on both sides of the House — for, strangely enough, this Government can command support from Opposition members as well as from those ou its own side. A strong feeling will be excited in the country by the decision of the House last night to in crease tiie Railway Commissioners' salaries in defiance of the opinion of the country and in violation of thepledges of hon. members to their constituents. The number who voted in favor of the increase by a curious coinci dence is identical with that of the gaggers under the M'Culloch rigime,, and it would not be surprising if 'they should bo marked men at the next election under the style of the Forty Thieves. It may bo hoped that as that is perhaps two years distant tho incident may he forgotten in tho meantime ; but it for tunately happens that the necessity for voting the extra allowance year by year will keep it fresh iu the memory of the electors who have been openly sold by their representatives. The present Government has enjoyed seven years of office, and tho time has come for asking what services it has rendered to the public. Its practical legislation has been almost nil, nearly eveiy important measure it has beon urged to bring in having been either indefinitely postponed, or, liko tho Health Bill, revolutionised at the instance of outside in fluence, without regard to Parliament at all. It has wasted the public funds by lavish grant's to its friends in all directions, and lias even had the effrontery to push through the Assembly an Education Endowment Bill, the principal purpose of which was to bestow pay and privilege upon a select number of members of Parliament. Fortunately, the Legis lative Council has hod the good sense to strike out the most objectionable clauses of that measure. The Forest Bill was abandoned at the instance of a few saw mill owners who had votes in Par liament, and tho Metropolitan Board of Works Bill was shelved for some reason not disclosed, although such a measure was essentially necessary to the effectual check ing of the ravages of typhoid and diph theria. That the services of tho present Ministry for its last term of office have been valueless might have been forgiven, but the public is not likely to pardon the demoralisation of Parliament and the degradation of public life whi'ch have for sonio time been . going on under its auspices. Some surprise will doubtless bo expressed by those who studied tho financial state ment delivered by the Treasurer on the 30th of July last at the rapidity with which matters have been allowed to drift into a most unsatisfactory position. - At the former date Mr. Gillies dilated at consider able length on the almost unprecedented condition of the public account. " The " excollent story of 1888" was surpassed by the revenue results of 1889, whilst wo opened the financial year with q credit balance of no less than £1,704,840. Surely no previous Treasurer's path had boen made apparently so smooth. The Government coffers were overflowing with money. All immediate and anticipated expenses were stated to be provided for, and the result of tho Treasurer's calculations indicated that tho present finan- cial year should close with a balance of £85,045. Unfortunately, three months have entirely changed the position. Our heavy surplus, apparently, has induced enormous, if uot profligate, expenditure ; and to-day we have to face the unplea sant task of making, at tho end of the session, financial arrangements to avoid something like a suspension of public works. The expenditure for the first quarter of the financial year amounted to no less than £4,403,994, which, debited against the revenue received for that period, has reduced the magnificent surplus with which we opened July to £142,497. It is stated that during the period referred to the Government has been called upon to pay unusually large sums, which will not recur again this year ; but if those payments were not foreseen in July last, there is of course tho possibility that between the present date and tho close of the finan cial year calls as urgent may have to bo made on the Consolidated Revenue. For instance, under the head of Railways we find that the expenditure for the first quarter of tho financial year amounts to no less than ,,,£1,092,000, whilst for public works another £430,000 lias been I paid away. Looking at tbo provisions made for future expenditure in both these directions, it is impossible to avoid tho apprehension that the outlay under these two heads will increase instead of diminish ing as the year advances. Of course it is intended that such outlay shall be provided for by loan, but tho proceeds of a further issue of Yictorian bonds in the London market will not be availablo for at least tlireo, if not four mouths, nnd in the meantime our financial position must continue to he highly unsatisfactory. And this will ho nioro readily .understood when it is stated that not only have the Treasurer's credits been nearly exhausted, but moneys which represent tho Funds Held in trust by the Government have beon allocated to meet the wants of the hour. That the financial position of' the country is sound and strong is not for a moment doubted, but the absolute want of care or skill shown in dealing with the expenditure cannot bo too strongly denounced. Either the Treasurer did not know on the 30th of July last what tho immediate future had in store, or ho concealed its possibilities from Parliament. Thero can ho no deny ing the fact, however much the Government may desire to gloss tho matter over, that our finances have been muddled, and expenditure recklessly incurred with out due provision being made in advance to meet it. A now Loan Bill is to be proposed, and will doubtless bo satisfactorily placed on tho London market, but care should be taken by Parliament to insist that the objects for which ib is mised shall not only he clearly defined, but that steps shall at onco be taken to place our public account 'and trust funds in tho position they should never have lost. The new dispute of tho Fire Brigades is simply the old one revived. A year or two ago the Insurance Companies Brigade and the organisations working inliarmony with it in extinguishing Melbourne fires found themselves compelled to resist the encroachments of the National Associa tion, which mixed up the business of fire suppression with political intrigue, and sought to effect sinister ends by the help of complaisant members of Parliament. The National Association comprised a large number of representatives of country brigades, but its leading spirits were Messrs. Manger and Judd. When the managers of the insurance companies and the city authorities had clearly demon strated that they would tolerate no inter ference in metropolitan fire brigade arrange ments on the part of provincial delegates, the National Association was split into two, and a moiety, termed tho Metro politan Association, was commissioned to do battle against Mr. Superin tendent Stein and liis combination. The leading spirits of tho newly baptised body were still Messrs. Mauger and Judd. Whon flagrant instances of disorganisation occurring at perilous fires, in consequence of the lack of a recognised central authority, had aroused public indignation, negotiations for a compromise wore entered upon, and after a time it appeared u3 if there was a prospect of an amicable settlement. It .was duly agreed that the position of Mr. Superin tendent ' Stein, as director of fire brigade operations at any conflagration where lie was present, should be admitte'd, while on tho other hand it was conceded that Mr. Manger should be appointed president of an amalgamated association. After much controversy, the whole of the brigades within the metropolitan area con curred in the formation of a body to be called the United Metropolitan Fire Brigade Association. Mr. Manger was, as stated, to be president of this body, but when it was found that .Mr. Judd was likewise to re-appear as secretary, with a strong probability that the hulk of the committeemen would he members of tho same clique, it was scarcely surprising that the brigades which mainly undertake the onerous duty of protecting tho city against fires should liavo drawn back. The alteration of the name of the association could bo of littlo valuo if its executive remained almost unchanged. Tho Melbourne and Suburban Association Iia3 throughout worked in harmony with the Insurance Companies' committee, and has devoted itself more assiduously to business than to decoration and demonstration. Unless there was a reasonable prospect of this body, with Superintendent Stein as its director, obtaining a fair share of tho control of the proposed amalgamation, it was bettor for it to retain its distinctive autonomy. It is idle to discuss the devious processes by which it came about that tho United Metropolitan Association was simply to be a revivification of the Metropolitan' 'and the National. The fact is clear. Mr. Superintendent Mauger and Mr. Secretary Judd have bobbed up at every turn liko tho cards in the paek of a conjuror which ho is forcing upon a mystified selector. The brigades are iu conflict onco more, and are likely to continue at loggerheads until coerced by the Jupiter of the Treasury. This renewed strife should lend emphasis to tho reasonable complaint of tho public against the extraordinary dilatoriness of the Government in grappling with the question of Fire Brigade organisation and support. Victoria liiis lagged behind the othor colonies in legislating on this subject, aud to all appearances will continue to lag. The end of another session has arrived, and the long promised Fire Brigade Bill once more plunges into the waste paper basket. We are reputed to have a powerful Executive aud a docile Parliament, yet one practical measure after another makes merely an abortive cntranco on tho political scene aud passes into the limbo of departed shades. Tho procession has grown longer than tho line of ghosts that elicited tho cry of wrathful impatience from Macbeth. The public must ere long begin to ask — "What is the use of a strong coalition Government if nothing comes of it in the shape of much needed legislation ? Carlylesaid of a certain inoperative Britisli Administration — " Tho utmost strain of " their power seems to bo to keep them- " selves one day more in their pleasurable " places; that exhausts them." We must leave Mr. Gillies and his colleagues to discern how far similar censure is applicable to them. If Dr. Youl keeps count of the number of easily preventible fatalities he has been called upon in his capacity as coroner to investigate, lie must be in posses sion of some remarkable statistics, and yesterday's inquest will add to the list one of its most flagrant items. The City Baths in Swanston-strcet might have been expected to constitute the safest place for bathing that could bo selected, but a poor fellow named King lost his life there on Sunday afternoon in a way that cau only bo described as astounding. He sprang oil' tho diving board into about 5 feet of water, and the sudden cold shock scetns to liavo brought on a fainting fit that rendered him Jncapable of helping himself. There wero about 20 visitors to tho baths at tho time, and two men who could swim went to his assistance, but as his clutch was dragging them down felt compelled to let go their hold. Incredible- as it sounds, the lessee of the baths could nob swim. Tho one accomplish ment that a man in his position needed he lacked. Yet more incredible, there was nob a lifo buoy in the place, or auy appa- ratus for rapidly recovoring ft sinking body. The only practical means of getting at the drowning man was by emptying tho bath, a process which occupied fifteen minutes -in the performance. King was dead when his body was recovered, and lionce this latest call upon the Borvices of the City Coroner. The jury found the deceased had been accidentally drowned, and wo .suppose if another man were drowned in tho same way to-morrow it would also bo accidental, so long as it is hold that tho keeper of the baths and tho city authorities who lease tliem are not bound to prevent such accidents. One point in the evidence given by tho lesseo is peculiarly noteworthy. He stated that there were several attendants to look after the patrons of the place, but being Sunday thoy wore all off duty. We have previously had occasion, in connection with accidents on the trunk lines of railway, to comment on the fatuous notion that seemB to prevail in somo quarters that the fact of its being Sunday -supplies a valid excuse for inefficiency or neglect. There ought to bo a distinct understanding that wherover the work of tho world is being done, no matter upon what day, the usual precautions for tho safe performance of the work must bo taken. The deduction to bo drawn from tho evidence given at tho inquest is that had it not been Sunday moro atten dants would liavo been kept at tho City Bath, and tho drowned man's chances of rescuo would liayo been groater. No hiatter what views may bo held of Sunday sanctity, all sections of the public will concur that cither bathing places of this description should be kept closed, or that those paying for admission to them should be secured as satisfactory attention as on week days. It is evident that the baths are carelessly conducted at any time, and there was no need for„ visitors to incur additional peril out of respect for the Sabbath. King was, it is alleged, a hard working man, and his untimely death lias left his poor wife bereft of the breadwinner and with a number of little children to support. Possibly tho City Council, who by the neglect of their officials and agents have caused her loss, may render her some help in mitigating its severity. An equally imperative duty is for them to insist that tho simple appli ances required to rescuo drowning persons shall be ready to hand at the baths. There is somethinggrimly and horribly grotesque in the idea of having to empty a big swim ming bath in order to get at a drowning bather. 