" Mod'rn' Research c Witnes 'to Bible Truth" WAs the title of a l3turoe given in the Y.I.O.A. room un Tuoeday 'eveiingigllt by the Rev. A. T. Puddicomoe. -There - was a full attendance. The Rove. Onuono Soarea and D'Aroy Irvine were present, and the Preidernt of the,Y?M;O.A:, who .wos it "the chairl, read- a nt?b flii6iho?Re.v.' ArlthdirVlibY eaprehleog his regitthat, bheig called"to 8dnp lj iLy the eurious illness of a friend, hencould-not attend. The lecturer havinjltallhudedi ot.hobntcfidoent nasoertion of some and the timid apprehension of others that modern research hod provdd"io?i?"it lePt.of thebo statements of the Bible to be eontrary to ehilttifi?'liili historidali'fot,jiproceedd to cortradict this ,lossoition and alloy this fear by rqeading a manifesto drawn up at the annuil nieeting of the British Associationli 1?0105;, nod signed by no tss thn~-i00~0 toldeot of the' physical sciences, amonget whom are such noen as Bir David Breweter, Professor Balfoar, General Sir H.. Ravlinson, Dr.. oSedgwilr,; rod many others of the highest attainments and authority. The originol.of this manifesto-lies in thoBodletian Librniey at tOxfdrd- "d ?runs ice follows: " Wt, the undeieigoed etidelst of the natural soiencec, desire to express our siueero regret that researchees into soiontific truth are perverted by somein onr own'times into'oteouions for oasting doubt upon thelo .truth and authenticity of the Heolj'Sriitujs: t . We 'donceiveo: that it idt impuot eiblo for the Word of God as written is the Bookl of Nature and God's Word written in Holy Scripture to ,ceontradiet one another, howver. muteh they may apppear to differ. We are- not forgetful that physical ecienoc is not cotnplvto, bhut is only in-a condition?'of progreessand that: at pieeaot?ourafiiite'rdhasoii onaible?i only"to' tee ''as :thrugh?.agl6tse' diirkly,' undtwe onofi dently believe that a time will come when the two records will be seen to agree in every par ticular. We cannot but deplore that natt?ural ecieuCo should be looked upon with sunapicion by many who do not make'la study of.it :metely oi account of the unadvised manner in which como are placing itin opposition to. Holy Writ. Wo believe-that it !itha.duetyof :ecery soientifiu 'tudent to investigate Nlature simply for th' pur puse of olucidati:ng truth, and thiat if he finds that some of his results aplpea to bhe inu ontradiation to. thli?wrlttnh' ird, Sr ruathot tb hi ownu irietbr pretuations of it (which may be erronous), he ohould not presumptuously affirm- that hie own cnohclvions must be righti and the 'staterents' of Scripture wrorrei Rutherfletav? the two sioe by side till it shall please God to allow .usto see the manuner in which they may be reconoilda,'nd instead of iusisting upon the seeminoi' differenceso between sciuen and the BScripturso it would be well to rest in faith upon the- points in whieh they agree;., Having thns ansneere in the negative the pre liminary question-hase modern research posi tively disproved any one statement of Holy ,Seripture-th leoetureiV went on to iell'into the witneses-box the dillfeent seiences, in order to show 3if :hdsw :'any and various ways their diecovirieishoad tended to corroborate tho truth of the Bible, even in those very points in whieh the 'sceptic snpppsed that.he saw a weakness and.a safe oppeotunity for- attack; Biologists and physielologist weie firStatblled. forward, and shbwu to liave t uanimously admitted.'that::ii their schrch afterctho origin of siatter and life they hadr come- to tie conclusion that "mind ' mustt 'iesir'e esxited 'befoi' "matier," and that the,.sourco.and nature of ,"lifo" -,in matter utterly elhid?ed ,the keenest investigations of science. The ocloturer then askeled the pertinent ques:ien.iaf ZpharU .:the Naamathite--" Canest ethou by s"ri;ching Iihd out God ?S"--and pro ceeded to show that what the soientist could not disac6vt,isbnt ,as~ obliged to acknoowledge emust exist-n ?reatiee power and a source of life .beyond intellectual discovery-was revealed to us in the Bible, endathat more scientific seekers afteir the origin of 'il thihnd might he eddressed as St. Paul addresni-tho Athenians on Mars' Hill1-i' Whmn -thereforeay: worshis inignor ance Him deolare we nnto:you-,God'that made the world asid '.1tlli thherein giveth to Iall life and breath fbizii i i ielive' add move and have osr bhieg." Astronomers and geolo gists were then acked to give their testimony as to the creation of our globe and the various etsges(bygwhieh:it.wass reducedltb its present form ndsdfirrdished:with vegetable and anitnal life,' and comparing their disaaovories with the cesemogony of deose, the lecturer Showed that by the teestiony of scientific men in general (as eloerly demonstrafed by DB;E. Kiine, principal .of Highbury College,gin his miork-"'? Moses and !Seology ") 15 "Treative eirvents must have taken plaee in the exaot" order in which -oses haod! rddounnted ih' en .Th ..lecturer thin askted if his andicee usndoratoldl wlhat this agreement between 'Mosts and tle sceences really ieeplied. fe1 p1inted out, by1 thleC exlhibition of a esimplotnolntiplication sun, tlhate 15 articles or tet ire cniaptaiaibld bIf arningenlent (iitcrediblebais' it muay appear to those who leve not worked it ot) in.manorea .thooue billion tlrce hundred mil lions of'didia: sd tlhat if all the twelsed litndred fillions 'of thMlinltnhabiintsl of :tle earth were "icn one tlhoislnd guesses eachd, the probability is that not one would guess tlriehtlthe particular orde :ini lhic- any :15' thtings ereO anrraeged; ]oietlih~i, n askbd tle lecoteidr, did Moses ascer tais the righlt crder of these .15 creative. events? Cortlinly not liy'ntj' geological leowleadge'; for leltholuglh Moses ws learned in atll thie wisdom ofitlhe Egyptilns, scientific men atssure us that thecy were settotly ih'eorant of-.geology. Witertt cql'ha!tole; ,etlhed tlhelectouvdr,. cons be)gi-s-n of the Salic'e'e?os':knd wlcdge;bnt thaetit wads relealted to hhie by tho greaCt creative sp'it, by God ]Iimself.: ttIoly meni of old spaieo us:theoy wele moved by the Holy Ghost," and Meoses, insteead of beilng behlind lthis enlightened ago, was 3tOgentesahedeleofet it5! The oliiiniois of com paritive anatodiists, eomp'aritivd dhlologi?st, and etlmologistsu degardimig tlhodetcoettof mian fronm e sifgle jipar'tld ori'n:edf' lihigenagseefino m at common someeo, the freshl starting plaee of the heelntarirec thboeittlettime assigeddd the floddd, tid thle dispersion of the destelndants of No?el, wereo'tduchled seon by the lecturer, and statedito be increasiuglyin accorld,'ith: aiednot opposcd to the history of manlkind from Adam to-Abt? lam tsat usmnaurised by: Moses. Archaeologists Cwere tlien eallodieto thle witdess liod,andd theii ntimerous an d intoemsting discosoeiios in Chaldea, Paleitiiio, inidElyept -sero shdlei' to corroboisito in a mrst reniairkable manner the Bible accduits of-Nilnosdd andlchederleiotieer, Abrehane iedlsitac, Jitob aied Jdsoiphl, Modis aidilliohidlh; the eppres sidno'f tlis Iiiaelites iii Egyittitid'their tfi'iupLhl' exodts firomn boil'dgeT:' 'l'he'latel' discldered " briiks of Uruck" or UT"of lthio Ohltldbes,. thd still existing wells atjBeershebis, the nhmerouen records fonnd'-ot the rook'tombsi elabs,'moniu' mentse,'and mitnmey'nases of ]Egypt and on'the? papvrus dddumeiita foeind :i' thb mun?my eases (many oft.which curiosilies are to bit ecei id the museufdi:bF'loididond; Cairo;:ind otliher plaeo), wer ialludod't by the'lctiror,'whd peolted out how thqroughly these variou records agree with the histboryof Jiasaph's e'xalttions, goverinoent, death;'i;ihdi bhiitil, the -hbrd bondag in briolrk and mottoe te which the Israelites were sub jectbd,:thle history on.Honee, the slaying of the lirct-boro, and the exodus, as dotailed in the Bible. Thbo lecturer, having left Pharaoh's host at the Rod Sea, expressed his regret at being uniublo to purauo the subjeot further in a singlo lecture, and his williuguess .to give ea'Ccond lecturo on the same subjerct at a future time. lie then encouraged his hbearers not to listen to blatanutibc ptics taking up objcdtions the foreo" or, otherwise of which they wore quite un?blo to weigh, but to liatcn to. tilo sober utternuces of ecientifi'ichin; tich as thb 600 whoso manitesto ho had read, and to leave diffitnlties for futura :,lution, paying earlest and devout attention to tboes portions of the Bible in the interpretlaion of whiobh there was no difficulty, endeaovouriug by God's help to catchl its spirit and to follow its teaching concerning Him siuwholm wo lhave the bleseeda: hope:.ofU'evrluasting lifo-WiVo is the contro of all hisltory and thloReBdeemer of all creation. A few questions regarding thoe oriin: of life andsthe allegirical mesniug of the Old1 Testament history were put to the leIturer and answered by him, and ai vtot of. Ih' n!:forttlio lecuture was passed by a'eelatiatiou.. c* ':r.;?li , 