TWO GHR3STMAS DAYS,! — OR,— The Mysteries of Seacombe Grange. CHAPTER V. , j The absence of Lorna did not seem t® trouble him in the least, but when the clock struck nine I made the necessity . for seeing, her an excuse for saying Good- , night.. He rose, and lighted a candle for me. " Good-night," he said. " It is many a long year since I spent such pleasant hours at the' Grange. You have brought the spirit of' youth and beauty into the old, house, Miss Waybrook, and chased -ayvay its shadows." His glance confused me. It was some thing more than admiring ; and as I hastily passed through the door I felt my cheeks burning almost painfully. It was with some difficulty that I induced Lorna to let me enter her room ; grief had rendered her more unsociable than 'ever.' ' " Have you seen your step-father yet?" I enquired, when the door was closed. She nodded affirmatively. : " You were not aware of his intended 'arrival ?" "No." " ;" Then," I added, lowering my voice, " do you think he has come down to look after, Bertie ?" ' I'm afraid of it," she answered. 'Shall you tell him — '' I began, but she interrupted me quickly. "I shall tell him nothing; and I beg you to keep - silence also., . As he knows nothing of my acquaintance with Bertie, he is not likely to ask us any questions. My only; hope now is that my poor boy will get safely away, from England." i .tJ stayed :Some little time longer talk ing to her, and did not go to bed when I reached my own room, for I was too rest less and excited to hope for sleep to come to, mq yet awhile. I must have sat by the fire, thinking, considerably 'more than an hour, when my painful reverie was broken by a isourtd at my feiec, and a soft touch against my dress. I started up, half-inclined to scream, for my nerves had become com pletely shattered during these last two days ; but , I could not help laughing when I' saw the cause of my alarm, which was nothing mor nore less than the cat. I suppose' She had been asleep under the bed, and had crept forth so quietly tHat T did not hear her. ! " Poor pussy ! You are a very harm less kind of ghost," I exclaimed, raising her in my arms, and rubbing my face against her soft fur ; " but for all that, I ' would rather not have you as a bed fellow. I must take you down into the kitchen, and put you in your basket." I took my light, and crept noiselessly -along the corrider and down the broad . oak staircase, and when I came to the kitchen, turned the handle very cautiously so as not to disturb Rachel and her hus band, who slept in ail apartment that should, by rights, have been the butler's pantry. As I unclosed the door, I stood on the mat transfixed with astonishmet. At the table, with his back towards me, was old Cyrus, and by his elbow lay a leather bag, out of which he had, apparently just turned a pile of sovereigns, glittering \ golden in the light of the single tallow candle, by whose aid he was counting them. ' " Seven hundred and fifty pounds ! ..That's none so bad," he muttered with a little dclierhted chuckle. And, not wishing him to discover my presence, I stole gently back to my room ihbfe mystified at theknowledge of old Cyrus having such a large sum of money .,.n his possession than I should have been had I simply found him out to be a miser. CHAPTER VI. .. .'Mr. Heath did not go the next day. nor yet the j: ntixt, and indeed gave no hint as to when he contemplated his de- .parture. Neither was a word said con- icerning the motive of his visit. I saw a ;good deal of him, for, at his desire, I gave ; iij) the lessons I had formerly done with Ifyna, who kept mostly to her own room , and it followed,, as a natural consequence, that he and I were thrown a good deal ' into each other's society. had a! strange sort of feeling with ..regard to him— half fascination, half dis- tewofe r . .Gradually the latter became inerged lthorjaer. nd l found myself < talents. hls pleasant .manner .q'h.handsome face. . £-jti";Miss Waybrook," he said, on the second afternqonj coming into the library ilrere l was sitting, "I wsnt to go for a r wat a companion. Lorna refuses to accompany me. Will you be i-more kind f" I hesitated, but the thoughts that ' hitinttd"ffle,wete of so. miserable a nature that I hailed die opportunity of getting nd of diem for awhile, therefore, I finally iaccepted his invitation, and we set out . together along the high road, where the 'hedgies on each side were white with frost and icicles hung pendent from the leafless boughs, . , r, The sky was very blue, the sun slanted jits pale raps on the quiet landscape, a -robin carolled blithely from one of the branches, and Nature seemed making an eflort to escape the thraldom of the dark \--Decieuiber day. Involuntarily I put in 'the words the thoughts that presented it- ttelfto me. ' No sunlight ever comes to the 'jGrange," I said. ,j He looked at me a little anxiously, then said — . \- - ' ifi You are rather, white, Miss Waybrook- Is pallor natural to you ?" . "J no» Fused to have a colour bcforelcame here" " Then you thinkl the air of the Grange does not agree with you ? No wonder," he added, half to himself. ' The place is enough to kill any. one in six months." " And yet Lorna has lived there so many years !" He started, and hh face flushed a deep red. " Yes ; but she is the exception." We walked about a couple of miles, then turned along a lane, and proceeded home by a different route that led us through the fields. At one of the stiles he paused and laid his hand on my arm. " Look 1" he said, pointing to the west. " Is not the sunset lovely ?" It was most lovely. The sky was a mass of bright floating crimson, that threw a red glow over the whole scene, and re flected itself in the ice-bound surface of a small pend on our right, while the fine tracery of the elms stood out with quite startling distinctness against the flrey background. My companion's eyes were fixed on my face so intently that I felt uncom fortable, and I was about disengaging my arm from his clasp, when, glancing up, I saw the figure of a man standing between me and the sunset ; and at the same time, Mr. Heath, his face blanching to a deadly pallor, moved. a step back wards. It was Godfrey Marchmont who stood before us. For a moment no one stirred, then Godfrey, with a glance of terrible scorn at the master of the Grange, re moved his hat in salutation to me, and tunning on his heel, walked rapidly, away. Mr. Heath drew a deep breath — I think it was one of relief. " What a . grim apparition !" he ex claimed, with an uneasy laugh, " it was iquite startling. I did not reply, and Mr. Heath was very silent on the way home ; indeed, he did not recover his spirits until dinner time, when he drank rather more wine than I thought could be good for him Perhaps it was for the purpose of dis sipating his gloom. Lorna and I left him still drinking, and proceeded to the library, where Rachel had forgotten to shut the windows, an omission I went to the window in order to repair. Arrived there, I paused and looked out. The night was calm and still, and 1 lit up by the soft brilliance of countless stars, which twinkled like millions of diamonds set in dark enamel, The icicles glittered on the branches, and a fair -like network of frost had embroid ered itself over the glass. " I think I shall go outside for a few minutes, and breathe the keen air ; it seems so hot in here," I said to Lorna, who, however, took no notice of my re mark, and so, wrapping a wool shawl around my head, I gently opened the side door and stole out on the terrace. How calm it was, how still — as if a spell had fallen down from the stars, and hushed the night world under the charm of its beauty. I felt in some vague way comforted. The hot pain that had been rife in my heart was subdued as I stood face to face with our great mother, Nature. " Miss Waybrook !" I started violently, and a figure em erged from behind a clump of laurels and stood by my side. " Have I frightened you, said the grave tones of Godfrey Marchmont. . " Just a little," I answered, my heart beating very fast, though no longer with 1 ear. " I came for the purpose of putting a letter in the box for you," he continued ; but as I have had the good fortune to see you it is not necessary. If you will let me, I will tell you verbally what I have written. Can you spare me ten minutes ?" " Oh ! yes." " And you won't take cold, yoq think ?" I shook my head. Then let us go a little farther away from the house, so that we shall run less risk of being noticed." I followed him into the shrubbery, thinking and earring equally little of what would be said of my imprudence, if it should happen to be discovered. ' Miss Waybrook," he began, speaking very earnestly, " you will probably think I have no right to stay to you whut I am about saying, but the interest I feel . in you -mwt plead as>an < -exiousefMr .«»wlut wduld' otherwise be an unwarrantable interference.' 7 This afternoon. I saw 7 you with Ambrose Heath. I saw his hand on your arm, arid his eyes fixed on yours with a look that, knowing him as I do, ' had _ no difficulty in . following. He admires you, perhaps love you — -if such feelings as his deserve that holy name -—and he may ask you to, be his wife— " ",Qh! no," I exclaimed, my face covered with hot blushes. " I never thought, never dreamt, of such a thing !' ' " You may not have done so, but he has, unless I am greatly mistaken. You are very beautiful, and of beauty he has always had a passionate admiration. But listen to this warning, and believe it— a woman had better be in her grave than married to Ambrose Heath !" . . His voice was low, but almost solemn in its depth of feeling, _ and' I shivered a little, a wed in spite of myself. "I speak with conviction," he added " because I have had every opportunity of judging. Still, speaking uery bitterly, I could not blame you if you doubted my word, for I know how handsome and fascinating he is, and how'eisy it is for him-to charm thoise he .wishes to please-. I — shunned as an outcast — can. hardly hope to inspire belief when I speak against him." (To be Continued.) 