TELEGRAMS. TASMANIA. HOBAKT. JONK 38. I learn that the Very llev. Dean Jiepchiuoi'i of IJaiincest-on, has Becured the borvices of Jlr E. C. Oonwell, list of the k.s. F.i(«ena, as aiming iu Ijauncestou to-day, as piiucipilof Saint Francis Xavier tj.itholic Seminary. The Very llev. tho D.ian. and th^ Catholic of Jjauncestou are to bo congratulated on the happy selection which has been made. Mr Conwell's qualifications ai'e already woll-known in Australia through his successful literary achieve ments in connection with tho London University, and subsequently with the Royal University of Dublin. Sir Conwell loaves a professorship under the famous Doctor lleffu, President of the College of tho Holy Ghost, Vic toria, for his present post. This being Her Majesty's Coronation Day the usual Royal salute was fired, and flag? were hoisted at the Battery and at tho Town Hall. iBaoc H. Palfreyman was charged at tho Police Court today with assaulting William Willing in King-street on Pridav last. PJaintiH' stated that when be v.'as walking with a companion on the day named, defendant stopped up to him. and caught him by the throat, and struck him about the face several times, causing marks on his throat and lumps on his oar. Oa stooping to pick up his hat defendant struck him again, knocking his head against a fence, the whole without tho slightest provoca tion. Dr.,tlarvoy certified .to finding wound marks on the boy, and Charles Bmith f,ave -Mrroborative evidence. Defendant, ill his defence, said plaintitT kicked his fence and threw a ho^p over the fence into liis garden, and some , boy threw a stono, breakiug glass in a window. Thomas Dickens and Arthur j l'earco doposod that dofondaut did not ; strike -plamtiir, and the case was dis- I missed. ? ' I Edward Downio, F. Andors, and Tasmau Vaut, pleaded not guilty to broaking a square of glass, value 2s, the projierty of a Chinamen named Ah Hare, and woro each fined 5s and costs, aud tho value of tho glass broken. Thn followine tenders for the supply of firowooil have been accepted for tho lasmanian Government Railways : — J. It. Blyth, 100 tons, at 7s 6d, do liveied at Railton ; Goo. ltoid, 100, at Ss, delivered at lilydale ; Thomas Coopor, 100, at Cs Gd, delivered at Scottsdalts. At a meeting of the Marine Board to-dav a letter -was read from Messrs. W. Crosby and Co. asking for a lock up shed for the convenience of pah scnger.i1 luggago. It was decided to ;,if,n-iii tlmni that tho Goveriiinont puiposo finding extra accommodation for tho CuHtomP, and perhaps this would moot thu cise. Tho appoint ment of a wutcliinan to look after the swing! bridge was left over to tho next meBiiug. The Troasuier wrote point ing oul to the board that tho oKtonsion of Duiin-stroot Pioi' was, according to tho opinion of tho law ollicor of tho Crown, illegal, inasmuch as tho work jiccurding U- tlio Ac-t was not ;i now otic. The Master Warden slid as llic work Jmd been coiniuouutitl tliuy h;id Umi.ini- soiid uliius of tho extension on to thu Govern moot, uud t-hiti \\\'m- ugi'oed to. Ministers have received a despatch from the Agent-Oonoral, Sluy 24, covering a letter from Mr V. Hams, no-!ivt:iry i)f tlw Natimial I'ruitgTOwei*' ^-.m-ijlion. a-»ltin« if tlm TswuisLni-in iiovpi-iniu-nt woul.l be willing t-o |»;«y t,'X|mMsii.° oi un oxikjI'L to iitid Iroiii 'l';iri nriiii:i, :ti i«l Insl'incitig Ilio cnntlil.ii-n.-i -?;-. ii.-liiHi Ii.j w...iWi-..nirt. 'IT.rtPPrrRtary li'.n'-'nL i-f thft' pv-»li:ib1n -IW.V rniliW ? ?.'ijiii.il, li-lifiHu iiiform^tiiTii :is to thu pi-o^iiw |«;i- :«t.j, and otli.-r inipi-i-Uia niiiu(-, wliicb could bo abbiinud only /.r-i.V.-Tof Jfiloiii:-.! fruit as imuoiteil, .Im'-v t^i.'oi.--- tlutt thu uy^u-uw at ,,|l!-l II ^' ^ i ' - ' l' I' niiuMuiutJ tu wivckan imliidtry whiuii undoL1 iliuir ^bLuiu, t:uuld laj ^iiulLkibly 'extend edf'tmd suggest that if the prr posal.to send an expert -were adopted he would, in return, furnish an elaborate .and special report to the Government on tho profitable culture of fruit for export, dealing with the Kiibject ei hau lively, and giving v.il usiblc in formation on many other points of great interesi - to colonial growers. Instances of the -success with tthteft the association's. System has been adopted in England are given. Mr Braddon states that he held out no hopes of the proposal being favorably entertained by. his Government, to whom, however, ne promised to Bubmit the matter. 