"CONFESSION u'F SIN." The Rev. Joseph Walker preached the second of his series of special sermons, in the Congre gational Church, on BSunday evening lIst, the subjeot being " Confeesion of sein ; should it be made to a priest or to God? What eaith the Scripturese?' Thore was a very large congre. gation, the church being crowded. The preacher selected as hie text Proverbs xcviii. and 13-"He that covereth his sine shall not prosper; but whoso confesseth and foriaketh them shall find mercy." In relation to the confeseion of sin, he said, there were wide and irreconcilable difference between Protestants and Romans Catholims, and both of them could not be right. He wished that each party would earneetly desire, above all things, to know the mind of Christ, and that the Holy Ghost would guide them into the truth. Father Hegarty, in his sermon on the confee sional from thessmetext, was reported to have said, "If an infallible physician existed, who cured all the ills of the flesh without a fee, people would come to him from all quarters of the globe, and his fame would be great in every country. Such a man could not be found; but what men could not do for the ills of the body the priest could do for the soul-the priest of God's Church had power to call the soul that was dead with sin back to life again, and into the friendship of God." That plainly claimed for the priests of Rome a power over the sonts of men that no physician, past or presenot, ever had over the body. He asserted that, as God sent the Saviour soto the world to forgive sins, so Christ nent the apostles, and, after them, the priests. He also said. "This sacrament was a vital one in the Catholic Churoh, and the person who refesed to ac. knowledge this w as s bad as the Jews who doubted when Christ said to the palsied yong man, ' Son, be of good heart, thy sind are for. given thee,' and he was no Catholic, for where was the Christian who denied that, when Christ had cured the palsied man, both of the ille of the flesh and of the soul, He could not give to His asucncesors-- to those who were to carry on the work which He had come on earth to per form- the power to release sinners from their bondage, after making a contrite and foll con fession " The Father also said, "That, since Christianity was primitive, the cofessional had existed in the Chubrch." That was really the point at issue. If the Romish oonfessional had existed from the beginning of Christianity, then the Romish Church was right on that point and the Protestants were wrong, If it bad not, but was a later and unscriptural invention, then t?t Church would have to be convicted, like the Pharisees of old, of " teachbing for doctrines the commandmente of men." There were twenty Scriptures, in the Old Testament, which referred to confession, but in no one of them was there anything anslagons to aurieu lar confession as practised in the ?hburoh of Rome. There were, however, two instances in the Old Testament which were sometimes said, by Remishadvosates, to asuggest and fore shadow the sanorament of confeasion as laid down by that ChburOch. One was the law of Leviticus in relation to leprosy, and the appli. cation of that law by Christ to the leper that wase cleansed by Him, as recorded in three of the Gospels. The man had been cent to the priest, not to confess his sins that he should be healedy but that the priest should enemine him, acording to Old Testament rules, in order that he should testify that he had been really healed, and so be re-admitted to all the rivileges which had been forfeited by his roy. He did not see the shadow of sop port for the Romish confessional in those Old Testameoat regulations in reference to leprosy. The Jewish prieit had simply to declare a fact as attested by the most satisfaatory evidence -not to bear confession in order that healing should be given. The other instance was that of Nathan and David, recorded in second Samuel, 12th chapter. The cir· cunmstances were impressive and ap.cial. David had sinned grievously, and God sent Nathan, the prophet,toreprove him for his sin and bring him to repentanco. The king did not confess his sin to thebs prophet. It was the prophet who, by the inspiration of God, described and charged home to David hie sin, and, when he saw that the king's dark fearful wrong had been confessed to God, and bitterly deplored, he know that his mission had euc ceeded, and that the sin oonfeseed and re pented had been graciously and fully forgiven. There was certainly no analogy between the confessional of the Romish Courch and that Old Testament inoident. If the interview be tween Nathan and David had left the least doubt as to David's relation to either prophet or priest in the matter of confession of sino, it would be entirely and for ever dissipated by his passfonate penitence, as expressed in the 5l1st Psalm. and by his declaration in Psalm zxli,. and S--in fact, those Old Testament in. cidente helped to show what had been God's plan under both Jewish and Christian dispen. eatione-that He reserved to Himself, as Hie own seared prerogative, the power to forgive sin; that He hlad declared the conditions upon which He would graciously forgive sin; and that, when those conditions had been fulfilled, it was the privilege of any of His reconciled servants to essore the believing penitent that he waes?ieely and fully forgiven. In turning to the New Testament, there were certain Scriptures wrhics? the Rolish Chburch empha siced as authority for auricular confession, and the passage in Matthew xvi, and 19, in rela tion to the kehs of the kingdom as given to Peter, and, as Rtomaniese alleged, through him to all Romiehl priests, would have to be re served for a separate address. To show that he was not miarepresoenting the Romaniste, he quoted an cxtroact from the "Grounds of Catholio Doctrine"-s oatechiom said to be largely sneed in the Catholic Church. If they looketd firatat Matthew xiii and L8, theywould see that it dealt with offences amongat the die ciples eg.inst each other. TbhatSt.Petorunder stood Christ as having reference to offences amongst themselves was evident from his im mcdnately asking the question "Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive himos" &c.; That Scripturein Matthew taught one of the most glorious truths of their Pro tostant Christianity-that Christ abided for ever with His Church, that if they transencted their Church affairs according to His will, as revealed in the Scriptures, they would all be endorsed or approved of in Heaven. But no reasonableinterpretation of that Scripturrccjuld give the faintest colour of support to the prac tice of confessioo o sin, in private, to a priedr alone, When Jebus said in John 20 and 21 to 23, "Whocesoever eins ye remit they are re mitted unto them: an&dwhosesocversine; ye re tain, they are retained," they were not spoken to the apostles alone, but to the eleven and "them that were with them." It was probable that there were women present-those at least who, early that day, had been at the empty sepulchre; so that the assumptions of the Romish prirathood of special power being given to them through theapostles by that promise fell to theground at the very outset. It was to His Church, as represented by the dieciples (not the eleven,butallwho believedonHim).that thepro mise had been given. It seemed little short of blasphemy to think that, even to them, God would give the power to forgive and to con demn. What, then, was it that that promise gave ? Would not the great commission and toe subs:quent conduct of the disciples throw some light on the subject! They thought it would. Hald they ever, Lasing their authority on that promise, heard the confessions of men and women in private, with the view of giving them absolntion! There was not so much as a hint of any anoh thing in any part of the New Testament. Jeans Christ was everywhere exalted by them, but there was no mention of private oonfessionof sin to any of the apostles : no mention of penance as imposed by Romish priatests in modern times, but the simple, earnest uplifting of Christ as the one Saviour of sinfnl men, and the offer, in God's name, of salvation to every penitent and believing sinner. There were two or three other Scriptures quoted sometimes by Romaniste as favouring the con* fesosional, hut they would only have to be read to show that no argument for confession of sin privately to a priest could be drawn from them. The first was Matthew iii. and 6, where it was simply an open and publio confession by those baptized by John. Thenext, in Acts xix. and 18, was also an example of publio confession. James v. and 16 was much relied on as giving sanction to it, but the confessional of the Rom ish Church was a violation and corruption of the spirit and letter of the text. In let John. i. and 9. there was not the slightest ground for private confession ton priest, bhot the sub stance of the positive teaching of the Bible was that, "If any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Je6us Christ the righteous and Beisthepropitiationforonrsins, and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world ;" and that no man, be he who or what he may, had the right to come between them and their Savicur. except to help them to get olearer views of Him as their Saviour.and more lo)ally to treust and follow Him as their guide and neverfailing friend. They got the first glimpse of private confession when Leo I. was Pope, in the fifth century. It wasenojoined by Romish authority at the fourth Lateran C eno oil, in 121; while the Councilof Trent, in the 16th century, madeit obligatory on all Roman Catholics to attend the private conofessional at least once a year. In cscaing, the preacher said: " We might observe that the Romish confeesional finds no support from the Word of God; in its actual working, it has not proved itself a general good either to the priests themselves or to their penitents; the Romish confessional gives the priest that knowledge of others which no one but God oeght to have; as an ordinance in the Romish Church, presided over by celibate priests, the tendency of the confeenssional is to put the priest in the place of God, and is a menace to the spiritual liberty of those who have been made free by Jesus Christ." He would ask them what they were doing with their sine ? To whom where they to go? To whom but to Him whowas their loving Seviour, and who only had the gift and the words of eternal life. A number of members of the Loyal Orange Lodge were in attendance wearing their regalia; and the preacher was listened to with rapt attention throughonut. 