Old World Sport. (BY "COORAMIN.") Tc i v i h t f ( * "1 a La 3 1 1 t ) t 1 t i ) o e1 trt, i ttl i M IL J r 1 K of f lit n 1 o d i -, L i ig of i very ¿ecoi.darv mter-.-sr. duke tho CiiOitcr Gun. for ia. a lt i 1 t ) L o < £ V li0 f \ -, n tL calendar, luis vcar it was il waned into lnsi^miu-anee by tlie ivemptoii l'ar;c luteum.-, bela on i Tulay ami ¡saturday last, tho programme ol wlucu lucluded the Jubilee fa takes, a handicap ot the value ot üüuü ¿ovs. anti thc Royal Stakes, a v;eight-!c>r-a'-e race to w-ueb. the mee httbnluni ot £10,000 was attached. Iho Jubilee Stakes wa:-! tho great attraction on Friday? and tho attendaace of tho public, if not as large aa that of last year or the year before, was sufficiently so to alto.it tho great intercut falten hy the public in the race. There wore no equino {fiants like Bendigo or Minting to frighten away competition; eo that the Held, everything bo inti considered, was a very good one, both aa regarda nulabor and quality. There were Hf teen starters ; ami thoy includod some nailing good ones. It was, in faut, tho gênerai opinion that a bettor looking lot of horses had not for a long time been got together in a handicap. Tho "Cynosure of neighboring eyes" waa, of course, the sensational City and Suburban winner, Goldseeker, who certainly looked to bo in far better eonditiou than ho was at Epsom. Bo v/ell, indeed, did he seem that he wa3 lifted to tho head of quotations, alter having been temporally deposed, and started astrong favorite. Love of Idleness, too, loo'ced splendid ; and Orbit and Amphion were admired by tho c'O^/iosreiii». There was no preliminary parade; and hut little time waa wasted at the post, for after a couple of "no go's" tho flag dropped. Amphion and Screech Owl (a quiet paddock tip) were the first to show out; and tho rest were pretty well hunched together for a short distance. But before a quarter of a mile had been covered it was seen that none of tho favorites had tho ghost of a chance. Bullion was Koing well; hut he once more failed to stay. The Rejected took up tho chase; hut, though he struggled gamely, he could not get near tho two loaders, Screech Owl und Amphion, of which pair the form cr seemed f o havo ? tho heat of it to the distance, when ho swerved ; and ' Amphion passed him. In doing KO tho jockey very nearly gave cause for an objection, ns ho crosio, right in front of Screech Owl; hut no protest was entered. Eventually, Colonel Byrne's colt won very easily hy thrco ' lengths, and proved himself to bo quito ono of the best of the present three-ycars-oldg. Indeed, many regrets were expressed that tho colt is not in any of tho so-calUU " classic races ;" for undoubtedly he would mako it hot for the best of them. It is useless attempting to account for Goldscckor's performance, and the penalty ha carried could not hy any possibility havo made so much, différence between tho form he showed at Epsom and his display at Kempton. They affect now to have discovered that, like all the Newminster tribe, he runs best when a hit above himself, and that the fortnight's extra work, though it improved his appearance, really did him harm. At all events, it is satisfactory to know that a big prize has fallen to a good horse and to un honest owner; for Colonel Byrne, though ho keeps few horses in training, is much, respected on the turf. lt can hardly ho enid that tho race for tho Royal Stakes wUsa success at all commensurate with tho value ol the prize. When asum of -£10,000 is o tiered, one naturally oxpects that it will attract, at all events, a decent sized field of first-class - horses ; whereas, aa a matter of fact, tho starters numbered seven only, and as for quality, only three, or perhaps four, could claim places in tho front rank, viz., Ayrshire, Sea breeze, Friar's Balsam, and (as I say, perhaps) Melanion. But the meeting of tho first named three would in itself have been sufficient to invest the raco with moro than ordinary interest ; and it was littlo wonder that tho atten« dance on Saturday was almost a hest on record. It waa simply a squash ; and olhow room was at a premium. Kempton Park is now running Sandown vory closa . as a place of fashionable resort; and on this occasion ' the ladies (God bless 'em I) turned out in splendid force, and lent true enchantment to tho scone. Fortunately, though it rained hard in town, that capricious spoil-sport, the clerk of the weather, was for once in a way in a benevo« lent mood ; and, though tho day was chilly, the cold was tempered by sunshine. As usual, all kinds of reports with, regard to the candidates for the Kuy al Slakes wore current in tho paddock, and, of course, half of thom had no foun dation in fact. It was said that Sjabreozo was quite out of form, had been beaten in a trial (Machell's horses always aro), and had turned "roarer." Ayrshire was much in ferior to his relativo Melanion ; and as for Friar'« Balsam, he had bruised his frog-or squashed a frog, I forget which, and had done no kind of work for soma days. I really helievo that there was some truth in this last story ; hut as for Seabreeze there was no ground whatever for tho adverso rumors. True, she is hardly just now the clipper sho was last autumn. But she ran gamely and well ; and no sign whatever of roaring could he detected. Ayrshire's performance speaks for itself ; and, as he had never been tried with Melanion, it ls hard to say how tho story of the latter's superiority came to bo circulated. On Saturday it wns t'other way about. Malgré tho bruised froir, Friar's Balsam maintained tho position of favorite to the fall of the flag ; and, as for as appearance went, he well deserved the distinction. Ayr shire, too, looked splendid; while Lord Cdthorpo's filly was admired by everybody. So well did Friar's Balsam move in his preliminary cauter that odds were freely laid on him. He went well in the race, too, for about half tho distance, when ho collapsed, and disappeared from viow; and very shortly afterward Melanion followed suit, leaving Royal Star and Wisl: ing Gate at tho head of affairs. But it was only for a moment or two, as Ayrshiro and Seabreoza shot past; ondit was at once seen that tho race was re duced to a match. The filly struggled gamoly, but had no chance with Ayrshire; and the Duke of Portland's colt easily landed the big prize. The Duko seems to bo quita invincible; and the money ho has won this yoar already amounts to a very large sum. Fri ar's Balsam's display was a sad disappointment to every body ; and it is clear that ho has not recovered from the effects of his ulcerated jaw. Whether he will over do so remains to be seen. But ho must, indeed, have degenerated sadly tobe beaten at weight for ago by a conunonor Uko Eoyal Star. Two mouths hence ho will have an opportu nity of retrieving his laurols in the Eclipse Stakes at San down, when he may have to meet Ayrshiro, Seabreeze, and perhaps Donovan. Wishing Gate, who ran fourth, is a very nico filly ; and this exposure of her form may provo to have cost her owner a big handicap. Old Ringmaster is proving a little gold mine to his owner or owners ; and one way or other they must have already scooped in a small fortune. On Tuesday he landed rather an important event, the Great Northern Handicap at York, and put a cool "monkey" in Savill's pocket, besides a very handsome sum in wagers, as he started at a comfort- able price. An objection was lodged by Mr. Fenwick, the owner of Tissaphernes (who was a big pot), on the ground that Ringmaster's rider, Turner, who claimed the 6lb allow- ance, was not a bona fide apprentice. The case was ad- journed for the production of the lad's indentures ; and on Wednesday the protest was dismissed as being frivolous, and Mr. Fenwick mulcted in £5 for making it. The perfor- mance does not look a very grand one. But really the quon- dam colonial won with a couple of stone in hand ; and I am of opinion that it will take a nailer to boat him. Ring- master, by-the-by, always run without plates ; and I shouldn't wonder if the practice was extensively adopted in England. The Rothschilds ever since Mr. P. J. Clark advised them to do so run most of their horses barefoot.. Lord Zetland is, I hear, the fortunato possessor of several smart 2-ycar-olds. Ho won tho Zetland Stakes (ns was fitting) at York on Tuesday with Margarine by Macaroon ;. and rumor has it that ho owns another which is pounds better. If so, he may have something to say tn next year's Derby. The Duko of Hamilton has just lost his maro, Miss Jummy, which died suddenly yesterday. Sho has left a nice foal by St. Simon. Tho revised Ralea of Racing, drawn up by a special com« - mitteo of the Jockey Club, arc published to-day, and will bo considered n>t a general mooting of tho club next weok. They will ho hacked and mangled, no doubt, by some of the old fogies ; but in whatever shape they come out after un dergoing that process, they can hardly fail to ho an im provement upon tho existing laws. One of tho most son Bible of the proposed new rules 13 tho fixing of Cst as tho minimum v.'eight in handicaps. Another alteration is that once arrived at tho starting post, all horsos shall bo under tho starter's orders, and every horso shall ba con sidered a starter onco tho advance Hag has been raised. This will scttte a vexed question with S. P. layers. Baron do Hirich, tho great Jewish hanker and railway magnate, is forming a big racing stud in England, and has givon an unlimited order to bu/ tho best stock that money can secure. On dit that ho offered tho Duchoss of Montrose a cheque for a quarter of a million for tho Sefton Stud Paddocks and all her horses ia training, but her Graco da» clinch. Il la said that Matthew Dawson ia to have tlie trammer o£ Mr. Jinici \vhitö'a hurras-a wiso Bolo-Sion. Hr. D.'i LA j i L-d 1 . ¿Lil Ger_rd o i I-rv . t Y market; and it is noe unhkc-ly tiutho may baior-j loni; havo Bracehorse or two ia traiauv.r. And this leadá my to metition that a grandson of W. C. Wentworth, Hr. Charles Wentworth K:eve, a lieutenant in tho ll'Utti Hus.-^ra (Promo or Waloa's Own) has got married. Mr. l'.ouvo is a very good BportHUutu, anaçouo rally has a 1 JW hersos m traimnsr. lío rides well, too, a* becomes ono .» ho is moro I hun halt an Australian ; «.nd ut tho last resmicutal meeting hu won throe raccü on hu uv. n horses. The cricket season han not herjiui very ara iciously nt Lords, a; tuc matched M.CU. v. Lancashire, and al.U.C. v. Yorkshire, had to be abandon-xi ou account ot tho state ol the wicketW i'll re -ani to tho hrst-uamed, it would Le 3>roper to Key "i¡ MIVH i i favor of Lancashire," which had much the I ....tua- d' tho cause. '1 lie only feature of tho match WB3 iho np'e idid piny of A. Ward, a professional, who has je ia ed the 1 a*>ea»liirc ranks, Ile is a splendid young fellow, branding over sis feet in height, as strong as ahorse, and r..?? ele.in-iiinbed as Bonnor. Ho is only 21 years of acre, is i: Yorkshireman hy birth, and is, I may add, a gentlcniiu. lu tho laatoh at, Lords he n a lo S3 first innings and wus rna ont ; while in his second innings ho made 02 not out. lie eau Low I a ¡rood ball, too, and is a srdoudid field. There i-: al; i-.-uly a good deal of grumbling about men of Ono count1- pi~ ' f<u-iu>.oth«.-r (after qualifying,of course). B irrey, for vi>X-\\\'>C, ts y^'h'S two Notts men-one ot' them that (Ino howler Hu imo. ' " , Lohmann is in great form with tho ball. In 0, match, C. J. Thorn to;;':) Klevcn v. Cami ridge University, ho toole eight wicket.-; for 47 runs. .There are to ho six mat ohos thia scaaon between tho North and the South ; and tho first of tho Enrica l-cgnu yesterdny ut tho Oval. Thanks to Briggs and Attowell, tho South reade only CH. liut it was a bowler's wicket. North followed with 127 for nina wickets. Sussex is playing tho M.C.C. at Lord's, and ia pretty ßnro to eco re a vieiory. Mr. Barnes (notoi Now York-but "Billy" of that ilk) . lias boen ¡jiving his o\ inion au to tho now rules of cricket. Of course ho is aaaius; the flvo balls over-that is nothing. But ho really hits tho mil on t ho head when ho points out that the ehanging-onds-at-will rulo will in practice defeat tho very object for which it waa framed. Say that at a critical jieriod of tho game when nomo batsman ia making a stand, a new bowler is put on, and manages to puzzlo him. B/ tho old rulo tho howler could chango ends aud continuo the attack and perhaps get a wicket ; hut now bo foro ho eau chango over ho mast discontino bowling for at least one over ; and so tho ciVcat will bo lost. Kvovyliody Will recollect tho intercolonial match which lOvans won for New South Wales in Melbourne, lio was howliii.-', as only . Ted could bowl in those days; and ho changed cuds at a juncture, and took tho last wicket amid a scene of un paralleled oxcitouK n b. 