AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA, &C.; Hamlet was played on Saturday night at the Opera House, Mr. Miln appearing in the titlo rile. There was a large and brilliant attendance, which might bo accepted as a compliment to this actor no less than a mark of respect to his isxceiienoy sir win. Koumson, who was pre sent. Tho performance in its main essentials compared favorably with any Shakspenrean re vival witnessed for many years in Melbourne' The tragedy was well staged, tho general com pany had been judiciously augmented, and tho acting all round was exceedingly appreciable. Some curiosity was aroused as to Mr. Miln's impersonation of Hamlet. Being somewhat a scorner of stage tradition, it was expected that ho wonld have introduced many startling inno vations and new renderings of the text. It was stated that, with a view to supposed consistency in tho character of old Polonius, tho advice given to Laertes would becxciscd, and tiiat even greater liberties would be taken with the ens- tomary stage business. Mr. Miln, however, dis played more good senso than to lay a sacrilegious band upon tho most popular, perhaps, ot Shakspoaro's creations, and was content witli a few unimportant verbal altera tions, wliiob scarcely .call for notice. For instance, in lieu of tho word "mobled" Queen, ho substituted "innoblod," tire old form of ignobled, for somo reason not very apparent. Mr. Miln's representation of tiro noble Dane is powerful, realistic and con sistent. The prince is made to appear not so much a dreamer absorbed in metaphysical speculations as a man of vigorous understand ing, natuto, of strong passions, with a set and terrible purpose boforo him, to which all other considerations aro subordinated, namely, to re venge tho murder of bis father. Hamlet, for this purposo, simulates madness, and succeeds in ultimatoly accomplishing his object, though in doing so no less than eight lives are sacri ficed. Most Shakspoarcan commontatora agroo as to tho prince's Banity, but somo actors, trust ing to tho vaguo expressions used in the text, aud tho wild incohorcncy of his action, have taken an opposite view. Mr. Miln is ot tho muscular school of humanity. Ro revels in tho Cambyscs mood, and with a consciousness of intellectual and physical strength glories in these passionate scenes which admit of fierce gestures and clamorous denunciation. Hence his interpretation of the young prince is suited to his robustious style. At the same time his conception is not on all fours, we think, with that of many writers and actors who have de voted themselves to the study of the character. In Goethe's opinion the prince displays "a pure, noble and highly moral disposition, but without the eucrgy of soul which constitutes a hero, which sinks under a load which it can neither support nor resolve to abandon altogether. Observe how he shifts, turns, hesitates, advances and recedes ; how he is continually reminding himself of his great commission, which he nevertheless in the end seems almost entirely to loso sight of, and this without ever recovering his former tranquillity." The estimate formed of Hamlet's character by Mr. Miln, if we are to judge by his perform ance, differs from this. No sooner arc his sus picions rospccting his uncle's criminality con firmed by the ghostly visitant upon the ramparts than he makes up his mind as to the course lie shall pursue, and he pursues it to the bitter end, when he plunges the poisoned dagger into tho heart of the royal assassin. No doubt he falters when he has the king at his mercy in the oratory, but his reasons for postponing his vengeance are terrible to one of a refined and superstitious mind. It is questionable whether this treatmont of the character is tho best adapted for dramatic purposes. It may be more impressive and afford greater scope for splitting tho ears of the groundlings, but tho sympathies of an audience would, wo think, be aroused to a greater degree by Hamlet being held irresponsible for his actions rather than be driv'on to believe that in kill ing old Polonius and driving tho wretched Ophelia to 'commit suicide, besides being an accessory to the execution of Rosou- cranz and Gnildenstern, ho was simply playing a part. However, those who witnessed Mr. Miln's Hamlet enjoyed a rare intellectual treat. He may in somo passages have mani fested undue tmeulenco of manner, and, con trary to his advice to the players, have violated somo of the canons laid down by him for their guidance; but in the soliloquies and sublime self-communings in which the real Hamlet is discovered the actor deservedly won the enthusiastic applause of Ills audience, and was called repeatedly boforo the curtain. Miss Jordan proved an invaluable acquisition to tho company. She appeared as Ophelia, and ren dered it with a grace and pathos that might work upon the sympathies of the most callous minded audience. Somo actresses repre sent the character as that of a weak foolish gill, whoso mental lesion was apparent throughout. Not so Miss Jordan. Her Ophelia is a sweet, loving, confiding, beautiful woman, whose reason does not givo way until she finds herself bereft of everything wortli living for— honor, parent, brother, lover, accompanied by accumu lated horrors and dread forobodings. In the gallery scene she is humble and forgiving to Hamlet, despite his harsh words. In the play scene she parries the brutal ribaldry of tho prince with that feminine dignity begotten of innate self respect and kindly commiseration for one supposed to be suffering from the direst of all human afflictions. In the mad scene, which is so difficult of management, she completed her triumph. Although the business followed by Ophelia in this scene must he of necessity more or less mechanical, yet Miss Jordan, without unduly forcing tho situation, made it ovcr- powcringly pathetic. She retails her own sad story like a ohild repeating her lesson, but her recurrent reference to her father was like the mournful chant of a lost soul, hopeless, despair ing. Even her maniacal laughter sounded the more dreadful as it brought back the minds of the audience to the real character of the scene dcpictod. Miss Jordan must he com plimented upon this, her first essay upon the colonial stage. Her ' success was pronounced. Mr. Geo. Ireland played the king,; and performed his task right royally. His Claudius has never been excelled in Mel bourne, being represented not a3 a mere lay figure, an adjunct, but as an important faotor in working out tho design of tho dramatist. Miss Kate Douglass was assigned the part of the queen, and displayed more ability than most of her friends would have given her credit for pos sessing. Mr. Hodson did not realise' the recog nised Polonius of the stage. The business was tolerably accurate, and lie was letter perfect as to the text, but it was in manner more than matter that he lacked. Sir. Cathcart was a mistake as the ghost. He looked the most wholesome comfortably corpulent spirit that ever visited tho glimpses of tho moon. His fleecy covering did not create an illusion. It was in a Pickwickian senso a fraud. Over his armor,:, which his Falstuffian proportions must have made it diffi cult to wear in comfort, was a muslin drapery caught at tiie shoulder with a huge brass safety pin sufficiently prominent to ho observable from tho back of tho dress oirclc. Now, though the dames in Hamlet's time may have been acquainted with tho uses of muslin, we must draw the lino at safety pins, which must bo accorded a much later date in chronological tables of inventions. tVo doubt also the pro priety of omitting tho gho3t from the chamber scene. Mr. Miln doubtless concludes that if the ghost really did appear, Gertrude, no less than Horatio ou the ramparts, must liavo seen it as well as Hamlet. But one of the raodireval theories regarding ghosts was that they could mako themselves visible to those alouc for whom tliey lmd a mis sion if they woro so minded. Besides tho ghost of Hnmlet's father explains tho object of his visit, namoly, "to whet thy almost blunted purpose." Tho substitution of a stream of light into tho apartmout docs not enhanco tho scono. On the contrary, wo think the innovation would he tho more honored in tho breach than the ob servance. In tho gravedigger scoue all who remembered the lato Johnny Hall could not but regret that tho " foil sergeant, death " had laid him by tho heels. SR. Poulton, who played it on Saturday night, had not tho remotest idea of the quaint humor of the character. Mr. Doug lass's performance of Laertes was in every respect conscientious. In a general way the acting all round was an improvement npon what Melbourne audiences have been accustomed to in connection with Shakspcarean revivals. On Tuesday evening about 500 University students attended the Opera House for the pur poso of witnessing Mr. Miln's performance in Hamlet. The family circle was devoted to their accommodation, and although during the inter vals they indulged in characteristic noise and banter, varied by singing and other demonstra tions, they accorded a respectful hearing to the play, and applauded vociferously where they considered the compliment was deserved. Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's Comedy Company have occupied tho Hibernian Hall, and though the building is removed somewhat off the accustomed track of playgoers they have been doing fairly good business with Betsy. It is gratifying to learn that a movement has been set on foot for the purpose of assisting the lessees of the Bijou Theatre, which was des troyed by fire; and judging from the large amount already subscribed we have little doubt that a substantial amount will be raised, if not sufficient to re-imbursc Messrs. Brough and Boncicatilt for their heavy losses. The Ruling Passion has kept the boards of the Royal for the week. The piece, however, is not of a character to become popular by repe tition, as boyond one or two scenes which depend for effect upon stage mechanism there is nothing in the drama to interest an audience. Sliamus O'Brien, an Irish drama, written by BIr. Dampier, has been drawing good houses (luring tho week at the Alexandra. Mr. IVrangham, wo learn, lias severed his connection with tire Alexandra, and is now engaged as agent for Miss May Holt, who has been playing to excellent business both in Bal larat and Sandhurst. Mr. Maccabc and Mdlle. Minnia have been touring the provinces during the week pre paratory to commencing a three weeks' season at tho Athoiuoum, Melbourne. On Monday and Tuesday they appeared at Daylesford, and were accorded a gratifying reception. " Begone Dull Care " seems to enjoy a perennial freshness which defies the ordinary effect of reitera tion. Professor Kennedy, the mesmerist, having taken St. George's Hall for a season, lias been drawing excellent houses during the week. The extraordinary phenomena exhibited by his sub jects would be deemed supernatural if he did not explain matters upon tho principles of hyp notic science. Frank Clark's Minstrels, at the Victoria Hall, are enjoying a profitable season. A critic in Truth, writing of Mr. Richard Mansfield's performance of Richard III., in London, observes : — If Edmund Kean could conveniently come out of his grave in Richmond churchyard and show us how he once played Richard ho would draw all Loudon. He will probably, however, turn in it when he hears of tho last modern representative of that historic character, unless' his purgatory is to know how badly Sliakspearc can be mauled by unpractised hands. But we need not go so far back as Edmund Kean to prove that the modern style of acting is ludicrously inappropriate to Shakspcare. j Long after even Charles Kean played Richard a certain despised actor, called Walter Mont gomery, would have given Mr. Richard Mans field and his companions a fair start and a good beating. Mr. Mansfield, with all his cleverness, is not a genius ; and genius alone can act or direct Richard III. so as to make tho ploy a popular success." Miss Isabel Morris, the .well known and popular actress, who has only recently fulfilled a years' engagement of a highly satisfactory character witli Messrs. 'Williamson, Garner and Musgrovo, and whose artistic efforts have been associated with some of the leading actors in Australia, is to be tendered a matinee benefit to-day (Saturday) by hor latest manager, Mr. Geo. C. Miln, and her brothers and sisters in the dramatic profession. Miss Morris sails almost immediately for America to fulfil an engagement at the Alcazar Theatre, San Francisco. 