CICELY DENNISON'S LOVE STORY. Br ilss. EL SI DB C. LAFFAN (Mas. IIEITB-ADAMS) Author of " Aunt Hepsey*s Foundling," "Geoffrey Stirling," Ac., &c.; CHAPTER XL 3TURM UND DRANG. No one ever really like* Christmas Day to come oa a Monday.' It is soo like two Sundays • coming together, And somehow spoils both. Nevertheless it is a thing that moat happen in the oonxse of the revolving years, and it so came about this jear of which I am now telling the story. Other things came about too. Theo and Jack came home looking more like two straggling poplar-trees than ever, as happy as monarohs newly oome into their . 'kingdom too; for, as Jack pathetically remarked, "Home is home, after all—and mlnos piss are mince pfai, and things of beaaty, if not exaotly joys, for ever." There were, however, drawbaoks to oar home feliolty, for Aunt Tabltha was of the ' staaitUced, old-fashioned Sabbatarian school, and any budding ideas of roasting ohesnuts or firing snapdragon on the Christmas Eve . bad tobe ruthlessly blighted. *' I wish the days wouldn't get themselves jumbled np so," said Jaok, with a lugubrious nttme, iwhen this fact was laid before him (tenderly and delicately! by Bab. Qo^ever. wo forgot all these troflbleslMfoce Christmas Ev» arrived. - We "had no thoughts • M give to anything when that Snnday morning dawned save for the gale that swept oar « -Mist, and threatened to carry death and deatraotion on its terrible wings. . . . . ' Captain jUnekecV forebodings had come • • trnsL ; The gnat waters had arisen in their might from the slnmber of inaction that had been indeed the brooding-time of misohief. It «M In the dark hours of the Saturday night that this awakening took plaoe. The wind, in long, heavy, ever-ruing sighs, began to moan round Heronhurst, like a Banshee striving to warn humanity of coming misfortune. In soft, resistless rushes of fury It passed fcy my window as I watohed and prayed. To me its sobbing spoke of infinite and terrible possibilities. The bare branohes outside tore and matched at the panes like frightened things striving to find shelter; and all the while I, Gioely Oenison, dreed my bitter weird, keeping vial—a weary, heartsickening vigil iff fear ana love. . . . What is presentiment 1 Which of us can define it? Which of as has not felt it! Which of ui does not know its awful, witchingpower? We try to oast It aside; we try to smile at our own folly in recognising it; but its spell Is on us, it olings, it grapples with us— finally it bears us down to earth. . . „ * What a night of unspeakable pain waa that tome! The voice of the tempest rising ever higher and higher was as the voioe of my own heart. I felt as though I were being pushed forward by invisible hands to some inevitable ordeal of suffering; some unknown agony that I shrank from pitiably. What—oh what was this fiery trial whose scorching breath already touched me! During the evening that was past Bab had been playing over and over again some melody that I had never beard before, but that now seemed incorporated in my very being. Its sad and pleasing refrain oame over and over to me as though it underlay the rush and whirr of the storm, a still small voice among the louder crash. . . . What were the words I had heard £ab crooning to this haunting melody :— " Never to know l Ah! never! . Never to know the heart that's aching. All for Our sake and almost breaking. Merer to know I. Never to know!" How the wind gathers strength and faiy! How heavy and dull Is the thud of the •waves along the shore! Dry dead leaves are 'whirled from the ground and dashed against the window—a gull is drifted inland, screaming as it drifts. . . . Thank God at last for the day-dawn. At all events one can see now, as well as hear. . . . And what a sight the dawning shows J Sky and sea are mingled in ghastly fashion as the waters upheave and the sky lowers. Purple and heavy, the olouds seem to rest upon the wave-orests, each muttering of mischief to be done and still greater abandonment of fury to oome. Yet I am glad for the -daylight—it is somewhat of a companion. Huddled up in a oorner of a window-seat I am unconscious of cold—unconscious of anything save the war of wind and wave that is going on there before ine . . . and from thence I watch the grey, ghastly light first touch and then spread out upon the scene of strife. . . . " I say, Ciss, what a ghost you look!" says Theo to me at breakfast; " did the storm keep yon awake ?" " Does oo' be a go'sse, Cissy dear?" chimes In Mollis, with big eyes on my white faoe. I hurriedly disclaim any ghostly pretensions, and take refuge In that universal feminine fiction—a heaaaohe. Would not a heartaohe have been nearer the truth ? " Here's a go!" said Jaok presently, pressing his snub now against the window-pane, and cramming his hands deep into his trousers pockets, " I shouldn't be eurprised to find a notice on the ohuroh door to say that Divine servioe is indefinitely postponed in consequence of old Seabright having been blown away. J nit look at Grim's donkey with its tail tuoked in tight between its legs, standing well under the lee of the oliff. What a shame to leave the poor beast out on such a night. Holloa! There goes the old curmudgeon to house his Hooks and herds, as represented by one Neddy in alL Thafa right I Go It splndleshanks! . , . The two of them will be over the beaoonhead, you bet. No! they've rounded the oorner. limes like.these are hard on man and - beast —particularly old Grid's beast. The fish are the only fellows that score, for even the deluge didn't upset their equanimity, I suppose." Here ensued a space of time devoted to whistling sottly—" Dinah, Dinah doe," the while we all flattened ourselves against the big bow window and stared seaward. What we saw there amounted in all to— nothing. Thebellyiogolondsdroopinglow. "brooded on the face of the waters." as we are told that the Great Spirit of the Universe brooded in the time that lies BO far back in the unfathomable past as to be beyond all power of a finite imagination. Chaos seemed come again in sky and sea, the waters above the firmament, and the waters below the firmauent, mingling with one another in horrible confusion and commotion. From this grey world of turmoil every now and then shot out a tongue of foam —as some breaker higher and stronger than its fellows over-rode the rest. • And still tho ohoros of "Dinah, Dinah doe !" went on olose at my ear, when suddenly Jaok stopped whistling and drew his breath sharply through his teeth. At this we all swayea more closely together, Mollie straggling wildly to secure a plaoe well in front of her elders. A curtain of olond had lifted for a moment, and let us catch a glimpse of .the seething oauldron of the sea—and there, looking a thing aa helpless as some poor broken-winged bird, we caught the faint outline of a vessel, saillessand with one solitary mast, studding, before the wind — drifting, drifting towards.th.014 golden ridges that were now the bad on which white-orested breakers 1 roared,' and foamed, and tumbled. " Look! .they are watohing from the station," cried Theo, with his arm about my shoulders,' and bending forward eagerly over Mollie'o head; and there, half-way up in the grey heavens, we saw a group of dark £gures. one a little apart from the rest. " Will she get through the Neok, or will «he »#ok cned Jaok madly excited, as the pbaatom ship struggled on, looking like a thing Of life and wHl, driven to desperate battle fojt dear life. • Then some one— Theo, I think—said, *' Cissy, Cissy, I say my lass; oome, oome I" and I knew that I was sobbing as I watohed, and had hard hold of Theo's arm, as though I • were a drowning sailor, and that somewhat bony stay a rope. You're slightly hysterioal this morning, my ny dear," said Jack, with bis usual air of patroaaee: patronage; "youll get a dose if Aunt libi rabitha sees you—cheer up ! She s past the Neok, ehe'll be as right as a trivet in a jiffey ; bit Bhaky, perhaps, but none the worse at bottom. Hark < there goes old Seabright's tin kettle. Get your traps on, girls, if you're coming. It won t be much trouble getting to church, for we shall have the wind on our backs and be blown straight in and right up under the parson's nose—see if we aren't —a prophecy that was almost literally fulfilled, though the journey to churoh was not without its pleasures to Mollie (who had plumply refused to be left behind), since she walked between her two strong brothers, and the ring of her merry laughter was borne fitfully oa the gusts of wind to Bab and myself coming on behind, and clinging oiose for mutual support. Papa never went to ohuroh with us, and no one ever dare suggest sucha thing. Mother's Bible alwayB lay on the little table by his reading chair, and a wee prayer-book he had given her on their wedding-day lap atop of it. We often found these disturbed and open—more than onoe saw where a tear had fallen on the page: but this was all we knew of our father's inner life. Aunt Tabltha, on all damp, wet, rainy, hot, or windy Sundays, read the servioe to herself at home, for fear of neuralgia, and apparently received much edification from the prooeed- • f»g. So th« fiYO Of as—three sisters, big and little, and two tall brothers—were in the habit of going to Church together, and (I am afraid) talking over the sermon afterwards with more freedom than deference. On this particular Sunday, considering the state of things outside, it was really amazing what a good congregation answered to the thin and weakly call of the " tin-kettle." To myself the feeling of being, for a time at all events, under a pressure that made calmness compulsory was inexpressibly welcome. Our choir was "no great shakes," as Theo put it; but the poorest of sacred music has a soothing effect on most of us; and we were distinctly "congregational" aa to hymnsinging—advanced (thanks to Walter's Oxford notions) many steps beyond Tate and Brady—and then I love hymn-singing, even the more halting kind of it. There is something solemn, too, in the voice of prayer and praise when the sullen moan of the tempest mingles with it, when the sough of the sea sobs to its tiro and fall, and the rush of the fierce and angry wind tells of man's helplessness and God's omnipotence. I felt rather than saw that Captain Heneker was in his place with little Franooli (rather battered ana rumpled as to his pretty golden locks by the walk from the elation) by his side. Onoe I caught the sound of a voice, deep and clear, above all the rest. " Because there isnoneothcr that tightest fo us. but only Thou, O Ood." Just as the Rector's quavering voice was Jeading us through the general thanksgiving, it seemed all at once as if tens of thousands of tiny missiles were flung against the diamond panes of the tali lancet windows on either hand. Hitherto there had seen no rain, only blustering wind and surging sea. Now tha rain was upon us, and the maddened waves, goaded as it were to greater fury, by the big drops that hit and rebounded -from their heaving sides, would be churned into one seething mass of foam, and grow more and mora pitiless towards what jetsam and flotsam they might find to make grim sport with. As though the very emergency of the oase renewed his youth within him, and gave him a new lease of energy, the Sector raised his voice high above the din and gave out the hymn as dearly as Cyril Dal ton himself could have done, and soon with the voioe of the tempest mingled the voice of prayer and pleading. " Sternal Father, strong: to save, 'Whose arm hath bound the restless ware, O hear us when we cry to Thee For those in peril on the sea t" My lips moved, but no sound oame. Once more the horrible oppression of presentiment was over me. The words of prayer and pleading seemed to rise from my heatfc, not as we pray for the many, but as a woman agonizes at the feet of God when her nearest and her dearest are threatened by some dire calamity. . . . Again prayer and tempest mingle their voices; again the cry for help sobs through the storm, " Ob bear us when we cry to Thee For those in peril on the sea!" Hark/ What Is that dull and heavy boom that riles above the riot of the tempest and the voioe of prayer and pleading? Again and yet again, it comes, rending its way to the strained ear through the turmoil that cannot deaden it It is the signal eon of a ship in distress. Rise higher, O ye voices of men and women, strive to pieroe to the heaven where God waits! There aie those in deadly peril near at hand— " O bear us when we cry to Thee For those in peril on tbe seal" . . . And, Oh! dear God S take pity on the bitter pang that pierces a woman's heart as she hears the voioe of a perilous duty calling to the man she loves! 