THE NEW PARLIAMENT. BY A CARPER. There is something sad, too, about the contemplation of this House, not that it is worse than its predecessor—on the contrary, on paper, it looks a great deal better, but as so many are new men, and so many are unshackled as regards paity allegiance, it is impossible to say whether it will be more workable or not. Interesting the view is, of course. In some instances pleasant, but in some other cases very far from plea sant. There are many old faces still there— many faces that ceitainly ought to be there, many that are sorrow ly and many that are gladly missed. Wo closed the last chapter of the old Parliament vnth some little anxiety on the mattci of Australian unity; we open this with that fear overcome. We closed the year of ’SS vv ith a strong and dangerous demon stration in force by the Farmers’ Union, we open the year of ’B9 with that ghost practically laid. The storm cloud has passed over us, and from light to light the changes ate startling. Whether, in spite of the greatei piomise, they will be an improvement is another ques tion. In some well knowu instances the improvement must be marked un less beneath the deep we find a lower depth, which is somiwhat unlikely; in other instances, the change is most legretable, and the improvement problematical. The well known face of Mr Bosisto was part of the Assembly itself, and it is haul to realise that its presence is no longer there To some natures there is nothing so dan gerous as a political calm, and in the present calm Mr Bosisto’s craft has gone down, on appearinces, never likely to be raised again. Not that he was by any means a firebiund, he was rather-the antithesis of that. “ Pleased vv ith the danger when the storms ran high” would never apply to his nature; but he was one of those steady, reliable, consistent natuies that are instinctively relied upon when the storms do ran high, and who, unfortunately, are haole to be forgotten when the dangers are past The white head and curious man nerisms of Mr Reid are also missing—gone also lu the calm “Now,” the sacred story iuns, “ there aiose anew king over Egypt vv ho knew not Joseph,” and in no place does that new king arise so quickly as in a Mel bourne’s suburb Ceitainly Mr Reid was not brilliant, but he had gone to the rescue of Ins party in its time of trouble, and somehow it gives one an unpleasant sort of shock to see him forced to give way, because Ins hair is grey, and the battle is now easier to win than it was nine years ago. Events move so quickly now a days that past services go for very little. Perhaps the greatest surprise of all is the absence of Mr Rees, one of the most unobtrusive and upright men that ever sat in Parliament, and holding what was thought to be one of the safest seats Why he went; under is a mystery Some say that he caire in contact w ith the onward march of the new nation, and went down, but the general impression is that the overconfidence of his fuends lost him Ins seat His 11 years’ work and uustai led politictl character deserved a better leturn from the electors of Grant The obstruc lives of the last Parli unentare missed with out regret, except, perhaps, in the case of the harebi lined ringleader, David Gmnsou, after whom, curiously enough, most people scud a kindly thought It he onlv had a little balance, but thcic’s the mb “Much virtue in an if,"siys “ louchstone ” I wish there was virtue, and not a piti ible failure, m this “ if.” There is a long list to vv horn the calm has been fatal, but whom nobody cares much about. “ Cornermen,” principally, who sat there so that they could reach either side w ith little trouble, and as they played their own game from end to end, few regret them Among the young faces tint ire missed there aie two, not by any me ms associ it *d, that demand more than i pissing iegret Dr Quick was one time looked upon as i politician of the brightest pi omise, hut now he merely stands to point a moral t > all young men entering the HouoC The pity of it is that the strange ability which lifted him from the mine to the doctor srobesdid note irry him further. Theie is much about this young nun’s career that it would be well to write, but the time is not y et. It may be th it the lesson will nht be lost, and someday he will come in his real strength, and then we will see a man of poweiful intellect and clear thought Mr Anderson, of Ciesvviek, fell i victim to old prejudices and the powerful opposition of a most accomplished party politician. Cres wick is scarcely to be congratulated upon the change; but his eclipse is but a veiy tempoiaiy one Of the new faces who fill these places what can be said? Nothing but what people hive heard said many times In some cases the change is hard to discern; in others it is marked, but the re suit doubtful In one instance a mau of wealth and money bigs gives place to one whom I once heard boast that he never went to bed sober. In other cases men who had to learn the very alphabet of politic vl economy have given place to men who know just as little Oi the many young men wo can only hope, and in hoping for success we are largely justified; and so the formal ceremony ends, for the fight is not to be just yet. This is merely a review, a march past. We can only guess what these 95 men hold in their power; only guess whether they have in them thoughts of the nation whose destiny is in their hands, or thoughts of self; whether from their efforts is to come progression or retrogression. We can only hazard a thought whether tluseavill develop into self seeking talkers or into Men, my brotli-rs, men, the workers, ever reaping hjim thing new. That which they have done, hit earnest of the th n o s tnat they shall do 