NOVEL. Hale-Weston. BY M. E. SEAWELL (in Lippincott's). (CONTINUED.) Chapter IX. Although the weather had been hot and bright in New York, it was cold and stormy for more than a week at Hale-Weston. Mrs. Weston, who loved warmth and light, had an excuse for having a little cheery fire lighted in her own little sitting-room, up-stairs, in the corner of the wing. Algy and Miss Fisher were then married and temporarily domiciled at Hale-Weston. Mrs. Angela had never, in all the months before, so wearied of Maria as in that one week of rain and clouds. She could not even get over to Mrs. Thorpe at Broomhill in the afternoons to hear what was going on in the county. Dr. Peyton had spent one evening with them; he came often now, to see Mr. Weston, who was strangely ailing of late, though not so ill as Henry Weston imagined. On the fifth afternoon of wind and rain, Mrs. Weston began to suffer for company. She sent over to Sparrow Point for Anne Brandon to come and stay with her. Anne arrived about five o'clock. Maria who was delighted to play hostess, met her at the door: 'So glad to see you! Mother,'—for so she called Mrs. Weston, to that lady's wrath, who could not, however, forbid her son's wife to do what custom required of daughters-in- law in those days,—'mother is not well. She is up-stairs. I will show you up. Ton turn to the left——' 'Don't trouble yourself,' said Anne, coolly, who was kind to Maria on the whole, but who objected to being patronized by her. 'I have known the way perfectly well ever once I could remember.' Mrs. Weston, too, was delighted to see Anne. She kissed her, and put her down in a great chair near the fire, and told her how near she came to sending the coach after her just to plague Maria. 'But if you are ever my daughter-in-law, Anne, you shall have the coach to return your wedding visits in, and I'll pay the visits with you. That's a promise.' At this, Anne's cheeks turned so beauti- fully red that Mrs. Weston concluded she need not trouble herself any more about Anne's perverseness. Girls do not blush that way for nothing. 'You will never have another daughter-in- law as obedient as Maria. She is deathly afraid of you.' 'I know she is,' replied Mrs. Weston, nod- ding her head, 'and I mean to keep her so. Now, if—I don't say it's certain, by any means; I am only speaking of possibilities— you and Henry should make a match, you would be the most independent daughter-in- law in the world, and Henry would make the most uncompromising son-in-law. Mr. Bran- don would not be able to frighten him any more than I could frighten you.' Mrs. Weston was in great good humour. The idea of the way Henry would rout Mr. Brandon tickled her immensely. 'Dear Mrs. Weston,' said Anne, quite out of patience, 'you make me dreadfully uncom- fortable. If you want to make Henry and me hate each other, just go on in that way for a little while.' Mrs. Weston would not desist immediately: 'Maria is already jealous of you. I don't do anything to relieve her mind, you may de- pend upon it.' But Anne, resolutely turning the con- versation, got Mrs. Weston off a topic that was very pleasing to her, but very embarrass- ing to Anne. Presently Mrs. Weston got back to Henry. It was generally understood that Henry Weston would come home for the summer at all events. He might come any week,—any day, almost. Mrs. Weston had heard through the Chevalier Vaughan that Henry was well, and staying at Fontaine- bleau. The letter hastening Henry's de- parture had evidently not reached France at that time. Mrs. Weston had not heard from Henry for seven weeks, and so imagined he had started for America immediately on re- ceiving her letter. He had probably written on the chance of the letter getting to her first, but the same winds that kept him back would keep the letter back too. Mrs. Weston was not uneasy. She was one of those well- balanced, strong-nerved women who reason naturally about things and do not borrow trouble. Presently they went down-stairs and had tea in the vast old dining-room, Mr. Weston looking pale and ill as they sat at table. An extra place was put, which Mrs. Weston, see- ing Anne glancing at, as if expecting another guest, explained with a happy smile was Hector's doing. Ever since Henry had been written for, and long before it was possible he could reach New York, that place had been set for him at every meal. Hector, whose wool had grown a little grayer, grinned with delight at the prospect of Henry's home-com- ing. 'When little Marse come,—I e'yarn call him nuttin' but dat fer ter save me,—he gwi' fin' he place all sot; an' he mammy'— this was Keziah, Hector's wife—'she keep he bed sheeted, an' he bureau full o' dem nice white shuts o' his'n, an' she stay so in- trusted wid dem conjurements in dat room, she ain' got time fer ter men' my close.' This was confided in a respectful whisper to Anne, who blushed again at finding herself the object of all information bearing upon Henry. Still, to be courted, and invited into the family and made love to as it were by everybody from Mrs. Weston down to Hector and Keziah, was certainly flattering. After tea they went the hall alcove, where a fire was lighted, and Mr. Weston drew up shivering to the blaze, while Mrs. Weston seated herself comfortably on one side of the table, with Algy and Maria on the other. Maria rivalled Elizabeth Brandon in her neatness and persistency in fancy-work. Toinette, a shy slip of fourteen, came up to Anne, of whom she was fond in her quiet, undemonstrative way: 'Anne, won't you play battledore in the hall with me? Miss Fisher—I mean Maria— used to do it before she married brother Algy but now she says it makes her arm ache and tumbles her hair.' 'Certainly I'll play,' cried Anne. 'It doesn't make my arm ache, and I don't care if it does tumble my hair.' While waiting for Jake, an attaché of Hector's who described himself loftily as 'Marse Henry's body-servant, sah,' to fetch the battledores and shuttlecock, Toinette con- tributed her mite of information about Henry in Anne's ear: 'I'll be so glad when brother Henry comes home. Algy is very good to me, but brother Henry is the most delightful brother. Anne, you don't know how easy it is to learn French verbs from brother Henry. And he takes me riding, and doesn't scold because I don't sit straight.' 'What a disreputable-looking old shuttle- cock, Toinette!' cried Anne, in reply to this, giving it a toss that sent it up to the ceiling. 'I'll make you a better one to-morrow.' The great folding screen was put across the space dividing the main hall from the alcove. Behind it and over it the warm red light of fire and lamp could be seen, but the hall it- self was only lighted by candles on the tall silver branches over the fireplace, which gaped black and vast and fireless. The game was very merry. Toinette who seldom spoke or laughed much, was in a perfect gale. Anne ran hither and thither, hitting the shuttle- cock every time, beating poor little Toinette's score unmercifully, but so gaily and good- humouredly that Toinette was quite recon- ciled. Mrs. Weston could hear their shouts of laughter as the two girls scrambled over chairs in the dim light, and with little screams dashed hither and thither over the polished and slippery floor after the flying shuttle cock. She liked youth and laughter and merriment. Toinette was so preternaturally quiet and Maria since her marriage so ex- cessively dignified that it was as bad as hav- ing no young people in the house at all. Even Mr. Weston smiled feebly. 'It sounds cheer- ful,' he said to Mrs. Angela, who heartily agreed. But the shuttlecock, already very dilapi- dated, got a final whack that burst it open, and Toinette ran off to Mammy Keziah to get it tied up, so that the game might be finished Anne, balancing her battledore on her fin- gers, went and looked out of the side-lights to the outer hall which was not so light that she could not see out into the night. The wind still howled, and the rain came down in sudden misty gusts. The trees were full of foliage, that soughed the louder as the blast rushed through them. A few clouds scudded over the dark sky, and far, far down the dark avenue, where magnolias rustled their polished leaves, a travelling-carriage was moving rapidly. Of course it was Henry Weston. Something told her of his approach and an invisible force held her to her place from which she could watch his arrival. The wind and rain drowned the sound of the wheels and the horses' hoofs. The carriage rolled nearer and nearer silently. Soon it had turned in the wide sweep of the gravelled drive up to the door. Henry Weston was leaning out of the window: she knew it was he, although the large hat he wore concealed his features. When the carriage drew up at the door, the dogs did not give the alarm. The carriage door was open, and he was on the ground and up the broad stone steps at three bounds. He did not rise the big brass knocker, but, turning the knob at once, strode into the hall, and face to face with him stood Anne Brandon. He seized her suddenly, almost violently. 'My dearest!' he said, and strained her to his heart. By this time the noise of the opening door and the rushing in of the chilling breeze had aroused Mrs. Weston and the others in the screened-off alcove. Mrs. Weston ran for- ward with a delighted cry: 'My son! My son!' In a instant they were all around him. Not anything, not even that French girl at the hair-dresser's in New York, who ought then to have been with him, could utterly mar for Henry Weston the joy of that meeting. There was Anne, who stood silent, trembling, flushing, and yet happy; his mother, who hung upon him fondly, and tried to unfasten his great Spanish travelling-cloak, and could not do it for tears and laughter; and Mr. Weston, who for once touched them all. He could only hold Henry Weston's hand in his, and say over and over again, 'How glad I am that you have come! I was afraid you would not come. I did not wish to alarm you.' 'I came, sir, the very moment I heard of your illness. Nothing could have kept me.' Two tears trickled down the ex-overseer's homely and somewhat foxy face. 'It's such a comfort to see you,' he cried. Algy, too, and Maria, were smiling. Algy relished his brother's hearty congratulations, after the lukewarm ones he had received, and when Maria found herself saluted with a fraternal kiss she felt for the first time that she was one of the Westons. 'I congratulate you, old fellow,' said Henry, clasping Algy's hand. 'I saw you were winged before I went away. You always were a deuced lucky fellow.' Algy blushed with pleasure. His brother's backing was of great moment to him. Little Toinette had slipped her hand in Henry's, and was whispering in his ear, 'I can ride the bay pony now you have come home.' How sweet, how pleasant it was to him, after the hair-dresser's family and the shop with sixteen heads in the window! Then Hector had given the alarm, and the house-servants came flocking in, headed by Hector and Keziah. Keziah held him in her arms, and kissed his hand with delight. 'Gord bless my young marse! Missis, ain't he de han'somest thing you ever seed? Jes' look at he h'yar, de way hit curls!' 'Hush, you old flatterer! I've got some- thing in my trunk for you.' 'Has you, honey? And you thought 'bout yo' po' ole mammy 'way off in dem furgitious places? I got a clean shut fer you, honey, ter put on in de mornin'.' 'Keziah, fur de Lord's sake let somebody else git d'yar an' shake he han'. Come up heah, you niggers, an' shake yo' young marse's hans.' Presently, when the house-servants had all shaken hands and blessed and exclaimed and yah-yahed, and Hector had made a big bowl of punch to celebrate the occasion and had handed it around, and Jake had bustled about putting wood on the fire, and Keziah had gone off to get little Marse's room ready, they gathered in the little alcove. Anne was no interruption to the family party. So intimate had they always been that there were no reserves between them. She sat on one side of Mrs. Weston, still toying with the battle- dore. Mrs. Weston thought she had never seen her look so pretty, or so happy. Quite naturally she and Henry got back to the old intimate, half-bantering way between them, although to each the other occupied a new attitude. Their positions were reversed. Henry Weston, crashing down in despair, felt that the worst that had yet befallen him was to give up Anne Brandon. But, like other wretched wrong-doers, he put his wretched- ness and his wrong-doing out of sight for a little while. It was almost happiness, then, to see her once more. 'I suppose I ought to take the first oppor- tunity of thanking you for the charming fan you sent me,' she said. 'Of course you ought. You might have done it half an hour ago. Elizabeth would have been more prompt. I shall remember Elizabeth in the distribution of my gifts from Paris.' 'Do. I could always get anything I pleased out of Elizabeth.' 'Anne,' cried Mrs. Weston, 'if I were you I would flatter him until you see what he has brought home with him. You will have the whole summer to quarrel with him.' 'Thank you, ma'am, for your advice. I shall begin right away. His hair does curl beautifully. His nose, too, is straighter than when he went away.' 'Disparage me as you like, you will never make me admit that you are not the prettiest girl in the country,' answered Henry Weston boldly, with a glance of open admiration in his dark eyes. Mrs. Weston laughed. Things were certainly going finely. There was Henry making open love to Anne the minute he saw her, and Anne confused and vexed, but anything but displeased at it, if Mrs. Weston could read the signs,—and she thought she could. It was midnight before they knew it. 'To bed! to bed!' cried Mrs.Weston, waving her hand up the stair-case, as Jake appeared with candlesticks. Henry Weston gave his arm to his father, who walked more actively than for months up the stairs. Mrs. Weston ran up like a girl of twenty, and showed Anne her room. 'Good-night,' said Anne, bowing to the group in the upper hall, as Jake, flourishing a tall silver candlestick, prepared to escort her to the door of her room. 'Here, you, sir, give your master your arm, said Henry Weston; and, taking the candle from Jake's willing hand, he himself lighted Anne to her door, and pressed her hand as he said good-night. Do not be too hard on him. He was so unhappy. Even Mr. Weston smiled when he rejoined them, and his mother drew him in her dress- ing-room and shut the door. How handsome, how tall he was! What an indescribable air of elegance he had acquired! No Miss Fishers for him. Perhaps that misadventure of Algy's made Mrs. Weston a little more eager about the scheme she was fomenting between Anne and himself. She never could feel altogether sure now until he was safely married. She had been taken in once, and it behooved her now to be prudent. Anne Brandon had everything necessary to make the match an equal one, except money; and money was the one thing Henry Weston could do without. But when, standing over him as he lay back in her favorite arm-chair, she spoke openly of this cherished plan of hers, sharpened by her experience of one daughter-in-law, a look she could not under- stand, and which gave her strange forebod- ings, came over Henry Weston's face, and suddenly, putting his arms around her, he leaned his head on his mother's breast and uttered a groan so deep, so full of despair, that it could only come from the depths of misery. Mrs. Weston was a strong woman, but her nerves were shaken. She had never seen anything like that. And presently, still holding to his mother, he told the whole wretched story. It would be hard to describe the horror of disappointment which Mrs. Weston en- dured. At first she did not quite take it in. With that strange characteristic of all women in their judgment of men, she could have forgiven him wickedness much more easily than weakness. When he convinced her that it was no mere escapade, but that he had behaved like an honourable man, she was overwhelmed with despair. She wept tor- rents of tears, and wrung her hands as she walked the floor. She reproached him vio- lently, not for his entanglement with Jeanne, but for making her his wife. 'I could for- give you all, anything, but that!' she gasped, livid and trembling with grief and excite- ment. 'To have married her,—that was the real crime!' Henry Weston looked at his mother with a singular expression upon his face: 'What was I to do, mother? Would you have had me play the rascal? At least I am a gentleman still. I can look an honest man and an honest woman in the face.' 'Can you? Then it is more than I can. What have I ever done in my life that I should have to suffer thus? And I was the proudest mother! Oh, could you but have thought of me, you would never have married that woman.' Something brought to Henry Weston's mind that little scene with the Chevalier Vaughan, so many years ago. Did she think of him then? 'It is done now?' he said, sullenly. 'But it must not be known. Oh, heavens! Could I but see the Chevalier! Promise me that you will keep it a secret, at least for a little while. Spare me—spare your father for a little while!' In the extremity of her grief and despair, Mrs. Weston did not know why she asked this, except that second only to the misery of her knowing this dreadful thing about Henry Weston was the shame of having it known in the county, and she held on desperately to the idea that there was some way out of it. And if Mr. Weston should know it Mrs. Weston grew faint and her heart almost stopped still at this apprehension. Perhaps the Chevalier Vaughan, with all his brains and tact and worldly wisdom, might be of help. It was only a straw, but she grasped at it and clung to it. And, just as Henry Weston had done when his wife made the same suggestion, he refused, and then suffered himself to be per- suaded. 'Only until I see the Chevalier Vaughan, —until I can consult with him.' she urged, anxiously. 'What good can consulting with him do?' replied he, still sullen. 'Will consulting break a legal marriage? for I tell you it is as hard and fast as I could make it. And did I say that I wished it broken? I did it with my eyes open.' 'But for your father's sake—consider, he is not well. Sometimes I think he is much more ill than he appears. Dr. Peyton is here so often. Think what the blow would be to him.' It was all weak, inadequate, if not worse, yet at last he agreed: 'But I will make no promise. It may come out any day. I may choose to reveal it; she may.' Mrs. Weston was thankful for even a little respite. 'And I had plans for you!' she cried weeping,—for she had melted into tears, and sat on the sofa opposite him, and wept and wept. 'I thought Anne Brandon would be a fitting wife for you ' 'Say no more,' replied Henry Weston, rising with a look that checked his mother's tears as well as words. 'There are some things about which even you must be silent.' And he went out, closing the door after him. Mrs. Weston did not know how long she sat there. It was getting cold. With the dull curiosity which makes one wonder at such times how long one has suffered, she glanced at her watch. It had run down. She opened the door to look at the big brazen-face clock that ticked loudly in the upper hall. Under Anne Brandon's door, on the other side of the hall, she saw a thin thread of light. It was nearly three o'clock. Mrs. Weston crossed the hall and tapped lightly at the door. 'Anne,' she said, in a low voice, 'are you ill?' Anne opened the door. She was still fully dressed. The candle flickered faintly, and the broad bars of moonlight on the floor—for the night had cleared off—were plainly visible. Mrs. Weston's pale face showed that some- thing was the matter. Anna drew her into the room. 'Why do you look like that?' she asked. 'You frighten me.' 'I've had a blow, Anne; I've had a blow,' was all Mrs. Weston could say, as she sat down on the bed and clasped Anne's hands nervously. Anne grew a little pale: 'Is it—is it about——' 'Yes.' These two women each knew the person in the other's mind. 'He has had an—entanglement.' Mrs. Weston thought it kind to tell her this much. But she could not bring herself to tell the rest. If only he had not married her! A wave of anger, shame, and all that one could feel of pain swept over Anne. He had held her in his arms, and had called her ' Dearest;'—and there was another woman! Something in her face impelled Mrs. Weston to tell her more than she had intended. 'He fancied his honour involved; he has done what can never be undone.' 'I think I understand,' said Anne, in a strained voice. 'At least he has behaved honourably. That should be a genuine com- fort.' 'Do you call that comfort?' cried Mrs. Weston, seizing her almost fiercely. 'Do you call it comforting that he has sacrificed himself and you and me to a shadow,—an idea?' 'Yes,' said Anne, in the same voice. 'It is very hard, but it is right, I suppose. Any- how, one must try to love what is right. But it would have been better for me had he be- haved wickedly and shamefully, because, al- though one cannot stop loving all at once, nor can one love but once,—yet if he were not worthy—I don't know how one can stop loving just because the man one loves has had one weak moment. That is why it is so hard.' Mrs. Weston listened attentively to this speech. 'Anne,' said she, presently, 'I don't un- derstand you: we are very unlike. I hate folly much, worse than wickedness; but I know that if I had my way I would rather that Henry should marry you, with nothing but the clothes you stood in, than any other woman in the world.' 'But he is married already,' answered Anne, with the ghost of a smile. 'I did not say so,' cried Mrs. Weston. She certainly had not meant to say so. 'Mrs. Weston,' answered Anne, 'conceal- ments are useless between us. I know enough; and you know of me what I once thought I would have died rather than tell you.' 'But it must be kept very secret,' said Mrs. Weston, and halted here, and did not know what reason to give, except that the dreadful moment might be postponed as long as possi- ble, 'for my sake and his father's. It would kill his father, I believe. And, Anne, I charge you now with a message for the Chevalier Vaughan, if you should see him first,—a message which you must give him at the first opportunity,—just as soon as you hear of his arrival in the county,—because something might prevent me. Tell him, for my sake,—for sake, do you hear?—that he is to say nothing about what Henry did in Paris.' 'I will,' replied Anne. Mrs. Weston kissed her good-night. Her eyes were quite dry and bright, although tears rained down Mrs. Weston's cheeks. As soon as she was gone, Anne undressed quickly and went to bed. Of course it was best, al- together best, that he should do right,—poor Anne felt a thrill of pride in Henry Weston at that very moment,—but then one must suffer a great deal. 