loccdan. THE ARCHDIOCESE OF ADELAIDE. The Second Diocesan Synod. The Feast of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, of this year of grace, will rank amongst the most important in the annals of the dioceBe, not only from the formal publication of the decrees of the First Plenary Council of Australasia, but also from the fact that the missionary character of the diocese is giving place to a more canonical form of church government by the establishment of diocesan consultors, which is a preparatory arrangement towards the founding of a permanent Chapter and of Rectories or quasi Parishes, which, whilst giving to the Rectors fixity of tenure, will not impede such arrangements as the Episcopate and the Holy See may have to make in Australasia, where affairs arising from our late missionary state, may require some changes or modifi cations. The preparations involved no small amount of labor on the Archbishop, under whose presidency the Synod was carried ont. For the last month the faithful were asked to join in public supplication to the Most High, asking special light and blessing upon the Synod, the clergy making daily invocation of the Holy Ghost on its deliberations. On the Sunday pre ceding the Most Adorable Sacra ment was exposed, in answer to a circular, from His Grace, in all the Churches of the city and suburbs, in all the Convent Chapels, and the principal centres throughout the diocese. All the priests and people entered fully into the importance of the work to be done; vast numbers of the laity offered special communion, and afterwards kept watch before the MoBt Holy in solemn prayer for the intentions of their Chief Pastor, and for those who would assemble with him in Synod. At 8.30 a.m. all the clergy assem bled in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, and were joined by the Archbishop robed in full pontificals and wearing the Pal lium. The priests of the diocese, secular and regular, vested according to their respective rank; the secular in sontanne and surplice, the regulars in their habits. Five fathers of the Society of Jesus were present, viz., Father Thomas O'Brien, Superior of the Society in South Australia; Father Julius Harden, Rector of St. Aloysius College; Father Anton ResChaur, Arch bishop's Theologian ; Father Joseph Peters, and Father Anton Herberg. The Carmelites, Father Prior Kelly, and Fathers Carr and Murphy. The following priests were also present:— Revs. John Healy, George Pierce, Francis O'Neill, Peter Jorgensen, Phil lip Landy, James Martin, Aristide Gandolfi, Michael Hourigan, William Vincent Prendergast, Mark Belahunty, Thomas Doheny, Thomas Lee, Corne lius O'Donnell, Charles Church, James Byrne, Patrick Joseph Enright, John Benedict MacMahon, William Joseph McEvoy; Deans Kennedy, Nevin, and Ryan; Archdeacon Russell; the Secretary of Synod, George M. Wil liams ; and the Notary of Synod, Thomas Francis O'Neill,; the Promoter of Synod, Frederick Byrne, S.T.D.; the senior priest of the diocese and celebrant of the Synodal Mass, Michael O'Brien. Punctually at 8.45, His Grace having intoned the " Stfb tuiim pre sidium Sancta Dei Genetrix," the choir chanted the Litany, and at the " Sancta Maria ora pro nobis" the procession moved from the hull, enter ing the Lady, .Chapel, and passing on through the Nave, entered the chancel. First came the cross-bearer and acolytes, the chanters, F.F. Hurley, Doheny, Enright, and MacMahon; the clergy two and two; the Carmelite Fathers, the, Jesuit Fathers, the Assistants to Throne, Deans Nevin and Ryan, the Archbishop, preceded by his croBs-bearer, followed by the Celebrant of the Mass, in Liturgical vestments. Father McEvoy acted as Master of Ceremonies. The Litany ended, the Archbishop ascended the Throne, and the Mass of the tfoly Ghost was coinmen|ed, ail the clergy kneeliog in their -respective, places. The Holy Sacrifice being the Archbishop moved to the altar sod, said the pre scribed prayer, *' AdSUmas qafflsumus Domine,"after wirichhe intoned the; "Veni Creator SpiritU8," which was taken up by all ..present. The Litany of the Saints wasnext chanted by the j priests, and at prescribed places His Grace arose, turning towards the assembled fathers bearing the crozier, prayed that God; would vouchsafe to j bless, sanctify, and preserve the Synod, &c.;, &c.; At end of Litany, the Master of Ceremonies called on the congrega- . tion to withdraw ais the private session ' of Synod was about to begin. His Grace then addressed'the fathers j assembled. We are permitted to say that he earnestly impressed upon them the educational wants of the diocese, and especially urging the founding of a Diocesan Seminary for the due training of youth, how offering for the sacred ministry, &c.; (It is hoped he will allow his discourse to be published.) The usual decrees were then read by the; Secretary, after /which the Promoter addressed the Archbishop and requested that the canons of the Council of Trent, regarding the profession of faith, and obedience to the successor of St. Peter, be observed by all assembled in this Diocesan Synods His Grace having assented in the usual formula, the Secretary read the canon of the Council of Trent, " Be FideiProfessione Facienda," after which the Archbishop read aloud, at the foot of the altar, the Profession of Faith, in the name of all, they following in an undertone, ahd with his hands on the Sacred Gospels said, " This Faith I "nromise, vow, and swear to observe," then kissing the Sacred Volume, added, " So help me God and His Holy Gospels Then seated before the altar, holding the Book of the Gospels in his hands, the clergy advanced two and two, and kneeling, kissed the Holy Gospel, repeating the same formula ; the Notary recording what was done. Other special business of Synod was proceeded with, and towards the close of the session His Grace announced that in conformity with the decrees of the Ple nary Council of Sydney, now approved by Borne, that he nominated Diocesan Consultors, and- having enumerated their dutiefygave the briefs of appoint ment to the Secretary to read. The following were nominated :—The Very Bevs. F.F. Bryne, S.T.D., Dean Ken nedy, Dean Nevin, Bevs. M. O'Brien, G. Williams, P. M. Jorgensen. He next announced that he had appointed, procurators for the clergy, and distributed copies of decrees to be promulgated in jSynod, directing the clergy to giye^j^ ..r writing to their procurators whaf} they wished to say, &c.; The first .session ended at 1145, and they adjourned for recess, and at 1 o'clock dined as the guests of the Archbishop. At 3 o'clock all reassem bled in the hall, and went again in pro cession to the Cathedral in same order as before, singing the hymn, " Ave Mavis Stella." Prayer was again offered, and the second session commenced. Several matters were brought forward by the rev. procurators, and duly dis posed of when His Grace suspended the standing orders for awhile, stating that he bad a matter to bring before them that, he felt, would be a source of great satisfaction to all, viz, the establishing of permanent rectories as a tentative measure for the founding of parishes. He then paid—-We, therefore, in accordance with' the intentions of the Plenary .Council, and by our own authority, declare to you rev. fathers and , consacerdotes, that We have erected the following churches: —St.Mary's, ".^uxiliiim Xtiaoorum," . at Morphett Valp, the Mother Church of the diocese ; St. Boss's, Kupuoda; ,Our Lady of yictories, Glenelg; St. Lawrence marf^,'., ,$fortb Adelaide; .and as parishes, apdWe cojlate unto the said churches the following priests of our dioceseTo St. Sljary's, 'the Rev. Michael O'Bri.en, senior priest of the dioceBe; to, St. Hose, the Very Bev. Frederick Byrne, S T.D,; to our Lady ot Victories, the . Ven. Archdeacon Boeseil; to St. Lawrence Martyr, the Very Rev. WiHiam Kennedy; and to St. Paul Apostle, the Very Bev. Michael J Byan. Each of the above ; approached His Grace and received " from him their letters of appointment ' After the newly elected Hectors took .their plaoes His Grace said—1 have another appointment to notify unto you of one who has done much to extend the kingdom .of Christ in the diocese, of one who has labored with me weU and long in building the principal churches now forming the Diocese of Port' Augusta. We hereby appoint the Very Rev. Bernard Nevin, formerly Dean of Port Augusts, as Archpriest of our diocese, with all the rights and priveliges appertaining thereunto. The duties of the Synod were then resumed, and the formal publication of the Decrees of the Plenary Council of Sydney then took place. The public* ation of the special decrees of the Diocesan Synod were then promulgated, and as the Secretary read them, a few cursory remarks were made upon them { by the Archbishop. ' The election of diocesan examiners followed, the Archbishop having nominated Dr. Byrne and Father Reschanr as his examining theologians. The clergy were directed to elect three of their body by baUot, which resulted in the election of Yen. A. Russell, Very Rev. Dean Kennedy, and Rev. George M. Williams. The business of Synod, was so far accomplished by the time the Angelus bell tolled, that the rev. promoter in usual form petitioned for closing the session, requesting the Archbishop's benediction. His Grace saying " ita fieri decernimus et mandamus," anddirectedtheSecretary i to read the Decrees for concluding the! Synod. The Archbishop was vested, again with the Pallium, and at the foot! of the altar intoned the Te Deum, with the versicles and prayers, which were duly responded to by the Fathers assembled, after publishing the indul gences, be sang " Recedamus in pace,"1 the clergy answering '• In nomine' Christi. Amen," all returned in proces-j eional order to the Sicristy. They were united to partake of tea, and many were tne congratulations exchanged on' the successful issue of the day's labori the completion of the Second Diocesan j Synod, in which so much has been done for the wellbeing of religion and edu cation in the Diocese. ; i We take this opportunity of recording | that the first Diocesan Synod was held on Wednesday, within Octave of Pente-j cost, A.D., 1885, to arrange matters foe I discussion at the first Plenary Council j held in November same year, in the Cathedral of Sydney, under the Presi-j dency of the Cardinal Archbishop,, who j was appointed by our Holy Father Lecj XIII. to preside in capacity of Dele-* gate Apostolic. On the feast of Sti Mark Evangelist, April 24, A D. 1887; the Decrees of the first Plenary Council received the solemn approval of the Holy See, and were formally promul gated in Sydney in presence of most of the Bishops of Australasia during the jubilee celebration of the founding of the Church in New South Wales} which happened in the days of the Centennial celebration of that colony! the Cardinal, the Archbishops, ana Bishops, had a special meeting, and many Decrees and regulations were enacted. We believe that almost all the Sees of Australasia have now formally promulgated the Decrees of tb^ Plenary Council. j His Grace will hold (D V.) Confirj mation in the Cathedral on the Feast of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, ! Si. Andrew's, Balaklava.—The new. church is happily completed. The dedication is fixed for Octave of Immacj ulate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary. More of this anon. j The Provincial of the Society eg Jesus has arrived per S.S. Britannid, on special visitation of the Order in Australia. 