DIANA. She was as straight as an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar j white skin which does not tan nor grow j sa.low. The first Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination of masculine strength and feminine beauty -not feminine enough to be wholly woman, nor masculine enough be be wholly man. Her dress was half one and half the other. A man's black slouch hat covered her head, | and a man's black coat protected her shouli" ;rs; a petticoat of thick, dark stuff hid the rest of her down to the ankles of her boot-shod feet. She rode a huge black stallion, a creature as splendid and liery and scornful as the scornful, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. An imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in the dilating nostrils, upflinging heads, and eyes restless with untamable de fiance the close kinship of two souls before metempsychosis made one beast and one human. She was Diana; the horse's name was " Satan." Diana loved Satan and Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of them loved any other living thing,and it was a certainty that no other living thing loved either of them. Diana pulled the rein and Satan stopped with one fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a ebony-statued Gentaur. Before them the sun was setting-sinking, sliding down a little and a little into the futbermost edge of the plain. So sul£?y and red and so close to the dead grass it seemed it must set it a tire. Behind them the blue, snow-lined wall of the Sierras reached up to the clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many league crystal bosom seemed struck by some I sudden transforming force of nature, I and each single drop of water changed to ; diamond. I The ebony Centaur let its foot slowiy to the ground : it took off its slouched hat, its four eyes looked straight into the west. A lizard scampered away, rustling the ] dry grass with its scaly legs, a squirrel 1 vanished into its hole in the ground, and a 1 jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, reared up ? on its baunclies, with eyes standing inquii- 3 ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared as j straight aL the Centaur as those of the Cen- j taur stared into the west, j For all other sign of animated existence on i the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted spread its glow : the glory in the west and the gray in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple-glittered, glisten ing, diamond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-fleeced clouds, in silver and crimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered and toppled over into a smoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the sky slipped down, to the earth and spread over the hot ground and the crown dead clover. It crept to the feet of the Centaur, and over its blacK glossy hide, and stole into the face of the woinau. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, tbe hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted ber features with the pureness of the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur was transfigured. A broad-branched oak-the only tree for miles around-stood near; a man, followed by a slieep-dog, stepped from behind* lie made no noise and was not seen. He was sun-burucd, and unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an odd twitching of the muscles abuut his mouth, and as he watched th« process o£ trajsfor maliou in the woman's face, its spirit leaped inio his own. Without any conscious volition he reached forth his hands and cried out, " Diana.-"1 Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did she hear 1 She touched the rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur was a passive transfiguration no longer. It was again the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hating humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. The man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, then walked slowly away, taking an opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as be approached the door of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with the nama of 44 House." " See, Bill, will ye, looks like he was walk in' home in the shadder of his coflin, and Sliep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' sheep." The man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other: 41 Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of his bad ways. 1 wouldn't won der if he'd seen that woman again. I t's enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him the way he looks after he's seen her." 44 Ha'nt be dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid fantasmagory a ha'ntin' me. " Stop-he'll hear you." The one who spoke last got up and walked cut at the back aoor to stop the talk of the other. 44 Well, I'll be golled; if I was as thin skinned about other people's feelin's as some people, I'd ge^ me a patent outside," mut tered Brassy. The cause of the remarksseated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood- pile m the yard, took out his pocketknife and com menced whittling. "Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking out as be passed back and forth, cooking supper; "alluz whittles when he's got'em. JJurn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them line-haired feel in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookiri'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with toe brine so close to his eyelids to bile inurphys.' Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the month? Seen a ghost or anything ?" I Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. "Yes, I've seen a ghost. Supper ready I" " Ko, but I've got her ona-bilin',"' cheerily ; answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have re jected the mathematics of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. " Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollected, that grub hez to be cooked, and nary one of which everforgitstofeel the symptoms of approach in' meal time. Hut which ever side you git on, grub's in the middle, therefore splicin' .two and two, and makin' it versus aun!i:io?;a quality which is grub. 1 (ind by those tiggcr in' that grub is the syntax of life, hu'the result of the calkerlation is Brassy hez to cook it." Brassy had to talk. If he had not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody, reserved Bill, child-hearted Dainty, who had been rechristened thus by i by Brassy because of his slightness of | stature and fastidious ways, and theirrepres- ] sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked when he should have said noth ing, and said nDthing when he should have talked, and alwaya hit in the wrong place. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on ttiat territory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast lonesom^ness. Bat in a climate where the ^squirrel, the owl, and tbe rattle snake dwelt peacefully in the same abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, and the men sat out side of the cabin, two of them taking their after-supper smoke. The mysterious calm of the breezeless night had put upon them its . spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove- wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be tween his thnmb and forefinger, and blew contented little jj tail's of smote away from i his mouth. Brassy tugged and puffed at an I old pipe, and watched Bill from under the | rim of his hat. *' Bill," said he, " you ought to smoke ; it"d be a mighty comfort to you, an' save a heap o" good stove-wood/' Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift ends of the stick and whittle vigor- ! ously. Dainty moved uneasily and gavu 1 Brassy a warning glance ; but DO warning j glance ever could catch Brassy's understand- | ing. Jle always maintained it was against! his principles to take hints. " Yes, smokin' is the most continuous com fortin' amusement 1 know of ; nothiif like it to put a man in good sperrits, onless it's putt in1 good sperries in a man ; an' stove wood in this country is mighty hard to ger. j Ves, Bill, you ought to take to smokin'. It s 1 palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'llabiau steeds to i the pore man. Course they got up in smoke, but they're his while they're goin'. I f you'n; hungry, it's a sort of soothinent to the placc; 't's achin' for victuals. If you're alone in :» howlin' wilderness it's wife, children, and I friends-they go up in smoke, too, but y"» I hare 'em while they're goiiT; :in it keeps the 1 female sect from liu'in ;n' a lonescme baclio ! lor." lie looked comieaiJyat Dainty, and nodded toward Bill. Dainty puckered his brows into a rn-jst speaking froivn and ashed, " Brassy, do you know why you arc not like my old kiote V' "Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts up sometimes. Yes, there's most always some difference between {people and old knives ; now, there's Bill " Dainty jumped up and threw away his cigarette. "Boys," said he, "let's take the dogs over to the river and tree a wild cat." Brassy pockcted his pipe immediately. " llight, me lord, I'm yourn when it's wild cats you talk. An'if Bill wants to go. the triumvirate's agreed ; if he don't 4 He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, But his days they will end on the isle of St. Helena.' " He sang the lines of the old-fashioned, long-out-uf-datc song in a most unmusical voice, and it might nave been the melody that made Bill start so suddenly that iie overturned the stool oil which he sat ; it might have been the moonlight that made liiiu pale. Daiiuy hastened to interpose, with the suggestion that if they were going they bad better start. He could not have told why he thought Brassy's iusinuating nonsense would give pain to Bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natures that know nameless things by intuition. He did uot care for wild cat hunting, but knew prowling I about in the river bottom, trying to scare up j " varmints." was one of Brassy's weaknesses. Beside, theie were few diversions to bruik the monotony of thesbeep-herders'existence, even though there were three of them, and they herded their own Hocks and rode their own hoists. It has beeu said jocularly of sheep-herd ing, " It takes but three months to turn the struugest biain." The saying had a good foundation, more especially if the time were summer. Think of a human being, endowed with the attri butes of divinity, set down on those vast plains to follow. ti;>y after day. a thousand head of bleating sheep-sheep are always bleating; day alter day to see the sun rise, red and sultry, tu shine ail day through a cioudlcss, changeless sky on a changeless, brown, ^tirade-glimmering landscape, ami sink oiit of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To he;:r, night al't^r night, the west wind always the west wind- blowing iLs dreary music, ami the howl of the prowling eo3'ote. right, after night the same sounds, oay after day the same scenes, his companionship the lizzard and the horned-toad-always follow ing round and round that thousand head jf bleating sheep The moon was high up in the sky when they reached the timber of the river, which was about three miles from their camp. " Boys," again said Dainty,i; I'm somehow sorry 1 asked you to come to-night: I feel like something was going to happen, and j that we ought to get out of here as ({uick as : we can. " Oh, gosh, Dainty, your feelin's is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'pose could happen I Think. Goaquiu 31 arietta er Three-lingered .lack's a luxuriatin' in the shadders of the. .?mderbrush, scented our money-pocket* an* layin far us. as it were V Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, and Dainty said no more of his undeiincJ fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be killed, mucu to Brassy's dis gust. Tired out, they started home. " Listen, don,t you hear a curious sound i" said Dainty. ^11 of them stopped and listened, but only for a moment. " Merciful God shouted Brassy, '-ri;E for your lives, it's the river overiloxved They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars,and many stumblings. .. If we could only get to tbe slough fust,' p amed Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of waicr higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftness upon them. The water from the river overtook them and j Japped around their feet and up to thfcir waists. It was useless now to try to reach the elough, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muilied roar was too near. They were between two floods: it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted him into the forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. J*>e hind them was the terrible, swift, roiling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows: before tliem the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three hours before, rolled another river. sv,-ifa llowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent wilh ibeir weight, sometimes dipping them into the I chilling water, and shook and shivered io its I topmost twig wheti some lioaiiu-- object ! lodged against it. Higher rose the flood and swethed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold -soeold clinging; and the night au balmy and warm, and the moonlight dolt and Bo beautiful. " Partners," said Urassy, " I reckon we're eucbered this time." "Looks like it," responded Bill, and I'm <juite willing-." " Well. then, you're the fust man 1 ever saw that v.\i< ready for raiu. Course wi_-\i her to swing out :;oinc day, an, drowmn', they say, i= a easy ilw.tli : but t<j be drownded like a pari'".! o' treed c-'juirrcls disagrees with me- 1 might a' tri<;sc hot days, "t's cooked the grass dry enough i<.> make yeast powders, 'd lU'-li tile 2!n>\v r.n' bring; down :» Jiood. Yes, I've lired r.iiji rbc river Inn-. enough to be a-lookin' out. ier thinsr like tbis. An' I deserve a soakin' icr bein' so on thoughted, but 1 don't like to be drowiided like a miserable sijuirU."' (TO I;E LONTIKUL:I>) 