A Hardy Horseman. By EDNA LYALI-, fitter <af " Tw," " In thi Goldtm Dnyi," Knifkt-Krmnt," br'C. CHAPTER XV. — continued. They walked home in silence, Miss Charlotte grieving over the hopeless failure of the meeting to achieve what she desired. She had not yet leamt that different natures need different kinds Of food, and that to expect Frithiof to Swallow the teaching which exactly suited certain minds was about as sen sible as to filed a baby with Thorley's Food for Cattle. However, there never Set wis an honest attempt to do good which really failed, though the vast majority fail apparently. It was impos sible that the revivalists' teaching could ever be accepted by the Norseman ; but their ardent devotion, their practical, a-gressive lives, impressed him not a little, and threw a somewhat disagreeable light over his own selfishness. Partly o-'-ing to this, partly from physical causes, he felt bitterly out of heart with himself Vor trie next few weeks. In truth, he was thoroughly out of health, and he had not the onlv power which can hold lrrita- Vj-lity in check — the strong restraint of love. Except a genuine liking for the Ilonifaces, he had nothing to take hint out of himself, and he was quite ready to return with interest the dislike which the oilier men in the shop felt for him, first till account of his foreign birth, but rhicflv because of his proud manner and hastv' temper. Sometimes he felt that lie could bear the life no longer ; and at tunes, out of his very wretchedness, there ''jT-.irrr up in him a. vague pity for those who were in his own position. As he Stood there behind the counter he would 1,-iy to himself, "There arc thousands and thousands in this city alone who I 1 „F.__ J Innnitiirn l)iu Knmlllp Have CUV unci I''1) ID ex.-.- monotony, to serve the customers who virc rude, and the customers who are vivi, the hurried ones who are all im- natiencc, the tiresome ones who dawdle, the bores, who give you as much trouble ns they can, often for nothing. One day billows another eternally in the same dull round. 1 am a hundred times belter off than most — there are no burned meals here, no fines, no unfairness— and yet what drudgery it is ! " And as he glanced out at the sunny street and heard the sound of horses' hoofs in the road, a wild longing used to scire him for the freedom and variety of his life in Norway, and the old fierce re bellion against his fate woke once more in his heart, and made htm ready to fly into a rage on the smallest provocation. One day he was sent for to Mr. Boni face's private room ; he was quite well aware that his manner, even to Hoy him self, whom he liked, had been disagree able in the extreme, and the thought crossed his mind that he was going to receive notice to lease. Mr. Boniface was sitting at his writing- able, the sunlight fell on his quiet, retincd face, lit up his white hair and trim beard, and 'made his kindly grey eyes brighter than ever. " I wanted a few words with vou, Falck," he said. "Sit down. It corns to me that you have not been rooking well lately, and I thought per haps you had better take your holiday at nnrc instead of the thu d week m August. I have snuken to Darnell, and lie would be \ilhng to give yiu his turn and take '.hch'.ct tune. What do you think : " " You are verv good, sir," said Fruluof, " hut I shall do very well with the August holiriai . and, as a matter of fart, it w.U nv.\ mean that I shall do more trans- " Would ) ou not do well to go home ? Come, think of it, I would give you three weeks if you want to go 10 Bergen.'' Frithiof felt a choking sensation in his , ihroat, because it was of the old life that ! lie had been dreaming all the morning » with a restless, miserable craving. "Thank you," he said, with an effort, j " but 1 cannot go back to Norway." J ' Now, tell me candidly, Falck, is it the question of expense that hinders I you?" said Mr. Boniface. "Because if j it is merely that. I would gladly lend you the money. You must remember that j vou have had a great deal to bear lately, ! end I think you ought to give yourself a good rest." " Thank you," replied Frithiof, " but it is not exactly the expense. I have money enough in hand to pay for my passage, but j 3 have made up my mind not to go back J nil 1 can clear otT the last of the debts of | -of our firm," he concluded, with a slight I quiver in his voice. I "It is a nnblc resolution," said Mr. I Boniface, " and I would not for a moment discourage you Still you tmisliemcmbcr tli.it it is a great undertaking, and that m iihout good health you can never hope lor success, I don't think you get enough exercise. Now why don't you join our ci icket club ? " " I don't plav," said Frithiof. " In Nor way we arc not great at those games, or indeed at any kind of exercise for the mere sake of exercise. That is an idea that one only finds among Englishmen." " Possibly ; but living m our climate you would do well to follow- our habits. " nine, let mc persuade you to join the 1 lub. You look to mc as if you needed greater variety." " I will think about it for next year ; but, just now I have work for Hcrr Sivertscn on hand which I can't put oxide." said Frithiof. " Well, then things must go on as they ire for the present," said Mr. Boniface ; "but at least you can bring your trans- luting down to Rowan Tree House, and spend your holiday with us " " You arc very kind," said Frithiof, the boyish expression returning to his face just for a minute. "1 shall be only too delighted." And the interview seemed somehow to have done him good, for during the next few days he was less irritable, and found his work in consequence less irksome. CHAPTER XVI. But the change for the better did not last long, for Frithiof was without the motive which "makes drudgery divine." And there was no denying thai the work lie had to do was really drudgery. It has been the fashion of late years to dwell much on the misery of the slums, and most of us are quite ready to be stirred into active sympathy with the nbjectlypoor, the hungry or thedestitutc. It is to be feared, however, that very few of us have much consideration for thcless romantic, less sensational lives of the middle- class, the thousands who toil for us day after day behind the counter or at the desk. And yet are their lives one whit less worthy of sympathy ? Are they not educated to a point which makes them infinitely more sensitive? Hood lias given us a magnificent poem on the sorrows of a shirtinaker ; but who will lake the trouble to find poetry in the Sorrows and wearinesses of shop-assist- pnfis? ft has been said that the very atmosphere of trade kills romance, that J no poet or novelist would dare to take up such a theme ; and yet everywhere the I human heart is the same, and shop-life docs not interfere with the loves and hatreds, the joys and soitows which make up the life of every human being, and out of which arc woven all the romances which were ever written. No one would dispute the saying that labour is worship, yet nevertheless we know well enough that while some work of usclf ennobles the worker, there is other work which has to be ennobled by the way in which it is done. An artist and a coal- heaver both toil for the general good, but mostpeople will admit that the coalhc.ivcr is heavily handicapped. If in the actual work of shop-assistants there is a prosaic monotony, then it is all the more probable that they need our warmest sympathy, our most thoughtful considerateness since they themselves are no machines, but men and women with exactly the same hopes and desires as the rest of us. It is because we consider them of a different order that we tolerate the long hours, that we allow women to stand all day long to serve us, though it has been proved that terrible diseases are the consequence. It is because wc do not in our hearts believe that they are of the same flesh and blood, that we think with a sort of contempt of 1 the very people who arc brought most directly into contact with us, and whose hard working Jives often put ours to shame. About the middle of July the Bonifaces went down to Devonshire for their usual summer holiday, and Frithiof found that, as Roy had predicted, Mr. Horner made himself most disagreeable, and never lost a chance of interfering It must be 1 owned that there are few things so trying as fussincss, particularly in a man, of whom such weakness seems unworthy. And Mr. Horner was the most fussy mortal on earth. It seemed as if he railed forth all that was bad in Frithiof, and Frithiof also cailcd out everything that was bad in hnn. The breach between the two was made much wider by a most trivial incident. A miserable j iuokmg dog unluckily made its way into the simp one morning and disturbed Mr. Horner m his sanctum. "What is the meaning of this?" he exclaimed, bearing down upon Frithiof. "Can you not keep stray curs off the premises? Just now too, with hydro phobia raging!" And he drove and kicked the dog to the door. Now there is one thing which no Norseman can tolerate for a moment, and that is any sort of cruelty to animals. Frithiof, in his fury, did not measure his words, or speak as the employed to the employer, and from that time Mr. Horner's hatred of him increased tenfold. To add to all this wretchedness an al most tropical heat set in ; London was like a huge ovcr-hcated oven ; every day Frithiof found the routine of business less bearable, everyday he was less able to fight against his love for Blanche, and he rapidly sank into the state which hard-headed people flatter themselves is a mere foolish fancy, — that most real and trying form of illness which goes by the name depression. Again and again he wrestled with the temptation that had assailed him long ago in Hyde Bark, and j each sight of James Horner, each jr.- 1 civility trom those he had to serve, made j the struggle harder. | He was sitting .it his desk one niorn- j ing adding up a column which had been | twice interrupted, and which hud three 1 once again the suing door was pushed 1 open and a shadow falling across h.s account book warned turn that the cus tomer had come to the snng-countcr. Anno\cd and impatient he put down his pen and went forward, forcing up the i sor; of cold politeness winch he .T-N-jmeri now, and which diilcrcd strangely from 1 the bright genial courtess that had once been part of his nature. The customer was ewdently an Italian. He was vnurm nnd s'.rikinsriv handsome. : when he glanced at vuu, you felt that lie had looked you through and through, vet : that His look was not critical but kindly. i it penetrated yet at the same time warmed Beside him was a bright-eyed boy who looked up curiously at the I Norseman, .as though wondering how on 1 such a sunny day any one could wear 1 such a clouded face, j Now Frithof was quite in the humour to dislike any one, more especially a man who was young, handsome, wcll-drcsscd, and prosperous-looking ; but some subtle influence crept over him the instant lie heaid the 1 tahan s \oicc, his hard eyes softened a little, and without being able to explain k he felt a strong desire to he had come to inquire about, know mg onlv the words and the air, not the name of the roniposcr. Frithiof, who would ordinarily have been inclined to grumble at the trouble which the search involved, now threw himself into it heart and soul, and w as as pleased as his customer when after some lillic time he chanced to find the song. "A thousand thanks," said the Italian warmly. " I am delighted to gel hold of this, it is for a friend who has long wanted to hear it again, but who was only able to write down the fust part of the air." And he compared with the printed song the little bit of manuscript which he had shown to Frithiof. " Now was it only a happy fluke that made you think of Knight's name5" "I know another of his songs, nnd thought this bore a sort of likeness to it," said Frithiof, pleased with his sucrcss. "You know much more of English music than I do most likely," said the Italian, "yet suiely you, too, arc a for eigner." "Yes," replied Frithiof, "I am Nor wegian. I have only been here for nine months, but to try and leam a little about the music is the only interesting part of this work." The stranger's sympathetic insight showed him much of the weariness and discontent, and "Hciniwch" which lay ocncatn mcse »uhw. " All, ves," he said, " I suppose both work and country seem flat and dull after your life among the fjords and mountains. I know well enough the depression of one's first year in a new climate. But courage ! the worst will pass. I have gToivn to love this Eng land which once I detested." " It is the airlcssncss of London which depresses one," said poor Frithiof, rolling up the song. "Yes, it is certainly very oppressive to-day," said the Italian. "I'ani sorry to have given you so much trouble in hunt- ing up this song for me. Wc may as well lake it with us, Gigi, as wc arc going home." And then with a pleasant farewell the stranger bowed and went out of the shop, leaving behind hm a memory which did more to prevent the blue-devils from gaining the mastery of Frithiofs mind than anything else could possibly have done. When he left, however, at his usual dinner-hour he was withov. the slightest inclination to eat, and with a craving for some relief from the monot ony of the glaring streets he walked up to Regent's Park, hoping that there perhaps he might find the fresh air for which he was longing. He thought much of his unknown customer, half laughing to himself now and then to think that such a chance encounter should have made upon him so deep an impression, should have wakened within him desires such as he had never before felt for a j life which should be higher, nobler, more 1 manly than his past. "Come along, will you!" shouted a rough voice behind him. He glanced round and saw an evil-looking tramp who was speaking to a most forlorn little boy at his heels. The child seemed ready to drop, but with a look of misery and fear and clibrt, most painful to see in such a young fare, 1 it hurried on, keeping up a wretched little sort of trot at the heels of its father, who tramped on doggedly. Frithiof was not in the habit of troubling himself much about those he came across in life, his heart bad been too much embittered by Blanche's treatment ; he had got into the I way now of looking on coldly and say- j ing with a shrug of the shoulders that it j was the way of the world. But to-day the magical influence of a noble life was | stirring within him ; a man utterly nn- j known to him had spoken to him a few j kindly words, had treated Hun with rare I considerateness, had somehow raised him into a purer atmosphere. And so it hap- I pened that he, too, began to feel soum- | thing of the same divine sympathy, and 1 to forget his own wretchedness m the 1 suffering of the little child. Presently | the tramp paused outside a public-house. " Wait for me there in the park," he : said to the child, giving it a push in the 1 direction. 1 And the little fellow went on obediently, until, just at the gate, he caught sight ni'.i costennongcrs barrow on which cool green leaves and ripe red strrw berries were temptingly displayed. Frithiof lin gered a minute to sec what would happen, but nothing happened at all, the child 1 just stood there patiently. There was nu ! expectation on his tired little face, nothing | but intense appreciation of a luxury « inch 1 must for ever be beyond his hopes of en- j joymcnt. 1 " Have you crer tasted them?" said Fnihiof, drawing nearer. ' The boy shook his head shyly. " Would ) ou like to ? " ; Still he did not speak, but .1 look of , rapture dawned in the wistful child cres, and he gave a little spring in the air which was more eloquent than words. " bixpcnnyworth," said Frithiof to the 1 rostcririongrr ; then signing to the child to follow, he led the way into the park, basket of strawberries down beside him, J and glanced at his little companion. "There, now sit down by me and en joy them," he said. And the child needed no second bid- ! ding, but began to cat w it li an eager de- , light which was pleasant to see. After a while he paused, however, and slivlv 1 pushed the basket a little nearer to his 1 benefactor. Frithiof, absorbed in his 1 own thoughts, did not notice it ; but presently became conscious of a small brown hand on his slees'C, and looked round. " Eat too," said the child, pointing to the basket. And Frithiof, to please him, smiled and took two or three straw berries. "There, the rest arc for you," lie said. " Do you like them ? " "Yes," said the child emphatically; "and I like sou." " Why do you like me ? " " I was tired, and you was kind to me, and these is real jatnmv ! " But after this fervent little speech, he said no more. He did not, as a Norwe gian child would have done, shake hands as a sign of gratitude, or say in the pretty Norse way, " Tak for maden " (thanks for the meal) ; there had never been any one In teach him the expression of the cour tesies of life, and with him they were not innate. He merely looked at his friend with shining eyes like some animal that feel 5 but cannot speak its gratitude. Then before long the father reappeared, and the little fellow with one shy nod of the head ran off, looking back wistfully every now and then at the stranger who would be remembered by him to the very end of his life. The next day something happened which added the last drops to Frithiof's cup of misery, and made it overflow. The troubles of the past year, and the loneliness and poverty which lie had borne, had gradually broken dow n His health, and there came to him now a revelation which proved the final blow. He was dining at his usual restaurant. Too tired to eat much, he had taken up a bit af one of the society papers which someone had left there, ana his eye fell jon one of those detestable paragraphs .which pander to the very lowest tastes of the public. No actual name was given, but every one knowing anything about her could not fail to see that Blanche Romiaux was the woman referred to, The most revoking insinuations, the most contemptible gossip, ended with the words, w An interesting divorce case ruiy soon be expected." Frithiof grew deathly white. He tried to believe that it was all a lie, pied to work himself up into a rage against the editor of the paper, tried to assure him self that whatever Blanche might have been before marriage, that after it she must ncccssanly become all that was womanly and pure. But deep down in his heart thcrclurkcd a fearful conviction that in the main tins story was true, heeling sick and giddy, he made his way along Oxford Bucet, noticing nothing, walking like a man in a dream. Just in front of Buzzard's a victoria was waiting, and a remarkably good-looking man stood on the pavement talking to its occupant. Frithiof would have passed by without observing them bad not a familiar voice startled liirn into keen con sciousness. He looked up hastily and saw Lady Rotniaux— not the Blanche who had won his heart in Norway, for the lips that had once been pressed to his wore a hard look of defiance, and the eyes that had ensnared hiin had now an expression that confirmed only too well the story he had just read. He heard her give a little artificial laugh in which there was not even the ghost of merri ment, and after that it seemed as if a great cloud had descended on him. He moved on mechanically, but it was chiefly by a sort of instinct that he found his way back to the shop. "Good heavens, Mr. Falck! how ill you arc looking ! " exclaimed the head man as lie glanced at him. " It's a good tiling Mr Robert will be back again soon, j If I'm not very much mistaken, he'll I put you into the doctor's hands." j "Oh, it is chiefly this hot weather," 1 said Frithiof, and as if anxious to put an end to the conversation, he turned away to his desk and began to write, though each word cost him a painful effort, and seemed to be dragged out of him bv sheer force. At lea-timc he wandered out m the street, scarcely knowing what he was doing, and haunted always by Blanche's sadly altered face. When he returned he found that the boy who dusted the shop had spilt some ink over his older book, whereupon he flew into one of those Molent passions to which of late lie had been liable, so entirely losing his self-control that those about him began to look alarmed. This recalled ban to himself, and much disgusted at having made such a scene, he sank into a bfa'.e of black depression. He could nn: understand himself ; could not make out what \wis w rong ; could not conceive how such a tnllc could have stirred linn hand, too sick and miserable to work, and with a wild confusion of thoughts rushing through his brain. He was . driving along the Strangadcn with | Blanche, and talking gaily 0! the intense 1 rowing her on the fjord, and telling her the Frithiof Saga ; he was saving her on j the mountain, ar.d listening to her words I of love . he was down in the sheltered nook below the flagstaff at Balholm, and ! she was rhr.ging to him in the farewell : which had indeed been fur ever. I " I ran bear it no longer.'' he said to ' himself " 1 have tried to bear this life, Yet after a while there tore within him I a though: which chocked the haunting visions of failure and the longing for do, nli. He remembered the face which I had so greatly struck him the day before, | and again those kindly words rang in his j car, ' Courage ! the worst will pass." I \Yhn was this man ? What gave him ! his oxti nncdinary influence5 How had j he gained lus m.-ight, and sympathy, and I fcatlc-s brightness ? If one man had at tained to all this, whv rot any man? 1 Might net life still hold for him some thing that was wmth having? There I floated ha; k to him the remembrance of j , the last pleasurable moment he had known it iu> t lie sight of the child's enjoyment of the strawberries. At length closing time came He dragged himself back to Yauxhall, shut himself into his dreary little room, pulled the table towards the open window, and I began to work .at Hen Sivertsen's trans lating. Night after night he had gone on. with the dogged courage of his old Viking ancestors, upheld by the same fierce, fighting nature which had made them the terror of the North. But at ' las t he was at the very end of his strength. ' A violent shivering fit seized him. Work was no longer possible ; he could only stagger to the bed, with that terrible I consciousness of being utterly and hope- \ lessly beaten, which to a man is so hard 1 to bear. I Oppressed bv a frightful sense of loneliness, dazed by physical pain, and , tortured by the thought of Blanche's dis grace, there was yet one thing which gave him moments of relief — like a child he strained his eves to sec the picture or Bergen which hung by the bedside. Later on, when the summer twilight deepened into night, and he could no longer make out the harbour, and the shipping, and the familiar mountains, he buried his face in the pillow and sobbed aloud, in a forlorn misery which, even in Paradise, must have wrung his mother's heart. Roy Boniface came back from Devon shire the following dav, bis holiday being shortened by a week on account of the illness of Mrs. Horner's uncle. As there was every reason to expect a legacy from this aged relative, Mr. Horner insis ted on going down at onrc to see whether 1 they could be of anv u it ; and smce j A li the shop was never left without one of 1 the partners, poor Roy, anathematizing the whole race of the Homers, had to , conic back and endure as best he might a London August and an empty house, j Like many other business men he relieved the monotony of Ins daily work by always keeping two or three hobbies , in hand. The mania for collecting had always been encouraged at Rowan Tree House, and just now botany was his keenest delight. It was even, perhaps, absorbing too much of his time, and Cecil used laughingly to tell hirn that lie loved it more than all the men and women in the world put together. He1, uas contentedly mounting specimens on the night of his return, when James j Horner looked in, the prospective legacv making him more than ever fussy and ! pompous. I " Ah, so you have come back ; that's I all right ! " he exclaimed- " I had hoped . sou would have come round to us. How ever, no matter, I don't know that there is anything special to say, and of course this sad news has upset my wife very much." " Ah," said Rov, somewhat sceptical in his heart of hearts about the depth of her grief. "We were sorry to hear about it." "We go down the first thing to morrow," said James Horner, "and j shall, of course, stay on. They say there is no hope of recovery." "What do you think of that?" said Roy, pointing to a very minute flower I which he had just mounted. " it 15 the I first time it lias ever been found in ! England." I "H'm, is it really!" said James Homer, regarding it with that would-be interested air, that bored perplexity, which Roy took a wicked delight in | calling forth. " Well, you know, 1 don't | understand," he added, " how a practical j man like you can take An interest in such I trumpery bits of things. What are your 1 flowers worth when you've done them r I Now if vou took to collecting autographs 1 there'd be some sense in that, for I 1 understand that a fine collection of auto- | graphs fclchea a good round sum in the ! market." j " That would only involve more desk- work," said Roy, laughing. " Writing to ' ask for them would bore mc as much as 1 writing in reply would bore the poor | celebrities." I " By the bye," said Mr. Horner, " I 1 have just remembered to tell you that j provoking fellow Falck never turned up 1 to-day. He never even had the grace to send word that he wasn't coming." j " Of course he must be ill," said Roy, looking disturbed. " He 15 the last fellow to stav away if he could possibly keep up. Wc all thought him looking ill before we left." " I don't know about illness," said Tames Horner, putting on his hat ; " but he certainly has the worst temper I've ever come 'acToss. It was extremely awkward without him to- day, for already we are short of hands." " There can hardly be much doing," said Roy. " London looks like a desert However, of course I'll look up Falck. 1 daresay he'll be all right again by to- But he had scarcely settled himself down comfortablv to his work after James Hor- neris welcome departure when the thought of Frithiof came to trouble him. After all, was it likely that a mere trifle would hinder a man of the Norwegian's nature from going to business? Was it not much more probable that he was too ill even to write an excuse ? And if so, how helpless and desolate he would be ! Like most people, Rov was selfish. Had he lived alone he would have be come more selfish every day ; but it was impassible to live in the atmosphere of Rowan Tree House without, at any rate, trying to consider other people. With an effort he tore himself away from his beloved specimens, and set off hrisklv for Vauxhall, where, after some difficulty, he found the little side street in which, among dozens of others precisely like it, was the house of the three Misses Tur- A little withcred-up lady opened the door to him, and replied nervously to his question, — "Mr. Falck is ill," she said "He seems very feverish , but be was like it once before, when he first came to Eng land, and it passed off in a day or two." " Can I see him ? " said Roy. " Well, he doesn't like being disturbed at all," said Miss Charlotte. ' He'll hardly let me inside the room. Bui if you would just see him, 1 should really be glad. You will judge better if he should sec the doctor or not." "Thank you, IU go up then. Don't let me trouble you." 41 It is noise lie seems to mind so much." said Miss Charlotte. 41 So if you ; will find your way up alone, perhaps it would be best. It is the first door you come to at the top of the last flight of stairs." Roy went up quietly, opened the door as noiselessly as be could, and went in. The window faced the sunset, so that the room was still fairly light, and the utter discomfort of everything was fully apparent. '! wish you wouldn't cotnein again," said an irritable voice from the bed. 'The lightest footstep is torture." (l I just looked in to ask hew you were," said Roy, much shocked to see how ill . his friend seemed. I " Oh, it's you !" said Frithiof, turning his flushed faro in the direction of the speaker. " Thank (iod you've conic ! That woman will be the death of mc. bhe does nothing but ask questions." "I've onlv just got back from Devon shire, but tbey said you hadn't turned up . to-day, and 1 thought I would come and See after you." j Frithiof dragged himself up and drank feverishly from the ewer which stood on a chair besiic him. " i tried to come this morning," he said, "but I was too giddy to stand, and had to give it up. My head's gone wrong somehow." " Poor fellow ! you should have given up before," said Roy. " You seem in terrible pain." "Yes, yes ; it's like a band of hot I iron," moaned poor Frithiof. Then sud denly starting up in wild excitement, " There's Blanche ' there's Blanche ! Let mc go to her ! Let mc go 1 1 will sec her once more — only this once ! " Roy with some difficulty held him down, and after a while he seemed to I come to himself. " Was 1 talking r.on- ! sense ? " he said. " It's a hornd feeling rut being able to control one's I self. If 1 go crazy ynu ran just let me J die, please. Life's bad enough now. and wouid be intolerable then. There she is I | again! She's smiling at me. Oh, I I Blanche 1 you did care once. Conic | I bark ! Come back ! He can't love ynu 1 | as I love I But it's no use— no use ! she ! j is worse than dead. I tell you I saw it I ! in that cursed paper, and I saw it in her ! ! ow n face. Why, one might have known 1 ! All women are like it. What do they I care so long as their vanity is satisfied 5 j It's just as Bjornsen says I ' If thnu liadst not so smiled on me, j Now I should not thus weep for thrc.' " And then he fell into incoherent talk, chiefly in Norwegian, but every now and then repeating the English rendering of Ujurnscn's lines. Meanwhile Roy turned over in his mind half-a-dozen schemes, and at length decided to leave Frithiof during one of the quiet intervals, while he went for thcr own doctor, Miss Charlotte mounting guard outside the door, and promising to go to him if he seemed to need care. I)r. Morris, who was an old friend, listened to Roy's description, and re turned with him at once, much to the relief of poor Miss Charlotte, who was frightened out of her senses by one of Fnthiol's paroxvsms of w ild excitement » " Do you think seriously of him ? '' said Roy, when, the excitement having died down, Frithiof lay in a sort of stupor, taking no notice at all of his surround ings. " If we can manage to get him any sleep he will pull through all right," said Dr. Morris, in his abrupt way. "If not, he will sink before many days. You had better send for his mother, if he has "He has onlv a sister, and she is in , Norway." (1 " Well, send for her, for he will need ' careful nursing. You say you will take I charge of him ? Very well ; and to-mor- ; row morning I will send in a nurse, who ij will set you at liberty for a few hours. Evidently he has had some shock. Can i you make out what it was at all ? " 1 " Well, last autumn. I believe— indeed ' I am sure- he was jilted by an English girl with whom he was desperately in love. It all came upon the top of the other troubles of which I told you." "And what is this paper he raves about ? What is the girl's name ? Wc might get some clue in that way." "Oh," said Roy, "she was married some months ago. She is now Lady | The doctor gave a stifled exclamation. "That explains all. I suppose the poor fellow honestly cared for her, and was | shocked to see the paragraphinthisweeks I Idle Tune. Your friend has had a lucky escape, if he could but see it in that light. For the husband of that heartless little flirt must be the most miserable man alive. Wc shall soon have another of those detestable causes celcbres, and the newspapers iving auuux in cvciy uuusc- hold will be filled with all the poisonous details." As Roy kept watch through the long nights and days that followed, as he listened to the delirious ravings of his patient, and perceived how a man's life and health had been ruined by the faith lessness of a vain girl, he became so ab sorbed in poor Frithiof, so devoted to him, that he altogether forgot his specimens and his microscope. He wondered greatly how many victims had been sacrificed to Blanche Ronuaux's selfish love of admira tion, and he longed to have her in that room, and point to the man who tossed to and fro in sleepless misery, and say to her, " This is what your hateful flirting has brought about." But the little Norwegian episode had entirely passed out of Lady Romiaux's inind. Had she been questioned she would probably have replied that her world contained too many hard realities to leave room for the recollection of mere dreams. The dream, however, had gone hard with Frithiof. Sleeping-draughts had no effect on him, and his temperature re mained so high that Dr. Morris began to fear the worst. Roy used to be haunted bv the thought that he had telegraphed for Sigrid Falck, and that he should nave to meet her after her long journey with the news that all was over. And remembering the bright face and sunny manner of the Norwegian girl, his heart failed him at the thought of her desolation. But Fnihiof could not even take in the idea that she had been sent for. Nothing now made any differ ence to him. But sleep refused to come, and already the death-angel hovered near, ready to give him the release for which he so greatly longed. (To be continued.) j "do vou think mikinrmy of him," said koy. 