A HAUNTED HOUSE. ' if ii£S' A TEAS or where I MU B' a large ciiy, «rith a dingybiO^O^ndow, Remains tif another upon We W«»d work-of*the door, con- -taining the usual notice, "To Let. ? The house had long been untenanted, and no one seemed to dream that it ever ag«in would be occupied. Certainly the neighbourhood was most respectable, and in striking contrast with this one unfortunate dwelling.- What was the matter ? I often queried with myself, BB my gaze was powerfully attracted to tbe place, not because I ever saw any persan venture within its mystic walls, bot in tbe innocence of childhood, a merry little group, small specimens of humanity in dirt and rags, had singled ont- this ideserted spot as a special siti in which to exhibit their works of art, laying a claim to at least the outside as their inviolable possession, as with pieces of chalk or slate, they scratched most uncouth figures upon the doors, and even as high as they could reach upon the lintels, while, with mud from the gutter, they made dirt pies, leaving the remnants to accumulate upon the dingy sill, and, as boys, who were atnongthem, always do—that large company of rebels—sent a plentiful supply of stones through the sashes, admitting timid rays of sunshine that bad long been denied entrance through the dusty and begrimed panes. But I am digressing, though giving jou but the outcome of my sight-seeing, as I so often sat at my window and mused upon it all, longing with an intense desire, as a true descendant of Ere, to know somewhat of the history of that ill-fated building that had come to be so shnnned and left, so far as occupation went, to it3 strange destiny. It is easy to colonr such a life as mine was here with a tin ce of romance, even thongb I had always lived in the city, where so many strange things occur, and where nothing is apt to strike one as nnusual. There was a particular romance to me about this country bouse—I must know uiore ! But how ? Not a soul could gratify my steadily growing curiosity. No one knew aught but that some indefinable mystery rested over its portals, and, like the plague, it was most persistently shunned. I often thought it had the look of a house well riddled by the lawyers, or even at some time had been the abode of ghosts —for they always seem to make choice of the most out of the way and uncomfortable habitations, those "apostles of spectres," who often bring scandal upon the world of spirits themselves. But there is surely an unslutnVicring Providence that sometimes rewards even the inquisitive, and I was dettined at length to be gratified. It happened on this wise: one'evening on a visit of the old rector to our house, when all other rural topics were exhausted, the rickety house across the way -came' into the line of thought. There are times, when " naught is everything, and everything is naught," but here was a real, substantial explanation which is too good to be lost. " I was sent for one night, 1 ' be said, "by the inmates of that house, Slauley Range, as it was called in the nei^bonrhood, where I found Mrs. Stanley and her daughter, Beat'ice, in a very unusual state of excitement and distress. " ' Oh, doctor ! ' Mrs. Stanley said, as soon as I entered, * we have suffered so from a frightful visitation in the night ! ' She turned visibly cold as she spoke. ' It was last Wednesday, two weeks, that I woke up in the middle of the n '"ht, or rather, near morning, just as it was getting 11:: lit, and I saw—' " She choke J, and stepped. *' ' Well,' said I, ' what did you see t * " ' Just at the bottom of my bed, such a hideous face, all the while making grimaces at me." " ' A face ? ' I enquired. w f o " ' Yes, a veritable face ! ' " * What did you have for supper madam ? " I asked. " ' Oh ! it wasn't nightmare, doctor. If you believe so, you were never more mistaken in your life. Real ty is not nightmare. Fire tiujes I have seen that ghastly face already. It comes in all sorts of shapes. Sometimes in the fmm of an old woman, so-aeiiraes like a small child, and then like a bit: black ram, i-trutting on bis bind legs, and with a pair of eyes like the face of the evil one, as I could imagine it.' " ' Do you ever hear this apparition come ani go ? ' I inquired. " ' No ; but whatever time I wake I find it there, and there is never a door or window th -t I know to be open.' '• ' Have yon told your daughter ? ' " ' For nnny nights I kept it from her. She is nervous you know, at best.' " ' Yes, madam, our nerves play sad havoe with us at all times,' I said. " I was, indeed, inclined to make light of the whole thing, nniil Mrs. Stanley's silvered head was bowed on the mantel, where she wepï like a child, and even then, this seamed but the effect of extreme nervousness to me. " As I look back, now, however, I think no martyr ever tried to be more courageous than th is timid trembling woman, a-prey to so many fears. Old age wa? creeping on, her small stock of strength diminishing, and the little spirit she naturally posses'essed failing now. Alone she had borne tbe terror, that Ueatrice should not "-uff.-r as she had done, but one morning the girl accidentally saw the same sight, which burned in upon her brain like a hot iron. She was a girl of pluck, though, when pluck was needed, and wiih pokerand shovel started in quick pursuit, as she thought she saw the object moving indistinctly in the grey dawn ; but the head nodded and disappeared, and she went back to bed again, believing it to be only an optical illusion, and as youth is very apt to do, slept soundly once more. " This went on for a couple of weeks, with only one or tv.-o intervals, the thing, whatever it was, never banning tbeoi, nor was it known to speak but once : ' I come to look at vour pretty face.' This was all it ever said. Was it Beatrice it meant ? She was now not more than eighteen years of age, with soft, fair hair, rcfiued, delicate features, and graceful figure ; she was singularly attractive to everybody. " What were they to do ! Again and again she begged her mother to leave the house. But where should tbey go ? With a small income they could not do as they wonld, and they had no alternative but to ttiy, and, if possible, live the terror down, "But there came an hour of explanation, and this was stranger than all the nightly visits of the ghostly intruder. " Meeting Mrs. Stanley and Beatrice on the corner of the street, a few nights after, I walked down toward th» market, and there, at tbedoor of a blacksmith's shop just opposite, stood a half-wittel man in working attire, weak-kneed and brawny, whose way seemed to have been through the wild places of low life. " ' See, see ! ' Mrs. Stmley whispered excitedly. ' The very face of our nightly visitor ! Look what a stunted figure, hideous face, and what dingy hands ! There can be no mistake, it is he.' *" He 1 ' Ï said to her; ''that half- witted idiot ? Why, fee's the blacksmith's son. You must be mistaken. -What could he be doing in your house, or how did he get in 1 * "I spoke to him as I came np. With silly canning he told me that it was a co.=y place, and he could look at the young lady as much as he lik-d, and wben he was hungry he could get a bite down below ; but he would not reveal to me the manner of bis entrance. "After awhile, however, there came circumstantial evidence to prove that he gained admittance through a small trap door leading from tbe cellar, quite hidden from sieht. There, night after night, he came, and lying down on the ground, pushed himself through the small opening. This could only have been done when the fuel was low, which happened to be the case at this time. The door was nailed up without delay, you may be sure, and henceforth the slumberers were left undisturbed." The old rector was relieved as much as they, he confessed, while he praised the courage and fortitude of both Mrs. Stanley aud Beatrice, who, though in her teens, had really grown old in the contest. " No wonder that the idiot, Jose, had become crazed over her youthful charms in his admiring gaze and disappointed hope, " our informant said as he finished. " But he has long ago gone to a world where the weak and the strong are neither neglected nor foi gotten." "And what of the former occupants of the old bouse ? " we asned hi a breath. He co»ld not tell us,-except the rumour that Mis. Stanley, at an advanced age, was living in the far West with hër daughter,"who had married, some years ago, a wealtby-lawyer there. The tale of the past, no doubt, by them bad long been forgotten, bnt for ns who dwelt near the spot it had left its impress ; and the mansion, if not in reality a haunted house, seemed to be a vciy ill-fated one. DAires:noes.—A physician asserts that there are many young ladies who use belladonna to give brilliancy .to their eyes, and that it is a curious fact that more ladies use it who have light eye-sthan thofce who pos>e*s dark ones. It |b hardly, neweaary to fitote that ^the .practice is a most injurious oae. It not Only causes partial blindness, but aho affects the nerves .of the face, which produce a muscular contraction. 