Painting a Ghost's Portrait. A very curious story which has been going the rounds of London society is certainly one of the best authenticated stories of the supernatural, as it is one of the strangest. Suppressing, as is usual under.the circum stances, the names of the parties concerned, and that of the exact locality wherein the incidents transpired, the :narrative runs as follows : A few months ago a young English artist -whom we will call Mr. B- wentdown to the country seat of Lord, X-to pay that gentleman a visit. The house was very full, but he was accorded a comfortable and handsome' chamber, apparently one of the best in the house. He remained for three days, the only noticeable feature about his visit being that each night he was 'troubled by a horrible dream. He dreamed that he was suddenly awakened by the entrance of some person into the roam, and that on look ing round he saw the apartment brightly illuminated, while at the window stood a lady, richly dressed, in the act of throwing something out. Her task accomplished, she turned her face towards the amazed spectator, showing a countenance, so distorted with evil pas sions, so hideous in its expression of wicked ness, that it thrilled his soul with horror. Tnen the light and the dreadful figure disappeared, leaving the, artist to imagine that he had been tormented by a frightful nightmare. But, on returning to London, his imagination was so haunted by the fearful countenance, thrice. seen amid the watches of the night, that he made a sketch of it, which so conveyed the evil expression and revolting aspect of the midnight apparition as to horrify everybody to whom he showed it. One day the artist went to make a call on L-rd X- , and that gentleman took him into his picture-gallery to show him some remarkable family portraits. -·Amongst them,' what was the painter's surprise to recognise, in the likeness of a well- dreEs:d and stately lady, the features of his dream visitant, minus the 'revolting and wicked expression. "I have seen that lady,". was his involun. tary exclamation, as his eyes rested on the portrait.• '"Indeed 1" said Lord X-, smiling; "that is hardly possible, as she died some thing over a hundred years ago. She was the second wife of my great grandfather, and was anything but a credit to the family, for she was strongly suspected of having murdered her husband's son by his first marriage in order.to make her own child the heir to the property. The unfortunate boy broke his neck in a fall from one of the win. dows of our country seat, and there is every reason to believe that he was precipitated from the window by his stepmother." The artist then related the circumstances of his thrice-repeated dream and sent for his sketch, which, so far as features went, was identical with the portrait in, Lord X-'s gallery. He afterwards caused his sketch to be photographed, and the lady who told the story said that she had herself seen the photograph, and that the wicked face had haunted her afterwards for days. Boarder-" Mrs. Smith, I am obliged to say that I am afraid' your pies will break my teeth." Mrs. Smith-" Sir, Imade pies be fore you were born." Boarder-" That just what I suspected," 