VANISHED EMINENCES. (Daily Never.) "Let us sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the death of kings," says one of Shakspeare's characters. The invitation is appropriate to the day, though not so appropriate as in the time of Richard III. Though monarchs have suffered violent deaths since then, it has not been the rule that they should be deposed or " slain in war," or " haunted by the ghosts they have deposed," or poisoned by their wives, some sleeping killed, all murdered." As for royal suicide, it has in recent times become comparatively rare. A savage monarch whom we worsted at Magdala, blew out his brains in the agony of his misfortune. In this respect King Theodore unconsciously displayed the spirit of Frederick the Great, who carried about with him in the Seven Years' War a pill which would if necessary justify his boast that he would never be taken alive. His luck, however, was better than that of the ill-fated King of Abyssinia. Nearly two years ago the King of Bavaria voluntarily sought oblivion in the Lake of Sternberg, Of his insanity there was even less doubt than there has been of that of other princes who have trifled with lives that were not their own. Prince Rudolph's death by his own hand is as mysterious as it is necessarily sudden. It has been observed by Buckle and others that military men commit suicide oftener than other classes. Certainly there has been no little suicide among Continental officers lately. That in the cold law of averages; a Royal victim should be counted in would probably not have surprised the author of the "History of Civilisation." The sensation of shock that has unquestionably been caused by the Archduke's death is of course due in great degree to the eminent position he filled. His was necessarily a conspicuous figure, since, apart from any individuality of its own, it was that of the apparent heir to the Austrian throne. When such men so suddenly disap- pear it is as if the familiar features of some landscape had been obliterated by volcanic agency. They are vanished eminences. Our awe at their precipitous disappearance is partly due to that, and partly to our helpless speculations as to what may be the consequences, or as to what other alterations in the earth's surface will surprise us next. We have had many such surprises lately. Although the Emperor Frederick's death, from cancer so soon after his father died was in the end quite anticipated, the first revelation of the prospect of that death was distinctly one of those surprises. More akin to the event of this week was the Prince Imperial's death, not in the nature of its violence, of course, but in the facts that he did die by violence, and that the news came upon everybody with appalling suddenness, and that in him were centred the hopes of a dynasty. That event again recalls the death, by a fall from his carriage, of Louis Philippe son, the Duke of Orleans, in 1842. Though unlike those two princes the Duke of Albany was neither her nor pretender, his death also produced by its suddenness the same peculiar sensation or shock, intensified in this country by the nearness of his relationship to our Queen, and by the respect and confidence he had inspired in the people by his well- spent life. Hardly less sudden than in all these cases was the blank caused by the death of the Prince Consort. It may therefore be mentioned among the painful surprises which in our times death has sprung upon us. The Princess Alice's death ranks with all of these in tragic interest, and above most of them in pathos. Napoleon the Third's disappearance from the map of Europe practically occurred at Sedan. That surrender took away the breath perhaps more than any event which can be recalled in modern reminiscence. His death, as has' been somewhere said, was, after this, but an anti-climax. The sad fate in Mexico of Prince Budolph'fl uncle, the Emperor Maximilian, is linked in association with the unfortunate Napoleonic name. Of modern assassina- tions none equals in daring and horror, or in its paralysing effect upon the civilised world, the murder of the Czar, Alexander II. If the sudden vanishing of eminence, due to rank, he impressive, as well proved by the public reception of the events in our times above recalled, it is certainly no less startling when men eminent by their own merits are removed at a blow. The names of two Presidents of the United States who have succumbed to the violence of the assassin within the memory of the present generation will at once leap to the reader's mind, its well as that of our own Indian Viceroy, Lord Mayo, and of that brave English general, the hero of Lucknow, who, though he did not die by the assassin's hand, was almost as suddenly lost to his country. Sir Robert Peel's death was like those to which we have referred in the sense of sudden void which it created and in this country at least the fate which in a similar way overtook Bishop Wilberforce made a profound sensation. These are some of the conspicuous figures suddenly removed in recent times. Others will occur to the memory of individual readers. If we include among our vanished eminences all who have had the eyes of the world turned for the moment upon them, the name of Lord Frederick Cavendish will not be forgotten. His violent end made the public hold their breath as much as any of the sad events here recorded. Nor can it ever be forgotten in the lives of the present generation how the world in thrilling suspense awaited the issue of that wonderful Nile expedition, which came within touch of Khartoum only to hear of the noble death of the gallant hero Gordon. The vessels comprising the German fleet at present cruising in or near Samoan waters are the gunboats Adler and Eber and the corvettes Carola and Olga. The composite gun- boat Adler, built at Kiel in 1884, is 870 tons, 40-horse power and capable of steaming eleven knots an hour. The steel gunboat Ebor, built at Stettin in 1887, is of 900 tons and 100 horse power, capable of steaming twelve knots an hour. Both these gun- boats carry four Gin. 4 -ton Krupp rifled (guns and four machine guns. The Carola and Olga are composite corvettes of 2130 tons each, built at Stettin in 1886, with engines of 2100 horse power and can steam thirteen and a half knots an hour. Each of' the corvettes is armed with ten 6in. 4-ton Krupp rifled guns and six machine guns. The American fleet consists of the Nipsic, Adams, Mohican, and Vandalia. The Monongahela, store-ship, will most likely be stationed at Honolulu, as thatportismoreconTCnientfor thostipplie.s of the Squadron than the former station at Coquimbo, Chile. Next to that of the Trenton, the Vandalia has the heaviest battery in the American Pacific squadron. She carries a 15-pounder breech-loading rifled gun on her forecastle an Sin. pivot muzzle-loading rifled gun forward of the foremast, and six Oin. Dahlgrensinthebroadsido. In addition she has a 3in. rifle, a wicked little gun, on the poop, a 25-pounders each loading rifled howitzer and two got lines, and also has a Hotchkiss rifled cannon. Todman the ship and serve all these guns the vessel carries a complement of 240, including officers, crew, and marines. The Dolphin was also one of the fleet until a week or two ago, when she sailed for Yokohama shortly after the arrival at Honolulu of the American mail. 