OUR AUSTRALIAN POETS. HENRY KENDALL. A MONOGRAPH, BY P. J. HOLDSWORTH. (Continued.) THE first permanent record of Kendall's poetic powers was published in 1862. The experiment was, it need hardly be said, financially as well as authorially hazardous; but an author who dreams unselfishly of adding to his land's literary wealth, hardly expects, stockbroker- like, a rapid or, indeed, any visible dividend. If his work be of an enduring type, it is quite enough for him to know that the desired reward of popular usefulness and appreciation will embalm his memory, even though it may not gratify and gladden his existence. In any case, his resolute mind has a single aim; he loves art and literature for their own sakes, and, being as he must needs be, his own severest critic, he practically vindicates his best possibilities, and is indifferent to the minor considera- tions of contemporary praise or censure. Such--and I do not, like the typical Frenchman, 'draw on my imagination for my facts'--were the ideas which dominated the mind of our young poet at the outset. He was not a whit checked, although naturally somewhat vexed, by that strange critical obliquity which so often blinks owlishly when some merit 'proceeds from Nazareth.' He had, he knew, produced some fairly good and significant work in this initial volume; and, notwithstanding the fact that he subsequently regretted his precipitancy in publishing, I know nothing to justify the statement of a well-known Victorian littèrateur, that he was 'ashamed of' his first essay. The book contained, naturally, a little crude material; but, at the same time, housed within its small covers were certain songs which possessed the genuine ring and swing and vigour of the veritable Australian lyric. In such verses the power, which is, after all, the mint-mark of genius, was incontestable, and the author's masterful command of the re- sources of verbal melody was not to be disputed by the most captious of critical snarlers. Seven or eight years afterwards was issued the second volume--'Leaves from Austra- lian Forests'--a work which, as I have else- where said, contains some of the most finished productions ever penned by the poet. It was not, however, welcomed with a whirlwind of unselfish approbation. Some of his critics, here and elsewhere, unable to arraign the merits of much of his poetry, quarrelled with part of his work upon a ground which has always appeared to me to be one of the most absurd and untenable imaginable. I refer, of course, to the pro- crustean idea always favoured by certain literary censors, which would fain bind Australian poets rigidly to Australian themes. I term the idea a procrustean one, because I hold that every work of taste and genius demands and deserves to be criticised according to its own aim and standard, and not by any empirical system of eclecticism. A well-poised judgment will always contemplate a literary produc- tion merely as a work of abstract art, and utterly irrespective of what might be termed parochial critical considerations. Local poets may, or may not, incline to indigenous themes ; but choice in these matters is scarcely always practicable. The impulse in the genuine singer, whatever dry-as-dust critics may aver, is like that divine miraculous wind 'which bloweth where it listeth,' alike heedless of critical checks and indifferent to human limitations. And hence, those per- sons who objected to the poetic rehabilita- tion by Kendall, in this volume, of such grand old Greek myths as 'Telegonus' simply sounded, to my mind, the fatal note of their own incompetency to appraise any work of art at all. But, leaving aside all consideration of these critical flea-bites and gnat- stings, I have somewhat to say, in the direction of analytic detail, upon this volume. The first poem--'The Hut by the Black Swamp'--has always seemed to me a masterly piece of vivid word-painting. Those whose wayward bush-meanderings have occasionally carried them amid 'ruined forest vaults' to such an evil-omened, God-forsaken tenement, must acknowledge that the poet's skill has spiritualized his apparently prosaic subject, without filching from it one jot of its stern and naked realism. Pictured by the lyric chronicler, it is indeed a melancholy silent shell; its creaking, toppling, posts and win- dowless spaces are blurred and stained ever- lastingly, and seem thrice-accursed by the weight of the terriblest of bans--the Ban of Blood! For Murder has held Saturnalia within the circuit of those gloomy slabs, and lo! 'the very stones prate of its where- abouts!' Free frolic merriment is alien from those unechoing rafters; and now, in place of the sound of man's reverberating laughter-- Across this hut the nettle runs, And livid adders make their lair In corners dank from lack of suns; And out of fetid furrows stare The growths that scare. Here, Summer's grasp of fire is laid On bark and slabs that rot and breed Squat ugly things of deadly shade; The scorpion, and the spiteful seed Of centipede. Unhallowed thunders, harsh and dry And flaming noontides mute with heat, Beneath the breathless brazen sky, Upon these rifted rafters beat With torrid feet. Travelling onward to 'September in Aus- tralia'--must it not be said that this lyric sings audibly? that it chants forth a strong and subtle melody? It is, indeed, a veri- table poem of greeting to that superb Season when Grey Winter hath gone like a wearisome guest, And behold! for repayment, September comes in with the wind of the West, And the Spring in her raiment. The weird energy and eerie coloring of 'Ghost Glen'--so thoroughly in accord with the theme--need no endorsement from me; and the rhythmic resuscitation of the sweet Apollonian legend of Daphne, which comes next, is full of life and measured music. 'The Warrigal,' 'At Euroma,' 'On a Cattle Track,' 'Cleone,' 'Rose Lorraine,' 'The Cattle Hunters,' and 'God Help our Men at Sea,' may be rightly relegated to the region of pure songs; and, than some of these, nothing could be brighter in affluence of colour, or crisper in delicacy of touch. They have the breezy melody and rushing sweep of the true ringing lyric, and are near of kin to that beautiful poem which commences-- From the runs of the Narran white-dotted with sheep which is one of the brightest things in the first volume. The erratic metre of 'Euroclydon ' befits a hymn to that-- fourfold wind, That wind sublime, for the poet has woven here, with the hand of genius, a 'sort of Runic rhyme,' and, in the flash and glitter of its diction and imagery a witch-like glamour assuredly lurks. The complete effect is strange, grotesque and original. 'Araluen,' 'Illa Creek,' 'Moss on a Wall,' 'In the Valley,' 'Mountain Moss,' and that most musical study which begins-- By channels of coolness the echoes are calling, are brief but finished sketches in word- painting, and possess, I think, a luxurious warmth of tone quite Keatsian. I am not, however, enamoured of 'Cam- paspe' or 'Merope.' They are the padding of the volume and seem penned in parody of Swinburne's worst style. The last four lines, likewise, of the 'Spanish Love-song' blemish the pathos and passion of the pre- ceding verses; and 'Sitting by the Fire' is too suggestive of Logan's exquisite, disre- garded, gem 'Waiting for the May'--a charming piece of music which should triumphantly claim its right of admittance into any English Anthology. We come now to the 'Voyage of Tele- gonus,' that pathetic wild Ulyssean episode which seems, from the outset, so susceptible of masterly treatment. And here, at least, it is in loving and powerful hands, for the tone of the poem is perfectly lofty and classic, and remarkably sustained in point of poetic vigour. This is the difficult task, yet the poet has achieved it. Though stately, the warm verse throbs with a strong active pulsation; though severe and statuesque, it rolls forth its majestic monody of a human woe, until we feel that this giant-limbed, brass-clad son of Circe--this shadowy demi- god of primeval twilight times--this heavy- handed wreaker no less than victim of the decrees of destiny--was as sorrowful and helpless in the hands of Fate as we are to-day! The diction of 'Telegonus,' and also that of 'Ogyges,' is full of pomp and power. All that sumptuous appreciation of 'jewel- coloured words,' which forms one of the characteristics of this singer, shows visibly here and elsewhere in this volume. 'On the Paroo,' 'A Death in the Bush,' and 'The Glen of Arawatta,' present the same luminous peculiarities, and reveal, beyond and above these, the existence of a patient observing faculty familiarised with Nature in her myriad moods. Here, at least, are no second-hand craftily- vamped-up remi- niscences of the subtle elusive beauty of hill and stream and woodland; for these melodi- ous murmurings are not only 'pure Helicon,' but are drawn direct from the illimitable treasuries of the Infinite! Shall I pass by 'King Saul at Gilboa?' I know I cannot. If I asserted this to be one of the happiest Scriptural paraphrases in the language, opulent as that is in riches, would the reader deem my eulogy over- coloured? Perhaps so. Nevertheless, such is my deliberate decision. Brief and rapid though the study is, it embodies a subject of singular interest; and, in basing a poem upon the Hebrew hero, Kendall has selected a person equal in all poetic requirements to any with whom I am acquainted in ancient or modern history. The career and tragedy of King Saul--as outlined in the Hebrew Book--reveal, or rather adumbrate, a character fruitful in the finest, the most superb, dramatic elements. Amidst the great--although, by comparison, lesser-- men chronicled, Saul bulks like a majestic Colossus; and, even in his closing days, when gnawing mistrust and cancerous evil had poisoned his peace, paralysed his spiritual strength, and clouded his mind; with the fumes of the Pit, he stood more like a baffled Archangel than a ruined Monarch. And yet, withal, as in those pathetic episodes when David's harping could alone exorcise the evil demon, we gain a brief lightning glimpse of the tender flowerful hollows that lay perdu in the secret depths of that mighty rugged nature. This son of Kish was, him- self, a man of supreme wilful genius; and even when overwhelmed by Philistian hordes, he was 'Godlike in his fall.' Such was Saul; and who that has read this splendid poem, will venture to negative my strong praise? In the third volume, published not long before Kendall's death, appeared certain poems of a type and character distinctly dissimilar from anything previously pub- lished by him. I refer to studies like 'Black Lizzie' and 'Black Kate,' and especially to such sketches as 'Bill, the Bullock Driver,' and 'Jem, the Splitter.' In these he took a wider flight, and alighted in a larger field than formerly. They are reproductions of types of cha- racter that grew and thrived at such localities as Camden Haven. He limns his portraits as Bret Harte might have done, and although he lacks the humour and pathos of Bret, he has a far finer command of the whole armoury of actual and vital poetry. 'Bill, the Bullock Driver,' for example, is modelled in a spirit of singular power. It is an absolute study of a phase of Australian forest life. It is a virtual word-photograph, produced by an accredited son of Apollo. It is characterised by genius and truth; and, indeed, if Kendall had not died shortly after he discovered his adapta- bility for this style of composition, we should, doubtless, have possessed some other superlative studies of a peculiarly Aus- tralian type. As it is, we must recognise without stint, the power of this poet to pourtray phenomenal phases of bush-life. The rest is our loss. But certain of the serious productions in this third volume are singularly power- ful. They rank amongst the poet's very best. He showed, in rhetorical structure and woof, a distinct advance, or, in any case, no retrogression, to the very end. What can be more striking in its way than the Melbourne Exhibition Cantata? Fluent, and, metrically speaking, of astonishing merit, it is a lyrical gem. Again,--while for simple pathos you may successfully take 'Bob' or 'Araluen'--would it not be difficult, in their own line of lyric beauty, to surpass 'Narrara Creek' and 'Beyond Kerguelen'? Indeed, I shall not hesitate to say that for melody and chime--all that weds music with words-- some verses of the former, and the whole of the latter, have not been surpassed by any contemporary English poet. It is in such poems as these that you see how often Melancholy in a poet is, per se, no calamity. Gloom is not always the child of morbid spleen. It is sometimes enthusiasm in a state of slumber, and a judicious touch or eloquent inspira- tion can arouse it to masterly activity. Intellect sometimes sparkles all the better for 'sweet melancholy,' precisely as the smitten ocean scintillates at midnight with myriads of phosphorescences unknown to the bright and happy day! Such poems as 'Mooni' and 'Narrara' are the direct product of the scenery which inspired them. Comparatively few who read these lines will know the localities. They are in the district of the Lower Hawkesbury. Not many are familiarized with the beauties of this region: few know the lovely creeks and land-locked sheets of windless water with which Nature, coy nymph as she is, provides her leisured lovers. Truly, here are 'perpetual feasts of nectared sweets.' Amid the divine solitudes of such places as Mooni, the bellbirds love to loiter and congregate by hundreds, filling the fragrant air with that miraculous monotone--'musical as is Apollo's lute'-- which chimes far sweetlier than the songs of many bird choristers of more exalted fame. Wander thither in Autumn, when the over- arching forest Titans that flank the stream are glorified with the charm of the Season! What do you hear? What see you? Above you, the woods are quivering with song-loud, sustained, symphonious song punctuated perhaps by the short sharp crack of hidden whip-birds. Below you, glides the creek. Hemmed in by giant hills, and sentinelled by great primeval woods and lesser shrubs and creepers; musical, as I say, with many voices, and brilliant with much flashing plumage--lo! it winds, and glides, and gurgles, and foams, and creates Edens of beauty as it goes! These are some of the revelations of Nature which the poet has translated for us. Before I refer briefly to one or two characteristics of Kendall's poetry I should, perhaps, not leave entirely unnoticed the fact that many of his poems have not ap- peared in his volumes, and will, some day, require to be collected. As an instance of the poet's opulent style, I shall not refrain from quoting some comparatively-unknown lines on 'Sydney Harbour.' Let the reader deny their beauty--if he can! But calm and lucid as an English lake Beloved by beams and wooed by wind and wing, Shut in from tempest-trampled wastes of wave, And sheltered from white wraths of surge by walk, Grand ramparts founded by the hand of God, The lordly Harbour gleams! Yea! like a shield Of marvellous gold dropt in his fiery flight By some lost angel in the elder days When Satan faced and fought Omnipotence, It shines among fair-flowering hills, and flows By dells of glimmering greenness manifold; And all day long when soft-eyed Spring comes round With gracious gifts of bird and leaf and grass-- And though the noon when sumptuous Summer sleeps By yellowing runnels under beetling cliffs, This royal water blossoms far and wide With ships from all the corners of the world. And while sweet Autumn with her gipsy face Stands in the gardens, splashed from heel to thigh With spinning vine-blood:--yea, and when the mild Wan face of our Australian Winter looks Across the congregated southern fens, Then low, melodious, shell-like songs are heard Beneath proud hulls and pompous clouds of sail By yellow beaches under lisping leaves In hidden nooks to Youth and Beauty dear. Concluded on page 10. KENDALL'S POEMS.--IDEAL PEN AND INK SKETCHES. See page 8. OUR AUSTRALIAN POETS. HENRY KENDALL.--Continued from page 6. Such an extract requires no critical en- dorsement from me, or from any other. So instinct is it with verbal harmony that the poet almost seems to commit the sin of sacrificing all other considerations to the marching music of his verse, and builds up his rhetorical structure with a pomp and glitter of language never paralleled among Australian poets. Charles Harpur makes the nearest approach. One or two of his poems \--notably the 'Creek of the Four Graves,' the 'Poet's Home,' and an occasional touch in 'The Tower of the Dream,'--possess that smiting idiomatic strength of phrase which denotes the true bard--the poet not wheedled and lapped and fondled into a spurious sentimentality which appears poetry to drawing-room belles and demireps of fashion, but that unmistakeable articles late teacher of beauty who requires for his spiritual nurture only the sublime monitions of many-voiced Nature! And now, with our goal drawing nearer, a few general critical remarks will be entirely pertinent. They are these.--It was, I think, 'Orion' Horne who, in describing Deniehy's sensuous appreciation of musical diction, averred that 'his mouth watered at words as a gourmand's at a pulpy peach.' Far more than to Deniehy this remark applies to Kendall. There is little in our poet's verse of the grave Wordsworthian meditative faculty; little affinity with that 'sugar-coated pill'--philosophy in metre. But, assuredly, no contemporaneous poet laboured with more intense and loving delight to evolve the subtle music lurking in honey-syllabled combinations than did Henry Kendall. He speaks, in one of his sonnets, of 'the rare delight' and 'sumptuous comfort left in drowsy eyes' by the 'haunting songs' of Alfred Tennyson--and this with all natural- ness. For, of all modern singers, Tennyson is the most impeccable. As an artist, he is, without doubt, the most consummate arti- ficer in dexterous poetic workmanship Eng- land has seen; and Kendall, by sheer force of natural sympathy, learnt largely from the elder bard. I know, personally, that his ap- preciation of the Laureate was one of the most emphatic and exalted description. To borrow a phrase not readily excelled, he 'honoured' the author of 'The Idyls of the King' just 'on this side idolatry.' In common with the best modern poetry Kendall's verse is essentially rhetorical in style--as much so as Swinburne's or Tennyson's. For, although these living leaders of the poetic world have little in common, they are alike in the marvellously facile play of their rhetoric. In tendencies they are, of course, antipodal. For, while Swinburne, with a lyric impetuosity and wealth of words absolutely Pindaric, hymns his harmonious 'Songs before Sunrise' to the restless and revolutionary--Tennyson, with sublime artistic tranquillity, pens æsthetic products, fit, at times, for his own dreamy passionless lotus- eaters. And Kendall's muse, too, as I have said, is mainly placid and melancholy. Yet, as an exponent of Nature's fiercer phases, how beautifully strong he is! He sings, in that melodious way of his, of many moods and many things. From 'winds that hum a pleasant tune' to 'belted clouds and scuds that wheel and whirl'; from 'gipsy Autumn with her grapes and grain,' to 'sumptuous Summer'; from 'hallowed mountain springs' to 'dripping decks and rents of ruined sails'; from 'fervid noons' to 'rushing twilights'; from 'lurid gleams of stormy sunset' to 'dells of glimmering greenness manifold'--the various vigour of his diction, and the facile ingenuity of his descriptive genius are wonderfully marked. A just critic-- candidly appreciative of authentic beauty and truth--could select from Ken- dall's poems scores of descriptive passages which no living poet has surpassed. And is not this--without enumerating aught else \--in the face of so many Old World giants a notable, nay a superlative characteristic? 