movenet. OB THB HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWEBS. ? ??<>?? X * " ~ CHAPTER XT/nr, XJLD7 FHABI, BAB AS ADVENTUBD. By Bmma Cktrrieon Jones. Lady Neville was slightly indisposed, and uu earl bad gono to Lanoaster in Mgard to business matters, he aaid; bat {or no other reason) bo his sister very well knew but to visit the Lancaster Moor Asylum, and make arrangements to oarxy oat his insane intentions; which, no doubt, was the cole oauso of her lady ship's Indisposition; for she looked her self in ber ohambor, and spent the . forenoon pacing np Mid down like an ' enraged tigress, wishing ainoerely that e£ie aad tho power to consign her brother to the tender mercies of a mad- house, as she had done his wife. Meanwhile tho countess took a fanoy to drive to the ruins of an old oastle somewhere amid the highlands, and near which waa a noted cavern. So tho pony-phaeton waa brought out, and a basket of sandwiches, and two or three bottles of ohampagne packed under tha seat, and Lady Marguerite and Sir Bayard summoned to accompany her. Lady Marguerite was not at all averse to going, and the baronet would have followed anywhere in the wake of the countess; her gold attracted him as a magnet attracts steel. The day waa fine in tho forenoon, and their drive waa quite pleasant, and they found the old ruins grand andpioturesque beyond all description. The countess, who was quite a traveller in her way, was especially delighted. ''What a oharming old plaoe I" she orled, as they sat in a dim old chapel, with fretted coiling and stained windows, sipping their champagne; "and since I oome to remember it, you used to be an artist, Sir Bayard," she added, turning upon the baronet; "how ia it we see none of your work now I" The baronet blushed like a girl, and stammered in dire confusion. " Pshaw I" ejaculated the oountess > "what are you Mushing about J I detest Bashful men ; if you have a talent for anything 'tis nothing to be ashamed of." Sir Bayard managed to get hia voice, but it quavered dreadfully. He did— well—he used to sketch a long while ago —when he was travelling—but— " No buts about it," said the dowager. "You're not ao clever that you need to drop your accomplishments—l'd like to hay? a sketoh of these ruins—so do you purchase materials in Perth, and we'll drive over again in a few days, and you shall make a sketoh for mo. ' r The taronet bowed in silence, but his face looked like the faoe of a condemned criminal. Tha oountess atared in amaze ment. " What it the matter t" ohe cried ; one minute you're as rod ao a rose, and tha next as white aa a ghost. Are you Sir Bayard waa not quite well; he had been troubled with diaainesa for a day or two. He would walk about a little ; it would soon wear off. Accordingly, he strolled off in one direotion, and Lady Marguerite, watching hor opportunity, disappeared in another,- the countess remainhwin the chapel, to rest herself ana finish her ohampagne. "How.the poor girl does detest him ?" Bhe murmured ; ? and I don't wonder at tt muoh, Bayard Brompton's a queer JSSS eo £ B wa 7- ho,( * B?t a secret that troubles him. I wonder what it is ? But no matter," sho added, turning baok to bar champagne, "he's one of my own ?oe, and she ohall marry him—it may bo and rX 1 " MVInS him fr ? m d ' B S raoe fileonwhilo, Lady Marguerite made her way through the mouldering walla of the I ?^ 0 * *-f d out of the WMm ? aummer i 1 ?^, oudJ, WMa gathering in the ????, but the sun still shone, and the we?*a waa sweet and fresh. She strollod Vt 0, j palnad avonue, beneath the wawpeang fir branohoa, and out into the tj??n, open park. The prospeot around !** ?M Indescribably grand and beauti- Lull. Oo „ oa8 h "?a towered the bold, SiuT /"-V 9 - ?"??* now and then the gitwering gleam of some mountain lake, 11-JV*"" 1 " fcwbed the spires of Perth and distant Dundee. There was a fallen statue near at hand, amnflera Apollo, half imbedded in the hia lyre broken, and nil his god-lfto beauty falling to decay. Lady j? 86 * te * l?awclf upon this fallen god, , "£'?">% her lovely brow on hor hand f£? d ??* ??<?' &? glorious aummor bgwim With sad, aad eyes. So young, I STi^A 8 ? ?****-? miserable 1 The vor> ? ?STOW** 0 ?P on her bow ed ngM, *ri* its mora of silken gold in ' Jrt^L^K o ' *?? tan-art, the 6 * *?&?ad, wonder. ?3 tray i% waa tJia4 fcJa tJCJy jissssaoa ia i*. _ u- . ?'-".'."* -""~-<f t ?;.?.''"'?'?'-'_ ?,'? ~. opired ber with suoh disgust, and aversion f She could not bear to be in the same room with him, and yet in three abort months she. would be his wife I "I cannot," sho murmured, the silent taara falling over ber cheeks. "Surely God will lot 'mc die and escape it, Poor papa, I would givo my life to please and comfort kirn, but I can.never bo that nan's wife." . Aid them hep fanoy, by a sudden,nnd ?apriolous' transition, recalled another face, a handsome, . manly face, lit by bright brown eyes. Poor little Pearl sighed, and a vivid red flushed her waxen cheeks. She waa an earl's daughter, yot aha was quite as full of idle fancies, and Billy, girlish dreams, aa tha humblest peasant girl npoa her father's domains. She aat thsre in tho old park, on tha falltn status of Apollo, droatninr in the bright summer sunshine, and always ia her dreaming thosa bright brown eyas ware present. Foolish, foolish little Paarll Tha sound of an approaching footstep atartltd her, and she sprang np, in haaka to fly baok and escape an interview with Sir Bayard ; but she met face to face not Sir Bayard, but Captain If essbxooke. He bowed with courtly graoe, that pleasant smile of his making his brown eyes irresistible. Lady Marguerite flushed like a rose in her embarrassment. " I beg you pardon, Lady Marguerite," said the captain, "but you were just what I needed to make my sketch perfect" —he pointed towards his portfolio and drawing materials, whioh lay a .few feet distant—-" and my patron saint sent you to sit on the fallen Apollo. Will you look at my sketch ?" Lady Marguerite followed him, and he laid before her, with pardonable pride, a maoterly Bketch of the hoary old ruins, and of the green park, with herself seated on tho fallen marble, and the bold peaks, and the rolling highlands in the distance. " Why, what an artist you are, Captain Fossbrooke," ehe said, simply. " I never saw anything so perfeot. How it would delight the countess." "Do you think so 1 Then the countess must see it," smiled the captain. He took up his portfolio, and they walked on aide by side. " I did cot dream of suoh a pleasure as meeting your ladyship," he said. " Whon I oame out to aketoh this morning I thought you were at the Towers." Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be neath his admiring glances. " We came across over a week ago," she replied. " We are staying at Ravens wold,"an old highland country-house belonging to the countess." "Ah, I understand! How long shall you remain ?" "Until the last of September, I think." " That's pleasant," oried the captain, I'm here myself for the summer. I've abandoned the sword, for the hot weather at least." _ They had reaohed tho ruins by this time, and as they turned into the grand vestibule, olambering over heap? of rubbish, they oame upon Sir Bayard, wholly recovered from his dizziness, it appeared, and coming in aearoh of Lady Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering tombs below the ohapel, had confronted him, he could not have looked more startled than he did at sight of the captain. He looked like a statue, his faoe growing livid, his eyes wide and staring. "How are you to-day, Sir Bayard?" said the captain, extending his hand with frank cordiality. The baronet gave him the tips of his fingers, a scowling frown contracting his brows. Tho next instant he offered his arm to Lady Marguerite, and led her away—the countess waa awaiting her he said. Nothing dashed by hia evident d islike and ill-humor, the captain followed them into the grand gloom ol the old chapel, where the countess Btill sat. She looked up in unutterable surprise at his sudden appoarance. " Why, blea3 my soul," she oxolaimed, regarding him over her goggles, " who is it? Why, 'tis Fossbrooke—Captain Fossbrooke 1" Tbe captain bowed profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattered to know that her ladyship remembered him. Ho was making a sketching tour through the Highlands. " Why, I thought you were a soldier," interrupted the dowager, spitefully. "So I am, and begging your ladyship's pardon, an artist, too, in my way. Would you do my poor sketch the honor to look at it?" '*Do look at it, please," whispered Marguerlto, hor radiant faco all smiles and blushes, "you will be so pleased, I know 1" The artist drew the sketch from hi? portfolio, and laid it before her, and the dowager condescended to examfno it. Her oye? brightened beneath hor gogglos as Bhe looked. " Why, young man," she cried at lost, ?' This thing is worthy of a placo in my gallery at Mortlake I I never Baw a finer landscape I Do you caro to sell it ?" " It isn't finished yet," replied Captain Fossbrooke, flushing with gratification; " it will mako a finer appearance by far when it is complete." " Woll, complete it, thon, and I'll givo you a good price for it. What do you want ? Will three hundred pounds do ?" "That would be a very genorou? remuneration," replied tho oaptam, " but if your ladyship would accept—" But she out him short with a gesture. " I nover aocept anything," sho said. I've money enough to pay for all I want. Mind, the picture's mine aa soon as it is done. Why can't you do something like that, Brompton I" she oontinued, turning to the baronet. " What has beceme of your talent 1" Sir Bayard did not reply, but tho cap tain did. " Oh, yes," ho put in pleasantly, " Sir Bayard does dabble in colours, too. I remember now, my friend, Oolonel Rich mond Brooke, used to speak of Sir Bayard as an artist 1" Tbo baronet's faco began to lose its color, and his eyes to wander restlessly boneath the captain's steady gate, and he stammered wretohedly in hia attempts to reply. ' If'd he'd spoken of bim as a fool, he'd havo been nearer the truth, I think," muttered the dowager, under her breath; thon aloud, " Here, Marguerito, givo the captain a sandwich and a bottlo of cham pagne," she said, " and then we'll gathor up, and get ready for starting." Marguerite obeyed with blushing eager ness, and while the captain, sitting down beside the countess, uncorked his cham pagne and ate bis sandwich, talking all j the while with that nameless ease and grace that characterised all his move ments, the baronet,' utterly uoable to control his blanching shacks aad shaking knees, availed himself of the pretext of losing that the carriage was repdy, and made his escape. "With your ladyship's kind per mission," ventured the artist, after he had placed the ladies in the carriage, standing in the noonday atmlight, his handsome face and.briglft-brown eyes {ill aglow with life and gonial humour, "I'll call at Raveuswold in a day or two and bring the sketch ?" ' And the countess nodded in her grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized hersslf the moment after when her sharp eyes caught sight of Marguerite's vivid blushes and lingering glances as the earriage rattled away " A pretty nets I've made ef it," she soliloquised, "giving him aa excuse to come—and the girl is head-over-heels i? love with him already." They drove a mile or two further dowa amid the highlands to see the tavern, which was a weird and wonderful sub terranean abode, running for miles be neath the base of a rocky cliff, roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic- likeexcrescencesthat gleamed and flashed in the light of their torches like precious stones. The countess and Marguerite were carried away with delight and admiration, and lingered long after Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had ohanged and the day wa? far advanced. There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful forget fulness. The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. '' I beg your ladyship's pardon," he said, addressing the countess: " but there be every sign as warn? ye when a storm's a brewin', and I thought it best to fasten the 'oases, and come down an' tell ye." And at the same moment, as if in con firmation of hia words, a roll of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating eohoes around them. Marguerite grew pale with alarm, and the countess went stump ing off towards the entrance at a furious rate. " Tou villian 1" Bhe cried, with her oharactoristio unreason, as another peal seemed to Bhake the foundation of the mountain ; " why didn't you come and tell me before % What made you wait till the last moment}" " I beg your grace's pardon," implored the driver ; " but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago." " Hush with your clatter, will you ? If I'm caught in the storm it shall cost you your place, that's all. Here, Brompton, don't stand there like a gaping idiot. Can't you help me to get out ? Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistance of the guide. The storm wa? certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gained the outside world again. The west was one great mass o£ boiling black, edged with brassy yellow where the lurid Bun was going down; and the thunder bellowed in the great distance like the guns in a great battle. " I think we had better return to the cave till the storm is over," suggested the baronet, as he surveyed the ominous sky. "You do?" snarled the dowager, as she hobbled on toward the carriage; " then take shelter in it. If you want to be buried in that pit o' fire and brimstone in a thunderstorm 'tis more than I do. Here, Marguerite, be quick, and now, sir—addressing tho driver— " drive for your life ; if you don't get back to tho old castle beforq the atorm breaks I'll clip your ears." Sir Bayard sprang to his seat without another word, and the coachman, mount ing his box, lashed his hor?os like a mad man. But the highland roads were rough and bad, and in the gloom of the waning afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road from another. Tho poor fellow had not driven half a mile before he waa utterly bewildered. But he kept on, the fiery animal? at their best speed, and growing wilder with the blaze of the lightning in thoir eyes. " Are we in sight of the castle ?" de manded the countess, shuddering at every fresh peal. " Not yet, your ladyship," replied the coachman, urging his steeds into a lonely lane, which ran through the heart of a forest oi firs. ? . ? Sir Bayard Jpened the carriage door and looked out, as the darkness began to olose around them. " We are on the wrong road I" he oried out. " The man has lost his way 1" The counte?s uttered a ory of rage and exooration, but an awful shook, as if heavon and earth were coming together, and at the Bamo in?taut a blinding flash silenced her. Tho Very air was charged with sulphurous gas, and the affiriglited horses, maddened beyond all control, Bbot off at a broik-neok pace._ Tho baronet put out his head to call to the driver, and, to his utter conster nation, saw that the box was empty. Tho driver was gone. CHAPTER L. NEW FKIENDB. On and on they went, tho horses mak ing great flying leaps, and dragging tho carriage after them, over ruts and rocks, nnt\ nrnahrate trees, llie thundar ratfclinrr overhead, the blazing lightning revealing the sombre woods and distant mountain peaks. The poor dowager, humble and quiet onough in peril and fear, crouched down upon the floor of tho carriage, and bury ing her face in the cushions, moaned and prayed for help. Marguerite sat erect, calm and quiet, showing no sign of what she felt, save in the deadly pallor of har face. Sir Bayard had been watching for a chanco to rein in the runaway horses, but finding that such an attempt would be worso than madness, he returned to his seat. By tho inoossant glare of tbe lightning he could see that they were nearing a dismal mountain gorge, and the horses were increasing rather than diminshing their speed. He turned toward Lady Marguerite with an anxious faco. "Lady Marguerite," ho said, putting out his arm to support her, "try to be calm ; wo are nearing a dangerous de clivity; allow mc to support you—the shook will be terrible." But ovon ia that moment oi supremo danger aha turned from him, her face white and cold, her blue eyes glit tering. "T do not need you, Sir Bayard," she replied, haughtily, " and the. coun tess does." He had no time for remonstrance, for the horses went over with ono flying bound, and tho carriage followed with an awful crash ; and then the countess uttered a thrilling cry, and, with the sound in her ears. Marguerito felt herself going down, down, thousands of fathoms deep, it ssemed, and then all was utter dark ness. Lady Marguerite awoke to conscious ness in the dim twilight of a pleasant little chamber, a sweat, fresh breeze blowing through the open window, and cooling her fevered cheeks, and a soft hand smoothing back her hair with soothing, dainty touches. Hor temples throbbed painfully, and she felt very weak and lanquisl after her dreadful fright, aad the dainty tonohes were so soothing tbat she closed her eyes again and lay for several moments in balf-unconscious enjoyment. But curiosity began to assert itself.and she opened them again ; and this time she saw the faoe of a young girl bending over her—a rare and lovely face, as fair and pure as a pearl. She smiled involuntarily,' and the pretty, rose lips above her smiled baok in response. "Papa," oolled a voice, as sweet as the note of a thrush, " she's awake. Como in, please ?" And the next instant the pearl-fair face vanished, and a rough, bearded one looked down in its place. Lady Marguerite struggled up to a sitting posture, but the effort made her faint and dizzy. " Where am I ?" she asked, gazing about her with bewildered oyes. The young maiden with the pearl-fair face advanced to her side. "You are at my aunt's, Mrs. Keith's— and this is Dootor Renfrew, who lives just below Strathspey Towers, and I am Maggie, his daughter," she said, aweetly. , " And you had a pretty rough shaking up last night," put in the old dootor ; "so lie down and keep quiet. Maggie will bring you some breakfast presently." The terrible dangers of the past night oame back with awful distinctness to Lady Marguerite's memory. " And the oountes?," she asked, grow ing pale, " what of her ?" " Nothing, only blio's half dead from the fright, and she's got a littlo twist in her ankle—nothing serious," replied the doctor. "And the gentleman, Sir Bayard Brompton ?" added, Maggie, considerate "ls bruised pretty badly," finished the doctor, as he walked away. Marguerite _ lay baok upon her pil lows, with a sigh of relief. They had passed through the danger comparatively unhurt. Presently she asked another ques tion. "Who found us? How did we get here?" " Captain Fossbrooke found you," the girl replied. " He saw you at the old castle, I think, and seeing that a storm was coming, hurried after you to bring you here till it was over. But you had loft the cave when ho reached it, and he did not come up with you till after tho horses had run down the gorge. He found the carriage smashed, and Sir Bayard standing in despair over the countess and yourself, believing you to be dead. But the captain know better, so he got holp and brought you here. And now," she added, smiling brightly, " you know everything, and you must lie quite still, till I run down to the kitchen and fetch your breakfast. Lady Marguerite obeyed, and in ten minutea Bhe was back again, with a tempting meal on an old fashioned silver tray, and with it a small bunch of roses and English violets. " Captain Fossbrooke sent these," she said, sb she put the flowers in Pearl's hands, " with his compliments, and he would like to come in and inquire how you are, but papa won't let him. Papa's awful cross about his patients." Lady Marguerite did not answer ; sho averted her face to hide the burning flush that suffusedit. "When did the captain come?" she asked, after a pause. "Captain Fossbrooke 1 Oh, he boards here, you know. Aunt Keith always takes boarders in Summer, and the cap tain's been here a week or two. He's on a skotohing tower, and draws beautifully. Como now, let mc assist you to riso ; there, tho pillow, will support you ; and you can eat your . breakfast nicely, Whilo I run in and Bpeuk to the coun tess." "Toll hor I'm vory glad she's not seriously injured," stammered Margue rito ; "and—and—you may," she stam mered, h6r cheeks glowing liko/peonies, " you may say to Captain r Fossb'rooke that I am very much obliged'to' him for the flowers." " "Vory well," and away went Maggio, trilling a littlo Highland melody. And Lady Marguerite trifled with hor tempting breakfast for a minute or two, and then lay down, _' burying hor -face amid her pillows, with a sharp, aohing pain at her heart. That afternoon the earl, who had re turned from Lancashire, drove over with Lady Neville.and Judith, Margue rite's maid ; and for the first tune in half a score of years, ho met with Doctor Renfrew. . ' The old Scotchman Btood stubbornly, his keen gray oyes looking straight be fore him, as the peer advanced, deter mined if there was any salutation be tween them that he would not bo tho firat to apeuk. Tho earl did not hesitate, however ; ho came up, with oxtendod hand. "How are you, doctor?" he said, a wan smile lighting his worn, white faoe ; " you and I parted a little at odds, if I remember rightly. Are you friendly enough to forgot and forgive V" " I am friendly enough to forgive you," replied the doctor, "but forgetting is another thing—l can't do that, Lord Strathspey." _ The earl winced, and hesitated an in stant beforo ho Bpoko again. "No, you can't forget 1" ho said, at | last, an unutterable despair in his voico and face, and I won't ask it, but, dootor," he added, with a sudden passion, "you we're my best and earliest friend, and I don't like you to think mc an unprincipled villain, Dootor, in all the wide earth, there is no wretch so utterly lost and bo curaed as I am." The old man pat out his hand and clasped the earl's in a hearty grasp. "My poor Angus," he Baid, " I knew it would oomo to thia—nnd now it is too late." "Too lato I" echoed tha earl," too latel She's dead —l stood by her gravo yester day I She lies in the common Potter's Field on Lancashire Moor." There was a something inexpressibly thrilling in the man's utter despair. The doctor drew his hands across his eyes. "And she loved you ao, Angus," ho Baid ; "poor thing, I shall nover forgot her last words to me—" tell my husband that I love him and forgive him—" "Don't I" cried the earl, putting his hand to his heart, " 1 cannot bear it 1 Qreat Heaven, dootor, remorse is a ter rible thing I I wish I could diol If it wero not such a cowardly thing to do, I'd soon end all this." "You will do bettor to live, and clear your wife's slandered name ; you aro not ready to close your accounts yet." " True enough I But I cannot banish her faoo one instant—sleeping or waking, it is before my eyes ; her whito, hopeless face looking through the bars of a mad house. I shall go mad myself soon 1 But that waa not toy work, doctor." " What ? consigning your wife to a mad-house ?" _" Yes I Sir Marshall Neville and his wife did it, and without my knowledge, while I was abroad. " But you didn't try to undo it, whilo thero was time," said the doctor, merci lessly. " No, because I doubted her fidelity." " And what has changed your mind, Lord Strathspey ?" Tho old man s wrath was rising again, but the earl did not resent it; he an- Bwered meekly: "I cannot tell—l do not believe the young man who bears my name is my son for one thing." " It's a marvel to mc that you did not find that out long ago," returned the dootor. "A mother's instincts are al ways true—tho boy in tho Tyrol was yours, and your wifo knew it; but, womanlike, she loved you so tenderly that she kept all her hopes and fears to her self, and tried to got at the bottom of the mystery before ehe disturbed your mind. " There's where the trouble began—if she had only trusted mc at first, and had no secrets from me—l thought the child was hers—born before our marriage." The dooter uttered an exclamation of disgust. "Just like a jealous fool!" he ex claimed. " Couldn't the child's age de termine that?" " I took no thought of it's age," re plied the earl. "No, you didn't," stormed tho old man, |'you ju?t jumped at conclusions, to suit your jealous fancy— you should havo gone to a mad-house, not your poor wife, the truest and fondest wife in Eng land." The earl stood silent in the summer twilight, his face ghastly in the gloom. "Yes," he said, slowly, at last, hi? voice broken and unnatural. "Ibolieve it all now, and I would give my soul's eternal welfare to recall the past—but it is too late, too late I" (7o it continutd.) 