SIGNOR ALBERTO ZELMAN. Signor Alberto Zelman, whose portrait we give this month, is a native of Trieste, and re- colved his musical education from Luigi Ricoi, the composer of the popular opera, Crispine e la Comare. He was a fellow studont with Alberto Randegger, Francesco Berger and Rota, and in conjunction with them took part in the composition of an opera called Il Laz- zaroni. The first two of these are recognised as composers of much talent, and Randegger is one of the most celebrated maestri di canto of modern times. Signor Zelman is himself a composer of considerable merit, and has pro- duced many compositions of sterling value, both vocal and instrumental. His latest pro- duction is a charming marecau for the' piano forte, entitled Serenade Andalouse, published in last month's issue of this paper, which will be recognised by all pianists as well represent- ing the bost class of modern music for the piano forte. Signor Zelman's thorough knowledge of the art of orchestration has been shown on many occasions, particularly when Wagner's Lohengrin was first produced here, under the late Mr. Lystor's management. The original score could not be obtained, and Signor Zel- man, who conducted the opera, performed the Herculean task of scoring it for the orchestra under his baton. He is also known as a suc- cessful teacher of the pianoforte, as a good organist and an experienced orchestral con- ductor. His linguistic acquirements are of a high order, and he is remarkably well read in all classes of the best literature. He at present occupies the position of organist at St. Ignatius's Roman Catholic Church, Richmond, was until lately honorary pianist of the Melbourne Liedertafel, and during the recent Exhibition concerts acted as sub-conductor and chorus master. William Byrde, one of tho greatest musicians of the Elizabethan age, in the preface to his collection of Psalms, Sonnets and Songs of Sad- ness and Pietie, published in 1598, gives the following reasons for learning to sing, the amusing quaintness of which is mingled with good sense :— Reasons brioflio sot down by th* auotor to per su'ade every one to loarri to sing :— 1\. It is a knowledge oasilio taught and quiaklio learned, .when thoro is a good master and an apt 'sohblar. 2\. The exoroiso of singing is delightful to nature,- and^ gobdrto preserve.' the health of man. ' 3. It doth strengthen all parts of- the heart, and doth open the pipes. 4\. It is a singular and good remedio. fora stuttering and stammering in the speeoh.' - i' 5.*' It is tho best means to, preserve -a,, perfeot pronunciation, and to make a good orator. - 6\. It is the only way to know where; naturo hath bestowed the benefit of a good voyco ; which gift is so rare that there is not one amongst a thousand that hath it ; and, in manic, that excellent gift is lost because they want an art to express nature. 7\. There itt not any musioko of instruments whatsoever comparable' to that whioh is made of thevoycos of mon, whore the voycos are good, and the samo well sorted and ordered. The better tho voyco is, the meeter it is to honor and aorve God therewith ; and the voyoe of man is chiefly to ho employed to that end. Omuls xpirituH laudet Dominum. Since singing is ho good n thin;;, I wish nil men would Iwuu to sing. Lahlachc, tho great bass singer, wan very absent minded. Having once ' been granted an audience ,of the king ho was first shown into a cold ante-chamber to wait, whore fearing that ho would take cold ho sat without removing his hat. At length it was announced that tho king would receivo M. Lablncho at once, and tho latter in tho confusion of tho moment caught up a hat from a chair near him, and entered His Majesty's presence wearing ono hat and carrying another in his hand. The droll appearnnco ho presented excited tho king to an uncontrollable fit of laughter which utterly disconcerted tho astonished vocalist, who begged to be informed tho reason of this apparently ill timed hilarity. The king replied by asking tho question, ' Which is your hat, tho ono yon aro wearing on your head, or tho one you carry in your hand ?' Notwithstanding his discomfiture Lablaohe was equal to the occasion, and replied that two hats were undoubtedly too many for a man who had lost his head. A hitherto unknown early work by Beethoven was recently discovered at Prague, consist ing of a movoment from a pianoforte ? con : corto in D major, including the orchestral score. Boethoven gavo a concert in Prague in 1796, and another in 1798, and it is surmised that tho composition in question was played by him at one of those. In an artiolo in a magazino of Prague, Herr Adler gives a description of tho movement, and reprints the orchestral intro duction in pianoforte score. The Mozartean form and oharaoter of tho musio aro admitted, but it is considered in many respects to rosomblo Boqthovon's early stylo. The move ment was ' played at a Philharmonic concert in ?Vienna on tho 7th of April by -, Horr 'Josef., Labor.' .Tlio houso at Bonn1 in: which this groat composer was born has for some years past been used as a low olaus 'musio' liall. It has now been purchased by somo musio lovers jfor £1300, and it.will bo rostored to the style; in whioh it is supposed to ' havo been in Beethoven's titno. Two or moro rooms will also .bo used for ,. Beethoven1 relios, aftor the plan adopted in Shakspoare's houso at Stratf ord-on~Avon. ? ? ---?' The groat violinist, Joachim, celebrated tho jubilee of liis first publio appoaranoo oivthe 17th of Maroh. The following is an extraot translated from a Posth publication ontitled tho Mirror of Art, bearing tho date, 20th Maroh, 1839:— 11 Musioal infant phonomenon. We oall the at tention of the publio to the extraordinary talent of the young violinist, Joseph Joachim, eight years of age, who lives amongst ua. Ho is the pupil of SaerYaoalnskyi This oxtrcvorclinnry boy will probably in the future mark nn epoch in tho world of art, and wo shall bo glnd if wo ara tho first to contribute to tho spruad of his fame. 'Wo shall soon Imvo tho opportunity of hearing tho littlo riiimmu Last Sunday ho played in tlio amtooratio ranliid horo to tho ad miration of all hoarors.' JJy a curious coinci dence the clays of the weeks and months of the present year oxnotly correspond with thoso -rf 50 yoars sinco. An Ainorican nowspapor reports that at a con cert given recently in London 48 lady pianiston appeared and performed simultaneously on 'iA pinnos. It is to bo hoped- in tho interests of humanity, if not of art, that tho Amoricnn re porter has been drawing his statement from t '.-* regions of imagination. A musician whoso limited moans modo it necessary that ho should economise was en deavoring to obtain a houso at a cheap rental. A houso agent offered him an apparently desirable one at a low figure, but on (jNpre.ssiny; his willingness to take it he recoived thu warn ing that tlioro was a drawback which counter balanced tho advantage of cheap rent. Tho house was hauntod. ' Oh/ is that all,' replied our musician, ' I'm not afraid of ghosts.' 'Hut,' continued the agent, ' this is a peculiar manifestation ; tho houso is haunted- by tho ghost of a woman wiioso incessant pianoforte playing excited her husband to such madness that he murdered her, and she is said to still pbrforrn her favorite pieces. ' 'And what were they?' . asked tho musician. 'Tho Maiden's Prayer and Silvery Waves,' was tho reply. Ho (led, and the houso is still to lot. A Musical Burglar. — A man who 'broke into song ' the other night was promptly re ceived with a stave, and a bar put to his pro ceedings. Ho had -round his waist abra&s; band, and tho koy of the song in his pocket, whilo note-) in great profusion woro found upon him, : some of them falso ones. Scene in Front of an Opera House. — Countryman: 'What's goiu'- on in horo to night, Mistor?' Mister (hritsquuly) : 'Ciot- tor-dam-or-ung.' Coiintryiuiui (ainnzud) : 'Is that tho way you answer a feller when ho iieka a civil quo.jtion ?',' The conductor of a certain musical society onco undertook to produce n. new work by a composer whose presence in the town enabled him to attend the final rehearsal. Everything wont well for a time, until one number was leached, whon tho composer intimated to thu conductor his desire that tho movement might bo taken faster or slowor, as the case might bo. *'Oh, my dear fellow,' airily ejaoulatod the man with the baton, ' that will bo all right, you know you and I alwivys did differ in matters of tempo I' Mother : 'I am surprised to seo you play ing the piano, Clara, so soon aftor your uncle's death.' Clara: 'Well, mamma, I w.w only playing on tho black-keys.' SIGNOR ALBERTO ZELMAN. SIGNOR ALBERTO ZELMAN. 