©ales m& # ketches. [NOW FZBST PUBLISHED.] BY CRDER OF THE CZAR. THS TRAGIC STOBT OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THK liUEFN OF THIS GHETTO. 3Y JOSEPH HATTON. Author of ' Cruel London,' *? The Three Recruits,' 'John Needham's Double ** &ca; [all eights keseeted.] PARTIL Chapteb V. — Continued. Mra. Milhunte was Belted at - pretty tea table, lighted with a pretty copper lamp. Dolly n- half buried in an easy chair with the last new book in her lap. Swynford hoped she was enjoying her literature. She looked up with a mischievous smile and said she was, though she most confess it was full of sadness, not to aay horrora. Stepniak's ?' Russia under the Czare,' she continued, this time taming her blue eyes towards Philip, who, of course, became immediately inter ested. Her sisters had snggested the book as a desirable one to have lying about since they had seen the sketch on Philip's easel, and they had driven down to Madie's for it before going home after they had left the studio that very afternoon. It had not taken Dolly half an hour, the half hour after dinner, to get at the tone of the work, and to know just enough to let Philip see that she was interested in the subjects which interested ' Yes,' he replied, sitting down by her aide, ?' it a painful subject, though one might be forgiven for expecting to find something noble in pages inscribed wilh such a title —but there is in the record - of its msrtydoms.' There was something fateful in Philip's appearance and manner ; he was pale, his black hair was dishevelled, it {ell in a great shock over his forehead, his long hands were particularly white, and there was s poetic melancholy in the expression of his sallow faoe that suggested much thought and work. All this made him interesting in Dolly's *rtf nifttf nt|i and she WM also tnlr«m by the air of distinction which seemed to belong to those Btndent- Jike characteristics which were m opposite to the happy pro! essional air of her brother-in-law, and to the smug city cheer fnlnen of Samuel Swynford, of Lombard street u I bare always been deeply concerned in regard to the fate of political prisoners in Xtussia,** continued Philip, '* mfl just now I am thinking of little else. I suppose there is b- touch of iy*lfi«ftiT|t*iffi in tills Tnron'^ devotion, because I am patting my feelingi ?.fifl my imagination into commission as it were ; I hope they will asust me to carry off the Gold MedaL' 'Oh, that is the secret of the sketch we saw tiiis afternoon?' aid Mm. Milbanke. 'Ton forgot to tell as; or perhaps it is a **Forsy;-h thonght he wonld not epoQ a good snbject for conversation this evening,' chimed in the host. ' Yes, my dear, I will hare a cup of tea ; dont approve of tea as a role, * bnt to-night we'll merry be' as the song says, eh, Swynford?' Walter did sot quite know what he was saying ; not that he had had too much wine, bat his wife had been making signs at him, and he died to hide hi* n'n.im A*r*f,»n -7* 'g of them under a ripple of talk. ' A good old song,' he went on ; ** I remember my father singing it when I was a boy at a birthday — yes, my dear. Mr. Swynford will take a cap of tea. and by the way. Swynford, yon are a judge of water colours. I would like to show yon a little portfolio I bought last week — a collection of landscapes and figures — two little Turners, half a dozen David Cox's, a Calcott. and a couple ot sketches by Tjp^m^r ? here it is, my boy.' And Walter, having suddenly caught the meaning of Mb wife's nod, had I -Jo. Sam to the furthest end of the room, away from Philip and Dolly, and was Boon deep in the mysteries of the portfolio in question, getting Sam's ideas of its value, not only artistically bnt financially, together with hit views of the present inflated state of the money market and other matters of current interest. Meanwhile Philip responded to Dolly's sympathetic inquires about prison life in Russia, the high-handed character of what was termed administrative arrest, and what he intended to convey in that sketch, in which the woman's face was so remarkable as to have set Jenny talking of nothing else ever since they had seen it' Philip rode his hobby gracefully, with eloquence and with know ledge, and paused more than once to note bow beaatift.1 Dolly was, and what a contrast were her red lips, her bright genial eyes and warm healthful fleeh, compared with tbe woman of the opera, 'the ghost of Madame Lapnkin,' as Dick Chetwynd had Btyled her. Presently Jenny had drawn her cbair near the two youny people, to hear Philip'b story of this woman at the opera and hia desire to have her aB a model for the face in his meia, picture ; and by and by she led their con versation np to their trip to Italy and ttaf poetic loveliness of Venice, where ehe assured him he wonld find a model in every woman or the people whom he met. Sliehad oniy bcon she thought she /iad seen more beautiful women during those seven days than ever thij had seen in her like before. Philip in reply could not resist the suggestion that it was not necessary to go to Venice to look for beauty ; and if he accompanied them he should ask the favour of patting Dolly into a Venetian picture, for so far as he was any judge of the peculiarities of the Venetian face he thought Dolly herself possessed that curl of the lip and that sun shine in the hair which was supposed to be thoroughly Venetian. Without seeming to say it, the clever little matchmaker let I'hilip also understand that Dolly was also blessed with a certain golden sunshine in the Three per cents, which his mother. Lady Forsyth, thought an important item in the charms of marriageable young lad ee. It is difficult to fathom the thoughts of man, and to say whether the best of God's creatures is mercenary or not, whether the must virtuous may not be influenced now and tbt-n by the worst passions. So far as the narmtur of this history is concerned, he is inclined to think Philip did not note the worldly hint of Mrs. Milbanke, or, if he did. that it had no influence with him, though the hostess more than once made some passing reference to the responsibilities of marriage being so greatly lessened if there was money on both sides ; or if there was money on one side and getuuB on the other. Quite in a more or less incoubequenti&l; way. setting in a reference to an artist whom they both knew ?vho «as very clever but Btill could not sell hifi pictures, and what an important thing it was in art for a man to be more or less independent of dealers, so that he could afford to follow the bent of hie genius or his inclina tion, and do the work he liked best ; and so on— an eloquent rush of worldly wisdom, most useful in regard to young people about to contract a marriage, and especially to a couple of young people, the bride pretty, with mooey and Bocial position, and the bridegroom an artist also with social position, a little money, perhaps, and no end of genius and ability, if he could only paint what he wished and be independent of the Academy and of dealers ; and somehow PbUipfound himself, be fore he quite knew where he was, ^««^'«''g these delicate matters, as if he or Dolly, or both, were personally concerned in them. And once, Dolly's hand being near Philip's he laid his upon hers, and she not with drawing it, be presfied the fair hand, and was very sensible of its soft pliability. The gentle pressure that responded to his, when he ventured a little further and took Dolly's hand fairly within his own, set his heart beating, and he forgot everything except Dolly and his mother's praises of her. It came into his mind that it would please his mother very much if he married Dolly, and that she was very beautiful, had golden hair, a sweet voice, and cheerful manners, and that sometimes Fate met one half way* as it were, and some tJmFff clapped one on the shoulder unawares, and that after all it wonld be a pleasant Fate to be entitled to take Dolly to one's arms, and have her for a lifelong companion. While Walter Milbanke was fooling Samuel Swynford, it was as good as settled that his hopes were to be utterly crashed. Why, therefore, prolong the description of this evening one moment more than is necessary to acquaint the reader with the main incident of the night t Swynford felt uncomfortable, and said he mtiBt go earlier thin he had business he bad in the city the next morning at ten, and took a cheerful leave of Westbtuy Lodge two houra before Philip ; and long before that favoured young gentleman said ** Good-night,' be had been alone with Dolly for three parts of that time, both Walter and his wife having business in another corner of their pretty house ; Mrs. Milbanke to see the children pat to bed (though they had been in bed for boors), and Walter to answer a couple of letters which had come in by the last post. It was a blissful time for Philip while it ?imtttd ; a dream of a new and unexpected kind of happiness ; a dream in which handB in which a soft, sweet, blushing girl 'confessed that ehe loved him ; a dream in which be believed he loved her better than anything or anybody in all the world. And bo it was settled that a fortnight later Philip Forsyth should accompany the Mil bankes on a tour through France, Italy and Switzerland, with a long vacation in Venice, and that «3nrtng fchfir wanderings they should settle the month in which Philip should make Dolly hie wife. ' Man proposes.' 