Protection and Federation. On Friday evening Mr. Alexander Brown, M.L. A., delivered an address on protection and federation in the Mechanics' Institute, East Maitland. About seven o'clock a severe storm came up, accompanied by heavy rain, and this had the effect of limiting the audience to small proportions when proceed'ngs began, but the attendance continued increasing till at length the hall was comfortably filled. Messrs. Jas. Pritchard, P. Bourke, and J. G. White occupied seats on the platform, whilst the chair was filled by Mr. A. F. Bichardson, Mayor of East Maitland. The CHAIRMAN said they could, he thought, fairly congratulate themselves upon the moderate attendance in face of the unpropitious weather. He considered it was almost unnecessary for him to apologise for presiding at that meeting, for they may remember that at Mr. Carruthers' gathering on Saturday evening he had also presided, explained the position he occupied, and justified his action in taking the chair. As Mayor of the Borough, he took it to be his duty to hold aloof from all political movements, for his was a civic and not political position ¡ but, as a citizen and an elector, he had a perfect right in presiding (applause) at any meeting which had for its object the advance of the public welfare. (Applause.) Another reason for lending his presence to the proceedings of Saturday night was that Mr. Carruthers, Minister of Education, was a stranger in their town, and a colleague of their member, the Hon. J. N. Brunker. (Applause). That night he had also laid aside his Mayoral robe, but he waB there as a citizen, as an elector, and a protectionist. (Continued applause.) His views on the great questions of freetrade and protection may be faulty, for he was but a novice in their study, as he had not kad as much time to become acquainted with their workings as his old friend Mr. Brown, but he had formed opinions on the mattter which be was not afraid to give expression to. (Applause.) He took protection to simply say we should protect commodities we are able to produce ourselves and allow commodities we cannot produce to come in as free as air. (Hear, hear.) However he was not there to make a speech,'but it afforded him great pleasure in introducing Mr. Brown, who, as a young native, by courage, unremitting study, and upright conduct throughout life, had raised himself to the proud position of being the senior representative of the second city of New South Wales, the premier colony of the group. (Applause.) Mr. Brown was to have been accompanied by his colleague, Mr. James Fletcher, but in consequence of illness in that gentleman's family he was unable to come. Mr. BROWN, who was reeeived with loud ap- plause, said Mr. Bichardson was a decided ac- quisition to the ranks of the protectionists, and, reminding that gentleman of their early asso- ciations as schoolfellows and office mates, he com- plimented him upon attaining his present honorable position. However he hoped Mr. Eichardson's onward career would not stop at being Mayor of East Maitland, and he fondly trusted to yet meet him.in Parliament as a member of the Legislature. (Applause.) At the outset of his address he re- gretted that it was necessary for bim to apologise for the absence of his old friend and colleague, Mr. Fletcher, who bad to return at the last moment to Sydney owing to ill-health in his family, and although be was almost persuaded to come he had to obey the call of duty, but he charged him to ex- press his regret, and to say that if they so desired he would be glad to occupy that platform on some future occasion. (Applause.) He would have been very glad to have been assisted by such an earnest, forcible, vigorous, and clear speaker as Mr. Fletcher, who, sprung from the ranks as he was, approached his audience better than the majority of orators. He now desired to say some- thing about their member, the Hon. J. N. Brunker, although he did not do so with a wish to personally refer to him in any way-(hear, hear)-for a close friendship had existed between them extending over many years. (Applause). He would not give way to any man in the regard and respesfc he felt for Mr. Brunker. (Applause). Thus, as a matter of courtesy to their representative and his friend, he had thought it incumbent upon him to write to Mr. Brunker, informing him that he had been invited to address his constituents, and in reply received a most kind and generous note with his hearty con- currence, and tho contents of which practically said "Fire away, Brown" (Applause). Mr. Brunker was a most estimable gentleman, and there was no more worthy member of Parliament. (Hear, hear). He would now turn his attention to the address which had been delivered in that hall on the previous Saturday evening. It was delivered inohaste language, the sentences were well-rounded, some of the periods were very fine, and Alto- gether it did credit to the young gentleman who was responsible for it, but as he listened to it it struck bim, and he still looked upon it, rather as an academical address delivered by some clever undergraduate to his follows in an University than an exposition of political opinion. It appealed more to their vanity than to their com- mon sense, and they knew that a man's vanity was a very .vulnerable point. (Applause.) Tell an audience of working men that they are the bone and sinew of the country and it tickles them, and carries them with the speaker. (Laughter.) Mr. Carruthers' speech was eloquent, but it did not convey an accurate idea of what the principles of freetrade were. And whilst he listened it also struck him that Mr. Cairuthers was inconsistent, in view of the fact that he belonged to ona of the most protected prof essions in the community-with all respect to Mr. Richardson-that of lawyers. (Laughter.) If they doubted his statement ah they need do to prove its truth was to fill a form up in reference to the Land Act, say, and this gentleman or one of his class will speedily try and prevent, them, and take refuge in the sanctuary of the Su- preme Court in making the attempt. - (Applause.) Another noticeable phase of the address was the unvavying Te Deum sang by Mr. Carruthers about himself-that it would be well for them to omulate and imitate Carruthers* example through life. Do not be deluded by the platitudes and possibi'ities held out by Mr. Carruthers. (Applause.) The position in life attained by that gentleman does not come to one in 50,000, and, when in the vain attempt to reach that glittering pro- mise, which would be unfulfilled, they would probably waste useful time or lives, cast aside other suitable occupations, to find-what ? That Mr. Carruthers' promised position was merely a will-o'-wisp. (Applause). That position was given to few men to attain, and he would rather advise the young men and boys to strive rather for what they could reach, than for what they could never hope to obtain. They must be the hewers of wood »nd the drawers of water, for they could not be what Mr. Carruthers was, despite what he said, for they lacked the opportunity-they had not the ability to accomplish the tas'i. (Applause.) Any- how it was a wild idea in a freetrade country. (Applause.) Another peculiarity of the address was how eornestly Mr. Carruthers appealed to pro- tectionists to speak the truth. He made a shrine of himself, as i(¡ were, saying "kneel with me, and . pay your respecta to truth." Was it not strange then, to say the least of it, that almost in the same breath this admirer of truth in giving them figures should suppress a portion of the quotation which told against himself ? Is that one of the glorious examples they should follow in their struggle to attain the pinnacle occupied -by Mr, Carruthers ? (Cheeks and laughter). Protection iata are being continually derided for decrying the colony and misrepresentation, but was it just that they should be abused for saying what they thought was true-because they did not look through the smoked glasses of freetraders as they did at political life and conduct-was that why they should be derided. (Applause.) No, unhesi- tatingly no. (Hear, hear.) The example of every- day life teaches that with the exception of the public service the avenues of employment in this colony are closed up. He knew, and doubtless they did too, numbers of liberally educated young men and youthB walkiag about either as candidates for the public service ov passing their time in useless and unprofitable idleness, through no fault or desire of their own, but simply for the lack of a field for their labour. (Applause.) An estimable young man had passed from their midst a few days ago, yet a dozen young fellows sighed for his late position, and had come to him to get that position in the Customs Department. He defied contradiction, and he did so boldly and sorrowfully that there was any assurance that after serving an apprenticeship as an architect, an engineer, a black- smith, or a mechanic, or artizan of any kind, that they could find employment in the colony. (Ap- plause.) He gave a forcible illustration of his statement in the case of a young man who had served his articles as an architect, had high recom- mendations, was highly connected, and had plenty of influence behind him, yet was unable to obtain work, besought him for a position on a station, and finally entered the Government seivice, whilst his former master continued taking premiums from parents, and was continually adding to the crop of the unemployed. The Go- vernment service was the last resort, and was indeed practically the only avenue of labeur, and j would remain so whilst they retained a freetrade Parliament. (Applause). Mr. Carruthers had made a comparison of the condition o; labour with New South Wales and protected countries, and amongst others he mentioned Austria, France» Belgium, indeed everywhere but America. He main ta'ned that that was a false deduction, that tbey had no right to look at the matter from that standpoint. The countries Mr. Carruthers had mentioned never had the standing the working population of this colony had, they never had the advantages, the freedom they had in New South Wales, they were only emerging as it were from serfdom into enlightenment, and it was not fair to compare their condition with the people of Aus- tralia. (Cheers). Let them, if at all, compare their condition wit'i the condition of those who had enjoyed freedom and liberty, which the Anglo- sajón would always have. (Cheers.) They should think and consider how long they were going to maintain their present standard under f :eet:ade principles. (Applanse). He claimed that the American artizan wa3 better fed, better clothed, and better treated than any other worker in the world. (Applause). For confirmation of this they could tarn up a back number of the Nine- teenth Century, and in it they wonld find that that distinguished man o? letters, Matthew Arnold, state -, that for men whose income is under ¿£¿00 a yea.' America is the best country in the world. (Ap- plause.) Another gentleman, who was one of the mott distinguished men in the American Scnr.te, delivered himself thus :-" During a quarter of a century of passicuate nationality, of free labour, of protected indujtrie3, the g.-owth of the Bepublic has been without praccdent or parallel in ancient or modern times. Its population bas increased at the rate of a million a year, and a thousand miltons per annum have been added to its accu- mulated wealth. It has paid five-sixths of the enormous losses of the Civil War ; it has borne the burden of a gigantic debt; it has spent with a lavish hand, and tas yet saved half as much as all the rest of the world. With Bixty thousand mil l"on3 of capital and a developed capacity for creat- ing a product worth over .',en millions a year, its political mission ii, as far ai possible, to monopolise its home market in the materials it possesses or can manufacture, to CIOSB the seas, to enter all ports, and explore new countries, and to coarpete with the most civilised nations ia all the markets of the earth. Celebratiig here to-day the one hundred and fifty sixth anniversary of Washington's birth., and «call- ing the influence of his victories in war, his counsels in convention, his acts as President of the Eepublie, and his matchless character, the visible results of the policy inaugurated by the first exercise of his exec ative approval are t'ie most marvellous. The purely agricultural States which formed his con- federacy have become the foremost region of the world in the variety, the usefulness, and the volume of its manufactures, and the fertility of its in\ entive genius. Paying its labour fifty pe." cent, more than the rest of the world, it produces the food, the clothing, and the household effects, which the labourer uses, cheaper than the older nations, and the surplus of wages flowing into the savings' banks are finally Invested in hernes, and in tho multitude of homesteads is the greatest safety of socieiy and the State." In refeuing to the number of millionaires in England and America, Mr. Carruthers had to'd them that those in the States had gained their wealth by proceeds wrung from t'ae people, and he had mentioned Jay Gould, Vaidecbilt, Spreckels, Mackay, and someone whom he (the speaker) had never heavd of, but who Mr» Carruthers had designated Silver King. (A laugh.) Now what truth was there in the state- ment? What would they say to the assertion that the largest shareholder in the Mount Morgan mine had wrung his wealth from the pockets of the people ? These were were the simple facts : Mr. Mackay had started life as a saloon keepoj, had dabbled in mines, and had been fortunate enough to strike the rich Comstock silver mine. Mr. Gou'd he had met, and he was engaged in a finance office, had launched out into railway, making, and had been favoured. And he could tell them that the system of railway construction was different in America than here, aid perhaps better. A man who was willing to put his capital into the business there was granted alternate sections of 320 acres along the route, and the State was not called upon to pay one shill'ng towards the cost. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Vanderbilt he had seen, and he had gained hiB wealth by purchasing land, and was also a mer- chant. Altogether Mr. Carruthers' assertion was a ridiculous one, and one which should be thrown ' back into his teeth. (Applause.) The speaker re- ferred to trusts and their working, which Instead of being the cause of sorrow and trouble were just the reverse. At the present time the salt trust was going ahead in England. He reminded them 1 that at a congress of 1300 or 1400 representatives I of labour which was recently held in Paris a repre- ' sentative from New York explained to the Parisians J that a trust was just a number of inte- i rests in one industry, combined under one i bead, the outcome of which was an advantage , to labour by increasing wages and by decreasing the price of the commodity to the purchaser. (Ap- plause). Many of the things told them by Mr. Carruthers had no foundation when examined in the light of reason and common sense, and were s*mply ghosts. (Hear, hear). The speech re- minded him of an old story of a man who had a heavy legal case on his hands. He consulted a famous lawyer, who was, however, too busy to undertake its conduct, but consented to write out a speech for his client to make to the jury, and wh'ch struck the man as an admirable one when it was read to him, but when he came to learn and digest it he discovered it contained a deal of nonsense. He expressed this opinion to the legal lummary, who, however, said to him " Did you not think It was giand when you first heard it ? Well, it has been written to be delivered to a jury once, and they will think likewise." (Laughter and ap- plause), lhat was much the condition of Mr. Canuthers' speech. (Laughter). Squatters like the eotton planters of South America were the opponent? of protection, for the latter did not care about manufactures, but about sending their produce away, and bringing in at a cheap rate the few necessaries which their slaves required. There was a good deal of the squatter's element about that, for they simply wanted the few things they required in their occupation free of duty. (Hear, hear.) At Mr. Carruthers' meet- ing Mr. Clift had referred to the question of shearers' wages, but somehow he did not state the wholefacts-and of course this was a mere oversight, or done through ignorance, for M-. Clift would not for a moment intentionally mislead anyone. (Cheers.) He had told them that shearers in Victoria were paid from 9a to 13s per 109, whilst in New South Wales they got 20s. Mr. Clift Bhould have sa-'d that squatters in Victoria feed their shearers whilst in this colony they do not. [Mr. CLIFT : That is not a fact. We have fed our shearers for the past 25 years.] Well he was glad to hear it, but tho Hon. William Halliday,-a very large squatter-was his authority, and gave him the information in response to his enquiries. It was far from his intention to make any attack on Mr. Clilt. The statement surprised him, but he did not make the assertion as his own. If Mr. Halli- day was wrong he could not help it. (Applause.) He believed the two classes-freetraders and pro- tectionists-had for their object and desires the welfare of the count.'y, and tbat both spoke in a certain degree what they believed to be the truth. (Applause.) They were not all lite some noted orators who marked their documents w'th an R and an 0 for refer and omit, as|e'ther suited their purpose-he did not believe they were all political harlequins. (Cheers). New South Wale3 had the coal and Broken Hill to baek her up, and he quoted Sir Graham Berry as say:ng he would be willing to give all the gold which could be ever raised in Victoria for t'je coal deposits of this colony. Mr# Carruthers had told them how the differential rate3 would be wiped out, but if so he expected fiat the colony's exports would fall away, fo . coal and other products of the inte-ior would flow into their natural channel. In rep^ to Mn Carruthers' comparison as to the imports and exports of New South Wales and Victoria, he said they imported more goods in Victoria than they do in this colony, and the Amercan im- ports were now larger than ever, yet her pros- perity wai inciearng. Did they require an ex- planation ? Well it was merely because the condi- tion oí the people enabled them to pay for the goods and sfll save more money nevertheless (Applause.) C'oitinu'ng on the point of compa -'sons, the speaker said one small American city had an export trade of ¿620,000,000. In 1SÍ4 that eily had a populat'oa of 350, whilst in 1880 it wai 400.000. That city was San F.anoisco. Let them look at t'ae r-pidity with whic^ America amassed wea'tb, and soberly 'a-sk could not Austial'a imitate Its example. In 1880 the Un'ted States of Ameiica b d a popula.ioi of 13,000,000, but fifty y.-ars later it had a popula tioi of 60,000,000. In 1830 the exports weie .£12,000,000, but had reached ¿£145,000,000 in 1880. The imports bid iicreaied from ¿315,C0O,C3O to ¿2148,000,000-(App'auie)-and these were made up piincipally of goods which the Americans cou'.d not produce (Applause.) What was the UBe of talking about the unexampled prosperity of th's count y in face of the je faîï3. Certainly Austra.:a ana | the colony had p*ospered, but he c'aiaied I it should have been ten times greater, and it world be under a system of protection. (Cheers.) Their advantages which extended ficm oae point to the other had been made bad use of. Should they continue in the same old, worn, mistaken, and time-honored groove, would they provide employment for the people, and a chance for the employment of capita', and would theya'low their citizens to walk about idle and their money to lie dormart ? That wa3 what pro tect'onists asked. Let tbem for their own-sake, for the sake of posterity, make more use of their great advantages, which were not excelled by any country under the sur. (Applause.) Protectionists were the working classes of the community-look at his platform and remember what Mr. Carruthers' was-the heart of the manses, az it were, was in the protectionists. (Applause.) Their's was not the task of dealing in platitudes and idle and fruit- less comparisons, but their great business was to find out how and where they could get enough bread and cheese. (Applarae.) The more clooely protection was examined, the clearer, the brighter, the more feasible it seemed. (Applause.) Since the days of responsible government they had had freetrade, or that policy which was dished up as freetrade, but which was not, and which they were not game to make free trade. New South Wales reminded him of a consumptive man, hope in it was stronger than reason. Such an invalid always believed he would recover, even when everyone else be^eved he was fad'ng away fast, and it was thus with the colony They were told that ehe would get better, but if they took the examples of the otber portions of the world they would find that New South Wales must gradually go back. England was a protection'st country till within the last century, and many of her manufactories and industries were established aid nurtured under protection. (Hear, hear) Sir Eobert Peel was one of the most ardent protection- ists that ever lived. (Applaise.) He proposed an income tax to raise a sum of two millions, but got five millions instead, but in three years the famine ' came, the potatoes were diseased, etc, and when i thousands were struggling with misery and starva- < tion something bad to be done, and so Sir Eobert Peel turned a political somersau't and brought in 1 the repeal of the Corn Laws. Finding the Income ' Tax paying so well and answering all requirements, ] he also gradually swept aU duties away. If ever 1 England be embroiled in a war it would be found i that she had not the means of feeding her popu- 1 lation, and it was evident that there could be very ' little independence where such was the case. ' (Applause.) This absence of internal production * would yet be found a severe trial for England, and > it was no wonder that she boasted of a powerful < navy in the circumstances, but still starvation in E any garrison would make it surrender. (Hear, hear.) It was n»fc thus with Australia, for here, i they had all the elements and necessities to form a great nation and to maintain themselves. It was the same with America. When America sought political freedom, her statesmen proceeded to frame a resolution to encourage manufacture, and the first resolution passed by Congress was based on the principles of protection. Upon that resolution tho American tariff was framed. (Applause,) They could not boast of frpedom or independence whilst they were dependent on others for their requirements. (Hear, hear.) Ey protection was not meant the imposition of a totally prohibitive tariff. The programme of the protectionists said this : there would bo a heavy duty on what could be manufactured in the colony ¡ there would be a dif- ferent and lighter duty on what they could partly manufacture; and upon articles which they could not manufacture there would be only a revenue tariff. (Applause.) The absolute certainty of employment for the population, was the one satisfactory basis of government, and they were entitled to ask for that. Such was not possible under their present freetrade policy, but he thought it was under protection. (Applause.) In examining as to its advantages they should ask themselves whether they intended having a home or foreign policy ? Home manufactories or foreign manufactories ? Protection means incieased labour, an impetus to commerce, it develops trade, and gives an activity to enteprise. A demand for labour and the employment of labour must cause an increase in wealth. Nations were greatly like mankind in life : if it utilised the resources at ita disposal the results must be better than if its career wai passed in unprofitable idleness. To show that the condition of labour in America was not as free, trade/shad described it, he read a quotation from a speech delivered by an American speaker, which sta' »d that the wages there were 50 per cent, better than in any other part of stbe world. (Applause.) In giving a comparison of wages paid in the ooal industry, Mr. Carruthers had suppresccd a portion which told against him. He hod told them that in New South Wales miners were paid £84, 18s per annum, in the United States ¿352 17s. Well, Mr. Carruthers had omitted to mention Great Britain paid M2 18s, although in the work he ujed it was second on the list ; but then it told against him, for it could be seen that there was an advantage of some ¿BIO to the American over the British miner. (Appiauce). It was not fair to suppress a portion of a fact, and it was quite unnecessary in the battle they were fighting. (Ap- plause.) The question after all was not a very serious one. Neatly all freetraders were theorists, but in answer to the argument as to which was the better policy, he would say that if there was free trade al' over the world possibly they could all be freetraders. (Applause.) The question was what wai best to them as New South Welshmen; and, ia the face of all facts and examples, they must come to the conclusion that a protective tariff waB best for the colony. (Hear, hear.) Did they believe all the wisdom of the world was centered in Sir Henry Parkes ? Did they think all the prominent men of other colonies and countries were fools ? For in- stance, they had the completest system of manhood suffrage in America, where Parliament had only a duration of two years. Would they have pro- tection there if it was such a bad thing when they could {ja to the ballot box and wipe it ont? The people allowed it to exist though for they are satisfied it gives them more emp'oy ment and more remunerative wages. Protectionist colonies surround them on all cides as examples of the benefits of such a policy, and invite New South Wales to form a vast and united band, but because the colony has had freet -adeand England freetrade we stick to our old ideas. Freetrade was good enough for England, but they wanted protection for New South Wales. (Applause.) The progress of Victoria was unexampled. Mr. Carruthers in speaking about sbipp'ng hod told them that Victoria was credited with her shipping ..wice. Did they not think that New South Wales hed abo got double e-edit by vessels calling from New- castle to Sydney, aid he knew such to be the case. (Cheers.) Coalmine« were protectionists because they are a wage-earning class, and becaure they look forward to what will provide employment for themselves and their families. He pointed out how t' e îeveai e of Victoria had increased by one mil'ion in twelve months, and how it was steadily adtanc'ng tb's year, too. But he ridiculed any comparison with Victoria, which was not ho1" the age, was only one-fouith the size, had not the reiourcei, but was fifty years aherd .of us. He was not decrying New South Wales, but he was willing to take the responsi- bility of doing so, if he could arouse it into aot'on instead of lying asleep whilst other countries we-e qu'dr/'y paising them in the march of pro- gress. (Applause.) No place on God's earth could beieflt more than New South "Víales by the intro- duction of p-otection, for it had immense natural rnouvces. They should rely on themselves, and not upon the Government, to whom they now went for every little thing they wanted. He had been charged with disloyalty, but he hurled that back from whence it sprang, for if to revere the Crown and Government was disloyalty he was guilty of it. He reverenced and loved the mcmoriesof the famous men who had lived and died in England, and whose ashes rested in Westminster Abbey, but because he suggested a few ideas as to how to make the colony more prosperous, he was disloyal, for- sooth. He looked to the people first, and regarded Imperial federation as all nonsense. (Cheers.) Under it our fate might be that of the Spanish* colonies when England and Spain were at war in the time of Queen Elizabeth, and when Drake, Rale'gh, and others pillaged and robbed them, and mu'-aerea meir ínnaDiianis. aistory mignc re- peat itself if there were any Imperial quarrels. They wore as ready and prepared for independence as others had been. He was not a Moses and a Joshua of a nationality, but he was pos tive the time will come when Australia would be a republic (cheers), and because he said that he was disloyal. Was the great Earl of Chatham disloyal when he besought the House of Commons to stay its hand in crime? Was the great Liberator, Daniel O'connell disloyal, when he tabled a motion in Parliament asking for vote by ballot? Was Gladstone dialoyal when he said he believed in a fair and just measure of self- government for Ireland ? Was the colony dialoyal when the intro- duction of convict labour was stopped, or when it said it wanted a constitution of its own ? Was it disloyal to consider they should have a united and Federated Australia ? Was it disloyal to consider they should make a name and nationality for them- selves? (Cheers.) He briefly referred to the manner in which the great Father Matthew had been libelled, and then drifted into the question of federation which he believed to be synonymous with protection, and he rapidly sketched its outline in similar terms to what he had used in West Mait- land. He aaked them to be true sons of true fathers, whom he deBiredto see calmly and securely isolated from the sorrows, the wars, and the griefs of the old world, until they formed in the southern seas an United States of Australia. (Cheers.) To a request of Mr. S. CLIFT that he be allowed to make an explanation, Mr. Brown gaye his cons sent readily, and the former gentleman stepped on the platform amid applause and interruption. He had been charged with making an omission to show the margin of from 9s to 13a paid in "Victoria to shearers and the 20s paid in Now South Wales, but it was not BO. The Hon. William Halliday was the man who had prosecuted the shearers, some of whom were in gaol yet. The information he gave came from the union Shearers' Record, and it had been given at a meeting of shearers and others in- terested in Melbourne. They were willing to take 143, -and a Mr. Spence who was banqueted there, said 16B was a fair payment, but oven if they were given what they asked in Victoria he could assure them that taking the price of rations into consideration they gave shearers about 3s more in New South Wales than in Victoria. (Applause.) i He produced a clipping from the S. M. Herald, dated early in August, containing proof of what he said. It would not make more than about £40 a year .difference to his squatting interest even if they had protection, and he therefore was not so greatly interested in opposing it as Mr. Brown desired them to believe. Mr. Br.owN again denied any intention of offend- ing Mr. Clift, or of saying anything of a personal nature about him. He had given the name of his informant, and if Mr. Halliday was wrong he could not help it. (Cheers.) Mr. JOHN EWING moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Brown for his eloquent address, and in doing so expressed his disgust with the Mercury, because in a leading article it had pointed out the desirable- ness of buying in the cheapest market and selling in the dearest. Mr. P. BOURKE seconded, and the motion was carried with acclamat:on. Mr.' BROWN responded, and proposed a vote of i -thanks to the chairman, whom he eulogised for his .'general attainments and character. In responding, Mr. BICHARDSON said be did not \- court the smiles or fear the frown of any man, but always strove to do his duty to the best of his ability, although he did not always succeed. He -^believedprotection would condrce to the general \- welfare, and he was very glad to preside at Mr. Brown's meeting. Proceedings ended with three hearty cbeers for the Queen. 