THE LITTLE WOMAN IN BLACK. Edited by M. E. Braddon. Little by little — by infinitesimal stages of days and hours — Sarah learnt, first to honor, and then to love her noble wooer. He was a man worthy to be loved— generous, chivalrous as: that lover in the old ballads which Sarah knew by heart — nobler blian the ideal of her girlish clreams. She surrendered her heart to him almost unwillingly, deeming, herself unworthy to be lOVeCl Dy niin, UUWOl'CUy even tu 1UVC mm j uuu one could not withhold her love. He commanded her affection, as lie had first commanded her respect . \ ; She loved . him', and in a few weeks she was to be married to him. The most fashionable mantua-maker at the West End was busy with her gowns and falballa's: the Bellenderi diamonds were being remounted for lier: a chariot of the newest shape and, style was being built for her : and ladies of the highest"?;, stood up in their carriages to stare at her as she drove through the Park with her father. With all this she was not happy, and she had more than one reason for her unhappiness. First, there was. the thought of Ned. Langley's treachery, and the love? she had wasted upon him. This rankled like a green Wound. " Then there was" the stinging memory of cer tain girlish half- mad letters she had written to; him, when she had believed him noble as a Greek god. Thirdly, there was the haunting' presence of a little woman in black, who dogged her in the street by day, now — following her, now lurking at corners to watch her, and who sat On the same bench, in the same spot — third from the end neaf' the door on the prompt side, in the second row "of the pit— every night. At first, Sarah had been interested, amused, flattered by the lady's constant attendance. She had pointed her out to Ned Langley, solitary, silent, intent upon the play ; evidently a friendless creature, alone in the desert of the town, with no amusement but the play house. " She looks a poor, little, sh abb)' -genteel creature, but a lady all the same," Sarah had said to Langley, " and how she watches you and me, and hangs upon every word we utter. I am quite taken with the poor, harmless soul. I wish you would find out who she is?" . / ' , ' " Impossible, child ! a stranger from the country; most , likely. A waif thrown up by the ocean of cliange—a widow who has lost her fortune and her. husband, and has come to London to seek new ones. " On another occasion, wlien Sarah talked of the little woman in black, Ned had a vexed air. "I believe she-is a political spy," he said, "the government is still suspicious of dealings with the Pretender, and lias all sorts of agents. " And now, when she and Ned Langley were strangers for evermore, Sarah found herself watched more closely than ever by the' little woman in shabby black — -a pale, sliarp-featured little woman, who might, perchance, have been pretty in girlhood, but who hatl lost all her beauty at five-and-thirty, which was about the age Sarah gave her. She had a restless, lynx-eyed look, as of one who had worn herself out with watching other people. One night that the Major had stayed late at a coil-? vivial party, Sarah, walking home with her maid, was overtaken by a pair of lightly-tripping feet in Lincoln's Inn Fields, and startled by the tap of a little hand on her shoulder. She turned and fronted the little woman in black, whose pale, pinched face seemed ghostly in the dim light of the oil-lamp overhead. They had just turned the corner of His Grace of Newcastle's big stone mansion. "What do you want, woman ?" asked Sarah, haughtily. "Five minutes' conversation with you, madam; and it is for your welfare that you should grant me the interview." " You can fall'a little in the reaiy Margaret," said Sarah to -the. old servant. " This lady wishes to talk with me in private. " The- Irishwoman looked doubtful, aiid fell back only a few paces. The woman in black seemed too small a; person to be dangerous. Her head hardly reached the queenly Sarah's shoulder. "You are going to make a great match, madam," said the stranger ; " all the town is full of your good fortune." " I hope you have not stopped me so solemly iu order to tell me that ! " retorted the actress. " I have noted you in the pit many an evening,1 madam, and as you seem an admirer of the drania I should be sorry to deem you crazy." " No, madam, I am not crazy, though I have had more than enotigh to - make me so. A father's anger, aye, and the loss of every friend I had in youth, a fortune forfeited, and, for a crowning mercy, an Un faithful husband — yes, unfaithful — though it was for him I sacrificed father and fortune, friends and position. I was the only daughter of a "bishop, ; madam, and kept the best company, before I was married." " Those facts are interesting, madam, to yourself or your personal friends, bub hardly so to me. I wish you good-night," said Sarah hastily, assured that, the lady was a lunatic. But- the little woman pressed upon her steps. " I shall find means to awaken .your interest pre sently, madam," she said. " You are about to -be married to the best match in London, as I was saying, and your fortune is to be envied by all your sex. I have heard wagers in the pit as to whether the marriage would or would not come off." " The people who made such wagers were mon strously insolent. " " No doubt, madam ; but insolence is the order of the day. Now, I myself would not mind wagering that your engagement with Lord Bellenden would be off to-morrow if he. knew as much as I do, and if he were favored with- the perusal of certain letters which you wrote— and by the dozen—to handsome Ned Langley, your stage-lover, madam , and your very earnest lover off the stage." " My letters ! " cried Sarah, aghast. "What do you know of my letters ? " She -was utterly unskilled iiv deceit, unpractised in denial, and admitted her folly as freely as a child would have clone. . " What do I know of them? They are . my daily reading ; they are my morning service. I know them by heart, madam. Yes, and I know of your meetings, too ; your stolen kisses in the old house by the river— among the rats: and the spiders, and the ghosts madam— yes, the ghosts. You were scared by a ghost once, I think, when you and Ned were standing side by side in the twilight." "Yes, cried Sarah, " there was a figure flitted by- noiseless— shadowy. It turned my blood to ice— a figure in black. It was you. J " - .She stood gazing at the little woman iii the moon light — so pale, so attenuated. - Yes, that was the form which had flitted past oil the shadowy landing by the open door of the room in which she and Ned were standing, hand clasped in hand, pouring out their tale of love. , ' : ' She had taken tlie little: black figure for a visitant from the other world ; and now she knew that it was even worse than a' gliost— a woman, mad, or it might be, onlyjealoiis—ai woman with a bitter, unscrupulous tongue bent on doing her mischief. . This creature would betray her to her . lord, whom she reverenced, whom she loved. It was of Bellenden she thought as she faced her foe in the corner of the square by the turnstile, the moon shining down upon them, the shadows of the houses making great blots of darkness here and there. She had done this foolish thing, she, Sarah Pawlett whom Lord Bellenden deemed the purest of women. She had compromised herself deeply for that false lover of hers, consenting to stolen meetings in an old empty, house by the' river, between the Temple and Blacltfriars, a house that had been in Chancery for fifty years, and which was supposed to be haunted. Ned Langley had procured a key somehow ; and here they, had met with impunity between the morning re hearsal and the evening performance. When Sally was late in returning to the family dinner, or the family tea, she had but to say that the rehearsal had , been longer than usual. There. had not been many such meetings, a dozen at most, and the rendezvous had been of a. perfectly inno cent character ; but there fact of such secret stolen interviews would have been quite enough to compro mise or to condemn Sarah in the opinion of such a man as Lord Bellenden. Her letters were full of allusion's to. these meetings; she had dwelt with all a girl's romantic fondness upon the delight of being alone with her idol ; of touching his soft silken locks, of looking up into his eyes. The letter's were written with all the self-abandonment..qf . a young .heart, written to one who' was to be the' writer's husband, Avho was her all in all, the beginning; and end of her universe ; written to one whom she would no more have suspected of falsehood or mean ness, than she would have doubted the purity of the blue ether far away above the common earth, in a region where defilement cometh not. She had not asked "for the return- of her letters, for, until that never-to-be-forgotten night when she had told Ned Langley that the time had '.come for their marriage, she had lived in the assurance that she was to be his wife. He had not definitely spoken of their union, but it had seemed to her a thing of course from the hour in which they confessed their love. What else had they to live for, either of them, but to love and wed ? they who seemed, made to be mated ; like two flowers on one stem, turning to each other naturally as the wind of fate blew them. After that, bitter moment in- which her lover had revealed his worthlessness, Sarah had been too proud in her deep anger to approach him, or communicate with. him in any form, even for the sake of regaining her letters. She had hardly thought of those letters, indeed ; thinking of the whole love story as a chapter in her life that- was closed for ever ; a vault sealed and secret, in which lay the dead : corpse of her first pas sionate love. . ' . And now she was. learning that there might be a second love, sweeter even than the first ; graver, deeper, truer; less . romantic, but more ennobling ; she was learning this, and forgetting everything else when' this new trouble came upon lier. Those letters, those foolish, wildly sentimental letters; were in the keeping of this strange woman. "How came you by my letters, madam ?" she asked indignantly. " Are you a thief ?" "No, madam. I am a much-injured woman; and you ought to take it kindly that. I have borne my wrongs so patiently, and not disgraced you- in your theatre, where you are like a queen. But stage queens have had mud thrown in their faces before to-day." " You disgrace me ! you ?" " Yes, I,' madam ; Ned Laugley's wife." - "'Ned— Langley's — wife!" She repeated the words slowly, almost in a whisper. ' VOh ! he did not' tell you that he was a married man, did he? He never does; You are not the first he has deluded. He does worse than that, for lie tells villainous lies about me ; he tells his fellow-actors that the poor little crack-brained womau at his lodgings is not his wife, but his mistress— a young lady of quality whom he ran away with, and who has been a burden to him ever since. That's what he tells his friends, madam ; because that story leaves him at liberty to make love to thedasr fashionable actress, and to pro mise her marriage. And I am fool enough to stay with him and slave for him, knowing all this ; to Warm his slippers of a night before he comes home, and mix his grog for him, and bear with him when he staggers home drunk from his Hell Fire Club, and hear-liis boasts of women of ton who are over head and ears in qove with him. It was one night when he was in ' liquor that I found the first of your letters in his pocket ; and after that I watched him, and picked them up everywhere. You've no notion how careless he is of such letters ; and, madam, the women all write alike, and lovers get tired of so much honey. I've . h'earcl "him say, ' More of their precious scribble.' We wives have the best of it, perhaps, 'with such fellows ; for, at least, we -are behind the .scenes, and we see them with their masks off." "And yon-have my letters — all of thein ?" " Three-and- twenty, madam. I doubt that's all, for I ransack every corner in quest of isuch things. I know my gentleman's ways !" "Will you give them me back, to- night?" asked Sarah, eagerly. .-"No, madam, neither to-night nor to-morrow. I Avill not give them back to Sarah Pawlett ; I will only return them to Lady. Bellenden. When you are his lordship's wife, madam, the letters shall be yours. " ' ( To be Continued ). 