iKit rnib Mnmx. ) First Preacher— 'How do you manage to »?_ j succeed among the cowboys out westV J Second Pieacher — 'There were 600 present at ray first sermon, and I said : ' Gentlemen, I'm going to tell you about a man, 5 feet high, who floored a giant 11 fret high.1 Then I spoke of Goliath and David.' S'Well?' 'When I fitiihed they cave three cheers for David.' Sammy (who is never allowed to stay out of school)— 'Howdie Hurlbut didn't C3sae to school all day.' ' Mamma — ' Why not ?' Sammy—' 'Cause his mother died. When you die, may I Btay at home all day ?' Mamma — ' YeB, darling ; you may stay out a whole week then.' tinmtny (buepiciously J — A ' On, I k&ow; ; ycu mean to die in vacation.' 9 There is a good story told of a Victorian poli tician. When Minister of Education in Vic toria he visited a certain State sshool and was told by the bead-master that the standard of the curriculum was not as high as it should be. 'Indeed,' replied the Minister; 'that must be rectified. I'il see that a carpenter ia sent round to have it raised at once,' A RecommeEdition in HimEelf. — Oxberry need to Eay of Stephen Keiible that when he passed through the meat market the botchers, -yeing, as they thought, a colossal customer, reset him witb shouts of 'What d'ye bay? What d'ye buy V When he refused to purchase anything, but went peacably on his way, one clever tradesman very gravely made thiB proposal — ' Well, sir, though yju ?- eay you don't want anything, only say you buy your meat of me and you'll make my fortune.' Dnmley (who intends to 'strike' Brown for five pounds) — ' Brown, Pin in bad shape, aud I want you to do me a favor.' Brown — 'Any- thing, Dnmley, anything, but lend you money; I'm hard up myeelf.' Datnley (who sees his CBEe is hopeleefc)— 'Brown, did Ia9k you to lend me any money '1 Did I aay a single word about money ? The favor I was about to ask is — but never mind — never mind ? ' (G-aea off with a touching air of having been mis judged.) A email b- y entered a Fourteenth-avenue -*i grocery tbe other day, and asked the pro prietor to trust him to two cents' worth of candy, ' I don't know you,' was the reply. 'But I live just two blocks down,' 'But what made you suppose I'd trust you ?' ' I BnppcBcd so because you're got two barrels of keroeine ont doors, and I could have bored! gimlet holes in both of them last night with out anybody knowing it.' Thegroaer com promised by trusting the boy to a cent's worth of candy and rolling the barrels into his shed. All the anecdotes told in America on the subject of Boston are satires upon the pra sumptuouB character of the Bbstonian, who considers Boston the centre of the universe. Here is one of the many hundreds Max O'Rell ^ beard — A BoBton man has lost bis wife. Aft soon as telephonic communication is established between that city and Paradise he rings and cries — -'Hello!' 'Hello!' from the other end. ' Is that you, Artemisia ?' '- Yes, dear.'' 'Well, my love, and how do you like it up there ?' ' Oh, it's very nice, of course ; bat it isn't Boston.' An agreeable young man waB calling with due ceremony on a nice girl the other evening, when her brother Tom, just arrived home from, college on the evening train, rushed into the room and embraced bis sister. 'Why, how plump you've grown, Edith !' he exclaimed. 'You're really quite an armful !' 'Isn't she?'' exclaimed the agreeable young man, and then- 4 he felt a chill racing down his spinal column. '* 'That is.' he stammered, 'I've no doubt o£ it — I ? ' The brother looked carving knives at him and the maiden blushed furiously.. ' I mean— er,' Baid he, ' I should judge so.' Wife (IL30 pm)— 'Whafs that honiii odor? Smells like alcohol.'' Husband— i'Y-8-8, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodge for initiations. Take some alcohol, light it* put ealt in the frame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light ; makes folks look like ghosts, you know.' ' But that odor comes from your breath.' 'Y-e-s, m' dear; in the 37th de- M gtee I personate the chief demon with flames- ^ coming from bis mouth, I take a mouthful of . alcohol and a swallow of salt and then Bet fire. to it, .But, m* dear, you mustn't tell these' things. Secret s'ciety secrets sacred, yon. know.' Uncle Rastus (who has caused the arrest of his wife for assault) — ' I want yo' ter gib it to her, jedge ; gib her de limick ob de law. Dig ain t de fust time Bhe 'saulted me.' Judge— 'I'm afraid, Aunty, 101 have to fine you 10 dollars.' Aunty— 'WeU,yo'honah,I'aintgotlO cents.' Judge (to Uncle Rmstus)— ' It'll be 10 dollarp, Uncle itaBtus.' Uncle Rastus thand ing over tile money with a bewildered look, as- * who should say, 'This may be right or this may be wrong*)-^- - All right, jedge ; dere's de money.' (To his wife as they leave court to gether)— 'Dar, ole woman, I trus' dis yer ex perience '11 l'arn yo' a lesson what yo' won't. ' fergit.' There were four or five men in a knot, and they were discussing a candidate who hadt been elected. 'I'm sorry begot then,' said' one. 'So am L' added a second. 'He's a. dangerous man ' 'He ought tobetirred and feathered instead of holding an office,' ex claimed 'a third. 'Yes, and I'd like to put- -- on the tar!' shouted a fourth. At that moment the man came round the corner, smiling with delight and both hands ready for shaking, and aB he baited he said—' WelL boys, I got there.' 'You bet you did,'' shouted the four in chorus. 'And I want you to drink with me.' 'You bet we will!: Hurrah for you!' And they drank his beec and said they had rather Been all the rest of the ticket defeated than to have him get left, Before Prince Bismarck reconstructed the- jd map of Europe and made a united Germany a. 4i dozen little principalities used to annoy travellers by stopping them at their frontiers until they had satisfied the Custom-house demands. A Yankee once had his carriage etopped at tbe frontier of a petty prince's country. The Herr Ober-Gontrolleur at the Custom houee came forward, and much to his indignation was received in a nonchalant way. The Yankee was ungentlemanly enough not to get out of the carriage or even to take off hiB hat. The Herr Ober sharply demanded, the keys of the tourist's trunks, which his sub ordinate began handling roughly. ' Here, hands off!' shouted the Yankee. 'I didn't come from the United States of America to be controlled by you. Put those trunks back. Ill not go through you at all. I'll turn bask. I'm in no hurry, and don't care for losing a. day. You're no country — you're only a spot. I'll go round you.' Aud he did. Peter De Wint, the artist, always had a. show at home before 'sending in day' to the Water- color Exhibition. He arranged his productions in his drawing room, marking; those sold witb a little white label. At these private views it was the habit of a wealthy acquaintance to lament year after year that this or that 'perfect gem' was beyond his reach, being decked with the ticket. Such a game was a dangerous one to play with Da Wint. After this little device had done duty some ^ half-dozen tames he determined to be even with its inventor. The day came round foe another private view. The friend arrived and went into raptures before a pair of labelled ? drawings. 'Now, De Wint,' he exclaimed, ' those are exactly the things I should like to poeeees. ' What a pity they are sold 1' ' My dear fellow,' said -the painter, slapping him on the shoulder, 'I knew you would like them, so I put tbe ticket on to keep them, for you I' Tableau 2 But the drawings had to be taken i 'othervtise,' De Wint would conclude, 'I would have shown him the door.' Josh Billings was one hot day out for a long walk, being followed by a very shaggy, pcor-lookusg mongrel of a dog, worth about -1 10 cents for the value of bis skin, and chanced to feme upoD a wayeids inn, at which a number of students were washing the dust from thtir throats. Whether it was this Bight which m&de; him feel dry or whether he really waB thirsty ia not recorded, but certainly he went in, and, standing apart from the noisy students, called for a drink of beer. Oaeof the students happening to notice Josh, and thinking from his homely-looking dresB that he w&b; a poor man, meant to have some fun with him ; so going up to him he said, ' That's a fine dog of yours, my man.' 'Yes, sir,' eaid Josh, ' I wouldn't take 20 dollars for that dog.' What ! not take 20 dollars for a thing like that.' ' No.' 'Well, look here, I will fiive you 20 dollars for him.' 'I won't take it.' The student thinking that the sight of the money would be more tempting to catch the old man telling a lie, counted out 30 dollar, pieces, and making a pile of tbem, said, ' There, old man, won't you part with your dog for that pile of money.' ' No,' said Josh, ' I said I wouldn't take 20 dollars for him, and I won't because he aint worth it,' then dexterously knocking off the top coin, he swept he remaining 19 dollars into his pocket 'I don't mind parting with him for that.' Tae tudentsaid that he was 'done,' and amid he derisive laughter of bis companions turned *- 1 be dog into the street: The animal did not &t; sny time belong to Josh, bat had followed Lino upon his way. ALBX-AND-HEB. There was a\:b.ap who kept a store, And though there might be grander, He sold biB goods to all who came, And his name was Alexander, He mixed his goods with cunning hand, He was a skilful brander ; And, since biB sugar was half sand, They called him Alex-Sander. He had his dear one, and she came, And lovingly he scanned her ; He aBked her would she change her name, Then a ring did Alex-hand her. ' Oh, yeB,' said she, with smiling lip, ?' If I can be commander ; ' And w- they formed a partnership, And called it Alex and her. 