Ecclesiastical Echos. Of the English Bench of Bishops twelve are pledgéd abstainers. For a vacancy in the corps of chaplains in the British army there have been filed 250 applica tions. The followers of . Father. McGlynn, in New York, are raising funds to purchase him a house. Several thousand dollars have already been sub scribed. . The Kev. Dr. Jeff eris, who has been ßolong connected with the Congregational Church, Pitt-Btreet, Sydney, has resigned the pastorate of that church. Rev. Primrose : "The tide waits for no man,my young friend." Merritt: "So they say. Still, when one lies down on the sands, it seems to wait till he's asleep." Miss Gwendolen Caldwell, the Kentucky girl who gave JE60,000 toward the Roman Catholic University at Washington, and is worth at least a million besides, is engaged to Prince Murat. The Pope has given Archbishop Corrigan, of America, two of his jubilee presents-a chalice and a ciborium-both of -which are of gold ; while the chalice is studdod with amethysts and rubies. resign during the autumn ; his ago and health rendering his remaining longer impossible. There are several persons mentioned as possible succes sors to him. But Lord Salisbury will have to find a rich man, as the present bishop will keep half the income. The see is a large one, and of. a mixed character. The Bishop of St. Albans :-^.--^ -? Samuel Jones, the *' revivalist," "was recently offered ¿81200 a year and a fine church to preach in at Minneapolis (U.S.A.). He replied: " Do you take me for a fool ? I'm getting ¿85000 a year now 1" - The Eev. Mr. Baxter, of England, the amiable) j end-of-the-world crank, has revisecLthe date for j the great smash-up. He now declares that it will positively occur on April ll, 1891, with no postponement on account of the weather. ^ * Two Scottish .worthies were lately , criticising the new minister very severely.' .Said John, the discontented, about the reverend gentleman: ""Weel; ye see, friae Monday to Saturday he's inveesible; and on Sunday he's incomprehensible.", £ Visitor: "Tour pastor seems to be a verv earnest man. His voice trembled with emotion when he read the lesson this morning." Soprano : " Oh, it wasn't that ; he had just, had a row with' the choir leader;' and he was wild right through!" . , . An old church in Cahokia,' Illinois (U.S.A.)/ which was built " in 1684 of ^ cedar logs, was torn ? down a few -weeks-ago to make way for a more' modern building. There were only two churches' in America-at St. Augustine and Santa Fe-' which were older. " ¿ The Pope is said to have secretly left the Vati ! can for twenty-four hours recently. He went fco Carpineto to see a dying brother, and travelled to and fro by night with the utmost precautions to conceal his identity. There has lately been a great increase of prose lytising energy among the Boman Catholics afc Oxford. It is reported that Lord St. Cyres, son' and heir of the present Lord Iddesleigh, and an' undergraduate of Magdalen, has been received into the Church of Borne. r.. Captain Bundy, of Chicago, a religious en-, thusiast, has built a steam gospel ship, and is making a tour of the lakes in her, stopping afc' various towns along the way to hold religious,' services. He is accompanied by his daughter, and pays his expenses largely himself. . fi I The, ceremony of blessing the new convent of St. Joseph for the Sisters of Mercy at Hamilton.' (N.S.W.), by Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst, took place last Sunday. There was a large attendance!' The collection to assist in paying tho debt o£ ¿1200 off the building amounted to ¿8180. 1" Under the presidency of tho Eov. Father Gaffey a well-attended meeting of Boman Catholics was held at the presbytery, Crookwell^ to consider the advisableness of erecting a church at Crookwell. A resolution to that effect wai carried. The sum of ¿8263 was promised in thc' room. ~Í\ , Cardinal Lavigerie has addressed a letter to M. Brincat, so well known for his labors in tho anti slavery movement, announcing that a competttiori is to be held for the composition of a cantata deal ing with the abolition of African slavery. Prizes of 1000 and 600 francs are offered ; and the works to which the first and second prizes may be' adjudged will be performed at Lucerne by one ol the Swiss choral societies. }. On Tuesday last the Bev. Dr. Ellis, precentor of St. Saviour's Cathedral, Goulburn, was pre sented with an address and purse of sovereigns, . previously to hiB departure from the diocese. The address complimented Dr. Ellis on the able and eloquent manner in which he had discharged his duties. In reply, Dr. Ellis spoke in kindly terms of his successor, Dr. Corlette, and said he had not made up his mind as to his future movements'. The Bev. Mrs. Ellen Binkle, a regularly ordained minister of the United Brethren Church, of Cleveland, Ohio, is probably the first woman ever authorised by law to perform marriage cere monies. Mrs. Binkle made application to the Probate Judge of the State for a licence to per form marriages. The judge, after consulting the Attorney-General and the members of ihr Supreme Court of tho State, issued tho liconceii due form, being unable to find any law prohibit' ing him from so doing. A. Jewish gentleman left ¿81800 to Baron Fer dinand de Bothschild, to be applied to building s; synagogue and school in Jerusalem. The Baron - renounced the bequest as insufficient for the pur pose. Mr. Justice Kay has granted an applica tion that the money should bo devoted to aid. the funds of what is known as the Baron Lionel do Rothschild's School, near the Jaffa Gate of Jeru salem, at which the service is Jewish, and which, is managed by a committee of Jewish gentlemen in Britain, of whom Lord Rothschild is one. Canon Liddon preached to a crowded congre gation in St. Paul's, London, lately, the first of a series of sermons on the Magnificat. It was not.' he said, absolutely original, being largely modelled on Hannah's song af ter the birth of Samuel. Having pointed out in detail tho similarity between the two hymns, Dr. Liddon referred to Straoss'is criticism that if the Virgin's hymn was inspired! from on high there would have been mora' originality in it, and remarked that the Holy/ Ghost w.as not bound to adopt the exact degree of originality which might approve itself to a modern literary man of a sceptical turn of mind. ? ', Somebody has remarked that a bishop is tho most enviable of all human beings, as he has everything the soul can desire in this world, and ought to be secure for the next. But, on the whole, an Austrian archbishop is probably moré to be envied than any English bishop. The Cardinal-Archbishop of Vienna has only about: ¿86000 a year, it is true ; but the Cardinal-Arch bishop of Olmut has ¿840,000 ; tho Cardinal-Arch bishop of Prague has ¿835,000; and tho Arch bishop of Erlu has ¿860,000. Luckier than all is the happy Primate of Hungary, tho Cardinal Archbishop of Grau, who has ¿880,000 a year. ^ Some details respecting the contemplated pilgrimage of English Boman Catholics to Jerusa lem are given by the London TAKLET. To pro mote and carry out the scheme a roininitfceatbas been appointed consisting of the Duke of NcofolikV Lord Clifford, Lord Herries, Mr. Arthur Moore, and Mr. W. S. Lilly. The expenses pf poor pilgrims aro to bo defrayed wholly or in paré.' The pilgrims will not set out before the spzing"; that season being most favorable in Palestme.td the health of visitors. Cardinal Manning has" expressed his warm approval of the pilgrimaged and the Popó has Bent it his apostolic blessing.' 