The Ingoldsby ,Legends. 15 TaouAs TsGOLnsDT, ESQ. THE SPECTRE OF TAPPINGTON. "IT is very odd, though; what can have become of them ?" said Charles Seaforth, as he peeped under the valance of an old-fashioned bedstead, in an old-fashioned apartment of a still more old-fashioned manor-bouse; "'tis confoundedly odd, and I can't make it out at all. Why Barney, where are they? --and w'here the d-l teo yuru"" 'No answer was retrlined to this appeal ; and ,the'lieuiteznit, who 'vas, in the main, a reason able person-at least ias reasonable a person as any young gentleman of twenty-two in "the service" can fairly be expected to be-cooled when he reflected that his servant could scarcely reply extempore to a summons which it was impossible he should hear. An application to the bhell was the con siderate result; and the footsteps of as tight a lad as ever put pipe.clay to Belt sounded along the gallery. "Come in !" said his master. An ineffec tual attempt upon the door reminded M.-r. Seaforth that he had locked himself in. "By Heaven ! this is the oddest thing of all," said he, as he turned the key and admitted Mr. ndaguire into his dormitory. "Barney, where are my pantaloons ? " "Is it the breeches ?" asked the valet, cast ing an inquiring eye round the apartment; "is it the breeches, sir?" "Yee; what have you done with them 1" "Sure then your honour had them on when you went to bed, and it's hereabout they'll be, I'll be bail; " and Barney lifted a fashionable tunic from a cane-backed arm-chair, proceed ing in his examination. But the search was vain: there was the tunic aforesaid; there was a smart-looking kerseymere waistcoat; but the most important article in a gentleman's wardrobe was still wanting. "Where can they be ?" asked the master, with a strong accent on the auxiliary verb. " Sorrow a know I knows," said the man. " It must have been the devil, than, after all, who has been here and carried them off! " cried Seaforth, staring full into Barney's face. Mr. Maguire was not devoid of the super stition of his countrymen, but he looked as if he did not subscribe to the sequitur. His master read incredulity in his counten ance. "Why, I tell you, Barney, I put them there, on that arm- chair, when I gotinto bed ; and, by Heaven ! I distinctly saw the ghost of t the old fellow they told me of, come in at midnight, put on my pantaloons, and walk I away with them." "May be so," was the cautious reply. "I thought, of course, it was a dream; but ! then--where the d-- are the breeches ?" The question was more easily asked than I answered. Barney renewed his search, while the lieutenant folded his arms, and, leaning ! against the toilet, sunk into a reverie. "After all, it must be some trick of my I laughter-loving cousins." said Seaforth. "Ah! then, the ladies !" chimed in Mr. Maguire, though the observation was not 1 addressed to him ; " and will it be Miss Caroline or Miss Fanny that's stole your honour's things?" "I hardly know what to think of it," pur sued the bereaved lieutenant, still speaking in soliloquy, with his eye resting dubiously on the chamber-door. "I locked myself in, that's certain; and-hut there must be some other entrance to the room-poohl I remember the private staircase; how could I be such a fool I" and he crossed the chamber to where a low oaken doorecse was dimly visible in a distant corner. He paused before it. Nothing now interfered to screen it from observation; but it bore tokens of having been at some earlier period concealed by tarpestry, remains of which yet clothed the walls on either side the portal. "This way they must have come," said Seaforth; "I wish with all my heart I had caught them!" " Och I the kittens I" sighed Mr. Barney Maguire. But the mystery was yet as far from being solved as before. True, there ras the "other door;" but then that, too, on examination, was even more firmly secured than the one which opened on the gallery,-two heavy bolts on the inside effectually prevented any p coup de main on the lieutenant's birouac from d that quarter. He was more puzzled than , ever; nor did the minutest inspection of the walls and floor throw any light upon the s~ubject one thing nlty was clear,-the beecher were gone ! "It is very singiular," said the lieutenant. Tappington 'generally called Tapton) Eve rard is an antiquated but commodious manor. house in the eastern division of the county of Kent. A former proprietor had been High sheriff in the days of Elizabeth, and many a dark and dismal tradition was yet extant of tlir licentiousness of his life, and the enor mitv of his offences. The Glen, which the keeper's danghter was seen to enter, but never known to quit, still frowns darkly as of yore; whi e an ineradicable bloodstain on the oaken stair yet bids defiance to the united energies of -sap and sand. But it is with one particular apartment that a deed of more esprcisl atrocity is said to be connected. A stranger guest-so runs tLe legend-arrived unexpectedly at the mansion of the " Bad Sir Giles." They mat in apparent friendship; but the i!lecotcealed scowl on their nmas'er's brow told the domestics that the visit was not a welcome one! the banquet, however, was not spared ; the wine-cup circulated freely, too freely, perrhap,-for sounds of discord at length reached the ears of even the excluded serving-men. as they were doing their best to imitate their betters in the lower hall. Alarmed, some of them ventured to approach thb parlour; one,an old and favourerd retamserof the house, went so far as to break in upon his master's privacy. Sir Giles, already high in oath, fiercely enjoined his absence, and he retired ; not, however, before he had distinetly heard from the stranger's lips a menace tht "There sas that within his pocket which could dilprive the knigiht's right to issue that or sny other cemmand within the walls of Tapton." The intrusion, though momentary, seemol to have produced a beteficial effect; the voices of the disputaits fell, and the con versation was carried on thenceforth in a more subduedl tone, till, as evening closed in, the domestics, when summoned to attend with lighlts, found notonly cordiality restored, bur, thata still deeper cerouse was meditated. Fresh et~ope, and from the choicest bins, were produced; nor was it till at a late, or rather early hour, that the revellers sought their chambers. The one alloted to the stranger occupied the first floor of the eastern angle of the buildin. and had once been the favourito apartment of Sir tsiles himself. Scandal ascribed this preference t, the facility which a priestr staircsie, communicating with the grounds, bad affrded him, in the old knight's time of following his wicked courses utn checked by pareintal pbservation ; a consider ation which ceased to be of weight vhet the death of his father left him uncontrolled master of his estate and actions. From that period SirOiles had established himself in what were called the " state apartments," and the "oaken chamber" was rarely tenanted, save on occasious of extraordinary festivity, or when the yule lhg drew an unusually large nccession of guests around the Christmas hearth. On this eventful night it was prepared for the unknown visitor, who sought his couch heated and inflamed from his miduight orgies, and in the morning was found in his bed a swollen and blackened corpse. No marks of violence appeared upon the body; but the livid hue of the lips, and certain dark coloured spots visible on the skin, aroused nuepicions which 'hose oho entertained them were too timid to express. Apoplexy, induced by the excesses of the preceding night, Sir Gila's e.,ufidential leech pronounced t, be the cause of his sudden diesolution. The body was huried in peace; and though some shook their heands as they witnessed the haste with which the funeral rites were hurried on, none ventured to murmur. Other events arose to distract the attention of the retainers; men's minds became occupied by the stirring politics of the day; while the near approach of that formidable Armada, so vainly arrogating to itself a title which the very elements joined with human valour to disprove, soon interfered to weaken, if not obliterate, all remembrance of the nameless stranger who had died within the walls of T.apton Everard. Years rcled on: the"Bad Sir Giles" had himself long since gone to his account, the last, as it was believed, of his immediate line; though a few of the older tenants were somne times heard to speak of an elder brother who had disappeared in early life, and never in herited the estate. tumours, too, of his having lefts son in foreign lands, were at one time rife; but they died away, nothing occur ing to suppoit them: the property paused unohallenged to a collateral branch of the family, and thie secret, if secret there were, wa- burie in Denton churchyard, in the lonely goave of the imysexious stravgor. uoe cir c:umstance alone occurred, after along-inter vening period, to revive the memory of these transactions.- Some workmen emsployed in grubbing an old plantation, for the purpoee of raising on its site a modern shrubbery, dug up, in the execution of their task, the mil dewed remnants ,of what seemed to have been once a garment. On more minute inspection, enough remained of silken slashes and a coarse embroidery, to identify the relics as having once formed part of a pair of trunk hose; while a few papers which fell from them, altogether illegible from damp and age, were by the unleatned iustics conveyed to the then owner of the estate. Whether the squire was more successful in deciphering them was never known; he certainly never alluded to their contents; and little would have been thought of the matter but for the inconvenient memory of one old woman, who declared she heard her grand father say, that when the "stranger guest" was poisoned, though all the rest of his clothes were there, his breeches, the supposed repsi tory of the supposed documents, could never be found. The master of Tapton Everard smiled when he heard Dame Jones's hint of deeds which might impeach the validity of his own title in favour of some unknown descend ant of some unknown heir; and the story was rarely alluded to, save by one or two miracle mongers, who had heard that others had seen the ghost of old Sir Giles. in his night.cap, issue from the postern, enter the adjoining copse, and wring his shadowy hands in agony, as he seemed to search vainly for something hidden amongst the evergreens. The stan-ger's death-room had, of course, been occasionally haunted from the time of his decease ; but the periods of visitation had latterly become very rare- even Mirs. Botherby, the house keeper, being forced to admit that, during her long sojourn at the manor, she had never " met with anything worse than herself; " though, as the old lady afterwards added upon more mature reflection, "1 must say I think I saw the devil once." Such was the legend attached to Tapton Evernrd, and such the story which the lively Caroline Ingoldsby detailed to her equally mercurial cousin Charles Seaforth, lieutenant in the Hon. East India Company's second regiment of Bombay Fencibles, as arm.in-arm they promenaded a gallery decked with some dozen grim-looking ancestral portraits, and, among others, with that of the redoubted Sir Giles himself. The gallant commander had that very morning paid his first visit to the house of his maternal uncle, after an absence of several years passed with his regiment on the arid plains of Hindostan, whence he was now returned on a three years' furlough. He had gone out a boy-he returned a man; but the impression made upon his youthful fancy by his favourite cousin remained unimpaired, and to Tapton he directed his steps, even before he sought the home of his widowed mother-comforting himself in this breach of filial decorum by the reflection that, as the manor was so little out of his way, it would be unkind to pass, as it were, the door of his relatives, without just looking in for a few hours. But he found his uncle as hospitable, and his cousin more charming than ever; and the looks of one, and the requests of the other, soon precluded the possibility of refusing to lengthen the 'few hours" into a few days, though the house was at the moment full of visitors. The Peterses were there from Ramsgate; and Mr., Mrs., and the two Miss Simpkiusons, from Bath, had come to pass a month with the family; and Tom Ingoldsby had brought down his college friend the Honourable Aogustus Sucklethumbkin, with his groom and pointers, to take a fortnight's shooting. And then there was Mrs. Ogletou, the rich young widow, with her large black eyes, who, people did say, was settiug her cap at the young squire, th ugh SMrs. Botherby did not believe it; and, above all, there was Made moiselle Pauline, her femme de chambre, who "mon Dieu'd " everything and everybody,and cried " Qucld orreur!" at Mrs. Botherby's cap. In short, to uso the last-named and much respected lady's own expression, the hosoe was "'choke-full" to the very attics -all save the "oaken chamber," which, as the lieutenant expressed a most magnanimous disregard of ghosts, was forthwith appropriated to his particular accommodation. Mr. Maguire mean while was fain to share the apartment of Oliver Dobbe, the squire's own man : a jocular pro posal of joint occupancy having been first in dignantly rejected by " Mademoiselle," though preferred with tho " laste taste in life" of Mr. Barney's most insinuating brogue. "Come, Charles, the urn is absolutely get ting cold; your breakfast will be quite spoiled ; what can have made you so idle 1 " Such was the morning salutation of Miss Ingoldsby to the militaire as he entered the breakfast-zoom half-an-hour after "he latest of the party. "A pretty gentleman, truly, to make an appointment with," chimed in Miss Fraucee. " What is to become of our ramble to the rocks before breakfast 1" "Oh I the young men never think of keep ing a promise now," said Mrs. Peters, a little ferret- faced woman with underdone eyes. "When I was a young man," said Mr. Peters, "I remember I always made a point of-" " Pray how long ago was that " asked Mr. Simpkinson from Bath. " Why, sir, when I married Mrs. Peters, I was-let me see --I was- " "Do ptay bhold your tongue, P., and eat your breakfast ! " interrupted his better half, who had a mortal horror of chronological re ferences ; "it's very rude to tease people with your family affairs." The lieutenant had by this time taken his seat in silence-a good-humoured nod, and a glance, half-smiling, half-inquisitive, being the extent of his salutation. Smitten as he was, ard in the immediaoe presence of her who had made so large a hole in his heart, his manner was evidently distrait, which the fair Caroline in her secret s. ul attributed to his being solely accupied by her agrimens: how would she have bridled had she known that they only shared his meditations with a pair of breechesa Charles drank his coffee Pnrl spiked some half-dozen eggs, darting occasiuonally a Fene rating glance at the ladies, in hope of detect ing the supposerd waggery by the evidence of some furtive smile or conscious look. But in vwin; not a dimple moved indicative to roguery, nor did thie slightest elevation of eye brow rioe confirmative of his suspicions. Hints and insiuoations passed unheeded more particular inquiries were out of the question:-the subject was unapproachable. In the meantime, "patent cords" were just the thing for a morning's ride; and, breakfast ended, away cantered the party over the downs, till, every faculty absorbed by the beauties, animate and inanimate, which sur rounded him, lieutenant Seaforth, of 'he Bombay Fencibles, bestowed no more thought upon his breeches thun if he had been born on the top of Blen Lomond. Another night had passed away; the sun rose brilliantly, forming with his level beams a splendid rainbowin the far- off west, whither the heavy chulor, which for the laet two houro had been pouring its waters on thi earth, was now flying before him. "Ah I then, and it's little good it'll be the claning of ye," apostrophised Mr. Barney Mlaguire, as he deposited, in front of his master's toilet, a pair of " bran- new" jockey boots, ona of Hoby's priment fits, which the lieutenant had purchased in his way through town. On that very morning had they come for the first time under the valet's depuMrating hand, so little soiled, indeed, from the turfy ride of the preceding day, that a less scrupu lous domestic might, perhaps, have considered the apphcation oh "Warren's Matchless," or oxalic acid, altogether superfluous. Not so Barney : with the nicest care had he removed the slightest impurity from each polished surface, and there they stood, rejoicing in heir sable radiance. hNo wondera adng shot across Mr. Morguire's breast, as he thought on the work now cutoutfor them, so differentfrom the light labours of the day before; no.wonder he murmured with a sigh, as the scarce dried window-panes disclosed a road now inch-deep in mud. "Ah! then, it's little good the claning of ye I "--fo well had he learned in the hall below that eight miles of a stiff clay soil lay batween the manor and Bolover Abbey, whose pictureaque ruins, "Like ancient Rome, majestic in decay," I the party buhad determined to explore. The I master had already commenced dressing, and Sthe man was fittiog straps upon a light pair of crane-necked spurs, when his hand was arrested by the old question--"Barney, I where are the breeches? " They were nowhere to be found l Mr. Seaforth descended that morning, whip in hand, and equipped in a handsome gieen riding- frock, bot no "breeches and boots to Smatch" were there : loose jean tronusers, sur 5 mounting a pair of diminutive Wellingtous, embraced, eomewhat incongruously, his nether mau, rice the "patent cords," returned, like yesterday's pantaloons, absent without leave. The "top-hoota" had a holiday. "A fine morning after the rain," said lMr. Simpkiuson from Bat?h. "Just the thing for the 'ops," said Mr. Peters. "I remember when I was a boy-" "Do hold,,your tongue, P.," -said Mrs. Peters-advice which that exemplary' matron was in the constant habit of administering to p "her P.," as she called him, whenever he I prepared to vent his reminiscences. Her precise reaso,,n for this it would be difficult to determine, unless, indeed, the story be true I which a little bird had whispered into Mrs. Botherby's ear-Mr. Peters, though now a we;ilthy man, had received's liberal education 3 at a charity school, anid was apt to recur to -c the days of his muffin-cap nod leathers. As usud, he took his wife's hint'in good part'; and "paused in his reply." "A glorious day for the ruins," said young Ingoldeby. " But Charles, what the deuce a are you about ? You don't mean to ride p through our lanes in such toggpry as that 1 "' Lassy mel" said Mis[ Julia Simpkineon, I " won't you be very wet ? " "You had better take Tom's cab," quoth the squire. But this proposition was at once overruled ; Mrs. Ogleton had already nailed the cab, s a vehicle of all others the best adapted for a snug flirtation. "Or drive Miss Julia in the phaeton " i No; that was the post of Mr. Peters, who, e indifferentas ano equestrian, had acquired some fame as a whip while travelling through the midland counties for the firm of Bagshaw, I Soivelby, and Ghrimes. " Thank you, I shall ride with my cous!ns," t said Charles, with as much nonchalance as he i could assume-- and he did so ; Mr. Ingoldshy, t Mrs. Peters, Mr. Simpkinson from Bath, and his eldest daughter with her album, following in the family coach. The geutllman-com moner "voted the affair d-d slow," and declined the party altogether in favour of the gamekeeper and a cigar. "There was ' uo fn ' in looking at old houses !" Mrs. Simp kinson preferred a short asjour in the still room with Mrs. Bothberby, who had promised to initiate her in that grand arcanum, the transmutation of gooseberry jam into Guava jelly. " Did you ever see an old abbey before, Mr. Peters?" "Yes, miss, a French one ; we have got one at Ramsgate; he teaches the Miss Joneses to parley-voo, and is turned of sixty." Miss Simpkinson closed her album with an air of ineffable disdain. Mr. Simpkinson from Bath was a professed antiquary, and one of the first water ; he was master of Gwillim's Heraldry, and Mills's History of the Crusades; knew every plate in the Monasticon ; had written an essay on the origin and dignity of the office of overseer. and settled the date of a Queen Anne's far thing. An influential member of the Anti quarian Society. to whose "Beauties of Bagnigge Wells" he had been a liberal sub scriber, procured him a seat at the board of that learned body, since which happy epoch Sylvanus Urban had not a more indefatigable correspondent. His inaugural essay on the President's cocked hat was considered a miracle of erudition ; and his account of the earliest application of gilding to gingerbread, a masterpiece of antiquarian research. His eldest daughter was of at kindred spirit : if her father's mantle had not fallen upon her, it was only because he had not thrown it off himself; she had caught hold of its tail, however, while it yet hung upon his honoured shoulders. To souls so congenial, .what a sight was the magnificent ruin of Bolsover ! its broken arches, its mouldering pinnacles, and the airy tracery of its half-demolished windows. The party were in raptures; Mr. Simpkinson begat to meditate an essay, and his daughter an ode; even Seaforth, as he gazed on these lonely relics of the olden time, was betrayed into a momentary forgetfulnessof his love and losses ; the widow's eye-glass turned from her cicisbeo's whiskers to the mantling ivy ; Mrs. Peters wiped her spectacles ; and "her P." supposed the central tower " had once been the county jail." The squire was a philoso pher. and had been there often befaore, so he ordered out the cold tongue and chickens. "Bolsover Priory," said Mr. Simnpkinson, with the air of a connoisseur-" Bolsover Priory was founded in the reign of Henry the Sixth, about the beginning of the eleventh century. Hugh de Bolsover had accompanied that monarch to the Holy Land, in the expe dition undertaken by way of penance for the murder of his you g nephews in the Tower. Upon the dissolution of the monasteries, the veteran was enfeoffid in the lands and manor, to which he gave his own name of Buwlsover, or Bee-owls-over (by corruption Boleover)- Bee in chief, over three Owls. all proper, being thearmorial ensigns borne bythisdistinguished crusader at the siege of Acre." "Ah I that was Sir Sydney Smith," said Mr. Peters; "I've heard tell of him, and all about Mrs. Partington, and--" " P. be quiet, and don't expose yourself ! " sharply interrupted his lady. P. was silenced, and betook himself to the bottled stout. "These lands." continued the antiquary, "were held in grand serjeantry by the pre sentation of three white owls and a pot of honey-" " Lassy me ! how nice I" said Miss Julia. Mr. Peters licked his lips. "Pray give" me leave, my dear-owls and honey, whenever the king should come a rat catching into this part of the country." "Rat-catching I" ejaculated the squire, pausing abruptly in the mastication of a drumstick. " To be sure, my dear sir : don't you re member that rats once came under the forest laws-a minor species of venison ? ' Rats and mice, and such small deer,' ch ?-Shakspeare, you. know. Our ancestors ate rats ;" ("The nasty fellows I" shuddered Miss Julia, in a parenthesis) "and owls, you know, are capital mousers-" "I've seen a howl," said Mr. Peters; " there'a one in the Sohological Gardens,-a little hook-nosed chap in a wig--only its feathers and--" Poor P. was destined never to finish a speech. " Do be quiet I" cried the authoritative voice; and the would-hbe naturalist shrank into his shell like a snail in the "Sohological Gardenrs." " You should read Blount's ' Jocular Tenures,' Mr. Ingoldsby," pursued Simpkin son. " A learned man was Blount ! Why, sir, His Royal Highness the Duke of York once paid a silver horse-ashoe to Lord Ferrers " I've heard of him," broke in the incorrigi tie Peters; " he was hanged at the Old Bailey in a silk rope for shooting Dr. Johnson." The antiquary vouchsafed no notice of the interruption; but, t.king a pinch of snuff, continued his harangue. "A silver horseshoe, sir, which is due from every scion of rtyalty who rides across one of his manors; and, if you look into the penny county histories, now publishing by an emi nent friend of mine, you will find that Laug hale, in Co. Norf., was held by one Baldwin per saltum, ~aflatum, ct pettum; that is, he was to come every Christmas into Westminster Hall, there to take a leap, cry hem! and---" " Mir. Simpkinson, a glass of sherry ?" cried Tom Ingoldsby, haistily. "Not any, thank you, sir. This Baldwin, surnamed Lc--" " Mrs. Ogleton challenges you, sir; she in sists upon it," said Tom, still more rapidly, at the same time filling a glass, and forcing it on the searant, who, thus arrested in the very crisis of his narrative, received and swallowed the potation as if it had been physic. " What on earth has Miss Simpkinson dis covered there ]" continued Tom : "something of interest. See how fast she is writing." The diversion was effectual; every one looked towards Mies Simpkinson, who, far too ethereal for "creature comforts," was seated apart on the dilapidated remains of an altr tomb, committing eagerly to paper something that had strongly impressed her; the air-the eye in a fine frenzy rolling, all betokened that the divine aeftu waues .me. Her father rose, and stole silently towards her. "What an old boar !" muttered young Ingoldaby ; alluding, perhaps, to a slice of brawn which he had just began to oper-te upon, but which,from the celerity with which it disappeared, did not seem so very difficult of mastication. But what had become of Seaforth and his fair Car oline all this while ? Why, it so hap pened that they had been simultaneously stricken with the picturesque appearance of ons of those high and pointed arches, which that eminent antiquary, Mr. Horseley Curties, has described in his "Ancient Records," as "a Gothic window of the Sazon order;" and then the ivy clustered so thickly and so beauti fully on the other side, that they went round to look at that; and then their proximity de prived it of half its effect, and so they walked across to a little knoll, a hundred yards off, and in crossing a small ravine, they came to what in Ireland they call "a bad step," and Charles had to carry his cousin over it; and then when they had to come bock, she would not give him the trouble again for the world, so they followed a better but more circuitous route, and there were hedges and ditches in the way, and stiles to get over, and gates to get through, so that an hour or more had elapsed before they were able to rejoin the patty. " Lasey me I" said: Miss Julia Siniplinson, "how long you have lseen gone 1" And'so thbpy.had- The remark was a very. just no well asa verynatursalone.' They were gone a long while, and a nice cony chat they had : and what do you think it was all about, my dear misar' e '"0O lJsesy ms l'love no-doubt, nnd the b moon, and eyes, and nightingales; and- " u Stay, stay, my sweet young lady, do not let the fervour of your feelings run away with you?o I do not pretend to Pay, indeed;-that one or more of these piretty subjects .might I not have been introduced; but the most im portanthnd" leading topic of the conference was-Lieutenant Seaforth's breeches. e "Caroline," said Charles, "I have had some I very odd dreams since I have been at Tap F pington." " Dreams, have you?" smiled the young I lady, arching her taper neck like a swan in h pluming. "Dreams, haveyou ?l" "Ay, dreame,-or dream, perhaps, I should say; for, though repeated, it was still the I same. And what do you imagine was its s subject " "It is impossible for me to divine." said - the tongue ;-" I have not the lenht difficulty in guessing," said the eye, as plainly as ever eye spoke. " I dreamt of-your great grandfather ? " T here was a change in the glance-" My great grandfather I " " Yes, the old Sir Giles, or Sir John, you told me about the other day: he walked into my bedroom in his short cloak of murrey- . coloured velvet, his long rapier, and his Raleigh-looking hat and feather, just as the t picture represents him; but with one excep tion." " And what was that ? " " Why, his lower extremities, which were visible. were those of a skeleton." " Well ? " "Well, after taking a turn or two about the room, and looking round with a wistful i air, he came to the bed's foot, stared at me in a manner impossible to describe,-and then he-he laid hold of my pantaloons; whilpped his long bony legs into them in a twinkling ; and strutting up to the glass, seenod to view , himself in it with great complacency. I tried to speak, but in vain. The:efy it, howevere seemed to excite his attention ; for wheeling about, ihe showed me the grimmest-looking death's head you can well imagine, and with an indescribable grin strutted out of the room." " Absurd ! Charles. How can you talk such nonsense ? " " But, Caroline,-the breeches are really gnme." On the following morning, contrary to his usual custom, Senforth was the first person in the breakfast-parlour. As no one else was present, he did precisely what nine young men out of ten so situated would have done ; he walked up to the mantel-piece, established himself upon the rug, and subducting his coat htails one under each arm. turned towards the fire that nortion of the human frame which it is considered equally indecorous to present to a friend or an enemy. A serious, not to say anxious, expression was visible upon his good-humoured countenance, and his mouth was fast buttoning itself up for an incipient whistle, when little Flo, a tiny spaniel of the Blenheim breed,-the pet object of BMiss Julia Simpkinsoti's affections,-bounced out from beneath a sofa, and began to bark at his pantaloons. They were cleverly " built," of a light grey mixture, a broad stripe of the most vivid scarlet traversing each seam in a perpendicular direction from hip to ankle-in short, the regimental costume of the Royal Bombay Fencibles The animal, educated in the country, had never seen such a pair of breeches in her life-nOmne ignotum proe magnifico I The scarlet streak, inflamed as it was by the reflection of the fire, seemed to act on Flora's nerves as the same colour does on those of bulls end turkeys; she advanced at the pas de charge, and her vociferation, like her amazemen , was unbounded. A sound kick f tim the disgusted officer changed it charac ter, and induced a retreat at the very moment when the mistress of the pugnacious qudru pied entered to the rescue. " Lassy me! Flo, what is the matter?" cried the sympathizing Idy, with a scrutiniz ing glance levelled at the gentleman It might asowell have lighted on a feather. bed. His air of imperturbable unconscious ness defied examination ; and as he would not, and Flora could not, expound, that injured individual 'was compelled to pocket up her wrongs. Others of the househbld soon dropped in, and clustered round the board dedicated to the most sociable of meals ; the urn was ptraded " hissing hot," and the cups which cheer, but not inebriate." steamed redolent of hyson and pekoo ; muffnlus and marmalade, newspapers and Finoon haddies, left ittle room for observation on the character of Charles's warlike " turn-out." At length a look from Caroline, followed by a smile that nearly ripened to a titter, caused him to turn abruptly and address his neighbour. It witas Miss Simpkinson, who, deeply engaged in sip ping her tea and turning over her album, seemed, like a female Chrononotonthologos, "immersed in cogibundity of cogitation." An interrogatory on the subject of her studies drew from her the confeasio,n that she was at that moment employed in putting the finish. ing touches to a poem inspired by the romantic shades of Bolsover. The entreaties of the company were of course urgent. 'Mr. Peters, who "liked verses," was especially persevering, and Sappiho at length compliant. After a pre paratory hem ! and a glance at the mirror to ascertain that her look was sufficiently senti mental, the poetess began : " There is a calm, a holy feeling, Vulgar minds can never know, O'er the bosom softly stealing,- Chastoen'd grief, delicious woe l Oh how sweet at everegaining Ton lone tower's sequester'd shade Sadly mute and uncomplaining-" -Yow !--yeough !-yeough !--yew !-yoew ,yelled a hapless sntferer from beneath the table. It wa an unlucky hour for quadrupeds ; and if "every dog will have his day,"he could not have selected a more unpropitious ,ne than this. Mrs. Ogleton, too,, hadl a pet--a ifavourite pug--whose squab figure, black muzzle, and tortuosity of tail, that curled like a head of celery in a salad-bowl, besppko his Dutch extraction. Yow ! yow ! yowl I con tinued the brute--a chorus in which Flo instantly joined. Sooth to say, pug had more r reason to express his dissatisfaction than was given him by the muse of Simpkioson; the a otheronly barked for company. Scarcely had the poetess got through her first stanza, when Tom Ingoldsby, in the enthusiasm of the mo Sment, became so lost to the material world, Sthat. in his abstraction, he unwarily laid his hand on the cock of the urn. Quivering with emotion, he gave it such an unlucky twist, that the full streaim of its scalding contents descended oi the gingerbread hide of the unlucky Cupid. The confusion was complete; the whole economy of the table disarranged the company broke up in most admired dis order-and "vulgar minds will never know" anythiug more of Miss Simpkinsoy's ode till they peruse it in some forthcoming Annual. Seisforth profitled by the confusion to take the delitiquent who had caused this "atramash" by the arm, and to lead him to the lawn, where he had a word or two for his private ear. The conference between the young gentlemen was neither brief in its duration nor unimportant in its result. The subject was what the lawyers call tripartite,embracing the information that Charles Seaforth was over head and ears in love with Tom Ingoldeby's sister; secoundly, that the lady had referred him to " papa" for his sanction; thirdly and lastly, his nightly visitations and conse. quent bereavement. At the two first iteins Tom smiled auspiciously-at the last he burst out int, an absolute "guffaw. "Steal your breeches!a Miss Bailey over again, by Jove!" sabouted Iogoldeby. 'But a gentleman, you ay-and Sir Giles too. I am not sure, Charles, whether I ought not to call you out for aspersing the honour of the family." "Laugh as you will, Tom-be as incredul ons as you please. One fact is incoutraestable- the breeches are goune ! Look here--I am Sreduced to my regimentals; and if these go to-morrow I musu borrow of you I" SRochfoucault says, there is something in the Smisfortunes of our very best friends that I does not displease us; certainly we can, most of us, laugh at their petty inconveniences, a till called upon to Eupply them. Tom com. I posed his features on the instant; and replied with more gravity, as well as with an exprea I sion, which, if my Lord Mayor had been within hearing, might have cost-him five I shillings. "There is something very queer in this, after all. The clothes, you say, have posi I tively disappeared. Somebody is playing I you a trick; and, ten to one, your servant I has a band in it. By the wnay. I heard some thing yesterday ofhis kicking up a bobbery in a the kitchen, and seeing a ghost, or something Sof that kind, himself. Depend uponit, Barney i in the plot." It struck the lieutenant at once that the Susunally buoyant spirits of his attendaut had of late been materially sobered down, his S At Ioquacity obviously circumscribed. 'and Latht he, the'isaid lieutenant, had actually rung his bell three several times that very morning befdre .hecould procure his attendance. ,Mr. -I Maguire wa' forthwith summoned,and under- f went. a close examination. The 'l bobbery" t was easily. xplained. Mr.' Oliver Dobbs had hinted his disapprobation bf a flirtation earry- t 1oi on between the gentleman fron Minster iad the Lady from the Rue St. Hlnord. t Mademoiselle boxed Mr. Maguiroe' ears, iand Mr. Maguire-pulled. Mi-demoiselle upon his I knee, and the lady did not cry A'onM Diea .t And Mr. Oliver Dobbs said it was very wrong ; d and Mrs. Botherby said it was scandalous.; and what'dofght not to be done in'any nioral kitchen ; and Mr. Maguire had got hold of the a Honourable Augustus Sucklethumbkin'a pow- a der-flask, and had put large pinches of the c best double Dirtford into Mr. Dobbs's tob?ido- ig box : and Mr. Dobbs's pipe had exploded, and set fire to Mirs. Botherby's Sunday cap ; and y aMr. iMaguire had put it oun, with the slop- o haiin, ''barring the wig;" and then they i were all so " cantankerous," that Barner had t cone to take a walk in the garden ; and then t -then Mr. B irny had seen a ghost ! ' A what ? you blockhead ! " asked Tom i Ingoldeby. " Sure, then, and it's meself will tell your c honour the rights of it." smid the ghost- seer. f " Miself and Miss Pauline, sir,-or Mliss Pauline and meself. for the ladies c.me first any how,-we got tired of the hobstroppylous si skrimmaging among the ould servants, that a didn't know a joke when they seen one: andl we went out to look at the comet,-that's the Rory Bory-alehoase, they calls him in a this country-and we walked upon the lawn,- y and divel of any alehouse there was there at. all; and Mirs P.uline sai' it was becase of t the shrubbery may be, and why wouldn't we see it better beyonst the trees a and so we t went to the trees, but sorrow a comet did meself see there, barring a big ghost instead of it." "A ghost? And what sort of a ghost, i Barney " " Och, then, divel a lie I'll tell your honour. i A tball ould gentleman he was, all in white, L with a shovel on his shoulder, and a big torch in his firt,-though what he wanted with that it's;meself cin't tell, for his eyes were like gic- lamps, letalone the moon and the comet. c which wasn't there at all: and ' Barney,' says he to me,-'cause why be knew me,- i ' Barney,' says he, ' what is it your'e doing with the colleen there, Barney ? '-Divel n a word did I say. Miss Paulino screeched, and a cried murther in French, and ran of with I herself; and of course meself was in a mighty hurry after the lady, and had no time to stop palavering with him any way: so I dispersedht once, and the ghost vauishtd in a flame of fire !" Mr. Maguire's account was received with avowed incredulity by both gentlemen ; but Barney stuck to his text with unflinching a pertinacity. A reference to Mademoiselle was suggested, but abandoned, as neither party had a taste for delicate investigations. "I'll tell you what, Seaforth," said Ingolds by after Barney had received his dismissal, "that there is a trick here, is evident ; and Barney's vision may possibly be a part of it. Whether he is must knave or fool, you best know. At all events, I will sit up with you to-night, and see if I can convert my ancestor into a visiting acquaintance. Meanwhile, your finger on your lip ! " "'Twir now thle very witching time of night, Whaen churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead." Gladly would I grace my tala with decent horror, and therefore I do beseech the "g-ntle reader" to believe, that if all the succedanca to this mysterious narrative are not in strict keeping, he will ascribe it only to the dis graceful innovations of modern degeneracy upon the sober and dignified habits of our ancestors. I can introduce him, it is true. intl, an old and high-roofed chamber, its walls covered on three sides with black oak wains coting, adorned with carvings of fruit and fl, wers long anterior to those of Grinling Gibbous; the fourth side is clothed with a curious remnant of dingy ttpestry, once elu cidatory of some Scriptural hi-tory, but of which not even Mrs. Botherby could determine. Mr. Simpkinson, who had examined it care. fully, inclined to believe the principal figure to be either Bathsheba, or D.niel in the lions' den; while Tom Ingoldaby decided in favour of the king of Bashan. All, however, was conjecture, tradition being silent on the sub ject. A lofty arched portal led into, and a little arched portal led outof, this apartment; they were opposite each other, and both pos sessed the security of massy bolts on the interior. The bedstead, too, was not one of yesterday, but manifestly coeval with days ere Seddons was, and when a good four-post "article ' was deemed worthy of being a royal bequest. The bed itself, with all the appurte nances of pallasse, mattresses, &c.;, was of far later date, and looked most incongruously comfortale ; the casements, too, with their little diamond-shaped panes and iron binding, had given way to the modern heterodoxy of the saah.window. Nor was this all that con. spired to ruin the costume, and render the room a meet haunt for such "mixed spirits" only as could condescend to don at the same time an Elizabethan doublet and Bond- street inexpressibles. WiTh their green morocco slippers on a modern fender, in front of a disgracefully modern grate, sat two young gentlemen, clad in "shawl-pattern " dressing-gowna and black aillk stocks, much at variance with the high cane-backed chairs which supported them. A bunch of abomination, called a cigar, reeked in the left-hand corner of the mouth of one, and in the light-band corner of the mouth of the other-an arrangement happily adapted for the escape of the noxious fumes up the chimney, without that unmerciful " funking" each other, which a less scientific disposition would have induced. Asmall pembroketable filled up the intervening space between them, sustaiining, at each extremity, an elbow and a glass of toddy; and thus in "lonely pensive contemplation" were the two worthies occu pied, when the " iron tongue of midnight had talled twelve." "Ghost time's come!" said Ingoldshy, taking from his waistcoat pocket a watch like a gold half-crown, and consulting it as though he suspected the turret.clock over the stables of mendacity. " Hiush! " said Charles; "did I not hear a footstep ? " There was a pause-there was a footstep- it sounded distinctly-it reached the door it hesitated, stopped, and passed on. Tom darted across the room, threw open the door, and became aware of Mrs. Botherby toddling to her chamber at the other end of the gallery, after dosing one of the house. maids with an approved julep from the Countess of Kent's " Choice Manual.' " Good-night, sir ! " said Mrs. Botherby. " Go to the d-1- " said the disappointed ghost-hunter. An hour- two-rolled on, and still no spectral visitastion ; nor did aught intervene to make night hideous ; and when the turret. clock sounded at length the hour of three, Ingoldaby, whose patience and Crog were alike exhnusted, sprang from his chair, saying, "This is all infernal nonsense, my good fellow. Deuce of any ghost shall we see to Snight; it's long past the canonical hour. I'm off to bed; and as to your breeches, I'll insure them for twenty-four hours at least, at the price of the buckram." " Certainly. Oh ! than'k'e-to be sure ! " stammered Charles, rousing himself from a reverie, which had degenerated into an abso lute snooze. " Good-night, my boy Bolt the door be hind me; and defy the Pope, the Devil, and the Pretender!" Seaforth followed his friend's advice, and the next morning came down to breakfast * dressed in the habiliments of the preceding ,iday. The charm was broken, the demon defeated ; the light greys with the red stripe a down the senms were yet rtn serum natrud, and adorned the person of their lawful pro prietor. Tom felicitated himself and his partner of the watch on the result of their vigilance; but there is a rustic adage, which warns us against a self-gratulation before we are quite "out of the wood." Seaforth was yet within its verge. A rap at Tom Inooldsby's door the next morning startled him as he was shaving-he cut his chin. ' Come in, and be d-d to you I" said the martyr, pressing his thumb on the wounded I epidermis. The door opened, and exhibited Mr. Barney Maguire. " Well, Barney, what is it ? quoth the suffirer, adopting the vernacular of his visi taunt. t"The master, sir--" ' Well, what does he want 1" "The loanat of a breeches, plans your 1 honour." "Why you don't mean to tell me-By Heaven, this is too good l" shouted Tom, bursting into a fit of uncontrollable laughter. " Why, Birney, you don't mean to say the I ghoat has got them again ?" i Mr. Magutre did not respond to the young squire's esiblity ; the cast of his countenance wl was decidedly aerioutni f ? Faith, .then,, it's i gone. they are,.. sure lttnohgh! *Hasn't- meself beenslooking :over the bed, and 7tinder :the bed; end in the bed, oc for the,?iatter, of that, and' dive! a ha'p'orth el of breechai is there ti the fore at all:=I'm .i vtwhliril eihreelyl!" to " Hark'e ! Mr. Barney" said Tom, incau- a' tionaly removing his rhamb, and letting a ro crimson stream ' incarnadine multitlldiuous " lather-that 'plastered his- throat-" this may to be all very well with your master, but you di don't humbug me,. sir :-tell me instantly cl. what have you done:with the clothes I" sp This' abrupt tramnitioti from "lively to severe" .certainly took IMaguire by surprise, and he seemed for on instant as much discon- Li certed as it is possible to disconcert an Irish a" gentleman's gentlaman. li " Me ? is it meself, then, that's the ghost to - your honour's thinking?" said he after a th moment's pause, and with a alight shade of a indignation in his tones: "is it I would stale in the master's things-and what would I do with of them ?" " " That you best know:-what your purpose as is I can't guess, for I don't think you mean to 'stale' them, as you call it; but that you are - concerned in their disappearance, I am satin- Al fled. Confound this blood !-give me a towel, Barney." W Maguire acquitted himself of the commis- ti sion. " As I've a sowl, your honour," said he, sr solemuly, "little it is meself knows of the fa matter : and after what I seen- " ti " What you've seen ! Why, what have yon Il seen ?-Barney, I don't want t' inquire into your flirtations; but don't suppose you can tl Ipalm off your saucer eyes and giglamps upon t me ! " "Then, as sure as your honour's standing ci there, I saw him: and why wouldn't I, when tI \tias Paudine was to the fore as well as at moself, and- " el "Get along with your nonsense-leave the I' room, sir I " 1 "But the master ?" said Barney, implor- at ingly; " and without a breeches I-sure he'll pi be catching cowld-?d "Take that, rascal I" replied Ingoldshy, b throwing a pair of puantaloons at, rather than w to, him - "but don't suppose. sir, you shall carry on your tricks here with impunity; recollect there is sich a thing as a treadmill, b arnd that my father is a county magistrate." el Barney's eye flashed fire-he stood erect, Ii and was about to speak; but, mastering him- A self. not without an effCrt, he took up the o garment, and left the room as perpendicular as Ii a Quaker. "Ingoldshy," said Charles Seaforth, after t breakfait, "this is noew past a joke ; to day is o the last of my stay ; for, notwithstanding the ties which detain me, common decency obliges me to visit home after so long an absence. I h shall come to an immediate explanation with your father on the subject nearest my heart, a and depart while I have a change of dress left. On his answer will my return depend ! In the meantime tell me candidly-I ask it in all seriousness, and as a friend-am I not a dope to your well-known propensity to hoaxing Have you not a hand in-" " No,- by Heaven, Seaforth ; I see what you mean: on my honour, I am as much mystified as yourself ; and if your servant--' "Not he :-if there be a trick, he at lesat is not privy to it." "If there be a trick I why, Charles, do you think-" "I know not wileat to think, Tom. As surely as you are a living man, so surely did that spectral anatomy visit my room again last night, grin in my face, and walk away with my trousers; nor was I able to spring from my bed, or break the chain which seemed to bind me to my pillow." "Seforth," said Ingoldsby, after a short I pause, " I will- But bush I here are the t girls and my father.-I will carry off the females, and leave you a clear field with the I Governor : carry your point with him, and we will talk about your breeches afterwards." t Tom's diversion was sccessful ; lihe carried i off the ladies en masse to look at a remrarkable c specimen of the class Dodecandria lonogynia I -which they could not find-while Seaforth marched boldly tip to the encounter, and e carried " the Governor's" outworks by a coup c de main. I shall not stop to describe the pro gress of the attack ; suffice it that it was as 1 succeseful as could have been wished, and that Seaforth was referred back again to the lady. The happy lover was off at a tangent; the hotanical party was soon overtaken; and the arm of Caroline, whom a vain endeavour to spell out the Linnman name of a daffy-down dilly had detained a little in the rear of the others, was soon firmly locked in his own. "What was the word to them, Its noise, its nonsense, and its ' breoctes' all!" Seaforth was in the seventh heaven ; he retired to his room that night as happy as if no such thing as a goblin had ever been heard of, and personal chattels were as well fenced in by law as real property. Not so Tom Ingoldsby: the mystery-for mystery there evidently was had not only piqued his curiosity, but ruffled hia temper. The watch of the previous night had been unsuccessful, probably because it was undisguised. To-night he would "ensconce himself "-not indeed "behind the arrans" for the little that remiined was, as we have seen, nailed to the wall- but in a small closet which opened from one corner of the room, and by leaving the door ajar, would give its occupant a view of all that might pass in the apartment. Here did the young ghost-hunter take up a position, with a good stout sapling under his arm, a full half-hour before Seaforth retired for the night. Not even his friend did he let into his eonfidence, fully determined that if his plain did not succeed, the failure should be attributed to himself alone. At the usual hour of separation for the night, Tom saw, from his conoealment, the lieutenant enter his room, and after taking a few turns in it, with an expression so joyous ias to betoken that his thoughts were mainly occupied by his approaching happiness, proceed slowly to disrobe himself. The coat, the waist coat, the black silk stock, were gradually dis carded; the green morocco slippers were kicked off, and then-ay, and then-his coun tenance grew grave; it seemed to occur to him all at once that this was his last stake --nay, that the very breeches he had on were not his own-that tomorrow morning was his last, and that if he lost tfem- . A glance showed that his mind was made up; he replaced the single button he had just subducted, and threw himself upon the bed in a state of transition half chrysalis, half grub. Wearily did Tom Inogoldsby watch the sleeper by the flickering light of the night lamp, till the clock striking one, induced him to increase the narrow opening which Ie had left for the purpose of observation. The motion, slight as it was, seemed to attract Charles's attention; for he raised himself suddenly to a sitting posture, listened for a moment, and then stood upright upon the floor. Ingoldsby was on the point of dis covering himself, when, the light flashing full upon his friend's countenance, he perceived that, though his eyes were open, " their sense was shut"--that he was yet under the influ ence of sleep. Seaforth advanced slowly to the toilet, lit his candle at the lamp that stood on it, then, going back to the bed's foot, ap peared to search eagerly for something which he could not find. For a few moments he seemed reatless and uneasy, walking round the apartment and examining the chairs, till, coming fully in front of a large swing-glass thit flanked the dressing- table, he paused as if contemplating his figure in it. He now re turned towards the bed, put on his slippers, and, with cautions und stealthy steps, pro ceeded towards the little arched doorway that opened on the private staircase. As he drew the bolt, Tom Ingoldsby emerged from his hiding-place; but the sleep-walker heard him not; he proceeded softly downstairs, followed at a due distance by his friend; opened the door which led out upon the gar dens, and stood at once among the thickest of ,the shrubs, which there clustered round the base of a corner turret, and screened the postern from common observation. At this i moment Ingoldaby had nearly spoiled all by Smaking a false step: the sound attracted Sea t Irth's attention-he paused and turned; and, Sas the full moon shed her light directly upon Shis pale and troubled features, Tom marked, almost with dismay, the fied and rayless appearance of his eyes: "Theros no pen~latloin those orbs * T.atho did glare withaL" SThe perfeet stillness preserved by his follower seemed to reassure him; he turned aside; and I from the midst of a thickset laurustinus drew forth a gardener's spade, shouldering which he Sproceeded with greater rapidity into the midst of the shrubbery. Arrived at a certain point where the earth seemed to have been recently disturbed, he set himself heartily to the task of digging, till, having thrown up several r shvelfula of mould, he stopped, flung down his tool, and very composedly began to disen Scumber himself tf his pantaloons. Up to this moment Tom had watched him Swith a wary eye : he now advanced cautiously, andil, aa hie friend was busily eugagod in dis. entangling himself from his gurmeut, made himself muster of the spade. tenforth, mean while, hRad, accomplished his purpose: haratdod for a ment with :jHis otiamersa itvkg in'tho wsind," occupied in 'carefully rolling, up the small clothes into as compact He form as poasible, and .all heedless bf the breath of headen, which, milght't?rtainly be su'rppsed at such a moment,' and in stuch a plight, to ivisit his frame thi, rau.hly." He was in the act of stooping low to deposit the pantaloons in the grave which he had been digging for them, when Tuom Ingoldsby came close behind him, and with tee flat of the spade-- The shock was effectual ; never again was Lieutenant Seaforth known to act the part of a somnambulist. One by one, his breeche- his tronuser-his pantaloons-his silk-net tights -his patent cords, and his showy greys with the broad red stripe of the Bombay Fencibles were brought to light, rescued from the grave in which they had been buried, like the strata of a Christmas pie; and, after having been well aired by Mrs. Brotherby, became once again effective. The family, the ladies, especially, lauched ; -Baraey IM guire cried " Bi.theration !" and Afamselle Pauline, "M ot Dieu!" Charles Seaforth, unable to face the quizzing which awaited him on all aides, started off two hours earlier than he had proposed :-he nson returned, however ; and having, it his father-in-law's request, given up the occupa tion of Rajah-huoning and shooting Nabobs. led his blushing bride to the altar. Mr. Simpkinson from Bath did not attend the ceremony, being eegrged at the Gra,.d Junctiom Meeting of SgCaans, then congregat i:sg from all plarte of the known world in the city of Dublin. His essay, demonstrating that the globe is a great custard, whipped into co agulation by whirlwinds, and cooked by electricity,-a little too much haked in the Isle of Portland, and a thought underdone about the bogof Allen,-was highly spoken of, and narrowly escaped obtaining a Bridgewater prize. Miss Simpkinson and her sister acted as bridesmaids en the occasion ; the former wrote an cpithalamium, and the latter cried "Lassy me I " at the clergyman's wig. Some years have since rolled on; the union has been crowned with two or three tidy little off shoots from the family tree, of whom Master Neddy is " grandpapa's darling," and Mlary Anne mamma's particular " Sock." I shall only add, that Mr. and iMr Seaforth are living together quite as happily as two good hearted, good-tempered bodies, very fond of each other, can poseibly do; and that since the day of his marriage, Charles has shown no disposition to jump out of bed, or ramble out of doors o' nights,-though from his entire devotion to every wish and whim of his young wife, Tom insinuates that the fair Caroline does still occasionally take advant age of it so far as to "slip on the breeches." 