INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. (FRae Owan oewN CEESlPONENTe.) VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Fan. 20. A caucus of liberal supporters of the Government was held to-day, the Chief Secretary presiding. Only 30 members were invited, but 24 attended. Mr. Deakin made a short explanatory statement of the present position of affairs, and urged the usual formation of a party for the coming elections. A resolution was passed retain ing Mr. Deakin as leader, and upon the question of coalition being discussed it was decided that no steps be taken until the Government programme was an nounced. A committee was then appointed to draw up a party programme, and the caucus adjourned until Tuesday morning next. The trial of T. F. Butler, charged with defalcations in the Registrar-General's office, was continued to-day. A number of persons connected with insurance offices were examined, and the examination was being c6ntinued when the Court rose, bail being renewed. An action arising out of the Maribyrnong Estate was mentioned in Chambers to-day. Chas. D. Streaker, catereri Edmund Comber,~agent; and 18 other~ formed themselves into a syndicate to purchase 249 acres, being half the interest owned by Mr. T, Bent, M.L.A., the other half being owned by Messrs. F. E. Selman and Gustav Lachal. The plaintiffs paid cash deposit £300 each, and gave promissory notes to the extent of £3982, and Comber, holding four shares, gave notes for £15,928. Plaintiffs claim an injunction, on the ground of misrepresentation, to prevent Selman dealing with land or notes, and also to return deposits. The application was granted, and a similar one will be made re -garding Lachal to-morrow. Five battalions of Cadeta paraded at Albert Park to-day, when Lady Loch pre sented them with new colours made by herself and daughters. The Customs Department has sent the Inspector of Explosives and staff to the scene of the wreck of the schooner Neptune off P6arl Point in order to secure casesof dynamite which have been washed ashore or may be floating about. The Marine Board held an enquiry into the wreck of the Neptune, and found that the loss was caused by the negligent navi. gation of Captain Rice and W. Hodgson, the mate. The formor's certificate was suspended for two years and the latter's for one year. The new Roman Catholic College, Ballarat, called the Holy Ghost College, was opened with ceremony yesterday by Arohbishop Carr, in the presence of the Bishop of Ballarat and a large gathering of the clergy and laity. Messrs. J, Campbell and Service have decided to oppose Mr. Thos. Bent, leader of the Opposition, for Brighton. The Goverqment have had under con sideration the desirableness of continuing and increasing the mail service between America ahd Australia. Correspondence will be entered upon with the view to ascertaining the intentions of the Govern mente of New South Wales and New Zealand, whohave hitherto been Australian parties to the agreement with the Oceanic I Steamship Company, The Governor, Minister of Defence, Commandant, and other military officers will inspect the defences on Friday and Saturday. The following are the latest scratehings for the V.R. Autumn Meet :-St. Leger- J.H. Ascot Vale Stakes-The Loon, For tune Teller, and Wild Cat. 