TRUST JfUNDS AND COLONIAL SECURITIES. The Imperial Committee that wa appointed to consider the question of the Investment of trust funds In colonial ?ecurltteff fa not m-3HTig very rapid progress. The colonial re preaentotlves on the committee are Sir Charles Topper, Sir Graham Berry, and Sir F. D. BelL The Chancellor cf iho Exchequer expressed himself as avouxable to the proposal to Include colonial stock among the securities in which trustees may Invest, provided that two special conditions were observed. One was that a minimum price should be fixed, and that no stook the joazket value of which was less than th* minimum should be placed on the Bsi. ? The other was that lnveatora should hare the right of suing In London In the event of default being made in payment; Sir Graham Berry, as a member of the committee, opposes the last condition, which has been under the con sideration of the committee. He objects to colonial stock being thus branded. Sir P. D. Bell takes a less sentimental view of the subject, and thinks It better to accede to the proposal rather than en danger the success of the Bill, which will be brought in during the forthcoming ses sion of the Imperial Parliament; . Of course those colonies which wish to take advantage of It will nave to pass legislation accepting its provisions. The Agent-General for New Zealand urges that it will be optional with any of the colonies not to take advantage of the Imperial Act. This Is true; but the securities of those colonies which do not lake advantage of it will still be under a ban, and It is doubtful whether the feeling in England Is so strong on the matter as to lead to an agitation for the repeal of . the condition if It should be found that Its effect la to restrict the range of- colonial securities In which they can Invest It certainly seems rather iard that the colonies should have an unnecessary stigma Imposed upon them, and if there are practical reasons for opposing It the opposition should be directed against it before the measure Is passed, because when it is passed and a concession has been made to the colonies Ijy the Inclusion of their stockin the list of securities In which trustees may Invest it Is probable that a. considerable time will dapte before any further change is made, She question for the colonies to con alder Is whether the condition Is likely to have an Injurious effect upon the valrie of their stock. Although it may seem Invidious for the Imperial Government to insist upon It, it is not worth while fighting about it if it Is sot calculated to do us any luwws As the alternative, is having our stock debarred from being used for the Invest ment of trust funds or. having the barrier removed upon certain conditions, there can. hardly, be a question that the larger demand for Australian seauri ties that would be created would more than make up for the injury, if any, inflicted by imposing a special restriction. There Is not the remotest probability o investors ever being In the unfortunate position of having to sue for their divi dends, and if they feel that the power to snein London would give them additional jeenrity we do sot see that we need object io tieir having it. The demand for this nfcgnsrd does not, we suppose, originate with trustees- wha are- anxious to Invest in colonial securities, but Is Imposed by the Imperial Government with the object of protecting the Interests of the bene ftdalres under these trusts. The idea having once been started, many trustees WO, no doubt, come to look upon It aa a very wise precaution. In this view 4key are, in our judgment, mlfltakfln. .As, however, the interest of the coloniei Is to make common cause with, trustees, whom- they hop* t» [have as pur chasers t£ thehr stocks, it will not be -politio on oor part to raise unnecessary objections to provisoes that will help to -pass the Bill There was some talk about investors having the right to seize oui railway stock and public works 11 Interest or principal should be is arrear, and the right to sue would, we suppose, cover this contin gency^ It would certainly be very un pleasant If, say, the Adelaide Bail way Station had a notice posted up on it thai it was the property of a certain large investor, if a bridge had a slmilai notice affixed to it, and an engine or om of the boudoir carriages were similarlj ear-marked. Some consolation would b- derived from remembering that whai fa now one of the best managec railway lines in England was ii a similar position about thirty yean ago, and has survived It. We need not, however, feel alarmed at a oontin gency which fa too remote to enter ink serious calculation. It Is stated that the Government wil probably consent to Including In the lis colonial securities which have been at ai average price of £105 for six month prior to the date of Investment: ThJ seems rather an awkward conditio: to impose, and does not harmoniz irith the view; so of terr Insisted 7upon that trustees' da not like baying stock, especially terminable stook, at a premium. Conditions almost as stringent with regard to some English stocks are to be found in the Trust Investment Act passed last pear. Trustees may not purchase at a price exceeding redemption value stock of jertain kinds, which fa liable to be re deemed within fifteen years of the date of purchase at par or at some other fixed price; nor may they purchase stock of the class referred to, which is liable to be redeemed at par or other fixed rate, at & price exceeding 15 per cent* above par or the fixed rate oi redemption. One thing fa pretty clear. IE our stook fa to become a favourite investment with trustees it will be an enormous advantage to have all the stocks of one Colony consolidated, and a still greater advantage to have all Australian atock consolidated. ' The different kinds . of Btock Issued by one colony, and the varying rates of interest paid, must be very puzzling to the' private investor. Summing up the matter, tha conclusion seems to be that the colonies should try to prevent the Imposition of special restrictions that may appear to brand colonial securities as of doubtful value ; Jbut if the conditions are Insisted upon we need not be greatly alarmed. In any event it is to be hoped that this fresh effort to place colonial securities on j the Hat of trustee stock will be more successful than the attempt made last session, ?? ? - ., ....... . ?' \\_ '?' AeeitaIi or Sib W. C. F. Bownraow, G. C. M. G.— The Melbourne expresa brought to Adelaide among It* passengers on Saturday, December 7, HiglExcelUmcy Sir W. C P. Eoblnson and Sir Henry Wreaferdsley. Sir William was received at the station by Captain Aaatrather-Thomsoa and Mrj E. P. Lempriere (on behalf of the Earl of Kintore), the Chief JoBtioe, Sir J. Downer, Sir E. T. Smith, ana the Premier (Eon. Dr. Cockburn). Major Gordon was on the platform with a gaard of honour composed of members of the Perma nent Force, and a body of mounted constables were in waiting to accompany the Governor's carriage. Sir William seems to be in excel lent health. He was accorded an oration as he drove off to Government House. After eight days' sojourn in Adelaide Sir William will leave by the b.s. Britannia for England. Mail Passbkgebs.— The following pas eengera have booked per R. M. S. Ibaria, leaving to-day :— For London— Mr. F. J. IL Sergeant, Mr. E. Millar. For Bombay— Rav. J. Nelson, Mis. Nelaon, and five children. For Albany Mr. Harold E. Smith. For London from Albany, W.A.— Sir Thomas Campbell. P. & 0\. Mail ai Albany.— The P. & 0. 8.8. Valetta, from Colombo, arrived at Albany at 8 a.m. on Sunday, Thb Stjtposed Coal Discoveey ai Wibbababa.— The Commissioner of Crown lands has received the following report, dated December 6, 1889, from the Govern ment Geologist relative to the supposed coal discovery at Wirrabara :— 'In accordance with instructions I have visited and inspected the site of the supposed coal discovery near Wirrabara, in the Hundred of Appila. I saw no coal, nor was there any evidence that coal of any kind had been found. I am of opinion that the rook formation is of too great age geologically to contain coal Beams, and that there is nothing whatever to warrant a search for anon in the locality. To continue the shaft (uow down 70 ft.) would be an absolute waste of labour.' CRIMINAL SITTINGS— On Saturday after- noon the December sittings of the Criminal Court were brought to a conclusion. The charge of murder against Jackey lasted until late in the afternoon, when a verdict of wilful murder, with a strong recommendation to mercy, waa returned against him, and sentence of death was pronounced. M.C. Bannigan, who had worked up the case, waa specially eulogized, and His Honor directed that the sum of £25 should be given him. Death of Mr. R. N. Gault.— Our obituary column contains the notification of the death at Magill on Sunday, December 8, of Mr. Robert Nelson Gault, well known as a draper in Rundle-street. Mr. Gault, who at the time of his death was sixty-two years of age, was an old colonist, and carried on a draper; business for a great number of years in the city. At Magill he was a prominent figure in connection with the Wesleyan Church, holding in his time all the principal offices in the circuit. The deceased leaves three sons. The Hon. P. Santo.— During the past fortnight the Hon. Philip Santo, of Adelaide, has been seriously ill, and for a few days his condition has been the cause of grave anxiety to his family. Dr. Verco is attending him. The Coming Holidays.— On all South Australian railways (except Adelaide, Sema phore, and Larga Bay lines) and on the Sil verton Tramway tickets at single fare for the double journey will be issued at all Btations from December 18 to January 2, inclusive, available for return for one month from date of issue. On the Adelaide, Sema phore, and Larga Bay llnea the Saturday afternoon cheap tioketB will be issued from December 24 to January V, available for return on day of issue only. To Melbourne ancL certain other Victorian stations excur sion tickets will be bsued from December 18 to January 2 inclusive, available for return within two months from date of iune. Ths Nbttmaekbx MEHncfO.— A succewf ul .race meeting was conducted at Morphettville on Saturday. Hii Excsllency the Governor and tne Countess of Kintore: wers present duriog the afternoon. The Handicap Hurdle Haoa was won by Mr. E, E. H. Hope's Eoyal Blend, the Handioap Selling Eaoe by Mr. S. Ferry's Vanity, the Handicap Pony Race by Mr. W. Kennedy's Vest*, Handicap Steeple Race by Mr. S. Fairy's dipper; and the Plympfem Handicap by Mr. H. 3. Yoans'a Vanity. A3?Z8IAH WATBa OSt THB ADELAIDE Plaiss.— In a recent debate in the Assembly on the subject of boring for artesian water on the plains of Adelaide It waa said that the Government Geologist bad expressed an opinion adverse to water being obtained. This, the Government Geologist informs the Commissioner of Crown Lands, is incorrect, and he forwards a copy of a letter he wrote on February 4 last to Mr. Provia, the Manager of the Dry Creek Smelting Works, which was in reply to one from Mr. Provia as to the probability of artesian water being obtained. The Government Geolo gist concludes his letter by observing: — 'I may add I have always entertained the opinion that artesian water may be. obtained by boring in the tertiary formation of the Adelaide Plains, provided Bitea^ are selected which, amongst other conditions, mart have no* more than a slight elevation above the BealeveL An impression prevails that artesian water will be obtained as a matter of course by boring to great depths. In my opinion the bores should not be sunk deeper than a few feet below the tertiary bedt, which will be found to vary conaider ably and attain their greatert thlckneai near the sea, except In cases where, after passing through the tertiary formation, secondary or some other tonnation not known to exist here at present might be found to underlie,' Thb 'CJHTBraiAL Magazine.' — The December number of this periodical haa been specially prepared for Christmas reading, the only out-and-out solid article In it being one by H. L. Jackson, M. A., on ' Ths Churoh and Modern Thought.' The writer Is convinced that there is great hope for the Churoh— meaning the Church of England — but insists that substantial reformation, having for its aim, amongst other things, the onion of the various religious bodies, Is essential to real comprehensive progress. The rest of the magazine consists of stories, sketches, and poems. The Illustrations are not numerous, the principal being a well-executed engraving of a sta?ned-gla« ' window in thanewCsn tennlal Hall, Sydney. If this la a fair sample of the decorations of this magoifiocal build mjTthey' must *be very cholca. There' Is a triplet of poetical compositions entitled 'In ChJldland.' The verses an prettily written, and are illustrated by clever marginal drawings. David C. Folk, who ia winning a reputation aa the author of bright little stories, supplies a novelette under the heading of 'The Castaway of the Barrier.' It ia a well-told tale, fall of incident and passion. Mr. James Smith discourses upon ' Melbourne in the Fifties,' Introducing interesting reminiscences of men and things. ' One Alone' is a touching story of a golden-haired girl and a pet seagull. Rolf Boldrewood's novel 'Nevermore' is continued, and ia increasing in Inte rest as it prooeeds. 'Howard C. Coghlan' contributes some deeply sentimental verses on 'Love and Sympathy,' aad amons the other poetical pieces are 'The Praying Mantia,' by Louisa N. Meredith; 'A Bunch of Flowers,' taste fully arranged by Everard Digby j 'Love and Ambition/' by 'E. J. T.;' verses setting forth with muoh vividness the disappoint ing effect of ambition when it is made the chief endjof life; and 'Suspense,' by Franoes Tyrrell Gill. The variety of the prose bill-of - fare furnished In this number may be gathered from the fact that In addition to the compositions already enumerated there are articles on' Australian Ghosts,' by W. O. Hodgkinson ; ' The Art of Wooing,' by W. Lowers and F. C. Cowle ,? and very readable sketches and novelettes, such as 'The Shepherd's Blessing,' a story for children, by E. Australie Heron ; ' My Wife,' a singularly patheti ; tale, by Mrs. Percy R. Meggy; and 'Mordccai,' a story by E. Mayhew Bris sender, : PASSBHGX& TbAZFIO TO-.A2TD TEOM AUS tbalia.— The number of passengers arriving at and deputing from the. Semaphore by sea for the month of November,' shows 1,844 in favour of the colonies. The total arrivals were 2,617, end the departnrts 773. This Is the largest number in favour of the colonies, for the present year. ; ''. . =Thb .Gasi' os Jambs Cbawpobd.— We understand that Crawford, the cabman who wao sentenced to Imprisonment for life aadT one whipping of twenty strokes for attempt ing to murder his wife, b so; weak that, he will be unable unless he Improves in health to reoeive the flogging. ubic&bx.; — a lairiy large nnmoer oi spec tators assembled at the Oval on Saturday, and got good value for their money. The Norwoods In under four hoars knocked up 390 against the Adelaides, Lyons playing a most brilliant innings for 133. The Ade laides will bat next Saturday week. The Hindmarah made 144 against the North Ade laides, A. H: Jarvia contributing 57, and seven of the Norths were got rid of for 83, of which A. Hill by fine batting made 49 not out. Shbep job Tasmania.— By ths s.*, Vic torian on Saturday Mr. Weston, Manager for Chief Justice Way at Kadlunga, shipped two valuable Shropshire Down ewe lamba to Mr. Tom Mason, of Carnarvon, Tasmania. This gentleman had previously purchased a ram lamb from the same flook, ; Rusty Wheat.— We have received a bnnoh of wheat heads whioh represent the condition of thousands of acres of crop extending from Clinton northerly and round the head of St. Vincent1 a Gulf. The haada have she app3ir ance of being full, although no: large, bus on examination they are found to be either empty or to contain shrivelled grain. All the damage was done during a few days. Ia numerous cases the reapers will not be pat into the fields. Upon many farmers this bitter disappointment, coming suddenly after the promise of spring had given place to the prospect of an abundant harvest, will fall with disastrous effect. Ths Peninsula has been speoially unfortunate despite the un usual rainfall and the genial season. AUSTEALASIAK ASSOCIATION FOB THS Advancement op Sciskcb.— This morning full particulars are advertised regarding the meetings cf the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science* The rendez vous next year is Melbourne, and every effort win be adopted to make the gathering as successful aa are the annual meetings of the British Association. Ladies as well as gentlemen are eligible for membership. While the members are anxious to enlist those who have an acquaintance with popular science, special or technical knowledge upon gcientifio subjecte is not a neaeasary qualification for membership. It is deaired to make the gathering In Melbourne as suc cessful, from a social point of view, as pos* aible, and to aid in this an influential committee Is at work drawing np plans for hospitality io be shown to visitors, and for entertainments to be held in connection with the meetings. Sir William Clarke, Bart., and the Hon. Colonel Sargood have kindly promised to aid in this work by inviting the members to soolal gatherings at Sunbury and Elaternwick, and a large conversazione will also be held on one evening in the ground! of the University. The Government have placed the sani of £1,000 on the Estimate* to assist in defraying the expenses of the meetings and of the publi cation of the volume of 'Transactions,' a . copy of which will be isiued to every member. The meetings begin on January 7, 1890, »ndr extend over the following seven days, after . which a number of excursions to various places of interest will take plaoe. Intending subscribers should communicate as soon as posiible with the Hon. Secretary of the Association, at the Royal Society's Hall, Victoria-street, Melbourne, or with Frofatf or Pkeskhtatios io Mb. W. Listok, J.P.— Ja Friday evening about forty gentlemen met it the Lord Palmeratoa Hotel, Kapunda, to bid farewell to Mr. William Listen, J.P., who has removed to Adelaide. Mr. H. T. j Morris, J.P., presided, and Mr. W. Lewis, j T.P., occupied ths vice-ohalr. After a sub- 1 stantial spread by Host Moyle several toasts were honoured, the following gentlemen testifying to the work of the gaesi of the evening -.—Messrs. Coles and Glynn, members for the district (both of whom assisted during the evening musically), J. Whaatley, A. Palmer, A. Shakes, W» Patrick, and Dr. Hamilton. Kindly reference waa. also made to Mra. Iiaton, who waa always ready to assist the poor of the town. The following address was presented to Mr. listen during the evening. It was the work of Mrs. Benham, and waa a nice piece of artistic work:— ??Kapunda, September, 1889. To William LIstos, Esq. Your Kaponda friends are un willing to let the occasion of your departure from the town pass without some expression of the feelings of esteem and goodwill so widely entertained towards yea. The re putation for high character and ability whioh ; you brought with you to Kapunda upwards of twenty-three years ago has been if possible strengthened by personal intimacy. The genial disposition that has uniformly dis played itself in your private relations, ths strict integrity that has marked all your transactions, and the fearless moral courag* that has characterized jour efforts in further ance of the public good, have not only commanded our admiration but have secured for yon a lasting place In oar affec tions. Whether it haa beenin the social circle, theaffairaofbuiineB8,orthewiderfieldembrao ing questions of general concern, your ability, high sense of honour, and sterling worth have been conspicuous throughout. We regard you as a patriot in the purest sense of the word, one ever ready to subordinate personal interest to a sense of public duty. It is seldom that Buds Intellectual closeness *nd snob enthusiasm for the public good are found so happily combined. Oar loss we cannot bat regret, bat ft Is oar earnest hope that it will contribute to your gain, and result in the lasting prosperity and happi ness whioh yon so well merit. Signed on behalf of many friends, H. T. Morris, Jenkin Coles, J. A. G. Hamilton, James Shakes, W. H. Benham, H. Jackson, A. W. Eayment, W. Lewis, P. MoM. Glynn, A Thomson, Jomea Scaodrstft, Sober* Nairn, P. M. Millir, Eobert Brewster.' Adklatdh Childksh's Hospital. — The Board of Management met on the 5th inst, when there were present Dr. Curtis (ia the chair), Mesdames A. Campbell, J. Colfcon, L Glyde, L Simmons, B. G. Wilkinson, and K. Wright, Dr. Lendon, Messrs. L. P. L&wrenoe;, C. S. Loader, and H. Mildred. The finanoial statement for November read by tho Hon. Treasurer (Mr. Mildred) showed reosipts £82 4s, Cd., and expenditure (including balanct, for costs of alteration to premises), £170 17a. 5d. The House Surgeon (Dr. Cookaon) re ported the state of the hospital as fol lows:— Admitted, 21 ; diaohargad, 19; deaths, 4; causes of death, broncho-pneumonia, burns, tuberoular meningitis, and diphtheria average number of patieata for the month 31 ; present number, 38. The Secretary ( Mr. Howchin) reported 314 attendances of out patients, including 103 new cases. Ths announcement of tho late Mr. John Martin's bequest to the institution was received with satisfaction. The ladies of the Flower Mission were thanked for the strawberry fete they had gives the inmatea, as were also the Commissioner of Police and the Police Band for the tetter's services on that occasion, The resignations of Mrs. W. J. Brlnd as a member of the Board of Management and of Mies Hill as head nurse were received with much regret. The following gifts were acknowledged :— Mrs. F. Wright, frocks; Mr. H. Datton and a friend, illustrated books and papers; Mrs. Colton, fruit; Meadamea Furnias, A. Walton, and anony mous, old linen; Mrs. Davidson, eggs; Christ Church, North Adelaide, Tynte-streeS Baptist Church, Presbyterian Chorea, Mount Barker, Hen. Dr. Campbell, and Brompton Wcsleyan Sunday-school, flowers. Aooounta to the value of £81 2a. 4d. wero passed for payment; MniiLi MovsHEKXa.— The annual inspso tion of the lancers and the Field Artillery by the General Commandant took place on ; Saturday afternoon. The cavalry mastered [rather poorly,' viz., forty-one nonoommla : sloned officers and men, under Major Bowell I and Captains Dean and fiowelL Their appear janoe was satisfactory so far as smartness and equipment went, the men being a body of fine smart fellows, while the horses ara fairly . good. The lancers handle their steeds well, ; and have a soldierly appearance, but both men and hones ought to have more drill. They have, however; evidently bene fited by the riding-school exercise, under their Instructor. The artillery turned out with six suns, under Major Hardy. They mustered sixty- three, and reached the field at MonteSore about 3.30, The guns were in excellent order, and the men showed to advantage, but the hones behaved rather erratically, confirming the oft-expressed opinion that It is a mistake to horse the guui with animals whioh work all the wees In trollies or drays, and are used for military duty at intervals few and far between. One of the leaders played up freely in the early part of the afternoon, and several times the movements of the battery were discounted by this restivenesa, The animals pressed into service, are not accustomed to the rapid movements of artillery, and do not take kindly to it. General Downes, attended by Uolonel Matthews, ; Major Gordon, and Lieutenant Tomkinson, carefully inspected the battery, and indisated certain points where improvement might be effected. Church of Engird Institute. —A straw berry flte and cake fair for the benefit of the Chnrch of England Institute was held at the residence of Mrs. J, C. Bray, Hutt-street, on Saturday, under the patronage of the Countess of Kintore, who waa preaent daring the afternoon. There waaalargeattendanoeof viaitors.and the stalls which were presided ove by Mra. Frampton, Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. Evans, the Misses McMinn, and Miss Fisher, assisted by a bevy of young ladies, appeared to be well patronised. The whole affair waa a great success, and Bhould provide a Bubstea tial contribution to the funds of the In stitute, Towx Hall, Nobwood.— A fancy fair and produce sale waa held in the above hall on Saturday afternoon and evening. It waa promoted by Mrs. T. D. Porter and Miss Creawell, aided by a committee of ten other ladies, with the object of creating a fund in erdertoprovidethedeservlngpoorof thenelgh bourhood with some little extra cheer at the forthcoming Christmas Bcason. It proved a great Bucoess, and waa attended by upwards of l,2uO visitors. At half-past 2 the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. Thomas utepp) declared the fair opened. BuBiness proved very briBk throughout the day, and at olosing time nothing remained unsold. The takings of the various stalls amounted to £126. The large hall presented a very gay appearanoe, being tastefully decorated and hung with bunting, whilat the various stalls were artistically draped and bedecked. In the afternoon a promenade concert was successfully carried out, and daring the evening Bago's String Sand gave savaral choice aeleotiona. Electbic Motors.— The great change which London will soon witness In the sub stitution of electricity for gas will be at least equalled by the substitution of electric motors for horses in afreet traffic (remarks the Daily News). On a recent night, shortly before midnight, a trip with an exper mental electric oar on the tramline from the Plough Inn, Clapham, to Blaokfriars Bridge, showed what the performance , of tha new and improved vehlole will be like. The Plough Inn, renowed in the coach ing days, is witnessing the transition from old world locomotion to new. The run of four miles to the bridge was done within the half hoar, but the time might have been much lesa. The object of the trip waa to teat the driver's control over the car. The control was perfect. With a torn of a switch Mr. Farman drove ahead at twelve miles an hour, with another ho brought the car, in a few aeoonda, to a dead halt. The car weighed aix tons and a half, or a ton and a half more than the new style of oar to be used a few weeks hence, Thirty-eight cells on ettner Bide of the oar, hidden below the seats— leventy-elsht cells In all— communicated 'the motive force to armature over the axles. The electrical apparatus can easily be fitted on to the hone- trams now used, should the Companies desire to utilize them in that way. The motion was delightfully smooth. The appearanoe of this horseless, ateamlesa oar sliding along aatoniahed the passers by very . considerably. So muoh for the experimental car. The new oar, a finer struoture, will carry forty-four passengeis, and, If necessary. It can be used aa a locomo tive, that Is, to draw other loads of pas sengers besides its own. It Is a model of neatness said oompactnees. Within the narrow space beneath the inside seats the car will contain apparatus stored with an amount of electric energy sufiiolent for twelve hours' work, in other words, for a total run of 120 miles. Surprising, but true. In foggy days and at night the oar will be lighted with electricity. In fact, the Electric Tramway Company intend to do the two things from one and the tame establishment— to drive cars and light house by electricity. If the performances of the new car prove satisfac tory, the new method will be -extended aa speedily as possible over London. The possible magnitude of an eleotrip tramway traffic In London may be realized from the fact that the present horse tramway Com panies carry 150,000,000 passengers a year. Thi Spahbow ht thb Unhid States,— The British Consul In Baltimore, In a recent report, says that people in America are turning their energies to the destruction oi the house-sparrow, called there the English sparrow. The ill will towards the bird ia universal; it Is described as the deadly enemy of the gardener and fruitgrower; it ia accused of destroying large quantities of grain, defiling buildings, refusing to eat American insects, and driving away the native birds which prey upon worms and caterpillars. Previous to 1850 the house sparrow was unknown In America, bat sub sequently pairs were taken over the country. In 1870 the migration westward began, and the sparrow has now spread over half the continent. He thrives and multiplies equally In the Southern States and In Canada, In -Maryland a pair will nave from four to aix broods of five each in ths course of a single season, and an ingenious individual has calculated that the progeny of a Bingle pair will under favourable oircum atancea amount in ten years to 270,000,000 birds. The Consul does not think the accusations against the sparrow are well founded. The native birds axe mostly migra tory, axd are killed for the feathers, which are in great demand for milliners, and in Canada the sparrow lives amicably with the natives of bia kind. One cause of the In crease of the sparrow ia the legislation known aa the Scalp Acts, offering rewards for ths destruction of hawks, owls, weasels, Ac. In Pennsylvania alone an average of $60,000 is paid every year for this irarpose. The gnat ' blizzard' of March, 1888, destroyed multi tudes of sparrows, and in oonseqaenoe the Iaat two summers have shown a vast increase in grubs and oattorpillara, and In many large cities complaints are made of the conse quent destruction of ornamental trees. Ths Canadian Appli Cbop.— The pro spects, of the coming Canadian apple crop (says an exchange) are exciting much interest just now after the large shipments and disas trous speculation of laat year, and particu larly in consideration of expected short comings in the Bimilar crop in this country and on the Continent, According to ths Trade Bulletin of Montreal, reports from points between that centre and Toronto indi cate Bi veiy short yield there also ; in f aot, sufficient evidence haa already bean re ceived to substantiate that Bormiae almost beyond a doubt. A correspondent writ ing from Pioton on the crop in Prinoe Edward County Bays:— 'The apple crop appeara to be about one-half lesa than thai of last year. Different growers entertain various opinions regarding its exact proportion to that oi last year, but they nearly all concur in atating that the crop is a small one,' In some of the moat important apple sections west of Toronto the reports are also very discouraging, advices from Hamilton stating that in a number of districts there will not be over a fourth of an average crop, whilst a oorreapondent writes from Burlington Bay to the effect that he has been through a large number of orohards, and come to the oonclosion that the hang of winter fruit ia very little over a fourth of that of a yew ago. The outlook in New York State is said to be discouraging. Baldwins will fall considerably short of laat year's production, but further advices -will have to be received before an approximate eatimate can be formed ox the probable yield of the principal apple-producing State of the Union. The crop in Michigan, however; whioh Is an Important one, promises to be heavy, whioh means that it may possibly makeup for the deficiency ia New York State. Thx uxab Aim shb Shah.— I lean (writer Truth) thai the Emperor of Eosai* has been both lnforiated and terrified by the aocident to the 8hah's special train, the official report on whioh disaster was laid before him when be reached St. Petersburg. The embank ment along whioh the train was running limply collapsed, the aocident being an exact repetition of the .ene whioh befell the Imperial train at Borki last year,, and the ' Emperor is now convinced that, all the Uoaalan railways are rotten, so that, in the event of war, there would be a complete failure in the transport arrangements, and if the railways are all wrong His Majesty justifiably concludes that probably he would find his army and navy in a similar condition when the time of trial arrives, The Emperor is, as I have often before remarked, in constant dread of assassi nation, and this state of ever-present fear, added to tha hereditary melancholy of the Romanoff family, has bo utterly shattered his nerves that for days together he is praofci cally not responsible for his actions. The Bmperor smokea incessantly, and not only endeavours to Buatain his spirits by copious libations of champagne [and brandy, but of late he has taken to dragging himself with chloral. By the way, the Shah ia bo thoroughly convinced that the aocident to hia train was a canning plot devised for his destruction that Bince his return to Teheran he haa refused to receive Prince Dolgorouki, the RuEaian Minister, Thb German Cbowk.— A new Prussian Crown baa (writes a Berlin correspondent) just been made at the command of the Emperor William II., and has been delivered to him. The form is the Bame aa that of tbe old one, but the croirn is richer and more tasteful. The diamonds and pearls are taken from the Treasury of the Eoyal House, and are of great value. The crown weighs three German (i.e. 3*3 English) pounds ; the dia monds alone weigh about 750 carats. The frame ia of Bolid gold. The broad lower rim contains 24 diamonds as large as walnuts, and of Btrikin? beauty ; they are set in fine chaa ingB in the baroque style. Bound the rim rise eight olover leavea of splendid effect, the parts being formed of the finest diamonds. From these leaves rise eight hoops, adorned with 73 diamonds. Between these hoops rise very beautiful ornament*, each bearing a diamond in its middle, and a pearl the size of an acorn on its point. The whole 18 Burmounted by. the apple of tbe Empire, consisting of a single large sapphire. This enormous jewel Is surmounted bv the cross, which is adorned with eighteen diamonds. The effect is enhanced by the purple velvet whioh lines it within, The crown is made to lit the head of tbe Empsror William II. exactly. In the new crown shaped diadem of the Empress, whiah she wore for the first time at the wedding of her sister, the Princess Frederick Leopold, eleven of the finest- and largest pear-shaped pearla are set in the moat elegant silver orna ments, adorned with more than 1*500 diamonds. These costly jewels are also taken from the Treasury of the Eoyal House. Thi Poor Czab.— The Emperor of Russia (writes Truth) ia in aata'.e of panic which can neither be imagined nor described. It was given out that he would be the guest of the German Emperor at the Marble Palace, Pots dam; and when all kinds of expensive pre parations had been made there he deoided that he would be safer In Berlin, and a large sum was expended In arranging for his recep tion at the Sohlose. Finally, only one day before the Emperor arrived, Count Schouva loff received a telegram from Copenhagen to Intimate that His Majesty would alight at the Buaaian Embassy, and the message was quickly followed by the arrival oi the Im perial workmen, seven in number, who now go in advanoe of the Emperrr whenever and wherever he travels. Theve are two car penters, two masons, two locksmiths, and a foreman! They most carefully examine the chimneys, locks, flooring, walla, and f ami ture of the house whioh the Emperor is to occupy, and his own apartments are sub jected to the most rigorous search. The chimneys are objects of special attention, and every flue which leads to a room whioh the Emneror is likely to enter Ia thoroafzhlv barred both top and bottom ; and, aa if these . precautions were not sufficient, police agents from St. Petersburg patrol the roof both night and day. Both in appearance and in manner the Emperor has become a Mus covite of the old Cossack type. He is a colossal figure, being » giant both in. height and in girth, quite bald, with a flat nose, an immense' sweeping moustache, and a atupen doua beard, wniob flows over his ohest* A Toilet EesjCibitb.— In this hot climate frequent bathing is essential to the preserva tion of health, and no house Ia complete1 without a bath. Of the many adjuncts to the toilet now in use none excels in ita exquisite fragrance the delicate preparation known as Pasta Mack; it is a harmless . preparation, and no lady should fail to pro vide herself with a supply. Pobt Adxlaidb Begatxa.— On Friday laat the committee entruated wish the arrange ments ol the Port Adelaide Regatta, to, be held on New Year's Day, met under ths pre sidency of the Mayor. The prize- list and races were carefully gone through, and leveral new races added Io ths already large programme. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office daring the week ended Saturday, November 30. were :-Hlrths— 125 msiee, 109 females: deaths— 41 males, 41 females ; total —234 births, 82 deaths. Excess of births, 152\. The District of Adelaide.— Births— 22 males, 25 femaleej deaths— 12 males, IS females ; total— 47 births, 25 deaths. Exeats of births. 23. Ths EADTfALL. — The following Is the rainfall for the twenty-four hours ending December 7, at 9 a,m.:— Barrow Creek, 0*020; Alice Springs, 0-040; Peake, 0*040; Anna Creek, 0-020. Thk Gknebal Elections.— By advertise ment Mr. Alfred Gore announces himself as a candidate at the ensuing general elections for the District of North Adelaide. He also gives a summary of his opinions upon several of the prominent questions of the day. Ctcusts' Totjmko Association or South Australia.— A general meeting of members and intending members will be held at Ware's Exchange, Hindley-atreet, this even ing. St. John's School.— An entertainment in aid of the Classroom Fond is announced for this evening. PBODUCaBS' DSTSKCK AsSOCIATIOKi— The adjourned meeting will on held WMugnt, AUSTRALIA!? NaTITSS1 ASSOCIATION.— The fortnightly meeting takes place this evening. 