Obr ^pîmcp attorning £rrafii 1 SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1889. LADY Charles Scott held her first "At Home," at Admiralty House, Kirribilli Point, yesterday afternoon. The reception lasted about an hour and a-half, the visitors being welcomed by Lady Charles Scott, as well as by the Admiral. NEWS of an extensive colliery strike comes from Belgium. Ten thousand men are out. It is stated that the British consul in South-east Africa is annexing territory on the shores of Lake Tanganyika on behalf of Great Britain. THE Russian influenza, which has so suddenly affected Europe, is interfering a good deal with the ordinary course of trade and commerce. Both the Czar and the now King of Portugal aro suffering from it, and the Russian army is badly affected. The malady is very prevalent in France. It also appears to be dangerous, 6 per cent, of those attacked having succumbed to its effects. The cases of the disease reported in England are all of a mild character. Mr. TOOLE and his company leave for Australia in the R.M.S. Britannia. IT is estimated by Mr. F. O. Licht that the European beet crop of the present season will give a surplus of 631,000 tons of sugar. SUCCESSFUL experiments with a submarine tor- pedo boat have been made off the coast of Spain. The boat reappeared four miles from the spot where it vanished. AT Lismore yesterday the sports held in connec- tion with the Roman Catholio Bazaar were well attended. AT an inquest at Yarrunga, upon the body of William Noyea, a Vernon boy, the jury found that the deceased met his death by drowning, but there was no evidence to show whether it was the result of accident or otherwise. According to Mr. Habble, one of the valuators under the Pastoral Lands Act for South Australia, rabbits in the north and north-east of the colony are very numerous. IN connection with the shooting affray at New- castle, the man Robinson and his wife have im- proved, and are now considered out of danger. Mr. Perry, M.L.A., told the electora of Ballina yesterday that there were no stronger protectionists in the House than Mr. Ewing and himself, but he would not surrender his individual independence at the mandate of Mr. Dibbs. The Eastern Extension Telegraph Company have given orders for the manufacture of a duplícale cable to be put down between Sydney and New Zealand. IT is reported from Kiama that the sohoonor Scotia, owned by Captain George Robertson, of Forest Lodge, has become a total wreck on the North Side of Blow Hole Point. A SAD case of burning occurred at Goulburn. A young girl named Large was lighting a fire with kerosene when her clothes ignited, and she received such injuries that she died shortly afterwards. A STRANGE death of a child near Kiama is re- ported. Tho shock of Boeing " a ghost" in a juve- nile game brought on parálysis which ended fatally. IN another column we print the results of the examinations lately held in connection with the University of Sydney. Ma. GLADSTONE will attain his 80th birthday to- morrow. He is to be presented by his wife with an address from the Legislative Assombly of New South Wales. The address, which was forwarded to Mrs. Gladstone some time since, says that "amongst the results of your noble and successful labours, mil- lions of your countrymen have been raised to the rank of enfranchised citizens; the incalculable benefits of education have been extended to the children of a grateful people ; and free institutions have boen granted to the colonies of the empire." ACCORDING to a message in a bottle, found at the Heads at Wellington, all the crew of the County of Canarvon had been washed overboard, with the ex- ception of three, "who did not expect to survive an hour as the vessel was then sinking." AN intercolonial railways cricket match betwoen Victoria and New South Wales was commenced in Melbourne yesterday. IN the import markets yesterday there was little to notice, trade being of almost a retail character. New South Wales wheat was being offered freely from the western and southern districts. THE amount of Customs revenue collected yester- day was £5645. The writer of our "English Gossip," under the data of November 22, states that with the season of frosts and fogs come the annual suggestions for relieving tbe London atmosphere of its smoke. One of the great hopes of the future in regard to the purification of the atmosphere belongs to the possibilities of electricity. THE electric light is (our correspondent states) becoming more and more popular. Within the next eighteen months several large districts of London will be supplied with the electric light, not simply for the streets, but for private houses. Proposals have also been made to the London County Council for the introduc- tion of electric omnibuses in the streets, and a scheme is to come before Parliament for an electric underground railway from Hyde Park to the Bank of England. THE writer adds that in spite of continued rumours to tho contrary, the health of the Prince of Wales has of late greatly improved, and he is, in fact, in his normal condition of good spirits and physical capacity. THE Intercolonial Cricket Hatch, Victoria v. New South Wales, was continued at Melbourne yester- day. Amongst the visitors were the Governor and the Countess of Hopetoun. The Victorian score stood on Thursday at 239 for nine wickets. The innings now closed for 251. New South Wales in the first innings made 109 and in the second there is a score of 91 for one wicket. AT the eighth annual meeting and dinner in connection with the Commercial Travellers' Asso- ciation of New South Wales yesterday, a report was presented, showing the number of members on the roll to be 100, and the number of club mem- bers 47. THE shipping arrivals yesterday include the steamers Victoria and the Star of Victoria from London, via ports, with general merchandise ; the value of the latter's cargo was £44,000. The ship Battle Abbey also arrived with a general cargo valued at £40,800. IT is stated that Peter Kemp, the Hawkesbury sculler, who has claimed the championship, is per- fectly agreeable to measure blades with either M'Lcan or Neil Matterson, three weeks after the date of their race. Whatever may be the ultimate result of Sir HENRY PARKES'S efforts to promote Aus- tralian federation, there can be no doubt that his action has already had one very important practical outcome. The an- nouncement of his scheme of federation, and the general attention which it has excited in all parts of the world, has had the effect of arousing an interest in the Austra- lian colonies which never before existed. People, it would seem, who, up to the pre- sent, have hardly heard of Australia, have now perforce been made aware that a group of colonies, located somewhere in the South Seas, has become of sufficient importance, politically and commercially, to seek for federation into one great dominion. Others, whose acquaintance with us was perhaps a little more extended, are now placed in a position to realise for the first time the political level to which we have attained. Nor is the feeling thus crented confined to the centre of government in London, it is spread through- out the United Kingdom. This may be gatherod from the fact that the PREMIER, as stated in a paragraph which appeared in our yesterday's issue, has received another batch of English and Scottish newspaper criticisms on his federal proposals, the total num- ber of journals which have ex- pressed their opinions on the subject being now placed at 100. The most remarkable feature of the whole affair is that these comments come from all parts of the country, and are not confined to the metropolis alone. We have already dealt with the statements made by the metropolitan journals with regard to this question, and it was to be expected that those papers should freely express their opinions on a matter of such import- ance, affecting the welfare of a prosperous portion of the Empire. But it was hardly to be expected that the provincial English papers would take an equally keen interest in the question, for, as a general rule, these organs of public opinion ignore Australian doings. They are, to an ex- tent which few people here realise, intensely local, and their readers knew little and it may be care less about Australia, unless they happen to have some relative or friend who has emigrated and settled in the colonies. The com- plaint has often been made that the great London papers do not give a sufficient amount of space to Australian matters, and the complaint applies with even greater force to the provincial press. All this being true of an ordinary occurrence, stamps the PREMIER'S proposition as an event of an extraordinary character, for in this instance neither with regard to metro- politan nor provincial papers have the Australians any well-grounded reason to complain of lack of interest. Naturally, whilst the PREMIER'S pro- posals have to a large extent advertised Australia, they have also in an equal degree brought Sir HENRY PARKES into prominence as a leading statesman, and have placed his name in the mouths of thousands who had probably never heard of him before. There ia no need to regret this, or to grudge the PREMIER any share of personal glorification which he may derive from his scheme, as long as its ultimute result is to benefit Australia as a whole, and to increase the welfare and prosperity of her people. These things afford a pleasing evidence of the fact that the old order is passing awav, that ignor- ance is giviug place to knowledge however superficial, and indifference to interest, even if only of a passing nature. The time has gone by when a Secretary of State for the Colonies could, as the late ROBERT LOWE frequently did, nonplus his Parliamentary opponents by asking them the names of the different Australian colonies. Any Minister who tried this experiment now would find that many members knew the names of the various colonies, even if their knowledge extended no further. The home interest in Australian matters has been in fact, up to the present, of an ex- tremely restricted character, and the announcement that those colonies were ripe for federation has come rather as a surprise. Few people, for instance, beyond those who had mode a special study of the question, know that for some yeurs past the so-called Fedoral Council had been in existence, nor did they understand that the limited scope of discussion, and the total absence of executive power which characterised this body, prevented it from nchioving the end which its promoters desired. The whole Australian question was left to Parliamentarians to concern themselves with, as being one which had not yet risen above the horizon of practical politics. The recent course of events has, how over, altered all this, and the Australians, whilst appreciating the importance which their affairs have suddenly assumed, have also reason to bo pleased with the fair and unbiassed nature of the criticism which the federal proposals have excited. The general tone of the comments Is tho- roughly in keeping with the characteristio desire of the Englishman to see fair play, " Let them try it," is the general sugges- tion, and none has gone further than to point out the difficulties which lie in the way, and to suggest how they may best ba overcome. The only aspect of union which has hitherto appealed to the Eng- lish mind has been that advocated by the promoters of Imperial Federation, and the colonial scheme, being a distinctly novel proposal, has been mainly regarded in rela- tion to the effect which it may bave in hastening or retarding Imperial Federa- tion. It has now begun to dawn upon the English people that Colonial Federation must necessarily be accomplished before Imperial Federation can even be talked of, and that, in fact, the union of the Austra- lian colonies may assist, rather than retard, the progress of the larger scheme. Many of the leading journals recognise the fact that negotiations can be cnriied on much u.oro easily* with one central Dominion Govern- ment than with a number of separate and often antagonistic colonies, and thoy there- fore gently approve of Australian federa- tion, and, metaphorically speaking, pat it and its promoters on the back. The growth of self-government must, it is felt, tend to strengthen and increase the feeling of self-Teliance which already exists in these .oloniee, and should that feeling go on increasing, the English statesmen of the present day are much too wise and far seeiug to repeat the mistake of the last century, and to attempt to keep important colonies in a state of subjection against their will. They welcome colonial federa- tion because it will give them only one central Government to deal with instead of many, and thoy feel that any attempt on their part to stay the inevitable march of events would bo worse than useless. Whatever may bo the result of federation, it cannot, at any rate, weaken the tie which binds us to the mothor country, and the probability is that it may strengthen it_ _ The death of SEARLE and the honours that champion received have fét people thinking and writing about athleticism, and brain and muscle worship, and tho practice of heromalring generally. The question suggested is a broader one than that concerning the lightful holder of the aquatic championship of the world, for in young communities like these where the popular sentiment has yet to form it is a matter of the greatest importance that we Bhould be wary in our hero making, and careful to bestow our worship in the right direction. Of course it is a proper and a fitting thiDg that men like SHAIILK, who cross the world to carry the name of Austrulia to the front in sporting or indeed in any other creditable circle, should be encouraged by the bert praise that our people can give them m their degree. These champions of ours make the colonies known and keep them well before the world as centres ot physical life and social activity. ».» have had so much to complain of m the past on the ground of Britt* ignorance of Australian affairs, that we ara quite able to assess the bold advertisement our athletes give us at its right value. We might be advertised in nobler ways, perhaps, and certainly there are other methods of making a country known uwu as the training-ground of the men w» j bear away the athletic honours of w world. But everything has its use« in iw own way, and there is no reason beean* New South Wales is famous for pro« mew oonia waies m io»-.-.. -i ,. champion boat-pullers that she should not become ¡still more worthily celebrated for turning out something nob» and better. Other things will come w» time, and meanwhile the question le w» raised as to whether or not this enthu« astio worship of athleticism in »*. va" . forms has a tendency to stunt developm«» in those other directions that may be classed among the nobler and better. We decidedly think that there is no serious reason for fearing anything what- ever of the kind. There is no good ground for believing that a manly appreciation of healthy field sports, even to the verge of enthusiasm, need necebsaiily detract from the chances of intellectual or any other achievement. To begin with, there must bo a healthy enthusiasm in any sport to make it worth going on with for its own sake. If that spur i* wanting the sport or athletic pur- suit, of whutever kind it may be, is very likely to expire dismally enough of inani- tion. It may, indeed, bo kept olive for a time in the interests of speculative persons, but it degenerates in such lianas as these, and becomes not a sport ut all but a aystomatised gamble, or a discreditable swindle. And if there is enthusiasm in the pursuit of sport there will be a corre- sponding enthusiasm on behalf of the successful prizemen, the best guarantee of the intrinsic bona fide» of the whole thing being the unstinted applause of distant admirers and unsuccessful rivals alike, for the honour of him who ha3 borne away tho prize. Sport carried out on the>-e legitimate lines is not only a physical training but a mental education as welL It trains the body to do and to endure and to sustain the strain of life and competi- I tion under existing high-pressure condi« j tiona. It would be a poor thing to enter ¡ in an intellectual race with a physicul I frame unfitted to carry the required j weight. And the lesson of success and defeat which the gymnast learns in the field he can apply in all the changing circumstances and successes and reveroes of life, without ever having cause to regret the training which taught him to bear good or evil fortune with u calm mind. Of course no one will care to say from this that the successful gymnast is the person best fitted to succeed in oil the re- lations of life. It is woll known that the University mon at home who have all the cups and trophies are not always high up in the lists for academical honours, and of course it is not to be expected that the muscular creature who wins all the belts in the glove contests, or the silver sculls or the challenge shields, will have any very special gift for burning the midnight oil. Extremes in any direction leave very little room for anything else, ann there is certainly a tendency on the part of those who are carried away by tho fervour of athleticism to neglect the humanities and the belles lettres. It is only another in stanoo of the danger of going to extremes in any direction, and perhaps in this con- nection it will not be going too far to say that the mere creature of animal propen- sities and over-developed muscle, inno- cent of nerves and happily forgetful of his brains, if he ever had any,is really one of the most unpleasant developments that even a school of more animalism could turn out. In so far as the pcrfcrvid enthusiasm of the Australian people for athletic sports and athletic champions may have any power to propagate a weedy growth of this kind, it is not unwise to surround it with judicious checks. We are not pre- pared to say that there is yet anything to warrant the observer in coming to any Buch conclusion. But tho danger in the abstract is self-suggestive, and it certainly would never do to rear a race of people in Australia who applied themselves to the enthusiastic cultivation of muscle to the ignominious neglect of brain. In this matter, as in everything else, extremes on either side are best avoided, and safety is surest in the mean that is always to bo found somewhere or other between them. In a climate like ours, which drives people into the open air almost against their will, it would be absurd to decry a legitimate interest in field-spot ts even were they otherwise mo- derately undesirable. It is the instinct of Australians to go in for sport, and to do well whatever they do in this as in any other direction. Judicious indulgence in this kind of public recreation will not only go fur to counteract the enervating effects of climate, but it must also do much to build up a strong and hardy lace, physically able to work out the destinies of the continent. If athleticism is good in this way, the glorification of great models in those fields is also good, for they provide at once a standard and an incentive for the others. And although for the present the interest in athletics and athletic champions may be greator with us than the interest in letters or politics or ort, or any other pursuit of the kind, so that a statue to a dead statesman fsilla through while a memorial to a deceased sculler is set up with enthusiasm, it is not at all certain that in an indirect but not the less effective way wo are preparing the giound all the time for future excellence in these things on a surer busis. | It has been said at various times that the law of libel as laid down by Judges in this colony is more stringent than the law us laid down by Judges in England, or that the tendency of the latter for some time past has been in the dh ac- tion of greater freedom. One of tho latest cases heard in England was that of Besant v. IIosk> a% befoie Mr. Buron HUDDLESTON, Towards the close of 1888, Mrs. BESANT was a candidate for election as a member of the London School Board, and was re- turned at the head of the poll. On tho eve of the election an anonymous handbill attacking her as a candidate was widely circulated by the defendant, the Rector of Stepney. The concluding puragruph of this handbill set forth in a single sentence what purported to be a freethinker's description of " the prac ticul outcome of her teaching." In this, the plaintiff contended, the libel chipfly . consibted. The time of the Court was | taken up to a large extent by reading i passages from the plaintiffs works, for the defendant justified the libel and ' pleaded privilege. The plaintiff denied ' the accuracy of the charges made against her, and repudiated some of the opinions which she wassaid to j have put forth. We shall not enter into , the discussion of thet>e questions. The ! point of interest lies in the summing up of the Judge. He told the jury in the first place that the defendant, admitting the publication, said, " in substance it WAS true. If that were so, that was a com- plete answer." Here the doctrine of subntantial truth has been rejected, and it has been held that under a plea of justifi- cation the truth of an alleged libellous statement must bo proved up to the hilt. His Honor next told the jury that " the defendant had ploadod that from his posi- tion and his knowledge of the plaintiffs doctrines it was his duty to declare to the electors what ho honestly I believed waa the outcomo of her teaching, and to warn them against her, and that consequently the libel waa privileged. . . . Ile held that the circumstance* under which the defendant had issued this hand- bill made it a privileged occusion. They would have to say whether at the time of such publication the defendant honestly believed what the libel charged. If he did not, then the privilege wits gone. The chatge need not be true if tho belief in it was at the time honest and reasonable, and for no sinister motive but for the one mentioned by the defendant." Now, it is to be observed, first, that the alleged libel was not a matter of comment, but an al- leged statement of fact ; and next it may bo asked whether the duty of a clergyman to interfere in public elections is such tis to render adherence to the truth on hi« port-unnecessary when publishing wlmt purport to be representations of fact, [whilst at the same time a newspaper which exists for the purpose of inlorming [tind'developing public opinion upon public > affairs cannot in doing so pretend to any I protection on the ground of privilege or duty | or honest and reasonable belief, but must be answerable for tho absolute accuracy of all it stiys. As the jury did not agre» in this case and were discharged, it is just possible that there may be another hear- ing before another Judge, and we may then learn whethor the very broad view of privilege set forth by Mr. Baron HUDDLESTON will bo supported. A German newspaper has compiled statistics with the view of showing the cost of " national defence " to the different countries of Europe. It is not necessary to repeat tho figures which were given yesterday. What invites comment is the fact, according to German authority, that taking into account population and revenue, Great Britain pays more for purposes of defence than any of the Continental Powers, Russia only excepted, while Ger- many pays less than any other Power. England has not yet adopted universal military service, for which neglect, says the German wxiter, she will have to pay dearly some day. Compared with the mighty hosts which the Continental Powers are able to bring into the field, her army is a mere handful of men, and yet her na- tional defences, it is alleged, are far more burdennome than those of Ger- many. In the estimation of the compiler of the figures, Great Britain is badly pro- tected, and yet has to pay a ruinous defence bill. It must be admitted that the 'figure« at first eight aro somewhat disconcerting, but if we look into them more closely they wt»ar a dif- ferent aspect. Whutever money for warlike purposes is expondod by Germany, Franco, or Russia, goes chiefly for the defence of territory und the maintenance of a military position. If Great Britain were "content with defending herself frjra attack a very moderato expenditure would meet the case. But her naval forces, which absorb the greater por- tion of the money expended, ure used not only for the defence of the country and the extensive possessions of the Empire, but for the protection of the enormous commerce which has grown up under the British flag. This commerce is the keystone of English prosperity, and the nation can afford to pay for its protection a sum which seems enormous when ouly tho population of the British Isles is taken into consideration. If the value of English commerce is compared with the amount expended for its protec- tion it will bo found that the naval bill, regarded as un insurance fund, is not so extravagant as the German authority tries to make out. Questions of I this sort must bo looked at broadly and comprehensively, or the critic will be led astray. AT a meeting of the Exeoutive Committee of the Trades Hall Company, hold in tho temporal y build- ings last night, the desirability of at oucu completing the Trades Hull was again warmly discu-ssd, and the following motion was unani- mously carried:-"That a Building Coin mitteo to consist of five members, be appointed to draw up a report upon tho continuation of the Goulbum-streot frontage to Dixon-street, and tho material requiroi" Sitioo tho t-mipoiary building-» bavo boen available, all the space has boen nightly occupied, and numerous applications frota' trade soc.eties have been refuted. THE condition of the défonce woiks by -which Sydney is to be protected from attack in a inatlerof such importance to all the Australian coionio--, re- marks tho Melbourne Argus, that it is only natural consider»blo interest shouM bo taken in the report of Mtijur-Qoneral Edwards on the subject, which has just been made public. according to this report the Sydney dofencoB appear to bs by no moans so complete as they should be, and to le, very far from affording our neigh- bours fb.it immunity which is on many grounds desirable. It is easy to see how the ?.OBition of the other colonies is affected by tbis fact. In the first place, as the General pointe I out, Sydney would be tho base of operations of the Australian squadron and should, therefore bo made as impregnable as eui*h an important link in the chain of defence can be made. Further, it is evident that the strength of this chain is only that ot its weakest link It will be little use for Mel- bourne to fortify herself and malio horaolf soenro from invasion if an enemy is to bo nble to tura the Victorian flank by effecting a binding in Sytlnev. In such a case, too, every available man of the land forces belonging to the other colonies would have to be sent away to détend the weak spot where the eno ny had brok*n through, It H impossible, therefore, for tho Australian colonial generally to bo indifforcnt to tho fact that ono of thoir number s<*ems hardly as well pio-ected as she ought, in the interest of all, to be. At the same time, tliore can be no eorious ground for appre- hension in the matter. 'I ho incompleteness of the Sydney defences is probably duo, not to negligence, but to want of knowledge how to com- pleta them in the best and most serviceable manner. G-enoral Edwards' report now furnishes our neighbours with the information thus required, and, moreovor, makos it olear that not very much ¡B wanted to make the capital of New South Wales reasonably secure. Now that the uiotber colony koowa what to do and how to do it, the energy and public spirit of \er citizens may fairly be trusted to do What is needful. At tho same time it may be pointed ont how etron'g a proof is thus afforded of tho advisability of putting all mattera that per- tain to tho common defence of the continent under I ommon or federal control. A3 has been arranged with the Admiral, Lord Charles Scott, the homeward-bound crews from 1I.M.S. Egeria and II.M.S. Royalist will embark on board tho steamer Port Victor on Now Yeai's Day, and will leave Sydney next day. The Tort Victor will vory likely go to Portsmouth, via Colombo. No other Australian port will bo called at after sho leavo3 Sydney. About 300 blue jackets will embark, and the 'tween decks are fitted up for their reception, as in the case of the outward-bound crews. The marines are provided with bunks, and the crow with hammocks. The tables are fitted so as to lift out of tho way, thus le iving a clean deck during the greator part of tho day. The äbip's saloon is at tlio disposal of the officers. " Captain Bird looks forward to making even a faster lun homo than he did to Sydney, so that tho Port Victor as a troopship, should i,iv» tho Admiialty overy satisfaction, the outward voyage being very favourably apoltcn of by the officers of the now crows. The steamer takua about 6000 bales of wool and 200 tons of bullion and ore in hor lower holds. Lwsr CHAULES SCOTT held her first "AtHome," at Admiralty House, Kirribilli Point, yesterday aflcrnoon, and notwithstanding the extremely op- pressive state of tho weather, it was.well attended. The reception lasted about nn hour and a half, the visitors being wolcomed by Lady Charles Scott, as well as by the Admiial. 'lho band of II.M.S. Orlando was st'itioned in the gardens, and played un excellent selection of m uric. Refreshments were served on the largo verandah overlooking tho lawn and harbour. The visitor», numbering about SOO, included all tho officers of the ships of war now in port, as well a3 officers who have recently been reliovod from duty on board li. M.S. Itoyilist aud H.M.S. Egeria. Amongst tho naval officers wero Captain Barlow, D.S.O., Staff- Commander Brent, Commander Egerton, and Flag-Lioutonant Fitz- gerald, H.M.S. Orlando; Captain Old ham, Egeria ; Captain Davis Bovnli-it ; Captain Alkn, Swingor ., Captain Wyloy, llavon ; and Captain Castlo, Rapid. Tbo visitors alto in- cluded Captain and Mrs. nixson. Captain and Miss Aline Broomfield, Judge and Mrs. Docker, Judgo and Miss Forbes, Lady Manning, Mrs. Burdekin, tbo lion. Peter and Miss Faucjlt, Captain and MM. Eldred, and Dr. and Mrs. Kyngdon. AMONO the addresses which have from time to time been piesented to Sir Ilonry Parkes by^ residents of various patts of the colony ia one from the Muuioipal Council of Tenterfield, which po-fosses a peculiar interest. The majority of tbo addriTses pro'onlcl to the Premier are on an eli borato scale, being richly illutninatad. The Tenterfield addreîs is quite unlike all the others, being very unpretentious in design, and yoe it orokes the admiration of nil beholders who may have artistic tastes. The charm of tho address is the border which encloses tho lettering. This border, which is tbo work of a Public school pupil, is composed of a rustic square, ornamented with flowers and foliage The design has been pro- duced with pen and ink, and the work' is exceed- ingly meritorious. By carefully inspooting the border, one finds that it bears thommo of H, T. W. Brennand. Tim order has been given by tbo Eastern Exten- sion Telegraph Compauy for tbo muuut'actuio of a duplícalo cabio to put down between Sydney and Now Zealand. It is expected tua; the new cable will bo laid early next year. Ox Monday nost the Marino Board purpoios holding an official inquiry concerning the stranding of lho eteamor Norkoowa, at Wioek Bay; tbo foundering of tho Adonis ; and yesterday's reported wreck of the schooner Scotia. The P. and O. Company's R M.S. Viotoria landed a large number of passengers yesterday from London. The ship coming directly to the Circular Quay was an advantage to her passengers, en- abling them to step at once ashore and obtain pos- session of their baggage. The Sydney-bound list of passengers included Sir A. K. C. Stepney, M.P.. who is visiting the colonies on a tour, and a good many old colonists returning from a visit to Euiope. These include Mr. G. Merriman, Mr. Woods, and others. Mr. Powell, for many years manager of the London Dock Com- pany, was a passenger to Australia by the Victoria on a visit lo his brother, Mr. James Powell, the colleotor of Customs at this port. The Viotoria leaves on the return voyage this day week. THE Ilouroto, one of the Union Company's steamers, from New Zoaland yesterday, report) an accident with a happy termination, owing to tho bl avery of ODO of tho officers. As the Hauroto was leaving Wellington a man fell off the wharf into the sea. The Ilauroto's third officer, Mr. Claude Perrier, immediately diverted himself of his coat and waistcoat and plunged into the water after the man, and succeeded in effecting his resonó in the presence of a largo number of spectators. It was felt on board that such conduct as Mr. Fcrrier's should receive recognition, and a sub=cription list was opened. Tlio sum was handed to Captain Kennedy to mako a purcha-o for the gallant officer. Captain Kennedy, in addressing Mr. Eerrior, roferrod in eulogistio turras to the courage- ous ant performed, and sevctal passengers thanked Mr. Ferrier for his bravery. OXE of the great carriers of frozen meat, the sieamsr Star of Victoria, is now lying at Circular Quay. The stoamtr is cliartärod to load 30,000 to 40,000 sheep and a large cargo of wool. The immense cargoes of frozen mutton were once shipped only at o-.o or two ports in tho colonies, but nowaday* tho Queensland ports and half a dozen poits in Now Zetland export lnr/e quantities. Not long airo a second rate poi t in Now Zealand devoloped suoh a trade to England in this particular lina that steamers to carry ÍJ0 000 to 80,000 were built especially to trade there, and now Rookbampton, tho port ti which the Star of Victoiia is bound fiom hore, is attracting aomo of the largest vessels in the colonial trade. Two very finn diaught entires for Sydney wero brought out in the Star of Victoria in excellent condition. Thoy wero ' carefully housed and received due attention on the voyaqe. Scvoral coops of valuable prize poultry have also como out in the steamer. Tho Star of Victoria is in first class order. MB. O'MALLET CLAUKE, S.M., has boon granted lemo of absence- for six months; and the leave granted to Mr. J. M. Marah, S.M., has be¿n ex- tended for thros months, previous lo his retirement from the Civil Service. Mr. Delohory has boon appointod to act for Mr. Clarke, and Mr, Leo, S.M., for Mr. Marsh. WITH reference to tbo appointment of Mr. E. L. Maitland as police magistrate at Milparinka, which has formed the subject of some comment, wo aru informed that from motives of economy it has baon customary to appoint tho mining warden in euch a remoto district, if competent, to act also as police magistrate and clerk of potty oessions without salary. This couran has been followed by the Deparl ment of Justice in this oiso. Mr. Mait- land, was, it is said, promoted to the position of warden at Milparinka by tho Mines Department in striot conformity with tho terms of section 27 of the Civil Sorvico'Act. 1881, in so far as tho appointment was first offered to and declinad bv tho'eolHcors of that Department who were eligible and senior to the prcseat occupint of the office. IT is understood that Poter Kemp, the Hawkes- bury sculler, who has claimed the champion- ship, is agree iblo to measuio blades with eithor M'Loan or Noil Matterson throo weeks after the date of their race, As both those scullers are speedy and are improving in pace, a raeo be- tween eithor of them and the Hawkesbury oars- man would creato a great dotl ot interest. There is a probability-indeed it is almost cortaiu-that such a oontost will bo witnessed on the Parramatta championship course simotime in April. At the prosent timo Kemp is residiug at his homo on the ' Colo, whore ho and James Stansbury, the promis- . ing young Shoalhaven soulier, occasionally do a little towing on tho river. Nothing will he dono in tho way of maning a matoo until after the now year. Mr. Deublo, Kemp's backer, will bo prepared to sign articles for a race with Matterson or M-Lean early in the ensuing month. The last named sculler has returned to his home on the Richmond River. NEII. MATTEHSOS and 0. Stephenson will leave for New Zealand on tho 2nd proximo. Stephenson goes to the distai t colony to train for his match with the New Zealand champion sculler, Wm. | Ileorn. This race will be rowed in outriçgers on Wellington Harbour on February 1. Stephenson, who has shown good form on the Sydney waters, will bo trained by Matterson. It is possible that the latter will form one of a four-oared crew for the big race at the Dunrdin regatta, The Dames of Mntterson, Stephenson, Brown, and Cormack aro mentioned as the crew. AT the la-*t meeting of the members of St John'» Ministering Childvon's League, Parramatta, a large boxful of ufeful articles was packed aad forwarded to the Wurangcsda blacks as a Cluist mas present. Aprons were aluo sent io all the old women at the Cottage Homes, Parramatta, and a large fancy picture soreen was sent to tho Parra- matta District Hospital. THE annual excursion of the Pyrmont Presby- terian Sabbuth Sohool was held yesterday at Clon- tarf, The staamora Leveret and Dayspring con- voyed the children and their friends to the picnic ground. Thora a dinner had boen provided, and a good programme of sports made the day pass pleasantly. IT is rumoured that a species of underground aphis has attacked the viiieä iu a Parramatta vine- yard. The vines, it is snid, hare been ringbarked, and tbe roots honeycombed. A cormEsroNDENT who signs himself "Euca- lyptus " considers that after the manner in which tho " ifessiah " wa? performed at the Darlinghurst Hall on Christmas Night, no musical soc.ety ought to claim th-j right to celébralo tho completion of the organ at tho Centennial Hail. " No " he 6ays, " let tho trtio completion of the hall be an event free from societies and speculators, A good man unconnected with professionals or amateurs, aided by a non-society looretnry and the best conductor available, should j bo entrusted with the arrange- ments. Let no one, male or female, hold tiny representative position as member of an organisa- tion, but all combine to make tho affair a hugo musical succoss. If possible, let there be a week Of concorts, eaoh of a distinct character, in all of which the otgan should take a prominent part. Grandeur without ostentation, perfection without presumption, and harmony without misrule, should be tbe mottoes adopted by that sterling supporter of music, Mayor Burdekin, when he porfornn the true coremony of opening the completed City Hall." AN accident occurred in the harbour yesterday to one of the boats bslonging to H.H.á. Orlando. Tho boat was ou her way to the flagship from the north side of the barbour, and the steamer Narrabeen, bound to Manly Beach with passengers, whon near Fort Denison, struck tho boat and damaged her considerably. Tbe occupants of the boat were thrown into the water, and were pitted up by boats from some of the other men-of-war. WITH regard to the muoh-voxed rabbit question, Mr. Hocking writes commenting freely on Mr. Kelly's letter which appeared in our yesterday's issue, and which he considers is directly insulting to every man who thought himself ablo to offer suggestions to the commhteo for tho destruction of rabbit«. * Mr. Hocking believes that Mr. Kelly's scheme for dealing with the rabbits would not prove success- ful, and he also looks upon the £20,000 bonus and tho Int- rcolonial Rabbit Commission as a hugo farce, although ho does not complain of tho decision arrivod at by the conference. A conitcspoNDENT complains of the treatment which he received whilst making an excursion to the Hawkesbury on Boxbg Day. ne states that ho took passage by a steamar advertised to leave the Brooklyn Wharf at 10 a, in., for a trip up the Hawkesbury. The steamer left as adveitieed, but instead of the passengers being afforded an oppor- tunity of seeing tho beauties of the Hawkes- bury, .they were deposited on aa island a short distance off, and loft thero to spend the day as best they might At half-pa't 5 in tho afternoon the steamor relume 1 for her pas- senger;, who were landed at Brooklyn too late to catch any but the C25 p.m. train. O-S-E of tho many nui'ancos to which tram pas- sengers are subjected is referred to by a correspond- ent, who sta'es that whilst going to liodi'ern in a tram he was abused by a drunken man, who had been allowed to enter the car. He considera that respectable citizens should not be subjected to an annoyance of this kind. EARLY on Thursday morning two msn broke into Mr. Carter's store, Fairfield, but wore surprised before they hal time to carry out their designs. Mr. Carter, who residos on the promises, hearing a noise, went into the store and challenged the bur- glars, who thereupon fired shots from a revolver, one of the shots taking effect, and wounding one of Mr. Carter's arms. I-f the description of the damage done in Snssox streot by the recent fire, which appeared in Thursday's Herald, it waa stated that the house ut 22, Sussex street occupied by Mr. Knorr, belonged to Meurs. .Richardson and Wrench. It appear«, however, that this firm does not actually own the property, but merely act as aconta for the owner. A MANUAL of public examination* has been issued by Mes»». Gibbs, Shallard, and Co. as a cuide for thoso soeking honours at next year'a examinations. I The book, whioh is neatly compiled, contains all tho information necBt-ary for candidate«, and should prove very useful. It is published under tho authority of the University of Sydney. THE Australian Museum was visited on Boxing Day by liol portons. WITH regard to the complaint recently made by a corresponded in our column«, »bout the arrest, of au old woman in the Domiiiu for selling fruit ou a Sunday, Inspector Bremner write* to ututo that no person lia» been tirrostod for such a reason, cither in tho atreots or iu tho Domain. It seem» probable that our corrcipon deut was mistaken ns to the real cause of the arrest of tho woman in question. THE following is the report of the Bonovolont Aft)lum for tho week endod December 24, 1889 : Admitted, 6 women, 12 children; birth», 3: deaths, 2; dli- chaiged, 10 wumen, 13 children; remaining in the hou-,e, 82 women, 126 children; total, 2U8. Provi- sions distributed, 1970 lorn-en bread, 12141b. Hour, 7161b. meut, ôôSIb. sueur, I36¡(lb. tea, C4¿Ib. sa¡ro, 1501b. rice, lib. arrowroot, 301b. oitmeal, and a special Christ mus gift of 03 iib. of luiains and currants. Fresh nppli calious for relief, 8 ; cases reported by the inspector, 27\. In 10 cases tho relief was discontinued ; in 4 cases the rent money wns disallowed, in 1 case it was re- duced. Total numbor of cases relieved, 400. 