HAUNTED HOUSES. nr WILLIAM C. PnEsON.. IN the long winter evenings when we gather round the cosy fireside, feeling all the more happy and cemfortal?p because we know it iq so cold and dreary without there are few more 'favburite pastimes thaon that offtelling ghost. storieds And singularly enougbt it. is often: most lboed by those who, are msa in danger osf being unnerved by it. Moat of us, at one time: norotlihO baos'sat it"ytho lhearth untl1 the'nsmall hours of the morning listening to tales of horror until our hearts have faintbt'withint.s at the very prospect of going to bed and yet we have been anxious to hear more, and the fascinations of the story have increased in proportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Hero are two such stories; one of them remains- shruded in mystery although perhaps,. if we did but know it, the explanation would be as simple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. It is recountd in a letter, written by a member ofa very distinguished English family. "Sir James, my mother, with myself and my illther Charles went abroad towards the end of ili year 1786. After trying several different le.ces, we determined to settle at Lille, where we found the masters particularly good, and where we had also letters of introduction to several of the best French families. "There Sir James left us, id: oafter passing 'i few days in ao? uneomforiitle lodging, we eltgnged a nite large family" heLf·id shich we liked much, atll which we obtained at'a very low rent, etce tor' that part of the world. About three weeks after we tere established in our new residence, I walked one day with my mother to the bankers,. for the purpose of delivering our letterof credit fromi Sir Robert Herries, and drawing some money, which, being paid in heavy five france pieces we found we could not carry, and. therefore requested the hankerfa send, saying "we live in the Place du Lio-ttd'or." Whereupon he looked surprised, and observed that he knwed'of no house there fit for' s, ' except, indeed' 1h? added the one that has been long uninhabited in' conoequietice ottitE rcrenano that walks about. He'said this quite'seriously and in a natural tons of voic ; irr spite of which we laughed and sero quite' entertaine I at the idea of a ghost; but at the samdtime we begged him not to mention the matter to our servants lest they should take any fancies into their heads; and my mother and d resolved to say nothing about it to any one; rI suppose it is thtghost,' said my mother, laughi ing, 'that wakes us so often by walking over' onf heads.' We had in fact been awaken~ several nights by a heavy foot, which wo si?eit posed to he than of one of thd ifen-servants, of wh?m we h'nd three English dand four French; of women servants we had five English, and all the rest wpoe French. The English ones, men sal` etifiier, eoery ode of them, returned ultiaol otell to' England with us. "A ,ight or two' afterwa-rsk, bei'ng again ''tfakened by the step; my mother asked Cress well, ' who slept in the room above us ?' 'No one, my lady,' she replied, 'It is a large empty garret.' "About a week or ten days after this Cres. well came to my "mother, one morning, and told her that all the French servants' talked about going away, because there wias a rerenant in the' house ;'adding, that there seemed to be a stradge story attached to the place, which was said, together with. somie other property, to have belonged to a young man,: whose giuardian, who was also his un;e, hlid treated hint cruelly, and confined hi'n in an iron. cage;'ad as he hid subsequently disapliired,'it was conjectured he had been murdered." This uncle, after inherit ing. tho property, had suddenly: quitted the house, and sold it to'the father of the man of whom we had hired it. Since' 'that' feriod, thougli it had bee :several times let, nobody had ever stayed id it alioveaweek or two ; and, for ar considerable time past it had had no tenant at all " " 'And do you really believe all this non sense, Cresswell,' said my mother. "' Well, I don't know my lady,' answered shte, 'but there is the iron cage.in thb garret over your bed-room, where you may see it' if you please.; " Of course we rose to go, and n. just:lit tlhatmonient an old officer, with his Croai'de' St. Louis, called on us, we invited him to ancoimpany'ns, and 'we ascended together. We found, as Cresnwell had said, a larg empty garrett - with bare brick walls and in the further corner of it stood an iron cage such as wild beasts are kept in, only higher;. it was about four feel square, and eight in height; and there was an iron ring in the wall at the back to which was attached an old rusty chain, with a collar fixed to the end of it. I confess it mado my blood creep, whenI thought of the possibility of any hdiinan being havinginbhblied it. And our old friend expressed as'" much horror as ourselves 'assuring us that it must certainly have been constructed for some uinch dreadful purpose. ' As,' however,- o were no believers in ghosts, we all agreed that the iioses must proceed fromsomebody who had an interest in keeping the house empty; 'and since it was very disagreeable to imagine that there were secret means of entering, it by night, we resolved as soon as possible to look out for an other readhence, and, in the meantime to say nothing about the matter to any one. About tei days after this determination, my mother observing one morning that Cresswell, when she came to dress her, looked exceedingly pale and ill, inquired 'if anything was the matter with her 1 ' Indeed my lady,' answered she, 'we have been frightened to death, and neither I zior Mrs. Marah can sleep again in the room we are' now in.' ' Well,' returned my mother, Syou shall both come and sleep' in the little spare room next us; but what has alarmed you?'. ,,,:e ." Some one; my lady,went through our room in-the night; we both saw the figure, but, we both covered our heads with the bed.clothes; and lay in a dreadful fright till morning.' `!' On hearing this, I could not help laughing, niodn which Cresswell burst into tears; and seeing how. nervous she was we comforted her by saying that we had heLrd of a- good liotise; nd .that we should very soon abandon our present habitation. "A few nights afterwards, my mother re quested me and Charles to go to-her bed-room and fetch her frame, that she might prepare her wdrk for the next day. It was after supper, and we were ascending the stairs by the light of a lamp which was always kept burning, when we saw goisg up before us a tall this figure,' withhair flowineg, doawn Ihis backe, add wearing a loosed. powdderig gown. Weo both at once codeluded it wOO my sisteriHanna hnd called out: 'It won't do, Hannah, you cannot frighten n.'" Upon which thO figuero turned into a rece?ss in the rwall; but as thrOe as an?iobody: there when we passed, we conclnded that Hannah had dontrived somehow or other to slip away and make her escape by the bhck sltairs. : "On telling this to my mother, however, she said, 'It is very odd, for Hannah went to bed with a head aehd before you came in from your walk,' and sure enough. on going to her room, there we found her fast asneep; and Alice, who was at work there, assured us that she had been so for mnoro than an hour.' On mentioninso this circumstanes to Crcssuell, she turned quite pale, and exclaimed that that was precisely the figure she and Marsh had seen in their bedroom. "About this time my brother Henry came to spend a few dans with us, anl we give him a room up another pair of stairs, at tin opposite end of the hiousoe. A morning or two after his arrival, when he came down to breckfast, lie asked my mother angrily whether she thought he went to bed drunk and could not put out his own candle, that sho sent those Frenhl rascals to watch him. My mother assured him that she had never thought of doing such a thing; but he persisted in the accusation, adding, 'Lnost night I jumped up and opened the door, and by the light of the moon through the sky light, I sawn a fellow in his loose gown at the bottom of the stairs. If I had not been in my shirt I would ha1e gone after him and made him remember coming to watch me.' "We were now preparing to quit the house, bhaving secured another belongiug to a gentleman who was going to spend rome timne in Italy ; but a few days before our removal it happened thnat a Mr. and Mrs. Atkyns, some English frients of ours, called, to whom we mentioned tlnee strange circumstnces, obscrv'ig how extremely unpleasant it was to live in a house that some body found means of getting into, though how they contrived it we could not discover, nor wmat their motive could be, except it was to frighten us, observing that no one could sleep in the room Marsh and Cresswell hadl been obliged to give up. Upon this, Mrs. Atlyns laghedl heartily, and raid that she should like of all things to sleep there if my miother would allow her, adding, that with her little terrier she should not be afraid of any ghost that ever appearrd. As my mother had of enerse no objection to this fancy of hers, Mrs. Atkyns requested le hhusband to ride home with the groam, in order that the latter might bring her night things before thie gates of thIe town were shut, as they were then residing a little way in the country. M[r. Atkyns smiled, and said she was very bold; hut Ihe made no diffnilty, and sent the things, and his wife retired with her dog to her room when we retired to ours appar ently without the least apprehension " When she came down in the. morning we were immediately struck at meeing her look very ill.and ea inquiring it she too had been fright ened, she naid she had been awakened in the night by something moving in her room, and that by the light of the night lamp she saw most distinctly a fiOgre, and that the dog which was vary spirited, and fleow at everything, never stirred although she had endeavoured to make him.y.(Wcseaw clearly that she had been very mealifalarnied, and when Mr. Atkyns came and endeavoninedl to dissipate the feeling by per. nadling lies.that she might have dreamt it, shi0 oqueite angry. We could not help thinking that shebhasdactually seen something ; and my moth'etnidl after she was gone, that though she could hot bring ljcrself to believe it was really a ghost, still she?earnestly hoped that she nmight get out of the house without seeing this figure which frightened people so much. "We were now within three days of the one fixed for our removal; I had been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the moment I lay down, but in the middle o[ the night I was suddenly awakened, I cannot say by what, for the step over our heads we had become so used to that it no longerdisturbed ns. Well, I awoke; I had heon lying with my face towards my mother who wa aslecp beside me, and;as onee usualljdoes on awaking, I turned to the other side,Iwhere, the weather being wanr, the curtain of the bed was undrawn, as it was also at the foot, and I saw standing by achest of drawers which'were betwixt me and the window, a thin tall figure, in a loose powdering gown, one arm resting on the drawers add the face turned towards me. I saw it quite distinctly by the night light which horned clearly. It was a long thin, pale young face with oh I such a mela. choly expression as can never be eltaced from my memory. I was certainly very much fright. ened, bdl: ly groat hldffor was lest my mother should awake and see the figure. I turned my head gently towards her and heard her breathing high in a sound sleep. Just then the clock on the stairs struck fnor. I dare say it was nearly no hour before I ventured to look again, and when. I- did take courage to turn myeyes to. warda the drawers there was nothing;. yet I had eot'heard the slightest sound, though I had been litehing with the greatest intensity. "As- you may suopose,:I never closed my eyes again, -and glad I was when Cresswell knockel at tie'door, as she did every mornin?, for we always lobked it, and it was my bunsiness to get out of bed and let'her in. But on this occasion instead of doing so, I called out, 'Como tie, the door is not fastened ;' upon' which she ansaWered that it was, anif was obliged to get out of bled and admit her as usual. "Whiel. toldmymothefwhat had happened, she was very greteful to- me-for not waking her and commended iane mselh- for my resolution. She, however, resolve& do t'to risk another night in the house, tidswe got out of it that very same day, naflriistituting, with the aid of the servants, a; etbiougle search, with a view to aseertains if there was any possible means of iting into the rooms except by the usual modes of ingress, but our search was vain; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the house,.the fearlessness or the family, and their disinclination to believe in what is called the supernatural, together with the great interest the owner of this large and Ihandsome residence must have had in discovering the trick, if thiere iid:~ beena bne--we, iunst admit that these exti'ordisiary'eiranmstances are very dist. cult of explanation. One of the best stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palace of Woodstock, in the year 1649, when' the commissioners sent from Aondon by the Long Parliament to take posies. sion of it, and efface all the emblems of royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fear of the devil and the annoyances they suffered from a roguish cavalier, who played the imp to admiration. The commissioners arrived at Woodstock on the lIth October, 1609. They took up their lodgings in the late king's apart. ments, turned theo beautiful bedrooms and withdrawing-rooems into kitchens nod sculleries, the council-ball into a brew-house, and made the dining-room a place to keep firewood in. They polled down all the insignia of royal slate; and treated with the utmot indignity eOerything that recalled to their memory the name of majesty of Charles Stuart. One Giles Sharp aeeompanied them in the cipaeity of_ clerk, and seconded their etafrts apparently with the greatest zeal. He aided them to uproot a noble old tree, merely becoause it was called the Kings Oak, and tossed the fragments into -the dining-room to make cheerful fies for the commissioners. During the first two days they heard sone strange noises about the house, but they paid na great attention to them. On the third, however, they began to sus. pect they had got into had company; for they heard, as they thought, a supernt ural dog under their bed, which gnawed their bedelothes. On the next day the tables and chairs began to dance, apparently of their own accord. On the fifth day, something cams into the bedchamber and walked up and down, and fetch. ing the warming pan out of the withdrawing room, made so much noise with it that they thought five church-bells were ringing in their ears. On the sixthl day, the plates and dishes were thrown up and dosen the dining- room. On the sarenth day, they penetrated into the bedroom in company with several logs of wood, and usurped the- soft pillows intended for the commissioners. On the eiglhth and ninth nights, there was a cessation of hostilities; but on the tenth, the bricks in the chimneys beecame locomotive and rattled- and danced about the floors, and round the heads of the commissioners, all the night long. On the lervenih the - san away with their clothes, and on the twelftk filled their beds so full of pewter-platters that they could not got into them. On the thlirteenth night, tile glass became unacconntably seized with a fit of cracking, and fell into shivers in all parts of the house. On thefourteenlt, there was a noise as if forty pieces of artillery had been fired off, and a shower of pebble stones, which so alarmed the commissioners that, "struck with great horror, they cried out to one another for help." They first of all tried thoefficacy of prayers to drive away the spirits ; but these proving un availing, they began seriously to redeet whether it would not be much belter to leave the place altogether to the spirits that inhabited it. They resolved, however, to try a little longer; and having craved forgiveness of all their aus, be tdok themselves to bed. - That night they slept in tolerable comsort, hat it was merely a trick of their tormentor to Inlil them into false seeurity. When;, on the snucceeding night, thry heardnl no noies, they began to flattcr thremselves tht the spirit was driven out, aend pretared to take up their qairters for the whole ninter in the palace; Tihese symptoms on their port became the signal for renewed uproar among thle spisits. :On the d Noircnmbecr they heard somethieg walking with a slow and solemn pace up and down the withdrawin--room, and immediately afterwardsnahower of stones, bricks, sortar, andi broeonglasspeltdoabouttheirears. On theseolad steps were again heard in the withdrawing-room, sounding to their fancy very inch like the treading of an enormous bear, which continued for- about a quarter of an hour. Thiis noise h.ving ceaned, a large waruin,.pan was thrown violently upon the table follo?cd by a number of stones and the jawbone of a horue. Some of the boldest walked valiantly into the withdraw ing-room, armed with swords and pistlols, obut could discover nothing. They were tafraid that night to go to bed, and sat up, making fires in every room, andl burning canudles and lImps in great abundance; thinking that, as the spiits loved darkness, they would not diotsrb a com pany surrounded witl so much light. They were deceivred, hoecrer• buckets of eater cames down the chimneys and 'extinguished the ires, an- the candles were blown out, they knew not how. Some of the servants who hnd b~tlken themselves to bed were drenched with putrid ditch water as they lay, and arose in great fright, exposing to the wondering eyes of the commissioners their linen all dripping with goeen moisture, and their knuckles red with the bloa's they had at the same time received from snome invisibhl tormentor. ,hilo they were still speaking, there was a noise like the loude-t thunder, or the firin, of a whole pack of artil lery. One of tbhe commiesioners a-ked in 0 ceourageous voice, who was there and what thry had done thalt they should be so troubled. Žo answer was returned, and the noises ceased for a while. At length, however, as the commisionecrs said, "the spirit camo again, and brought with it ecren others worse than itself." eoig egicn in darkness, they lighted a candle andi placed it in a doorway, that it might throw a light upon the two chambers at once; but it was suddenly blown out, and one ommissioner said he hals "secn the similitude of a horse's hoof strikine the candle and ecndlestick into the msiddle or the cihamber, and afterwards making three serapes on tile inus to put it out." Ti.ns thsi the same person was so bold as te ,dviC its soord ; but be asserted positively tlht he h'al hardly witldr.wn it lwhen an invisibotoe hua seized hold of it and tugged wilh him for it anI prevailieg, etruck hIm so riclnt n blos" wilth the pmmrel that he was quite stunhed. Then the noises began again. They were con oineed by this ticie it w-s useless to struggl any longer with the powers tha seemmed deter mined to make W- their own. These thiungs halppened on Saturdaynights and, beingrepeated on the Sunday, they determined to leave the phce and return to Leondo., i th - Dly Tueoday morning early, hhl btnr Isi-epd' VM were completed, and shaking the d?st off air eenally took their departure. irT yt ear?s 'lssed before the tre .canle of ie dlul?rbanceaswas discovered. It° ein atb t the Restoretion, that the whole ,s - the work of iles Sharp, the trusty clerk of e a i oneý - This man wan a concealed e edo pas e-d his earii life in W- ; to eknew everF hole and corner of the place, and ?nst s ntap- doers and secret paI-,ee.- The csni --n-nver snope-ting him phleed the -"el-n --e epuns him a confidence thich ,b d in the manner above detailed, to his great mensement and that of a few cavaliers hom he let into the secret. 