A DOCTOR'S EXPERIENCES No. 4, By Una Hoptt. In this pai>cr, according to promise, our readers aro to be taken to tho "residences" of sotiro of thu sick poor. Tho day, however, ha turned out intensely warm. A fierco north wind is blowing, and with it como clouds of dust. Tho doctor's study is much moro invit ing than the sun's scorching rays, and boforo setting out nu our expedition wo aro nnt sorry to have a continuation of thu "Experitmcpx" in its cool atmosphere. Tbo doctor, who Iin just como in from Bishopscourt, is willing to oblige, indoors or out. " Well, now," ho says, "somo of tho incident which I could toll you would ho a chapter compote in themselves. Somo of tho character are dead, somo in England or America. Others a re living and sensitive on thu subject to which I wouid rofor, so thab I have a delccacy about bringing their cases boforo tho public. Ono caso with which I wan so unusually sad and >ainful, that io would scarculv be credited wore ib not that tlia per- fons aotually conoorncd aro all aUvo at tho pre sent tunr. The facts sro these— twonty years ago, in tills colony wt.ro a rich squatter . and Ills wife, who woro childless. They caino down toMelbourno on a visit, and while there, the lady adopted a littlo child, a fow months old. This littlo girl had boon found with a pleco of paper pinned to her. clothes (whioh woro very good ones by Iho way), asking that tho chitd might bo wull brought up and called a certain name. Aftor a time tiro squatter's wtfo returned to hor home, with, as people supposed, her infant daughter, No ono was told anything different, except' tiro clergyman of tho district. Ho was put in possession of tho true foots of tho cone, so thnt in caso anything happened to tho adopted mother tho girl would havo a guar dian. Tiro squatter, I might mention, died somewhere nbcufc thts time. " Well, tinio passed on. The girl grew up nil that could bo desired— amiable, attract! vo, refined— a lndy in ovury way. Afa tho ago of eighteen her adopted mother died, leavtug all licr wealth to tho young lady, and appointing tho clergyman spoken of tier guardian. Tho Sunstion then arose, ' Where would lto re do? Would sho como to Mclbourno and take up her residence thcro, stay on at hor old home, or go to livo at tho vicarage with her guardian's family?' She de cided to do tho latter, and becamo an inmate of tho vicarage. Ono day the clorgy- man rodo to tho nearest township, a distanco of somo 50 miles, to spond an evening with a college chum who had newly arrived from England. While thero ho becntno acquainted with a very rich American gentlomnii, who greatly attracted tho clergymen, so muoh so thab ho invited him to pay a visit to tho- vicar age. Tho American did so. Stayed a fort night orso nt the clergyman' house, andbecame much attached to tho young lady, his ward. Sho returned hi affection, nnd so ho sought tho clergyman's consent. 4 Woll,' said that gentleman, ' I think ib right ihab you should know that MtssS— wns not really Mrs S— '« daughter ns peoplo supposed, but merely an adopted ohild, I cannot tail you anything of hor parentage, and sho knows nothing ol it herself.' 1 1 don'b caro about that,' replied tho American, ' I'm quito satisfied with her as she is,' and ho pressed tho matter so that oventunlly tho clergyman con sented, and in duo courso tho mnrriago followed. A fine residence was built at tho township before mentioned, and thoy went to live there. "Thing went cm very happily, and after a timo a fion wn born. When' this child waa about G month old it happened that tlio father had occasion to visit tho neighborhood of tlio vicarage, and was spending tho evening there. Sitting talking over tho fire, tho American said, 'I hnvo a great desire to know some thing of my wife's relatives. Sho's ovory- thing I could wish, but I would hko to know ot her parentage, and I think you could tell mc.' 'Tako my advice,' saidtlto clergyman, nud leavo matters as they are.' 0h, I don't mind at all if her people turn out to be poor,' returned tho othor. Wo havo heaps ol money, and might bo Able to help them.' He was so anxious about the matter thnt at Inst Ins host said, ' Well, nil thab I know) you know,, except that you hnv<r nob . seen tho baby olothes that wore on her whon sho was found, or tho picco of paper attached to them. Theso I will show you.' So saying, thn clcryman rose, and going to an osoritoire, unlocked it, and handed a small parcel to bis visitor. Both gentlemen utood nt tho table, and the parcel was opened, tho baby olothes displayed, and with thorn wo still tho piece of paper whioh wn pinned to them so many years before. Tho American bent down to read this, nud a his eye glanced quickly over the words, hu fell insensible at his host' feet. Uo had married his own daughter 1" " What a tcrriblo thing." "Yes, tho incident was one of tiro saddest I havo ever known. When ho enmo out of his swoon, ho told the clergyman tlio facta of tho case. Ho find been living in tho colony some 20 year previously, nnd getting Into troublo with some lady, ho cleared out, and went to America. What becamo of tho mother wag never known, bub possibly after deserting her child ns described, sho too fled. After tho lapse of all theso years ho oamo back on a visit, nnd, n3 I have snid, married his own daughter. It wn a fearful retribution ! Ha novcr saw her again." "Wai Biro told tho true stato of affair 2" " She wan. Sho wn told everything, and thoshqek wn terrible. Sho wok very ill for a time, but wlron sho recovered a littlo her pro- pnrty wns disponed of, and sho went to Eng- laud, where sho is to-day, living with her son in a quiet village, a broken hearted woman." " What became of her hitsboud ?" Ho sold off and went book to America. He is «0W livlntr near Now York, a ruined num. He frequently sends the most costlv presents to bis son,' irhiV also ids grandson but never directly. All cdstmunication is carried on between tlio clorgyrnbtf-- JJjjvvo spoken of, and all presonts, he., nro sont through him. Tho littlo boy, etrnngo to say, i a very fiuo healthy child, and the Tost timo wo heard from hi mother was getting on weft." Truly truth is sadder if not strariFor tlmn fiction. This story of a young sml beautiful girl being punished tor tho sin of her imrcnts nud by her own father, unwittingly, is horrible in tbo extreme, and brings before us in ghastly reality tho truth of tho possago, " Viuiting tho iniquity of tho fathers upon the chil dren," But tn return to ths doctor. He seems to boinatrng'o vein altogether to-diiy, for pre sently ho goes on, "Medical Btudonta, you- know, aro noted for tboir practical joke, and in many cases, unfortunately, theso had m.it serious result. One in paf-ticulnr I renromber. It was Christina time, and in an English cnuntrv-houso a family party iind gathered for biro Bcqsou. Besides tho equiro nnd bis wifo thero wcro his daughter and iho gentleman sho was engaged to— a Capt B , just home from India— und also the eldest son anb hi great friond, a tnodical fltudont. Th ey wero a merry company, und round tho tea- table laughed and chatted in high good humor. Presently tho talk turned on the bravery of soldiers, nnd of Oapb. B— — — in particular, ami the young lady's brother and his friend so teased thu captain that at last ho would give thein a practical proof of his bravery, if occasion arose. Well, they told him, there was aoliaueo for him to dltinguhh himself. 'You know, this house Is haunted by a skeleton ' uid thoy, and on certain nights. This happens to be ono of Its nights. There Is only, one room In tho bouse tbat it will enter nnd that is a bodiooin. Will you slcop in that rooraj' 'Oh, yes,' said tho captain, 'I'll sleep auy where.' Suit was agraodupon. Accordingly, when tlio niocauro torotiro, tho captain proceeded to tiiQ so-called haunted room, first, hpwavor, warning tho . young fellows that if nuy jolro was to bo played tho consequences might bo fatal, as ho had a revolver whioh he Intandod to use. They told lilm it was all right. Hi revolver wouldn't liurt tho ghost. It would stand over him, waving its skeleton hand. 'I'll bo ready for it,' returned tho onptain, and he went on to his room. He roado up his mind that ho wouldn't go to bod, but would sit up und read an Interesting book that he hnd brought up with him, So ho entered the room, looked the door, and then got A smell table, and placed it auglcwido in one corner, right oppo site tho door. Bohind this tablo'ho sat, close to tho wall, so thnt no one oould surprint) him from the back, and on tho table ha plaoud his revolver, loadod, and alightcdcamllo, and began reading. Ho had, however, travelled a long distanco, and was vory tired, so after a whilo ho boean nodding, aud soon was fast Asleep, presently ho was awoke by hoaring a eharu click,' and, starting, ho began rubbing huj eyes aud locking all aboub him. Seeing tho half-burnt cahdlo and tho revolver, ho femcm- berod where lie was, and peering in tho direc tion of tho door, ho s?w, oomlng towards him outof the darkness, tho figure of th4 'skWeton, , At onco the captain stood npj and holding nis revolver . in bis hand: said ' Stop I If you move another stop, 111 fire T The skeleton took no notice, but cainoislowl." on, with a noiseless gilding motloB.mi'd wavIng . Its gaunt arms. . ' I warn yon, ' If :ydu are playing a triokl to stop, t tba peril , or your life, or I'll firo! Aaln said tho cnptnfih Still ou canio tho figure, aud nt last tlm captain giving another warning, took aim and fired. When the smoke olcamt away there was tho skeleton srill coming imaror and nearer with thu amo peculiar motion ! In spite of himself an indefinable feeling camd ovor the captain, and, almost without kuowfng what he did, Ito put his hand in Iih breast pocket, took out a small pistol, and fieri Again at llro ghost. A ho did so tho skeleton fell flat on its face, and at thu samo moment tho door burst open and tlio young medical student) rushed iu crying, ' Oh I Captain, what havo you done ? What have you done?' Tliuy raised tho figure from the floor. Ib w.m tho young ludy'8 brother, mid he was dead I ' " Why did nob the Rhot Irora the revolver take effect, doctor?" "Becausa they opened the door with another key, and finding tiro captain asleep drew tho charge from hi revolver1. leaving only powder in it. Thoy had arranged tho tiick before-hand, and tho young fclloW was eiieuBud iu black canvas, on which tlio medical student painted all tbo I Hiiro wltH accuracy. Tho captain had forgotten to moiition that hu always carried hi pistol, nnd so thoy wore not prepared for it. That joko coded badly for nil concerned. Tiro captain had to hurr$r away to a friend's hnu-e, where he stayed t|ll thoinqiu-.it! was over, and then returned td India. Tho young ladv ho was cngagod ib (whose brother was shot) hnd brain fever, and her life was despaired of, whilo tho medical student became Insane, wns pub in Alitnnkio asylum and died thero. Whilo ho lived all his ravings were of the skeleton, and ho never got) over it." , . Aftor a pause, the doctor says, "I remember another practionl joke that had a serious, though nob fatal, result. A man had boon brouglitinto the hospital, and after a vury short illncs died. It was nob very clear what ho died, of and a post mortem was propo-md. Hiq friend, however, wouldn't hear of it nnd said they would como next day and remove tnc body. Two of tho medical students forthwith made up their mind thnt thoy wero not going to loso the chance of what they . term stick ing a knife into him' nnd. determined- to hold ' a post mortem themsolvos. 'Wo can easily make a neat cub and removo all traces of it after wards,' thev said, and no ono will ho any thing tho wlsor.' The body had been takon downstairs into tiro dend-houso ami put into ono of the coffins that arc alwny kept oo hand in the hospital. M&Ionoy; and Roberta, the two students spoken of, knew thab no ona would be visiting tho dead-houso unless on special business, and laid their plans accord ingly. When all was safo for the night thoy would slip down, do tho job, nnd no ono would know anything aboub it. It occurred to thorn, however, thab it would be as well to hnvo tho resident surgoon on tholr side— a young fellow who would bo vorv glad to help them. Thoy told him and he said, ' All right, I'll go down with you. Moot me at the head of tho steps at Buoh-and-such n time.' At the time mentioned Malonoy and Roberta met at tho top of tho steep flight of steps leading down to tho dead- houso, and waited n whilo for tlio resident surgeon. 'What sorb of a knife havo yon gob ? ' said Roberts. Oh, a pretty fair one,' Malonoy answered. 'Let's have a look nt ib,' snid Roberts. ' Oh 1 that's nob a very good one. I'll go nnd get a sharpcronu tlmn thab. Wuibfor me, nud I'll be back directly;' nnl lioivonb off, leaving Malonoy standing there. Presently tho resident Appeared. ' Whore's Roberts ?' ' Gono for a sharper knife. He Raid to waib for him, and he'd be ImoIc in a minute.' ' Oh, non80U8Q 1' snid tho resident, ' What' ho want another knife for ? I've got mine. Come on down. Let him follow.' So down they went, nnd making their way to tho table found tho body thoy wanted and began to work. They tied only ono oandle, and ib gavo a bad light. At tho best of times n candle is a bad thing to uso nt such work. Tlio shadow of your hand, or tho sbadov/ of the knife, or somo other Hhndows keep coming in tho wav. ' What's happened to Robert's, I wonder?' snid tho resident. Ho might go for another candle if hu was here. Novcr mind, I'll run up myself au4 get one. I know just whero to put my ham! on it.' And off lie went, leaving Maloney alone. For a minute Malonoy stood as tho surgeon left him, Thcu putting tho knifo down on tho table, ho turned his back to the corpe, nnd leaning thoro, stood looking about him, at nothing in particular, All roundabout him wore coffins and corpses, Presently ho fancied ho saw tho ltd of a coffin, that stood on tho floor, move. TTo lookeo again. Yes ; certainly it was moving— gently —now more violently— now tho ltd flics off, and thecorpsesita up in its shroud ! Thiswaf too much for poor Moloney, and when th< resident returned ho found Moloney insensible on the floor, and Roberts doing his best tt restore hhn !" " And tlio live corpse ? "Thab was Robert. Instead of going fot tho lctiifo, ns hu said, ho had slipped round another way and sob in by a back door. Then ho settled himself iu a coffin, drew a xlroot ovor hhn, aiulraoanb to givo the resident-surgcou nnd Molonny a fright. Bub when Iio saw Moloney ho thought the chance too good to be lost," " How did it end, doctor?" " Oh, Moloney didu'b como round again for so loner thab thoy were terribly frightened. They had to carry him upstairs, nnd out into tho air, nnd summon nurses and doctors. Thcc tho whole thing came out, and next morning Roberts had to appear before tho authorities. Ho was severely reprimanded, and only thai Moloney begged him off he would hnvo bee rusticated. Such a thing could not bo tolerated Moloney's system received such a shock that when hi examinations canto on ho couldn't bass, and his lifo was spoiled l>y this practical joke." " And now we'll go round and see tho habi- tations of 8oipo of tho 'sick and afflicted,' says tfio doctor. So wo pass out into tho heated street, and also into our next pupcr. 