tA BIRi'll DAY OELEB?AL'LUNIV. [COMMUNIOATED.] Mr John Pritchard, a popular and well-known resident of the UpperMurray, recently celebrated his birthday at Dotheomon's Hotel, presided over by the genial Mrs Lovomal. The incidents of this symposiumn we will now endeavor to relate. Arriving at this charming retreat, Dotheomen's hotel, on the 25th Juno, and the climax or natal day not being reached till the 22nd July, Mr Pritchard de termined in the start to draw it mild, and, therefore, we learn from the bill of par ticulars placed in our hands, that on this 25th June lie is charged bed and meals 4s, mail so continued to the 28th, when the monotony is relieved by the charge of 3 drinks. Tlhe 2th gives us a further charge of 2 drinks, and the 30th 4 drinks -a mild start, abracing for the great and tremendous event I The lst July, how over, furnishes a most agreeable awaken ing. Mr Pritchard finds himself within the month in which the glorious 22nd shines, and, naturally warming up to what is expected of him, swallows 42 drinks I as the account before us roads Jouly, drinks 12s Gd, drinks 8s Gd. The following day, the 2nd, appears to have beoon devoted to meditations, with pro bable meanderings through the well-kept lawns and flower beds of this desirable .hotel. On the 3rd Mr Pritchard once more approaches things mundane, and is charged with 4 drinks, and then a pause till the 8th, when he takes 7, this answer ing him till the 12th, when the nearer glimpse of the great day warns him 'tis titme to be up and doing, antd, therefore, on this day, we find him getting outside of 35 drinks, and the day following 17, when a couple of days of light touches brings is to the 20th, when we have 63 charged, with a bottle of whiskey as a night cap. The 21st, like a wise sportsman, Mr Pritchard seenms from the account to have observed as a day of rest, and the 22nd July dawns at last, and with a heroism that recalls the greatest bricklayer of then all, Tom Sayers, our hero manages the grand total of one hundred and seventy tloo drinks, in the following divi. sions, as per account-Drinks 10s, 15s, 10s, 31e, 10s, 5s, 5s. Can we picture the effort ? Is there a mind so evenly balancod as to mount this perilous height 7 One hundred and seventy too drinks. Now, we see the wisdom of Mr Pritchard's long course of preparation. No foolish rush ing to the task, but, on the contrary, a steady, wise training up to the point. We often read in the racing world of horses brought to the post as fit as a fiddle. Why, Mr Pritchard must have been as fit as two fiddles at the very least I Omne hundred and seventy two drinks. Great raesar's Ghost I How lie must have loved his birthday I Is it within our power to allot those drinks 7 Alas I the account gives us no help--merely the amounts in sequence. How. interesting would it have beeoon were the story told \- somewhat as follows:-At peep of day 20 drinks, daylight 30 drinks, morning sus tainers 20 drinks, dinner and round about that neighborhood (say, within a radius of five miles) 02 drinks, afternoon and sun setting 20 drinks, twilight 10 drinks, moonlight 10 drinks. It is whispered that a well-known and popular bacon curer, a Mr Ohristopherson, assisted in the nogoeiation of these 172 drinks. This arose from the fact of Mr C. having sold Mrs Lovemal a portion of his highest prized bacon, and, remaining at the ..hotel for a few days, linds himself billed from seventy to eighty drinks a day, and \- beyond this moderate quantity he is cosf dent he did not go, and therefore history is.justified in claiming that Mr Pritchard played a lone hanod. Tho .23rd,. the day following the earthquake, appears in the hotel account as a blank, not een apick nme-up noted against Mr Pritchard. The anxious enquirer who has followed us so far will ask us, Is Ihe dead 7 Has too much zeal killed him ? No, hlie is not dead, for the 24th, in the words of the account, gives us the cheering intelligence that lie had 35 drinks, following the effort on the day after with 56 drinks, when Mr Prit chard assures us he had had enough, and thinks that hlie has done all that a raasonable public and exacting country can ask of him to vindicate his right to a birthday. We may say the account from which we quote does not altogether tally with the one kept by Mr Pritchard hinm self. Upon comparing notes, we observe that up to the 22nd or 23rd drink there is a commedable munformity, but in the higher latidudes, when one mounts to the 60, 70, and hundreds, there is a woful difference-in fact, so great that we deem it beyond the power of magnetism to draw the points together. 