Notes on My Beat. The utlerauces of judges from tbe bench are becoming so frequent tbat much of their weight is lost thereby, and they pall on tbe feeliugs. The judges are, perbsps, going beyond their position when they read moral lessons to men tbev are about lo sentence to death, and there are many sayings of our present justices which are more irritating to the public thau likely to have a good effect. However, tbe speech which Mr. Justice Harding made, when sentencing a bil liard-marker for stealing money from a bank clerk who frequented bis room, Ib woith repeating. Mr. Harding found tbat the principal witnesses, bank clerks, were boarding in hotels and obliged 'to live on terms of iutimacy witb sharpers. Were there no person looking after theBe young men when their daily duties were over? Did none of the managers take auy note of them unless they committed embezzlement, when tbey would drop on them severely? Tbe managers thought they were doing a grand thing when they brought to jail young men living in such circumstances as shewn.' Jt * * * * Now that Mr. Justice Harding has spoken, some of the banks are about to make enquiries. Could not they at the same time forbear a Bmall amountof their profits— profits, it must be borne in mind, which are not solely made out of bank ing in tbe accepted term, but tbrougb land sales and squatting and other means, not to mention the estates of loBt or de ceased persons— to raise the salaries of their young men. The latter, I suppose, must start on about £60 a yenr it the most, but these will not generally be found employed away from the homes of their relatives, so tbat the struggle for yfe does not trouble them. .Jt Is when a promo tion apd «bift tSkes place that the shoe pinches. ThV young fellftw is then from 18 to 2C yearB of age. . He is not unlike -bis fellowmen, and is beginning to wish to be like bis superiors, -its pi-J-ih in dress and style as in morals. If be is a goody goody (young creature he is safe, because tbe bible his mother gave bin!, the Sun day school, and kn acflveemployment on those agf appolfctefl , committees whose duties areiodq nothing but' indicate tbe iniquities' of tlie re'at of the -world, will 'beep bim straight, and give blm tbat Christian pride which, while not quite within the meanjng of a Christian life, will, nevertheless, be tbe means of keep' ing bim from temptations as far as tbe till go^. He has, perhaps, £120, or even' £160 a year, and after paying \\-oard and washing should bave.from £30 to £60 per annum on which to clothe himself, pay. bis subscription to tbe Bafb Bun Ciilb,' andqltimAtely, I bave not tbe, slightest douV-, advance something towards a little maintenance affair, ' '* * . * . .» ? Bdt wfeat about tlie'y6ungtellow,.w(tb wbom the above Mr. Goodgoody. will of course bave no 'sympathy because lie Is bum»n, but wbo, in spite of regular 'smoking, a decided turn for' wearing olean linen and a decent not to say fashionable suit, a not ov,er squeamlsb ness in taking a glaeB wbeu he Ib asked, or offeringone in friendliness rather tban from the love of the thing, a fondness for society, a mild love for a quiet gamble, a very bad habit of saying naughty wordB wben tbe ledger fallB on bia toes, and a wioked regard for his physical health in athletios, mi^st after all be called a manly fellow, a good mate, au honest man, plucky, good hearted, and altogether a white man. What shall be said of blm? He earns at most £150. His boarding bouBe or bote! cannot cost less tban £90 £ year. He Ib not a rake nor a wine bibber, bf}t be muBt give and take hos pitality, and be cannot possibly live tbe Iffe of a sort of berif)l|), golpg to work in the day and to bed at 8 p.m. TTiave therefore compiled his expenses per an num on the lowest scale possible :— Billiards wild drinks (aliens JbanSd. per ,, day, low estimate) ... .. .. ... *-lu TobBCCo and pipes (extremely reduced - calculation) .. ? ... ?? ' Subscriptions lo balls, asHeroblles, olubs, concerts, chnrltles, entertainments, ^ Ulouiea' ihroiighotit (allowance at- intle V Boa?5D.!£«ng Total expenses ... j .. * * * ? ;' * * OUR young friend therefore starts his work on January 1st knowing that if anything goes amiss with', blm he has only £10 iu twelve montbB to face such contingencies as lie cannot 'possibly fore see. He may be taken sick, or perhaps his bank demands « bond, or be has an insurance policy to keep up. He may HCtually be called upon In a' private capacity. to take a trip somewhere, or even to UBe a cab ouoe or twice. He cannot write to bis aunt, but he knows that bis contingency allowance is now reduced to £9 19s. 10d., letting alone, tbe cost of tbe paper and euvelope. No one would pity him of course if be played a game of uap or was sucb a fool as to buy u few shares poor lellow, because buying and bursting mean total ruin to bim without any sympathy from his great directors. Thenagain he might Itketngive his own or somebody else's girl a ring, but this would indeed make a bole iu hie huge twelve months balance. If be were to split his pants beyond redemption over a paliug fence, bang would go £1 Is. ut tbe least, aud supposing tbat the day he split his pants he had been bo weak as to give one of the only girls be ever loved a ring (say £3, not much for a ring you will own, but I am determined thatmy figures shall not be open to contradiction) ; had written1 a letter to bis auut (2d.) tbat morning ; bad made a right provision for his funeral expenses by taking out a life policy (say first deposit of £1) ; had the day before paid his subscription lo tbe rowing club (£1) ; bad been pressed that morning into subscribing to tbe dancing assemblies (say £8 3s.) ; had bad himself sewn up where the paling fence was most intrusive after piercing the pants (doc tor's fee 4^. 6d.) ; had given a blind man a shilling (certainly he had no business to do this the directors might say) ; and paid 15s. for necessary repairs to bis watch after the paliug fence episode, he would actually have to work fm another twelve months and then lie would lie short of £10 by 7-. Sil. , ?* * * * * # Gentle and sublime reader, you may think tbe almv^ bu abMirri and exag gerated joke, but it is nothing of the kind. Such contingencies as I have men tioned may Uot. occur to tlie £150 per anuum bank clerk iu their order, but scale of them, or some like them, and many others bave lo be met by him, and when one of these clerks, whom you ex pect to see bebave and live as a gentle man, goes wrong, you and tbe directors are tbe first to pick up a stone aud hurl it at bim. And yet how few do a dirty mean action, bow few even misbehave themselves much less tamper with tbe thousands tbey handle. ****** Talking of banks reminds me of a painful subject. Tbe Hon. Mr. Holt, of Sydney, died lately, and cut up for £297,468. If you, sublime, likewise gentle reader were left tbis sum you would soon be a bank director aud would, witb tbe feelings of uprightness and integrity naturally yours with tbat money at your disposal, sentence any of your young clerks' wbo took £50 to three years and as many lashes as you could get the judge to throw iu, and your ferocious indigna tion would meet witb the hearty ap proval of tbe world, because let justice be done though tbe celling fall, as Biliy ruffiau, the contemporary of Homer, used to say. But leaving tbe bank clerks to their figures and fun, what a tbiug of joy it must be to have a rich relative give up the ghost and land one witb eucb a sum as Mr. Holt (heaven rest his ashes) cannot carry with him to heaven. My friend, it would be a revelation to you. You eanuot now guess what you would do, but experience shews that all men live to go one better tban their neigh bours, and you would, unconsciously of qourBe.'at once proceed to go one better tban anybody you knew. Where every body elBe bad silver you would bave gold. Thie is tbe natural, if not the invariable consequence of new riches, and*lt would be your,aim in life to posi tively appal those Who.'w-re once your betters;'in tblB' world's good's, with your earthly display. Of course at first you would travelaud all tbat sort oftbiDg, but having soon wearied of tbe pleasures of such a life you would settle down to make things .bum somewhere. Aspira tions such as you never dreamt' of before woultj seize you. Happy in your name of Smith former!^, you '.how would fiud R j'tieceesary tq be known as jUbolmon deley Smythe. All your radical fan cies would vanish, and you, per haps In your younger days a de mocratic stump orator, would soou be founding Institutions for providing in digent governesses with |soup on Fri days, In ),he,bppe that the Queen would hepr of your efforts fntbe tniiBeofcbarlty and reward you with a title. ' I have no room to say further of what you would | do under sucb changed circumstances, except that you would wlBely cut all youc old friends, and either leave yopr rela tives in statu quo ante, or care f-jr them with OBtentatlouB almsgiving. Thank heaven, dear and kind reader,, tbat Mr Holt did not leave you this .prodigious sum, because no doubt thereby a good man would bave been spoilt. I feel sure that my wards bave dropped like balm on many a wounded bouI. iL tt * * '' # Amomq tbe Books: — 'Memorable London Houses' Is tbe title of a work by Mr. Wilmot Harrison, which will be publlBbed shortly by Messrs. Sampson Low and Co. . The object of tbe work Ib to point out existing London [houses wblcb have at some time or 'other been the homeB of celebrities. It will be Illustrated. . . ? Mr, H. Rider .Hag gard has, it Ib said, made publishing arrangements for a new story, In wblcb Queen Esther will prominently figure] To study local colour for tbe new volume Mr. Rider Haggar will shortly start for a tour In Asia Minor and Persia, visiting Persepolls, Shlraz, and probably Bagh ' dad. . . . Sir -William Fraserlcvolume I under the title of ' W .iJs on Welling ton,' will be 'published Bbortiy by Mr. .^fohn C. 'Nlmmo. It will contain several i unpublished anecdotes relating to tbe great Duke, besides fresh' evideuce hs to tbe iocality of the Waterloo Ball. /. } , Mr. C. M. Greene bas an article in the Universal Review for April on Australian writers. . . . Mr. James Anthony Froude attained blBBeventy-firstbirtbday on Tuesday, April 23. , / Nonstable x. 