^_DBAIVIATIC. ; Footlight Flashes. . - I SYDNEY.-"Jack in the Box," : which has fol-; lowed "Jo" in the Theatre "oyal, and in which I Miss Jennie Lee plays tho title part, has with ' pleasanter characteristics a certain flavor of old fashioned melodrama. There is a mysterious murder heard of. Through the cunning of the murderer, an innocent man has been accused of the crime. In helping to bring about the ultimate triumph of virtue over villainy, "Jack " is kept pretty busy, and figures in some *xtraordinary t situations, displaying, however, under all condi tions, an irrepressible tendency to fun. As a con- . trast to " Jo," the character is sufficiently | striking; and, whatever else it may lack, it is certainly not deficient in amusing qualities. Several songB are introduced in it, one of which is an Irish ditty by Mr. Martin, ot " Ballyhooley" and " Killaloe " celebrity. This is given with great spirit by Miss Loo. Her acting allthiough . is full of animation. The ladies and gentlemen by whom she is supported may be generally men tioned as doing their best for "Jack in the Box." The American drama of' " Held by the Enemy," the original:Sydney production of which ' was . witnessed in Her Majesty's Theatre about two years ago, has been revived in the same house. It: deals, as wi]l ne remembered, with events in. connection .with . the . Civil War, | and. has scenes , to which a very sensational interest attaches; while its military episodes ara associated with a love story, the heroine of which; isa patriotic Southern lady, and the hero, a not less patriotic " Soldier ' of the North." One of these characters has introduced a new actress, Miss Florence Stockman, who has appeared for the first time in Australia. The other is repre-i sented, as it formerly was, by Mr. GeorgeRignold, who again succeeds in presenting an impressive' portrait of the Federalist Colonel. As Rachel; M'Creery Miss '-Stockman exhibits no little force and pathos. The remaining parts are entrusted to very compétent hands ; and the spectacular merits of " Held,, by the Enemy," as exhibited ; at Her - Majesty's, are entirely :worthy of the ' managerial reputation! for taste and liberality in such matters.--- ; In the New: Opera House large audiences con '. tinue to witness the performances of the London Pavilion Company.--The charming entertain-, ment presented by Mr. Snazelle in the School of Arts has, as it has well deserved, been growing in popularity.--- Professor Perron, announced on the bills as " the champion of the Enchanted; World," and Miss Ada Fitzroy, a " somnambulist phenomenon," have made their appearance in the Gaiety Theatre, and have given poine remarkable illustrations of their ability. ? A dramatic season, at'popular prices, has begun in the Royal Standard Theatre, under thé management of Mri H. C. Sidney. The company includes Miss ! Alice Norton, MÍ8B Maggie Oliver, and Mr. Harry Leeton.-A unique addition to the amuse ments, of Sydney has been, made by the opening of Mr. John Solomon's "Royal Museum" in a building specially . erected for the purpose in George-street, directly opposite the Town Halli The contents comprise a most varied and interest ing collection of curios, mechanical models of the most ingenious contrivance, wax figures, &c.; ; three Egyptian mummies being included in the list, besides many other novel attractions. MELBOURNE.-In the Princess's Theatre Mrs Burnett's version of her story ot "Little Lord Fauntleroy," with Miss Olive Berkeley as the hero, has been a thorough success. The produc tion has served for the re-appearance on the Mel bourne stage of an old familiar face, associated with the Brooke days -that of Mr. Harry Edwards.-Mr. Edwin Thorne in the Opera House has created a favorable impression as D'Artagnan in the " Beyal Guard," a version of Dumas's " Three "Musqueteers."-In the Theatre Boyal Miss Ach ure h has been Been as the heroine of Boucicault's "Led Astiay." The opera season in the Alexandria is drawing to a close. Kennedy, the mesmerist, is still in St. George's Hall, and the American Midgets in the [Athenoum. The Silbón and Stirk Combina tion is in the Exhibition Building, and Wirth's Circus is in Swanston-street. I BRISBANE.-Last week " The Yeomen of the Guard" was produced for the first time in Bris bane by Boyal Comic Opera Company. ADELAIDE.-In the Theatre Boyal, Frank Thornton's season has been a fairly prosperous one ; the latest production being " Mamma;" I NEW ZEALAND.-Charles Warner's _ tour through Maoriland has had a verv promising baginuing in Dunedin.-Harry Rickards waa recently at Christchurch;, and Fi ank Lincoln at Auckland.-The Simonsen Opera Company was working toward tho South. I STAGE GOSSIP.-Miss Annie Maj or has made a big hit in New Ycrk in a play called _ " The Great Metropolis." The New York HÉKALD has compared her style to that of Miss Agnes Booth, and has pronounced her equal to tho American actress m strength, in truth, and in charm of manner, and has added that, it as ,yet she has not the appearance and refiaemtnt pf Miss Booth, there is no reason way sh« should not acquire them by-and-bye.--"Jacques L'Eventreur " (Jack the Ripper) has at last been produced in Paris. The joint authors of the ; piece profess to have made a close study of Eng lish manners. Their acquaintance with tho latter would, however, appear to ba about equal to; their knowledge of English : names. They have introduced a "Sir \ StevenB " as the head of the London police, and a detective who is styled Robinson Brown. One of the heroines is supposed to be known as La Blackthorne. The terrible hero, attired in a semi-Highland costume, is seen enjoying himself in "La Taverne du Bourreau/' or "The Hang . man's Inn."-George Grossmith began life as a reporter at Bow-street. From tho time he could ; reach a piano he could play on it; and when he was eighteen be was fingering the ivories for Pepper and his Ghost. He wandered until 1877 with his entertainments. One day ' . in that year he received the following from "Mr.'* I Arthur Sullivan : " Are you inclined to go on the 'stage for a time? There is a part in' the new I piece I am doing with Gilbert which I think would suit you admirably. I cannot find a good man for it. Let me have a line, or come and see j me," This offer was accepted.-The well-known novelist, Friederick Spielhaeger, is said to have Written a play which occupies a whole evening, and which will be performed in the coming season at the Deutsches Volks Theatre, in Vienna. The French are seemingly becoming more Catho lic than they used to bo in their dramatic tastes. New versions of some of Shakespeare's plays were recently announced for production in Paris, and later still it has been stated that among the classical performances at the Odeon Theatre will be included Schiller's " Don Carlos," and Goethe's " Egmont."-Al fred Austin, weU-known as an essayist and writer of graoeful verse, has completed a histori cal tragedy which he has entitled " Savonarola," and which, as of course may be divined from its title, bas for its hero the famous Italian monk. -A Frenchman has written a drama for America which, although the hero is a teetotaller, bears the extraordinary title bf "Les Drames du Whisky."-Tony Pastor, the American comedian, now £6 years old, made his first appearance before the public at the age of 6 years by singing at tem perance meetings.- Madame Modjeska devotes a great deal of her time to the rearing of beeB ; farming and gardening also receive much of her attention.-;-Mr. Hall Caine, the author of " The Deemster," is now dramatising his latest novel, " The Bondman." The play when finished will be produced at the Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh, and may possibly afterward be submitted to a London audience. The question as to when limelights were first in troduced on the stage has been raised in " Notes and Queries." Wi h reference to that subject, a writer in the serial just mentioned says that" having seen a statement to the effect that tLe spectacular drama of " Azael," produced at Drury Lane in 1852, by James Ander son, wá3 the first piece in which the limelight was brought into .play, he ad j dressed Mr. Anderson himself with regard to ! the matter. The reply of the veteran actor was that the actual introduction of the limelight I dated as far back as 1837:8, and that that used in " Azael" was simply an improvement on previous eflorts in the same direction.--Among the rt ost remarkable exhibitions of the London art season this year is a picture of Ellen Terry as " Lady Macbeth/'by Mr. J. S.. Sargent. For a new play in which she is to appear, Miss Genevieve Ward has been studying poison effects .under, the instruction of a disting uished medical authority, Dr. Dobbs.--During a recent visit to Buxton J.. L. Toole made a pilgrimage to the I grave of John Kane, a famous comedian of the last century, who had found his last resting place in the Buxton churchyard. Mr. Toole lett a sum' of money in the hands of a gentleman of the : neighborhood for the purpose of having the grave put in proper order; it having been greatly neglected. The actor who sleeps there met with a singular fate. ,ïïe had rome to the town to play an engagement. While dining, he partook or what waj*-«npposed to be horse radish, but what was afterward lound to be root of aconite, from the poisonous? effects ot" which the unfortunate man died in convulsions, 