SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. (Bt ' Chitabob.') I Tho Turf. ' . It ia not 'of ton that, the turfito's ploasmra ia ' Bpoiled by a wot day ; bnt Saturday was an exoeption, aa thoao who wont to Wyndham found out. Thore waB very littlo inflioition of a ohange in tho mornintf ; bnt yon ne7or oon tell in Molbonrne. Ono day it ia a sooroh ; tho next a ehowor ; and the noxt a Bhivor— bnt everyone, from tho parohed-up pastoralist to the race-goer who goes a-raoing unprepared for what onr fioklo olimato may in a moment bring forth, is graceful for tho 'refreshing : rain, : whioh has , many timea appeared ? taintaliaingly near. The speoial trains from Melbourne wero orowded, but by tho time the raoeoonrae at Wyndham waa roaohod the rain began to fall in oarnoat. \- Still, it did. not interior o with the atton ianoo, -whioh' woa , quite np to tho avorajre. 1 It rained incessantly, and partly flooded tha . paddook, whioh in ooneeqnenoo was ao Blippery tbat looomotion waa rendered ? inattor of great diffionlty. not to say danger. ? ''Many a poor devil unwillingly' measured hi9 ? -full lenath in tfco mnd, osusing no little ineirimonfc to those who witnessed hia nn happy plight. Tbe oon:ae, ilikewiBO, wa ulipptry, but no accident a ooonrred, and th : raoing was at times oloao enough to raise th ' \- enthusiasm of the damp spectators. Afiel of five turned ont for the Maidon Plato, an \- everyone was baokod exoopttha winner, Lad \- Bomp, who did the fielders a good turn, al though she was lnoky to beat tho favourite, ?' Aro&dia;, Bloomfiold, who rodo Aroidia, had ?' the raoe' in. hand until a few strides from ? home, when Lady Bomp popped nj) and pulled ? tho raoe ont of the fire'. The jookey waa ? hooted for his oareleaonesa, bnt that he had ? any' intentionlof loaintr the race, aa some of Aroadia's baokers asserted, is not for a moment to bo behoved. Bloomfield simply ' mado a mistake, aa many other jookeys have done in their novitiate. A jookey is not made in a day. There waa nothing muoh to ohooBe between Artichoke, Heotor, and Blaok Prinoe for the Hucdle Kaoe, whioh Artiohoko won all the way. Some of the riders who finished behind were so bespattered with mud as to be almost unrecognisable. The winnor belongs to the erstwhile cross- oountry rider, 8am Floyd. The Wyndham Cup only drew ont seven horses to do battle for the 250 sovs guaranteed by the olub. Fishwife, who waB ridden by Miok O'Brien, was the general favourite, and she waa baoked for a lot of money at 6 to 4. The Caulfield people were very sweet on Gasbnrner's ohance, and Teuton was the fanoy of the Ballarat orowd. The favourite was never in it, bnt Dexter was nearly effeoting a surprise. He died away, however, at the diatanoe, where Gasburner and Teuton Bingled themselves ont and ran a good raoe home, Qaabnrner beating the Ballarat horse by a head only. The .erratio Baoul bolted off the course, r otherwise he might have had a ohanoe, aa he 'was leading several lengths at the time. After the race the stewards Had a surprise in Btore for John Hayes '(Grasbnrner's rider), who, in addition to a fine of £7, was disqualified for two months for diaobedienoo at the poat. This is rather a severe penalty, bnt the lesBon will not be lost. Gasbnrner waB once in the Hon. W. Pearson's stable, sinoe leaving whioh he haa won several good raoes. The betting on ' the Selling Handioap betokened a olose raoe, and so it proved, for Harpooner and Alexandra were so olose together that the judge oould not divide them, andLamperii waa only beaten by a head. The ownerB oould not agree to divide, and for the run off Harpooner was a strong favourite. ' The substitution of Coad for Tomlin- on Alexandra did not have the desired effeot, for Harpooner won pretty . easily. The winner was subsequently sold to Mr. Hobbs for £50,' at whioh price the owner waa only too glad to let him go. Among the runners for the Grandstand Handicap was Baynor'a old horse Desmond, who moved very gingerly. The raoe Went to Abiupt, who waa most fancied at evens. This is the first raoe he has won sinoe his nams waa ohanged from Master John. Notwithstand ing that there were three prize3 for the MambonrinHandioap.it only brought out two . runners, and Julian Gray easily beat Impetus, who never had the ghost of a ohanoe. There was again a largo oonoonrse of Bpeo tators at Moonee Valley on Tnosday, to dis miss the promisouons programme pnt forth by tha wide-awake proprietor, who ia always to the-fore in 'catering for the amusement of the groat Australian publio. The day was not one of the pleasontest, for it was hot, humid and dusty ; bn$, nevertheless, the G.A.F. went away quite satisfied with their moneys worth. A field of a dozen oame out for the Maiden Plate, a favourite being found in Perfection, a brother to St. Lawrenoe and Jeremy Diddler, |who led to within about a dia tanoe from home, when he shut np suddenly, and Little Bob, by St. Albans, owned by Mr. Morris Jaooba. won with something in hand. Little Bob, however, was unfortunate. His trainer had entered him aB a aolt, instead of aa a gelding, and on an objeotion being raised .'there was nothing for it bnt to disqualify the winner and give the raoe to Albert, who oame in Seoond. Trainers cannot be too oareful in describing their horseB en the entry form. It ia hard lines to win a raoe and lose the prize, to say nothing of exposing the horse's form. Infelloe was the tip for the Eoo-wee-rup Handioap (12.3 ponies), but Flirt, who was well baoked, won all the way. The Narqar Goon Handioap (13.2 ponies) waB won by the favourite, Twilight, 'and Bhody seoured the 14' hands Gin-Gin-Boa Handioap (where the diokens does Mr. Cox get these queer-looking words fromP) The day before Bhody waB bought by auotion for 58gs by an Indian trader named JenkinB, who thu3 got his money baok at the first time of asking. Bhody ought to do well in India, for he iB undoubtedly one of the best horses ever seen in Australia. He is thoroughbred, too, being by Emblem from Aotive'a dam. It ia seldom that a race oreates suoh a surprise aa did tlie Sallin? Baoe, for whioh baokers readily took even money about slippery (Little) Diok, but Horman, who on previous form hadn't 109 to 1 ohanoe, won easily from Tilburn, after having been left at the post. The result was a throw in for the bookmakers, who were never asked to write his name. After the raoe Norman was bought by Mr. C. Filgate for £115, whioh ia quite £50 more than he ia worth. ' Of course the £115 went into Mr. Cox's fob. Good Iron went out at evens for the Galloway Handioap, but he oould get no noarer thanthiid to Hector, a son of Progress, who was well steered by Oaborne. There waa a big rush to get on L'hloris for the Narre Warren Handicap, but with the baokirig of Umbra., she wpnt back to 2 to 1, at which price Umbra and,Chloris divided favouritism. Umbra made theiunning to the turn, where Chloris taoblcd her, and after a good set-to, woneanily from Master Jaok, who paesed the tiring Umbra in the run home. Whioh I wish to remark that Dandenong, not to pnt too fine a point on it, is ' a warm hole.' It always has boon. But what a pan demonium it will be when (after May 1) the V.B.C. authorities withdraw their patronage, and allow the stewards— their photographs, by-the-bye, are to be issued with ' Our Little Beauties'— to do what thoy like! Some of the bookmakers are full of Dande nong, and now many of them prefer a day's idleness to going there; but Friday's meeting was well attended, nevertheless. Kitty (3 to 1) bo t a loner way the best of tbe start in the 13\. Hands Pony Handioap, otherwise she oonld not have won. The owner of the seoond, Infelioe, entered a protest for jostling, bnt for obvions reasons it was not allowed. The 12 Hands Pony Handioap also went to a Dandenongerwith Colleen Bawn (2 to 1) ; but Bob Savior gave the fielders a tnrn up in the 13.2 Pony Handioap, whioh he won with Tower Hill, 'who up Jet . an odds-on favourite in Hermit. ? The speedy Liberatress (3 to 1) had no diffionlty in appro priating the Bracelet Stakes, for whioh Alexandra was favourite at 6 to 4. Amy (3 to 1) took the 13 Pony Selling Baoe. The real fan began with a horse raoe. The pnblio baoked Baalamb, little knowing that the party connected with him were backing an other ortiok oalled Mother Carey's Chicken, belonging to one of the stewards. At the fall ot the flag Mother Carey'B Chiokgn waa aotnally. favourite at odds on. When the flag dropped Baalamb . was left lengths be hind. Nearing home Mother Carey 'a Chioken appeared to be winning easily ; and the rider of Baalamb, in order, perhaps, to prevent un plea Bant consequences, hurried up his mount, and put in a blundering make-believe finish. Unfortunatelyforthe plotters Mother Carey's Chioken, who, ' all fair and square, hadn t a million* to ono ohance, began to stop, and Baalamb flashed past the post a winner by half a length ! As a rale an owner of horses is glad to win a raoo, but it was very evident that the Baalamb .party wero dieappointod at their unexpected tucoeaa, and thoir faoes baoame as long as a fiddle. But they had another ohanoo— they protested psaiart thefr wtthowfc totftlw puWlto. who; in their ignoranoe, had beoVed Baalamb, were _ now thoroughly roused, and assumed suoh a.' menacing attitude that the stewards, in fear ' of their very lives, were glad to.let well alone. If Baalamb had been disqualifiel it is oortain ihat tho oourae would have boon devaatitod, every atiok would have boen trazod to tho ground, but tho stewards forseoing the danger ? wisely averted tho disaster. For tho 12 2 Pony Handionp Sarah Boll, Partridge,- and Littlo' Queen wero all baoked at 2 to 1, and they finished first, seoond, and third, Partridge wisiiirg easily from Sarah Bell. Dandenong haB earned a moat unenviable notoriety, but it is still allowed to flourish. How long will ltlSBt? The Ballarat Minors' Turf Club held a meeting on Saturday, but wot woathor inter fered with its suooosa, and the number of fpeotators waa only limited. Little Frank, who won the Hurdle Baoe, was objooted to for having run under a wrong namo. The consideration of tho protest was postponed to another day. Mr. J. O. Inglis rode Dalga in tho Biaoelot Stakes, and of oourse tho ally waa favourito ; but she had no ohanoe with Minor, who led all the way. Mitauer, by Maribjriong— Millinor, 83bured tha Silling Baco, and waa afterward eold t? Mr. T. Wil son, the well-known trainer, for £31. Rooruit waa among the runnera, but oould not got a place. Smolensk, a borae of Mr. WiUon's own breeding, by Sunlight— KUa, oaaUy ap propriated tho April Handicap, aud Saurian who waa only opposed b£ Ulomrah, added the Steepleohase to hia long list of viotorioa. Tno Pony Selling Bace went to the favourito, Master Gub; The entries for tho 'V.B.C. Meeting on Saturday next are very poor, and the mooting does not promise to be muoh better than some ofthe sntrarban gatherings now so popular in Melbourne. At the Colao Eaoes there was a.diapate over tho Steepleohase, whioh, although none of the runners went the proper course, was deolared a raoe, and Native, belonging to ? a local sportsman, was deolared the winner. Mr, Hart, the ownorof Milepost, who ran sooond, appealed to the V.B.C., with a view to having the raoe deolared null and void. Last week the oommittee of tho V.B.C. upheld the appeal, and all bets there fore are off. The V.B.C. has deoided for the fatura to have nothing to do with pony raoing ; and has thus paved the way for the formation of a PoDy and Galloway Association. Taere will be Bome diffionlty in forming suoh a desirable assooiation, however ,- for the best men conneoted with the government of turf affairs in Viotoria are inclined to look askance at pony raoing, and unless good men — men ' of integrity, firmness and respectability — oan be plaoed at the head of affairs, snofc an institution would be worse than worthless. The new regula tion will come into operation on the first day of May, after whioh mixed meetings will know Moonee Valley no more, unksa the pro prietor subsidises the stakes for horse -raoe 3 to the extent of 400 sovs., whioh isoompulaory within a radius of ten milea of Melbourne. The picture of Mentor, exeouted by Mr. F. Woodhonse, jun., to the order of Mr. Donald Wallaoe, haB exoited the admiration of thousands who have had oooaaion within the last few daya to pass the window of Measra. Allan and Co., in Collins street, where it has been on view. The figures of O'Brien and Walter Hiokenbotham are very life-like, and the characteristic featurea of the Melbourne Cup winner have been hit off to a nioety. The ohesnut gelding by The Englishman— Bluelight haB been named John Bright, and the ohesnut gelding by The Englishman— True Bine, Briton. The disappointing horse Lord Allen has been added to the liat. The disqualification of the amateur rider Mr. W.' J. Cox, and the mare DansenBe, for enspioions running at Moonee Valley, has been endorsed by the V.B.C. The brother to Lamond, owned by Mr. B. B. Pell, haa been named Aooident. The ranks of trainers at Flemington have recently been inoreased by the addition of Mr. W. L. Tredren, who for many years was the mainstay of the turf . in Daniliqun. Ho has taken Tully's stables at the rear of the Ascot' Vale Hotel, where Millewa, Boyal Pardon, Sinoerity and Karuma are located. Bnmour is responsible for saying that the Mentone Racing Club ia in difficulties. ' On Friday night the polioe made a raid on some of the betting ohopa. In Barney Allen'a place two men named Abraham Moas and Thomas Kelly were arrested, and on Saturday morning they were brought np at the City Court on a charge of being in a oommon gaming house, Mr. Lazarus, who pro3eoutad, applied for a remand till next Friday, and bIeo aaked for the discharge of the prisoner Kelly, in order to use him as a witness againat Moas and othera who were to be arrested on similar oharges. The request was granted. ' The jookey Murphy, who usually rides for H. Connolly's stable, met with a serious aooident on Saturday .morning, while sohooling ahorse over hnrdlea on the Caulfield raoe conrse. The horse fell, and rolled over him, and he was removed in an nooonsoiohs state to the Alfred Hospital, bnt nothing seriouB is apprehended. Melbourne, Tuesday Night. The race meeting at Oakleigh Park, fixed for to-morrow (Wednesday), has bean post poned until Wednesday week. The steepleohaser Beadsman II., who wa3 hnrt by falling in the hurdle raoe at Caul field, has sinoe died from his injuries. 