A. Mysterious *' GHiost.' Successfully Laid. For a long time past the various officers in the Railway Commieeioners' ofSoe have been puzzling to acoiunt for the petty sums of money which have disappeared from their offices. Various traps were set to discover the culprit by those interested, but all in vain. Sums of money were leit on tables, and some ona was piacea in a poBiuon wnere tie could see but could not be seen, but the offender was evidently wideawake acd refused the bait. The officers of the department, from the mysterious manner in whioh tbe moDey disappeared, face tiously termed the unknown thief, the ghost. Last Saturday however the Ghost was success fully laid and in a most unlooked for manner. On that date it to discovered that a youog lad named George Woods, employed in the offioe, part of whose duty it wasto pay sums due for freight on parcels, sent through the shipping companies, was in the habit of overcharging the department to the tune of an odd sixpence or shilling on each parcel. The boy's father was at once informed of tho matter and asked to bring the boy with| him to the commissioner's office.. The father promised to do so, but the hoy left home and was not seen again by his father. On Monday it was discovered alBO that the lad had stolen a oheque for £7 lie. 2d., the property of and Bigned by, Mr. W. R. Curtis, railway arbitrator. This cheque, along with several others, was entrusted to the lad to put ia the post tffico. The boy opened the letter, and abstracted the cheque. He then attempted to get one of the young messenger boys to cash the cheque, promising him a share of the proosedn. The boy, however, refused, as ho saw Mr. iCurtis's name attaoned to it. Woods said that;the name was not that of the railway arbitrator, but of another Mr. Curtis, and that he had found tho oh:que. The boy, however, still refnaed, and some time afterwards informed his superiors of the occurrence. Young WoodBthon proceeded to the Parliament build ings where ho attempted to induce a messenger lad to c jah tho oheque, but again without avail. A warrant was then issued by Mr. Curtis for the arrest of the boy, and yesterday morn ing one of the offloera of the department caught sight of young Woods in George street. He at once gave chase, and after a stiff run succeeded in catching him. After a good deal of struggling the lad was safely brought to the Railway Commissioners' oflioe, whore he was given into the enstody of the police. 