CRUMBS. The Jersey Lily coming. G.O.M. again on the briny. i Lombardy peasants rioting. ; ; Wharf property improving. i A wonderful food-preserver. Revival of naval enthusiasm. , Shakspeare Society still lives. '. Terrible experience of the Czar. , . What are the detectives about? . Is another mining boom coming Z . Look to yonr window fastenings. ; Phil. Robinson in the Divorce Court, Abont time those burglars were rnn in. . Plenty of leaders, but no one to follow. .. -Gossip is not the Australian champion. . Humanity gladly owns Father Damlen. Afghanistan Amir's enemies clearing ont. A Scotch farmer ohiel oome to tak' notes. Great Anti-Home-Rule meeting In Sydney. Berlin Press soft-sawdering King Humbert Silesian colliers colliding with the military. No peace for the Commercial Bank Direc tors. , Holy Father completely reoovered once .more. . The Prisoner of the Vatican badly indis posed. Eev. F. Hastings goes for teetotal absti nence. ! British investor pretty siok of Australian . mines. House of Lords do not believe In women's rights. State Bank Commission is considering the .report Californians again supplying Sydney with wheat. Another politioal campaign proposed by the G.O.M. Niece of Jefferson Davis oharged with murder. Adelaide oan show Melbourne a few wrinkles. .. Was Irving Bishop murdered by the .medioosl Fratricide at the Zoo-Museum gains a Bpeoimen. Claims of PortDarwin to defenoe praotioally conceded. Mr. Bent has another lawsuit on hand about land. Another little Prinoe for Her Majesty to provide for. Old Blood-and-Iron threatens to oure the strike fever. Grand Old Man preparing to go on the ?tump again, Perfeot revolution, if the food preserver story is true. Mind readers had better make good terms with doctors. Federal aotion should be invited to proteot Port Darwin. Baohefort run in in London for attempted assassination. Boulanger's bail not good enough for London Police. Medicos in search of Thought-reader Bishop's seoret. Extraordinary death of the. first British thought reader. Looks as if 1889 will be notorious for floods and storms. Don't get into a oataleptic tranoe while dootors are about Oh, the terrible erime of saying " Bosh 1" to the Chancellor. Bedaubing a neighbour forms a large part of Sydney politics. Ladies to be shut out of County Councils More male tyranny. Old Quebeo has had a big fire, Thousand people camped out. Sir William Jervols a military engineer ing superintendent. Rochefort to keep the peace for six months -while in England. The Lords won't have other old ladies sit on County Councils. Classification of youths at Moonta the cause of the trouble. Samoana getting short of tnoker, thanks to their Dutch friends. Emperor Billy wants to see a big muster of his grandma's bulldogs. Grand Old Man's death duties' motion re jected by majority of 76. Baron de Worms is still all alive on the Snear Bounties trouble. Cannot we supply Marvellous Smelbourne with a sanitary engineer ? Banks and brokers felt nasty when Premier Playford outwitted them. Bwell London gamblers acquitted; owners of dens and official* fined. Russian officers suspeoted of plotting against the Czar snioided. German fieiohstag in a tumult. Boss Bis marok cleared out in a rage. North Adelaide verandah-posts getting decorated with barbed wire. Tn a onbio inoh of space 88,346,000 dust partlolea have been counted. Berlin merohants proposing to ship their countrymen to pastures new. The Zoo boss should advertise his next tiger-fieht-big house oertain. Governor-General of Warsaw's Palace undermined with gunpowder. Is the West Australian Government trying to stem the tide of sympathy ? Westphalian ooalminers' strike causing a daily loss of a million marks, Ixindon fruitmen want to send an expert to show us how to grow grapes. Hope his shanty will feel the first effect of an invasion, if any comes along. Emperor William advises colliery owners to keep " in touch" with their men. Miss Cornwell's Outer Harbour soheme Is likely to have strong opposition at home. Some lady dootors ao not practise what they preach in the matter of tight- ladng. Presents valned at £70,000 sent by the Sultan to Emperor William and his wife. The Thunderer has paid 40s. into Conrt in 'liquidation of ParneU's claim for £100,000. German Reichstag to have something else to do next year than passing ppaoefnl laws. A wild man, olad In akin and old bags, caught in the ranges west of Port Augusta. Old Bowley will be wanted at home for that "Cornwall" spec. Can we spare him ? American military treasury esoort attaoked and robbed of about 830,000 by highwaymen. "Despite all Dillon & Co.'s protests to the contrary, what they wanted was separation." Adelaide riflemen beaten by Sydney shootists. Scores-Sydney, 1,131; Adelaide. 1,116. Port Augusta taker attacked 1 y ft boat and lost mouthful of hie thigh in tne scrim mage. "A gloomy face ooold not be pnrohased anywhere in the North at a guineapersquare inoh." Old Streeter isn't so bad as he looks-has presented tec of precious etonea to our Mines School. Devonians and Cornishmen to get the G.O.M.'B first explanation of his Home Bole soheme, . ? ? ? ? Hie Czar is oautioned not to venture out even to meet the Shah of Persia on his arrival. Ten minutes' interview with Emperor William was enough for the WeBtphalian strikers, A Customs officer must oombine the qualities of merchant, linguist, deteotire, and redtapist. Can the names of Sir J. W. Downer, Mr. Burgoyne, and Mr. Duncan charm a majority} "The agitators who boiled the Home-Rale hell-broth relied upon their poor dupes to ladle it out."' Melbourne Cup-day would appear to have quite a saintly influenoe,aooording to an Eng lish observer. Commissioner Bussell had better raUe the land assessments of flayford'a " person named Gray." The lessons of Newcastle, Adelaide, Ballarat, and Brisbane seem to be lost upon Port Unionists. H.M.S. Calliope oarries 4 6-inch breach loaders, 12 5-inoh do., 10 machine guns, and 2 torpedo tubes. Emperor William threatens to shoot every man amongst those ooalminera who attempts any Socialist oapen. Now then, Mr. Gray, give the land'and pay for the foundation (conorete) say for one of those beautiful guns. Shareholders do like other people to fight their battles, but they never invite outsiders to Bhare the dividends. French Government banqueted by repre sentatives of the thirteen States of the American Union in 1879. " Home Bnle, instead of resulting in the progress and prosperity of Ireland, would really mean Rome Rule." Increased facilities for proonring divorce in England has not increased" the propor tionate number of cases. Louis Y. of France, surnamed the Dono thing, the last ot the race of Charlemagne, was poisoned May 21, 986, The able, thoughtful, manly, and truly Christian ntteranoes of Mr. Woods will be much missed in Adelaide. Anybody who would try to get at the Government when acting for the colony's defenoe deserves to be ostracised. On the one hand the OuBtoms must be the instrument of class robbery, and on the other the police of commercial morality. Coloured lights are being tried in treatlug the insane. Bed light is said to cure melan cholia; blue to overcome insomnia. Nadir Shah, King of Persia, defeated the invading Turkish Army May 22, 1734. Nadir was then in the zenith of his fame. Train at North Melbourne missed points. A coffin, a lot of sticking-plaster, and a pile of sovereigns required before damages re paired. H.M.S. Orlando oarries as armament 2 9} . inoh 22-ton breaohloaders, 10 6 . iuoh breachloaders, 23 machine Runs, and, 6 tor pedo tubes. " It is but natural that the people of Wes tern Australia" and Ireland " should turn for sympathy and support to those who have long enjoyed the blessings of Home Bnle." Melbourne discovering that her Fire Brigade ehonld be modelled after Adelaide's. Look here I We had better annex Victoria at onoe, and teach her how to govern her seltl That good man, earnest preacher, liberal minded theologian, and kind-hearted Chris tian Dean RusBell " died in harness," May 20, 1886, from the effects of a fall at the Town Hall. On the 17th of May, 1857. the memorable mutiny at the city of Delhi broke out. The rebels established themselves there four months and were then heroioally dislodged by the British troopi. That famous painter Albert Durer was born at Nurenbere May 20, 1471. His im perishable works nave already survived him 860 years, and may be inspected any day at Dresden, Vienna, Munioh, or Prague. Dr. PageB, the Frenoh navigator, reaohed the 81° north latitude in attempting to pene trate to the pole "where all life ales, death lives," and desolation reigns, May 16. His eareer is recorded in the pages of history.1 It was on the 18th May, 1566, that the TurkB abandoned the siege of Malta. They had been blazing away for four months, and had lost 30,000 men before they discovered that discretion was the better part of valour. In Naples considerable suooess has followed the removal of portions of deceased lungs in animals. More than 60 per cent, of the oases recovered, and it is thought the time will come when it will be a reoognised part of surgical practice. Stanislaus Lubrenitski, a oelebrated Sooi nian Minister and his two daughters were poisoned May 18,1675, at Denmark, whither he had fled from his native Poland from the wrath of the relentless fiend of persecution. O tempora ! O mares t The high morale of the Prize Bing at pre sent, and the high estimate whioh its patrons set upon the ona fides of the bruisers, is shown by the exhibition of a photograph of Jem Smith's injured foot in the window of a sporting newspaper office, Henry VIII. espoused the Lady Jane Sey mour, daughter of Sir John Seymour, as hie third wife May 20, 1536. What did he see more in her than in all the other maids of honour (or of dishonour) of his Court that he should pay hiB oourt to her in partionlar ? A terrible earthquake shook the ancient city of Antioah to its foundations May 20, A.D. 526, by whioh 250,000 lives were lost, " At Bis touch The mountains smoke; He shakes the solid globe, And rocks the nations." The Hon. Cornelia Petties, sister of Lord Dudley, was killed in the hunting- field .at Nenagh, County Tipperary. on December 28. Her horse stumbled, she fell from the Baddle, her feet became entangled in the stirrups, and she was dragged to death head down wards. On the 16th of May, 1811, the Anglo Spanish Army, commanded by Lord Beres ford, defeated the French-under Marshal Soult, at Albuera, in Spain. If the report of the allies ia not all lies, 8,000 Frenchmen were knooked down on the orimson field in four honrs. That profligate monarch, Charles IL of England, married the Princess Catharine of of Portugal May 21, 1662, for the sake of her large dowry, and afterwards shamefully neeleoted her. He was called "TheMerne Monaroh," bnt he was not "merryand wise," but otherwise. Jamei I. of Sootlan mi crowned May 22, 1424, having been kept in captivity eighteen yean. At the axe of forty-four he was murdered on aocoant of the strong measures he had taken to curb the rebellions tendencies of the nobility-" uneasy reata the head that man a crown." Anew form of electrical rail way ia being erected at St. Paul, Minnesota. The oars do: not touohthe ground, bnt are suspended from girders which form the traok, and c t the same time the mains conveying the' current. Speeds of from 8 to 10 miles per hour are expected. That intercolonial railway, which has bridged the desert and enabled the tourist to fcxonange the mnrky atmosphere of Mel bourne for the exhilarating zephyrs of " Ade laide the Beautiful," was began, May 21, ?. 1879; just ten years ago. Catharine 1, UmpresBof Russia, died May 17,1727. She woa successively the daughter : of poor peasants, the wife of a Swedish dragoon, the mistress of General Bauer,, and of Prince Menzikoff, the wife of Peter the Great, the mother of his eight children, and j his snocessor on the Imperial throne, The latest thing in inoculation is buffalo-; pox. In India they are cultivating the bovine virus for vacoination through young buffaloes. But, shades of Mayne Reid and Fenimore Cooper, is this a romantio use to I make of the "lion of the ruminants" that roamed over the prairies of onr youth 7 MiBS Mitchell, a qualified lady dootor, re- : cently applied to the' Medical Board of Quebec for a licence to praotise. The licence was granted, the Board deciding that the fact of the applicant being a woman was no disqualification, the word " candidate" mentioned in the law applying to both sexes. Some workmen while pulling down an old house in Walsall oame acroBS a bag contain ing over a hundred sovereigns ooncealed in the chimney. Instead of reporting the matter as treasure trove they divided the money between themselves, The men were arrested and remanded on a oharge of detaining the money. In Japan man certainly "wants but little here below." With ootton clothes, a diet of rice and fish, and a house of wattle and daub, domestic bills are not high. An ordinary coolie or labourer in the fields is content with 2s. 6d. a week. A Clerk in a Government office is well paid with £50 a year, and a Cabinet Minister with £1,000. KeroBine is repellent to worms and insects; saturating the ends to be buried with this oil has proved a safeguard; the supply is kept up by boring a small hole in the post a few feet above ground, slanting down and reach ing below the centre, which requirBs re filling about onoe in three years. Nearly every kind of oil is equally efficient. On the 22nd of May, 1813, Napoleon gained a great victory over the Russians and Prus sians at the Battle of Bautzen, situated on the right bank of the Spree " Oh, the 8tin in heaven fierce havoc viewed, When the Bnraians turned to fly; And the brave, in the trampling multitude, Had a fearfal death to die." The Greek, Russian, and Coptic Churohes commemorate the death of Constantino the Great, May 21. This event seoured A.D. 337, when that famous Christian warrior had reaohed the 63rd year of his age. Ungratefnl Constantinople in this enlightened age dis owns its founder and defies the " standard with the strange devioe" "In boo signo vinces." Dr. Solander, the famous naturalist, died 1782, eged 46. He was by birth a Swede, and a student of the famous Linnaeus. After having aooompanied Sir Joseph Banks in his voyage round the world nnder Captain Cook he was made Assistant Librarian at the British Museum. Botany Bay was so named by him on agoount of the many new plants found there. In America automatio boxes are made to do considerably more duties than in England. Several theatres have adopted these maohines for supplying the people with opera-glasses, and the system is said to work satisfactorily for every one-public and proprietors. The glasses! are returned with remarkable regu larity, but as they are stamped all over with tbe Company's name, this doeB not necessarily reflect muoh credit on the public. Battle of Vittoria, May 21, 1813. Here Napoleon, shivering with the oold of his recent Russian oampaign, found that Wel lington had made it a trifle too warm for him. The " Iron Duke" was more than a matoh for the ambitions Corsloan. " Brave Wellington, the Iron Duke, 3 here made proud Boney yield, And after a long, fierce, raging fight, To fly the crimson field." It was on tbe 22nd of May, 1688, that the wife of a London linen-draper gave birth to a puny little son, who in after years obtained a European reputation as a translator of Homer, an " Essay on CritioiBm," the " Rape of the Look," an " Essay on Man," and other popular poems. The barque Fides was wreoked off Kangaroo Island, May 22,1860, The captain, second mate, and eight seamen were drowned, and the cargo valued at £21,800 was destroyed, Henry VI. of England died in the Tower May 22, 1471, aged fifty. Crooked-back Riohard of Gloucester has been greatly maligned if he was not the asBaBsin I'll hear no more; die prophet, in tby speech; For thiB ainoDgBt the rest was I ordained. So spake the aspiring prince who had " neither pity, love nor fear." And with necessity, the tyrant's plea, Excused his devilish deeds. Conrad IV... Emperor of Germany, died, some say in prison, May 22,1254. Four years before this he was eleoted Emperor on the death of his father Frederick II. But Pope InnocentlV. claimed the right of disposing of the Crows, and having nominated Wil liam of Holland he preaahed a orusade against Mister Conrad. Then that "noble youth," though only 25 years old. marohed into Italy. Itook Naples, Capua, and other plaoes, and made his quietus. Was Innosent innocent of his death ? Chronologists fix the date of the Battle of Cannee on May 31, b.O. 216. Here Hannibal, the intrepid Carthaginian warrior, defeated the Roman_ legions with the loss of 40,000 men, including 5,600 knights. That historian says-" The army of Hannibal consisted of 40,000 foot and 10,000 horse, and the slaughter was so great that he sent to Carthage three bushels of gold rings taken from the Roman knights slain in the battle." Yes, it was on May 15, 1567, a lovely morning of spring, " When everything around them looked moat beau tiful end bright," that the Earl of Bothweli led to the sacred altar of Hymen the beautiful and accom plished Mary Queen of Soots. Mary and Bothweli looked both well and happy, little dreaming of their impending troubles "Heaven from all creatures hides the book of fate. Except the page prescribed the present r tate." But didn't the ghost of Darnley darken their honeymoon ? Paul Rapin, the famous Frenoh historian, died May 16,1725, aged 64. The history of Englsndwas one of the results of tbe re vocation of the Ediot of Nantz. How so 1 Why you see be was a staunch Huguenot' and being driven by that ediot to England he obtained* military oon^mand in Ireland, bat, being wounded In theleg at the 'siege of Limeriok, he: sold hi* commission In the Foot, ana devoted himself to literature.' His "History of England" was] publishedat the Hague in ten hnge quarto "volumes, and wm afterwards translated into English by Nicholas TicdaL It was brought down to the death of William IIL< Napoleon was declared Emperor oi the French, May 18,1804. Just before this a plot was.disoovered to take his life, inwhioh the Bourbon Princes were said to .have bees im plicated. And what did the aspiring N. B. do ? He oansed the innocent young Duke d'Eu ghien to be arrested, and after a mock trial to be shot as "an awful example;" and in justification of his conduct he wrote-"I nave never personally offended these Bour bons; bat a neat nation has ohosen me to govern it, ana almost all Europe has sanc tioned itB choioe. My blood, after all, ia not ditohwater, and it is time to plaoe it on a par with theirs." Xhe estimated {population of Victoria on the 31st Maroh last was 1,097,004 The total allowanoe for unrecorded departures since tbe census of 1881 was taken has been 42,999, viz., 34,240 males and 8,759 females. Had no suoh allowanoe been made, the apparent popnlation at the end of Maroh would have been 1,140,C03, viz, 618,555 males and 521,448 females. An estimate based upon returns made annually Iby the muni cipal authorities of the populations of their respective districts, supplemented by an allowance for suoh portions of the colony as have not been brought under local self government, gives the total population at the end-of March as 1,103.605, or 6,601 more than the estimate given above. The total exoess of recorded arrivals over reoorded departures during the quarter was 4,821, the greatest gain to the population being from Tasmania (2,348), the next from the United Kingdom (1,627), then from South Australia^389), foreign countries (180), New Zealand (149), and New Sonth Wales (128). It was on the 20th -May, 1506, that Chris topher Columbus breathed his last at the age of sixty-nine. His many discoveries in cluded the Bahamas, Cuba, Hayti, Trinidad, Margarita, and America The treaohery of his envious foes and the tyranny of Boradilla, whom Queen Isabella had sent to Hayti to supercede Columbus as Governor of that large West Indianlsland,nnltedagainathim, Well, U. C.. C. C. put out to C.| being- sent by Boradilla to Europe in ohains, which the captain would have removed, but the lion-hearted disooverer refused to be liberated, saying, " I will wear them till the King otherwise commands, and then I will preserve them as memorials of his gratitude." All Spain felt indignant at the insult offered to so great a man. He was in stantly liberated, and at his own reqoest his fetters were buried with him in the Cathedral of Savllle. If the reader will just drop into that Cburoh some fine afternoon when he has a spare half hour he will find a monu ment to the memory of C.C., with this inscription" To Castile and Leon Colam bns has given a new world." Prinoe Talleyrand died May 17,1838, aged 84\. He was rendered lame for life by a Fall when only a year old. But during his long voyage upon the ocean of time he was pretty considerably tossed about by the blllowa of passing events. He was successively Agent General for Ecclesiastical Affairs, Bishop of Anton, an exoommunioated renegade, a sup porter of Mirabeau, an advocate of the sale o Church lands and the secularization of edu cation, a Royalist, an Ambassador or Pleni potentiary to the Court of St. James, a refugee in the United States, was created by Napoleon as Vice - Grand Eleotor of the Empire, offended the Emperor by his advooaoy of an alliance of England and France, predicted and mate rially hastened the fall of the Empire, was appointed by Louis XIII. Minister of Foreign Af&irs;, was oreated a Peer of France, and polished off his publio oareer by aoting for five years as Ambassador Extraordinary of LouiB Phillippe to the English Conrt One of his biographers says"He waB unquestion ably one of the greatest men of his time, To a great talent for business he added that per feotoommind overblmself whiohissoessential to a diplomatist. His wit was oanstio, ready, and penetrating, rivalling that of Voltaire; his conversational powers were exceptionally brilliant, and he preserved all the qualities of bis great mind nntll the oloBe of nis long life." So muoh for Talleyrand. 