ART & LITERATURE That very unpleasant ex-King Milan of Servia is going to write his autobiography with the intention of presenting the volume to his son, the present king, when the youth reaches his majority. The first volume of another 'series' has just made its appearanoe in London. This is 'Baron Munchausen's Travels,' illustrated with Crowquill's original blocks. The Lotos Series is the name of this new enterprise. Two styles of binding are used. A brilliant but dissipated English writer once gave this queer excuse for yielding to 'flowing bowl' temptations: 'Well, the truth of the matter is that I have to stupefy myself to a certain extent before I can fully enjoy an ordinary conversation.' It was an arrogant but apparently perfectly frank re- mark. The secret of Thackeray's influence hardly appears on the surface. Had he been a sa- tirist pure and simple, the most delicate humour would scarcely commend him to an age which suffers from indigestion of thought and can only concede the ghost of a smile to burlesque itself. Some few of us, no doubt, of wonderful reserve power, can bear the extra strain of observant humour. For them the turmoil has its compensations, and satire seems the salt of life. For the rest, Thack- seray would taste like a dry and bitter crust, but for a characteristic more winsome than it—viz., fellow-feeling. He walks arm-in- arm with the reader through the world of motive and action; and he rings out his comments without thinking to wound you, or laughing in his sleeves at you, like Disraeli. Indeed he is confident you will feel as he does, for his indignation is real and natural, unalloyed by the wish to prove his powers or satisfy a secret bitterness.—Atalanta. 'The Surprising Adventures of Baron Mun- chausen, are believed to have been written in English by a Gerinan—half savant, half rogue—named Rudolph E. Raspe, who, after stealing a case of valuable medals from the museum at Cassel, took refuge in England. Here he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society, and was subsequently expelled from that learned body. He died in Ireland in 1479 The first edition of 'Munchausen's Travels' was published at Oxford in 1786. It was said to be a satire on the the memories of the French traveller and diplomatist Baron de Tott, though a sequel was dedicated to our own African explorer, James Bruce. But Raspe certainly stole a good many of his stories, as he stole the medals. Some are taken from Lucian's 'Icaro Menippus.' Two are traced by Southey to a Portuguese periodical. The tunes frozen in a post-horn may have been suggested either by the account of the battle between Armasphians and Nephelebites, in Rabelais, or by Addison's well-known essay in the Tatler. Munchausen has been illustrated by Rowlandson, Cruick- shank, and Gustave Doré. 