LATEST CABLE INTELLIGENCE. ?. .— — — --r~+ ? ,?'.'?. r- 'r-\;::--:-t (From the Daily Papers.) ? : THE 'MEMBER FOR AUSTRiLIA' SNUBBED. BIB. HENNIKEB HEATON, M P., AND THE POSTAL FAD. London, March 26. — In the House of Commons labt night, Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P. for Can terbury, asked the Postmaster-General a question con--erDirig postal matters. The Right Hon. Cecil Bailees, Postrnaster G- neial, iu replying, apologised to the House for being under the necessity of answering the trivial postal questions of the hon. member for Canter bury. Mr. Hpaton was higbly indignant at the ro marks ( f Mr. Raikes, and gave notice of a motion of censure on the Postmaster-General. The Sydney Daily Telegraph, commenting on the cablegram, humorously remarks : — A very serious difficulty has developed itself in the House of Commons. Raikes and Heaton have officially quarrelled over the everlasting penny postage question. For a consideiable time the Postmaster-General tolerated tho one idea of ' the member for Australia.' There wore occa sions when he even appeared to sympathize with it to some extent. But the farce is played out. Mr. Raikes' patience is exhausted, and on Mon day night he had the audacity to apologize to the House oi' Commons for the necessity of having to answer Mr. Heaton' s trivial postal questions. This was a singularly contemptuous way of deal ing with an irrepressible inter; ogator. But Aus tralia will rejoice to learn that its representative was quite equal to what in all probability was a quite unanticipated emergency. Heaton at once gave notice of a motion of censure on Raikes. This, we take it, should prove the hugest joke of the session. It may be assumed that 'the mem ber ror Australia' has hired a new ' ghost,' and that a scathing speech will be delivered when the hour for moving the threatened censure arrives. The fight should be to a finish. In thac event we may yet have the satisfaction of knowing that Mr. Heaton is as thoroughly understood and ap preciated in the Hoiise of Commons as he ia in Sydney. 