A Hardy Horseman. $ CHAPTER XV.—continued. . . BY EDNA LYALL, They walked home , in silence, Miss Charlotte • grieving over the hopeless failure of the meeting to achieve what site desired. She had not yet learnt that different natures need different kinds of food, and that to expect Frithiof to swallow the teaching whicliexactlysuited certain minds was about as sen-, sible as to feed a baby with ThorleyV Food for Cattle. However, there never yet was an honest attempt to do good which really failed,' though the vast majority fail apparently. It was impos-. sible that the revivalists' teaching could ever be accepted by the Norseman; but their ardent devotion,-their practical, •aggressive lives, impressed him not a •little, and threw a somewhat disagreeable •light over his own selfishness. Partly •owing to this, partly from physical causes, he felt bitterly-out of heart with himself for the aext few weeks. In truth, he was thoroughly out of health, and he had not the onlv power which can hold irritability in check—the strong restraint of love. Except a genuine liking for the Bonifaces, he had nothing to take him out of himself, and he was quite ready to return with interest the dislike which the other men in the shop felt for him, first on account of .his foreign birth,- but chiefly because of his proud manner and hasty temper. /Sometimes he felt that te cbilld bear the life no longer ; and .at times, out of his very wretchedness, there sprang up in him a vague pity for those who were in his own position. As he ^tood there behind the counter he would say to himself, "There are thousands and thousands in this city alone who have day after day to endure this horrible monotony, to serve the customers who are rude, and the customers who are civil, the hurried ones who are all impatience, the tiresome ones who dawdle, the bores, who give you as much trouble as they can, often for nothing. One day follows another eternally in the same dull round. I am a hundred times better off than most—there are no hurried meals here, no fines, no unfairness—and yet what drudgery it is !" And as he glanced out. at the sunny street and heard the sound of horses' hoofs in the road, a wild longing used to seize him for the freedom and variety of his life m Norway, and the old fierce rebellion against his fate woke once more in his heart, and made him ready to fly into a rage on die smallest provocation One day he was senrfor to Mr. Bomface's private room, he was quite well aware that his manner, even to Roy himself, whom he liked, had been disagreeable in the extreme, and the thought crossed his mmd that he was going to receive notice to leave Mr Boniface was sitting at his writingable, the sunlight fell on his quiet, refined lace, lit up his white hair and trim beard, and made his kindly grey eyes brighter, than ever. "I wanted'a few words with: you, Falck," he said. "Sit down. It seems to me that you have not been looking well lately, and I thought perhaps you had better take your holiday at , once instead of the third week in August. I ha*'e spoken to Darnell, and he would be wilhng to give you his turn and take the later time. What do you think?" " You are very good, sir," said Fnthiofj "but I shall do very well with the August holidav, and,as amatter of .fact, it only mean that I shall do more translating." .•••••• ••• •• • " Would you not do well to go home ? Come, think of it, I would give you three weeks if you want to go to Bergen." • Frithiof felt a choking sensation m his throat, because it was of the old life that : lie had been dreaming all the morning, with a restless, miserable craving. . "Thank you," he said, with an effort, h " but I cannot go back to Norway." " Now, tell me candidly, Falck, is it the question of expense* that hinders w you?" said Mr. Boniface.*; " Because if it is merely that, I would gladly lend you the money. " You must remember . .that you have had a great deal to :"bear lately, and I think you ought to give yourself a good rest" V " Thankyou," replied Frithiof,"hut it ' is not exactly the expense. / I have money I enough in hand to pay for my passage, bu t I have made up my mmd not to go back till I can clear off the last of the debts of T—of our firm," he concluded, with a .slight quiver m his voice. .„• "It is a noble resolution,".said Mr. Boniface, "and I would not for a moment discourage you. Still vou must remember that it is a great undertaking, and that without good health you can never hope for success; I don't think you getenough exercise Now why don't you join our cricket club?" "I don't play,?said Frithiof. "In Norway we are not great at those games, or . indeed at any land of exercise for the mere sake of exercise. That is an idea that one only .finds among Englishmen." "Possibly; hut;living mour .-climate you would do well to follow,our habits. Come, let me persuade you to join the club.. You • look to me as ifyou needed greater variety" "I will think about it for next year; but, just now 'I have .work for Hem Sivertsen on hand which I can't put aside," said Frithiof. " Well, then things must go on as they are for the pre ent," said Mr. Boniface; 1 but at least you can "bring your transdown to Rowan Tree House, and; latmg spend your hohdayiroth us, " You are very land," said Frithiof, the , boyish expression, returning, to -ihisiface just for a minute. "I shall be only too delighted." And the interview seemed somehow to have done him good, for during the next few days he wa less irritable, and found his work in consequence less irksome CHAPTER XVI BUT the change for thfe better did not la t long, for Frithiof was without the : motive which: " makes drudgery divine And there-was 110 denying lhat'the work he had to do was really drudgery It lias teen the fashion of late years to dwell much/on the misery of the slums, and most,of u Art quite readv to le stilled into active sympathy with -the abjecfl> poor, the hungry orthedestitnte. it is to be -feared, "however, that very Jew of 11- have much con- 'deration for thi-le-s Jomanlic. less sensational lives, of the middle- class, the thousands mho toil for the'Y ^^ 3a ieilln f d ' the,cou ? ter J 0 ' r -at i whit less wo) lb not educated 4 them infinitely Ins given ais I Sonows irfa take die atmosphere of trade ' kills romance, that no poet or novelist would dare to take up such a theme; and yet everywhere the human heart is the same, und 'shop-life does not ' interfere with the loves and hatreds, the, joys and. sorrows which make up the life of every human being, and out of which are woven all the romances: which were ever written. No one would dispute the saying that labour is worship, yetnevertheless we know well enough that while some work of itself; ennobles the worker, there is other work which has to be ennobled by the way in. ..which it is.done. An artist and a coalheaver both, toil foraheigegendjjpod, but most people will admit thatme coalheaver. is heavily handicapped. If in the actual , work of shop-assistants there is a prosaic;, monotony, then it is all the more probable that they need our warmest sympathy, our most thoughtful considerateness since they themselves are no machines, but men and women with exactly the -same hopes and desires as the rest of us. It is because we consider .them of a different order that we tolerate the.long hours, that we allow women to stand all day long to serve us, though it has been proved that terrible diseases are the consequence. It is because we do not in our hearts believe that they are of the same flesh and blood,. that we think vfith a sort of contempt of the very people who are brought most directly into contact with us, and whose hard-working lives often put ours to shame. -.-•• •-.. About the middle of July the Bonifaces went down to Devonshire for their.usual summer, holiday, and Frithiof found that, as Roy had predicted, Mr. Horner made himself most disagreeable, and never lost a: chance of. interfering. It must. be owned that there-are-few things so trying as fussiness, particularly in a man, of whom such weakness seems unworthy. And Mr. Homer was the most fussy mortal on earth. It seemed as if. he called forth all that was bad in Frithiof, and Frithiof also called out everything that was bad in him. The breach between the two was made much wider by a most trivial incident. A miserable, looking dog unluckily made its. way into the shop one morning and disturbed Mr. Horner in his sanctum. .."What is the meaning of.this?" he exclaimed, bearing down upon Frithiof. "Can: you not keep stray curs off the premises ? Just now too, with hydrophobia raging 1" And he drove , and kicked the dog to the door. Now there is one. thing which no Norseman can tolerate for a moment, and that is any sort of cruelty to animal 5. Frithiof, in his fury, did not measure his words, or speak as the employed to the employer, and from that time Mr; Horner's hatred of him increased tenfold.: To add to all this wretchedness an almost tropical heat set in; London waslike a huge over- heated oven, every day; Frithiof found the routine of businessless bearable, every day he was less able to-fight against his love for Blanche, and he rapidly sank into die state which hard-headed people flatter themselves isa mere foolish fancy,—that most red! and trying form of illness which goes by the name depression. Again and again' he wrestled with the temptation that had assailed hun long ago in Hyde Park, and each sight of James -Horner, each incivility from those he had to serve, made the struggle harder. . He was sitting at his- desk one morning adding up a column which had been twice interrupted, and which had three" tunes come to a different result, when ! once again the swing-:door was pushed open and a shadow falling across his, account book warned: him that the customer had come to. the song-counter. 1 Annoyed and impatient he put down his pen and went forward, forcing up the sort of cold politeness which he assumed now, and which differed strangely from, the -bright genial courtesy that had once ' been part of his nature. The customer was evidently an Italian. He was young and strikingly handsome ; when he glanced at you, you felt that he looked you through and through; yet that his look was not critical but kindly, it penetrated yet at the same tune armed.' Beside him was a bright-eyed boy who looked up curiously at the Norseman; as though wondering-how oil such a sunny, day any one could wear such a clouded face. , Now Fnthofwas quite in the humour to dislike any .one, more especially a man who was young, handsome, well-dressed, and prosperous-looking; but some subtle influence crept over him the instant he heard .the Italian's voice, his- hard eyes; .softened a-little, and without being able* to explain it -he felt a strong desire to help this man in finding the song which he had come to inquire aboutknowing, only the words and the air, not the name; of the composer. Frithiof, who would ordinarily have been mclined to grumHe at the trouble which the search involved, now threw himself into it heart and soul, and was as-pleased as:!us customer when after some little time -he chanced, to find the song, "A thousand thanks," said the Italian warmly. " I am delighted to get hold of thisj it is for a friend who lias long wanted to hear it again, but who was •only able to write down the first part of the air." And he compared with the printed song the little bit of manuscript which he had shown to Frithiof " Now was it only a happy fluke that made you think of Knight's name ? " " I know .another of his songs, and thought this bore a sort of hkeness to il',' said IFnthiof,pleased,with hissuceess. "You know much more of English music than I do "most likely," said the Italian, " yet surely you, too, are a fori eigner." "Yes," replied Fnthiof, "I am Nor-; wegian I have only been here for nine months, but to try and lean^ a little about the music is the only interesting part of this work.' * . The strangers. sympathetic insight, showed "him jnuch of the weariness anS discontent, and Hemiweh" which lay beneath these words ^ ""Ah, yes,' Ife said, "I suppose both work and country .seem flat and -dull after your life among the fjords and mountains I icnow vveli enough the depression of one's first Jear m a new. climate J3ut courage' -the worst -will I have grown to love this Eng ' -which once I detested 3 " Jt is -the^irless^ess of London W^ich, depresses one,' Said poor Enthiof; polling! upjtheisocg 'Yes, it is certainly yery -oppressive y,' said the Italian g 1 am -sorryio giyen you so jnuch trouble m huntnp this song for me We jmay as s Veiljtake it with uSjKJigi, as^we^are going) home." * , craving for some relief from the monotony of. the glaring streets he walked up to Regenfs Parki hoping that there perhaps he might find the fresh Jair for which hewas longing. He thought much of his .unknown customer, half laughing to himself now/ and- then to think that such a chance encounter .'should havemade upon him so deep: an impression, shouldhave wakened.within him desires such as he had never .before felt for a life which should be higher, nobler, more manly than his past. "Come: along, will you J" shouted a rough voice behind him. He glanced-; round and saw an evil-looking tramp who.was speaking to a most forlorn little boy at his heels. • .-, , The child seemed ready to drop, but with a look of misery and fear and effort, most painful to see in such a young face, it hurried on, keeping up a wretched little' sort of, trot at the heels of its father; .who tramped on doggedly. Frithiof was not in -the habit of troubling himself much about those, he came across in life, his heart had been too much embittered by Blanche's treatment; he had got into the way ; now of looking on coldly and saying with a shrug of the shoulders that it was the way of the world. But to-day the magical influence of a noble life was stirring within him; a man utterly unknown to him had spoken to him a few kindly words, had treated him with rate considerateness,. had somehow raised him into a purer, atmosphere. - And so it happened that he, too, began to feel something of the same divine sympathy, and to forget his own wretchedness in the suffering of the little child. Presently the tramp ..paused outside a puhlic-house. . " Wait for me there in the park," he said ..to the child, giving it a push in the direction. And the little fellow went on obediently; until, just at the gate, he caught sight Of a costermonger's barrow on which - cool green leaves and ripe red strrwberries were temptingly displayed. Frithiof lingered a minute to see what would happen, but nothing, happened at all,' the child just stood there patiently. There was no expectation on his, tired httle face, nothing but intense appreciation of aluxury which must for ever be beyond his hopes of . enjoyment. "Have you ever tasted them,?" said Frithiof, drawing nearer. : r The boy shook his head shyly. : " Would you like to ? " . Still he did not speak; but a look of rapture dawned in the wistful child and he gave a little spring m the air which was more eloquent than uoids " Sixpennyworth," said Frithiof to the costei monger; then signing to the child to follow, he led the way into the park, :sat,;idoim:.:on;:the,.-nearest-;seat;'::put--'the' basket of strawberries down beside him; and, glanced' at his little companion ,.. , "There, now.sit down by me and enjoy them," he said. And the child needed no second bidding, but began to eat with an eager de? hght which was pleasant to see. Altera while he paused, however, and shj'ly pushed,the basket a httle nearer to his benefactor. Frithiof, absorbed 111 his own thoughts, did not notice it; but presently became conscious of a small brown hand on his sleeve, and looked round. " Eat too," said the child, pointing to the basket And Frithiof, to please him, smiled and took two or three strawberries "There,the rest are for you," he said. "Do yon like them?" "Yes," said the child emphatically; "-and I like you" " Why do you like me ' " " I was tired, and you-was land to toe, and these is real jammy '" But after this fervent little speech, he said no mora He did not, as a Norwegian child would have done, shake hands' as a sign of gratitude, or say mthepietty Norse way," Tat for maden" {thanks for; the neal); there had never been anyone to teaUi him the expre sion of the courtesies of life, and srath him they were not innate Hf merely looked at his friend with shining eyes like some animal that feels but 'cannot speak its gratitude. Then r 1 before If " " .thejittle Jtoe^yMbd^lflS: £ back wistfully mo.vjnandfsthenat.she be yemembere<l by him to" the very end y J of his life The -next day "something happened which .added the last drops to rnthiot s cup of am ery, and made -it -overflow The troubles -of the past year, =atod thp loneline s and •'poverty Which he had had gradually broken down hi , and^here came to him now a •revelation which "proved the final blow He was dining at &s; usual restaurant Too) ired I 'to. &t; much, he tad talren ur, a bit of one < the but editor of .the paper, tried to -assure iimself that whatever Blanche might have J been before marriage, that after it she 'must • necessarily' become all that' was womanly' and pure. But deep down in his heart there lurked a fearful conviction that in the main this story was true. Keeling sick and giddy, he made his way along Oxford Street, noticing: nothing, walking like a man in a ,dream. Just in front of Buzzard's a victoria was waiting, and a remarkably good-looking man stood on the pavement talking to its; occupant. Frithiof would have passed' by without observing them had not a familiar voice startled him into keen" consciousness, He looked up hastily and: saw Lady Romiaux—not the Blanche who had won his heart in Norway, for the lips that had once been pressed to his wore a hard look of defiance, and the eyes that had ensnared him had now an expression -that, confirmed only too-well the story he had just read. He heard her give' a little artificial laugh in which there was not even the ghost of- merriment, and, after that it seemed as if a great cloud had descended on him. He moved on mechanically, but it was chiefly by. a :sort of instinct that- he found his way back to the shop. .. " Good . heavens, Mr. Falck 1 how ill you are looking! " exclaimed the head man as he glanced at him. " If s a good thing Mr. .-Robert will be back again soon. If I'm not' very much mistaken, he'll put you into the doctor's hands." - - /'Oh, it is chiefly this hot: Weather," said Frithiof, and as if anxious to piit an end to the conversation; he turned away to his desk and began to write, though each word, cost him a painful effort, and. seemed to be .dragged out of him by sheer force. . At tea-time: he wanderedout.in the, street, scarcely knowing what, he was doing, and haunted always by Blanche's sadly altered face. When he' returned he found that the boy who dusted the shop had spilt some ink over ' his order,book, whereupon he flew into one of those violent passions to which of late he had been liable,;so entirely losing: his self-control that '.those about him began to look alarmed. This - recalled him to himself, and' much disgusted at having made such a scene, he sank into' a state of black depression; He could not understand himself ; could not make out what was wrong; could not conceive how such,a trifle,could have stirred him into such senseless rage. He sat, perrin hand, too sick and miserable to work, and' with a wild confusion of thoughts rushing through his brain. He was; duung along the Strangaden with Blanche, and talking gaily of the intense ' enjoyment of mere existence > I16 WaS rowing her /on the fjord, and tellmg her the Fnthi6f Saga j - hfe was saving her bn the mountain; and -listening to her words -of love ; he was down m the sheltered nook; below the flagstaff sat Balhohn/ahd; she was clinging to him in the fafefceU which had indeed been for fever. "I can bear it ns -longer," he said to himself. "I have tried to bear this life, but it's So use—no use " : Yet after-a while .there rose within him a thought which checked the haunting visions of failure and -the'/longing-for death. He remembered the face Which had so greatly struck him the day before, and again those' kindly Words rang in his ear, " Courage! the woist w ill pass " Who was this man » What gaV6 Jllm his extraordinary influence? How had he gamed his lftsightj and sympathy, and fearless brightness? If one man had attained to all this, why not any man? Might fiat life still hold for him something that was worth having? There floated back to him the remembrance of the last pleasurable moment he had known— t -was the sight of the child's enjoyment of the strawberries. At length closing-time came He diagged himself back to Vauxhall shut himself into his dreary httle room, pulled the table towards the open :wmdow, and began-to work at Herr faivettsen's translating Night after night he had gone on, with the dogged courage of his old Vikmg anfcestors, upheld by the same ^fierce, fighting nature which had made them the terror of the North But at lastheavas at:tlie veryend Dffhis strengthi A violent shivering fit sered him Wort was no longer possible he could only stagger to the bed, mth that -terrible consciousness of being utterlyand hope lessly beaten,^hich to a man is so hard to bear -Oppressed ^y a frightful sense of' onelane , dazed by pTq ical pain, and tortured bylhe,thought of''Blanche dis ! ^race, there was^et one thing which gave him moments of rehef—like a.-child he strained his eyes to*see the picture of I Bergen which htrng by the bedside Later on, when ihe summer twilight: deepened into night and he could no longer make out lie liarbour, and the 5 Shipping, and the familiar "mountains, he ed-fes face inahe pillow and sobbed d m^ forlorn misery which, even in , must have^vrung-his .mother's the shop,was never left without one of the partners, poor Roy, anathematizing the whole Tace ;of/the /Homers, had to. come back-and endure as'test he might a Lonclon August and an empty house. Like many other business men he relieved/the monotony of his daily work by always keeping two. or three hobbies in hand: - The' mania for collecting Had always been encouraged at Rowan Tree House, /and just now botany was his keenest: delight. It was even, perhaps, absorbing too much of his time, and Cecil used laughingly to tell him that he loved it more than all the men and women in the-world put .together. He was contentedly mounting specimens.on the night of'his return,, when James Horner looked in, the prospective legacy making him more than ever fussy and pompous, " Ah, so you have come back j that's all right! " he .exclaimed. " I had hoped you would have come round to us. However, no matter, I don't: know that there is anything special to say, and of course this sad news has upset my wife very much." " Ah;" said Roy, somewhat sceptical in.his heart of hearts about the depth :of her grief. " We were sorry to hear about it," : " We go down the, first thing tomorrow," said James .. Homer, "and shall, of course, stay on. They say there is no hope of recovery." .-•:-, "What do you think of that?" said. Roy, pointing to a very minute flower which he had just mounted. " It is -the first time it has ever been found in England". -. • " " H'm, is it really!" said James Homer, regarding it with that would-be interested air, that bored perplexity, which Roy took a wicked delight in calling forth. " Well, you know, 1 don't understand " he added, " how a practical man like you can take an interest in such trumpery bits of things. What are your /flowers worth when you've done them ? Now if you took to collecting autographs there'd- be some sense in that, for I understand that a fine collection of autographs fetches A. good foilnd sunt ill the market." •••: . .. " Tliat "would only involve more desk- Work," said Roy, laughing. " Writing to ask for them would bore me as much as writing in reply would , bore ' the poor celebrities." "By the bye," said 'Mr. Horner, "I have just remembered to tell you that provoking fellow-Falck never turned up td day Hd never even had the grace to send word that he wasn't coming " " Of course he mrnt be ill," said Rtfv, looking disturbed; "' He is the last fellow to -stav away if he could possibly keep up. We all thought him looking, ill before we left." -. " I -don't kndiV about illness," said Jtoes Homer, putting on his hat; " but he certainly has the worst temper I've ever come across. It was extremely awkward without him to-day, for already we are short of hands." " There can hardly be much doing," said Roy. "London looks like A desert However» 0f Course I'll look up Falck. I daresay he'll be all nght again by tomorrow." : Buthe had sEarcely settled hi mself do wn comfortably t8 hiB T^ork aftef jamfes Horhei^s welcome departure when the thought of'Fnthiof came totrouble him. After all| wasMt hkely-that a .mere trifle would hinder a man of the Norwegian's nature from going to business ? Was it not much more probable that he was too.ill even to write an excuse? And if so, how helpless and desolate hew ould be ' Like most people, Roy was selfish Had he lived alone he would have become more selfish every day J but it was impossible to live in the atmosphere of Rowan Tree House without, at any fate, trying to consider other people. With; anieffortifhe-itorejhimself: awayifrom his beloved-specimensj-'aiid-iset- off.bnskly for/Vauxhall;*:where;?afterrsome-difficuItyj he found the kittle side street in which, among-dozens - of others precisely like it, was the house of the three Misses Tur- ' nour. A little uithered-up lady opened the door:-tohim,andreplied'newGuslyto his question,— Mr Falck is ill," she said "He seems very feverish , buthe was like it once before, when he first came to "Eng land, and it passed x>ff m a day or two*" " Can I see lam ?" said Roy. "Well, he doesn't like being disturbed at all" said Miss Charlotte "Hell haidly let me in ide the loom But if jou would ju t see him, I should really be he .glad. You will wdl judge better b if he Beesthe-doctor or not-'- "JThank you, I'll i go up then Doirt Jetmeitroubleyou "Jt is noise he seems to mind soi ch,' saidtMiss Charlotte "So if you nd your way up alone, perhaps^ be best It is jthe first doofeSypul at the top ol tilt, last flight of said Roy, much shocked to see how ill ; his friend seemed. . " Oh, .it's , you I" said Frithiof; turning his flushed facejin the 'direction of the: speaker; " Thank" God you've come -! That woman will be the death of me. She does nothing but ask questions." "I've only just got back from Devonshire, but they said you hadn't turned up to-day, and I thought I would, come and see after you." Frithiof dragged himself 1 up and drank feverishly from the ewer which stood on a chair beside him. " I tried to come this morning," lie said, " but I was too giddy to^ stand, and had to give it up. My head's gone wrong somehow.", " Poor fellow ! you should hare given up before," said Roy. "You seem in terrible pain." " Yes, yes ; it's like a band of hot iron;" moaned poor Frithiof. Then suddenly starting up in wild excitement, " There's Blanche! there's Blanche! Let me go to her! Let me go! I will see her once more—only this onte 1" Roy with some difficulty held him down, and , after a while he seemed to come to himself. " Was I talking nonsense?'" he said. " It's a horrid feeling not being able to control one's self. If I go crazy you can just let me die, please. Life's bad enough now, and would be intolerable then. There she is again! She's smiling at me. Oh, Blanche!—you did care once. Come back ! Come back! He can't love you as I love ! But it's no use—no use 1 she is worse .than dead; I tell you I saw it in that cursed paper, and I saw it in her own face; Why, one might have known All women are like it. What do they care so long as their vanity is satisfied ? It's,just as Bjornsen says :— '•If thou hadst not so smiled on me, Now I should not thus weep for thee.'" And then he fell into incoherent talkj chiefly in Norwegian, but every now and then repeating the English rendering of Bjornsen's lines. Meanwhile Roy turned oter in his mind half-a-dozen schemes, and at length decided to leave Ffitliiof during one of the quiet intervals, while he went for their own doctor, Miss Charlotte mounting guard outside the door, and promising to go to him if he seemed to need care. Dr. Morris, who was an old friend, listened to Rov's description, and returned with him at once, much to the relief of poor Miss Charlotte, who was frightened owt of her senses by one of Fnthibt's pifoxystos Of Wild excitement. " Do you think seriously Of hitti ? " said Rov, when, the excitemefif t'atifig died down, Frithiof lay m a sort of stuporj taking no notice at all of his surroundings "If we can manage .to get .him any sleep he will pull through all right," said Di Morns, in his abrupt way. "If not, he will sink before many days. You had better send foi his mother, if he has one.* " He lias only a sist&j; and she is in Norway." . Well,-t,end for her, for he will need careful nursing. You say ydii will take charge of him ? Very well} and to-morrow morning I will send in a nursej who will set you at liberty for a few hours. Evidendyhe has had some shock. Can you make out what it was at all:?" : ".Well; last autumn, I believe—-indeed I am sure—he was jilted by an English girl with whom he was desperately in love. It all came upon the top of the other troubles of which I told you." " And what is this paper he raves about? .What is the girl's name ? We might get some clue in that way." "Oh," said Roy, "she was married some months ago. She is now Lady RomiatiS;" The doctor gave a. stifled eSckfflation, " That explains all. I stipjiose the poar feilo\V honestly: bated ftir her; irid was shocked to.see file pirdgiajffliri this week's Idle Time. Your, friend has had S lucky escape, if he could-but see itin that light. For the husband of that heartless little flirt must be the most miserable man alive. We shall soon/have.another of those detestable causes tUibres, and the newspapers lying about in every household .will be filled with, all; the poisonous details'' As Roy kept Watch through thd lofig nights and days that; followed, as he hsferied to the delirious ravings of his patient; and perceived how a man's life and health had beeft hiifie'd tfy fKS faithlessness of a, vain girl, he became So/absorbed in poor Frithiof, so.devoted to him; that he altogether forgot his specimens -and his microscope,. He wondered greatly .how many victims hadheen sacrificed to Blanche Ronuaux's selfish lo ve of admira-. tion, and he longed to have her in that YcJontj aild point tt the man-who tossed to and fro in sleepless misery, and say. to her," This is' what your hateful flirt frig has brought about." But the little Norwegian episode had entirely passed dut of Lady Romiaux's mmd. Had shfe been questioned she would probably have replied that her world contained too many hard realities to leave room for the recollection of mere dreams,: •••..•' • The dream, however, /had' gone hard with Frithiof. Sleeping-draughts had no effect on him, and his temperature remained.so high that Dr. Morris began to fear the Wdfst . Roy .used to.behaunted hy.the thought that he had telegraphed for Slgnd Falrk, and that he should have to meet her after her Jong journey with the nens that all. was over And remembering the bright face and sunny manner of the Norwegian girl; his heart failed him-at the thought of her desolation But Frithiof could not even take in the idea that she had been sent for. Nothing now made any difference to him. But sleep refused to come, and already the death-angel hovered near, ready to give him the release for which he so greatly longed I To le continued) ' / ' DO YOU THINK SERIOUSLY OF HIM," SAID: ROY. 