Our Melbourne Letter. (FEOM OUB SPKOTAI, COBBESPONDENT.) . ?JCEtiBOUBtfra, Febbuaby 5. The Exhibition is officially dead, and only continues to exist — like a man resus citated after suffering what was intended to be the extreme penalty of the law — with- out: judicial, recognition or legal status. The. formal obsequies were rather flat, not withstanding the pious fervor sought to be imported into them by Chaplain M'Bain, and the reftdv rennnnfln nf Sir VCanTtr'Txinh' nnr\ ?when the final amen had been said there was a sense of relief that — so far as general responsibility was concerned — the big bazaar was over. Since the closing cere monial the members of tho fourth estate have been very busy pronouncing funeral orations, nad at best tho tone has been a jj.abious one. There has been a disposition rather to magnify faults than to eulogise excellences, and to weigh advantages against the expected deficit of £260,000. A nice little sum truly ; but where is the use of having a million surplus if you can'.t get some fun out of it? and it must be admitted that Victoria has held her revel right loyally, llowover, a centennial celebration cannot be held every year, aud the fashion may have changed before 1988. So far as public patronage is concerned the commissioners have no right to complain. The attendance for the six months was 2,108,602, as agaiust l,08G,TS7 for the Exhibition of 1880. The! daily average over the whole time reached' to 12,200, and the gross amount realised totals £101,430 6s lOd— with an especial I emphasis on the 6s and lOd. It is also note-' worthy that the interest was far better sustained towards the ond than at tho be ginning, and the largest attendance on any one day was on the Saturday before the closing. JJp to the end of last week the show continued just as though its requiem had not been officially sung, with the ox ception that the orchestra and choir no longer discoursed soul-stirring strains. For the rest of the month it will also bo open . between 11 a.m. and 6 p.m., but already there are great gaps in the lines of display. The process of removal goes steadily on/ and Sir James M'Bain is hard at work with Colonel Sargood practising a violin duet for the real finale. : Desolate is the dwelling of Morna. Silence reigns in her palace. It is doubtful, . though, if the performers will come up to time, as there is expected to' be the usual Exhibition' row about'who shall play first fiddle. ?????-'?' ; ? ?' ? Speaking of first fiddles naturally sug ests in such a' connection that sweet singer of Israel, Mr F. H. Cowen. If any one has reason to be' thoroughly satisfied with the result of the Exhibition he: is the man of all others entitled to exclaim ecce gallus\ Behold that rooster. Equally the commissioners have reason to' be satisfied with Mr Cowen, for ? he has done more to popularise the great show with his orchestra and his choir than anyone else. Many sceptics are doubting whether any taste for high-class music has been created, or whether people have simply fallen in with a popular fad. That is, the man who can hear the ' Hallelujah ' chorus' unmoved, whose soul is not stirred by the divine harmonies' of 'Mozart, Haydn; and Beet hoven, and who can barely distinguish between the ' Dies ir» ' and Mendelssohn's ' Wedding march,' eapiently doubt whether there be numan beings of finer fibre or subtler sensibilities than his own. But the proof was ?? afforded by the' manner in which up to the very last the orchestral concerts and oratorios were attended, and the enthusiasm of the compact and atten tive audiences. For the final performance Mr Cowen gave his own1 oratorio ' Buth,' and never has it been my lot to witness such an ovation bestowed upon a popular favorite as he then received. As the last cadence of the grand finale yet filled tho air, the densely-packed audience rose to a man and woman.'. Resonant cheer on cheer rang out its emphatic verdict of approval, whne the ladies, : standing on tho chairs, waved handkerchiefs and split gloves iu a perfect- delirium tremens of laudatorial excitement. ' The 750 choristers cheered with tho audience. Tho sopranos and con traltos, distinguished by blue and red silk sashes, slipped them '? off and converted them into banners which ;they waved with a vigor that told of the heart in the demonstration. While for some moments the air was thick with bouquets, which rained down upon the successful composer and popular con ductor till ho stood knee deep in flowers. Then in a lull of the cheering tho orchestra struck in with 'Auld Lang Syne,' and choir and audience sang it as though for prize competition. At its conclusion Lady Loch, on behalf of the ladies of the choir, presented Mr Cowen with an exquisitely worked floral device, and as she ceased speaking the cheering,' the scarf waving, and general enthusiasm again broke out, and was prolonged till the National Anthem from the orchestra brought the demonstra tion to its conclusion. Mr Cowen could only bow his thanks, ibut the memory of that night should make tho Centennial Ex hibition a thing for: him to look back on with pride and. pleasure for all his days. The directors of public companies are having rather a rough time of it at present, and from reckless confidence' shareholders have proceeded to rigid caution. Time was, and that but a few months ago, when they swallowed every, statement with the pro varbial voracity of a Tyrone lobster. Now no report or balance- sheet, however cun ningly constructed, has a ghost of a chance of passing until it has been submitted to a select committee. When leeches are scarce, and no fresh supply is to be obtained, domestic economists recommend that the full-fed 'phlebotomists shall be placed on a plate .and sprinkled with salt, under which style of treatment, they freely, disgorge, and are again ready for action as occasion may require. The shareholders are using the salt pretty liberally, and the horse-leeches, who object to anything like impertinent intrusion into their affairs, are disgorging in a manner that shows how terribly the public carcase must have, suffered. It is, however, very evident that the distrust engendered by the land boom rascalities is being carried too far. No venture, however good, can be placed upon the market ; and if the Kohi noor were offered for £50,000, in £1 shares, the scrip would hardly go off at 50 dis. One chairman, Mr D. Munro, lately hit upon a very happy way of getting the report and balancu sheet through. He stood the 'badgering of certain dissatisfied share holders ? as long as his patience lasted ; then producing a huge roll of notes, evi dently provided to meet such a contin gency, he cut short the controversy by asking, ' How many shares have vou cot? Will., you sell and take. the money now ? Are there any; more of you ?' The meeting caught the force of the argument, laughed, cheered, and passed the balance-sheet as promptly as though it had been the bower on the deck-head and seven high in hand. Victoria is & go-ahead colony. Anything the people take in hand has to hurry up and make a good time record, . but now and again strange cases of apathy and indiffe rence crop up. On New Year's Day there was, as everyone knows, a phenomenal fall of rain at .Castlemaine, .which did an im mense-amount, of damage and ? entailed serious loss of life. Among other disasters the Francis Ormond mine at Chewtown was flooded, and two mep, O'Connor and Jennie, who were working below, were drowned by the enormous . volume or, water which poured down the shaft; and beneath tho water aud (.ilt those bodies are' still lying, no effort having, been made to recover tliem.' The company,-, composed of working miners, cannot '.undertake the work, boing ruined by the disaster. So far the Government has not done so, ibut now people are growing indignant, and there is a prospect of the remains boing: exhumed by mid-winter. [A late telegram from Melbourne states that the, Government ,has decided to call for tenders for tho recovery of the bodies from the mine by pumping or diving.— Ed, C] ; Great is the jubilation in the M.C.C. camp over the result of the, last interco-i uial match. Had they been badly beaten | it would only have realised general expec- , tation, for Ferris and Turner are: far and away too good for anything Victoria can produce in the way of sphere-compeller. Still, in view of the row with the associa tion, it would have been awkward, as in dicating the terrible results of flying in the face of your grandmother. Now, it is the elderly party who feels rather bad, and the players are gleefully shaking hands with themselves and metaphorically wagging their allegorical tails in wild transports of delighted self-appreciation. The disposi tion to pat them, on the back is pretty general, as public feeling has been with the olub and against the association through out. So far the latter still, keeps 'a stiff upper lip over the business, but it is ex pected that the muscles will relax, and the kiss of compromise be offered before the next season gives a chance of.renewing the quarrel and widening the breach. . . ? There has been a perfect epidemic of bank frauds following the land, boom, the last case being that of an exceptionally good young man named Alpress. After .15 years' meritorious service, this gentleman has scientifically 'gone through the Com mercial Bank to the tuno of about .,£10,000, and vanished ! The bank' offers a reward for his apprehension and conviction. , It's rather singular, ,as showing how.strangely some people' must bo constituted, that Onyons, the debonture manipulator of the National Bank, and Cazaly, the Ballarat defaulter, had both been married, but a few months before their arrest. .Verily a man who can carry on for years a system of fraud, which from its nature must sooner or. later be found out, and with' the Damoclean sword of impending detection hanging over his head marry, a wife to be overwhelmed in the disgrace of his downfall, must be callous beyond ordinary conception. But it exemplifies the old proverb— Facilin descensus Aveiyti. Petty pilfering to begin with, embezzlement next, and then headlong into the graver crime ot matrimony. ... . ',!..,,,.,,:, ... The political battle has not ? yet fairly commenced; with us, but. there is a busy hum pervading: the electoral camp, arid^ The armorers accomplishing' the knights, ; With busy hammers, closing rivets'up, , Give dreadful note of preparation. , The re-definition of the electorates will give a more' than' ordinary, element of glorious uncertainty.fo the result, and the chances are that the personnel of the House will be very considerably changed when the wordy fray once again commences. 