A M y Norseman, CHAPTER XXXIX. -CmitiivuM. Bv BDKA LYALL. Author of " JJmoran,". " Wc Two,' -"In tlie Daw,'. " Kni'jht- Errani," t£c. • But though alio tried in this way to take llie edge off her pleasure she could not do it. Afterwards might take care of itself. 9')iorc lvas no possibility of realising it how. she would enjoy to the full just the present that was hers, the long talks with Fritinof, the delightful sense of fellowship with him, tliemutual enjoyment of that exquisite valley. And so they drove on, past Aak, with its lovely trees and its rippling river, past the iofty RomsdaUhom, past the Troltinderne, with their weird outline looming up agamst the blue sky like the battlements and pinnacles of some magic city/ About the middle of the day they reached Horgheim, where it had been, arranged that they should spend the night. Fritinof was in a mood to find everything beau- tiful, he even admired the rather barelooking postmg-station, just a long, brown, wooden house with, a high -flight of steps to the door, and seats on. either side. On the doorstep lay a fine white and tabby cat, which he declared he could remember years before when they had visited the Rowsdal. .. . -.-- " And that is very possible," said the landlady, with aipleased look. ''For we have had him these fourteen years." Every one crowded round to look at this antiquated cat. "What is his name?" asked Cecil,: speaking w Norse. ::- "His name is MonSj" said the landlady, They all laughed at the thought of a cat with a surnamej and then came a- general dispersion in quest of rooms; Cecil and -Swanhild chose one which looked out across a grassy slope to the river; the Rauma just at this part is very still, and of a deep ^een colour ; beyond were jagged, grey mountains, . and. the moraine of a glacier covered here and there with birch and juniper. Half-adozen little houses withgrass-grown roofs nestled at the foot, and near themwere sircet-smelhng hayfields and patches ?of golden corn. Tlicv dined merrily on. salmon, wild strawberrieB, and cream, and -then a walk ; was proposed. Cecil, however, excused herself, saying that she had letters to write home, and. so it chanced that Fnthiof and Sigrid had what; did not often fall {to their lot in those.days,the chance of a quiet talk. " What is wrong with you, dear old she said; for since they had left Horgheim she could not but notice that he had grown grave and absorbed. " Nothing," lie ' said; wish lather; a forced laugh. But, though he tried to resume his usual manner and talked with her and teased her playfuEy, she knew that he had something on his miad/and,' half hopefully, half-fearfully, made one more attempt to win his confidence, " Let us rest here in the shade," she said, settling herself comfortably under a siher birch. "Roy and Swanhild walk at c uch a pace that I think we -will let them have the first view of theMongefos." He threw himself down . on the grass beside her, and for'a time there was silence. "You did not sleep last night," she said presently. "How do you knowthat?"he,£aid, his colour rising a little, "Oh, I know it by your, forehead. You were worrying over something. Come, confess." He sat up and .began to 'speak abrujjtly.i • "I- want to ask you a question," he said, looking up the valley beyond lier and avoiding "Dr. 17/111 think a man has 1 busincs toofiert noi 11 a love wh cl s nol lu. f r«l ] is 11' "At one Luc 1 ihou It lot d o'gnd 3 ut n. 1 gici> older 1 1 understoot th u -s rnoie it seen pd to ine differu t 3 1 Here -would )e few mai-E t; iu tl e morld ilum de a rulu of h t bort And nciianwlo really lovi iwouldl se tijit rf li« Hi 1 ness and littl ness and e lous\ 1 tl c hof herloie , "And if I were to (.ell Cecil tl it i lo\ed ner, doyc tl ik rh t hp will! 1 nv late hster 1 uc ' " I am 1 o 1 to (. " >cs r J 0 that quest 11 sail ,Si til si lie) fwnrtiHg fon id djim"limiakLf> wlufce alri t unlncim between 1 *oi T '®gian hc)e mU. — 5u f I wy mates 1 Go ind try ' You i jv fiiu She spr 1 g t hi ' I dont?l,nka ' W l e the othCTs you are :•"•"• waicd htr ^MhenleH IvL Position. <n H H told lim had brought to itt CHAPTER XL. Tee afternoon was not so clear as the morning had been, yet it had a beauty of its.own Golden which appealed to Fnthiof very strongly. The blue sky had.chauged to a soft pearly grey, all round lum rose grave, majestic mountains, their summits clear against the pale background, but wreaths of white mist clinging about their sides in fantastic twists and curves which bridged over huge yawning chasms and seemed to •join the valley into a great amphitheatre. The stern grey and puiple rocks looked hardly real, so softened were they by the luminous summer haze. Here and there the white snow gleamed coldly m long deep crevices, or in broad clefts where from year's end to yoar's end it remained unmelted by sun or ram. On each side of the road there was a wilderness of birch and fir and juniperbushes,-while in the far distance .could be heard theMongefos with its ceaseless sound of many waters, repeated on either liand by the smaller waterfalls. Other sound, there was none save the faint tinkle of cowbells or the rare song of the little black and white wagtails, which seemed jthe only. birds in the valley. Suddenly he -perceived a little further along the road a. slim figure leaning against the fence, the "folds of a blue dress, the gleam of light-brown hair under a sealskin travelling cap. His heart began to beat fast, he strode on more quickly, and Cecil, hearing footsteps, looked up. "1 had finished my letter .and thought I would comeout to explore a little, " she saidj as he joined her. •" You have come \- "Yes," he said,"! have come'back to you."' Sheglanced athim questioninglyjstartled by his tone^ but before his eager look her eyelids dropped, .and a soft glow of colour suffused her face. "Cecil," he said, "do you remember what you said years ago about men who worked hard to make their fortune and then retired, and were miserable:because they had nothing to do 1" ."Ohyes,"she said, "I remember it very wdl, and iiave often seen instances of it." : "I am like that now," he continued. " My work seems over, and I stand at the threshold of a new life. It was you who saved me from ruin in my old life—will you be my lielper now 1 " •: "Do - you think. I really could help ? V- she said wistfully. \- -He lookedat her gentle eyes, at her pure, womanly face, -and heknewthathis life was in lier bands. " I do not know," he said gravely. " It dependson-whetiier you couldioveme— whether youwiU-let-mes|>eak,of my.love for you." Then, as lie paused, partly because his English words would not come veryroadilj', partly in hope of somenign of eacouiagement from her, she turned to lum with a face whieh shone with heavenly light. •. "These must never be-any secrets between ns,"' she said, speaking quite simply and directly. " I ba\e loved you everBmce.youiirKtcametouB—yearsago.-' It ^ras jiotlung to JFrithiof that they were standing at -the side of the king's: highway—lie liad lost all sense of tune and; place—the world only contained for-Mm the woman who loved Turn—tlie woman who let lum clasp her in Jiis strong arm— let Mm press her sweet face ±0 his. , And stall Troni the distance came the sound of many waters,"and the faint tinkle of the cowbells and ike song of the little black and white birds.' The grave grey? mountains seemed bko strong and kindly ; friends who sheltered themand- shut them in Aom all intrusion of the outer world, , but they were jjo entirely absorbed in each; other that they had not a thought foranyi-T.;— thing else. — ; "AY. M? life lie said after a tone, have-the' neht to love vou—to be always 1 ih tl t*illlec\i.'vU) "tr n 1 id tin 1 is ie tlio 1 11 f ' or tiuf 1 rt ici ft si n iittr dt ler-tnli % litt icttitlpu ej dupofli liie 1 id he 1 to dm kt 1 tlio tm rv unhiHiBH «tedneitliron 1 111 or 111 feci 1 r If lit oull lot f r ip ncmcnt do It tlit hir j r Jia j in uil «l n Iroi ci 1 tl f 11 tl roi d ii with its hud stTiig lei. 1 a b en iZ if w""Hi t "Never mind,' she : said, they have always disapproved of me as much as they have of you ; they will perhaps sa,y that it is afterall a highly suitable arrangement I" "l-wonder whether Swanhild will say the same?", said Fritinof with a smile; "here she comes hurrying home alone Will you wait by the. river and let me just tell her my good news?" He walked along the road to meet his sister, who, spite of added years and inches, still retained much of her childlikeness. " Wliy are you all alone ? " lie said "Oh, three is no fun," said Swanhild. " When Roy and Sigrid are out on a holiday they are just bke lovers, so I came back to you." • ."What will you say when I tell you that I am betrothed," lie said teazingly \- She looked up. m 3ns. face with some alarm : " You are only making fun of nie," she protested "On the contrary, I am stating the most serious of facts;:: Come; 1 want your congratulations." "Butwho are you betrothed to?" asked Swanhild bewildered. "Can it be to Madale ? And, 0I1 dear, what a horrid tune to chose for it—you will be just no good at all.. I really do think you might have waited-till the end of tlie tour. » "Itmight possibly have been managed if you had spoken sooner, " said Fntluof with mock gravity, -''hut you come too late—the deed is done." : " Well, I shall have Cecil to talk to, so after ail it doesn fc much matter,"; said Swanhild graciously, " But unfortunately she also has be-, come betrothed,'' said. •Fnthiof; watching the bewildered httle face < with keen pleasure, and seeing the light of-perception suddenly oawn on it. Swanhild caught his hand in hers. \- " You don t mean^- she began. " Oh, yes," said Fritinof, " but I do •mean it very much indeed. Come," and he • hurried her down;tlie grassy slope to the nver. " I shall tell Cecd evcrj' word you have been -saying"'. 33ien; as she rose to meet thein, he said with a laugh, " This selfish child thinks we might put it off till the end of the tour for her speciah benefit. No,-.no,": cried Swanluld, flying towards-CecE with outstretched- lanns. I never knew it was to you he was betlirothed—and j'ou could never be that . horrid, moony kind who are always sitting alone together in comers " Afc whieh ingenious congratulation theyall laughed so immoderately that Mons Horgheim the cat was roused from his afternoon nap on the steps of the station, and after a prelumnary stretch strolled down towards the river to see what was the matter, andito.ibnng the-sobriety: and. accumulated wisdom of his fourteen years to bear upon the situation "Ah, well," said Swanluld, with a comicaLgesture,- " there is "clearly notlimg' for me T hafc, as: they.say.m Ttaly,' to stay at home and nuise tlie cat " And catching^ up. the astonished Mons, she -daneed away, eager to be tlie fet to - •tell the good news to Roy and Sigrid. " It will 1>e really veiy convenient/' she remarked, to the infinite amusement of her elders "We shall siot lose Fiitliioff at all- Jie". will only -have to move across to Jlowan Tree House." j And ultimately tliat was how matters arranged themselves, so that Hie house which had sheltered Fnthiof in his tune of trouble became his home hi this -time of his prosperity. He had not rushed ail at once into full light and -complete manhood and lasting happiness. Yery slowly, very gradually ; , the life that had "been plunged in darkness had emerged into faint twilight as he -had struggled to redeem his father's .name; then, by degrees, the brightness of dairai -had increased, and sometimes helped, sometimes Sundered by the lives which had come juto contact with his m lc 11 t 1 n>tli e 1 31 to cle ru 1 11 i. 1 fr 1 l 1 iu " 11 p 1 d 1 1 d ne. bv Jio n lhil lo r m 1 fro 1 sjrikii I t t ir ilir lipri s dil 11 h to Id t<. its J. s place crowded in as spectators, and soon Johannes andPernilla, the bndeand bridegroom, made their way through the throng, and, each carrymg.a decanter, approached the visitors, shook hands with them, andbegged that they woiddtinnk their health.: There was somethingstrangely simple and charming about ^'the whole thing.-' Such a scene could have been found in no other, countiy save: m grandj free Old ISorway, where false standards of worth are •abolished, and where mutual respect and equal rights bind-eacli to oach in "true brotlieihood. .. The day after the wedding they spent at the Briidals glaciei-j rowing all together up: the lake, :but. afteiivards separating, Fritinof and Cecil walking m-advance of the others up the beautiful valley. " There will-soon be a high-road to'this glacier, "said Fnthiof; '.'but I am glad they are only begmiung it now, and tliat we have thus rough ;path." ' : And Cecil was glad too. She liked the scramble and the httle bit of climbing needed here and there ; she loved to feel the strength and protection of Frithiof's hand as he led her over the rocks and boulders.. At. kst, after a long walk, they reached a smooth, grassy oasis, shaded by silver - bn-ches and bordered by a river; beyond, the Bnxdalsbrae gleamed white through the trees, with here and there etqrnsite shades of blue visible in the ice even at .that distance. .••-.•*' " This is just hkp. the land of Beulah,' said -Cecil, .smiling, ?'and the glacier is the celestial city. How wonderful those broken pinnacles of ice-are I" \- "I/Ook at these two litlle streams running-side -by side for so . long and at last joining," said Fnthiof. "They are like our two lives. For so many years you have been to me as we should say, forirolig " "What does that meant" she asked " It js untranslatcable," he said. "It is that in wluch one puts one's trust and confidence, but more besides; It means exactly what you have always been to me " Cecil looked down at the httle bunch of forget-me-nots andhlies of the valley—the Norwegian national flowers with which Fiitluof loved to keep her sup^lied—and tlie remembrance of all that she had borne durmg these five years came back to her, and by contrast made the happy present yet sweeter. "I think," she said, "1 should like Signor Donati to know of our happiness ; he was the first who quite understood you " " Yes, Imust imtetohun," saidFrithiof, " There is.no man to whom-I owe more." :; And thinking of the Italian's life and character and of his own .paist; he grew silent "Do you know," he said at length, " there is one thing I want you to do for me. I want. you to give me . back my regard for, the Sogne once more. I want, on our way home, : just to pass Balholih again." And so one day it happened that they found themselv es on the well-remembered fjord, and commg up on deck when dinner was oyer, jaaw, that .already-Jhe-Amufer: _ scenes of t3ie "Fnthiof saga Tvere 'coming mto view. "jLook! look I" said Fnthiof. " There, .far m front of .us is theKvinnafos, looking like a thread of white on. the dark -rock; and.over to the right is Framnaes ?" v Cecil-stood 7 beside him on the upper deck, and gradually the scene Unfolded. Theysaw the httle wooded peninsula; the lovely -momitains round the "Fjaerlands fjord, Munkeggen itself, with audi more snow than during, their last visit, and then; once again, £ing:Bele's grave, and the scattered cbttegeSj With tlieir red-tiled roofs, and; the familiar hotel, somewhat enlarged, yet recalling a .hundred . memories. > Gravelyand thoughtfullyFnthioflooked 011 the httle hamlet and on . Muhkeggan. It was a picture that had been traced on his mind by pleasure and engraved by. pam.i Cecil drew;a -little nearer -to him; and though no word passed -between them, yet intuitively their thoughts turned to one who must forever be associated with those bnght days spent in the house of Ole Kvikne long ago. There was no indignation in their thoughts of her, but there: was pain, and pity, and hope,-and the love whichi is -jat once the source and the outcome of forgiyeness,'; 3hey wondered much how matters-stood with her outin the far-offi southern :seas;?whfere she struggled- on in a new life, which" must always, to tlie very end,- be shadowed by die :old.- And then Fritinof thought of his father, of his own youth, of the wonderful glamour and gladness that had been doomed so soon to pass into total eclipse, •and-feelmg-ibke. some returned-ghost, he glided close by the flagstaff-and the grey s Tocks,and'thetreeswliich-had-sheltered his farewell to Blanche. A strange and; altogether indescnbable feeling! stole him.hutitwas speedilydispelledl There was a link which .happily ibound . : his : past ±0 Ms _ which nothing could spoilT^ion^tthe quay he instantiy -perceived-the well-remembered faces -of the kindly landlord, Ole Kvikne, and his brother Knut. "See'" he exclaimed with a smile, there are the Eriknes looking not a day older 1 -.We must just see if they -remember us. 5 ' Did they not remember' Of course they did' Aaid what bowing and handshaking went on in thehrief waiting-time- Theyhad1ieardof'3Trithiof, moreover, and knew how Bobly he* liaa ledeemed His father's name.- They were enchanted at: meeting him once more " Let me have the pleasure, Kvikne, -to introduce to you my betrothed, who was also 3cm quett lon<j ajo ' laid Fnthiof. taking Cecil's hand and placing it-in that of UL dlcr U 1 lo 1 \ 1 of O 1 1\vl i ul it n t h tk kll 1) 1 hi 111 i <.1 e I 1 tl > i usi 1 is ci ij H B "fli 1 iu 1 \i 1 1 mm e ia 1 1C il - knowledge of . the Unseen, for which he had once felt no need; -and, finally, tins wonderful love springing up like a fountain in his life, ready -to gladden his somewhat prosaic round of daily work. . It . was evening; when they - left: the steamer at Sogndal, but they were:none of them in a mood for . settling down, and indeed the weather was so hot that they often preferred:'.travelling after supper. So it was ananged that they should go on to a veiy -primitive little place . called Hillestad, sleep . there for a few hours; and then proceed to the Lyster fjord. Cecd, who was a m uch "better walker than; either Signd or Swanhild,: was to go on foot with Fnthiof; the: others secured a stolkjaerre and a camole; and "went on m advance with-the luggage. The: two lovers walked briskly along the side of tlie fjord; but slackened their pace when they reached the long sandy lull with its sharp zigzags; the evening was stilland cloudless ; above them towered huge; rocky clifls, partly veded by undergrowth, and alltheair was sweet witlrthe scent of the pine trees. They were close to St. .Olaf's well, where, from time im-, memorial, the.country people have come to -drink : and pray for recovery from illness "Don't you think we ought to drink to my future health?" said Fnthiof. He smiled, yet 111 his eyes she saw all the time the look of sadness that had come to him as they approached BaUiobn. Tlie -one sting 311 lus perfect happiness was the thought that he could not: bring to - Cecd the unbroken -health that had once been his. He knew that the strain; of his past trouble had left upon hun marks: which lie must cariy to his grave, and that the consequences-of Blanche's faithless-.- ness had brought with theih a' secret anxiety which must to some extent shadow Cecd's life. The knowledgo was hard; it humiliated him. Cecd knew him so well that she read his thoughts in an instant. "Look at all these httle crosses set up in-the moss on this rock !" she exclaimed when they had scrambled up the steep ascent. "I wonder how many hundreds of years tins has been the custom 2 I wonder how many troubled people have come here to dankV' . "And have gained notlung by their superstition? " said Fritinof. . " It was superstition," she said thought-; fully. " And yet, perhaps, the sight of the cross and the: dnnking of the water at least helped them to new thoughts of ' suffering and of life: -Wlio knows, perhaps! some of them went away able to gloiy in their infirmities?" -•" He did not speak for solne minutes, but stood lost in the train of thoughtsuggested to hiwi by her words. The sadness gradually died out of his face, • and she quite understood that it was with no trace of superstition, but merely as a sign of gratitude for a thought which, had helped him, that he took two httle straight twigs, stooped lo drink from St. Qlafskilde, and .then.^set ^jip.-.iua -iiross: among the others in -tho mossy •:. wall. After that they clambered down over : the boulders into the sandy road once more, and chmbed'the steep lull leisurely, planning many things for the future—the rooms in Rowan Tree House, the little -wooden cottage that they meant-to build at Godesund, three hours by-water from Bergen, on a tiny island, whioh. might be' bought at a trifling cost.-; the bright holi-.. day weeks that they would spend there: the work they might share ; the efforts they nught make together in their London life But the sharp contrask between this pictured future and the actual past could hardly fail to: strike one ©f Frithiof's temperament; it was the. thought of :this - which prompted him to speak as .they paused to rest on the -wooded heights above Hillstead. : " I almost wonder," he said, " that you have , the ..courage to marry such an illstarred fellow as^I: have- always proved to be. -You are- very 'brave to take the risk.".' v^:*:; : '-Sf.' r*-:}'.-.;'Cl?.- : She answered him only with her eyes. "So." he said with a snule, "you; think, perhaps, after all the troubles there must be a good time coming?" • i ":That may,be very ,well," she.replied.:; " but now that we belong to each other outer things matter little." "Do you remember the lines about Norway mthe Princess? "'hesaid. "Your love lias-madeithem fame for me;"; Say -them now," -she said; " I have - forgotton." And, 4ooking- out over -tlie ruddy sky where, in this niglit houTj ^the glow of sunet mingled with the glow of dawn, he quoted the words To the toucii of a!! 3ii!scj]:iiice but came . - As hight ifl hiin ttot sitting-on il hill •/* :*::SceE ftejmdBamrdcr^imdiii^lifci-Ko^ .::-.. Bet auto -sunose.-* She followed the ;direetion of his gaze.anil looked, through "the fir trees on the hill upon which they were resting, down to the lovelylake.which;3ay.below.theiii,like-a sheet o£ mother-of-pearl • in -fthe tranquil hght She looked beyond seyond-ito the grand chff-hke mountains .with nth their the! snowy tops to uehed here and there-mto the: most ex- of strength, and independence, and noble jcourage, 1 and.herheari;:6irobbed;iWith , .'joy: as she thought low foreign to it was that hard, hitter ..expression, -oi tlie past. As he repeated the words '-.'Set into sunrjae" I his-eyes met hejslully; all-tlie-tendemess promise-of future possibilities seemed to strike down 4nto her vfery soul'in tMt 1 1 p He diei 1 1 to id ] n 1 1 b t 1 t 11 i) tl I stu il 1 1 nh 1 1 rl n s t' lUtt it; Mil t it. 1 full of j if tj x mi-Jib lie 1 cf th s no 110 mg t 1 nai r 1 in 1 11 toH l] 1 tU } 1 is 31 d pd in 1 1 11 ' c b 1 mi r> presenceijtoa fl ei j-oi nln-itl 1 -j^e ceIn 1 itnl 11 lh t m •lohm-m') tui liunihition id to 3c to it. t r st 11 wl tin thf po 1 tril : a „. till h - Utl! 1 • "W it T 11 On- bi.ef us that you may have some for your bridal wreath," She made a little exclamation of doubt. " Why, - Fnthiof ? Bow long do : you think it -mil go on flowering ? " :, "For anoHier month," he said taking her glowing face between his hands and stooping to kiss her. " Only a month' " she faltered. - " Surely that will be long enough to read the banns 3" he said with a smile. " And you Teally ought: not to - .keep the Linncea waiting a day longer." I THOUGHT I 'WOULD COME OUT TO EXPLORE A IIHIE 