The Brisbane Courier THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1889. Certain honourable members of the Legislative Assembly were in a playful mood yesterday afternoon, due probably to the fact that both the Leader of the House and the Leader of the Opposition were not in their places for part of the time. It was a repetition of the old nursery rhyme, " When the cat's away the mice do play." And the oddity of the circumstance is that the mirthfulness of the most potent, grave, and reverend signiora-or what pass as auch -was literally stirred by grimalkin and ber hunting instincts and capabilities. The Babbit Act Amendment Bill was the measure first submitted for the considera- tion of the Chamber. It had already run the gauntlet of committee so far as clause 4, which made it a misdemeanour to wilfully turn loose a rabbit in any part of the colony, and rendered the guilty person liable to a penalty of £100, and, in addition thereto, to imprisonment with or without hard labour for any term not exceeding two years. This somewhat Draconian legislation was rendered necessary by the suspicion amounting almost to certainty that ill- conditioned and un- scrupulous men were introducing rabbits into Queensland for the purpose primarily of being employed to capture them when the rodents should have increased. Unfor- tunate legislation in New South Wales and Victoria had created a lucrative profession of rabbit-trappers and scalp- hunters, whose first duty to themselves was not to exter- minate the pest, but to prevent it being stamped out. After all our expenditure of more than ¿100,000 in the erection of a net fence along the border with the object of excluding the rabbita there was too great reason to believe that the plague of bunnies was being deliberately intro- duced into our colony so that employment should be found for "rabbiters," "trap- pers," and " scalp-hunters." That there are a few rabbits in South-western Queensland has been proved beyond doubt. That their increase should be checked and if possible their extermination accomplished is most desirable. Those best acquainted with the "ways that are dark and the ways that are strange and the ways that are very peculiar" of the back blocks have not complete faith in either the rabbiters or the wholesome penalties on their felonious intent. Mr. Murphy pins his belief more on ¿be services of the natural enemies of the rabbit for its extinction than on any human agency. And accordingly he moved tho addition of a new clause, relegating the duty to the Governor-in-Council of declaring any animal to be a natural enemy of the rabbit, and of prohibiting the killing or cap turing of such animals within districts to be defined by the same authority. The humour of the situation was that the Governor-in-Council should be, by Act of Parliament, made an authority en natural history,andempowered excathedra to say that any particular creature is or is not a natural enemy of the conies which in scriptural times were only a " feeble folk," but have in these great Austral climes become a veritable power in the land. Questioned closely on the point, the lion, member for Barcoo admitted that he included in his category of natural enemies the eagle hawk, the dingo, the carpet snake, the iguana, and the domestic cat " run wild." But he waB forced to confess that the eagle hawk and the dingo are destructive of lambä, which are certainly more valuable than rabbits, and that he had no desire to protect them. Carpet snakes he also gave up as likely to be taken for other apecie3 of the deceitful and venomous serpent. He appeared to be even doubtful of the virtues of the iguana, and he finally nailed his colours to the mast over lively grimalkin. With the enthusiasm of an ancient Egyptian he worshipped the cat ; not, however, as the descendent of the Pharaohs did for its salvatory attributes, but for its murderous and destructive capa- bilities. Given a certain number of cats Mr. Murphy is prepared to clear the continent of the plague of rabbita as Dick Whittington freed the Empire of Morocco from the plague of rats. But lie waa cautious : he meant the domestic cat " run wild."' Doubtless this reservation was due to a whole3ome dread of the great ft-line army whose gambolling rauks make night hideous on our front verandas and in our back yards. These, of course, the member for the Barcoo would as mercilessly cut oif from their moonlight parades and musical performances as the most irate of sleep-walkers. But " woe, woe," he cried to the man who would destroy a domestic cat "run wild." Mr, Foxton for once in his life became, or tried to turn, facetious, and fixing his eaglehawk glanc« upon the member for Barcoo, with the glitter of a cat's-eye, asked bim to give some distinguishing mark between the domestic pussy aud its con- gener which had developed roving instincts. Was a poor forsaken maid to be fined, drawn, and quartered for drowning a litter of superfluous kittens? Was it even pos- sible to kill a cat iu any btatutory sense, siuce she had nine lives Ï Care killed the cat, says the proverb, and that proverb was quoted by one bon. member-was it the Leader of the Opposition 1-and the very anxiety over his ( whiskered and furry friends displayed by i the member for Barcoo might be said to i have almost defeated his own ends. The i frisky criticism, however, did not divorce I Mr. Murphy from his pets, and he finally secured the insertion of clauses " giving general power to the Governor-in-Council to declare any animal to be a natural enemy of the rabbit, and rendering any person who wilfully killed or used any net, gin, snare, ] or other means for destroying any animal so declared to be a natural enemy of the rabbit liable to a penalty of not more than ¿10, or in default of payment to not more than six months' imprisonment. Mr. Grimes and Mr. Foxton were content to let cats run wild in the wild We3t, but they seriously argued in favour of protecting the farmer and freeholder in closely settled districts from the incursions of feline and other wild animals. Accordingly Mr. Foxton proposed, Mr. Murphy did not oppose, and it waa agreed, that nothing in the section of the Act relating to enemies of the rabbit should apply to any person or his servant killing any animal found upon his land with the bona fide intention of protecting himself or his master, or his or his master's property, or to aboriginals. Thereafter the bill passed through committee, and Mr. Murphy was happy. The remainder of the evening was devoted to a dull discussion in committee of a score or more of clauses of the Companies Act Amendment Bill. Of a Communal nature has been that portion of the contents of Pandora's box with which we in Brisbane are familiar. But although tiriged largely with the element of civic trouble, there has been wanting a proper admixture of municipal hope, unless of that deferred order which maketh the heart of the ratepayer sick. Nearly two years have now passed since the Ci j Council, acting with the concurrence of tue then Colonial Secretary, the Hon. B. B. Moreton, decided to carry on necessary works in the severed South Ward, pending the then ensuing elections. Having provided for the establishment of a responsible local authority in South Brisbane, the Government guaranteed any expenditure which might be thus incurred by the parent body. Upon the formation of the now council some cor- respondence passed between the old and the new corporations with reference to the transfer of contracts. The first docisive step was taken by South Brisbane in the forra of notice to the Government, dated the 31st March, 1888, to withdraw the guarantee in existence for the protection of the Bris- bane Council. Since that time, it may be noted in passing, nothing, with one solitary exception, has been paid by South Brisbane in the shape of reimbursements to the North sido except upon compulsion. In the beginning of April last year a joint committee was appointed by both the interested bodies to mutually dis- cuss the position which wa3 then considered so urgent by the Southern Corporation that on the 13 th of the same month the Mayor of Brisbane was requeatod to "appoint a time aa early as possible when it would be convenient for the Joint Committee to meet." That committee completed its labours upon the 24th, and upou the 20th of april its proceedings were ratified on the South side at a general council meet- ing. Attention cannot, in the light of after events, be too strongly drawn to the methods of settlement thus pro- posed and adopted. The recommendations then made as will be remembered embraced the appointment of two valuators, ono for each side, who in the event of a disagree- ment wero empowered to " appoint an umpire." The necessity for a valuation of the municipal properties arose from the basis agreed upon for a settlement, which, being arranged under Bection 4 of clause l8 of the Local Government Act of 1878, was as follows:-"The municipality of South Brisbane shall bo entitled to Bush portion of the property and assets of the previously existing municipality, and shall be liable to pay such portion of the debts and liabilities thereof, as bears the same proportion to the whole as the value of the ratable property in the late South Ward bore to the value of the ratable property of the whole municipality of Brisbane upon the valuation of 1887." The new municipality with praiseworthy energy at once determined to act. Mr. Hall was ap- pointed as valuer and the Northern council was urged, on the 11th July, to lose no time in forcing the matter. In reply Mr. Stephens was advised that Mr. Hull's co- valuator was to be Mr. Adams, and for more than three months these gentlemen were engaged in appraising the city pro- perty, with the result, as is now known, of increasing the estimate of its worth from £300,000 to over £750,000. Thus far, with the exception of the Victoria Bridge wrangle, relations between the two councils had been pleasant and straightforward enough. The valuation had been com- pleted, and nothing, so it seemed, re- mained to be done but to ascertain the amounts owing by each body and proceed to an immediate settlement. This course was, in fact, proposed by the Mayor of Brisbane in a letter dated the 1st Novem- ber, 1888. That communication contained the information that Mr. R. B. Hall was to represent the city as their accountant, and that he was prepared to meet a nominee from the South side in order jointly to adjust the accounts. In the event of any difficulty these adjusters were to select an arbitrator, and arrive at a decision not later than the 31st December. Strange to say, the suggested umpire was the rock upon which the negotiations were to split. The South Brisbane councillors, with that han- kering after Government interference which has ever distinguished them, proposed the following unwieldy alternative:—"That after the accounts are adjusted by the two ac- countants, they be submitted to a joint committee of both councils, consisting of four aldermen and the mayors. Should the joint committee be unable to agree on any matter in dispute, the same to be referred to the Honourable the Colonial Secretary for final settlement." The adoption of such a plan could not fail to have been followed by an interminable dispute. The dissension raised by the bridge question would have paled into insignificance before the delight- ful squabble sure to result among rival aldermen over any matter about which any two accountants might differ. But this, al- though aggravating the position taken up by the South Brisbane Council, was not the real point. According to the basis already adopted and approved by the sanction accorded to the recommendations of the April Joint Committee two adjusters and an arbitrator were to do the work. The objections put forward by South Brisbane were therefore ultra vires. To argue otherwise would be to eliminate all that is sacred or binding in an agreement. Moreover, their acceptance of two arbitrators and an umpire in the matter of the valuation already made (and actually paid for during November) proves them to have been actuated by no fixed principles, but rather to have been casting about for a line of behaviour equally ob- structive and absurd. All this was forcibly pointed out by the Brisbane Council on the 19th November, but without shaking the change of opinion so lately atfected by the Southern body of aldermen who were now rapidly becoming antagonistic. Indeed the only effect of a mild insinuation that the Stanley-street council were acting under some misapprehension was to provoke a rather angry rejoinder dated the 24th November, 1888, in which a savage desire for retaliatory innuendo might be detected lurking behind the official language. Corre- spondence upon the subject then ceased until the end of last month. The matter has been much discussed, however, upon both sides of the river during the interim. The question of the rights and liabilities of each council, be it observed, is entirely separate from that of the actual expenses incurred by one body on behalf of the other. Nevertheless it suits the Southern representatives to refer to the two matters as one when attributing to the delay in settlement much of the local impe- cuniosity. On the other hand, so convinced are Brisbane aldermen to the contrary, that notice has been given that interest will be charged upon the balances in dispute. Roughly speaking, the actual account against South Brisbane is about £4000, while the amount of liability to the Government to be transferred to their debit when the valuable properties on the other bank of the river are also handed over will be in the neighbour- hood of £100,000. The magnitude of these amounts is evidently the pill which cannot be swallowed by the Stanley-street coterie. The value of the prospective properties does not, in their estimation, coat the dose of debt sufficiently with sugar. Therefore, in their last letter re- opening the major question there is no indication to be found of resilience from their ultimatum of last November. No objection to the previously accepted plan is withdrawn, and no expla- nation is to be fouud of the breach of faith upon the prior agreement as to an umpire, A policy of "bounce" has been adopted, but thero is a limit to the exuberanoe even of municipal folly. In this matter the Brisbane ratepayers have been sufficiently flouted, A speedy end must be put to the trouble. Meanwhile, resort is to be had to the law upon one of the disputes involved. Proceedings are being taken against South Brisbane for the recovery of somo moneys expended. It will probably not be long before the hands of her stubborn represen- tatives aro forced upon the combined questions at issue. Accounts which continue to reach us of the state of the inhabitants of the Shantung province of China, devastated by the flood- ing of the Yellow Biver, exceed in horror anything we have read of iu ancient or modern times. The submerging of Johns- town city in the Conemaugh Valley of Pennsylvania, which seems more appalling than over now that its full details are before us, and which rightly elicited our sympathy anti help, is yet absolutely as nothing com- pared to the sufferings of the miserable Chinese. The Johnstown calamity, re- peated twenty times over, does not come within sight of the infliction that has fallen on the Shantung province alone. Thero the starving, the dying, and the dead are each to be numbered, not by tens of thou- sands, but by millions. Still, after previous fruitless appeals, we might not have troubled our readers again on the subject but for the emerging upon us of yet another horror before which silence were a crime. The gruesomo story of the siege of Samaria, in which King Ahab as ho walked upon the wall was appealed to for help by a famish- ing woman, who had been swindled by a neighbour over a bargain about the eating of their children, may prepare the reader for the appalling fact in China. The fearful resource to which these two women had betaken themselves, worse than the last horrible extremity of ocean castaways, has been reduced to a daily business transac- tion among the starving millions of Shan- tung. A Chinese paper narrates that the sale of women and children for food pur- poses is an everyday matter in the famine stricken districts. The people, it goes on to say, must have food ; but they caunot bear to kill and eat those to whom they them- selves have given birth, and each family, therefore, exchanges its own for those of others, or sells and buys> ns necessity prompts. Even if the Chinese Govern- ment were inactive, a horror like this should, appeal to the sympathies of those who call themselves Christian nations. But tho truth is that the native authorities are exerting themselves to the utmost. Those wlio know the facts write to say that all that has been contributed by foreigners is but a small fractiou of what has been done by the Chinese for Chinese. The truth is that the extent of the calamity is utterly beyond their utmost resources. The Governor of Shantung has distributed 200,000 taels in that province alone ; but amongst millions of starving human beings even that sum only touches the fringe of the distress. And the latest news-end of July-is that yet another disas- trous inundation has come down on the already famine stricken province, and has again been followed by an immense loss of life and property. Previous to this Victoria had sent off her contribution of £3150, and other Australian colonies have followed suit. Will Queensland still remain obdurate before the overwhelming horrors that now come to our ears ? Are millions of our fellow creatures to buy and sell their own flesh and blood for food, and another flood to come down on them in their ex- tremity of misery, while we stand by with folded hands because they are Chinese ? We should think it impossible for our citizens to eat another meal, much less pray as they did on Sunday for their daily bread, without thinking of the "pitiful women" whose hands have sold or "sodden their own children." In accordance with the promise made to those members who bad mado arrangements to visit tho Toowocmba show the Oovornment pro- ceeded yesterday afternoon with business of as non-contentious a character as could be found on the ordor paper. The consideration of the Rabbit Act Amendment Bill in committee was resumed, and Mr. Murphy proceeded to intro- duce his new clauses, making the destruction of any natural eaeiny of the rabbit an offence punishable by a fine of not less than £5 nor more than £20, or imprisonment not exceeding six months. Mr. Drake objected that such protection was impracticable, for under it a man oould kill a tams cat, but must carefully keep bia hands off a tame cat that had gone wild, for the feline that had thus changed its habits was as sacred as if the country were inhabited by the ancient Egyptians. Again, it was argued that the eagle is an enemy of the rabbit-ergo, it would be law-protected; but at the same time it is no friend of juvenile lambs, and even if a sheep-owner saw the progeny of his best imported ewe in the clutches of this carnivorous bird of the air, he could only empty his breeohloader into it by ooinmitting a breach of the law. Thus, said Mr. Drake, it is dangerous to inter- fere with tho course of naturo, for if one class of animals were protected, some other class would be destroyed, and vice lena. An example of this was cited in the oase of the dingo, tho destruction of which has, many people say, done as much harm as good. This was admitted by Mr. Murphy to a certain extent; he said that thero was no doubt that the destruction of the dingoes had enabled the marsupials to multiply uutil they had become a pest, but he could find nothing to say against the protection of cats, even if they did rob an occasional ben-roost of some promising chickens. Far botter it would be that we should loso our spring chiokens than that wholo flourishing agricultural dis- tricts should bo depopulated by the rabbit in- vasion as had occurred in Victoria. Somebody interjected a query as to whether the snake and the iguana ("guano," the bon. gentleman pronounced it, by the way) should bo protected also. Certainly, said Mr. Murphy ; the iguana should be protected and so should carpet snakes, for they wero perfectly innoxious and could get away with more of the vermin than any armed rabbiter who over en- joyed a sportsman's life and 30s. a week and rations. This statement was the beginning of a discussion on natural history whioh was both interesting and amusing. Mr. O'sullivan could not be persuaded that the carpet snake wa3 non-venomous although Mr. Murphy assured him that he had tied one round his neck and was willing to do so again. Mr. O'sullivan shook his head dubiously. Ho said he had been long enough in the colony to know a carpet snako when he saw ono, and he had seon such a reptile bite a dog which died in consequonce. Mr. Hodgkinson expressed his Eurpriso at the incident whioh the momber for Stanley had vouched for, and said he was half afraid that a "yellow dog" and an imaginary "snake" wore the heroes of it. And then in his most humorous and, at the sams time, gravest style, Mr. Hodgkinson proceeded to the en- lightenment of the nouso. Adopting the manner of a class lecturer, and speaking with all the dignity of a Dr. Bircbem, he stated tliat there were three species of serpents - the colubridte, of which the naja tripudian* or Indian cobra is the most fatal oxamplo ; the vipérine, to whioh speoioä the asp, whose poisonous fangs brought that historical horoino Cleopatra to an untimely end, belongod ; and tho python, or boa-oonstriotor (whioh is the proto- type of our Australian carpet snako), that gigantic serpent, which for throe days delayed the progress of the legions of Begulus on his landing in Africa. The House listened to him thus far before it bogan to suspect that any joke was intended ; then the faces of bon. members one by ono began to brighten up and grow pleasanter and moro cheerful with overy word, until at tlio end of the sentence everyone joined in the chorus of laughter. Mr. Hodgkinson was going on to inform members how thoy could tell venomous from non-venomous snakes, whero tho fangs, glands, and poison sacs wore situated relatively to the maxillary norvo, and a lot of other things, when he reoolleoted that the probability was that when the gentlemen whom he was addressing bade good-day to a analco thoy would first reaoh for a dub and kill it and then satisfy themselves as to whother it was a oarpot or a tiger snake. He feared that a law pro- tecting any kind of snako would fail to change human nature, and that in spite of the law the average man would obey the Christian precept I and causo his "hool to crush the serpent's head" whouevor ho got the chanco. " Is the groat pastoral industry to be driven out of this country by a rabbit ?" asked Mr. Hodgkinson, and he added, "They havo ex- terminated the original blaoks, and thus dis- turbed the balauoo of nature ; and then they have attacked with unsurpassed oourage the dingo and thus still further disturbed the natural omitlibriurn ; they have destroyed tho marsupials, and now these pastoral heroes uro themselves to be driven out by the mild-eyed rabbit, and their only hopo is in tho domestic cat, while thoy aro prepared to cborish tho carpet snake in their bosoms!" The argu- ments used by various members in opposition to the proposal to protect snakes, eagle-hawks, and dingoes wero ofleotive. Mr. Murphy agreed that tho hawks and dingoes would drive tho sheep off the runs as certainly as would tho rabbits. Ho admitted that a man might mistake a carpet stake for a venomous reptile, and he therefore expressed bia willingness to omit each of these kinds of oreatures from the operation of tho bill. " Then," said Sir S. W. Griffith, " what animal is there in the colony to whioh the bill will apply?" "To the oats," replied the member for tho Barcoo. " There nre hundreds of them in the sedgy grass bordering the rivers out in the wostorn country ; thoy ore tame oats which havo run wild, and they aro the greutest enemy the rabbits have." " All about oats" is a Bhort sentence enough, but it fully desoribes the balance of the debate. The Loader of the Opposition appoared to think it rather a trivial matter to legislate about, for he argued that if a man wanted to terminate the career of an objectionable tabby it did not follow that ho was going in for a felino battue, u regular cat hunt. It would in- deed bo a serious thing, other members seemed to think, if a man could not drown a super- fluous kitten or two without rendering himself liable to punishment. How cun we expect to build up a great nation if wo deprive our boys of tho rights their forefathers hnvo always enjoyed of firing half-a-briok at every vagrotn cat that ventures within range ? This section of the bill Mr. Foxton styled the "oat's claws," and there was great merriment over it in almost every part of the House except that which is known as " tho siinatter's corner." Opposition members especially seemed to be in a humour for pleasantry. Mr. Hodgkinson objected to the words of the clause preventing a man from " capturing, selling, or disposing of " a cat. The time might come, ho said, whon he might want to set up in business as a erst merchant. There is nothing infamous in such trafilo, and why therefore should lie be prevented from pursuing his legal (cat) calling, and purchasing purring pusseys, or trading otf tortoiseshell " tommys" at his own sweet will and pleasure. Sir S.W. Griffith said that it was only intended, he supposed, to prevent persons from taking the lives of these animals unnecessarily, " but," interjectel Mr. More- head, "a cat has nine lives I" Mr. Hodgkin- son added that it would only be right that pooplo Bhould also be prevented from annoying cats. So far as his perusal of the cluusi carried him, he was unable to find anything prohibiting tbo putting of cat's feet in walnut shells. At this the House fairly broke down, and the clau«e seemed to bo in imminent danger of being laughed out of court. How- ever with some amendments it was pasted through committee eventually. The persistency with which bon. members who are engaged in pa«toral pursuits supported their amendments on the bill, in spite of all tliis chaff and good- natured opposition, can be understood by those who have had soms ex perience of the rabbit plague. An instance re« lated hy Mr. Casey tells the whole story to those who know nothing of it. He gaye that nome years ago he was managing a station situated between the Lachlan and Darling Rivers in New South Walos. The rabbits had not ad-, vnnced within 100 miles of this run, as everyone, thought ; hut one day a man told him that he had seen one at the boundary. The statement was laughed at, but Mr. Casey told his informant that if he brought him that rabbit's skin next day he would pay him £5. The skin was for&coming;, and at onoo Mr. Casey advised the proprietors to sell the station. Negotia- tions were entered into with a syndicate in Sydney, and they sent a gentleman up to inspeot the place. He rode carefully over the run, and seeing no signs of rabbits made no inquiries about thom. Consequently tho station changed hands at a figuro very satisfactory to tho vendors at all events. "Within seven years the new proprietors paid tho sum of £17,000 during a period extending only to twelve months for the purpose not of exterminating the rabbits, but of simply keeping them within bounds. After tho clauses had passed Mr. Foxton called attention to a clause of the 1S63 Act whioh is still unropealed, and which imposes a penalty of £1 upon any person who wilfully destroys a rabbit. He had the support of Sir S. W. Griffith with regard to this statement, hut Mr. Morehead said that the matter had been dealt with by another measure, and nothing further was said of it. The subsequent proceedings interested hut fow of the members. The Companies Bill was taken up in committee, and twenty-two olausea were got through without very much dim« culty. When the House adjourned Mr. Morehead announced that the Oivil Service Bill would bo recommitted this evening, and when that had been finished with the Companies Bill will be taken up again. On 1st June last, through an error in the Electric Tolograph Offioo, an unfortunate mis- take was made in this journal in reporting the committal for forgery at Normanton, of E. A. Ward, solicitor, the name of " E. A. 'Wood" being substituted for " "Ward." Shortly after- . wards it was pointed out tous that a mistake had been made, and accordingly a correction waa inserted in tho Courier of 6th June. In the meantime tho error had been repeated in tho Northern edition of tho Queenslander, though not in the ordinary or priuoipal edition, and on the following 'Saturday the message was reproduced in its correot form in tho same journal. On the 18th of the month a long "collect" telegram was reoaived from Mr. Wilton Wood by the publisher of the Queens' lander demanding that a full explanation should bo published in that journal, and "vehemently protesting" against the erroneous telegram as a " false, mischievous, and noxious paragraph." Tho correction and apology were accordingly mado in the Northern edition of the Queenslander of the 22nd June, and this company's managing director communicated with Mr. Wilton Wood, both hy telegraph and post, expressing his doep regret at the inadver- tence. As nothing further was heard _ of the matter for more than a month it was pre« sumed that Mr. Wilton Wood was satisfied with the explanation, especially as the mistake originated in the Telegraph Office, and was so obviously inadvertent on our part that there could be no possible suspioion of malice. About a fortnight ago, however, Mr. Wilton Wood'a metropolitan representatives wrote to our oom pany, stating that their client was unsatisfied with either puhlio or private explanations, and that they had been instructed to sue our proprietors for libel. In reply they wore in- formed that explanations had already been made, but that if thoy would point out what further stop should bo taken the company would bo happy to consider it. The result was, however, the intimation that a writ would be issued for heavy damages, and this instrument our solicitors have since received. Under these oiroumstnnces we can only reiterate our ex- pressions of regret that the error was made, and that no settlement eeoms capable of being arrived at otherwise than through a costly aotion in the Supreme Court. We may further add our belief that no person who road the erroneous telegram for a moment supposed that it applied to so rospectable a member of the legal profession as Mr. Wilton "Wood is known to be. The hearing of the action Meyenberg v. Pattison and others was continued in the Supreme Court yesterday, before his Honour Mr. Acting Justice Chubb and a jury of four. The cross-examination of the plaintiff was con- cluded, and no further evidence was called on his side. Counsel for the defendants then submitted that there was no case to go to the jury, inasmuch as it had not been proved that a contract had been made to give the plaintiff an interest in one of the Mount Morgan shares, and that if such a contract had been made, which was denied by the defendants, it did not exist in writing. After some argument his Honour refused to interfere with the pro- gress of the case. Sir S. W. Griffith then de- livered his opening address to the jury on behalf of defendants. The first witness called on that side was Mr. D'Arcy, who continued under examination during the greater part of the day. His evidence amounted to a total denial of the whole of plaintiff's statements, and an assertion that plaintiff was never pro- mised an interest in Mount Morgan. Mr. D'Arcy was subjected to a close cross-examina- tion, which had not been finished when the court adjourned till the following day. Messrs. Mathieson and Johnston, two of the Railway Commissioners, visited Ipswich yester- day (says our correspondent^ aocompanied by Messrs. Thallon (traffic manager), and Horni blow (locomotive engineer). The commissioners arrived at 12 o'olock by special train, and wera joined at tho station by Messrs. Darker (locomotive superintendent) and Graham (rail- way storekeeper). The party drove over to North Ipswich to tho works of Messrs. Springall and Frost and Messrs. Hancock Bros., -where locomotives and carriages re- spectively aro being built for the Railway Department. In both establishments the visitors carefully inspactod the premises and the work bsing done, and subsequently they were taken through the old and new railway workshops. The party also examined the railway btores, and this over the commissioners took their departuro for Brisbane. The Rev. E. Griffith, who has for go many years held the position of pastor to the Wharf [ street Congregational Church, having resigned, the choico of the congregation fell after much deliberation upon tho Rev. W. Scott, of Hull, England. A cable message offering the ap- pointment to that gentloman was sent during last month, and a private telegram has just been received intimating that Mr. Scott has accepted the position. The Rev. W. Scott has for the past seven years occupied with success the pulpit formerly held by the Rev. Newman Hall. He is most highly spoken of, and comes to Brisbane with the best testimonials. A man in the primo of life, he is well known as n good platform speaker, and one who has exorcised a good influenças outside the church at which he officiated. Mr. Scott's formal reply has not yet been received, but this is expected hy mail shortly, and the date of his iutended departure from England for Brhbano will then most likely bo given. Sir. Griffith will retain office a« pastor until Mr. Scott's arrival, and the Wharf-street chiuvh has engaged tho service« of the Rev. J. C. Warner for three montia in the meantime. Owing to the absence from Brisbnno of the Govtarnor, who yesterday visited Toowoomba, 1 the ordinary meeting of tho Executive Council ] waa not held. The shareholders of the Brisbane Land and Investment Company, Limited, held their first annual moeting at the Stock Exchange on Tues- day afternoon, Mr. W. T. Blakeney (chairman of directors) occupying the ohair. The secre- tary read the report and balance-sheet, whioh recommended the payment of a dividend at the rate of 20 per cent per annum on ths year's transactions, and on the motion of Mr. Mills, seconded by Mr. Weedon, they weçe unani- mously adopted. As the, directors wish to extend the operations of the company, it was decided to offer a fresh issue of shaves to the present shareholders pro rata, and in the event of their not being all taken up by them the balanoe to be offered to the general public. The retiring directors, Messrs. F. G. Hamilton and J. J. Kingsbury, were unanimously re elected, as wera also the retiring auditors, Messrs. B. Robinson and H. Imrie. The meeting terminated after a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Department of Agriculture have de- spatched to the Mackay State Nursory about 200 cocoanuts, which were received by tho Merrie England from tho Government of New Guinea. A large number of these will be dis tribed to farmers on the coast. Captain Moody, commanding E Company of the Moreton Begiment-the Kangaroo Point contingent. has received for his com- pany a prize of £10, presented by Major Í. Gartsido, commanding officer of tho regi- ment, for the company showing upon the annual retaros the best attendance at drills and camp during the year 18S8-9. Mr. Phillips, late of the steamer Adonis, has been appointed chief engineer of the New Guinea Government steam yacht Merrie England, and Mr. George Douglas, engineer of the Government steamer Albatross, has boen appointed second engineer of the Merrie Eng- land. Mr. Douglas will enter upon his now duties on being relieved of the position he now . occupies. Those appointments wero incorrectly stated in yesterday's issue. Sir William MaoGregor expects lo remain in Biisbane three weokB longer. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the for- mation of a now company in connection with tho Brisbano Volunteer Corps was hold in the Cax ton-street Hall on Tuesday night. Lieutenant J. A. Craig, by direction of the major com- manding, being in attendance. Thero was a large muster, and the servioo book, signed by a number of eligible young mon, was producod by Mr. J. W. Ayscough, who bad attested tho Signatures as a J.P. After a little discussion, Lieutenant Craig explained to tho joining members tho rales and regulations of tho corps, and expressed the satisfaction Major Thynne would feel in having an additional oompany under his command. It was arranged that tho first drill should ba held at the drill-shed, Petrie-terraco, to-morrow (Friday) evening. A deputation of readouts of Taringa and In- dooroopilly was introduced to the Postmaster General on Tuesday by Mr. S. Grimes, M.Ii. A., to ask that a post oilioo be established at Taringa on the ground that tho railway station, is too small and too inconveniently situated, and owing to insufficient accommoda- tion is a souroe of froquent compluints. After hearing the views of the deputation, tho Post- master-General promised to send the postal inspector to visit the locality and report as to the desirableness of establishing a letter delivery once a day. It was recently stated lo Mr. T. Finney by certain of the promoters of the early-closing movement that it had been reported about the business houses of the oity that Messrs. Finney, Isles, and Co. wore at the bottom of the early closing movement, and that if it did not suc- ceed they were going baok to the old hours on Saturday nights. Mr. Finney has written a reply in whioh he says :-" I wish to state that our firm always did and always will sympathise with and assist every legitimate and fair effort for shortening the hours of labour to reasonable dimensions for all classes of workers. With reference to our reverting to the old slavish hours on Saturday nights, nevor shall our firm do so as long as the present mombera of the firm live, no matter what other houses may do. We took an independent stand ten years ago and commenced closing early by ourselves on Saturday nights, after our efforts for years failed to induce any of tho other Queen-street firms to join us, so that our action speaks for itself, showing that %ve are determined to adhere to and aot up to our short- hour principles even if wo surfer loss by doing so." The committee of the Queensland Scottish As- sociation met on Tuesday night at their room in Kent's Buildings, Adelaide-street. Among tlie correspondence was a letter from his Excellency Sir William MaoGregor expressing his rogret that family bereavement prevented his accepting the invitation of the association to preside ut the concert, but Btating that if ho was in Bris- bane on the 23rd instant he would be pleasod to attend in a private capacity. It was re- ported that Mr. K. J. Scott had held a practice of the double quartottes on Saturday last, and that they should prove a decided success. A few minor details in connection with tlio concert wore arranged, after which the moet- ing broke up. A large number of members attended at tho meeting of the Chamber of Commerce yester- day afternoon and sevoral important matters were discussed. Motions dealing with the question of the Canadian Puoifio Moil Service, the establishment of a Government cement testing department, forest conservancy, and the method of purchasing and disposing of shares were carried unanimously. With regard to tho first subject it was decided to open up communications with the Chambers of Com- merce at Victoria (Vancouver's Island) vand Montreal and request them to forward a copy of the Canadian tariff and a detailed list of their imports and exports ; also to inquire what tho prospects wero of the proposed line being established between Vancouver's Island and Australia. Deputations were nppoirted to wait upon the Minister for Mines and Works and the Minister for Lands with regard to the testing of cement and forest conservancy ; while a committee was selected to consider the manner in which shares are bought and sold and transferred in Queensland. The arrangements for the coming Exhibition are making satisfactory progress. The Execu- tive Committee having found that the number of cattlo stalls required is greatly in excess of previous years have determined not only to alter the stables generally allotted to " miscel- laneous" so as to render them available for cattle, but also to ereot a few new stalls on tho lower side of the carnage paddock. The number of fat cattle entered is also very large, and if all come forward will more than fill tLo stockyards. The Government dairy is now being painted preparatory to being placed in jj-.eition in the temporary building. This structure has been floored and fainted, and presents a greatly improved appearance. Machinery is daily arriving on the grounds, and the space taken up by thia important section is nearly double what it was last y<?ar. We are requested to state that entries for the ladies' hack prize will be received up to 2 p.m. on Wednesday, the 21st instant, and also that there will be no entrance fee required of lady members of the association. Notice is als? given of the Agricultural Conference, which is . to be held in the rooms of the association during Exhibition ; a full programme of the papers to be read will be found in nur advertising £PjinjB2ig. During his visit to Toowoomba yesterday ] t his Excellency Sir H. W. Norman visited 3 Hurlaxton, a house at the foot of the range some two milos distant from Toowoomba, the residence of tho late Hon. F. T. Gregory, which has boen suggested to him as a de- sirable residence for the summer. Both his Excellency and Lady Norman ara very favourably impressed with Toowoomba and ita surroiindings. The rehearing of the case of Joshua Bailey, which waa sot downforyesterdayin tho Railway Arbitrator's Court, did not take place, as the claimant's agent, i\Ir. Wm. Castles, withdrew the case on Tuosday, having agreed to accept the railway arbitrator's award of £041 lGs. Gd. mado in March, 1SSS. Mr. Bailoy claimed £2C37 for 1 rood 7 porches of land in Yeovil streat resumed for the Fortitude Valley line, and the Commissioner for Railways offered him. ¿612. The railway arbitrator awardod him £911 lGs. Gd. Mr. Bailey not being satisfied with the award appealed to the Supremo Court, and the case was ordered to be reheard by the railway arbitrator. The Under Secretary for Agriculture (Mr. P. M'Lean) delivered a lecture last night in the hall of tie Agricultural and Pastoral Socioty of Southern Queonsland, at Beenleigh, on "Silos and Ensilage." Mr. J. E. Squier, manager for tho Eastern Extonsioa Tologiaph Company, wired from Sydney yesterday as follows:-"Fourteen tests 6how "no ohange in the New ¡boland cable since tho s.s. Sherard Osborne spoke to us distant about 9S2 miles from Sydney atll.45 a.m. on the 8th instant. Signals -woro perfect. Tho electrician on board said thoy would then buoy our end aud return to Nelson end, and we might expeot them baok again twelve hours later. There is no reason to suppose that any- thing but had weather is dolaying the work. Any change will be notified at once." At the Opera House this ovening Miss Katie Putnam and the company associated with her will produce a dramatisation of Diokona's " Old Curiosity Shop." Tins is said to bo the best of her performances. The following land will bo open for selection at the various land offices mentioned on and after Monday, 7 th October :-Agricultural farms (surveyed) : Beenleigh, No. 126S, por- tion 30, Witheren, 05 novos; Brisbane, No. 4352, portion 421, Hedland, 30S acres, and No. 4617, portion 33, Sarabah, 39 acres ; Bunda- berg, No. 423, portion 29v, Gin Gin, 80 acros ; Cairns, No. 8!), portion lv, Cairns, 120 aorcs ; Inglewood, No. 105, portion 27, Texas, 02 J ucros ; Ipswich, No. 1029, portion 40v, Camp- bell, 1G0 acres, and No. 1395, portion 40v, Clumber, G61 acres; Mackay, No. 1224, Abingdon, 1G0 acres, and No. 1247, Kelvin, 400 acres; Mourilyan (at Geraldton office) No. 109, JohuBtoiio, 12S0 acres ; Toowoomba, No. 819, portion 34v, Milton, 1G0 acros; and No. 873, portion 55v, Dougla«, 1G0 acres; "Warwick, No. 5S0, portion lv, Tummaville, 630 acros. Agricultural farms (unstirvoyed) : Ipswioh, 50 squaro miles, Colin and East Haldon, maximum area, 12S0 aores ; Maokay, J of a square mile, Abingdon. Grazing farms (surveyed) : Charters Towers, No. 4, portion 3v, Eumara, 19,000 acres; Stanthorpe, No. 169, portioni3v, Aitkius JFlat, 2980 acres. Marked off midor 44th section : Aramac district, open at oourt-houBe, Mutta- burra, ten farms on Bowen Downs resumption, Thomson rivor-four parish of Camoola from 13,000 to 20,000 acros, two at Longway of 10,000 aores oaoh, and four at Goodberry, one of those hoing 9000 and three 10,000 aores oaoh ; Rockhampton, tcu farms, ranging ia aroa from 1300 to 5000 acres, parish of Charle- ville, on the resumed part of Charleville and Sanders runs ; Roma, four farms in tho parish and on tho resumed part of Mount Dobatable run-one of 3000 acres and three of 6000 acres. At the last weekly mooting of tho Bruns wiok-straet Primitive Methodist Mutual Im- provement Clais a largo numbor of members and friends assorabled to hear a debate on tho sub- ject, " Should publicans rocoivo compensation ? Mr. E. Gamott, taking tho affirmative, read a very concise and well arranged paper in sup- port of his viows. Mr. G. Lemon, who took tho negative sido of the question, replied, and apparently in tho opinion of the majority of his bearers in a most conclusivo manner, to his op- ponent's argumonts. A spirited discussion ensued, in which the greater numbor of those present took part. Mr. Garnett, in reply, reiterated his former argumonts and brought forward fresh ones. A volo was then called for on the subject, resulting in a majority of threo for the nogative. Takon all through the gathering waa of an extremely interesting character and produotivo of much good. The report of the medical superintendent of the Bonovolent Asylum at Dunwich for last week is as follows :-In the Iioubo at last re- port, 4G3 males, 02 females ; since admitted, 1 female ; roturnod from leave, 5 males, 1 female; discharged, 1 malo, 1 female; diod, 2 malos ; absont on leave, 4 males ; remaining, 407 males, G3 females. The medical superin- tendent acknowledges tho receipt of parcels of newspapers from the Parliamentary librarian, the Australian Mutual Provident Society, Messrs. J. C. Beal and J. R. Newman Wilson, and the Rev. James Stewart, all of Brisbane ; also a case of plants from the curator of the Acclimatisation Society. Deaths during the week : James Dresbaok, 69, nativo of the United States of America ; Richard Carter, 50, native of Plymouth, Dovon, England. ' The draughts tournament for the champion- ship of the Brisbane club and the cup presented by the Fairfield "Wine Company opened yester- day evening in the club's room«, Petrio's Bight. Tho play was conducted on the "knock-out" system-that i«, each player mupt bo beaten twice. The first round resulted as follows : R. Mar beat Chas. Abraham, sen.; G. Foord beat R. Frazer ; J. Munro heat J. II. Clark ; Chos. Abraham, jun., beat J. J. Lovekin; P. Hardie beat 0. Appleby ; J. O. Horsfall beat G. T. Bullock. The play in the second round will take place on the 28th instant. An adjourned meeting of tho Brisbane Volunteer Fire Brigade was held last evening, at the Royal Georgo Hotel, for the establish- ment of a branch of their fire brigade in tho district of Now Farm. The patron uf the brignde, Mr. II. Wakefield, presided, and about fifteen woro present. Lieutenant Jennings, Mr. Tnmblo (secretary), and Fireman Lloyd were also present. Mr. Wakefield stated that if the meeting wai held nearer the centre of Now Farm ho was sure lhere would le fifty present instead of fifteen. Mr. Trimble said he had received a letter from Mr. Campbell wishing the meeting every success and pro- mising his support. Lieutenant Jennings moved, and Mr. Welsby seconded, that this meetine bo adjourned to this night (Wednesday) fortnight, to bo hpld at Mr. Campbell's mills. This was carried unanimously- The chairman read the resolutions vi Inch were to bo placed l before the meeting, and soreral other gentlemen also spoke on the matter. It íb e-xppcted that j the future meeting will ho well attended. A vote ¡ of thanks was accorded te the members of the 1 Brisbane Volunteer Fire Brigade for their j attendance. ! Sub.inspec*or Peacock came to town last ', night, and brought moro definite information ¡ t ! concerning the alleged find of k°U at "St. ' f I Helena. In hil report, which he has sub- I » I miffed to Mr. R. Lee Bryce, he confirms the ! s statement received by telegraph yesterday j f morning that the whole thing was a hoax on ' » I the part of one of Dobbyn'* men named Cox. I Ï Cox stated to Sub-inspector Peacock that he j ' had picked up the piece of quartz in the ' trenches, having loosened it with his pick. He had previously showed it to the other men in a casual way, and from his manner the y believed him. It was only on Monday, how over, while going down on the Mary, that Cox told Mr. Peacock of it, and although put through a severe examination ho maintained that his story wa3 true, and towards evening he even went with Peacock and others aud pointod out the spot where ho said he had found it. The bench in question -was sunk through clinker-looking conglomerate matter, which had the appearanoo of having been tho mouth of a voloano. Some of the stuff, Mr. Poaoook thought, resembled Mount Morgan stone, and this of courso lent oolour to the story, and in consequence tho wiro alroady published was sent. On Tuesday aftornoon Cox confessed to Captain Pennefather and Sub-inBpector Peacook that tho whole affair was a hoax, aud that the gold-bearing stono was obtained from his (Co.:'s) brother-in-law. Sub-inspector Peacook in his roport expresses regret that suoh a story has bsen circulated. A large number of persons were present last evening at Surgeon-Major Thomson's ambu- lance looture in tho School of Arts. The lco ture, which dealt with " Nurses and Nursing," was of n very interesting character. The various forms of tieatment in different ail- ments were desorlhed at length, and tho best modes of making patients oomfortablo and con- tented were dosoribed. The lecturer was loudly applauded at the conolusion of his remarks. A meeting of the Queensland 'Watchmakers and Jewellers' Association washold last evening at the Royal Hotol, Mr. E. Durant in tho chair. The objoots of the assooiation wero brought up and confirmed. Tho principal of these is stated to be "to counteract influences that may be working against its members' interests, investigate reforms, to sweep away abuses, and to maintain tho oight boura' sysBtom." Fifty-threo members were enrolled, and Mr. C A, Brown was unanimously eleoted president ; Mr. Mayfiold vice-prosidont. A committee of twelve was appointed, with Mr. J. It. Elsnor as hon. soorotary, and Mr. F. Bosoh us troasnrer. Rules wero duly passed and confirmed, and the subscription fixed. The hon. soorotary is now propared to reoeivothe names of membors willing to join. Tho following undefended cases wero hoard nt tho Petty Dobts Court yostoiday, before Messrs. G. M. Murray, P.M., and J. H. Hookor, J.P., when verdicts weto entered for tho plaintiffs for tho full amounts olaimod . A, Mountford v. R. B. Taylor, oulls £S Gs. Sd., with 21s. professional oosts; same v. T. Broshup, caus £S Ga. 8d., with 21s. professional costs; Ruthningand Byram v.T. F. Finnois, money £3 lGs. 7d,; Groat Eastern Gold Mining Company v. R. G. Cumming, calls £1 13s. Id.; samov. Mrs. M. Cosgrove, cills £1 13s. Od.; same v. S. Donaldson, calls 10s. 8d.; Stanley and Co. v. C. J. Chapman, goods lös.; samo v. J. Lynes, goods 15s.; same v. A. Finnockor, goods los.; M. Master v. M. Oayor, goods £7 2s. 5d.; Muir and Moroona v. W. "Wmifiod, goods £1 ; W. Williams v. R. Wilkins, money £3 11s.; II. P. Cardew v. S. B. Terry, dishonoured promissory-note, £ló ; Barkor and Co. v. H. Swoll, dishonoured ehoquo £9 10s.; Grossman Reynold v. T. Bowman, goods us. Gd.; T. Morris v. John Graham, goods SA 10s. Gd., with 21s. profes- sional oosts. ; John Sorvin v. S. Johnson, goods £2 3s. 7d.; samo v. J. Lockyer, goods £11 6s. Gd. The following defended cases wero also disposed of :-Valloy Co-operative Grocers v. T. Coop, goods t> 19s. 8d. (£1 Is. paid in) ; Mr. Hamilton for ptaintiff, and Mr. O'Shoa for dofondant ; verdict for defendant, with 21b. professional costs, W. Robortson v. J. Pratt, oartage £7 ; Mr. Jensen for dofondant, and Mr. Atthow for plaintiff ; verdict for defen- dant with 21s. professional costs and 10s. wit- nesses' exponsoa. Stanloy and Company v. Hennessey and Warren, gooda 15s.; Mr. Atthow for plaintiff ; verdiot for plaintiff, with As. witness's oosts. Rondlo Bros. v. W. Gordon, goods £ô 11s. 3d.; Mr. O'Shoa for plaintiff, and Mr. Hamilton for defoudant; vordiot for plaintiff for £3 3s., without oosts. A. Bright v. J. Wllhind, monoy 10s. Gd.; vor- diot for plaintiff, with ¿>s. witnoss's exponsoa, In tho interpleader case, J. G. Muller v, H. Sohlason, the oklia of A. Wagner was dis- missed ; Mr. T. O'sullivan nppoarod for tho execution creditors, and Mr. J. L. Wooloock for the olaimant. The lion. P. Porkins was amongst the pas Bongors who loft for tho South by last night's mail train. Mr. Porkins is on his wray to his summer residence at St. Kilda, and quite a number of his friends assembled on tho platform to wish him a ploasant journey. Tho football match played in the Queen's Patk yosterdav aftornoon botweeu tcaroB repto sonting the Education Depaitment and the De- partments of Pnhllo Works, Mines, and Rail- ways, resulted in ono of tho fastest and most oxoitlng gamoB played in the Queen's Park this season, and was won by the Works, Mines, and Railways by 5 points to 4. Tho Eduoation Department scored two trios- Campbell sooring one, andJPatterson, by a magnificent ruu down the (¡old, sooring tho second; but from those tries no goals wero kicked, tho anglo at both limes being very difficult. D. Sullivan, of tho Emeialds, who played as a substitute for tho Works, Mines, and Railways, scored tho flrot and only try for that team. George Pratten took tho kick for goal, and successfully put it betwoen tho posts, amidst groat applause^ Tho spectators numbered about fiOO, and seriously impoded the gamo bv onoroaohing on the fiold and obstructing the players. George Pratten, Goiliug, Simpson, Trogurtlm, Evans, Sturgess, and Sullivan played a fino game for the winners ; it would be unfair to pick out any individual player in iho Eduoation team, as thoy all played Bplondidly throughout, but wero greatly overmatched in weight. Just before 1 o'clock on Saturday morning (eays the Melbourne Evening Standard) a young mau named Alfred Torpor was proceeding along Bav-strnct, Port Melbourne, when ho was astonished to see, a fow yards ahead of him, a femalo form shrouded in white. After invoking "angels and ministers of grace" to defend him, he did the next b»st valiant thing, and went to tho Port Molbourno wntcbhouso. Informing CcnBtable Connelly, they sallied forth, and saw tho same apparition standing opposite the Chequers Inn. Retaining their valourous discretion, they watohed the move- ment of the object, wonderlnir whether ghosts got thirsty or not. Tlie object settled their doubts by crossing the road nnd proceeding up the other sido of Bay-street until arriving at tho Princ« Alfred Hotel. Hore the apparition was observed to hesvo a mgh, and the patient watchers conoluded that it was disappointed at finding the hotels in the Port closed. The object tbon turned, and the watchers, wbo«o nerves were on extremo tension, wore about to rauko a hasty retrogrado movement likewise ; but to their intenso delight the object stumbled. Seeing it in the act of falling, the constable's innate gallantry at once evlnood itself, and ho caught hold of it, and discovered that it wasa substantial realltv, as it gave a little scream in a high key, denotiug that it was a woman. It was ascertained thatthe "object" wasa young , married lady, living in Raglan-street. She, in l* j a stato of somnambulism, lud got out of bed In * \ her nitrht attire, and had taken a walk. The a i constable at ona took off his ooat and wrapped x . it round the lady, and «aw her home. "Unfor I tuuately, the lady has been subject to fits nineo , i «ho was 18 years of afro, and, her husband ! be'n? at present away, she has no ona to con n j (roi her actions when the fi's oomo on. _ For .. , tuna'ely, beyond a elisht cold, the lady is nona i- ' ths worse for her nocturnal patrol. 0 j The spring and rammer millinorr at Finney, y I Mrs, aud Co 's ompriws un exquisite asaort n ' rucnt in all the latent «ryles, both Kuglish and . I Freuch, and in variety and tech'reír taste e j pxcíla any previously exhibit« 1 in Brisbine. e I [Atvt.J 