Nepean Church Column. CHRIST CHURCH, CASTLEREAGH. For this week's pulpit echoes, as will be seen, we go rather fnrther afield than we have hitherto done. Last Sunday afternoon we dropped in at the above chinch, and were rno-t .sucfes^fnl in carrying out th': principle "n which \vt> ict. fur wo w<-n> totally un ftX'Mic'i-l. T11 -?.I :m'!i >'i t1";! i' only mention that Sir. Fry cr i> not. s-.tvuiiinmu i.» ' ceremonies taking place in the church, and on Sunday, but lmd to act for the best. For it is, in such a widely scattered district, very difficult to get a number of people together in the weekday, and we _ think it will be readily admitted that under these circumstances, and having regard to the close in timacy of the ceremony with the church, the selec tion of this time and place, although unusual was justifiable. There was a fair congregation, and the organ was presided over by Miss Reid. 'The Rev. H. Fryer, as already intimated, occu ? pied the'pulpit, and prefaced his sermon with a few remarks in advocacy of the Church Society. Its ! claim upon them in the present year, said the ' Minister, was of a more urgent nature than had been the caBe for years past. Owing to the droughts' from which the country had suffered. and other causes, they found with very considerable icgiet, a large falling off iii the funds of thu Society. £o .much had that been t.lie case that they were afraid that year they would have to make a very consider-, able reduction in their grants to the various parishes, in the \clergymen's stipends a.s well as grants to parsonages, &c.; They called their at tentionon that Trinity Sunday to the fact that the granting of a 'considerable number of opportunities for church services must depend on their offertories for that day throughout the diocese, and he sincerely ihoped every one of them that day would feel called on,to.give somelittle'extraamounttotheoffertory in order to assist that great Society which had such a great work to perform. He was enabled to stand ?before them as their Minister simply through the help of the Society. Were it not for the £75 they would not be able to have that as a separate parish, and all the Society asked was the two collections for the, year, Trinity Sunday and Advent Sunday. He said those few words because, as he had stated before,he made it a rule not to preach begging ser mons. He would then call their attention to one of their . Trinity texts-Revelation IV. 1.-"Come up hither." -He .regretted to say, not that it was a matter of regret to him, that as he had another and a pleasing ceremony to perform that afternoon, he would have to curtail what he had to say, and confine himself to throwing out a few hints, which he trusted would prove useful for them in after consideration of that subject. They had, in that chapter, the firet of a series of visions St. John had in the island of Patmos, there in exile, forced away from the scene of his work, from the Church be loved so much,and from'all he held dear, in that lonely island in the Mediterranean. In that state of despondency be was graciously permitted by God to have, as it were, presented to him in a vision the eternal city that awaited them beyond, and he took excceeding com fort from that fact that God never permitted His people to be in sorrow and trouble without proceed ing to comfort them. And how soothing must have been'the comfort to,St, John on that occasion when he .was permitted to see the wonderful interest which the kingdom of heaven takes in the things that concern the earth ! rThey had there first the vision of the temple in heaven, then the vision of the throne of God and the Lamb described with all its beauty and mag nificence. They had the vision of the seven angels with trumpets, the vision of the outpouring of the seven.vials of the last things, and of the new Jeru salem coming down fr m God out of heaven. Tlii-y were the visions which St. John was permitted to see, and they had him there called to view the hierarchical heaven watching over the interests of the Church below. They were often, even as Christian people, tempted to think of heaven as a place far away, in which they seemed to have, but little interest or thought except at stated periods in their life, hut there they had an instance of the deep interest taken by heaven, by God Himself, in the thins?) th,»t appertain to the Church below. .St. .J.'ihn «*.« snsnjn<»:v:d Ht u viy'i-n t bines n,;:f ;.-v" r- , i ? V H;;;'.: , I-. it ,i . . ; ,. r - nig j.bice and he wanted to ask them (hat .-ft-rnocti. in all seriousness, how soon might it be said to-them, in the worils addressed to St. John, "Come up hither." It might be sooner than some of them expected. Their work might be nearer its' '.ompletion ihiin they thought it was and that Trinity text might be addressed to them on a much closer day than they thought as they sat in their seats in that church. The text taught them that fact that they should look on that earth as a preparation place "for that great future that was before them. Alas 1 how often waa it the case that they w,ere perfectly content to rest satisfied with the things of the world, as if those things were all that they could desire, as if the earth .were the only homo they had, as if they never -desired things of the earth " except for the purpose of getting all the enjoyment they could out of them and without any idea of their fitting them for that great call that must come to each of them in the words of St. John. They all knew there was a lot of mystery about God's government of the world and were perfectly content to leave those things in the hands of God and to know that all things would eventually work together for good to them that knew God. But they might be assured of this, that all things that happened on earth were settled in heaven. As they thought of the things that had happened in their lives, of their misfortunes and so on, they might be sure they were all arranged in heaven and all would be well in the end. The preacher then went on to describe the vision in detail, as narrated in the chapter in question, and explain its symbolism and concluded by saying it was a very beautiful thought the Church brought before them on that Trinity Sunday and he brought those thoughts before them that they might have a subject for after eonsidera tion, the truth of the triune God, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. PRESENTATION. After the sermon the Rev. Mr. Fryer left the pulpit and the organist having quitted her seat at the instrument, the Minister Baid he presented to Miss Reid the watch he held in his hand as a slight memento of their gratitude to her for having acted as organist at that church during the absence of Miss Child. He felt from the first that they owed Miss Reid rather a great debt of gratitude. They had no claim on her in that matter. They knew that she continually attended another church al most for the same purpose as she was there, of pre siding at the organ and it seemed to him they were greatly indebted to her that she should have made a sacrifice in connection with her own church and come there to assist them at a time they stood BO much in need and in presenting her with that he desired to say, on behalf of the people, that they regretted it was not something of more value, but owing to the bad time through which the district had just passed and for other reasons he need not mention which had followed that disastrous flood, they found they were only able to give what would keep the church working and yet they felt that by doing that they would be doing a duty to that church and to the organist for acting so kindly to them. They did not give it to her so much for its intrinsic value but merely as a memento of their extreme thankfulness for her great kindness of pre siding at the organ in the absence of Miss Child. There were inscribed upon the watch the follow ing words--" To Miss Reid, for services as organist. Christ Church, Casfclereagh, 1889." In pro-en ting it to Mies Reid he trusted that her life might long be spared to vvork^for the Church, that her life might be a bright example in the Christian Church and that she might go on helping it in every possible way with the gifts God had given her. they trusted there and at other places, carrying out the beautiful part of the services and they prayed that God might give her every blessing. That might not be, perhaps, considered the place :ind time to present, that, hut owing to the distance and the difficulty he had in getting people together in a =cnttern! disirict. tlicy thought that was the '.nl\ "ji^.i'hinity they might, have of presenting it i :h . .r-vi:cu :;f thn-e who had »o kindly ' i" t i . i!i' train h.ul niui-h pleasure in s e il *iih Mi'i witch and trusted h .. in e*etv \va;.. The organist .1 .; vi- i;-resent tion and said " Thank .. . i i^re.iti g ceremony terminated. Wkslkvan Chouch. -A lecture to the young wid he delivered by the Rev. J. Phillips in the Wesleyau Church, Penrith, on Sunday evening at 7 p.m. Subject: " The dew of thy youth." 