©ood Stories. The Privileged Thief. Daring the siego of Copenhagen by King Frederick I. of Denmark, a Bwodlan sentry, on duty at tho door ol hia goneral'e tent, heard the order given ont- for tho csbort of a' largo sum of money coming from Sweden. As eoon aa ho was relieved he deserted to tha enemy. Brought beforo the Danish general, he iaformod him of what ha had learnt, Tha general despatched a strong farce, which oaplured the Military ghost, and tho King oi Denmark, delighted with too good fortune, had tbo deserter ushered into'hlo presence fa acqaamt him with tha reason for his thus betraying hie eovcralgn and Commander,'' ' . Sire," eaid ho, '' it wakTho dread orbcing hanged, aa happened the other day to a com rade of miho." "What had be done?" " Oomnritted a theft, Biro— only piobod a poor littlo poekot." "Bat yon need only keep yonr fingers to yonr own pbokoto." " That's all. very well, sire, bat I cannot doit. Bo I took ndvantngo oftbtscbaaoo to obtain rotaga in yonr realm,' where I hear that o.no may thlo70 mora freely thair olsa- whoro, or, at all avonts, with moro im punity." " Oh, I will qniet yonr inoliaation by giving yoa an inooma to let yoa livo at yonr caso." f' Mony thanks. to yonr majesty, -bnt that will not pravent mo clutoblng when I itch to doit. So, not wanting i'o bo hhnged, and being unable to conquer my mania . to' rob and steal, I beg yonr majesty; as a reward for tbo good hint I famished, to grant trio a fall license to steal, cunningly 'and- n'qt by foroo, onywhero under yonr ecoptroi withonl the polioh being allowed to pat mo in prison, or magistrates order mo to tbo stooks, or judges dooin mo to pillory andglbbot."- - Tho impndonco of tho regnrvjmasod tho monarch— ao mnoh so, that bo rdorid tho Heralds' Gollcgo to issao letters ol llocnso to: tho "piokpookc.t attached to the Royal. Oonrt." A certain lady in Paris gives periodical dinnorp, at whioh assemblo tnost of tha boot- known wits and literati of tho day. The rule of tho mansion ie, that wbilo one person discourses, no interruption whatever can be permitted. It ie eaid that M. Benan once attended One of these dinners, and, being in excellent vein, talked without a break daring tho wholo repast. Toward tbo end oi the dinnor/a gaest was hekrd to cqm- monco a eentenco; bnt he tnt instantly eilenced by tha hostess. Alter thsyhqd left, tha table, however, eho at onea informed the extinguished individual that, as M. Benan had now finished hie eonvcteatiod, she would gladly hckr what ho had tb say. The guest modestly declined ; the hostess id- sisted. "I am certain it was something of odn- eequonoe," ehe eaid. " Alas, madam," bo answered, "it was, in deed ; but now it ia too lkto ! 1 should have liked a littlo moro of that iced paddiog." A short timo ago tho Qgcen of Italy, id tho ooarso 0? a railway jonrnoy, slopped at a certain station, and was met by tho mayor and maniolpal big-wigs in all the glOty ol their robes of honor. An elegant InnehcOA had been provided, bnt tho royCl appetite was uncertain, and tho Qaeon requested the obocquions deputation to get her A gleet ot wine, which was all that alio required, This was promptly brongbt ; bnt while drmkldg it a drop fell from the glass on to bar travelling-dress. Sha at once sought in hot pocket tar a handkerchief to remove the stain, but the worthy mayor, whose daily vocation behind tho oonntor had possibly aaonstomed him to tho parposos lor whlan ladies seek their pockets, misunderstood the motion of tho Qacon's hand. He aappasdd sho was reaohing for her parse,- and mof. mured, humbly,, bnt carnostly : " Ah, no, your majesty. I oAn assuro yoa that it la all paidfor." - Eires have their amnsing as well as thair gravo side. A fireman on.ono occasion fntind a woman almost overcome with the AmCkeef her burning houoo, and, taking her in his arms, ho oarricdhcr soroaming and resisting from fright, as bs snppased, to tho stairway, whets sha aonld aasily havo mads her way oat. Instead of osoaplng, however, she turned and rnshod madly ihts tho room from whioh he had jost dragged her. He waain mortal terror lest the floor ahonld fall, bnt, at tha risk of his lifo, ho again ran to her rcsoao. He got hold of her, bnt ehe resisted worso than ovor. " Come," he ehonted, "the floor wijl fall in a minute!" " Wait," aho returned, straggling to tsar herself free, " I haven't fonhd my teeth Jet I" A gentleman in Dublin, speaking of tho Irish, said that nothing ovor satisfied them, and that ho was -willing to prOvo his words on a wager that if ho Shonld go to the door and call a bob, no matter what fee ho wonld givo, tha driver wonld ask for more. The wsgcr was taken lot ton ponnds sterling, The gentleman called a aab, drovo about a qnarter ol a milo, stopped oat; abd. bended the driver hslf-a-sovereigfi, the. legal fee being ono shilling. Gabby drovo off; ' The gonueman wno noa-tsxen tno wager was- exalting in his triumph, when suddenly 'tho driver retnrned, and, touching hie hat, said : " Flease, air, hava ya a dnrty tbre'penny bit- abont ye? It wonld ho suoh a pity to brook a bright pieao ol gold liko thia for a drink I" One Sunday morning, Mr, Moody, tho revivalist, entered a drug-store, distributing traote. At the back of the store' sat an elderly and distingnlshod citizen reading . a morning newspaper. Mr. Moody.approached this gentleman and threw ono ot the torn, peranos tracts upon the paper beforo him. Tbo old gentleman glanoed at tho tract, and then, looking np bsnignantlp at Moody, asked: " Aro you a reformed drunknrd ?" "No, eir, I am notl" oried Moody, drawing faaek, indignantly. "Then why don't yon reform?" qniotly asked the old gontleman. A writer in the Loaioa S/eetator points out that there ara bulls ot action and oen- dnot as well as spoken bulls. An Irish lady, observing that her bod-eurtaihs bad caught firo. harried away ta fotoh water. She caught up a ean 0! water, and as . she Wat abont to pour it upon tho flames remembered that it was hot water, and mentally decided that it cdbid be oi no neo. An Irish sehoAl- boy placed a cupful of sofleo on a sloping desk, Finding that it overflowed, ho bought to remedy his diffioalty by turhing the cup around. An Irish tenant wishing to.raiso tho root of hie oabin, began by oxoavating tho Door. Dean Stanloy need to toll this story with relish : He sent ii note to a shoemaker about a pair of shoes that bo waB making for him, and tho writing was so bad that tho shoemaker oonldn't mako it oat. So ho re turned tho note to tha daan, wijh a nota of hia own, saying that bo was " nuacaustomed -to tho ohirography ol tha higher olaSsee," and asked for a translation. Ia telling the Dtory, tha dean Said ha did not prapOso tb he held rcsponeiblo for tha band-writing ot the entlro British aristooraey. A- male Mnlaprop ia aaid- to havo asked Bidnoy Bmith this quostion, at a .dinner- tabia : "Aw, Mr. Smith I , Do yoa know in which oi his journoys around tho World Captain Oook was killod— his first or bis last ?!' . Bidnoy Bmith looked up quickly, " I bo- lisva it was on his first voyage," . said ho ; "bat hs doesn't saom to have minded it much, for ha immediately sot ont on his acoond !" An original way of nnswothig two quos- tionsat a timo : : - "Hero, Biddy, my darlint, what'q'tbo time 0'. night, and whore's tho pertat? pnddihg?" " It's oight (ate), sir," .. 