Wheat declined jd per bnahel in England Copper market recovering tone. Chili ban quoted at £40 for cash. Comptoir D'Escompte to be reconstituted as the Comptoir National, capital £1,600,000 with power to double it. Antwerp wool sales opened with prices for Australian equal to the highest given at the last London sale. Mr W. Bad, editor of the New York Tribune, has been appointed America Ambassador at Paris. The Victorian Government have reappointed 8ir Graham Berry as Agent- General, I' The Boyal Colonial Institute obliges the Prince of Wales by consenting to affiliation with the Imperial Institute. El Senouissi has inflected a decided licking on the Mahdi at Sennaar after a desperate fight. Panic at Khartoum in consequence, The Transvaal and Orange River Free States (South Africa) have entered into an offensive and defensive alliance. Girl burnt to death at Albury. She dressed in paper garments for a fancy dress skating carnival, a spark fell against it, and she ran into the street. The British fleet goes to Tangiers to obtain satisfaction for the murder of a British subject in Morocco as well as to enforce the fiolfilment of the Gibraltar Strait cable treaty. Percy B. St John, the well-know writer of American " Indian" novels is dead. He made bis debut as a writer in Chamber Journal, 43 years ago, when a young man just returned from a trip to Texsa, The Marquis of Salisbury aays that the opponents of his Government try to damage it on the Irish question, not by legitimate statements, but by " cataracts of falsehood." He means to help more Irish tennant farmers to become freeholders—but not till Ireland is quiet Under our tariff air and water pillows, cushions, aud beds are charged duty as " furniture." Melbourne price of air cushion 12s., South Australian duty 6B. Minister of Education received at Pirie with requests for a new Post office clock, increased school accommodation, a mail to the Barrier, and telephonic communication with Adelaide. He practically promised all but the last. The district of Canterbury, South Island of New Zealand, averaged 23 bushels of wheat per acre last harvest, 27 of oats, 28 of bariy, tons of potatoes, and 1 J tons of hay per acre. Curious story, that of the North Melbournite who reported that last 8unday morning burglars invaded his premises, chlorotormed him and his wife, filled a spring cart with loot, and cleared. Seems a trifle thin. The Brisbane Police Court is dropping heavily on milk-purveyors who supply milk and water in place of the puiejacteal fluid ; one man who was ass enough*to adulterate with dirty water, was fined £20. Sydney baker fined £34 for having in his possession 50 loaves of bread which were on the average 2{oz. under weight. Successful trial of roburite, a new explosive of which Mr C. E. Stokes is the South Australian agent, was made last Tuesday, at the Glen Osmond quany, in the presence of about 40 practical men. The especial qualities of the new explosive are that it can be handled, stored, and transported with perfect safety, and will not explode with friction, heat or percussion, that it is fiameless and (tuneless, and does not pulverise the stone it detaches Its strength is four times that of blasting powder. The Timet has concluded its evidence in the ParneJl Inquiry, The last witness called, George Mulquery, declared that Mr Parnell had given £100 to Frank Byrne, who was conoerned in the Phoenix Park murders. The Time* says it awaits the impartial decision of the Commission with confidence, notwithstanding the utter collapse of the " letter" portion of its case. Henniker Heaton, late of N.S. Wales, now M.P. for Canterbury, has made a great splash in England, aB " the member for Australia" and an ardent advocate of cheap ocean postage. His letters, speeches, and bis address to the Colonial Conference showed a good deal of ability and great industry and research; but it turns out that they were all written for bim by a journalist named Robert Dennis, when Henniker »as ass enough to refuse to pay. The price was £500, but on Dennis bringing his action, Henniker compromised for £400 and costs, but too late to avert the public exposure. Dennis's occupation appears to be that of "literary ghost" to ambitious men of money, with more capital than brains. Great banquet at the Hotel Metropole, London, on March 18, in celebration of the 21st birthday of the Boyal Colonial Institute. Prince of Wales presided. Duke of Cambridge and no end of political big wigs and peers present; guests numbered 300. Prince regretted that he had been unable to visit Australia, and said it was the bounden duty of British statesmen to visit the colonies. In proposing the " Army and Navy" H.B.H dunked South Australia for its offer of troops in the TIMIWH&I; war, and N.S. Wales tor the Soudan contingeat.and complimented Victoria on the possession at so able and distinguished an AgenfcGenera} M Bir Gfabacu Bccrj, 