THE ART OF MAKING UP. \- daily news, 21st march. The face of tho actor is his fortune, and it is .also liis material. According to the author of A Few Words upon thje A_r.t of Makiny .Up, modern acting should be very superior'to that of Shakspeare's time, or of Aloliire's, while Kosciub ami Sophocles were antiquated ."sticks.". " The -countenance is the actor's canvas, as it were, on which, with the aid of false hair, he .paints his characters." Some thing moire than false hair, to be sure, is heeded to make, a very eminent actor, but no doubt false hair goes a long way. "In the' olden time," whenever that may have been, " actors had not Itiie assistance in the art of making up which they have now, consequently the imagination of the audience was compelled to be of a very elastic nature. Perhaps this was all the better for the audience. Now they need have no imagination at all. ' Tlio art of imagining is done for them, witli scenery — and false hair. In Shakspeare's age, or in that of .-Eseliylus, the audience had to imagine a great deal. Indeed, when " making up " con sisted merely in putting on one mask for tragedy, and another for comedy, the audience must have exercised an imagination which we can scarcely estimate. When .Tocasta had to wear the same fixed scowl, whether the mfcs- .songer announced a favorable oracle, or .whether,. 'on -the other' hand, she learned that she had married lier son, who bad killed 'her husband, the spectators must have made believe v,ery muoli indeed. All that is changed, and probably oven Sliakspearo was acquainted with the properties of a purnt cork aud-arouge pot. Hamlet, when liosaw the Ghost, may not liave had the art of AI. Coquelih, .who, in Les Surprises du Divorce, managed to turn pale at a inomolit's notice when he saw his mother-in-law. Our author on making up censures " the olden time," when " densely black streaks were supposed to represent "wrinkles," and "clumps of crape hair" expressed the finest shades of emotion. But now, now we have " grease paints and cos- metique pencils," so the Btage flourishes rarely. Some valuable advertisements cast light on tho myBteries'bf the aotor's toilotte, and may satisfy the curiosity of those who never were, behind tho scenes, and who now, perhaps, may not be nnxio'Us to go there. " 1 . Wigs are Very important indeed in the creation of character. Tho wig of Richard III., .which Gnrrick never knew,' is "dark ' brown," ami costs 'fifteen shillings, which renlly seems reasonable. ' Hamlet ih brown, but not quite so brown;; anil is of equal price. To some minds, Hamlet should either be historically blonde, " every incli a'Norstman " like a contemporary novelist ; or black; un'beau tcnebreuoc. History sayB " fair," tradition says black, but the wig of the Prince of Denmark is blown. He may be pur chased light, however, by sticklers for urohaio- logical accuracy, and then he is quoted at £1. Tho color of the wig worn by Air. Wopsle, in a rendoring which was " massive anil concrete,".' is -not described by the historian. Ho only says, "I could have wished- that his curls and forehead had bcou more probable." It is certain that the extra 5s. was a ' matter of moment to Air. Wopsle, because his dresser said to him, "Skin .tho stockings off, or you'll bust them. Bust them, and you bust _ five and thirty shillings." Romeo's wig is rated at - 20s. , but tbo profligate Rochester cannot be created with false hair under £1 10s. Charles II. is equally expen sive, but the head- whioh fell at "Whitehall comes only to £1, us far as wigs go. Rip Yan Winkle's liair grew so much between the acts that his second wig costB 5s. more than his first. How tew of the gallant wearers of this gear could prove that wig is the same word as perruquo ! Yet so it is, according to philo logists. Wigs grow cheaper as we descend the course, of time, and Charles Surface i? much less expensive than Alacduff, who in his Fifeshire retreats probably let his hair grow. Indeed, linir dressers are still a little scarce in the kingdom of Fife. Air. Pickwick is only 10s. 6d. Ladies' wigs are a delicate topic. Airs. Uaiidour iB a guinea, Alarie Antoinette runs to two guineas. Alarguerite, of course, is very exorbitant. The fair victim of Faust anil .Mepliistophiles would bo unrecognisable if she had not two long pigtails like u blonde Aliss Kenwigs, like Alorliua. You inay go as high as £5 if you wish to do Alarguerite conscientiously. " Present fashion, fringe on. top, and knob at hack," .is ridicu lously reasonable at 25s. ButClarice, "as worn by Aliss Alary Anderson " (what sad rovelations are these !) will cost a lady 3 guineas. Lady Teazle, "as worn by Airs. Bancroft," is equally expensive ; . but. Galatea (white) is but £2 2s. "Beards, very superior," cost but a poor half- crown. The chronicler blushes as lie comes to toilet requisites. Woman may use vermeil for tlio lips, and "two puffs" and eyebrow pencil, but it is., disenchanting to .learn that these cost but half- n-crowu, with a few other features thrown in. Well may the poet of Alaking Up sing — Believe us, (f all these endearing young channs. Which we purchase so cheaply to-<lay, Had been reckoned m Lais or Thais s'arms, ' When those ladies were ancient and grey ; They had still been the toasts of the army and court, When their beauty was wasted and old. And the price hail been reckoned exceedingly short At a thousand of talents in gold ! When7 blossom- of roses can be -purchased for 6d. -the spectators need no . " elastic imagination-" Hebe herself is beforo them. Lining brushes,. Lemon Chrome and Alascaro (perhaps for. acting Alascarille in) are within the reach of the slenderest purse. The nose and cheeks may be enlarged witli pink wool if any one thinks that desirable, for 3d. Persons about to travel in tbe Apache country can procure "scalp ceineut for attaching scnlp3 to the bead tor 4d. Conceive the amazement of the poor Indian whose untutored mind - is suddenly confronted by a captive in possession of scalp cement ! Aloonlight, in tiie time of Snug the J oiner, could not, as now, be purchased for Is. in tbe shape of magnesium tableau ligiits. And yet science is called tlio enemy of poetry ! If inexpensive accessories and postuinc at reason able rates, and pink wool, and false hair, and nose paste could make actors, and perhaps they can, what "a dramatic school modern Britain should possess. Indeed, we might each of us bo -the Proteus ot private life, if- we only- attended to the great art of making up." We might have' by us the materials for composing every sort of face, for every emergency, and politicians might keep their countenances on all occasions by the nid of some modified kind of scalp cement. Indeed, some such application of the art appears to be in the mind of the advertiser, for lie is ready to. vend " moustaches on hair net "foundation, the very best mode, perfectly natural, suitable .for ' detective busi ness, two-and-six." 