L cean Tragedy, \PTER Ul.~ct»itinued.: 1AOEA JEKNDTGS. ^ V V. CLARK BUSSELL. ; *. r M - my sight took in quickly. The ;..ittedthe windlass, and were • in- sa.- upon theyacbt nimbly, but so -.-• <;n with, a quality of stealth in .. .nner of pulling and hauling, that ;'d not have been a stiller ship had :i a privateersman getting under . . .> .Aiirk night with a design of sur- . :: a rich fabric or of escaping a ••..ed enemy. They looked a i :V- of ine&i; attired without the that is usual in yachting com- • -: •••••. i iiese days, though the diversit j w • ss not sufficiently marked to i gathered that the vessel carried well as a captain, and detected ; • . tgure of a sturdy little fellow, « .w.in his eye and a mat of red • •.,: > as chm^ who stood betwixt the • forward, staring aloft at a ••i' .-!. topsail yard. Captain Finn • •.: . i !ho girland me with a flourish of v :>v.v to his hat, but was too full of ' : u- us farther heed. .. J be under way very soon now, \- . ss," said I; "it is a \ • • ;•: ire are undertaking." -.-,e, too," she answered. w a deal of courage m accomi: frid," I exclaimed. tod at first," said she. " but r • • so sure of overtaking the pressed me so earnestly to join mill, oeiieving that the sight of me, or that by my pleading to—to—" She faltered, flushing to the eyes, and half , turned from me with such a tremulous parting of her lips to the gush of the mild breeze, which set a hundred golden fibres of her hair dancing about her ears, that I cxpected to see a tear upon her cheek: when she looked at me afresh. I pretended to be interested m nothing but the movements of the men who were hoisting the mainsail. ' • .:•"'.';''"• "i C - "Wnatdo vou think of the voyage, Mr. Monson?" she exclaimed after a little pause, though she held her face averted as if waiting for the flush to fade, out of her cheeks. " It bothers me considerably," I answered ; " there is nothing to make heads or tails of in it that I can see." :'••:.='*• " But why?" and now she stole a sidelong look at me. '•;.: .-.''."•'• "Well, first of all," I exclaimed, "I cannot imagine that there is the faintest probability of our picking up the Shark. : She may be below the horizon, and we may be sailing three or four leagues apart for days at a stretch, and neither ship with the faintest suspicion of the other bemg close. The ocean is too :big for a hunt of this sort." .'ii'..?. "But suppose we should pick her. up, to use your term, Mr. Monson?" " Suppose it, Miss Jennings, and add this supposition: that the gallant Colonel" —she frowned at his name, with a . sweet curl of horror on her lip as she looked down—" who will long before have twigged us, declines to heave-to or. have anything whatever to do with us : what then?" t ^ Z ^ W ^ : ^ "I suggested this to your cousin," she answered quickly ; " it is a most natural objection to make. He answered that if the Shark refused to stop when he Jiailed. her—that is the proper term, I knowhe would compel her to come to a stand by continuing to fire at her, even if it came to his sinkmg her, though his object would be to knock her mast down to prevent her from sailing." I checked a smile at: the expression "knock her mast down," and then caught myself running my glance round in search of any hint of ordnance Of a persuasive land; and now it was that I noticed for the first time, secured amidships of the forecastle, and comfortably "housed .and tarpaulined, somethmgthat my naval instincts were hound to promptly interpret mto a long Tom, and cf formidable calibre too, if the right sort of hint of it.was to bo obtained out of its swathing. I-also observed another feature that had escaped me: I mean a bow-port on either side the bowsprit—a detail of equipment so un common in a pleasure craft as to force mt to the conclusion that the'.aperfcures'ihad been quite newly cut and fitted, I uttered a low whistle, whilst I found my companion's gaze rooted iupon jne with the same critical attention in the spirited oluc gleam of it I had before noticed. , "Weill" said I, taking a bit of 'a breath, , "upon " my word,thougli, 1 should not hav vc thought he had it in Jnm Yes, lender's a remedy,' I >n thedirection of the torecastlcj respond with Wilfrid's intentions if he's lortunato enough to fall in with xheShark Wi.!l s;ie be armed, 1 wonder ? It would then make the oddest of ail peppering matches, " If the yacht escapes us, we ate certain ™ meet with-her at the Cape " said Miss JenniDtrs, II was idle to argue on matters of seaunship with the pretty creature "Wilfrid has- said little .on subject ™ ne," I remarked "He vas -dread «% overcome when he called -to askme «> accompany him: Jiut it js good and wave of you to enter upon this anld ex. Penment with a v umanl ind a i.istcrlj' "ope of courting the fugitive back to her r i ght and only resting pLice fllj cousm » ill receive her, then i" « i "He means to come between ner and consequi burne Abbey ' (my cousin's seat- in the north). . " You know l am an Austrahan?" "Yes, but not through Wilfrid, of whose. marriage, T should • -have • -learned nothing but -for hearing it talked-about one day m a club. A young baronet who had met . Lady Monson was loud in her praises. He described her as a wonderfully beautiful woman, but dark, with fiery Spanish eyes and raven tresses;" and here I peeped at her own soft violet stars and sunny hair. ' -• -. ' " Yes, she .is beautiful, Mr. Monson,* 1 she answered sadly,'' too beautiful indeed. Her-face, has proved a fatal gift to her. What madness !" she exclaimed, whispering her words almost. : "And never was there-.a .more' devoted: husband ithan Wilfrid. And her baby—the little lamb! Oh, how , could she do it! how could she y do it!" " With whom has the child been placed ?" said I. " With a cousin, Mrs. Trevor." "Oh, I know, a dear good-creature: the1bairn will.be in excellent hands " " Sir Wilfrid was too affectionate, Mr. Monson. You known." she continued, looking at me- sideways, her face very grave, "if you have ceased to love or to hie a person, your aversion will grow in proportion as he grows fond of you. It is not true, Mr. Monson, that love begets love. Kb ; if it were , true, my sister would be the Jiappiest of women." "Have you met Colonel Hope-Kennedy ? " VOh yes, often and often. . He was a very constant visitor at Sherburne Abbey." " Pretty good-looking ? " • , - '.' Tall, very gentlemanly, not by any means handsome to my taste, but I have no doubt many women would tluiik him so." ,i 11 The name is familiar to me,. but I never met the man. Did he live in the north 5 " "2fo; whenever he came to Sherburne Abbey he was your cousin's guest."" Phew ! thought I. J 'And, of-course," -said, willing to pursue the subject afresh, since it did not seem now to embarrass her to refer to it, whilst I was curious to learn as much of the story as could "be got, "my cousin had no suspicion of tiie scuundrelism of the man he was entertaining " No, nor. is he to be blamed; He is a gentlemen, Mr.- Monson, and, like -all fine, generous, amiable natures, very, very slow to distrust persons whom he has honoured with his friendship. • When, he came -to me with the news that Henrietta had left hi™ I believed he had gone utterly mad, knowing him to be just a little"—she hesitated, and ran: her eyes over my.-face as though positively she -haltad merely to the notion that perhaps I Tras a trifle gone, too .; and then, clasping her - hand before -her, and hanging her head so as to look as if: she was speaking with her eyes closed, she went on : : ' 4 r- was much with; Henrietta, and often when Colonel Hope- Elennedy was present. -1 had ridden with them, had watched - them : wlulst they played billiards—a game my sister was very fond of—observed them at the piano when she was singing and he turning the music, or when she accompanied him m ti song; he sang. welL: But—it might be, it is true, because 1 was as unsuspicious as Wilfrid—yet I declare, Mr: Monson, that I never witnessed even so: much as a look: exchanged between them of a land to excite a moment's uneasiness. Ko! Wdfrid cannot be charged with blindness; the acting was as exquisite as the object was detestable." And she flushed up again, half turning from. me .with a stride towards the »ail and a wandering look at the green country, which I accepted as a hint that she wished the subject to drop. The jacht was now under way. They had catted, and were fishing the anchor forwards-; I noticed that: the man I had taken to be the mate had arrived aft and was at the wheel. The vessel's head was pointing'fair : for the JSolent, and .already youheardafamtcractlingEOimdlikea delicate lending of satoromgifromjinder the bows, though there was so little w eight in the draught of-air that the jBniC; floated without the least perceptible list or inclination spite of all plain sail being upon Jier, with the exception of Hie topgallantsaiL "3?airly started at last, Hiss Jennings, said I. She glanced round hastily as though disturbed m an absorbing reverie,-smiled, and then looked sad enough to weep, all in a breath. ' Well, it-was a solemn moment? for her, I must-say. She had her maid with her, it is true • but she was the only lady on jjoard. There was noneofier own quality with whom she could talk apart-ao other to keep her in countenance, so to speak, withi&e; sympath of piesaace and sex, she was bound a trip ot which no mortal man .could have dated the termin ition- m Venture ihatji i"ht car her aJl -aoouS the norld fo: ju£ht blit inon, for since she ^ iully conscious of the very variable weaflierof^cousm' mind, to use the oV J 'uase the ^ ould needs bo too shrewd not to conjecture hat many wild things were quite " pf. emamed his And then sister mtho t ^la^o-^sS, when I^ou^t of the appeals awghrcoaxi the tide of illegally rviih tlic The girl:,pulled ;out a watch of the size of a thumbnad and exclaimed, "It as already five o'clock, Jlr. Monson. It cannot be a whole hour since you Arrived t •I hope the time will pass,as quickly, whan we are at sea '' She lin gered a moment gazing shorewards, sheltering her eyes sailor-fashion with an ungloved hand of milk-white .softness, on which sparkled a gem or two ; then, giving me a slight. bow, she went to the companion and. stepped down the ladder, with the grace and ease of a creature floating on wings. Ho, ho! thought I. she will :3iave her sea legs anyhow ;, no need therefore^ Master Charles, to be too ? officious with your hand and arm when the hour of tumblefication-comes. "( But that: she was likely to prove a good sailor. Was a reasonable conjecture,: seeing that she was comparatively fresh from probably^ a four month's passage4?om:Melbourne. 4 I followed her after a short interval, and then to the summons of the second dinner-: bell entered the cabm. The equipment: of the table rendered festal the sumptuous; f urniture of this interior with the sparkle of silver and crystal, and the dyes of wines; blending with the . central show of rich flowers., - The western sunshine lay upon the skylight, and -the atmosphere was; ruddy:with it.- One-is apt to be curious when in novel situations, and I must con-; fess that yachting in such a craft as this was something very new to me, not to speak of the uncommon ^character one's experiences at the onset would take from the motive and conditions of the voyage ; , and this will prove my apology for saying that, whilst I- stood waiting for Wilfrid and his sister-in-law to arrive, I bestowed more attention, furtive as it might be, upon the two stewards and my cousin's: man than I . should liave thought of obhgmg.them with ashore. The stewards were commonplace enough; a pair of trim-, .built fellows; ; the. head one's, face hard with that-habitual'air of sohcitude which conies at sea to a man whose duties lie amongst crockery and bills, of fare, and whose leisure is often devoted todark and mystenous altercations with the cook; the second, steward was noticeable for' nothing but a large strawberry mark on his left check; but Wilfrid's man was worth a stare. I . had no . recollection of him. and consequently he must have been taken into my cousin's service since. I was last at the Abbey, as we used to call it.. He had the appearance of a man who had been bred to the business of a mute, a lanthorn-jawed, yellow,: hollow- pyed person .whose age might have been five-andtwenty or flve-and-forty; hair as black as coal, flossy as grease brushed-flat to the tenacity of sticking- plasfcer, and fitting his egg-shaped' skull lie, a wig. He was dressed m. black, his trousers a little short and somewhat-tight at the ankles, where they revealed a pair of white socks bulging with a hint of gout over the sides of a pair of pumps. He stood behind-the chair that Wilfrid would take with his hands reverentially clasped upon his waist coat; his whole posture indicative - of humility and resignation. Nothing could be more ln harmony with-the melancholy nature of our.expeition than this fellow's countenance * " " Miss Jennings arrived and took her' ace ; she was followed by my cousin^ who walked to the,table with the gait of a person following a coffin. . This 'sort of thing, thought I, must be suffered for a day .or -two, but afterwards, if the air is not to be cleared by a rousing.laugh, it won't be for lack of any effort on my part to tune up my pipes. CHAPTER IV. 4 ,. IK THE SOLENT. The dinner was exquisitely cooked, and as perfectly ordered a repast: as'-^the most fastidiouis could devise or desire; but very little -was said, .mainly, I suspect, because our thoughts were filled with the one-subject we could not refer fo whilst ihe,attendants hung about us. What fell was the merest commonplace, but I noticed that 1 whilst WiJfnd ate little he offered no objection to the frequent replenishing of his glass with champagne by the melan choly chap who stood, behind him: ,. :•< : By and by we found ourselves alone. "That is very honest port; you need not be afraid of it, Charles," said my cousin. "Do you understand gunnery ?" I believe I could load a piece and point it," said I, smiling, " but beyond that—" Have you seen the gun on the forecastle ! " Just the outline of a cannon," I an-' swered, "under a smother of tarpaulin. What is called a long Tom, I think." ' " You will have guessed the ^object of my mountang it ? ".said ho, with a froivn darkening his face to one of those angry moods which would sweep: athwart his miiid like the deep but fitting shadows: of squall clouds over a gloomy sky sullen •with the complexion of storm. .. : r " Yes ; -Miss Jennings: explained; answered, glancing at ;her and meeting her eye, m wliich I seenied to find the faintest' hint of -irebuke; : as sthoughsshe feared I might "be laughing inmy sleeve. "What'stheoahbre, Wilfrid?" " Eighteen poiuids," he answered. "An eighteen pounder, eh 1 That; should bring "the SharX's spars about their ears, though Let me think' the range of an eighteen pounder will be, at an elevation of five degrees, a little oyer a mile." " if " cried my cousins-lifting his hand: as though to smite the stable, then bring-: ing-lus clenched fist softly down, manifestly checked in some hot impetuous impulse by the sense of the presence of the eirh girl, who regarded him with a face as serious as tnougn sue weic favourite preacher—" if/' he ^repeated, sobeTng -his* voice with the drooping of: his arms, we succeed in overhauling the! ffiml.-and the refuse to leave ier-to, i my aurpo e.is to -wreck her aloft, and: ite-t, should the -show fight to continue; firme atier until I smk her : ^There was -a to ous oxpres ion in his e es asie saiithis, to which the peculiar indescribable tambling or quivering of Uie has imparted a ingida^air of ounnrn^ the Shark armed, do ./oil know f' She caraes a couplo of small brass i Idie^feSor i-^ixpo^es of fancyjsho has m annouiyollier own JjOhI Wmterton wjas -constana.y, ^isrng north shooti^ ^f^f^.l and it -js^qmte ikej thaj lie-let the li br long to 3mn -vuth the lit \- "3f If Colonel id ope K<>iinca,'s no includt. a ramble litongst^ie reckon upon T«ith sm- iSJlis that. It is I that am the murdered man." He pressed his hand to his heart. Bather put it thus: that when they find their vessel hulled and sinking they will get their; boats over and - be very willing to be picked up by us." " But your round shot may knock their boats , into staves,". • said I, "and what. 1 then ' " " Our cm boats will bo at. hand to rescue them, " -said he, now looking at me full with an expression of relish of the; argument "But, my dear Wilfrid," said I, "don't you know- that when a craft founders she has a tnck of drowning most of the people aboard ler, and amongst the, few sur-: vn-ors, d'ye see, who contrived to support themselves by whatever: lay floating might jwi 6e Lady Monson!" , He took: a.: deep -breath, and said, - so slowly that he seemed, to articulate with difhculty, "Be it so. 1 have made up my mind. If we overhaid the Shark andshe declines, to • heave .to, i shall fire into: her. The blood of whatever follows will be upon iheur heads. This has - been forced upon me ; it is none of my seeking.-: I do not mean, that Colonel Hope- Kennedy shall ;posses my wife, and I will take her from tmn. ahve if , possible ; -but - rest assured I am not to be hindered from separatmg .them though her deati should be the: consequence. " - Miss Jemnngs clasped her fingers upon her forehead and sat motionless, looking down;, For a little I was both startled and. bewildered ; one moment he -talked as though his wish was that his wife should; not be harmed, and the next, in some concealed convulsion of wrath, he betrayed afar blacker resolution than ever I could, have: imagined him capable of. Yet in the brief sdence that followed^ I; had time to rid myself of my httle fit or consternation by considering, first of all, that he was now talking just as, according to my notion, he was actmg—insanely;; next, that it was a thousand to one against our falling in with the yacht; and again, supposmg we came up with her; it was not veiy probable that the crew of the Bride could be tempted, even by heavy -bribes,; into a measure that might put them m jeopardy, of their necks or their liberty. It was now dark,, and the cabin lamps had been for- some time lighted. The fivemng looked blackagainsttheportholes and the skylight, but the cheerfulness and beauty of the cabm was greatly heightened by the sparkling of the od-fiames in the mirrors, the swmg-trays, the glass-like; surface of the bulkheads, and so on. Miss Laura's golden -loveliness—do not laugh at my poor nautical attempts to put this amber-coloured, violefc-eyed woman before you—showed, as one may well suppose of such a complexion and tints; incomparably perfect, -I thought; m the soft though rich radiance diffused by the -burning sperm.: I wondered: that she should listen so passively to Wilfrid's confession of Ins inten-: tions should we overhaul the Shark. My gaze went to hor as he concluded that : ittle speech I have just set down; but I witnessed no alteration m as much of her face as was visible, nor any stir, aB of one startled or shocked, in her posture. - Posr sibly she did not master all the significance of his words ; -for how,should a girl realise the full meaning of plumping round shot out of an eighteen-poundor mto a vessel till she was made a sieve of ? . Or it might be that she was of my mind in regarding the expedition as a lunatic undertaking, and in suspecting that a few weeks of this ocean hunt would sicken Wilfrid of his determination to chase the Shark round the world. Or mingled with, these fancies, vbesides; their might be enough of, violent resentment agamst her sister, of grief, pain, 6hame, to enable her to listen with an unmoved -countenance to fiercer and wilder menaces than Wilfrid had as yet delivered himself of: These thoughts occupied my mind dunng the . short spell of silence that followed my oousm's speech. He suddenly rang*: a• little handbell, and • his melancholy servant came sliding up to him out of the after,cabin. " Tell Captain Finn 1 wish to see him \- that is, if he can leave the deck." The fellow mounted the steps. :, " What is the name of that gloomylooking man of yours,: Wilfrid ? ": " Muflh)," he answered. „ " Have I not seen somebody wonderfully bke him," said I, " holding on with drunken gravity to the top of a hearse trotting home from the last-^pubhe-house along the road from the graveyard ? " Mjss Laura laughed ; and there :was a girlish freshness and arch .cordiality in her: laughter that must have put me mto a good humour, I think, .; had it..: been .my wife instead of Wilfrid'B that Colonel Hope- Kennedy was saihng away with. "Maybe, Charles, maybe," he answered, with-a dull smile ; "he may have, been an' undertaker's man for all I-knowi though I doubt it, because X had him from -Lord ——with f/&ve; years' ( character, j every; word ofjamich hassproved true, w But I, knew : ji'A would have your joke. The fellow/ijGs itiy temper to a, hair ;.he has,a the <^etest inan in.-the: worid-r^a ..very ghost; summon him, and if he shaped himself out of thin air iie couldn't appear at your elbow more noiselessly. That's his mam -recommendation'-to me. Any kmd of noise now I find distracting; even Laura will fell you that I'll mile to escajpe the sound of a piano." At'this moment a pair of pilot breeches showed themselves in the companion-way, anil down came -Captain Sinn. As he -stood, hat in hand, soberly clothed'with; nothing more jimcrackinthe way of finely:; •upon him than a row of brass waistcoatbuttons, -1 thought' he looked a veiy proper, sailorly-sort ,cf man.- There was: no lack of intelligence in his eyes, which protruded, -as from a long habit of staring, too eagerly to .windward and trying to see into thesnside of gales of wind He was., remarkable however, for a face that was out of all proportion too long, aiot tor the, wiath of Ins head-only, but ior hisTjooy whilst JUS legs, on the other iand, were: as much too short, bo that ie submitted^ "himself a a person who e capacity of growth had been experimentally distal buted, insomuch that his legs appeared to Dive con e to full stop when hi was still a-outh, vhilst mliis face thcactive pnnS cip 1 cs of ilongation lid continued laborious until long after the 'tern nature should liave made An«na*~ •A glass of wine, captain3"fiaid Sir: TOfnd. " | "Thank jottr honour Ifeed makes. SM-old. wde *rfft, ^iej; sa , and A fedy t ho directed i fell Solent by about three bells—half-past nine o'clock." -. V. The: navigation. hereabouts," said I, needs a bright look-out. The captain may net thank us for caJl'ng him below." Lord love 'ee, Mr. Monson, sir," he answered; "the mate, Jacob Crimp, him with the one eye slewed—if so be as you've noticed the man, sir—he's at the helm, and I'd trust him for any inshore from the Good'ons to the Start, blindfolded. Why, he knows his. soundings,by the smell of the inud." How,is the weather?" inquired my cousin. " ITme, clear mght, sir; the stars plentiful and the moon '.arising the. wind's drawed a bit norradly, and's bnskemng at that ;. ,yet.it keeps a draught, with nothing noticeable in the shape of weight in it. Well,- your honour, and you, Mr. Monson, sir, and you, my lady, all I'm sure 1 can say,-is,.hero's luck.' and down went the wme. " Captain,", said Sir Wilfrid, "obhge me by giving .-Mr. 'Monson your views of thecllase we have started upon." Finn put down the wine-glass and dried his hps on a pocket ^handkerchief of the size of a small ensign.- " Well," he began with a -nervous uneasy twisting about of his legs and feet, "my.views this: Fidler isn't likely to take any. other road to the Cape than the one that's -followed , by the Indiemen. Now," said he laying a forefinger m the jiilm of his big hand, yellow still with ancient stains of tar, whilst Wilfrid watched him in his near-sighted way, leaning forward in the posture of one absorbed by what is: said; "you may take that there road as skirting the Bay o' Biscay and striking the latitude , of forty at about fifteen degrees east; -then a south: by west half west course for the Canaries ; the Equator to bo cut at twenty-five degrees west, and, a straight course for Trimdad to follow with, a clean brace up to the South' East trades. What: d'ye think,, sir 2" • Oh, 'tis about the road, no doubt," said I, for whatever might have been my ; thoughts, I had no mtention to drop a discouragmg syllable then before Finn m my consul's hearing. > . ''But,',' said the capfcain, eyemg me: nervously and anxiously, "if: so be as we; should have the. luck to fall mto that there Shark's wake, you .know, we shan't need to trouble ourselves with, the course to the Cape south of the equator." "Of course not,"exclaimed Sir Wilfrid; " By which I mean to say contmued the captain, giving his back hair a pull as though it were some - bell-rope with which he desired to ring up the invention or imagination that lay drowsy in his bram, " that if. we aren't on to the Shark this side -the line it'll be better for . us to tam to and make up our mind to crack on all for Table Bay to be there afore her,; -without further troubling -ourselves about heriheaving in sight, though, of course,; the same bright look-out '11 be kept." : Good," said Wilfrid with a heavy emphatic nod ; " that's not to be bettered, , I think, Charles." "I suppose," said?I, addressing Finn, that, .though your hope will be. to pick up the Shark any day after a given period, and though you'll follow the scent of her as closely as your conjecture of Fidler's navigation will admit, you will still go on; sweating—pray pardon this word -in its sea'sense,; Miss Jennings—your craft as though the one business of the expedition was to make the swiftest; possible passage to the.cape of Good Hope?" ;" Ay, never sparing a cloth, sir, and she's something to. jockey, Mr. Monson-:. You don't know her. yet, sir.'' " The Shark's ^ fore-and-aft schooner? " "Yes," he answered. " She carries a square sail, no doubt?" "Ay, a big 'un, but good only- for running, and -we ain't without that canvas, too, you must know,"-he added with the-; twinkle of humour in his gaze that 1 had observed in him when Wilfrid had first made ; him known to me. '' Enough of Mr. Monson, to hold wind to servo a Dutchman for a week, not to mention a torps'l and t'gallants'l fit for a hne-o'- battle ship to ratch under." •-...- This was vague talk, but it pleased 1 Wilfrid. '.' Square yards are veiy well," said I ; but surely they don't allow a vessel to • look, up to it as though her canvas was , fore and aft only? I merely ask for information. My ,marine iexpenences .were limited to square rigs." - .,.• ^.' There's nothen- to prevent the Bride from lookmg up to it as close-as the Shark," answered Firm; ''The yards '11 •lie fore and aft; what's to lnnder them ? There am't no spread;-sir, like what;you get in ships with your futtock rigging and-backstays and shrouds m the road of the shngs elbowing their way to channels big enough for a ,ball-room. Besides," ho added, "suppose it should bo a matter of a quarter of- a pint's difference, we need but stow the square cloths, and then wo ain't no worse off than the .Sha°-k" 'True, "-said I,-.thinking more of Miss •Jennings than'of wliat Finn was saying,: '60 perfect a picture of: girlish -beau^ did: she- happen to -be iat that instant as she leaned-on hor elbow, supporting her chm with a small while liand, her form jn a posture tliat left one side of her face in ; -shadow,: whilst the. other, side lay bright^ golden, and soft m the lamplight over the iable.. . She was. listening with charming gravity, and a countenance of ; sympathy whose tenderness was umm- .paired byan appearance of attention that I could not doubt was just a little forced, since our sailor talk could not but be Greek to her. Besides, at intervals, there was a lift of the white lid, a gleam of the violet eye, which was like assuring -one that thought was kept in"the direction of "our; conversation only by-constraint. I was beginning to feel the want of a? cigar, andliad beBn sitting long enough now to make me pine for a ewturn on; .deck, but I-durst not be abrupt m -the! jace of my cousins devouring stare at his; skipper and the pathetic spicUwle of iihe contending "passions m him as lie;; hearkened, now nodding, now gloomily; smiling, now "lying back on a sudden with 1 frot n which hi made as n to smooth out by pressing Ills J'jiid w his •brow * a The Shall, 1 ' said I, "has five days! start of li Gne her luuu cd miles g da-v, frrthe mere ike ot iiguu'elit bhe should ne, at tliat, util n the hi art of: the bay" "B leaven 1 within amis ength of| jib, When ^ou i,ut 4t sol' cried Wjlfrid^; -extending Jus-liand an a wild, daitmg| irrelevant gesture and clo mg his fingers •n ith a '•nip as though upon o ur plidntom d ihoughftq «lutclu| mdi\im, ' ^lon a thousand, to make us anxious with such , a race-course: as lies afore us. 'Tain't as if we'd got to to catch the craft before she'd made Madeira." He paused, lookmg a little irresolute, and then said; addressing Wilfrid, " I don't know if there's any thing more your honour would like to ask. of me'" "Mo, not for the moment," answered my cousin dully, with, the air of a man languid with a sudden sense :of weariness: or exhaustion following some internal fiery perturbation ; " it is just this, Finn. ] Mr. Monson served m the Royal Navy for a few years, and I, was anxious that he should be at : once made acquainted with your views so that he aijd you could combine your experiences. You have chased in your time,, Charles, no doubt ? " "Kot veiy often; and -then always something that was in sight, " I answered with a slight glance at Finn, whose gaze instantly fell whilst he exclaimed.: 'VWell, sir, any suggestion you . can make I'll -be mighty thankful to receive. But it'll be all plain sailing, I don't doubt; it'll be all plam sailing,", he repeated, rumbling out the words in a stifled hurricane note, and,giving us a bow; he went up. the steps. Wilfrid gazed at me vacantly when I proposed a cigar on dect- "What do you think of Finn?" he asked. " He Beems as honest a nian and as practical a seaman as needs be. But-he has had command of this yacht since you bought her ?" He nodded. "Well, then, of course you know all about him. ; He has clearly been a merchant Jack m his day, and has all necessary , experience, I daresay, to qualify, him for this charge. But, I say, Wilfrid, let us go on deck, my dear fellow. Miss Jennings, I am sure, will not object 'to the scent of a cigar in the open air." . "Nor down here either," she exclaimed. " I shaE remember that," said I gratefully. "Now, Wilfrid, won't you—?" " No," he mterrupted; " I am drowsy, and thank Heaven for a sensation that threatens to become a novelty. If I get no rest to-night it will be my eighth of sleeplessness, and I must humour myself; yes, I must humour myself," he repeated, talking m a sort of muttering way, and rising. : I advised him by all means to withdraw if he really felt tired, and further recommended a boatswain's caulker of whiskey to top off the champagne and port he had been swallowing. , "Howwill you amuse yourself, Laura?" he exclaimed,turning to her. "It will be dull work for you, I fear." " No, no," cnedI blithely, "why need, Miss Jennings be dull? It must be our business to keep her lively;" "I can sit and read here," said she,: '' tdl it is time to go to bed. What is the hour, Mr: Monson ? " '-'Just on the stroke of eight," said I. She made a pretty httle grimace, and then burst mto one of her refreshing cordial laughs. \- "A little early for bed, Wilfrid," sha exclaimed. He smothered a yawn and responded : "I will leave you to Charles. Would to heaven I had,his spmts. God. bless you both—'good night. : He rang for nis valet and stalked with hangmg arms and droopmg head, m the most:melanchohc manner pictuiable; to his cabmi I asked Miss Jennings to accompany me on deck. . " There is a moon in the air;" said ,I; you may see the haze of it through this porthole ; but I must not forget that it is an - autumn mght, so • let • me beg -you t wrap yourself up warmly whilst I slip on I fancied she hung in the wind an instant, as a girl might who could not promptly see her way-to walking the deck of a yacht-alone with a young man on a moonlight or any; other night, but she assented so quickly in reality tliat I daresay my suspicionwas an idle and groundless bit of sensitiveness. Five minutes later we were on : deck together. . lie yacht was floating through the dusk —that was tinctured mto glimmering pearl by the broad face of silver moon which had already climbed : several degrees above the black sky-line of the Isle of Wight—without the least perceptible stir or tremor in her frame. The wind was well abaft the starboard beam ; the mam boom overhung the :port quarter: the white sail rose wan to the moonshine with a large gaff topsad.above it—for those werejthe days of gaffs—dimming mto a space of auy famtness to the masthead, above the whito button of whose truck you caught the -icy gleam of a metal vane as, though it was a piece of, meteoric scoring -under the dust of the stars that hovered m -the velvet gloom like a sheet of-, undulating silver gloommg out into hollows in places. - Light as the breeze was, and following us besides, it held the canvas asleep; but that every, cloud-like cloth was doing its work, too the ear quickly : noted in tho ' pleasant fountain-like sounds of running waters over the side, with a cool seething noise in the wake and a fairy tinkling of exploding foam- bells. Tiielandtoport loomed black,against the moonshine, save; where some slope or other catching tho slanting beam showed the faint green of its herbage or wooded growths m a very phantasm of hue, like some verdant stretch of land Eyeing an attenuated ved of vapour witnessed afar upon the ocean.: Over the port bow I caught sight of a light or two -a long way down tho dusky reach, as it seemed, with a brighter gleam to starboard where the land, catching the -mOonHght, came in-visionaiy. itreaksrand: %reaks to abeani;and fon-.passed tho quarter, where it seemed.to melt out into some twinkling, beacon —off Calshot Castle, ma-be, so far astern it looked. - I spied the sturdy figure of he mate standing beside the wheel, no longer, steering,"butmamfestly conning the acht Tne skipper was -abreast of the skylight, leaning over the rail with 3ns aim round a backsta , there were figure moving for-: ward tipping the gloom there with the scarlet points of glowing bowls of tobacco, but if they conversed it mas in whispers. Hie stallne was scarce imaginable it; apparently a large brig clouded to her royals -with pale canvas stemming £116: Solent out ard bound some half a mde distant " There is no dew,' said I, " l3iemoon; shines-purel , and is full of promise so far, as fiiii iseulcrcoF W<li' here "we are: fait3 started ndeed itJS almosta dream Wmo,,"Mis Jemnngs d einow-?" 1 jcoiitiaucd, staring abuut ine 'Throe ia> r Sgo 1,-had no notice of anything liavmg^ope ^-wrong >nth any -eousm, and iherefiue lulle dwunt, js ou will sup po i., of \\.lnt I M io enter upon this hlesseajifternoon. ~ part the poets call intersteller space. How is it all to end, I wonder ? " She was pacing quietly by my side. ."You think the pursuit a silly one, Mr. Monson ?" " Yes, I do, and Wilfrid knows that I do. If he were not— he is my cousm, Miss Jennings, and a dear friend, and you are his sister-m-law and dear to him, too, I am sure, and so I dare to be candid with you—if it were not that he—" I touched my forehead: " would he embark on such a quest as this ? " ''Yes," sherephed, with just enough of heat or temper, or whatever you like to call it, in her voice to render her utterance distinct with unconscious emphasis. :•" He adored his wife. Can a man tear his love mto pieces m a day, as though it-were nomore than a tedious old. letter ? He thinks he hates her; he does so in a sense, no doubt; but in a sense, too, he~still worshipsher. Mad! thatis what you mean." I, was beginning to protest. " Yes; it is what you mean, and you arc right and wrong. If he does not pursue her, if he does not recover her, she is lost for ever; she is lostnow, you will tell me. Ay," she cried with a little stamp, "lost so far as her husband's heart goes, so far as her honour is concerned ; but not so utterly lost as she will later be if she is not rescued from that—that man, who must be so served, Mr. Monson, as to render it impossible for him ever again to trouble the peace of another home, to break the heart of a noble-minded creature and rob a little infant of its mother. Hate him ! Oh. girl as I am, I declare before my Maker I would shoot him with . my own hand!" There was nothing m the least degree theatrical m her way of speaking. The words came m a huriy to her lips from her indignant heart, and I heard the sincerity of them so clearly m the mere utterance, 1 did not doubt for an instant that, put a pistol in her hand and set up the figure of the colonel m front of her, she would have sought for his heart, if he had one, with the barrel of the weapon without so much as a sigh at having to kill him. I felt abashed: her sincerity and resentment were overwhelming; her strength of feeling, too, won a peculiar accentuation from the character of airy delicacy, of tender fragility, the moonlight gave to her fair and golden beauty. It was like listening to a volume of sounds poured forth by a,singing bird, and wondering, that such far-reaching melody should be produced by so small acreature. "I fear," said I, "you don't think me very sincere in my sympathy with Wilfrid—" "Oh, yes, Mr. Monson," she interrupted ; " do not suppose such a thing. It is not to be imagined that you should take this , cruel and miserable affair to heart as he does, or feel it as I do, who am her sister." ;' " The truth is," said,I, "it is impossible for a bachelor not to take a cynical view of troubles-of this sort. Amanwas charged with the murder of his sweetheart. The judge said to him, 'Had the woman been your wife, your guilt would not have been so great, because you would have no other means of getting- rid of her save by killing her ; but the unhappy creature whose throat you cut you could have sent adrift without trouble.' What I mean to say is, Miss Jennings, that a husband does not merit half the pity that is felt for him if his wife elopes. He is easily quit of a woman who is his wife only by name. I am for pitying her. The inevitable sequel, the disgrace, desertion, and the rest of it is as punctual as the indications of the hand of a clock. . . . But see how nimbly the Bride floats o through all this darkness and. quietude. We shall be passing that vessel shortly, and yet for canvas she might really be one of the pyramids of Egypt towing down Channel." We went to the rail to look, I, for one, glad enough to change the subject, for it was nothing less than profanity to be arguing with so sweet a httle woman, as this—in the pure white shining of the moon, -too, and with something of an ocean freshness of atmosphere all about us —on such a gangrenous .subject as the elopement of Lady Monson with Colonel Hope-Kennedy. Out of all my sea- going experiences X could not pick a fairer picture than was made by the brig we were passing, clad as she was in moonlight, and rising in- steam-coloured spaces to mere films of royals motionless, under the stars. She was a man-of-war; the white Of her broad band, that was broken by black ports, gleamed like the ivory of pianoforte keys ; her canvas was exquisitely cut and set, and trimmed as naval men know how— one yardarm lookmg backwards a little over another, the rounded silent cloths, faint m the radiance with a gleam as of alabaster showing through a delicate haze, and high aloft the tremor of ,a pennant like the expiring trail of a shooting star. All was as hushed as death upon her; her high bulwarks concealed her decks ; nothing was to be seen stirring along the whole; length of the shapely, beautiful, viaionaiy fabric that, as we left her slowly veering away upon our quarter, looked to lose the substance of her form, as though through the gradual. absorption of the light her own white canvas made "by the clear and icy radiance of: the soaring moon. To tlunk now," said I, "of the thunder of ; adamantine hps concealed witihm tiie. silence of that -heap of swimteHowamazingthe'changej from the exquisite repose.she suggests :to'i tho fierce -crimson blaze -and headlong; detonations of a broadside flashing up the dark land and dying out miles away in a sullen roar. But d'ye know, Miss Jennings, I shall grow poetical if I do not light another cigar. Women- should, encourage .men-to smoke. ^Nothing ,keeps them quieter." w e exchanged a fe" •"""ds Cap. tam Finn, who, together with the mate,', was keeping a bright look-out, and thed med our walk, and, in a quiet chat that was ended onl b a small bell on the forecastle announcing the hour of ten by four chimes, Mis Laura gave me tho story of my cousins introduction, into her laimly, desc ibed the marnage, talked to me about Melbourne and jier home tlieie; with more to (ho samo-purpo e all veiy to me, though it would make; the merest parish 50 sip m print Her, mother was dead, her fathers as a hearty man of sixty who had emigrated -years before in dire poverty, , "as you.will sup-: pose," said she, ie, "When 1 I tell jou that he was w the son -of a dis enting ^Jio had a "family of twelve jrelve children, dale and who died without leaving mom eyenough to pa for lus funeral " Mr J< had made a f01 tune b squatting, but he hid lost- p LonMdei-b'e sum vutlmi ilie pa tfew years by stupid speculation, and as aii Mura j3aid this ft-could see, ] her father was very- proud that his daughter should become a lady of title, and yet he opposed the marnage, too. In short, he saw. that Wilfrid's mind was not as sound as it should be, though he never could point to any act or speech to justify his migivings. But this was intelligible enough; for, to speak of my cousm as I remembered him in earlier times, the notion you got that he was not straightheaded, as I have before said, was from his face, and the suspicion lay but dully m one, so rational was his behaviour, so polished and. often intellectual his talk, till on a sudden it was shaqjened mto conviction on your hearing that there was insanity in his mother's family. "What had Lady Monson €0 say to your father's misgivings ? " iTinquircd. •She accepted him, afld insisted upon marrying linn. He was wohderfully fond of her, Mr. Monson." " And she ? " I saw her give her head a little shake, but she made no reply. Perhaps she considered that this trip we had started on sufficiently answered the question. She said, after a brief pause, "I myself thought my father a great deal too critical m his estimate of Sir Wilfrid. No one talked more delightfully than your cousin. He was a favourite with everybody whom he met at Melbourne. He was fresh from his travels, and was full of entertaining stories and shrewd observations; and then, again, he had much to say about European capitals, of English university life, of English society—you will not need me to tell you that we colonials have httle weaknesses m regard to lords and ladies and to the doings of high life, from winch people mEngland arequite exempt, and for the having which I fear we are slightly sneered at and a good deal wondered at. I caught the sparkle of her lifted eye. "And pray, Miss Jemnngs." said I, " what would your papa think if he were to know that you had embarked on what, I must still take the liberty of calling, a very queer voyage ? " "Oh," she cried quickly and almost hysterically, "don't ask me what he would think of what I am domg! What will be his thoughts when he gets the news of what Henrietta has done ?" She turned her head away from me, and kept it averted long enough- to make me suspect that there was a tear in her eye. It was then that a sailor forward struck the forecastle bell four times. " Ten o'clock!" she exclaimed,knowing as an ocean traveller how to interpret sea time. "Good night. Mr. Monson." I handed her down the companion-steps, and went to my own cabm, and was presently in my bunk. But it was after seven bells, half-past eleven, before I fell The breeze had freshened ; had drawn apparently more yet to tho northward, and tho yacht having hauled it a bit now that we were out of the Solent, was leaning over a tnfle with a sputtering and frisky snapping of froth along her bends and a quiot moaning sounding down mto her heart out of the hollows of her canvas, whilst an occasional creak breaking from one knew not what part of the structure, hinted at a taut drag of tacks and sheets, though there was no motion m the water over whose surface our keel shded as steaddy as a sleigh ovdf a snow-covered plam. It was one thing on top of another, I suppose; the fancies put into me by the oddness of this adventure; the memory of the long gun forward; Wilfrid s tragic intentions, the darker to my mmd because it was so easy for. me to see how grief, wrath, a sense of dishonour, bitter injury, with impulses not imaginable by me which every recurrence to the motherless little baby at home would visit him with, had quickened in him of late the deadly seminal principle that circulated m his blood. Then again, there was Mies Laura's beauty, if beauty be the proper term to express a combination of physical charms which a brief felicitous sentence hke a single line from some old poet would better convey than fifty pages of description ; her conversation; her sympathy with the motive of this trip ; her apparent heedlessness as to the time to be occupied by it; her indifference as to the magnitude of the programme that Wilfrid's resolution to recover his wife might end in framing if Table Bay should prove but a starting point—I say it was ono thing on top of another ; and all reflections and considerations being rendered acute by the spirit of life one now felt in the yacht, and that awakened the most dormant or puzzled faculty to the perception that it was all grim, downright earnest, small wonder that I should have lam awake until half-past eleven. Indeed, that I should havo snatched a wink of sleep that first blessed: night is a mystery only to be partially resolved by reflecting tliat I,was young; heedless, "unencumbered" as they Bay, a lover of adventure, and in no sense dissatisfied by the company I found myself among. (To be continued.) A GLASS OFWTNE, CAPTAIN?" SAID SIS. WILFRID. 