[?] CAMPAIGNING MEMO EIES. WBItIKH FOB Jf THB ADVBHTISKB' BT DAVID CHBISTIE MURRAY. Enough happens every day In the life of the least observant and adventurous to occupy a week in recital, and. ia % year's campaigning, where life mores at its xapldest possible rate, and where enough excitement for a month is crowded Into a minute, there Ucb more matter of Interest than any man could pnb on paper u be lived to be a hundred. The only difficulty is In the question of selection. I haye not eeen a shot fired in anger for this last 13 yean, bot there ia scarcely an incident of the RuBao- Turklsh campaign which ia sot as clearly present to my mind to-day as it was within an hour of its occurrence. It happens, too, that within this last month or m I have been refreshing memory rather copiously by talking over the incidents of the campaign with two men, who from their respective sides eaw most of It — Dr. Charles Byan, of Melbourne, and Mr. Kinnaird Bio&e;, the editor of the Brisbane Courier. 'When I was in Brisbane the other day I reminded the hitter of a very curious experience which came to me through him. Be was representing the Scotsman on the Russian side, whilst on the Turkish side I was working both for the Scotsman andtue London Times. Rose was wounded In the ankle by a rifle bullet, and the news got down country that the correspondent of the Scotsmanbad been hit. It travelled from month to month, and was exaggerated as it went, until in Constantinople it was related that the Scotsman's representative had been killed. Then the statement grew into detail, and It appeared that the unfortunate too-adventurous youth had been shot in the act of surveying the enemy's position from a Turkish earth work, and had fallen back stone dead with his field- glasses in his hand. When things had reached this paes it was found necessary to provide a name for the defunct, and since I was the only correspondent of the Scotsman on that eide — there was another, I believe, in Asia Minor with the Turks — it was not unnatural that my name was chosen. 80 the sews was flashed home by wire that poor Christie Murray had come to a finish, and had fallen a victim to his own temerity. An imaginative artist drew a picture of the fatal scene, and sent it home, where it was engraved and printed. I read my own obituary notice in the papers, and learned that It wa3 a pity that so promising a yonng man should be cut off In the flower of his youth. One of these dayB there will be obituary notices which I shall not read, and I cannot laugh at the episode now as I did at the time, but it was a curious thing to happen, and not one that falls to every man's expe rience. I remember very well when I got home after that terrible campaign that I had a conversation, very Interesting to myself, with Archibald Forbes. I cannot tell this story without offering a confession. I never knew from start to finish, and I do not know now, whether in moments of danger I felt like a brave man or a coward. I know that I never ran away, or disgraced myself, bat 1 know that I always felt as if I should have liked to run away. I know that to be under fire was always a most comfortless and ner vous experience, and I never felt a touch of that thrill of battle and that glorious sense of risk and excitement about which it is so easy to write and talk. Lots of men talked of it in my hearing. I have heard from their own lips that they re joiced in danger and had known nothing bo glorious as the excitement of being1 shelled at. Now all this made me feel particularly small, and I listened to It with a eense of growing self- depreciation. It was a thing I scarcely liked to talk about, leBt by my confession I should bring disgrace upon myself. But at last one evening, fresh from a renewal of this kind of talk, I met Archibald Forbes in the Strand and resolved to take the bull by the horns. Forbes, as all the world knows, has gone through nearly, if not quite, a score of wars, big and little. He saw the awful struggle between France and Germany, and distinguished himself there by an undaunted courage and an extraordi nary resource. An iron man of indomitable mood, and beyond that, my friend, and one 1 felt I could confide in. I made no secret of my own feelings in the hour of battle, but I reported to him the glowing speeches of the heroes I had so newly bidden good night to. -'Yoa go back to 'em, young nn,' said Forbes, tapping me on the chest with an extended forefinger, 'You go back to 'em and tell 'em with my compliments — Archibald Forbes'a compliments, that they're liars — liars !' I am free to confers that that dictum soothed me, and that after it I began to hold my head up once again and to think that perhaps after all a good many people might have experienced those emotions of discomfort and distress which I had thought personal to myself, and may yet have done their duty. I have to admit that I saw some dare devil valor which made that theory of the enjoyment of danger sound credible* enough. Here, for Instance, la a fact which I should have some hesitation in relating on my own responsibility solely, but there are a score of trustworthy men alive who will bear me out in it. Poor Campbell — ' Shipka' Campbell as we called him, and as the world remembers him now — was one of the heroes of the foolish desperate escapade. He fell on Secocoeni's Height, leading the black contingent there, under Sir Garnet Wolseley some years later, and no more gallant, whole-hearted, generous gentleman was ever struck down in battle. Francis Francis, his companion on many a field of peril, dedicated to Campbell's memory his baok, ' War and Wanderings,' and spoke of him as 'a man who loved danger and knew not f6ar.' Captain Tibnrce Morrlssot, of the TrolBiemes Chasseurs, was Campbell's companion In the hair-brained scrape. The two were at Ruatchuk together, and the BuBBians from the opposite side of the Danube were shelling the fortifications. There was nothing for either the English man or Frenchman to do, and the place was utterly without means of distraction or amusement. So one day — ' It la par ticularly dull here,' says the small Gaul to his companion, ' let us find something to do. Let us go and sit np on the fortifi cation and be shelled at.' Now I don't suppose for a moment thatthe UttJebantam of a man — I have his daring handsome face before me at this instant — meant this proportion to be taken seriously, or that It was anything more than a dreary joke, borne out of the unutterable ennui In which he lived ; but Campbell, no doubt with jocular Intention also, offered a languid aeeent. The Gallic bantam, what ever he may have thought about it, took the thing au grand serieux, lit np his clgarettej and led the way. Campbell followed, and It Is an actual fact that the pair of them sat down under fire on tbe face of the fortification at a little distance from each other until a Russian shell burst between them. Then one or the other suggested that he had had enough, and his companion agreeing with him they left the field and went back into the town un scathed. The etory leaked oat lomehow, and I think that each ir*a ?- little avhamed of himself. It wa» ? Billy ?ohoolboy pleoe of daring, bad it thowod a aoorn for danger #1 which both men made & far better am later on. 1 bate never boon able to look on BumIa m being anything bat an essentially fewtatoo* Power, and «aost people who )s now Totk»y will place h-r, whether » IHttle J&lgket; ot a little lower d-ie« not grotty tt&Her;, tn Uu- same cate gory. In the war betw«ea Hum, for tha nrst time In the history .of the world, two uncivilised foroea met In a deadly straggle with all the appUaooeti of civilisation in the hands of either. They had railways at command, and the eleotrio wire, and the latest pattern of siege-shell, and the latest Inventions of destructive science generally. The Circassians, I remember, were armed with tie Remington repeat ing rifle. I never believed or saw any reason to believe In the stories that wera sometimes told about the villainous con duct of the regulars on the one side or the other, but on the Russian side the Cos sacks, and on the Turkish the Tchirkasses, the Bashi-Bashonks acd Zelbecks, tha Smyrinotes and Tripolltes, literally playeS the devil. Especially on the Ottoman side horrors were enacted which are beyond the power of tongue to tell or pea to write. There Is no good purpose to serve now in renewing the memory of those hideous details, unless It were in the hope of teaching men to hate war, as I learned to hate It In the course of that horrible year. An Armenian gentleman with whom I travelled by train one day put tbe thing In a nutshell. ' Ce riest pas vine gxwrre; c'ut V extermination d* une race?' Night after night on tha borders of that fair rose country which ^ lies nestled round Kesandlyk, under tha stern splendors of the Balkan Hills, tha horizon was red with the fires of burning village^ and townships. I saw with these eyes 1,200 mutilated dead, men, women, and children, lying in a vineyard hard by Kesandljk, every one foully murdered and shamelessly maltreated after death- I wentthrough. towns which had held prosper ous and Industrious peoples, where not a roof remained, and streets and gardens and smouldering ruins were left to tha sole guardianship of the dismembered dead. 80 much one dare say, bat of the horror piled on horror, of the bestial laBb of cruelty, the ingenious devilry of wickedness which came out in details beyond number, which shocked the senaa and harrowed the heart, until at last aa absolute indifference took the place of outraged shame and weary pity— of thesa thingB I dare not and I will not speak. Many and many a time I have wondered since that any creature born of woman should find it In his heart to unloose war's ban-dogs. The peace party used to ba sneered at as men who wished for peace i at any price. The taunt wa3 not de served, and it is not Improbable that John Bright himself might have shown a new edition of the fighting Quaker In a righteous cause, but it is hard to find anything which justifies a re sort to eo fearful an Implement as war. The folks who stay at home know nothing of it. The troops march out with swords and bayonets flashing in the light, with banners flying and bugles blaring, and the crowd huzzas. Or the victorious force comes home crowned with glory, and a whole populace goes wild with the noise of its own ap plause. In the time that goes between we read of daring acts of courage, and warm our blood with the thought that ouc countrymen are displaying all the qualities which have given the race the crown of Empire half the wide world over. Bub who reads between the lines, and knows the squalid degraded bestial thing war Is 1 Only the man whose own eyes hare beheld It. , I have had hundreds of enquiries, both at home and here, as to the truth of ' The Story of Mr, King.' The hero of the tale died in Philadelphia a year or two after the close of the campaign. Hla name was Wheale, and thongh he was no more a doctor than 1 am he was on the medical staff at Orkhania, where ne was engaged as a dresser la the hospital. Nobody had any great respect for him, or thought him likely to distinguish himself for courage and devo tion, but sitting one afternoon in a hat where he had charge of two wounded women, one of whom had just sucsumbed to her Injuries, he found his chance for distinction unexpectedly presented^** him, and took it like the plucky little Yankee that he was. A Circassian broke In at the door with a drawn Bword in his hand, and made for the rude bed on which little Wheale's charge was laid. The black guard epoke a word or two of English, and there was a brief parley between him and the American, which ended, when tha savage's murderous meaning was made evident, by Wheale's snatching up a dis taff that lay handy and knocking him summarily on the head -with it. The Tuikiflh regulars had bolted, the Russiaa army was marching on the town, bat had not yetTeached it, and the Circassian was playing his own unfailing Intermediary same of loot and rape and murder. When the Yankee soi disant medico got outside the hut he found two or three hundred of them, and though he was perfectly well aware that they were just as willing as they were able to settle hla affairs finally, he opened out upon them with such a tirade of wrathf nl abuse that they recoiled before him, and the leader of the gang, after a word or two In his own language, with drew his associated rascals and lefb little Wheale master of the field. When he was questioned afterwards as to how he had performed this surprising feat, hejsald with some naivitS that he had laid himself out to curse and swear, and he rather ' kalkalated that he made them savages think that hell was open. I guess,' ha added, ' that they took me for some kind of White- man's Pasha— supposed I was an English duke, I fancy.' He was a per Bon we had hitherto reckoned of no account at al), but when he joined the main body at night, bringing his wounded charge ia safely with him, his reception made him very ehy. It Is likely enough that that seufiation was strange to him, but he told ub with unnecessary vehemence of phrase that he knew he had behaved absurdly, but under similar circumstances would do again precisely what he had done. One of the most noteworthy things which came before me was the stoicism, or at least the outer imperturbability with which men went to execution In those days. In Tatar- Bazardjik and In Sofia foe a considerable space of days the average number of men hanged before breakf asb was 17. I forget now how long that; dismal Saturnalia lasted, but I suppose there could hardly have been fewer than. 300 executions. The military comman dant had rare pickings in those times. If a Bulgarian had anything worth confiscating it waB the easiest thing in the- world to- denounce him as a traitor to the Ottoman rule, to Btring him up and to impound hla belongings. There was nobody to offer aa objection unless it were a handful of weep ing women and children, and they wera alwayB easily to be chased at the expendi ture of the merest trifle In the way of wearing out whipcord and a mouthful o£ Turkish objurgations. I was travelling orx a burning summer day, when I saw seated in a row, at aome little distance from the railway-station ab which the tram had halted, about 25 or 30 Bulgarian peasants. They were tied together elbow to elbow, and were eating their midday meal with a remarkable awkwardness of movement. When a man raised his right hand to hla mouth hla neighbor's left had to go with It, and Ib waB this singularity of movement which first drew my attention to the party. The train stopped for some considerable tlma to take lu wood and water, and whilst my travelling companion and I watched tha line of Btolid feeders a little knot oE . Turkish police were at work strapping together three Bllm poles, which they finally elevated Into & tripod. Then having hang upon the poles to test their stability, an officer in charge give a word or two In a tone of indifferent custom, one of tha end men was cut free From the line, a written placajd was fastened on his breast, and a rope being produced, the man was hanged npon the tripod with no -more- ado than if he had been a dog. He had been eattog the moment before, *nd his com panlonB,withnow«ndthenasldelongglansa aetou the ahouldertp where he kkked«na swung, wentoneatingetllL Whentheenglne was once -more ready to tsfee m on tha* man was quite dead and efclll, and (he line of prieonersand their escort were raising ft - cloud of dost as they plodded northward along the son-smitten hill eide highway. I saw the band again more than ones, and on each occasion Its nnmbera were diminished. The wretched Christiana 'were being marched from village to vil lage, and execttted haphazard here and llieifc. ostensibly as a warning against sym pathy with the MascoFite invader I met the last of the gang at Gnemlik, aod he was eitticg by the Bide of a fire with his guards, and was chatting with them la what eeemed a perfectly friendly later* course. I learned afterwards that the hapless wretch had been brought back after hundreds of miles of travel to his native village, and that having been freed of bis bonds he had supposed himself about to be aeb at liberty. Somebody euddetJy touchtd him on the ehou?der, B?.:d 'Gel, Ivan,' which, being Interpreted, signifies ' Come John,' and John rose obediently and was led towards fciB own cottage, smiliDg and chattering all tbe way. 1 followed to see what would fcappec. A soldier pausing at the door began to work away with the point of LIb bayoriet in the mad of the wall above the door jamb. Then a rope with a noose at the end of it came from somewhere, and the man who had given the order some minuteB before repeated it, ' Gel, Ivan.' The smile the man's face had worn -was frozen into a contortion of the ghast liest terror. He clasped his bands together piteonsly, and barat Into tears and wailinge. Of all the many whom I paw die that dog's death In Roomelia and Jtnlg&tia; he was the only man who did not meet it with a seeming stolid indifference. 33nt he was taken unawares, and had been allowed to think that all his troubles were over, and that he was a free man again. Be bad been permitted to believe that the object of tbe walk he took waa to reinstate him in his home. Amongst other familiar figures I recall Is that of one Goldstein, a tailor and haberdasher in Adrlanople. Goldstein had started in life as a German, bat had come to be a very polyglot and citizen of the world. He had been through the Crimean war, employed In I forget what capacity by General Wyndham, and waa currently known as Wyndham's Goldstein. In reward for his services he was allowed to optn a canteen, and made what was for him quite a handsome little competency out of it. With this he set np In business Jn Adrianople, and prospered mightily, so that when I met him he was a merchant of great consideration. He was a fat round bail of a man, but surprisingly ac tive fcr his build and as fall of tight as a bulldog. When the irregulars came np Stnto tbe town they frightened everybody with the solitary exception of old Gold Stein. One day whilst the terror was at its height, and when nine out of every ten thops were closed because of the almost universal pduic, one coffee- colored bandy-legged roysterer with a hat three feet high and a leathern beliyband crammed full of lethal weapons, swaggered into Goldstein's establish ment and demanded to know the price of something. He clutched at the article he wanted, and threw out the jpoDoeyllable 'Hatch,' which means B- Eow much 1' Goldstein, who himself stood at the receipt of custom that morn Ing, told htm the price, The Bavage offered a quarter of the sum, but Gold stein iterated his original demand. Then the Zeibeck offered half with the same re sult. Fieally he drew his sword and flourished it over the counter at the ipeacefol tradesman, threatening to have his blood if the price were not abated. Thereupon the fat man unexpectedly vaulted the counter, seizing an iron yard measure in the act, and fell upon the Bavage with so vigorous an onslaught that he drove him from the shop, and hi the end chewied him the whole length of the bazaar. Onlookers at the scene described it to me as being Indescribably comic. !The man of war, laden with murderous k&ives; and the pistols with which his ancestors had stormed Genoa, ran for his life end bellowed like a bull calf, the burly tailor following, yard measure In hand, pantiugly threatening and coralng In halfgthe languages of the Bast. I asked the valiant tailor if the story were true, and he answered, ' Dos vos 80.' There is human nature even In the Zei beck. I came across one fellow whom, I had very good reason to believe, was steeped to the very lips in murderous outrage, and he was sitting on a doorstep dissolved in tears. Being questioned as to the reason of his distress, he pointed to a. woman and a child hi the near distance. He aaid, with no maura*'se honte, that they reminded him of his own wife and child far away in his native mountains, and I have no donbt that he had a very sincere affection for them and supposed himself to be doing good service to the Padlsha hi exterminating his Christian enemies. The absolute contempt they entertained for the Giaour, the outside infidel who has no pait hi the scheme of J3ahomet, must be seen to be believed. Sly interpreter and I were riding one day Into PhUlipopolis when we passed a brace of the ruffians, whoscowledatusas they jogged by. 'Giaour varma?' cays one. 'Is that a Christian 2' ' Var Giaour I' says the other, ' It is a Christian !' They tumed in their caddies and spat after me with an execration which I suppose I was none the lees happy not to understand. They gave us excellent fan sometimes, as when on the northern march we en countered a body of them who had looted Borne Bulgarian village. One fellow had a sewing machine on hie saddle before him, and exhibited that trophy with grins of joy and pride. I got my interpreter to aek him if he knew at which end it Went off, and at this query he hurled the machine into a wayside pond and rode away as if to break his neck. We came across a chum of his an hour or two later the same day. He, it appeared, had been robbing a Greek Church, and for his share of the loot had brought away a gilt candle Ctick 8 or 9 feet long. He invited me to taste tbe metal to aseure myself it waa gold, and was unshakable In his belief that it was. solid. He was Indeed so ?wedded to that opinion that I hardly thought it worth while to dispute the point with him. There waa a third of the tribe who afforded fox our observation quite a drama of greed and canning and rage. He had robbed a Spanish Jew of his coat, and had done it in mere wantonness, the garment to all seeming being not worth a sixpence Bat the Hebrew refnBed to be spoiled without a protest, and followed the march for daye, scheming to get Mb coat back. If it had not been for this persistence the thief would probably have destroyed or thrown away tbe garment long before, for It; was altogether worthless to him. At last, when he had worn out beaeechlngs and menaces, the owner of the ooat offered to pay for it, and day after day he followed, raising his price every half hour or so, until the thief's suspicions -were excited. In the quiet of the nighi he made Btrlcfc examination of the gar meet, and found that the lining wft' stuffed fall of little knlck knacks in gold and silver, and the wretched papei£crir- cency of the country. Altogether I dare say he found £20 worth thus hidden away, ?and having carefully extracted it all, he Bold the coat to its rightful owner at an extravagant figure. The misery and rage of that Jew were beyond all description. He was a plctureeque old fellow, with a great sweeping mass of white moustache and beard, acd a high peaked head of furrowed baldness. I could nob follow what he had to eay, but he said it with a /usto and Intensity worthy of Sal vial. I nave so donbt in my own mind that he was quite equal to the occasion, and that the sentiments he ntteted were in fall accordance with the exigencies of the hour. The' fund of story to be found In the experience of war* whether tragic or laughable, la practically inexh&HBtnbld;, If ~lt''wfireiw'6rth' anybody's reading 1 could .fill volumes ont of tbe reminiscences of 1 that ooeyear. ; Bab I have no room for \- volumes here, and can only for an hour or two dip my hand Into the lucky bag of memory and bring ont the thing first grasped. I made acquaintance In Con stantinople with a gay, handsome, and light-hearted young giant who hail been in tbe fourth. Kdnlg'a Dragoons, and had fought through the Franco-German war. We staved together in the Byzance Hotel in the Grande Rue da Pera. He was more tbsn half an Englishman, bat had been bred in Hamburg, and all his Byo-pathlrs and proclivities were German. He was a bright, harum-scarum fellow, and had gone out to join the Polish Legion and to 6|-bt for the Turk against Rassla. We got u» be good friends, and one day I gave a littie dinner party at which he was on 6 of the invited I had asked for the came evening a French officer of cavalry, and wheii the two encountered it was Im possible not to notice the Btranga looks they cast upon each other. Ordinarily each of them was bright and quick ia con versation, and bubbling over with high spirits. Now they sat glam and silent, and as the dinner went on something of a chill fell on us all. In the course of half an hour the truth came out: The young German officer had seen his only brother cut down at his side in a cavalry charge, and had crossed swords with the man tbat had killed him. These two guests of mine had last met on the field of Gravelotte, and now sat together at my table. A qaeetion or two, an auswer or two, resolved the whole business, and they both got up and went away. There was no ill Wood between them, but it was not easily possible to sit at the same table with a man who had slain an only brother, or with tbe man whose brother you had elaln. The dinner party, which might have been a very joyful affair indeed, languished Badly, and we had little to talk of or think of but this tragic and strange encounter. Now that I come to look back upon what I have written it looks rather like Hamlet without the ghost. The raison d'etre of the whole thug Is left out of it. The campaigning memories hardly touch the campaign at all. Suppose we have one peep at war before we part company. It was In tbe rainy season, and we were marching upon Plevna. All the officers, of every grade and every arm, in a force of 20,000 men, were gathered together in the chill of the morning upon a misty hilltop Below the hill to the left and to the rear lay the curving, muddy road by which cur march had led us, and a mile away to the front we eaw the little village of Avlauitzi, with tbe morning mist pretty thickly about it and above It. A straight unwavering column of emoke rose oat of the mist, 3 cut at the crossing of the river, and we con jectured rfghtly tbat the Russians had tired the bridge. Whether the enemy stiil lurked In the village It was impossible to determine without a reconnaissance, and a mere handful of Cossacks, perhaps a score, were sent out to feel the way. We watched them from 'Avlanltz* hilltop as they rode, now blurred by law-lying cloud and driving rain, now lost to sight altogether, and now with the burnished steel of their accoutrements glistening in answer to some scattering watery gleam from the morning sun, which struggled fitfully against the damp discomfort of the morning. At last the men disap peared In the river fog which wrapped the village, and the strained expectancy was broken by a dull sound of firing a mile away, which sounded as though it were filtered through blan kets to the ear. A minute later and oar fellows came flying back again, flying for dear life, stretched a full length upon their horses, Circassian and Tarkish Cos sack fashion, and firing backward as they rode. Here and there a horse ran rider less, and here and there a man nnhoraed ran his hardest through the heavy mud, or turned to fire. Behind the flying handful came thrice its number of Rus sian Cossacks, yelling like fiends, and plying whip and spur. At the foot of the hill our cavalry lay hidden behind the rblng ground, and when flying friend and following foe were within 100 yards, a de tachment of 100 or thereabouts set oat full tilt to meet them. The pursuers turned, bat their onslaught had been so impetnous and nngaarded that the forces were almost mixed, and the clash of steel on steel was heard above the flying thunder of the hoof beats, and the thick crackle of carbine fire from either side. Then there were more horses run ning loose, and every here and there horses dead upon the road, and from our coign of perfect safety we conld Bee the men crawling from the roadway to the sodden fields. The hurrying mass of noise acd smoke and fire swept onward towards the village, and once again pursuit was turned to flight. A Raesian cavalry force fuly four squadrons strong burst from the village and swept the Turks before them in a flight more wild than that of their predecessors ; and again as they neared the hill the Turks hurled a heavier force than their own against them, and again the pursuers turned with a whole demoniac engine of fire and death behind aod a thunder of hoofs that seemed to shake the solid hill. They swept on at racing pace towards Avlaoitza, and the flying clatter the hoof beats made upon the cobbled pathway of the village was noisily audible, even through that thick air, at a distance of a mile. It was no more than a cavalry skirmish, and the losses on either side counted barely a score. It was recorded as the merest affair of outposts, but I never saw a pitched battle into which so much excite ment was crowded. Poor Bond Moore, who led the ambulance corps, and who, like so many of the good fellows who shared the fun and danger and privation of that time, has long since joined the great majority, slapped me on the back with an excited cry, and shouted that It beat fox -hunting. From tbe merely spectacular point of view it waa to my mind the most brilliant episode of the whole campaign. Our men came back victorious, report ing the enemy ha full flight, and when the rising snn had gathered force enough to dispel the fog we saw the white tents of the Russians on a distant hill, melting as it were like snow. A sulky cannon shot or two eaid their good byes, and we msiched on to the relief of Plevaa with out BtrikiEg another blow. 