ftloveilst* Tbe Midnight Prophecy OH TIIH HEIR OF STRATHSPEY . TOWERS. ' By Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER :LXVII. j i ' wni'jB'iyii you.' A' I olimbed. the gory .vulture}?; nogt. v And'fopqd the tumbling dovo - within.'! . 'The Voioe 'of Mdtlior Gwynneth aroused , her from a deopsloop, the aleop of iit^er t r exhaustion. :..'.^p^bMrted.up '.with- ti thrill ? of lew t. j^ota^:i|r^r8E()iiiig.!n''at t)ie' 'rWoVi and the.pld woman was placing \- tbe tray containing her breakfast oni the . tdble. * '? Te 'alamber lato, my losslo,' ahe ref marked, aB Maggie sprang up, all dressed 1 ftfl'fsho liftd thrown herselt down j 'ye must a keep bad hours last night ; boo ' — . -? pointod to -the'empty candlestick— ' yer c'dtfdlea-buriit'out. f'llika to burn my light all night in fbia 'ghostly place, replied Maggie, quietly, but thrilling with terror lest tlio ~ . ? -Jua)t,-?n her clothos vr some disarrange ' , -mont fthout tho room ahould botiray hor ; ;f'andl got to rummaging among the dusty :»ld'. books, too, to pass away the time— 'tie awfully diyl ahujt- up in this way, my ?gobd Woman.' 'Weel, , weel,' responded (iho old womaiS; her ' eyea gleanjing wiokedly, ' 'twas yor Own stubborn will hb brurig ye .fcere; -why dftwja ye. marry- young laird at onoe ?' ' Because ! was foolish* 1 dare say,' . :»ajd -Maggie, obeying a (jiirtilon determin . aiion to preterid.s'ie vyas; being conquered in order to ward oil' suspicion) (,bi)t Lord Angus should lmvo been patient and \- not; wlusked mo ofT and shut me up like a prisoner. I oan't forgive liim.' ' Yes, ye can,' coaxud Mother Gwyu netli. ' Why 'lie done 'it all fur love of ye,' and hobo a braw young laird us iiny lassie need bo proud to win. Ye'll for gio him an', meet him wi' a kiss whon he. gets back from Lunnou, won't ye now?' ?Maggio tossed hor head with a oharm ting coquettish air. ' When does he oome 1' she asked. ' To- morro,w, mobbe ; he thought to bo . gone a:woek, bub Berkit came last night an'. sayB.ho'li be bnck sooner — so yo ihay ? bo lookiu' vor put'tiest. Ooom, horo's yor breakfast uU hot now j Bit yo down an' ? c«tj'an! 'dori'bfi-ot any more ; I shall bo busy to-day, since the young laird coorns to-morrow.' She loft tho room, looking it after her, \- and. Maggie board hor go shuffling down the great stainvay with tho blood-hound w(uning iit'lior lioels. He followed theold preaWo ivherover she went. 'ftf-morrow I Lord Angus coming baok to-morroW ! ' Oh, what' should aha do ? \- /low aliould slio escape 1 . 'She sat ?' for 0 long time in d0OP thought. .Thero soomed to be no hope, .- aud she-came toiler deoision in silent calmness. . If the worst oan-e bIio would slip through the aperture, replace | the sliding panel, and lie down in tho awful , gloom aomewhoro bolow and die. Thoy would never find her for it was evident i thoy knew nothing of the secret pas sago. But it would bo a dreadful end to life and her old father mourning over her , loss. And the Earl of Strathspey 1 At thought of him slio started up. Tliq ro uiouibranoe of! his white fucc and hungry t' 0) os thrilled her with now hope.' Sho uojsod over,to thu table. The breakfast vi'is very tempting and sho was weak 'and ' ' hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of , _ ' , tlio Broiled bacon, aud swallowed a mouth ful of tea ; the remainder alio' reserved for | , tho poor sufferer below. But daro sho attempt to rnrke the descent by daylight 1 What if some one should enter hor room 1 1 \ and find the panol open, the secret stair t ?- tray rovealod ? v i But she could not boar to let tho oarl 0'' famish throughout tho long, long day. She resolved to risk it. ? ' r- Taking the food in her apron as beforo Jr); 1 '? ' ahe removed the panel and hurried , down. -, . ' When she . reaohod the vault she was , x brtithless. The peer, reolining on his 11 ? ' ' ' s. bod of stone, heard her coming and arose r ',v to meot hor, his white faoe eager and ^ ? amiling. Jt had seoraed an eternity sinco , ahe left him. \- Siie spread hor breakfast beforo hitn j - - and invited him to partako of it. \ t * 'But, ray little friond,' ho said, ''' gravely, his eyes turning with wistful long ing toward tho food, in spite of his will, 'I oannot prolong my life at jtljo cost of t$~ i yours — yon bring me-your food while you %-l'r % ' ate starving I' ' Oh, no,' eho criod ' No, indeod. I eites soma, /uid I shall' have moro Koon— please oat it, and try to get your ^ too will need it all, Aud I iv;*-: must leave you again this moment. I will oome again; iu the meantime, rotuain quiet, and do not despair. Tho darkest hour ifcjtlBt bofore the dawn.' ' She' fled away as bIio had como, with noiseless stops, up tho spiral stairs, and baok to hor prison. Tho morning woro away. Noon came, and a: hot September sun blazed down upon the hoary battlomonts; the long, long afternoon, tho cool gray twilight, and at last; ut lnBt the silent night. Maggio throw aside tho old volume sho had boon trying in vain oread, and wont to the window with a sigh of roliof. The day, had seemed so endless, ond sho had lofcged for the night with a vague hope.' V groundless hopo, alas, for thero was not\\-ho most romoto possibility of escape. Wet sho longed with feverish im patienso ). -r tho darknoss, and welcomed it now, ail1! watched tho groat white stars, flashing olit in the far-otT sky, with toar diinmed oX'i'ti. Her L-eopur came up with her supper aud a iittli morsol of candlo that would not last though half tho night. ' '' I won' t havo yo watching tho night through, oil' makin' a ghost o' yersel,' she said ; v^o to bod like a gudo lasBio ; yor braw yoVpg sweetheart will bo here to-morrow.'l\ Maggio shuddered and sat down by the casement,- tlikt foolish, vaguo hope still tormenting hiir. She resorved her supper for the earl, intending to take it dovi n to him by and by., 1 Slowly tlio hpf**8 wont by, and sho Bat there cpuntii)g*'f|0r own heart-beats. She could hear tho trees moaning in tho September wuhSVi and tho sea boating on tho sands boloni aud at last, after weary, weary waitingL she hcurd that for which she had g 'Ped with suoh feverish unreBt. ' Tho'sS'?1'' fluto-noteB set to tho music of: tho d c ! V old son g, ' Tlie Camp bolls are oominga' Aaeured noww-hat it was intended as a signal to '%'self, sho aroso, in a tremor of ' excitement, nnd lit hor bit of candle. 1 \ ' Then sho made hlor way out, and Btarted np the dizzy stftui,» again.' Iinpatiouce winged her foot, ' she made tho long 'fin'dltirosomn nflcm/A^'ory snoedilv. A stout wind w V blowing when she reached ? tho tow^i tfhambor, and she hurried hor candle iHVa sholtorod corner lest it should^ bp bl \ out, - Then she tor'6 a atrip ifroni\heri -W°ni-nd_!iisMill^ it Into a wiag^Jifc .tho; blaze;', ana hastening io'tho wfl|cI,ow throw it out as beforo. - Tho wind caughtljit and whirled it away, like a flaming Jlijnuon in tho dark liesa, and swift : as tluuglit, from bolpw, came the dulcot i nuuoers of 'Highlaud Mary.' ' : '. -ir Maggio know that 'Mio waB answered. A delicious thrill stiiutd hor heart, and a bright bloom suHu.bH ' lior waxen oliooks as ho gazed down the ^zzy distanoo. Sho could see a man's fi ^iire crossing tho barren heath below; ai!l raising an arm, over and anon, with' a -yarning gesture. Sho watched tlio dnKi tiill figure with fascinated eyes'. It atSroaohed the base of the ruins with rapid! stopB, and then she loBt flight of it. Stiv she did not re move hor fusoinated gd», but continued to lean over the 'atpneftsill, hor eyeB strained down intp the js|i'adowy depths bolow. ' ? ' Ten minutes passed in dead silence ! Then, all at once,, a stran of exquisite melody broke on her oar. IjAnd, wonder of wonders, it oiime, not f;om the heath bolow, but;from some nei'r point. Her heart throbbed with painfijl rapidity, and bIk* drow baok half in terrcr. Ten minutes ' moro I Tjio groat owl, startled from his roost in He ivy, flew but with a wild cry, and in tl(V after silence the girl caught, at intervals the sound of hbnrsc, panting respiration^ Impolled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she loaned! far out into the night, and she caught siuht of a man's head protruding above t'jo clustering ivy. V A low, startled cry oacajjod hor lips. It was instantaneously answered. ' Be quiet,' spoke a oloiir,:firm voice, a voice that inspired her with confidence and oourago ; 'do not fear; l am coming to help you.' ' Oomo on !' sho rosponded, still look ing out. Tho ivy vinos that clung about tho lofty tower began to shake and rustle, the panting respirations came mjarer, und proBeutly the man's head camo distinctly into view— a handsome, blondo'head, and a pair of shining, resolute bluo eyos. Their owner was ncconipliBliiug the dar ing feat of climbing tho ?' Bordor Watchp tower ' by aid of tho ivy vinos that covered it. V Ho came up cautiously, but foarlessly, now clinging by his arms, now' finding a foothold againBt tho rugged rimsonry. ' Maggio grow sick and faint as- Bhe watched him, but ho smiled up. into! her white fuco, as it bung over hiui iii the silvery moonlight ; and in another breath ho Bwuug himself up to tho window-sill, aud leaped in. r Covered with perspiration, and almost gnsping from hia great exertion', his close fitting hunting-jacket torn into: shreds, his handsome face llushed, his blonde curls all in a tumble; yet MaKgiq.Juiew him. ill an instnnt. Ho wna' thu young strangor who had drawn hor from uiidur tho horse's foot at th« ' Iji'Jii and the Unicom,' and to whom she appealed for help whon Lord Angus forced hor awtiy.' , Her eyos brightened, and u lovely color roso to her oho -ltB. Sho extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. ' I romombor you,' she said, simply: J ' and you have risked your lit'o to come to me?' ? The young man bowod, and took tli'e cold little fingoru in his own shapely hand. 'J 'Wo, not quito that, ho ropliou.; ' 'Twos a oloso thing, I'll admit, but I've a talent for olimbing, and tho ivy iB'strong and safe ; my life was in no danger. ISut. I'm glad you- remember me,' he added,' with a flashing glanco, 'bocauso I've never forgotten you for ono single moment; sleeping or waking, your fuco lias haunted me. 1 knew you wero not mad, as thoy ussertcd, and I determined to save you. I followed the carriage that bore you away that night, and saw you convoyed into this place ; and finding no other mode of entranco, you see, 'I'vo climbod the gory vulture's uost.' And now, what can 1 do for you ?' ' Help ine to escape, replied Magrjic, promptly. 'If I remain till to- morrow, o fate worse than death will bo mine.' Ho considered a moment, his handsomo face turned toward tho setting moon. Vi'jrsi, tell mo,' ho tl1 ' how you ever managed If, as 1 infer, you har ' !''jy 1 ' 'II sonor. You euroly did not ascend by tho socret stairway ?' ' Yes, I did,' Maggie replied. ' I dis covered it by ehanco, and came up horo attracted by tho sound ot your lluto ; but I fancied no on o knotv tlmt such a stair way existed.' Tlio young man smiled, Bhowing liia handsomo white tooth. ' You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled upon it' by chance, liko yourself, whon this old placo was unoccupied and I waB horo on an investigating tour ; but I can't well beliovo that yon had tho courage to nBcond it.' 'I did,' said Maggie. '1 would go through the gatea of doatli, I think, to make my escape.' IIo fiiiBhod anothor glanco upon hor from his bright bluo oyos. ' Como, then,' ho said ; ' wo have no timo to loso, and thero is but ono way. Tlio doors and gates are barred nnu bolted, and Mother Gwynueth and hor blood-hound aro playing soutinol. Wo muBt go down by the ivy.' Maggie started in surpriso, and grow a shade paler as she glanced down tho dizzy distance. ' Thero'B no danger,' replied tho Btranger, encouragingly ; 'if you will only trust me, I will save you. Come I' Ho held out his hand, and Maggie drow near. 'Now you'll have to oling to mo with all your strength — liore, this waj', so that I can ubo my hands iu descending, and do not fear ; you look liko a bravo girl.' She permitted him to claBp hor oloso, while sho'twiiied hor arms about liia stul wart shoulders. Ho was just on tho point of springing through (he window, when sho uttered a quick cry 1 ' Oh, I had forgotten 1' sho exclaimod ; ' how utterly selfish I aui in my eager ness te save myself. Thero is another prisoner in this old castle — away dowt in the old donjon keep, tlio Earl of Strath Bpoy lies dying. Wo must save him — 1 won't leave him behind.' Tho young man turned and facet? hor, a curious expression in his eyoB. ' What do you say ?''he criei ; ' tho Earl of Strathspoy a prisoner lio.'o f' ' Yob — hiB own son, or tho toy rather, who has boon roared as his son,, lured him hero by a false lettor, aiiH.ccJiod ilirn iu the. dr. tjjirLl' i'o clui, Provid&nco; sent me down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him.' 'And why Bhould thiB boy luro hia fathor hero, and leave him to die ?' ques tioned tho stranger, a alight tremor run ning through his dear voice. ' Tho earl Buspects that tho boy iB not his son, aud talks of renouncing him, and the young man wants to murder him, aud aecurothe earldoui.' For tho apace of an iiiBtunt the young linn stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, clear-cut face. ' Well,' he ejaculated at last, 'of all strango things, this is the strangest, tho Earl of Strathspey incarcerated here by liiB Bon aud heir. I can scarcely believe it.' ' It is true,' oried Maggie, e.igorly ; 'and he will die — ho looks like death now — and I have carried him no food Binco morning. Oh, air, can't you help me 1' 'Of courae I will — I'll rouse the officers of the law, and ransack thia old ghoat neat from top to bottom ? ' ' But every moment ia preoioua,' inter posed Maggie ; ' the young Lord Angus, as he iB called, fulsoly enough too, for 1 haye the proof that he is no son of the earl.' ?'What, you have the proof 1' ?'Ye8 — I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the flan nel mnntlo worn by that poor littlo bubo thut was found, on tho Tyrol mountain — tho writton proof that ? ' ' HiBt I' cried the young man, catching at her arm, ' there's a carriage bolow — put out your candlo, quick I' Maggie darted across to tho cornor in which tho candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turned .to the window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehiole containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravol walk. In a second they paused at thegreat gate, and ono of thorn le aped out, and proceeded to unlook it. Maggie had a fair view of the other as lie Bat in tho white moonlight. 'Oh, heavens 1' sho whispored, her cheeks paling with torror, 'it is Lord Angus, tho earl's son ; wo aro lost 1' 'Nay,' replied tho Btranger, 'not lost yot, See, they havo entered — Mother Gwyimoth's blood-hound bida them wel come. Coino 1' He clasped her firmly with one arm and approached the window. - » ' Iiu', tho earl ?' gasped Maggie, shivor ing with terror, n.- «ho heard the fierco baying of the beaBt holow. - ' I'll aavo him,' replied the young man, quietly; 'but you, must bo got into a safe place first. Come — the moments are precious.' Aud clasping her onco more, lie leaped lightly through, the window and swung himsolf out. ; , - , i, ... : . OUAPTEU LXVIII. THE I'lBHMlT's UAVJS, 'Now cling to me with all your might,' lie said, gently, 'and doii't, look down ; keep your eyes on tlio moon. Poor little dove, do uot trbuiblo so' ; I'll not let you fall.' lie swung himself out,, holding on to tlio window-sill, and Maggui uliuiped him close with h r lithe, young arms, her wide, brown eyes fixed upon the white Septem ber moon, dropping slowly out of sight behind thu Scottish liilla. Down ho wont, swinging himself from ouo twisting vine to another, never for ono moment loosen ing his lirm clasp. Magfjio could feel his heart throbbing wilhgi-e.it boundw, and hear liim breathing in gasps, so tromend oub was his exortiou. Higli followoliip begets love, it is .-uid, and I tl.ink theold doctor's fair duughtor verified the old saying, in hor hazardous descent thut night. : If sho did not love Hub bravo young Btranger, who hold her bo firmly in his arniB, and risked his life fur her sake, with ovory breath ho drow, her heart wui. filled with a boundless gratitude, Down and down, from on:- gnarled vino to an other, past tho hoaiy battlements, past the mulhoned windows, now suspended in mid-air, anon sliding down tho rugged rock, ducoived by a treaeheroua hold, but safi)',at last. Maggie'*! fool touched the crisp, brown ' 61 the blighted huuth, : at the .baoo oi h Teat tower ; her brave knight relaxed «;wf.av.!w ' I his firm clasp, reolcd for a moment, pant ing and gnsping for breath, find then Btood nobly eioct. ' Oh, what Bliall I over do to ropay you ?' began Maggio, in her t;ratitudo, but lio out hor short. ' Hush,' ho said, grasping her hand ; ' wo shall havo tho blood-hound at our hoelB. Como 1' ! Ho hurried her across tho heath, round tho skirt of thu fir thickot, and undor tho bane of tho mountain, toward tlie cavern known as tho ' Hermit's dave.' Tho entrance was inlesciibaMy gloomy in tho fitful light of tlio Betting moon ; a great, yawning chasm opening undor a rooky roof, curtained by blaik fir- branches and rank growing vinos. Ho Biniled down upon her as thoy nonrod this dismal ontrnnco, something unutterably tondor and reassuring in his bright, resoluto oyos. ' Don't bo afraid, littlo one.' he said, kindly; ' you have boon very bravo to night. Wo are safe now-r-a friend of mino livos in thia gloomy cavo — a good and wiso old man,- whoso Hospitality wo must Bharo -.o-niglit. You can trust mo, cuu you not ?' ' I can sruat you,' 8aid Maggio, quietly. Ho led her on through a kind of rocky tunnel, dark and damp, whioh lod at last into n wide, rovorborating cavern. Away at Iho remote end a tapor glimmered, and us thoy drow noar. . -ncLceived a littlo Bquaro soTrfp'nrtmeut, foriiieu 1 '» tt turn of the tavern, fitted up as a 1\'. dwelling. At their approach an oldJC,^1' wearing the garb 'of /an anciont irohk* with a black cowl on his head, u1^ white, flowing beard, appeared in *ho entrance. \ 'Who cornos?' ho demanded, 1 voice awakening a thousand sepulc-, al ochoes. ? ijiii 'A friond,' responded the (youn ? I man. i 1 At tho sound of liia voioe tho liorinit ' advanced (o meot them. ' You Aro woloomo. niy son,' iiy 1:i;j . then hin bye ialling on Maggie, *vht-cjUw 0 to hor doliveror's arm half in torri . jg added, ' You have succeeded, If oomo, my child,' extending iiis hii hor, 'the hermit bids you i-.wolWRijV- ? . ) _._.HelciJi,Jei;T!ito hia rude littlcH«'-iplo,j and. seated her on tho bonch bifori tha 1 wood fire that blazed iu ono cornir. ' I 1 'You aro white and cold ' le i,aid,\ , turning'to a Binall tablo, mid pourijg somo\ wine from a llaak, 'drink this, it vill do| you good.' Maggio obeyed, and felt the rare old vintage tingling through her ohillud veine, und bringing a clow to' her cheeks, . '? And you, my son, continued lliohw - mit, turning to tho young man, ' look worn out — u drop will reiiow your ' strength.' But tho young man shook his head. ' No wine for mo,' lie said, amiling, ' but a glass of cold water, if you plenso — and five minutes to breatlio in, thou I muBt leave this young lady in your »ve, and bo off again — tho Earl of Strathspey is a prisoner in tho old donjon.' : The hermit turned in amazement. 'Tho Earl of StrathBpoy a priBonort How can that be ?' ? l ' Tho man who beara Iub name, whq has boon roarod as his son, baa confinod him there to die. \ ' And whorefore ?' 1 ' To seouro the oarldom — tho earl doubted that he was in truth hiB son, and talked of renouncing him.' For a minute tho two looked into o&oh; other's oyos, and than the hermit laid his hand upon the young man's shoulder. 'I seel' ho answered, solemnly; 'Romulus, my son, Heaven's juBtice may be slow, but it is sure I' The young mau sat silent an instant, and then lie aroBO. ' I niUBt not delay,' he said ; ' every moment tolls, and tho oarl must be rosoued this night.' ' Why not call out tho proper authori ties, and have the ruins Bearolied ?' sug gested the hermit, 'That would take timo in this wilder ness, ' repliod tho othor, ' aud tho earl's onomiea would bo protty sure to murder him while a pair of officers are pounding at tho gatoB. No ; I'll try it myself. I'vo climbed tho tower twice to-night, and I'll make iho third attempt. I can get on bettor without help than with it.' He Btarted down-tho cavern, and then turned back abruptly. ''If anything should befall rao,' ho said, coolly, ' and I don't return, you will sue that this young lady is restored to hor frionds 1' 'I will,' replied tho hermit. 'But, my sou, do not rashly throw away your life.' . 'I bIiuII save .the earl, and myself too, I if posBiiile,' wns, his quiet answer. 'I think I'm a match for Moihei' Gwymieth and all hor emissaries, the blood- houiid included.'.' He look u short knife from a crovico overhead, and put it in his bolt aa lie Bpoke, '.'.Mujigib watched him, with.whitoning ^lio'uks. dier vory lioart Binking within her. ?She arose, aud oxtondod her hand, ; ' You risked your life to save mo,' alio faltered, ' and I have not even thanked you— und now ? ' ?; ' My success in saving is araplo.ro wnrd,' lie replied, taking her trom bling hand, und retaining it in his firm clasp. ' You are not afraid to ro nmiu'hero?' -lie added. - ' Why do you tremble ho ??' 'Not afraid— oh, no, not for myself — but. for your safety,' alio murmured, 1 dipping her eyes' shyly beneath his giize. . A sudden light Hashed oveiv.her hand somo face, and he. raised the littlo hand lie -held' to his lipa, with grave roverencn. I 'Do not foar,' he replied, gently ; ' I shall come to no harm. Farewell I' Ho turned agaiu to go,- but looked back, struck with a sudden romembraiico. j 'You Biiid you had proof,' he said, ' that this man who bears tho earl's name iB not his son. May I aak what proof 1' Maggio resumed her Boat, and, with n deprecating glance,, and a movement of exquisite graoe and modeBty, romoved tho boot from her dainty foot, and extracted the yellow paper from ita hiding placo be neath the lining. ' I put it thero for Bafe_ keeping,' bIio explained, ns alio handed it to tho young man. ' ' I hud only found it when I wus dru^god and forced from homo.' Ho ran it. over with bin keen bluo oyos, a hot fluiih mounting to his chooks. Thou he passed it to tho liorinit. ' Littlo girl,' ho aaid, turning again to Maggie, ' I thiuk there is aomo power, higher aud more diviue than nieio clmnco, it work for us all to-night. You will think ao to, by and by. Good-byo.' And, with a bow and smilo, ho dis appeared, and Maggio was left alono in tho horniit's cave. To bt continued. 