OLLA PODRIDA. SATURDAY, 26TH JANUARY. Caledonian Sports Meeting. — On the Melbourne Cricket Ground.. Victory liicycle Club Races.— At Brunswick. NEXT Monday the trouble will commence again over the V.lt.C. Autumn Meeting by the weights for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup being declared. THERE was a very pleasant 1 ttle race meeting atJWyndham last Saturday.the most noteworthy episodes being that Walter Hickenbotham pulled off the double with Coronation, Dickey Walker piloting the son of Swiveller on both occasions. IN connection with the Oakleigh Park Races today, special trains will, as usual, run from Flindersstreet to the racecourse siding, but the horse train will start from Princes' Bridge Station. ON last Friday afternoon there was a scene on the East Melbourne Cricket Ground that would have done Mr. Spalding's heart good—or else have made him gnash his .teeth and cuss. A band of Thespians, reinforced by several crack -cricketers, and coached by Harry Simpson, met an Albert Park baaeball team in deadly conflict. The senior member of the famous triumvirate bossed tbe tragedians, and Mi*. Milford gaffered the Yanks. There was some powerful hitting —at the air—and those balls that weren't missed were caught with lots of style. Jimmy Moore pitched for the play-hactors, and put 'em in so hot that the boys on the other side didn't want much to do with them. Jimmy also shone with the bat. C. Cogill pasted the ball all over \- - 'VaM S'itme aioWiiB flhetstftrie. tieo^Wi^^^Ml^ro^lll^WiWatookiirfloaiy^ but hewhaMMthe sphere no wand then and made a neat left-handed stop in right field. George's brother shaped well, too, and Burton played first base in faultless style. The Almanac was up iu the rules and did some good work for his side, and Manning would have made a"home-ruu"if he hadn't been put out at the plate. Burton got clear around on one stroke and Harry Simpson made a beautiful clear run round the diamond. The Thespians won hands down, but Milford and Graham played well for the losers, and with a more reliable catch on first base they would have showed up better. There was a good " house," but no bouquets. Wejbelieve the victors, puffed up by success, are seeking new conquests, and the trouble will come off presently. IN the course of his remarks last Friday evening Mr. Victor Cohen, manager of the New South Wales team, remarked that if there was one thing more than another the N.S.W. Association could pride themselves on it was their consistency. To which I was prompted to reply:—'• Hear, hear! That's one thing I always admire Charley Bannerman for—be is so consistent I" Which caused some people to laugh immoderately. Now there's one member of the Victorian Association who cannot be complimented on his consistency. After being one of the most bitter against the M.C.C. on the Association, as soon as the bait of a visit to Sydney is held out by that body, he turns-about-and- wbeels-aboutand-jumps Jim Crow, yaffeling the tempting morsel dangled in front of him for all the world like a Murray cod scoffing a boiled yabbie. It regularly knocked me, and so I turned to Sir Oracle to see what he had to say about the matter. And, speaking of the departure of some of the M.C.C. team to Sydney by the limited express oh Monday last, this is how lucidly Ihe matter is placed before his 81,194 readeis:—" The inclusion in the party of G. Gordon, who recently as a delegate to the V.C.A., bore a prominent part in denouncing the Melbourne Club for discontinuing these old established home and home matches which the Victorian Cricketers' Association had thrown over, bears further ev dence to the growing feeling tbat the V.C.A.'s ' boycotting' motion is enerally unpopular, and is looked upon with contempt." The first two clauses of that sentence are about as clear as mud. THE claptrap expression, "the very strongest team that could be gathered together in Victoria," has very wisely been allowed to drop into desuetude anent the present M.C.C. martyrs. You know mv opinion of the last job lot, and tbat was that Frank Walters, George Gordon and Mainy Morris should have been included. Well, they are in this time—that's so far; but what price a Victorian team without Drysdale, Over and Lewis ? By-the-bye, I notice Over is very unfortunate in not being able to get away for these M.C.C. matches. And with all tbe special advantages tbe club possesses for getting him leave of absence, too. Perhaps it's a case of " I will not" with both Over and Drysdale. And after friend " Felix's " expression of opinion in the Australasian last week I fancy Tommy Horan is beginning to feel the calm of a chilling doubt as to whether the M.C.C. were really deserving of praise or censure. IT is awfully funny, the way in which the " bummer " strives to keep the unholy alliance between the Melbourne Cricket Club and the New South Wales Association from stinking in the nostrils of the readers of the Age. Last Tuesday appeared the following fulmination, evidently dictated by B. J. W. before he left for Sydney by express the same afternoon:—" The secretary of tbe Melbourne Cricket Club has received a communicatien from the hon. sec. of the Bendigo United Club, arranging a match between the two clubs, and expressing tbe B.U.C.C.'s unqualified disapprobation of the recent action of the Victorian Cricketers' Association, Tbe result of the meeting of players last Friday night, the support accorded the intercolonial match, both by players and tbe public, and the independent action taken by sucb clubs as South Melbourne, St. Kilda, University and Bendigo, indicate clearly the general aver-' sion felt to the act of the V.C.A. and show unmistakably that the Victorian Cricketers' Association is iu its present form an effete and absolutely useless body, devoid of power and not possessing either the respect or confidence of tbe cricketers whom it is erroneously supposed to represent. ' Great Cffisar's ghost I South Melbourne, St. Kilda, University and Bendigo United quoted as being bright and shining lights at cricket! And a meeting of Nondescripts gathered together by Jack Barrett Angus Evans, Frank I Ifo^-Ben Wftt'diliaud Jack Hctfiy^^^tn nwy"Yea^' or - "Nay" to any aetion o T Association. Why, I saw Jack Barrett myself dragging them in from the highways and byewayson Friday afternoon, and remarked to him at the time when he was pressing a young follow to attend, who stated he was no cricketer, " Hello, Jack 1 If that's the style 'fou 'intend packing your meeting to-night I must go and have a look at it." Which I did, and gave them a hit of my mind, too, when they began cackling about the minutes of the Association. I never saw 6uch an un-English proceeding in my life as the way Mr. Kelleber was treated, but they couldn't put him down with clamour and he knocked the " free and impartial" (?) chairman kite-high when he requested him to give tbe name of each speaker, and the club be represented, to the meeting. It was a terrible blow to the "cut and dried" busiuess, because it blew the gaff on the fact that of the minimum of first and second eleven men present the majority were either South Melbourne or St. Kilda—not a solitary member of any other club, save Mr. Kelleber, taking act or part in tbe proceedings. But the " bummer " is completely blind to this apparent fact, as also to another just as palpable—to wit, that some of the Melbourne supporters were evidently primed for the occasion. BOTJ between you, and me the Obstructionist (that's H.H.B.), it's high time—now that there has beeu some interest aroused in the good old summer pastime —that, some steps should be taken to heal the breach between the Marylebone of Australia and the V.C.A. There have been grave faults committed on both sides. The M.C.C. deny that there was any feeling of self - aggrandisement behind their recent action, and state that they did what they did solely in the interests of Cricket. If that be so. now is the time to show it. The M.C.C. will have played their return match with New South Wales (and, as a matter of course got even a worse drubbing than before) ere a week has passed, and for the rest of the season things cricketal will be moribund. Why cannot things be put right, then? If the V.C.A.delegatesdonotrepreseuttbeirclubs, then, in the name of Heaven ! why can't the clubs elect delegates that will ? If Harry Hale Budd is such an obstructionist as some would have us believe why, I am positive he would not be throughly seised of the fact ere he would " stand not upon the order of his going but go at once." But the bald-headed facc remains tbat tbe Victorian Cricketers' Association must be the • governing body of cricket in the colony Granted that the M.C C. is the Marylebone of Australia, the ninth axiom of Euclid is dogmatic—"The whole is greater than its part." If I have occasion to disagree with Mr. Victor Cohen in regard to certain mistakes he unwittingly fell into concerning the minutes of the V.C.A. meetings. I none the less admired the manager of the New South Wales team when he told the meeting his opinion and the opinion of his fellow-countrymen as follows:—" The cricketers of Victoria were in a very peculiar position, inasmuch oe two distinct controlling bodies had been set up for tbe government of cricKet in the colony. It was apparent that the solution of the difficulty was to be found in some combination between the two bodies. A couv promise would be the best thing that could happen. In New South Wales they did not consider it proper to hand over the control of such important events as intercolonial matches to a single body, and he recommended that the leading players and the leading clubs should be brought together to arrange the programme. Cricket, unlike politics, did not require a Government and an Opposition, but it required unity on the party of those who directed it." There you have the whole thing in a nutshell. The M.C.C. have no wish to secede from the V.C.A., or el6e their actions belie them. Therefore, as I said before, remodel the Association if you like—though I much doubt whether there would be any material alteration in its constitution ; but. at ail hazards, have a clear, well-defined report of each meeting entered in the minute book of the Association, a report that can be submitted fearlessly as a true reflex of everything that was said and done, and let us do away with the state of doubt and uncertainty which has of late existed as to what really transpired at meetings of the Victorian Cricketers' Association. RICHMOND have seemingly a comparatively soft thing against University for the Metropolitan Challenge Cup. University made 109 in their first innings and 203 in their second. H. M'Leau being dux with GT, Goldsmith proxhne accessit, with 44 (not out), whilst Francis (212) Gordon (21), Champion (lC)and Quirk (11), also advanced the good cause. Over took four wickets, Haddrick three, Mullett two, and Shaw one. Richmond having compiled 17G in their first innings, they had to get 137 to win, and when stumps were drawn tbev had 79 runs on the board for the loss of one wicket (Ingleton, ;i7), Tatchell and Barnard being not out with 46 and 2 respectively. A RARE good tussle between North Melbourne and Fitzroy, for the Suburban Challenge Cup, resulted in tbe holders (North Melbourne)retaining possession, though by the narrow majority of 26 runs only. In their second innings Fitzroy had 134 to get to win, and although Hayes knocked up 23, Ledernian 21 and Beecham and Bright 33 each (the latter not out), Dick Houston behind the6ticks, withWardrop. Bean, Carlton and Smith to guide the attack, proved irresistible, Houston alone catching two and stumping a similar number. ESSENDON made a worst on record against Port Melbourne, as batting one man (Gordon) short, they got floored by Testro and O'Hara for 6 runs in the first innings, and by Taylor, M'Carthy and Armstrong in the second for 56 runs. As Port Melbourne had scored 147 runs in their first innings, the match consequently resulted in their favour by an innings and 85 runs O'Hara took five wickets for 2 runs, and Testro four for 3" NOTWITHSTANDING the fact that North Fitzroy bad lost three wickets for 15 runs in their second innings last Saturday week, in tbeir match with Ormond for Boyle and Scott's Cup, there was a splendid exemplification of the old adage that a bad beginning sometimes makes a good ending last Saturday, as, thanks to the sturdy defence of Smith, who rattled up 96 (not out), aided and abetted by a 29 from Kelly and 17 from Sparks, when the stumps were drawn they had another wicket to fall and 183 runs on the score 6beet. This, with the 43 advantage they obtained in the first innings, makes them 226 runs with a wicket to fall. Wire in, Ormond ! THE match between the Capulets and the South Melbourne Juniors was continued on Saturday. The S.M. Juniors had made 137 in their first innings and 90 in tbeir second. The Caps, having obtained 220 in their first essay, only required 8 runs to win, and Brown, grasping the situation and his bat at one and the same time, seut the second ball he received a mighty whang to leg and ran the required number in one act, the Capuletsfthus winning by 10 wickets. OLYMPUS. 