LORD RANDOLPH CHURCHILL. (London Echo.) It is perhaps the highest compliment that can be paid to Lord Randolph Churchill, as an administrator, to say that they loved him neither at the India Office nor at the Treasury. Lord Randolph is a vigorous and exacting worker. His appetite for work is only equalled by his capacity for consuming his obligations. He is sometimes said, of course in a spirit of malevolence, to keep a "ghost, and this mysterious aid to the pleasures of acquiring fame easily and cheaply is declared to be the hon. member for Stockport. But Lord Randolph Churchill is the hero of his own epic and the author of his heroics. Mr. Louis Jennings is a very able man, whose lines of thought and whose faculties of criticism and appetite for work are instinctively akin to those of his leader. 'It is a tradition of the Lobby that he who would get upon the inner track of Mr. Chamberlain's mind should talk to Mr. Jesse Collings. - Mr. Collings is the epitome of the greater thoughts and purposes of his chief. Mr. Jennings understands the noble lord, to whose fortunes, for good or ill, he has allied himself, better that is to say, more exactly and expressively than any one else in the House of Commons, but he wisely believes that, so far as " ghost in for him is concerned, every ass should bear its own burden. The noble lord, for his part, is equally shrewd. Recognising the axiom that no man can be a hero to his valet, he refrains from appearing before his followers in his pantaloons. He makes his own political toilette, dreams his own schemes, forges his own surprises, marshals his own arguments, weaves his own epigrams, points-aye, and very sharply points, too his own epithets. There lies the secret of his success in the House of Commons and upon the platform, and there also is the meaning of the terror which he inspired as Secretary for India, and again as Chancellor of the Exchequer. To him Parliamentary tradition is akin to Talleyrand's estimate of the service of a treaty. The finger- posts of party are useful, but' they are not intended to regulate the pace at which an adventurous horseman shall ride. Hence we have had the famous declaration that a Minister is not to be held bound by peculiar utterances suggested by the peculiar circumstances of six months ago. Hence, we have had the Dartford programme, the Birmingham programme, the "Walsall programme, with blank pages between for the piquant lectures, the rough admonitory warnings, which have in the interval been addressed to those who are titularly responsible for the Tory party. Finally, we have had Lord Randolph's merciless defiance of the routine of departmental life, his contempt of permanent officialism, his caustic * Treasury " Minutes" official revolutions in their reactionary sweep ; his famous descent upon Somerset House,, and his inflexible, inexorable order to the fossils -the official stalactites whom he found there obstructing progress, to be gone to take their retirement allowance and die as quickly as possible for the accommodation of the taxpayers, upon whom they had been a burden too long and lastly, his sacrifice of place and dignities on a point of financial reform in the two great spending departments of the public service-a point of public necessity-since amply, and fully vindicated by the various Select Committees and Royal Commissions that have sat upon the subject. 1 To-day Lord Randolph Churchill says practically where he sat him sixteen years ago, when as " the member for Woodcock," to recall an amusing lapses language of Mr. [Jacob Bright, he entered upon a public jCareen Personally, physically, Lord Randolph is still, to the outer sense of the eye, the same young member for Woodstock who lounged into the chamber, pale and languid, and began his Parliamentary career t z an eccentric mannerism which has 'attracted almost as much notice as Mr. Gladstone's collars. He still lounges, he is still pale, he still has his mannerism. Only the space of the gangway intervenes between his present corner and his old corner. It seems, moreover, but yesterday that he rose to address the House on the annual motion for the extension of the franchise in Ireland. His father, the Duke of Marlborough, was _ then Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland ; and sitting where they sit to-day, jeering much as they jeer to-day, sat the nucleus of that revolutionary band whose dangerous schemes ' Lord Beaconsfield showed that he foresaw in the famous letter to his Grace. Many things obviously have happened since then. Up to that time Lord Randolph had been six years in Parliament. He had not taken a prominent part in its debates. He had preferred to sit and watch events, to study public polity, to criticise his political friends rather than their opponents. He found in those whom Mr. Disraeli had "educated" up to a certain point a more profitable subject of study than those whom Mr. Disraeli afterwards described as a " row of extinct volcanoes." In this Lord Randolph, though keeping his thoughts to himself, taking counsel of not a living soul, was steadily framing and cementing conclusions, sketching new departures," and rounding off that revolutionary Tory creed which was destined eventually to be known as a Tory Democraticpolicy. The instinct of a nation sometimes expresses itself in. a single individual Lord Randolph Churchill would not pretend to claim for himself the distinction of being at. work' conceived by (Providence and sent by the genius of the nation to work out the nation's destines ; but he may at least claim to have interpreted in a very striking, and intelligent form the inchoate, undefined, and in expressed de ores of the nation. A Tory Democratic Bhibboieth which offers political and social progress coupled to Imperial integrity and protection for individual interests is a reasonable thing enough, being in point of fact nothing more than Radicalism without Communism, Federal independence without Imperial disintegration. The alternative to this national policy is, as Mr. Courtenay well puts it national "vivisection." From "'1883 to 1885 Lord Randolph locked-out his dream of the unorthodox and truly unconventional and almost unheard-of method of attacking his own leaders, ridiculing their methods, and lam- proving their followers-his colleagues. Although sitting nominally as the sharp- shooters of the Tory Opposition, the Cir- cassias ever playing upon the flanks of the Ministry, the " Fourth Party," under the individual direction of its leader, at all events directed its best energies to correct- ing the inherent vices of the old Tory system, and weeding out those whom his Lordship pleasantly, if euphemistically, described as " the old gang." The break- down of Mr. Gladstone's Ministry, under the incongruous weight of Mr. Childers' Whisky Budget brought the noble lord for the first time into a defined position. Next, the Government of 1886 was framed very largely upon his model ; the old gang was broken up, and distributed largely in the Upper House, where it could neither do harm not good. He himself had shown, at the India Office, that a great Minister might be found in a man who had never enjoyed ten minutes of previous administrative practice. As Chancellor of the Exchequer, his career, with its direct lessons, its comple- ment of usefulness, was summarily nipped in the bud. But, though no longer responsible for a single department of the State, Lord Randolph has contrived to make his influence felt in every department, and undoubtedly he can claim to be a potent factor in the Government of the country, though no longer in office. His success lies in the simple fact that he has a pair of keen eyes in his head and a shrewd understanding of , what is wanted by the nation. He is not divided by such a very wide or deep gulf from Mr. Gladstone. He is distinctly progressive, but he is a safer and straighter guide than the Separatist leader, and that, no doubt, constitutes a considerable difference. As a debater, Lord Randolph Churchill may be assigned a very high place in the rank of practical rather than emotional orators. He is essentially a shrewd and instructive critic. In several respects he resembles Lord Beaconsfield in his choice of language, which is always up to the requirements of the hour or the occasion. He has contributed quite as many memorable phrases to the text- book of happy thoughts. His description of Mr. Herbert Gladstone as "the youthful Hercules" will live like his happy flour at a statement by Sir W. Harcourt, describing it as " a wilful diffusion of error upon a matter of fact" Lord Randolph is undoubtedly a wit and a humourist, but his wit differs from Sir William Harcourt's in its visible lack of time of appreciation. Sir William's rests, on the other hand, are invariably heralded by an anticipatory expression of their author's enjoyment of his cleverness. His face reddened and broadens into a Palstaflian smile and the raucous voice chuckles and choruses as the mountain of cacophony gestures the epigram conceived in the New Forest, and nursed and saddled and reserved for the House of Commons or the platform. Lord Randolph Churchill's cynicism protects him from satire and disappointment, and he sits upon his back bench as composedly as if he had never sat upon the front one. But a day will come A. K. 