MOUNT JUDRAH NEWS. ??.??...-:?-!??? Tsbom oua oorubbpondehtO '.\,-! ' 'K6v.,'8.iiA sensational yarn has beeti oiroulating ''I' ?, pretty. freely amongst our community during the ! piist.fortnlght, and no doubt tho affair has travollod 1 blsowhero, so 1-nwy as wollrolatoiwhat yourBeribo ' aaw/ as also' my opinion on tho'- matter. One ., evening tho occupants of a house at'a certain point ? on the main Wugga and Adoleng road wore Borne : what startlod by a magnificent light shining on a ? ' hill oloso by. Two non-suporstmoua people, alter a 'moment's reflection, made haste to tho scono, ' falling over logs and boulders on their way, and ' when within about 150 yards of the wondorful ' ' light it suddenly vanished. A diligent Bearch was made, but nothing was found to solve tho mystery. \- Aa usual in similar casos/it was termed tho '? ? 'ghost.' Sevoral nights following ' Will o1 tho ' Wisp ' appoarcd each night iiloro brilliant. ' Those who witnessed the affair told wonders to others,: ' who mostly discredited tho talo as being connected with tho spiritual world. On the fiiurth night a party of ub laid wait for tho ' Light ' to appear. ' We had not long to plan what wo would do, for allatbncowe wore dazzled by a most brilliant ? light. Two of us made tracks for the .' Light,'i and when within 100 yards it suddenly disappeared. ' Soon 'eight of tho party, with mutches, woro ?'? fossioking for itoms, but failed to find anything to : - ' -throw light on tho matter. Next day one of our ' ? party 'visited tho scene and discovered a certain -'.'??' '^iteni; which' caused tho ' hoax ' to be completely ?.?j»W..Wfirpaaa;.-1SufBee it tb'eay- that-ghost Venturers^ : ' ' ahould'hot leave twine hanging1 on trees. ? '?'?' ?- /Shearing is In full swing in 'this neighbourhood. ??'?'- 'Eleralio Bhed has 18 men en ihe .board! and ''should the weather be favourable will cut out in 13 days, Richardson's, Hillas' oreok, shed will cut out in 10 ' days: Grain's, Mount Adrah station, will also ho ? finished in 9 or 10 days. On the wholo the clip is good,- Messrs, Franklin and Geary passed through last evening loaded with wool, eti route to Wagga. ' Tho'Chinese tobacco growers'are still ongagod transplanting the young toots,' which will all be planted' in two or threo days. Our tobacco material producors are complaining bitterly at the low prloo of tobacco leaf, viz., 3d to 4d per'lb. Colo, Ryan and .Pastrelli aro getting things In applo-pio order at their roef. Next week under hand: stoplug will be commenced at tho 80 feet ... .. lovol, ... , Tho past 10 days' weather has been . very hot, . Flies, especially tho dreaded housekeeper's hlaw flly, aro something terriblo this soason. - - A larco number of shearers arc daily- passing through the Mount, 