THE CHOWN PRINCE OF AUSTRIA, Many confliction statements are current re- specting t be circumstances of Prince Rudolph's deatu. The following narratives supply the details of the versions most widely circu- lated : HOW TUE PRINCE WENT MAD. Prince Rudolph had been for the last three years at least living in a bad way. HÍB dis- appointment at having no son first estranged bim from bis wife, sod bis infidelities com- pleted tuc separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so at- tached, were leading a cat-and-dog life. The Pricoe took to drinking in excess. Of slight build and nervous, lymphatic temperament, highly imaginative and excitable in character, ho could not stand thu use of wine. Re lost interest in his literary pursuits and artistic studies and was always eraring for excitement. He did mad things, and wheo oat bear shoot- ing or deer-stalking was frequently seen with flushed face. He took pleasure more and more in loose society, aud became emittcn with fondness for ghost stories and spiritual- ism, and was haunted with fear that he might become iike Louis II. of Bavaria. He had au intriguo with a Baroness, Marie Von M-, a youug lady 21 yearsof age,one of the beautieB of Austrian society. She belonged to au old Czech family, and was the niece of a well known Austrian sportsman. The acquaiu tanoc between the Baroness and the crown Prince bugan some months ago. This in- creased thu estrangement between Prince Kudolph and Princess Stephanie, bis wife, and the Prince scarcely made a seoret of his determination to obtain a divorce. He counted confidently upon receiving the assist- ance of the Emperor, on acconnt of the dis- appointment experienced by His Majesty when tbe doctors certified that the Crown PrincesB could not have further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappoint- ment, however, tbe Emperor point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he un- doubtedly is, very muoh attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his son for his un- natural conduct. On Sunday, January 27, there was a terrible scene between the Prince and his wife. Princess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, and the Prince taunted her with having no soo. The Emperor bad to interfere. He told the Prince that he would appoint him as Governor of Bosnia, and oblige bim to go and live at Serajevo. "There," he said, "you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end of all these sondais." At the same time tbe Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with ber husband. The Crown Prince was seen for the lost time in public at thc I'rincesa Kc uss reception on that same Minday evening. He was then wearing the Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and somewhat flighty. Kext morning his father Bent for him and repeated what be had said tbe pre- vious oay, but with more peremptoriness, adding tlint he would give the Priuoe a week to make his submissiou and promise to lead a better life, friucu Rudolph got very angry, and left his father without kissing bis hand, according to the Austrian oustom. Striding away to hie apartments he took off bis uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, sent cutes to Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of day's shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling io a two-horse cab, driven by a man named Bratfisch, a noted Binger of comic songe. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count HoyoB, and steadied hie nerveB with a good deal of champagne. At first he was ia very tow spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to sing to bim. The Prince and Count Hoyos and Bratfisch remained together until three in the morning, but during the intervals between Bratfisch'e songs the Prince several times left the dining room and went to the Btudy to write letters, which were afterwards found on bis desk. At three a.m. this eiugular company sepa- rated, on the understanding that the Prince would go out sbuotbg at nine o'clock in the morning. TBE flAMEKBKFEK's STOUT. From thiB point the stories differ, some telling the gamekeeper's story, and making the giri who committed suicide not the Baroness von M-, but another young lady of Austrian aristocracy, but of portuguese extraction, and of fierce temper. She, it is said, drove to Meyerling on Tuesday afternoon, the day after the Prince's departure from Vienna. She had been out shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while the two were in a warehouse together. Ou reaching Meyerling she insisted upon seeing the I'rioce. The in- terview quite aauervea him. She stormed and wept and declared that her Bbame would soon become public, and ended bysaying that uuless the Prince would take her openly uuder his protection and elope with her for a few weeks of foreign travel she would oommit suicide. The Prince was so frightened that be dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed that she should remain for the night at Meyerling. She wats accordingly installed in the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named Gratichaat. At night the Prince clipped ont and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to see his sweetheart. At this hour an under keeper called Weedrlng was going his night rounds of the castle grounds. Weedrlng had orders to call the head-keeper at aix o'clock, and at the hour appointed be went to the lodge and knocked at the door. He was carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun slung over hi» back Suddenly while he knocked at the front door he heard a window at the side of the house open and somebody jump out. Having no idea that the Prince was in the house he ran round. Ho saw a man scampering in the dark. He shouted " stop !" and the next instant fired. The man dropped, hit io the shoulder. Weedring hurried up, and the Crown Prince, struggling to bis feet, gasped ont " I am the Archduke Rudolph. I am hit. Lead me to the Schloss." The Prince swooned just as he reached the window where the girl, whom he had left a few moments before, waa standing, Weed ring appears then to have called out in his distraction that he bad killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew with a dismayed shriek, and swallowed the contente of a bottle of poison which she had brought with her. It is not certain whether the Prince knew what she had «one. The only sure thing is that, recovering quickly from his swoon, he ordered Weedring again to help him to walk to the Schloss, and gave him strictest injunctions to hold his tongue. The Prince then went home. Shortly after he was found lying dead, drenched with blond. He was lying half ont of bed and a revolver was on the floor. BDICIDE OF THE BABONE8S. According to another story the game- keeper's tale ix all false. The truth ia said to be as follows:-The Prince went to Meyer- ling and the Harones Marie disappeared, leaving a note for her mother in which she said she was going t<> drown herself. Terri - tied, the mother instantly went to Count Taaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promiied to cause inquiries to be made. De- tectives were accordingly placed upon the track of the young lady, and the following day they made the discovery that she was staying with the Crown Prince at Meyerllog. Count Taaffe conveyed the information to the mothet, who, on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and kid the matter before him. On returning borne the mother found another letter from I her daughter dated Meycrliog, in «hieb the youthful Baronesa announced that she and tho J Crown Prince had resolved to commit suicide together. The Prince had promised her marriage as econ as he had obtained his divorce from the Princess, and when he in- formed ber that this waa non impossible, owing to the Emperor's ref usai to consent to a divorce, they resolved to commit suicide. This they did on the Wednesday morning in the bedroom of the Prince. When Lnschek, the valet of the Prince, entered the bedroom in thc morning alter having vainly knocked for admittance, he found the bodies of both lovers lying on the bed. Before calling any one he carried that of the Baroness into au adjoining room, so that when Prince Philippe of Coburg, and Count Hoyos on being I summoned by Loschek entered the bedroom they only saw the body of the Crown Prince, I and naturally concluded that it was a simple case of suicide, and was reported to thc Em- peror, On being informed of bis son's death the Emperor at once suspected the truth, and exclaimed, " I would rather have lott a province than this disgrace should have be- fallen me," A DUEL ANO A SUICIDE. The Rome corrctpoudeut of the Daily Neust says that he had been anle to learn the exact particulars of what had occurred at the Vatican between the Holy See and the Im- perial family of Vienna. On the occasioo of Kudolph's death the Pope received at first a telegram announcing simply the death of the Prince, to which Bis Uo'.ineBS him- self wrote a reply of ¡oat lines, and this for him was an extraordinary thing to do, as he baB the greatest difficulty in holding his pen. The following day there came a long telegram from vienna explaiuiug the whole circumatancee of the case, from which it appearod that thero had been both a suicide ana a duel. The difficulty therefore arose to decide whether the Arch- duke ehould hav« a religious burial. According to'canonical law suicide being considered in the light of madnsBs, a religious Bervice is granted, but not to those killed tn a duel. 1 be Congregation of Cardinals was ¡mme diately assembled by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long dis- cussion the Cardinals came to the conclusion that only one deranged in mind could have entered into such a duel. The natural con- sequence of the discussion was that the necessary permission was granted. The Emperor received the news with the deepest Gratitude, and telegraphed to the Pope that n hit great bereavement His Holiness had spared him ths greatest grief. 