SOur Brisbane Letter,. (aOdM OuB OWN OOREStEPONDENT.) A Quiet Week. Sucn a general stagnation permeates the colony at the present time, that it is no easy matter to fo:sick up even commonplace news, while anytlhing approaching a sensation is altogether out of the question. Tile politi. cal world is almost dead. All but three members of the Cabinet are either stalking the Federation ghost in other colonies or. junketting up the back blocks. Even the IA'Ilwraith-Pattison embroglio, which was sprung upon everyone piping lhot, has . ceased to be talked about, and now that the dead lion has allowed the nessinino magnato of Mount Morgan celebrity to kick him a second time without deigning to retaliate, the 'affair wi'l soon be beyond recollection. A cry has been raised, however, by those who never weary of raising the sectarian ghost, which goes to show the unpopularity of the present Government eis rather on the increase than otherwise. The third appointment on the Civil Service Board has beeoon filled up by a member of the Church ef Roxe and of course this is a sure indica tion that under the regis of the Acting Colonial Secretary, who is another Catholic, all Government servants of the same per suasion are to command the pride of place. At least, so say the gentry who dread contact with anything appertaining to the Scarlet Woman as they would the touchof a redahot poker; and much bitterness is threatened when Parliament re-assembles, althongh in this matter there is very little to affect the Ministry, as their choice is a good one. It is' really astonishing the aptitude they have acluired for putting themselves in opposition to public opinion even upon the most paltry matters. Hero is an instance. For years past it lhas been the practice of the Govern ment to lend the Lucinda to the Evangelistic Choir on Few Ysir's Day for the purpose of feasting the old people at tihe Dunwich Asylum. The expenses were trivial, the presents of tobacco, &c.;, conveyed to the old folks liberal, and they were indiscriminately distributed without creed or colour distine-. tiones. For all that, the Premier, in his wisdom, saw fit to refuse thre application thlis year, and with that hncouth mannerism so peculiarly his own, ie supplemented his re fusal with a rider to the 'effect that thie Go vernmen; were not going to give the choir a jaunt for nothing. This has given rise to a feeling pretty freely expressed that as the choir consist only of Protestant members the Ministor for Works has persuaded Ir. More head to refuse the assistance of the Govern ment. Matters look ominous when every thing political is brought down to a platform of sectarianism. Civil Service Boardl. After much delay and many speculations as to the lucky nominees, the Government have at last filled' up the coveted appointment on the Civil Service Board. On the whole, the members. have been wisely selected and certainly hold out hopes of better things than those ex pected from their brother commissioners in the Railway department, about whom failure even at this early stage of their colonial career is being whispered. Mr. W. L. G. Drew, the chairman, who, by the way, is 68 years of age, was for many years Auditor-General, and has been spoken of by both Parliamentary leaders as by far the best mart inside or outside the service avail able for the post. An Englishman by birth, and a stout pillar of the Anglican Church, whilst holding practical common-sense views, he is accredited with possessing a backbone which will secure him a free hand in his official duties in dependent of all parties. In his earliei- days he was a paymaster in the navy, and acquiredaconsiderable banking ex porience in New South Wales before attach ing himself to red tape. Tall and spare to a fault, with his shrewd, kindly face, he is quite a prominent figure in .town, and as a company man he is quite enjoyable. The second commissioner, MIr. Thomas Mylin, came out to the colony an Edinburgh writer, and finding the courts would not allow him to practice he joined the professional branch of the Registrar-General's department in 1864, where he has remained ever since. At the time of his appointment to the present office he was head of the Real Property Office as registrar of titles. He bears the reputation of being a strong party man with somewhat narrow views, and owes his promotion more to thoe accident of birth than any special ability. Mr. O'Maller has had a large and varied experience in Queensland, being altcrnately police magistrate, warden, mineral lands' commissioner, and northern sheriff. In all thesoe positions he has been recognised as a just, honourable, and able man, incapable of partiality, based on either sentimentalism, friendship,' religion, or politics, and although a cry has been raised that his elevation is due more to a desire on the part of the Government to pander to the Catholics than to'his individual merits, those who best know him feel the appointment is a wise one, justly deserved by long and aruouns services. Gaol Dilscipline. The inquiry instituted by the Government, into the alleged breaches of discipline in the Briebance Gael appears likely to result in no good. Not so much from the non-existence of the abuses complained about, but from the fact that the instigator and prime mover, Howell, being again under a cloud the prisoners who promised evidence have fopund it convenie'nt to know nothing beyond the fact that the rules are always adhered to with strict impartiality and kindly firmness. There is too strong a savour of ofiloialdom to make such testimony from a host of "artful dodgers" of any value. However, beyond establishing'that in one instance a prisoner able to manufacture teeth had been allowed special privileges as a quid pro quo for the profits his peculiar talents secured the gaol chemist, not a single irregularityhas been proved. The authorities are na turally in high glee over this, and their hap. piness is crowned by the fact that Howell, who threatened them with destruction, is once again in their meshes-a hopeful bidder, on this occasion, for a long service term. Neither his experience nor'training, both extensive and varied, as a pressman appear to have done him much good, and, from the light the inquiry has thrown over his previous history during the past two years' there is good rea son for fearing that he is little better than a bad nut. In 1886 he re. coived three years penal servitude for bigamy. Released before the expiry of about half his term, he soon found himself back in his old quarters to work out another six months for false pretonces, and before completing that sentence he received a third term for inciting a riot in geol. This brought him to the end of 1887, or begin ning of 1888, when he settled as a stranger "honoured in the land" in Queeneland, and for upwards of fifteen months the sun that shone on him by no means had an equal kindliness fob those who had purchased such immortality as the history of Bananaland would be likely to afford them. Right and left hlie found dupes ready to part with their guineas for a few hlines, if over written, from the facile pen of Edward fhowell, so that for a time the pace was rapid, the fun merry, and "' Howell's wives" became a by-word amongst those honoured with his intimate acquain ane.. But at last his success carried him over the right side of the law, and after drawing upwards of a hundred valueless cheques, the majority of which he certainly took up as funds came in, the police got hold of seven of his drafts, and in April last he was once more sent to gaol. for six months. There he worked up the charges he hias brought under the notio of. the Government by means of the T'elegs'aph, and one would suppose till ,at least the windup of the enquiry he would keep clear of the law. But not so. From the first day of his release, last month, he has been cir culating his cheques as plentifully as before. So tihe police had no dificulty in putting tliheir hlands on himn g.in, and if the defence he has raised breaks down a term of penal servitude will mnost likely he his fate this time. lis deofence is an ingenious one, ox. pressive of the wretched man's ability. Every one of the dishonoured cheques have teen post dated, a fact which possibly will provide a loophole for escape, as it enables him to say that instead of being drafts, they are simply promissory notes recoverable in the Oivil Court instead of being matter for a criminal prosecution. Tile Bunya Terror. Another gentleman very much on hand of late, and upon whom also the strong arm of the law has recently been fixed, is Johnny, the South Sea Islander, spoken of for some months past as tlhe Bun. yah terror. When this half-starved specimen of humanity, weak with exposure, stooped with ago, and scarcely able to drag one foot after another, appeared in the police court last week, there was so little of the "terror" about him one might almost have supposed he was some imposter endeavouring by a counterfeit to secure an asylum for his few remaining years. It seemed almost in credible thatsuch a man could defy for even a week, let alone upwards of three months, a body of more than twenty men, commanded by one of the smartest police sub.inspoetors, and comprising some of the best mounted constables and trackers in the colony. Yet such was the case. For up. ward :of three years the "terror" had been marauding the settlers of the 'Bunyah district unchecked. If anyone.nppeared on the scene in the midst of his depradatiocs the intruder was promptly knocked on the head, whilst after the outrage and murder of little ,Mary BLaker last year, whom it was generally supposed met her death at his hands, only thobse living in close proximity were persuaded to send their children to the State school. Virtually he commanded a district of more than thirty miles, as secure in his scrub lairs as if in his native homo. And lhad it not been for lucky accident discovering him asleep under a log as the trackers, after fruit. lessly watching his supposed camp all night, wero returning home, in all pro bability he would be at large today. Not the least amusing portion of his career was his robbery of the police camp. Whilst the whole posse, on one occasion, wore, as they fondly believed, in hot pursuit apon a warm track, Mr. Johnny was quietly esconced in their quarters going throught their swags, and ultimately wa king oftil at his leisure with Inspector Whito's pantaloons and such other articles of clothing deemed necessary for his creature comfort. For once, at any rate, the police were not anxious to have an information laid, and verynaturally, too, but as the "terror" was wearing the inspector's breeches when arrested, they had no chance of keeping the truth scored against them quiet. The whole of the articles re covered would not exceed a couple of pounds in value, but Johnny's capture hes cost the Government at least £300, so that there is not likely to be any effort lost to secure him a substantial sentence. The Great Mount Morgan Case. So far as Queenslanid is concerned the last scene in the famous Mount Mforgan action Meyenberg v. Pattison-was enacted yester day, when permission was given the plaintiff to appeal to the l'Privy Council against the decision of the Full Court. That decided both on the facts and in law in favour of the defendant, Mr. Justice Chubb, in deliver ing the judgment of the court, assumed in the absence of any verdict from the jury that the facts had been found in favour of plaintiff, but working from that position lie found (1) that there was no evidence against the defendants, and (2) that even if there were, the action was barred by the Statute of Frauds. This ruling, not a few lawyers say, will be reversed in London, as within the last three years vro cedents have been laid down in very sinmilar cases which the Court ignored here. That the defeddants should have gained the day in Brisbane came as a surprise to no one, for neither on the bench nor in the jury box was it possible to secure perfect disin terestedness. It was an open secret that ie Meyenberg succeeded, two, if not three, other parties would prefer claims in excess of half a million against some of the directors; and although these actions would not directly affect the company, in crippling, if successful, two of the head directors and largest slhareholders, they would be bound to influence the shares, which at least one of the judges largely held. Public sympathy has been entirely with the old German, who fought such a plucky battle against the richest syndicate in Australia, and recently it has oozed out that, but for one juryman, who was " agin" every part in favour of plaintiff as much as the Irishman was "agin" every form of Government, he would have won the day. The Ship Waverley. There appears to be small hopes of doing anything now with the ship Waverley, which it will be remembered left your port for America a few mdnths ago, and came to grief on the Bill Coy reef shortly after wards. At present only telegraphic and scant news of the iil.fated vessel' has reached Brisbane, but from this it ap pears that after two unsuccessful attempts she was successfully floated on the morning of the 7th instant. Until the afternoon of thie 9th the vessel drifted to the westward under jury canvas, her hull apparently in such condition as led those in charge of her to believe they could bring her down to Brisbane in safety. On the 9th, however, it was evident before mnightfall that the posi tion was a perilous one, so, with the assist ance of her steam tender, she w~s brought to anchor in the passage two miles outside Broad Sound. The tender then leftto fetch the rest of the party engaged in floating the ship at the Cay Reeof. Bad weather shortly afterwards sprung ip to make matters worse, and as the pumps gave out the eleven .men left aboard were compelled to abandon the vessel a second time. She remained afloat until the afternoon of the 11th, in all about 77 hours, when lshe then foundered before there was time to save anything, in about six fathoms. All hands, however, safely arrived at Mackay two days afterwards. Sporting Scandal. , A disgraceful story has come from Bar. caldine about the doings of a couple of pods in connection with the Sheflield Handicap run off in that township on Separation Day. The first prize was of the value of £50, and amongt a considerable number of competitors appeared the name of W. J. Bryan, a com positor in the Rockluhamplon .tBulletin office. The latter had been allotted a 24yds start, having entered with no performances. And, when news was wired down after the race of his win, few expressed surprise thereat. He had left for Barealdine on the previous Tuesday upon a week's holiday, and was expected back on the Wednesday night, but on that day a telegram was received from him stating a protest lhad been lodged against his win, and that in consequence he would not return till the following 'f'uesday. The grounds of the protest were not stated, but late on Wednesday night a second telegram was received from one of the committee in charge of the handicap, stating the winner of the race professed to be Bryan, but that considerable doubts were entertained as to his identity, and asking if assistaneo could be givenr to the committee. A. full description of Bryan was tolographed back early tho, following morning, together with an intimation of the last work he had done before leaving. Other messages pasecd, and the upshot was that Bryan never went to Barcaldine at all, but left tlhe train at some wayside lstation. Alnother mn, said to hail from Sydney and givieg the name of Rolfe, personated B3ryan, started from his mark and. won the handicap with ridiculous ease. When challenged with hIis idontity ho swore on affidavit that he was W. J. Bryan of the Bulletin oflice, and the prize money consequently was paid over to him. When the committee had assured themselves of the fraud an information was sworn apainst Rolfo for perjury, and on the 14th he was arrested for perjury. 