INDIA. AN EPISCOPAL ADMONITION ON PARENTAL DUTIES. The Eight Bev. F. Fr. Pcsci, O.C., Bishop of Allahabad, speaks thus on the duty of parents towards their children, in nis Lenten Pastoral Letter:— There are several false principles, and very erroneous notions, that many parents adopt too easily in order to ease their consciences by trying to shake off their responsibility before God in regard to tbeirduty tbwards their children. One is of opinion that children are good by nature and free from every inclination to evil. " He is but a child," says another, "and knows no better; we must overlook many things in the like of him; he will acquire more sense afterwards, and amend when he becomes older." Some others excuse themselves from correcting their children by saying "That they have not heart to do it; they oannot boar to hear them cry, or to see them afflicted." Very hollow excuses, dearly beloved brethren, when duty is in question. See how the inspired word of God disposes of all such. flimsy excuses, when it says in the Book of Ecclesiasticus: "A child left to himself will become head-strong. Give thy son his way, and he will make thee afraid; play with him, and he shall make thee sorrowful. Give him not liberty in his youth, and wink not at his devices. Bow down his neck while he is young, and beat his sides while he is a child, lest he grow stubborn, and regard thee not, and so be a sorrow of heart to thee." (Ecclus. XXX., 8.) How often do we see these divine oracles verified in the world. Children neglected get into the habit of vice, become obstinate and nndutiful, and occasion many a sore heart to their poor parents; but for this, parents can blame none but themselves. At the dread accounting day they will not be asked; whether they left their children rich, learned, or in a respectable position in society; whether they taught them how to make money, or to heap up riches ; but the great question will be— What has become of their souls P They werei placed in your charge. What aiwrtner will you make to these P From all this you see that your duty as parents are not confined merely to! what is purely theoretical. . It is your business to see that your theory is put into practice. Without this practical, training you cannot expect to have that comfort that you,have reasoin to expect in your latter days if you do not bring them up from their tenderestjears in the love and fear of God; for it is virtue, piety, and the holy fear of God alone that can make children obedient, respectful, and loving towards their parents. Hewho loves God endeavours to,fulfil His holy -will' in all things; but since, the will and commandment of God is " Honour thy father and thy mother,'' it follows, therefore, that a truly pious child will neMessanl^birmotit careful in bbierrin^ thismost iihportantduty. ^oha^hild the Btoly' Ghost •m says by the mouth of the Wise mans "A wise son maketh the father clad."— (Prov. X., 1.) Experience teaches us that holy parents bring up holy children. Zachary and his wife Elizabeth, as St. Luke tells us, " were both just before God, walking in all the commandments and justifications of the Lord without blame." (Luke I., 6.) It is no wonder, then, that they deserve to have a saint for their Eon, vi%., St. John the Baptist, who was the precursor of onr divine Lord. St. Catherine of Sweden, because she was the daughter of St. Bridget, became a saint; as, likewise, St. Henryi the Emperor, because he was the son of St. Stephen, King of Hungary. Queen Blanche, the mother of St. Louis IX., King of France, was a great servant of God, and thus he also became a saint. This good mother used tos«ay to him in his childhood: " My; son, I would rather see you dead and in your coffin than guilty of mortal sin." Another good mother, whose greatest care 'was the sanctification of her children, "used to say to them: " I do not wajftftobe the mother of children damned ih hell." In conclusion, remember, that Jesus Christ pronounces a dreadful woe on any one who scandalises little ones by being the occasion of leading: them to sin. What, then, must beanie woe of parents if,"by their bad example, they scandalise their own children P 