CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The Council met again on Thursday, When the Rev. F. W. Cox proposed a motion adverse tb the capitation grant to private schools. This wag seconded, warmly supported, and unanimously carried. The Rev. J. C. Kirby in a lengthy and able speech, moved a resolution of sympathy with the Women's Suffrage League in their efforts to obtain the suffrage for women. This was seconded by the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, supported and carried. The Rev. J. McEwin moved, ' That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that Christian electors in the different districts com bine to return to Parliament men of sound character and principle.' This was seconded by the Rev. J Howie, and carried. The Council resumed on Friday when Dr. Hannay's proposal to hold a Pan Congregational Conference was considered, and referred to the executive committee. It was agreed to recommend the churches to hold annual Home Mission meetings, to be attended by depu tations from the Council. A proposal to hold a Home Mission Society Supper was carried. The Guild movement was introduced by the Rev. F. Hastings, and discuBsed. No resolution was arrived at. The Executive Committee was instructed to appoint a sub-Com mittee, witha view of co-operating with other religious denominations, with a view to bringing Christian influence to bear on elections to Parliament. It was agreed to recommend the members of the denomination to subscribe to the Australian Independent, and the Young People's Magazine: The Bev. J. C. McMichael was elected a life member of the Council. On Wednesday evening the annual tea and public meetings were held, when the Rev. W. Jones presided. Mr. J. J. Stuckey gave a resume of the annual report. The Rev. F. Hastings spoke in an animated manner on the ' Future of Congregationalism.' The world could not well dispense with this form of Christian faith. It stood for spiritual principles, for the headship of Christ, for the liberty and equal rights of the laity, Congregationalism was a spiritual democracy, and as such was in harmony with the progressive spirit of the age. It fostered the universal brotherhood of man*. The root principle of Congregationalism was government by the present living guidance of Christ, present in those of apostolic life. Congregationalism had filled England, America and Australia with church buildings. It had moulded the social and political life of these countries. It had abolished in Australia State aid to religion. It had modified the policy of other denominations. In England Congregationalism was grappling with the most difficult social problems. It had in it still unexhausted powers. It would assist in the formation of a national, unfettered, spiritual, evangelical Australian church. In the coming struggle in Europe, Congregationalism was prepared to take its part. There was a greater longing than ever for the quickening power of the Holy Ghost, which would fuse isolated eelfishness, and lead to greater unity, and a firmer love of freedom. The Rev. W. P. Jones read a carefully prepared paper on the struggle for disestablishment in Wales ; a topic, however, which had not much interest for an Australian audience. The last speaker was the Rev. E. Hampden- Cook, of Broken Hill, .who gave an interesting account of the history and position of the Congregational Church in the Silver City. On Thursday evening a Communion service was held when the Rev. W. R. Fletcher. M.A., presided. A sermon was preached by the Rev. J. E. Kelly, of Angaston, and several ministers assisted in an interesting service. One of the best meetings of the series was the children's service on Friday evening, when there was a large assemblage of scholars from the city and suburban Sunday Schools. The Bev, F. Hastings presided, and addresses which held the attention of the young folks were given by the Chairman, the Revs. John Lloyd, and J. C. Kirby. Selected hymns were sung by the children. This closed the meetings which on the whole were of more than usual interest. On Sunday last exchanges took place between several of the city and country ministers. 