WANTED A CANDIDATE. To THE EIlTOn,---StR-Certain phrases are tuh glibly off the tobgues of those who speak by rote and do not stop to think. These remarks apply td youtr corres pondents 'Cassiue,' 'Australisti Native' and ' A Radical Natutalist.' Under the above headlng, fheso gentlemen have delivered thediselaves iy an outpour of hysterical entifeses wihict hive drawn heavily on your stock of italics and notes of admiration. To the honor of this army of the anonymous, ' Australian Native' is the only writer, who has made his attack with reason and argument, and endeavored to prove the wrongs we labor under by methods more or less Socratic, but neither calumnioiis or unfair. Not so mach can be said for the other 'Cassius' and ' A Radical Nationalist' have qsed your columns to waylay aid wound Mr. Deakin. Like assassins who put dn masks before they blow up your house with dynam'ite, or stab you in the back in the dark, these writers, crying bravo I and havock I have let slip the dogs of war with a vengeance 'Cassius' relieves hiat overburdened soul by calling Mr. Deakin foul names, and 'A Radical Nationalist' prophesies his eternal doom. The authorship of these tremendous onslaughts on Mr. Deakin, are perfectly well-known among the initiated-to whom alone the names are of value; and no veil is so thick that the true features are not at last made out. ' Fair Play' well guaged the height of these gentlemen in your last issue, and there is no questioning the truth of his opening remarks, in the following passage :-'I fancy your correspondents who aver they are not in the field, are would-be candtdates, who, having felt their way, find they have not the ghost of a show, and now, like the pettifogging attorney, cry 'abuse the other side.' The anonymity of the writers alluded to, are very tflimsy indeed, and you can mark tenm as clearly as a hunter Imarks his goone. Sour grapes and retaliation, are factors in human nature we have to reckeo with: few of us are so far philosophic, as to refrain fromn killing the wasp which stings us, or the midge which bites. Beneath the surface of the written words of ' Cassius,' one easily spells-wounded pride-for the attack on Mr. Deakin is too shameful in its viruleice and too general in its application, to' be marked by any thing but personal enmnity and malicious ness. It is a pity your correspondents do their spiriting under the licence of anonymity, rather than declare their individuality to all men, acknowledging boldly what they write and standing to their guns 'as befits brave soldiers of the truth and right. ' A Radical Nationalist ' must have sketched his letter from the character of Quilp, for with him Mr. Deakin seems to be the figure head of the ship, and comes in for a lot of belabouring, just as Quilp belaboured his fiagre head and called it Kit, by way of exemplifying tle lea talioies we have been taught to abjure. Your correspondent's style is not a cormmnndable way of settling differences of opinion as to the wisdom or otherwise of electing a local candidate. He appears to be one of those men who are always proud to serve as tools to wiser people than themselves, to be made use of by men who laugh at them, who despise them for their folly, and who leave them to roar and bellow non sense to the moon as soon as it suits their purpose. No party, however contemptible or infamous, has ever been in want of a Tommy Townshend, and 'A Radical Nationalist' seems to be the elected Tommy Townshend to abuse Mr Deakin. It is a paltry device. Mr. Deakin is abused for everything. Now, sir, 1 grant everything that has been said concerning the cattle yard nuisance, the insufficient train accom modation, ani miserable stations; but would it have been otherwise even with this much vaunted local candidate systemn of representation. I think not. Mr. Deakin has done his best, and this no unbiassed elector will deny. Mr. Deakin is blamed because we have not a new rail way station at Ascot Vale-sheer rubbish. How the Commissioners can say the traffic does not warrant a now building is a mystery. Ascot Vale is tihe most impor tant station on the lias in point of revenue. My figures are correct. The average monthly takings at Ascot Vale for daily tickets is £700. The average annual revenue for periodical tickets is £1000 No other station on the line can show this income, and further, A.cot Vale has a daily increasing traffic. While Mr. Deakin may press this matter under the notice of the Commissioners, It is idle to blame him for the neglect and whims and caprices of those gentlemen. Sir, stern truths cannot be spoken in honeyed words. 'Cassius' and a 'Radical Nationalist' are playing very much of a games of hazard with their local candidate-or rather by late events, local candidates, in fact sir, so many are announced, that is is a case of one gets one, or every man his own representative. 'Great is Diani of the Eplheaans.' The fiat has gone forth with an uproar. Deakin is to be replaced by a local candidate. Beer is to have its sway. Tihe Tommy Townsheads are abroad with envy and de traction on their lips. Slander is called in on the principle-if your opponent is powerful, he must be made obnoxious; if helpless, contemptible. The odlium your correspondents have tried to heap on Mr. Deakin reminds one of tihe quaint old French proverb, which says: ' He rmust be a gootd Iran, I hear so amuch evil of him.' The calumnies of these gentlemen only point to the jiadicious electors the proper oblject of their gratitude and respect, which, no doubt, will be faithfully be. stowed when the day of election arrives. Your., &c..; ,J. J. REotmDLE, Ascot Vale, 21 I 1 | 89. 