Japanese Superstitions. -■ ■ TnE household superstitions of Japjtn aro very numerous. : They aro harm less, often 'exciting laughter; yet, so entrenched arc they in the'household that religion, argument, oven ridicule, cannot- destroy them. Some of these superstitions have a .moral or educa tional purpose, inculcating lessons of benevolence, neatness, and.habits of cleanliness. A room is never swept immediately after the departure of the inmate, for fear of sweeping but the luck.'' At a marriago ceremony neither the bride nor the groom wears any clothing of a purple colour lest their marriage bo soon dissolved, purple being * colour most liable to fade. If the cup of medicine is upset by accident during the illness of a person it is. a sure sign of his recovery. . This looks ■as if the Japanese had faith in our proverb, "throw physic to the dogs." There are some curious, ideas in regard to the finger nails. They ninst not be cut before starting on a journey lest disgrace fall upon the person at his destination. Neither should they be cut at night lest cat's claws should grow out. Children who throw the parings of the nails into the fire are in danger of some great calamity. If a piece should fly into the fire while cutting the person will soon die. The howling of a dog portends death. If a woman steps over an egg shell she will go mad ; if over a razor it will become dull; if over a whet stone it will break. If a man should set his hair on fire he will go mad. Children are told if they tell a lie an oni (imp) will pull out their tongues. The wholesome terror of the oni, standing ready to run away with his tcngue, has caused many-a-Japanese . youth to speak ■ the truth. The Japanese have a horror of the darkness; they always keep a light burning to ward off ghosts. The junkmen believe in a ghost who comes to them and politely asks to borrow a d'pper. The answer decides the fate of the junk man. If a dipper with a bottom is bestowed upon the ghost he uses it to bail water enough to swamp the _junk, but if the bottom can be knocked out and thrown at him he disappears. In this last case the act must l>e accom panied by an incantation, or the ghost turns into a sea-cappa—a many-clawed monster—who will drag.the junk to the bottom. The Japanese are a gentle sensitive race, very much under the influence of their emotions. Love with them is a serious matter, often one. of life or death. Disappointment in love or desertion frequently ends in suicide. Sometimes the girl becomes an avenger, and implores the gods to curse or visit, with death the destroyer of her peace. The passions "which thrill and torment the human soul are as intense in far away heathen Japan as in those lands which boast a higher civilisation. 