( REVIEWS. I note Trade under Protection. By RiauAnD GILL,. William Blackwood' and Sons, Edinburgh and London... . , Theextjj.'jrdinary development of manufacturing a -industry's,", commercial prosperity which followed the abolition of the Corn Laws, and lasted for fully fifteen years, was one of the most notable phenomena of modern history. The trade of the country went on by leaps and bounds, Nothing like it had ever been known before, and the friends of free trade were as much surprised gs its foes. Opposition to the new policy was ob solutely silenced. The landlords found that their rents kept up, and those who had town lands found their income increased. The rebound after restric- tion was of course too violent to last ; a reaction must certainly have set in sooner or later. The teal, the enterprise, and the accumulated wealth of the manufacturers was bound to outrun the more sluggish movements of the markets of the world, and a success so brilliant was sure to bring competitors into the field. The ifl- Wtionary period is the time for hostile criticisms, and there are now plenty of writers ready to prove that free trade does not mean perpetual prosperity under every variety of conditions, that it does not neutralise the folly of excessive investments, or prevent gluts, or protect the workmen against over- population or want of thrift. These criticisms are very useful in their way because they tend to moderate some excessive estimates, prune down some extravagant statements, and enable careful and philosophic writers to state the free-trade case with the accuracy made possible by the test of adverse circumstances. Amongst the writers who have devoted themselves to reviewing the free-trade policy from the papering landlords' point of view is the author of book before us. He had previously published an inquiry into the nature of the operation of free trade, and has now followed this up by another work, which might with propriety have been styled son Cobden, It is an attempt to moderate the eulogy on that statesman by his biographer. Mr. Gill is thoroughly acquainted with Sir. Cobden's speeches and he revels in extracting passages which he thinks have been disproved by experience, and which stated the economical argument incompletely or erroneously. It is, of course, not difficult to prove that Mr. Cobden was not infallible. It would be equally easy to prove the same with regard to any other great reformer. Cobden had a great work to do. He had to organise the middle classes, to beat down the opposition of the landlord class whose influence was then dominant in the Legislature, and to persuade or silence the Chartists. He had to addis different classes, of people from different points of view, and under this necessity for handling the case with great variety of treatment, he may have been sometimes inconsistent and as he was working his way towards a new and untried policy, his vision of the future was naturally tinged by his own enthusiastic hopes. All great reforms have to be carried in the teeth of violent opposition, and against a dead-weight of indifference and ignorance; and it follows of necessity that there must attach to the movement something in the way of excess and extrava- gance something that has afterwards to be corrected when the time for cold criticism arrives. But, though Mr. Gill delights in the work of this sort, which he finds ready to his hand, there is not, from the first to the last, in his painstaking book, the smallest ghost of a proof that England would have prospered better under the old corn law and the old tariff, that it would gain now by going back to it, or that the work of Sir Robert Peel, Mr. Cobden. Mr. Bright, and Mr. Gladstone has been a disastrous blunder, He looks back, indeed, with a sort of hopeless longing to the days of Mr. Huskisson. whom he satisfactorily proves was not a complete freetrader. No one ever supposed he was but he was a practical statesman who gave political ex| pression to the philosophical studies of Adam Smith. He was a link in the chain, a step in the evolution, and he naturally prepared the ^ way for his successors. Mr. Gill admitting that there were great fluctuations in the price of corn under the operation of the sliding scale, but he ascribed all that to the selfishness of the corn-speculators. He can, however, see no selfishness in landlords keeping up their rents at the cost of the loaf-consumer. Mr. Gill seeks to belittle the benefit derived from free trade by arguing that the resulting prosperity was not due to that alone, but that two other causes operated at the same time namely, the improvement in transit and the gold discovery, and that those two would have done great things, even if the Corn Laws had never been abolished. He regrets repeatedly that those three powerful forces did not operate at different it was, because then we could have traced their effects separately ! but then history does not exist for the sake of obliging students of political economy. No one has ever disputed that the three forces to which Mr. Gill refers operated contemporaneously; but he quite forgets to take the reverse of his argument, and to see that he must not charge upon free trade alone all of the reaction. Another thing that he equally forgets to notice is, that the increase of wheat-growing in other parts of the world would have taken place even if the Corn Laws had not been abolished, No one at the time foresaw this extension; Mr. Cobden himself did not; but the multiplication of railways in America and Western Europe, and also in India, caused a shipment of, wheat to England which would have taken place under any circumstances, and which would take place still even if the Cs. duty were restored. England is the great wheat market of the world, and the English demand would not be reduced even if the duty were re-imposed, The loaf might be made dearer, but the loss would be wanted Still. More wheat might be grown in England and rents might rise again, but the production of the outside world would not be diminished. The rest of the world would not have gone without its railways if England had abstained from free trade. The greatest grievance that Mr. Gill has is that the value of real estate has fallen because farming does not pay as it used to do. This is quite true, but, as we have already pointed out, the competition of foreign wheat would have grown under any circumstances ; what free trade did was to make it more rapid and intense. But will anyone maintain that it is to the interest of England to make food dear simply that farming land may fetch a higher rental? If so, than anything that improved rent would be a blessing to the country. Mr. Gill admits that the war against Napoleon poured money into the pockets of the landlords and farmers. He further admits that the Crimean war was a perfect godsend to both of them, because it shut off for a time the Russian competition, and caused a short supply. Are these wars good things, and would England be better off if it had to face a Napoleonic campaign ' once a century, and a Crimean war every 10 years? It is quite true that the farmers and landlords gain whenever wheat rises ; but, then how many suffer ! Mr. Gill says that it is more important that the labourer should regard himself as a producer than as a consumer, but then it is only the few that produce the corn, in fact it is only the few that produce any one particular commodity, and every married man has, for a large part of his life, three or four non-producers dependent on him. Mr. Gill contends that employment is more scarce now in England than it was before the repeal of the Corn Laws, and that the condition of the labourer, is worse. He can only make such a statement, Sdtiwever, by absolutely ignoring the distress that prevailed before the repeal of those laws. The proportion of unemployed is not greater now than it was then, while the position of those who are employed in incomparably superior. Wages generally have risen, while the purchasing power of the pound is very much greater. Nor are the inequalities of condition worse than they were, though Mr. Gill positively asserts that it is the case. There are more rich men, it is true;' but then there are more well-to-do men, and a very much larger number of persons well protected against poverty. Savings of all sorts have enormously increased, and the income-tax is twice as productive as it was this increase arising mainly, not out of big incomes, but out of moderate ones. It a quite true, as Mr. OUI complains, that other nations have taken to .«.»itWtariBg, being emulous of the prosperity of the -. may 'be . England. But he is forced to admit that they would have done that under any circumstances, he tries, however, to make it an accusation against freetrade that its enormous prosperity stimulated this foreign competition, forgetting that he himself has tried hard to prove that only one-third of that prosperity ought really to be ascribed to Cobden's policy. We strongly recommend Mr, Gill's book to all freetraders, because it will be a very great encourage- ment to them to see the worst that can be said against the broad and comprehensive policy for which Mr. Cobden pleaded with such plain but noble eloquence. Mr. Gill nibbles away at the result from his first page to his last, but, on the whole, he has only gnawed a little from the framework of the picture. The great result stands out clear, bold and imposing. Under the policy of free trade Great Britain has accumulated unexpected and unprecedented wealth, a large part of which has been invested in the improvement of the country, and especially in the improvement of its manufacturing capacity. No doubt its producing power is just now in excess of the immediate demand. Manufacturing capital is not earning its full profit, or manufacturing labour getting its full employment. The demand has been over- estimated, and the provision for supply is in excess. The same thing has happened repeatedly in protected America. Where there is and can be no concert among the producers mistakes of this kind will frequently occur, and no more fiscal policy will prevent it The England of to-day is a different country from what it was when Mr. Cobden took up his parable. If he could come to life again and review the change, while he would be the first to admit that on some points his pre- vision was wrong, he would be more than ever satisfied with the labour of his life. In My Lady's Prahe'i-Heing Poems, Old and New, written to the Honour of Fanny, Lady Arnold, And now collected for her Memory. By Sir EDWIN ARNOLD. London : Trubner and Co. 1889. The title explains the character of this latest publication of the author of the " Light of Asia." This volume of poems represents that part of the fruit of the poet's genius which were born of his love and laid at the feet of her who called it forth. Written during the period of the married life of Sir Edwin, they were hitherto withheld from collection, and are now made public as a tribute to her memory after the death of Lady Arnold. The principal portion of the present volume is comprised of a series of poems entitled the " Casket of Gotus," in which the poet, with characteristic grace and music, wreathes about each one of a host of gems, a legend, mystic, romantic, or religious, which Sir Edwin has called in Orient fields, and which he offers to his wife in lines full of colour and grace: - No snow-white marble blocks have I to pile, No throng of wise artificers to toil, No kingdom's treasures at thy grave to pour, As gold were safflower, as if silver were Tangle bloom stripped, and jewel"s fountain drops. Only those jewels have I which were cut White from the mind and blood-red from the heart; Only my verses have I which I built Line by line for the living, and now roof With sorrowful last words and coping stones Of fond farewell. Yet sleep not thou o'er humbled It may be these shall last when those are crumbled. The idea of these graceful poems furnishes Sir Edwin Arnold with all the material in the working up of which he is best calculated to achieve suc- cess the fire and beauty and mystery of gems, their place in Oriental poetry and legend, and the application of the poems themselves to the object of the poet's affection. Too many beauties present themselves in these delicately wrought verses to [ make the task of selection easy ; but those stanzas are representative of the best work in the Casket of Gems" : I think if you should delve such Lazulita AB hides within my heart all gold and blue The gold of it would make your days seem bright, The blue of it might arch fair skies for you. Well ! Take or leave ! You are too rich to need it, And love is sorrow so say all the wise Though lovers never yet have deigned to heed it, Since first your sweet sex cost us Paradise ! Is love so sad ? This amber clear and "golden; West from great trees, which when the woods began Waved boughs it may be over forests olden. Shaded their slumbers, built primaeval man His nuptial bowers; for see ! the head encloses Winged things which fluttered in life's Goodlihead ; Here is embalmed memory of meadow roses. An epitaph on unseen summer's dead. .... * » . . . And so the poet sets his gem-like thoughts in the fine gold of his phrases with exquisite art and finish, like that with which Cellini wrought in the jewel- ling of the glittering things themselves. The more directly personal poems have an interest apart from that attaching to their artistic excellence. When we read the verse in which a poet's own love is crystallised like the winged thing in the amber, as told in the verse we have just quoted, there is a human interest in the lines separate from that which other poems excite. Perhaps it is that the sense of reality is stronger, perhaps it is the pleasure of listening to the strains in which a master tells us of what we all feel some- time, at once the grandest and the commonest visitation to which the human heart is subject; but to it is. The poems which Sir Edwin gives us here, showing the sanctity of his love for his wife, have not much of the passion which has given the world its best love lyrics. There is, so to speak, no passionate abandon in them. But of feeling and tenderness there is much. Property Sir Edwin's genius is more successful in the narrative than in the lyric department of poetry. His intellectual side is always dominant, and, curiously enough, in these lyrics he seems not so much to feel as reason about his feelings. The intensity and simplicity of a few of these poems, however, are evidence that this was not always the case. " In Happy Days " of wedded bliss the following lines were written with a quotation of which we lay down a charming volume and a distinct gain to the poetry of the day The red wheat rustics, and the vines . Are purple to the root, And true love, waiting, patient wins Its blessed time of fruit. Lamp of all lovers, Lady-moon, Light these glad Ups together. Which reap alone a harvest sown Long ere September weather. From My Verandah s'rt"IF¿ti> Guinea. Sketches and Traditions. By Huon HASTINGS ROMILLY, C.M.G. London: David Nutt. 1889. This volume is the literary result of Mr. Romilly's tenure of the position of " late Acting Special Commissioner for New Guinea." This interesting island is one of the few places in which it is yet possible for the explorer and the naturalist to achieve new triumphs. Every day its secrets are becoming unlocked one by one as a consequence of its increasingly settled condition. The recent achievement of Sir W. MacGregor in ascending Mount Owen Stanley is the great feat of New Guinea exploration. There is nothing to equal it which yet remains to be done in the big island. The great bulk towering into the tropic skies, which was so long a source of mystery to the natives-to ascend which was certain death, by reason of the devils which, as becomes an antipodean Olympus, dwelt in its airy altitudes-has dwindled down into an ordinary mountain. As far as exploring was concerned, however, Mr. Romilly did little. His account of travelling in New Guinea is the reverse of favourable, what with the heat, the tangled vegetation, and the numerous busy and bloodthirsty insect. Of the natives themselves Mr. Romilly confesses to hold an evil opinion. They are dirty, cowardly, shameless, conceited, lying, lazy, and unchaste. This is a long list of unfavourable attributes, and Mr Romilly asserts that he cannot find a single good quality in their possession to counterbalance the bad ones. Mr. Romilly asserts this but nevertheless he tells us in another place of tribes for which he has the "greatest respect," and in the course of his narrative relates incidents which proclaim the possession by the natives of many of the virtues which Mr. Romilly denies them. Besides, the accounts of other equally competent observers in no way chime in with this sweeping condemnation. The natives of New Guinea, to judge by some of their legends, as related by Mr. Romilly, are far from being in the lowest stage of savage life. One tradition, in deed, of the birth of the Moon is, as Mr. Andrew Lang, who writes a characteristic introduction to the books task for which his excursions into the field of comparative mythology have well fitted him says, worthy of the genius of Greece, " A Papuan Konts," he writes, must have invented this fable of a Papuan Endymion. The whole fiction is full of the very genius of romance and the love of the ideal. In Papua, too, hore were poets and menton moralia gangway." The few other examples of native folk-lore embodied in Mr. Romilly's work are indicative of the same imagina- tive and poetic qualities. Where those have been gleaned, says Mr. Lang, there must be many more, I perhaps better. Several of their customs and legends Mr. Lang has found elsewhere ; one, for instance, in Scotland. Hosy this happens the mythologies, of course, explains. Either in a similar social state and under similar impressions of nature-its habits and its phenomena mon evolved the same beliefs and practices, or these were spread from a common centre through the world in the date less past of the race. The matter is almost as bewildering as the explanation of the discovery of English larks on Mount Owen Stanley by Sir W. Macgregor. Mr. Romilly seems to have been very much attracted by the head-hunting propensities of the Papuans. These are certainly interesting. It appears that a man may lose his head in New Guinea on two grounds because a native may be in want of a skull with which to deck his house, or because the spirit of some dead relative finds it impossible to rest without being placated with a skull-not necessarily that of one of the tribe which killed him-any one's skull will do. If a native dies in a white man's country, a white man's skull must somehow be found. It is a relief to find that the natives do not care about eating a white man's body, but cart it to the fishes, though what consolation this would be to a man whose skull had been subtracted from his anatomy is not quite clear. The flesh of the face and the brains are invariably eaten, the latter as a delicacy, and not through superstition; for with them the intelligence is situated in the midriff. They look upon their prisoners or foes' as just so much meat. There is nothing, Mr. Romilly rather quaintly puts it, romantic about their cannibalism. It is practical and prosaic. One sort of man they will not eat, and that is a dram-drinking. The bibulous habit spoils the flesh for food, and so he is saved the last indignity ; but, nevertheless, his skull will gain over the chief's roof tree just as if he were a son of temperance. This is a fascinating subject, and will be found dealt with fully in Mr. Romilly's work, which, by the way, is very interesting reading. _ From Messrs. Cassell and Company, we have received the August number of the Magazine of Art. The frontispiece is a full-page etching of Adolf Menzel' in the Chimney Corner," whose work is described in a " note " here as distinguished by grace, elegance, and taste, The etching has resulted in an effect of great softness and delicacy. The reading matter maintains its usual interest. There is a paper on the printing of etchings, by Mr. Mortimer Menpes, carrying a reproduction of a well-executed likeness of the writer made in chalks. Mr. Menpes tells the reader some interesting facts not generally known to those of the public who are not specialists in this direction. Only those who know something of the processes can understand the full force of his remark that " the printing of an etching is every whit as important a process, and requires nearly if not quite as much art as the engraving of its lines upon the copper plate." Mr. David Crear Murray continues his articles on " The Barbizon School ; Charles Francois Daubigny," with four illustrations. A very interesting paper by T. G. Jackson deals with " The High-street of Oxford, and Brasenose College. A still more readable contribution deals with " The Exhibition of the Humourists in Art," by Joseph Gregg, and gives examples from Gillray/Rowkndson, and Hablot Browne. A paper by Charles de Ray on George Fuller, Painter," carries a portrait of that artist and reproductions of his '"Gatherer of Simples" and the "Romany Girl." Mr Fern writes about "Painters' Weather;" Mr. Samuel has something about "Pic- tures of Jewish Life," with four illustrations, and the usual Chronicle of Art for July fills out the reading matter. Another full-page illustration in this number, engraved by Boileau, reproduces Talbot's Salon picture of 1878, called "La Complainants," a vivid study of realism and chiaroscuro effect. We have also received from Messrs. Cassell and Co., the August numbers of their popular publications, the Quiver, Cassell's Family Magazine, and Little folks. These well-known periodicals contain the usual well selected budget of family and juvenile matter, and the illustrations, always a pleasantly familiar feature, both for their subjects and their excellent execution, are quite up to the average in the issues now before us. The Quiver, for instance, has a full-page frontispiece showing a group of girls round an old well, very delicately engraved and finely printed. Nearly all of the reading matter is illustrated, some of the pictures being exquisite little vignettes, as soft OF anything in the larger American magazines. An illuminated page is devoted to a scrap of verse called " Earth's Weariness," the design being exceedingly graceful. All of the serial contributions are continued in this issue, and there is besides the usual new matter by practised pens. Cassell's Family Magazine is also attractive in its reading matter and its pictures. The frontispiece is called " Her Favourite Flower," and pre- sends a pleasing subject. The serial stories are continued, the family doctor's contribution deals with the treatment of children, and the domestic reading has to do with hints on arranging flowers, tea-table delicacies, and dress for August. There are several other contributions of a fairly diversified character. Little Folks is always interesting for the young people. There is a boy's story of the Vikings, well illustrated, and a frontispiece called " The Hero of the School," illustrative of another tale for lads. The number is bright with pictures and light: entertaining reading matter, including stones, verses, puzzles, short descriptive sketches, and brief notes in rudimen- tary natural history. The three publications cover a field which they have made peculiarly their own. From Messrs. E. A. Petherick and Co., 333 George street, Sydney, we have received a copy of Joseph's Coat, by D. Christie Murray. This is a popular re- print of one of this writer's popular book-, and in its present form it is a volume of " Petherick's Collection of Favourite and Approved Authors." The edition is prefaced with a short biographical sketch of the author, the writer of which explains that " In Joseph's Coat ' we have a remarkable example of his peculiar genius, which combines in an extraordinary degree many qualities very rarely found in combination." 'thing, he is highly descriptive, he has a Hogarlhiaa grasp of the humours of a situation, and his verbal pictures are individualised with the sharpness of a Dutch interior; while the plot is full of delicate and difficult situations. Mr. Petherick's popular edition of this very readable story will be welcome to those who like to get their favourite novelists in an easily accessible form. Some pamphlets received include a lecture by Major MacCarthy on The Defence of the North-western Provinces of India, and one by Lieutenant-Colonel Penrose on Modern Infantry rite, published by the United Service Institution. A pamphlet by Arthur Walters is called Eldorado, dealing with the South African diamond and gold fields, and how to get there. 