MULTUM IN PARVO . 1 John Bright is dead, T.T.C. races April 27. Leven races postponed. Count Schuvaloff is dead. Wheat 5s 7d in Melbourne. Monday ' April Fool's Day.' Patersonia sports on April 13. Severe gales off Scottish coast. Slight advance in silver stock*. Bellerive regatta last Saturday. Mount Bischoff, buyers £GS lUg. Bishopsbourne races on April 10. Banquet to Mr Parnell on April. 11 Prince of Wales wants more money. Gould's country races Easter Monday. Sir Thomas Gladstone died last week. Typhoid fever BtiU rampant in Victoria. Victorian general elections last Thursday. Another collision iu the English Channel. N.S.W. Parliament assembles next Tues* Devon Agricultural show next Wednes day. Hobart Fire Brigade demonstration 24th May. Tbe health of tho Pope is very precar Tlie richest man in Berlin has £238,000 a year. Mount Morgan shares dropped from £16 to £6. Annual meeting City Football Club to Tasmania shares bave receded to £10 12s Cd. Longford skating rink opened on Wed Nuwes' Home at Launceston much needed. Iberia berthed safely at Dunn-street pier nobart. lion. A. I. Clark gone to Melbourne for a holiday. Hon. Mr M'Call leaves for England shortly. £1225 stolen from the E.S. and A. Bank, London. Sheffield U.P.S. Demonstration on Easter Monday. Horse stung to death by bees in Brisbane last week. George Leitch, coimdiao, is in a critical condition. Bank holiday at llurnie and Ulverstone on April 0. Victorian railway revenue for lost week was £90,437. Gilmorc and Clarke established a branch at Westbury. Mr It. Wilson diod suddenly at Hobart on March 22. Tenders for llobart Opera House to he called at once. Pakeha won the St. Kilda Cup last Satur day ot Caulfield. Civil sittings of Supreme Court nt Laun ceston on April 2. Emperor of Austria will visit Emperor of Germany in May. Mount Zeehan railway will cost £82,500 instead of £60,000. 7000 cases of fruit sent to England per Iberia from Hobart. A. Thompson killed at Tasmania Gold Mine on Wednesday. The Rothschilds have iBsued a Russian loan of £27,500,000. St. Joseph's Band had successful tour along the N.W. Coast. Successful trial of tho maxim gun, at Hobart., last Saturday. Grass seed in good demand at high rates along the N.W. Coast. Mr Hill's Green Isle won the Burnie Handicap on Monday. Dynamite bomb factory in Switzerland discovered and seized. N.S.W. Government intend startingworks to relieve unemployed. William Laugford fined for conducting a consultation iu Hobart. Miss Mary Anderson is confincd in a private lunatic asylum. 144th dividend (15s) Mount Bischoff T.M. Co. payable from to-day. Ladies' Purse, at Bellerive ' Regatta, won by Mercantile R.C. crcw. Garrison sports will not he held on Queen's Birthday this year. Tenders for purchase of goodwill of Devon Herald close to-day. The barque Cabarfeidh arrived from Kaipara, N.Z., lost Sunday. The Tosmanian A. and T.A. have a credit balance of £39 15s Id. An octopus 7ft long on view at Messrs. Ilatton and Laws' last week. Decided to affiliate the Colonial Institute with tbe Imperial Institute. Our new bishop says he intends to re side permanently in Tasmania. Rev. Montgomery, vicar of Kensington, appointed Bishop of Tasmania. Earl Carnarvon's bill to reform tho House of Peers negatived hy 59 votes. Colonel IIugbes-Hallett has resigned his 6eat in the House of Commons. Champion Four-oared race, at Bellerive Regatta, won by A. Timh'e crew. Iberia is the largest vessel that has yet come alongside wharf at Hobart. Tiie Shaw Savill and Albion Co. have declared a dividend of 6 per cent. Salt trust being formed in the United States to ' corner ' the salt market. Government has promised extra £22,500 required for Mount Zeehan railway. Mr Ryan struck on the eye with a bullet at Westbury rifie butts last Saturday Berlin paper states tbat the Samoan Con ference has been postponed until May. United States Government prohibited the landing of 30 Scotch immigrants. Annual meeting of Chudleigh Road dis trict for election of trustees on April 17. The drought is destroying thousands of rabbits in tn$ Wilcannia district, N.S.W. ProtitB of parcels branch of Melbourne G.P.O. show a sum of £5000 per annum. Annual treat to poor of Hobart by pro prietress of Taemantan Iftws, on May 23. Mr A Kerr, of Victoria, fell from a lift at Langham, England, and killed itstantly. Tnith urges tbat future colonial bishops should he chosen from colonial clergymen. Lily Johnson, Melbourne, found guilty of drowning her child in a bucket of water. Australian hardwood is finding more 1 favor in England, and the market is harden ing. Entries for the Taemanian Junior Chess Tournament will be received till Monday next. 190 cases of typhoid reported to Victorian Central Board of Health last week. Seven fatal. 133 applications received for position of Queensland Commissioner of Hail ways. A mother at Tyueside drowned her three children, and then committed euiQide, The FarmeTB* Association of Victoria has started a fund for helping distressed farmers. 'Rough on Eat9' is permitted to be sold freely while other poisons ore pro hibited. A benefit concert for Mr Howard Hay wood will be held at Lymington this evening. Mr and Mrs E. Dickens celebrated their golden wedding at Launceston on Tuesday^' . . Henry Brown, aged 70, committed suicide at Trevelyan on Monday by taking ' Rough on Hats.' Another ?? land boom' insolency. Gustav Lachal. Liabilities £322,960, assest £477,402. Unemployed threatened to rush N.S.W. Premier's office on Monday but were prevented. Madame Jaffa's second pianoforte recital could not fce given owing to adverse cir cumstances. i Mwca domestic^, the common house fly, - can move through the air at the rate of i 175ft per second. Twenty persons killed or seriously in jured by steam tram car capsizing in Lan cashire last week. Mr Chamberlain wants'/' free school V in England. The amount ,now received in fees is £1,774.6:20. Editor of a German newspaper sentenced to two months' imprisonment for libelling Prince Bismarck. The business of W. Upton and Son has been formed into the Tasmanian Soap and Candle Company. Alderman Crouch's motion that the city or Hobart he lighted by electricity had only one supporter. Adelaide Coffee Palace partially destroyed by fire. Rev. Geo. Tullen killed while en deavoring to escape. Victoria is to be represented at tho Windsor Great Park Agricultural Show (England) next June. Thirty tons of straw and a Dederick straw press burnt on Chomley's form, near Haglev, on March 22. 11\. W. Lucy thinks the orators of the Commons ore Gladstone, W. O'Brien, Sex* ton, ond Major Nolan. Drs Hannayond Dale presented with an address, salver, and puree of soveringfl each, at Hastings, in Sussex. Roberts and Company declared dividend of 8 per cent. Report showed a credit to profit and loss of £1730. Tender of Mr Duff, of Hobart, for im provements to St. Andrew's Church, West bury, at £544 accepted. Trotting Match on Westbury-road be tween Mr Spencer's Brewer and Riordan s Clurnes next Wednesday. Bruce auction in connection with the Northern Agricultural Society will be held at Longford on May 14. A series of concerts are to be given in connection with the Tasmanian Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition. Rough weather lately experienced on the West Coast, Tendering the entry of Trial Harbor extremely difficult. Miss Finklestein has been to Jerusalem and left Port Said on the 18th March for her return visit to Australia. New Zealand harvest returns best for many years past. In some partB 70 bushels of wheat and 110 bushels of oats ! Mr J. Harris, Mayor of Sydney, has sent a cheque for £1000 to the Registrar of the University to endow a scholarship. Prize list for forthcoming rifle meeting in Launceston increased £253 10s, exclusive of Parliament and Merchants' prizes. Mr Lucas's motion at tbe synod tbat ; women be entitled to vote for election of churchwardens was lost by 38 votes. Mr Wolfe's supposed remedy for the destruction of the Codlin moth is a fizzle.' He doesn't know whot Codlin moth is. First annual meeting of Imperial Federa tion League held at Hobart on March 21, Interest iu the movement is increasing. Australian butter is coming in small quantities, and bringing 100s to 108s (wrote a London correspondent on February 1). Mysore has nearly paid off to the Govern ment of India the debt of eighty lakhs, which was incurred during the last famine. Young woman had both legs cut off by SI. Kilda train on Monday, s^e getting out while tbe train was in motion. Average daily consumption of water in city of Melbourne since 1st January has I been 2,600,000 gallons, or 55 galLona per I head. I In the House of Commons the vote of i censure against tbe lion. A. Balfour for hit I Irish policy was rejected by a majority of I 64 votes. Captain Jones, ot tne barque Ulencoyne, fined £10 with £5 10s costs at Sydney for brutally assaulting one of the crew on the high sea. A funicular railway is to be constructed in Paris up the heights of Belleville, run ning between the Place de la Kepublique and Belleville Cburch. New Bishop of Tasmania says ho doe* not approve of colonial bishops using their preferment merely as a means of securing higher positions in England. Paris Tribunal of Commerce hns stated that there are not sufficient grounds to warrant the issuing of a decree for winding up the Comptoir D'Eecompte. Married couple, aged 16 nnd 17 years respectively in New Zealand. Husband before the court for assaulting his wife re cently. Is marriage a failure ? The vote of censure moved in the House of Commons on Sir II. Webster, leading connsel for The Times in the Parnell En quiry was negatived by 80 votes. Tbe T.R.C. crew did not take port in the Bellerive Regatta last Saturday, owing to two men in the Mercantile crew having previously rowed for money prizes. ' Reported that English Government in tend next year to apply for £50,000,000 for extending system of tenants purchasing their holdings under the Ashbourne Act. Banking is flourishing in South Alriea. The Nat&i; Bonk has declared a farther dividend of G per cent., with a bonus of 3 per cent., making J.5 per cent, for the year. Paper makers' combination established with the object of controlling the price of paper. Fourteen papermakers of England have joined tbe trust, the capital of which is £2,000.000. Sir Thomas Esmonde and Mr John De&sy;, Irish members of the House of Commons, who arrived at llobart recently, intend to make a tour of the colonies on behalf of tho National League. The late Crown Prince of Austria had a peculiar fondness for ghost storiea and spiritualism, and then became bairate^ with) the fear tbat he might eo »»»-* KW Louis li.. of Bavaria. 