mi Sf#17fSLLIE. Kit and Kitty. By R. D. BLACKMORE. Chapter XXIV.— HARO. A strange thing befel me on my way home, which I would have avoided describing if 1 could; for my ad ventures have but little interest except eo far as they are concerned with Kitty. But this one unluckily did conccrn her deeply, inasmuch as it brought great afflic tion on her, and left her without any assistance at a time when she 6tood in especial need of it. one uaa m aae me promise iuhl j. wouia not ar.rempi to walk all lhe way to Sunbury in such a bitter night and with the storm increasing, till no one could tell what might come of it. Accordingly I made my way to Notling Hill, intending to get into an omnibus tbere, which would take me at least as far as Richmond. There I meant to have a mutton chop or two, and per haps a pint of M ortlake ale, which is generally of good substance, and thus be set up for the cold walk home. And if this had been done, as was really intended, pro bably I might have beeu at home in good time to tell my uncle all about it before he had finished his goto bed pipe. But as it happened, when I came out at last from all this brick and mortar skittle-ground into the broad Western-road, and knew pretty well where I was and how the land lav, not an omnibus was to be found any where except those that had travelled out before the storm began, and were bound to get home again some how. And these had some trouble in getting along with the snow clouding up in the horses' faces and forming great balls on their feet and clogging the dumb heavy roll of the frozen wheels. All tne 'buses that should have been ploughing and rolling towards Shepherd's Bush and Turnham Green had resolved to remain in their yards for the night. Let other horses tug and wailcv and smoke like beds of mortar; let other coachmen flap their breasts and scowl instead of answering ; and let other threepenny fares look blue and stamp in the straw to thaw their toes. It was worth much more than the money would fetch to cross their legs by the taproom fire, or whisk their tails in stable. At first I took it as a wholesome joke that the 14 miles of road before me mu*t be overcome by toe and heel. As for a cab, 1 had never been inside any femi nine handbox of that name, and if 1 would have con descended to it, there was no such thing to be got to night. ' I was young, and strong, and full of spirit, with the sweet words kindling in my heart, as memory ' stirred it from time to time ; and if any one had bidden me look out for diiDgor, I should have said, ' Let me see it first.' And in this humour, 1 strode on, without even turning my collar up. But tbe world became wrapped up more and more in deep white darkness as I trudged on. As the houses along the roid grew scarcer, they seemed to go by mo more heavily and slowly, and with less and less power of companionship. There was scarcely a man to say 'Good night' to; and the one or two I met would not open mouth to answer. And when I came through a great open space, with a white spire standing like a giant's ghost, 1 could hardly be sure that it was Turn ham Green, so entirely was distance huddled up with snow. But I ran into a white thing in the middle of tho road, and the gleam of an ostler's lantern showed mc that it was a brewer's dray, with the horses taken out, and standing with their heads between their legs closcfby a sign-post. ' You better, turn in, mate,' the ostler shouted ; ' you're a fool if you go further, such a n:ght as this.' I saw a red steam in the bar, and knQjp that this must be the Old Pack-horse Inn, whose landlord had raised a famous apple ; and my better sense told me to follow advice. But the pride of fool's strength drove me on, and without slacking a foot X lost sight of it in the solid daze. There was nothing to be afraid of yet, and I felt no kind of misgiving, but began to let my legs go on, instead of walking consciously. At one time I began to count, as if thev were a machine of which I was no longer master, i counted up to a thousand, and thought, ' About 7000 more will do it, and that they can manage without much trouble.' Then I gave up counting, and must have passed through Brentford, as in a dream, and so to Twickenham, and through that again. There were nearer ways in better weather; but although I could not think clearly now (through cold and clogging feet and constant dazzle of white fall round me) I had sense enough to stick to highways as long as they would slick to me. At Twickenham I had a mind to stop and get something to eat, being: faint with hunger, for X had seven-and-sixpence in my waistcoat pocket. I cannot tell why I did not stop, and only know that I went on. The snow must have been ten inches deep on the lovol and as many feet in the drifts, for a strong wind urged it fiercely, when I came at last to the Bear at Hanworth, an old- established and good hotel. The principal entrance was snowed-up, from the sweep of the roads that meet there, for every road running east &nd; west was like a cannon exploding snow. - But I went in by the little door round the corner, and finding only tbe barmaid there— for all neighbours _ had been glad to get home while they could— 1 contrived, with soma trouble, to ask for a glass of hot brandyand water. So great was the change from the storm and the whirl that my brain seemed to beat like a flail in a barn, and the chairs were all standing on the ceiling. ' Don't you go no further, sir ; you stop here,' said the man, who seemed to know me, though I did not know him. ' It would take a male helephant to get to Sunbury to-night. There been no such snow for six and- forty year ; old Jim the ostler can call it to mind ; and then it was over the roof, he saith. You look un common queer already ; seem to he standing on your heada'most. Why, bless me, you be drinking from the empty glass!' But I found the right glass with his help and swallowed the hot brown draught without knowing it. Then I asked him the time, and he said, ' Nigh on 10 o'clock. You take my advice, and have a bed here. Well, wilful will, and woeful won't, when it's too late to mend it.' He cast this at me as I said ' Good night and, without sitting, staggered out again. I believe that even now I should have readied home safely, not having so very much further to go, if the roads hid been wide and straight as . they were thus far. But two things were very much against me now, and both of them made a great difference. I had turned from the main road into twisting narrowlanes, and my course was across the wind instead of right before it. Without that strong wind at my back I could scarcely have reached Hanworth by that time, though it seemed a very long time to take from Notting Hill, compared with the usual rate of walking. But now the fierce wind was on my left side quite as often as behind me, and it drove me from my line, as I grew more feeble, - and knocked my weary legs into one another. More over, it seemed tio go through me twice as much, and to rattle me like splinters shaken up, and to drive the spikes of snow to my heart almost. If I had walked as in a dream before, I was moving as in a deep sleep now. I had some sort of sense of going on for ever, as a man has a knowledge of his own snoring ; and I have some weak remembrance of beating with my hands— for my stick must have gone away long ago— to keep off a blanket that was smother ing 'me. Then I seemed to be lifted and set down somewhere, and it did not matter where it was. And what happened after that was not to me, but to people who told mc of it afterwards. For my Uncle Corny went to bed that night in a very bad worry of mind, and fitter to grumble at the Lord than to say his prayers. Not from anxiety about his nephew, who was sure to turn up somehow ; but because he had frightful misgivings about bis glass, and his trees, and his premises at large. The roof of his long vinery was buckled in already, when he went with a lantern to look at it ; and many of his favourite apple-trees, which he loved to go and gaze at on 8 Sunday, were bowed with thp wind and the snow, and hanging in draggles, like so much mistletoe. He never swore much at the weather, because it seemed like swearing at heaven, and he had found it grow worse under that sort of treatment. But our Tabby Tap scott (who feared to go home, and tried to sleep on two chairs in the kitchen) declared that he used some ex pressions that night which were quite enough to account for anything. In the morning, however, there was no fault to find with him, as soon as he had done a good hour's work in the deep snow and the nipping wind, and improved his circulation by convincing everybody that he was still as young as he ever was. He relieved the laden trees wherever it was wise to do so, and with the back of a hay- rake fetched the white encumbrance from the glass, and stamped his feet and shook his coat, and had a path swept here and there, and told himself and Selsey Bill that a good old-fashioned winter was the thing to send all prices up. But when he sat down to breakfast, he kept looking at the door, as if fcr me ; and at last he said to Mrs. Tapscottt, who was shaking in her apron : ' Why, where'u that lazy Kit again ? Is he frozen to his pillow ? Go and give him a good rattle up. He deserves cold victuals, and he shall have nothing else.' ' Her bain't coom home,' replied Tabby, looking as crossly as she dared at him. ' Much you care for the poor boy. M aster. I reckon the znow be his winding shate. No morecoortin' for he this side of kingdom coom, I'd lay a penny.' ' Kit not come home ! Kit out all night, and you let me go on with my trees and roofs ! But you know where he is, or you would not take it so, and you snoring away by the kitchen-fire. None of your secrets about him! Where iB Kit?' ' The Lord A'mighlv know'th where a' be.' Poor Tabby began to whine and cry. 'The zecret be with Him, not ms. A' wor to coom home, but her never didn't. A vaine job for 'e to zike for 'un. Vaind un dade as a stone, I reckon.' ' Nonsense ! Kit can take care of himself. He is the strongest young fellow for miles aud miles, and accustomed to all sorts of weather. What's a bit of saow to a young man like Kit? You women always make the worst of everything.' ' But her bain't coom home,' answered Tabby, with all reason. ' Her would 'a coom home, if so be her worn't drownded in the 7, now, I tull 'e, sir. No more co or tin' for Measter Kit in this laife. A* may do what a' wool in kingdom coom.' ' Stuff !' cried my uncle, not caring to discuss this extreme te=t of my constancy. ' He has stopped at some house on the road, or up there. Perhaps the Pro fessor would not let him go when he saw how bad the weather was. There is nothing to be done till the post comes in, though I am not sure that the post will be able to get in. If tbe letters are not here by 10 o'clock, I shall go to Hampton to look for them. They are pretty sure to get that far.' The morning was fine, though bitterly cold after that very heavy fall ; and people began to get about again, though the drifts were too deep in many plsces for a carriage to pass till they had been cleared. My uncle set out on foot for Hampton, and there found the mail cart just come in. The postmaster was in a state of flurry, and would not open the Sunbury bag, but sent it on by special messenger, as the cart could get no further. My uncle had the pleasure of walking: with it as far as our p'st-office ; and, after all that, there was nothing for him, ' Well, a man must eat,' was his sound reflection. ' I shall have a bit of dinner, and consider what to do.' It was getting on for 2 o'clock, as they told me, when a man who had come from the *' Bear,'' at Han worth, upon some particu'ar business in our village, knocked at my uncle's door on his return, to say that I had forgotten (which was the truth) to pay for what 1 had the night before. He was also to ask how I got home, because I looked 'uncommon dicky,' as he beautifully expressed it. In half an hour every man in Sunbury, owning a good pair of legs, and even a number of women and boys, set forth to search the roads and fields, for it was hard sometimes to tell which was which, in the direction of Hanworth. This was no small proof of the goodwill and brave humanity of our neighbourhood ; for any of these people might have lost themselves in the numb frost and the depth of drift ; and there were signs of another storm in the north-east. My uncle, with a big shovel on his shoulder and a bottle of brandy in his pocket, put a guinea upon me at first, and then two, and then jumped to £5, and even £10. as the hope of discovery waned ; and at last, when Bome had abandoned the search, and others were muffling themselves against the new snowstorm, he mounted a gate and, with both hands to his mouth, shouted, — ' Five and twenty pounds for my nephew Kit, dead or alive ; twenty-five pounds reward to any one who finds Christopher Orchardeon !' This may appear a great deal of money for anybody to put me at (except my own mother, if I had one) ; ana the people who heard it were of that opinion, none of them being aware, perhaps, that the reward would come out of my mother's property, which had no trustees to prevent it. And for many years afterwards, if I dared to think anything said or done by my uncle was anything short of perfection, the women, and even the men, would ask— as if I were made of ingratitude — ' Who offered five and twenty pounds for you ?' And they felt the effect of it now so strongly that a loud hurrah went along the white plain, and several stout fellows who were turning home turned back again, and flapped themselves, saying, ' Never say die!' With one accord a fresh pursuit began, though perhaps of a ghost even whiter than the snow : and taking care to keep in sight of one another, they began to poke more holes wherever they could poke them. For some had kidney- bean sticks, and some had garden forks, and some had sharp pitch-forks from the stable ; and if they had found me, I had surely been riddled, and perhaps had both my eyes poked out. But the Lord was good to me once more, and I escaped being trussed, as I might have been. For just when it was growing dark and another bitter night was setting in, with spangles of hard snow driving, as they said, like a glazier's diamond into their eyes, and even the heartiest mail was saying that nothing more could be done for it, through the drift ing of the white, and the lowering of the gray, a high mettled horse came churning. It was beautiful, everybody thought, to see him scattering the snow like highway dust, flinging from his nostrils Bcomful volumes, with hiB great eves flashing like a lighthouse in the foam. _ Men huddled aside, lest he should spurn them like a drift, for .his courage was roused and he knew no fear, but gloried in the power of his leap and plunge. ' Giving it over, are you all ?' Sam Henderson shouted, as he drew the rein, and his favourite stallion Haro stood and looked with the like contempt at them. 'Then a horse and dog shall shame your pluck.' From beneath the short rough cloak he wore, a pair of sharp eyes shone like jewels, and two little ears pricked up like thorns. ' Spike is the best man here,' said- Sam, as the wiseacres crowded round him. ' All you have done is to spoil the track. Keep behind me, and let me see things for myself.' My unde, who never had been fond of Sam, said something disdainful and turned away ; bnt Haider eon, without even looking at him, rode on, and the best men followed him. He took them almost to the Bear Hotel, watching both sides of the road as he went, and still keeping his dog before him. Then he turned back, and said, 'Keep you all on my left. None of you tread any gap on 'the right. J. saw the place as I came along. When the moon gets clear, we shall find him.' The enow-cloud in the east began to lift, and the moon came out with a bronzy flush, as my uncie told me afterwards, and the broad expanse of snow was flickered with wan light and with gliding shades. Then all came back to the place where Sam, being mounted and able to command the slope, had discovered certain dimples— for they were nothing more — which might be the trace of footsteps snowed over. Here he gave his hone to be held ; and leaving the road with his little Scotch terrier Spike, scooped the light surface from one of the marks, and found a hard clot beneath it. He put the dog's nose in and patted him, and Spike gave a yelp, as if a rat were in prospect. ' Let him alone. Don't say a word to him,' cried Sam, as our people grew eager. ' He don't want you to teach him his business. If you knew your own half as well, there'd be less money in London than in Sun bury. Keep back, I say, all of you.' The little dog led them across a broad meadow, two or three hundred yards from the highway, yet in a straighter line towards Sunbury, and nearly in the track of an old footpath. ? Then he stopped in a dip, where a great rise of snow, like a surge of ground swell, swung away from them and combed over into the field beyond without breaking, like the ground-swell frozen. They said that it was a most beautiful sight, such as they never had seen before, and could scarcely hope to see again in one lifetime — reminding them of the great wax-works, when the wax is being bleached, at Teddington. But they could not ftop to look at it ; and the little, dog went round, and dived info the tunnel on the further side. Presently he yapped, as if in hot chase of a rabbit ; and an active young fellow jumped through the great wave, and was swal'.ow-d up, leaving his hat behind. Then they heard him crying: faintly, ' Here he is ! Come round, and dig us out to this 8ide.' It is a strange thing, and I have not the smallest remembrance of having done it ; but I must have dragged my frozen body through the hedge, in the cope of life with death, and got on the leeward side of a stiff bulwatk of newly bill-hooked ashplant, which stopped the sweep of drift, and served to cast it like the lap of a counterpane over tne. In the bottom whete I lav there was scarcely any snow, but a soft bed cf fallen leaves, upon which they found me lying, like a gate-post flung by to season. ' Dead as a door nail ! ' said Rasp, the baker. ' Stiff as a starfish !' cried Pluggs, the grocer, who had spent his last holidays at the seaside. ' Ay, and colder than a skinned eel '.' added Jakes, the barrowman. But my uncle said, ' Out with you, cowardly lot of curs ! Our Kit shall outlive every one of you. The Lord hath not put him in. that nest for nothing.' Then Sam Henderson pulled off his clonk, like the good liana aritan, and threw it over me. And taking me by the shoulders, with my uncle at the feet, he helped to bear mv stiff body back to the road, where they set me upon Haro, with my head upon his mane ; and the young man who had jumped into the drift was sent ahead, to fetch Dr. Sippets to my uncle's house. Chapter XXV.— ON THE SHELF. That season there was no Christmas-tide for me ; no '.BLappv New Year' to wish to others, and be wished ; nor even so much as a Valentine's Day, to send poems to girls, and get caricatures. In the leeward of the wild storm I had been saved by a merciful power from the frost of death, and by constant care and indefati gable skill I was slowly brought back into the warmth of life. But strong as I was, and of tough and active frame, with habits of temperance and exercise, tbere was no making little of the mischief done ; and 1 could not have survived it if I had been a clever fellow. For one of tho most racking and deadly evils of all that beset tbe human frame was established in mine, and there worked its savage will. When I was just be ginning to get warm again and to ask where I was and to stretch my tingling joints, symptoms of rheumatic fever showed, and for weeks and for months it ran its agonising course. The doctor did all that any man could do; and my uncle went up to his cupboard in the wall by the head of his bed and brought down a leather bag, and looked at it fondly and then looked at me. ' It was put by for a rainy day, and there can't be a rainier day than this,' he said, with some drops in his own eyes, as Tabby told me afterwards. '* Let the business go to the dogs if it will. Where's the use of keeping up with no one to keep up for ? Dr. Sippets, I never thought to see this day. Fetch the best man in London, and let him cheat me if he -will.' If I had been at all a clever fellow my mind would stayed with me and worried out my heart', when dread fully pushed to carry on its proper work, with the lowering and the heightening . and the quivering of the pulse. But being just a simple mind, that took its cue from body and depended on the brain for motion and the eyes for guidance ; when these went amiss it quite struck work and never even asked who its master was. Thus it came to pass that Kitty's sweet and tender letters lay upon a shelf but a yard or two away, and no hand was yet stretched out for them. At last there came a letter sent in special trouble, as was plain from many signs upon it, and from the mode of its delivery. For Mrs. Wilcox came herself, the roads being once more passable, and perceiving how things were in the house, had a long talk with my uncle. This good woman, as I may have said, was much attached to Miss Fairthorn, and had promised to take charge of my replies, and even to give me tidings of her if anything happened to disable her from ' writing. But no provision had been made for any default on my part, as 1 was supposed to be free and strong, and sure to come when called for. ' The poor young thing has been in such a taking,' Mrs. Wilcox told my uncle, 'at not haviog so much as a single line from your poor nephew, you see, sir. You may put it to yourself how you would feel to be look ing ind looking for letters about business ; and this is worse than business to young folk ; they goes on as if it was all the world to them. And Miss Kitty always did have such an uncommon tender heart ; you never see the like of it in all your life. What was 'she to conclude except that Mr. Kit had throwed her over, and perhaps taken up with some of them country girls down here. It wasn't, you see, sir, as if he had written once and told her he meant to stick fast to her. And yet 6he couldn't bring her mind for to believe that such a nice young gent would be guilty of such conduct ; and of course she knows right well how bootiful she is, - though you never see her look that sort of way, as young ladies with a quarter of her good looks does. 1 declare to you, sir, when I was in the 'bus, holding of this bag exactly as you see me now, I felt that I could scratch out botli bis eyes, tall and strong as he is by Miss Kitty's account. Bless her gentle heart, what a way she will be in when she hears she have thought ill of him undeserving. Though a relief, sir, on - the whole, for I believe the never done it; and better be in a snow-driff than belong to another woman.' ' You are a remarkably sensible lady,' said my uncle, desiring to make the best of things. ' But 1 do not like to open poor Kit's letter ; and there are six of them already on a bracket by his bed, waiting till he comes round *a bit. You must understand, Mrs. Wilcox, what this means. He isn't off his head, exactly, but— you know that we all get a little abroad, when we lie on our backs 60 long as not to know our legs.' ' I do, sir, I do. I can feel it all through me, by means of what happened to my own husband. Ah, he was a man, could take a skuttle full of coals, and hold it out straight, the same as you might march up the aisle on a Sunday, with your hat right for'ard, to show that it was brushed and shining. But poor Wilcox, he went away at last, with a tub of clothes in his lungs, and the same may occur to the best of us ; mayn't it, Mr. Orchardson? But if you feel a delicate sort of feeling- about breaking open the young lady's letter, and the young gent from the snow-driff is still looking at his legs, 1 can tell you a good bit of what is going on; though I never was one, and Wilcox knew it, for hearkening so much as a word they say, .when the women have done with their teas, and the men stand against the low green paling?, with a pot, aud a pipe as long as their shirt sleeves. '' Well, sir, it do appear that two bad ones has turned up, over and above the one always there, which I will not name, consequent upon fear*. One was Sir Cum berance Hotchpots, or some such name, roving to be a .wicked man from the North; and the other was her brother, as ought to be all over, according to the flesh of marriage, sir. Donovan Rulwrag -s his name, but every one prefer to call him 'Downy.' A hulking young man is my opinion of him ; and it has been my lot to behold a good many. You may see it on the the tables, sir, that come down from the Mount, going into church any Sunday, that such is forbidden by die law of Moses, for any Christian man to marry. Their father is one, and their mother is one ; and they have no right to make a pair of them. You holds on with that, sir, as a respectable man, who has trodden his way in the world, is bound to do ?' ' Yes, Mrs. Wilcox, I hold to it strongly,' said my uncle, ' if I understand you. Do you mean* to tell me that this young man ? ' ' There is the fact, sir, and none of my telling. I was always a very bad hand at telling, though Wilcox he used to say otherwise, when he might be overcome in argument. But facts or no facts, the truth is as 1 tell you. This Mr. Donovan have come home, froni Germany, or some such foreign parts; and whatever his meaning is, that is what it comes to, M iss Kitty can't have no peace with him. And a yellow young man, Mr. Orchardson ; as yellow as a daffodil, his hair and beard and eyes.' ' I don't care a fig what his colour may be,' cried my uncle, being now on his high ropes; 'he mutt be a black blackguard, aud nothing else, if he dares to take advantage of a girl he should protect. Poor Kitty, what a kettle of fish she is in. You need not tell me, Ma'am, 1 can . see it all. I have always had a gift in that way. Though I have not had so very much to do with women, for which I thank the Lord, every night of my life, I understand their ways as well as if I had been one of them.' 'Then you must be a wonderful man, sir, indeed. The most wonderful I ever came across.' Mrs. Wilcox smoothed her dress, as if to ask what was inside it, but reserved her own opinion as to what was not. 'I mean it,' said my uncle, who grew stronger always, whenever called in question. u It may not be the general thing ; but so it is with me. And now I would venture to ask you, Ma'am, what you consider the next thing to do.' ' Well,' replied the lady, highly flattered by request for advice from such an oraclc, 'if I were a strongman and a very clever one, I know what I should do at once. I shou'd go up and fetch her away from them all, and let none of them come anigh her.' 'And what would you say, Ma'am, supposing you had doneit, when you found yourself served the next moming perhaps, with a warrant for abduction of a maiden under age, and then committed for trial as a criminal? What would you say to that, Mrs. Wilcox ?' ' I should say that the laws was outrageous, and made for the encouragement of vice and wickedness. And I should put it in the newspapers, right and left, till the public came and broke down the doors of the gaol, and got up a public subscription for me.' ' Where is her father? What is he about?' My uncle thought it waste of time to argue after that. ' Her father is the only person who can interfere. Has he been knocked on the head aud killed by one of his own battering rams ?' Mr. Orchardson's knowledge of scientific matters was more elementary than even mine. 'Not to my knowledge, sir; though like enough that will be the end of him. He have gone to the ends of the earth, 1 believe, to arrange for going ever so much further in the spring. There is no help to bo got from him, sir, now, if there ever was any chance of it. The poor young lady is delivered as a Iamb between two lions to devour her, with a tigress patting them on the back, and holding her down while they carrv it out. What will Mr. Kit say, if you allow it, sir?' . ' You may be quite sure that I will never allow it, though at present I ennnot see what to do. You have quicker wits than we have, Ma'am ; I ask you again, is there anything you can think of ? Has her father any friends who would take her in ?' ' Not one, to my knowledge,' answered Mrs. Wil cox, after counting on her finger-tips some names that she had heard of ; ' that dreadful creature have con trived to make every lady in the land afraid of her. And the poor Professor only knows the learned men, and the learneder they are the less they cares for one another. 'Tis the learning that is at the foot of all this trouble. You must see it so yourself, sir, when you come to think about it.' 'And the law, Mrs. Wilcox, the law is still worse. She is not of age, you see ; and her father has placed her, or at any rate left her, in the charge of that woman whom he has been fool enough to marry. If my nephew were in health I should say to him at once, ' Take the bull by the horns, or at least take the young lady, get a license and marry her, and defy those people. Her father's consent has been given ; and if he chooses to leave her iu that helpless state you must rescue her, and have no shilly-shallying. But for me to come and take her is another pair of shoes. It migl^t ruin her fair name as well as get me into trouble ; and what could I do with her when I had got her?' 'You are right, sir ; I see it all as clearly as you put it. But will you come up and have a talk with her? A word from you would go as far as ten from me. And it would make her feel so much less forsaken like. I could manage to get her down to my little place, and the news I have got for her about poor Mr. Kit will set her up in one way while it knocks her down in another. Ob, how she have cried to think that he could be so false to her, because she wouldn't believe a single word of it all the blessed time. And now, if I can send my little Ted to her to-night— the sharpest little chap be is in all the brick -and- mortar trade; he have never lost a sixpence, sir, from all them roaring navvies — though you might not think it, it will brisk her up amazingly. There is nothing so liagonising to the female spirit, sir, as to find itself forsaken by the other sex. And your.sephew, Master Kit, he mustn't think of dying vet ; no cough about him, sir, nor nothing in the kidneys, only got a chill from being frozen to a hicicle, and his head upon the moon, which goes for nothing. Lor', sir, the number of young men comes every day from the. best part of London, too, according to my* Ted, a-staringat the great works round our way, which is to be the fashion in a few more years, and not a head among them fit to go upon a donkey ! It doesn't matter what's the matter with the head, one item, sir, in these times now upon us and increasing daily. Keep your spirits up, sir, and I shall tell Miss Kitty. A young man as is all right, except inside his head, isn't no more to com plain of than a cuckoo- clock that have left off striking and keeps better time for that. What time did you say the last 'bus at Hampton was, sir? If I was to lose it, wherever should I be ? And a good step from here to Hampton, too.' ' 1 will send you to Hampton in the spring-cart, Mrs. Wilcox,' said my uncle, warmly joining in her estimate of the age; and. to-morrow, if the roads permit, I shall hope to call upon you, about 11 o'clock ; and if you can manage to get Miss Fairthorn to meet me, why it may be a little comfort to her, and we may be able, perhaps, to see what can be done for her.' (To be continued.) 