THE TJEAGUE OF PRAYER. •TO THE EDIT'K. Sir,—The arrangements for the all day. of prayer on Thursday, Oct. 3, are now'complete. Stow Lecture Hall has been secured, and ministers of various denom inations have consented to.preside, each- lor one hour. Hymns have been selected from "a number of hymn books, and printed- for. use ion that day, :Circular letters have been addressed to all ministers of religiop throughout the colony, excepting Roman CathollcB, Anglican, and Lutheran, requesting them to organize meetings of"Christian peppie, in ejery; town on thfi named. W& expect to hear thatTin many pi acestiiey hare done so, and that thus a great league of prayer for the Holy Spirit's richer outpouring will be observed. But there are many who cannot meet with others on that day. They are in> lonely places; they are hindered by business, or household duties; they are infirm, or sick, or waiting upon the affiicted. Yet even these can join in spirit with their fellow worshippers, spread over all Australia in special prayer for the revival of God's work. May we urge them all to do so? The need is great; sin prevails ; scepticism in various forma endeavours to undermine the truth ; the passion for pleasuie and sport, with its attendant vice of gambling, is ruining many. Can the Christian church look on unmoved, whilst souls perish for whom Christ died ? It is not unmoved. Christian ministers and people are pained to tbe heart at tbe sin that abounds and the slow progress of the truth. We have toiled and studied, but have we prayed as much, as fervently, as believingly as we ought to have done. Here is "the one allconquering weapon of the church, and it is to the united use of this that all Christian people are called in this League of Prayer. The call is to, all who believe in the Holy Ghost, and that in answer to prayer, now, as in apostolic times, it pleases God to fulfil His ancient promise ' T will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh 1' We may differ in expression, but to expect outpouring or manifestations of the Holy Spirit's presence and power is only to expect what the apostles and earlyChristians, what the church in all ages and in all lands, and what many in our own time have received, and receiving have been indued with power from on hi^li, and so become fruitful beyond all their expectations in God's service. Pulpit notices have been supplied to all churches in the city and neighborhood. May we ask all ministers not only to read them but also to bring the subject prominently before their hearers, and urge their.observance of the day of prayer for an outpouring of the Spirit, and if possible to attend at least during some portion of the day of the united meeting. I am, yours truly, R. M. HUNTER, Secretarv of Committee. 