A FACE IN CASTLE PEN MERE. Castle Penmore was a twofold ediñc One portion was feudal, historical, at uncomfortable ; the other had been rebui after a large fire, l>y the father of tl present owner, Lord Penmere, who lu simply given orders to his architect ' carry out the idea of the primitive arch tecture, and allowed him to execute after his own will. The result had bee that two new turrets matched the two ol ones ; that mullioned windows and hatti inents of modern stones were joined wit tho antique battlements aud windowi that, externally, the restored parts ha never ceased to, look like an impertinei parody of the first ; and that iotaraall and for ail purposes of habitation an comfort, they were immeasurably supi rior. The four turrets of Castle Penmore t it now stood were placed in communie! tion with each other, on the first story, fa leng arched corridor, on which the prix cipal bed-chamoers opened, surrounding large square hall lit from the roof, fa which access was gained, on the one sid< to the saloons and reception rooms of th new wing, on the other, to the armourj guard-room, disused chapel, and othe interesting features of the old keei Above the latter the space had been mad available for secondary apartments, whic were once the nurseries of the numerou olive-branches of the Penmore household end more lately had been given up t Cyril-Penmore, the youngest boy, and hi tutor, Mr. Fairfield. The architectural parody, somewha deserted iu spring aud summer, received ; goodly company during the autumn am winter months, and the castle was then a! bright and cheerful as it was severely dui at other times. Lord and Lady Penmore had condemn ed themselves to live nearly the whoh year rouud ou their estates in Cumberland ea as to be better able to provide for thi establishment of their sons and daughter on their limited means. They had sac ceoded, not without much management some disapposntmouts, and a great expon diture of diplomacy. The daughters hai married well-some for rank, others foi money, exceptionally one for love. Tin sons bad gone out into tho world, and dont bravely in the Army, the Church, th< Colonies ; on orange and cattle ranges or taa-growing at Assam : the heir, bettei still by marrying the only daughter ant heiress of an exceedingly wealthy sausage manufacturer of Chicago, on whom he . conferred, with a little expectmt. thc privilege of spending the paternal dollars in the best set of London, where hst Americanisms were voted humourous and her twang racy. Cyril, who was then fifteen, was too delicate for public school or University, and had to be educated almost entirely af home. His last tutor was a young man of groat ability, excellent manners, aud gentlemanly bearing. With all these advantages he had, from tho first-and fiat was nearly two yeaas ago-withdrawn himself as tnnch as he was able from the social amusements of Castle Penmore, apparently desirous of remaining abso- lutely within the limits nf his professional duties, aud politely but persistency de- clining any of Lord or Lady Penmere's invitations to join the general circle when the house was full. Wheu not engaged with his pupil he spout most of his time in his own rooms in the north tum t, where he had a bedroom and sitting-room pro- tected by the thickness of tho walls, the heaviness of the do^rs and along corridor, from even the eclfo ,of tho bustle and animation Of tho rest of the Castle. Sur- rounded by books and maps, he found ample means of indulging his scholarly tastes ; moreover, Mr. Fairfield had un- dertaken to write the annals of Castle Penmere, with its interesting legends, traditions, and half-forgotten history. ' The previous autumn, Lady Penmere's widowed daughter, Mrs. Bellamore, had spent two months at the Castle. She had lost her husband after three years of connubial indifference; was childless; anflptei bereavment being already eigh- teen months old, and she herself only twenty-five, while the late Mr. Bellamore had been forty, fat, and pompous even as a bridegroom, she had arrived at the exact moment when a woman feels justified in laying- aside the last conventional shades of perfunctory regret, and in subduing her mourning with such little toncbes as will convey to the intelligent observer that she can once more be looked upon as a subject of hopeful personal interest. Sybil Bellamore was very beautiful. Hers was a cold and stately beauty that was clearly incompatible with flirtations, archness, or coyness; sho had never taken, and never permitted, a liberty. The world called her haughty aud ambit ioas; her parents, who knew how docile she had beeu in the matter of her mar- riage, confidently expected that she would j be as easily persuaded to barter the wealth left her by the rich Mr. Bellemore for a j coronet, that would be more easily obtain- able by the wèalthy widow tlian by the penniless Sybil Penmore. A middle-aged nobleman, Lord Jimplc more, appeared more than willing to second the aspirations of Lady Penmore, and convert her dreams into a reality., He had been staying at the Castle during that visit of Mrs. Bellamore, and instantly declared himself her devoted admirer ; tho course of his mature affections was made to run on castors ; all obstacles in , tho shape of enterprising youthful ador I era were vigilantly removed, and every opportunity afforded for tête à tètes with the fair Sybil. Mrs. Bellamore, although half carelessly, half smilingly suffering the veiled congratulations tendered to her on the suit of Lord Jimplemore, had evidently, as yet, either not brought the nobleman to a definite proposal or, what seemed more probable, successfully eluded it. In the meantime Mr. Fairfield, in the north turret, remained unconscious of the comedy enacted in the new wing, only meetiug the briliiaut actors therein for a few moments at meals, aud receiviug no notice from Mrs. Bellamore, to whom he had been hurriedly presented on the night of her arrival. One morning she was sitting, listless áud alone, iii the deep embayed window of the armoury, looking vaguely on the prospect beyóud. Suddenly she rose, hurried to the hall, caught up a cloak which she wrapped round her, and, bare- headed, slipped oat of the front door. Hastily crossing the terrace and the lawn, she turned into a thick shrubbery od the left. She had not g »ne far when she saw Mr. Fairfield leaning against a tree. He held a book in his baud, but was not read- ing. Sybil did not appear surprised at finding the young man there, and walked deliberately up to him. ' How long have you been at Castle Penmere, Mr- Fairfield ?' she asked. * Since last June, Mrs. Bellamore.' , What made you come here V ' Necessity and chance ?' * You did net control-chance V 'No. Why should I ? I have lost the opportunity of making a living in Aus- tralia by lingering too long in London. I am poor'-he hud a very light stress on the word-* and, unfortunately, a gentle- man, which means that I am not fit for much. I tried to put n.y University honours to some use, and applied for a tutor's place. My agent shewed me Lord Penmere's proposals ; I preferred them to others for the ono condition that I was to live entirely in the country, which means away from London, f rom-women,' he added bitterly. * Why dou't you say from m3 V asked Mrs. Bellamore calmly. * Well, yes-you. I had boen a pre sitmptotts fool, an egregious ass.' ' How a ?' interrupted Mrs. Bellamores again. ' You want to bo told, do you ? Well I will tell you. Because I, Horace Fair- field, presumed to love the beautiful Mrs. Bellamore; because I dared to. think that she had guessed at my love, and did not spurn it.' 'Après V said Sybil, in the same cold voice. 'I spoke to hor : you know what she answered. ' ' Yes ; that if she married again she would loose her superb jointure, aud be- come as poor as you were-do sot inter- rupt me, Mr. Fairfield. It pleased you tc see in those words a proof of niy]cupidity: you raved, and, after much incoherent nonsense about the folly of supposing that in a woman's eyes loyal affection would outweigh bags of gold-yes, you said bogt -you rushed out of my presence like a madman, leaving me free to suppose-' .WhatP' 'Naturally that yon loved me for my fortune only-not for myself-and that my test had proved it.' The young mau looked at her in dumb stupor; a great wave of colour rose to his forehead, aud receding, left him very pale, Laying his lund on her arm, he said, ' By Heaven, this is a lie 1' then with a proud lifting of his head, he added firmly, ' and yon know it Sybil.' Mrs. Bellamore remained motionless; gradually a smile played oa her lips and softened her whole face. Lifting hei beautiful opes to Mr. Fairfield's for the first time, she said ; 'Yes, Horace, I know it. I knew you to be incapable of anythiug mean-] guessed what was in your thoughts when you did not return to me ; I had wanted to be sure of your disinterested lora that was all. You were too fond of me to drag me down into poverty-is that not so? It is all over now : you have punished yourself and mc long enough ; 1 am rich -will always be so. Well,' she continued, as the young man remained silent-' wed?' ' There is nothing changed bstween us, Mrs. Bellamore. You are the wealthy widow, I the tpenniless tutor, I have let my chance of honourable independence slip by-I must not fogefc it.' ' Ü, the meanness of a man's pride ! to gratify it, you would break a woman's heart. But you have not tba right ,- you owe me some reparation for having humbled mine in seeking you out for this explanation ; it is no longer in your power , to make it useless.' ! Sybil thought she heard steps approach- ing ; she took Mr. Fairfield's arin and led him deeper iuto tho woods. What tirgu monts slio used, whether she succeeded in her persuasions, was never known. They returned to tho Castle by different roads, ¡ and henceforth exchanged no word I together. At thc end of a week Mrs. Bollamore returned to London, and Lord Jiinplemore was allowed to bo her escort. They both promised to return to Castle Penmere the following autumn. In February Mr. Fairfield asked for a fortnight's leave to attend to 6ome private business. On his return he informed Lord Penmere that, through tho unexpect- ed support of au influential personage, he had been promised the reversion of a lu- crative directorship, to fall due at the end of- the year, aud that, in consequence, he was obliged te relinquish his duties at the Castle with the customary six month's notice agreed upon on either side. September came, and brought the anneal contingent of guests; among them Mrs. Bellamore, with uovostage of mourn- ing in her elegant costumes, and a gentle smiling condescension that boded good luck to the attentions of Lord Jimplemora which had become even more pertinent than the previous year, and excited to fever-heat the enthusiasm of the mimerons competitors who entered the lists with the amorous nobleman. Sybil agaia occupied her old rooms in the south turret, and from the projecting gabledSwindow conld see, when she retired for the night, a light burning in the corresponding casement of Horace Fairfield's study opposite. An imaginative wanderer passing in the darkness under the walls would have fancied that the rays falling from the two ^turrets, were a pair of watchful eyes on the face of the Castle, in mysterious expectation of some adventure. Mrs. Bellamore had no opportunity of meeting Mr. Fairfield ; Cyril had been ailing, and his tutor left him but little, taking his meals with the boy alone, and making the necessity of finishing the aunáis of Castle Penmere before his departnre from England a lesson for se- cluding himself entirely in his own apart- ments. One November day Sybil went out riding with a large party ; her horse shied at a peasaut's red umbrella, reared, and threw her. She was insensible aud car- ried home, On examination her injuries were fouud by the doctors to be of a less serious nature than had been apprehended, but the shock to her system and a severe strain would necessitate almost complete immobility for several weeks. After the first days she was able to lie on the sofa aud read, but neither to writ* nor to receive visitors. The accident was all the more uufortuuatc that shortly after it happened, a sudden accession was made to the house' party in tho person of a couple of maiden aunts, sisters of Lord Penmere, who having volunteered their visit, uaturajly expected to be made doubly welcome. Ic consequence the housekeeper was put tc her wits' ends, and a great shifting ol rooms was imperativo to secure suitable apartments for tho elderly maidens-s difficult task to be accomplished without giving offonce or causing discoinfori to tho first comers. Among the people already staying at Castle Penmore was a young mau-Mr Julian Fellows-who had never been asked before, but who had been recom- mended to Lord Penmere by one of |thc sons, and had arrived . after Mrs Bellamore's accident. He was a cheerful, clever fellow, and au invaluable acquisition in a country house. Ono rainy day he had explored the old part of the Castle, taken sketches of gateways, doors, arches, and lancet-windows, and in the evening had begged to be told all the queer stories of ghosts and supernatural agencies which must inevitably belong to so I ancient a building. The next morning i Mr. Fellows appeared at breakfast with a palo, troubled face ; ou being asked if he was Ul he gave a confused answer, an0 when further pressed, consented to give an explanation on condition that it would be treated seriously. His manner excited general curiosity; the promise was readily granted, and he began as fol- lows : " Last night, after leaving the smoking room, I went straight to ray bedroom, aud. with my brain still filled with the strang stories relating: to the Castle, I looke even more curiously upon my tapestry hung walls, my deep narrow wiudowi and my aak nail-studded door. Eec after 1 was in bed I left-the candle bars ing, so that the apartment was not in th least dark. Presently, just as I wa thinking of putting it out I heard faint rustling of drapery in tho corrido] aud almost immediately the door movw slowly inwards. I am not ashamed to sa that I felt considerably startled and some what nervous. The door, which as i opens hides my bed, swung back, a figur dressed in creamy white glided in, turned locked it behind her, aDd turned agaii towards _ the interior of tho room. 1 light which she held in lier hand reveals a pale beautiful face, dark hair, shaded but no J concealed, by a fall of lace, am I lustrous eyes beaming with excitement ! Like ono perfectly acquainted with tin room, the form glided to the bedside bent over me, and distinctly murraurei the word ' Darling Î ' then, with wild shriek, throw up her arms, and, droji ping the light, fled. I suppose sh vanished through the door, bitt I coal not swear to it ; only if ever a man s&\ a ghost, I was that mau last night." Lord and Lady Penmore looked at eac other. Some weeks before, thev hat heard that a muid pretended to have seei a strange apparition in ono of tho galleries but as the statement had received n further confirmation it had been forgot ten. Au old .friend shook his heat gravely, saying that certainly there usei to be a ghost in the old building, but wa; frowned down by his hostess. Ali th others accepted youug Fellow's story wit that incredulous superiority lavished o; supernatural adventures related by third party, and one aspiring barriste quietly suggested that if Follow' nocturnal visitor had dropped her candle stick, by Jove ! where was the candle stick P A group of septics proceeded b the young man's room, where he re hearsed the scene for them ; the maid Were summoned aud cross-questioaei forensically about the light. One o them admitted that she had found tin gentleman's candlestick on tho floor in tin morning, and thought he must hav< knocked it over in his sleep, and that i was a mercy he had not set the place 01 fire. .titter this Mr. Fellows was mercilessly chaffed by the other men, and looked a disparagingly by the women, win evidently suspected that the visiou wai .evolved out of the fumes of tobacco anr b.-and-s. with which the young man had been impregnated in the smoking-room Archie Fellows, naturally a good tempered young man, was roused t< something like anger, and spent the rest of-the morning in his rooms in big) dudgeon. However, just before lundi he made his appearance in the drawing room with a sheet of paper in his hana and walking up to Lady Penmere, whe sat by tho fireplace surrounded by half a-dozen ladies and as many men, said to her a little excitedly. " Fon all affect to laugh at me and disbelieve me ; I really think you fancy I was drunk last night. Well, I am a bit of a painter, you know, and 1 did not require a second sitting from my ghostly model to enablb me to reproduce bet features : Ï shall never forget them ; first, ¡ her lovely smile, then her terror. This is exactly how tho apparition looked ; and ' ho hold up th« sheet of paper, pres -utiug to thc audience a masterly sketch of a woman robed in white, with a hood oí lace half thrown back from her head, clear-cut featnres, a proud sensitive mouth, and large tender eyes. A chorus of exclamations burst forth simultaneously : " Sybil ! Mrs Bellamore ! My daughter!" Lord Penmore strode up to the art ist. " Are you aware whose likeness this is?" he asked angrily. Archie Fellows re- mained mate and confounded. *' Is this au unmannerly trick?" continued Lord Penmere. "Once moro, who is this meantfor ?" ?" It is my ghost of last night," faltered the young mau, embarrassed by the com- motion" he had caused, and who had never in his life seen Mrs. Bellamore. Lady Penmere rose hastily, and led the way to the dining-room her guests feel iug uncomfortable, followed her. Lord Jimplemore, who had only just como in, and was imperfectly grasping the facts, exclaimed loudly, " Preposterous ! What the dickens could -Mrs. Bellamore have been doing in the north turret f It was the tutor's room which Archip Fellows had occupied ; he had been moved into it when extra accommodation had been required in the new wing ; and tor the last fortnight Mr, Fairfield had been sleeping in a dressing-room near his pupil, That same evening Mrs, Bellamore had a long conversation with Lady Penmore, aud astonished her mother not a little by the news she communicated to her. news of which she had postponed tho telling till she could soften them by such additional fact« as would make thom tugre acceptable to lier parents, but whicVi the iucideuts just recorded had compelled her to precipitate. As fur as tba world went she cared little for its blame or approval. " Listen to me patiently, dear," she began. "Mr. Fairfield-" " Pray what has your brother's tutor to { do with you ?" interrupted Lady Penmere severely. " I bog you will not drag him into your affairs." ' After what has happened yesterday, mother dear, I must mention Iiis name. I was married to Horace Fairfield last February-hush ! don't be angry. I had known and loved him before ever he came here, and but for a foolish mis- understanding-no matter, that is over now. Horace did not wish to marry a rich woman before he was himself in- dépendant ; he-I-we-" and hera Sybil hesitated and blushed-" well, it was no uso waiting a yoar till he could enter upon his appointment in India, even if wo made believe to do so, 60 wo were married secretly up in Loudon. O, I know it was romantic and foolish ; but you see, mother, I am twenty-six, and I never had any romance in my life like other girls. Before my accident I used sometimes at night to visit my husband in the north turret ; we had signals which we under- stood ; his candie burning in his window at once told me I could come without danger. The other night, for the first time since the accident, I felt strong enough to attempt the journey to the north tower. I waited till at the usual hour the light burned clear. I came you can guess that I found a stranger instead of-" " And that ho painted your face, and others recognised it, you imprudent woman ! That boy Fellows has shown your portrait to a score of people as that of the lady who invaded his room at night," Sybil drew herself up proudly; Mother," she said, "both as your daughter and as Mr. Bellamore's wife, I have earned the right to be above suspicion and misconstruction. You may till onr friends-and I shall if yon do not wish to do so-that in a month Mr«. Horace Fairfield leaves England with her husband -a bride of nearly a year." Lord Jimplemore thought, the whole explanation extremely odd, when it was given to him, in cora mon with the rest of the house-party, by Lord Penmore, after Mrs. Bellamore's departure, and con- gratulated himself that he had not pro- posed to a young woman who acted ghost iu bachelors' rooms. Horace Fairfield never had occasion to repeat that he took to his heart the Face in (Jostle Penmere ; but Archie Fellows has always regretted that his visit was not meant for him. TkelWorld. THE evils resulting from the " ringbarking " of trees in Victoria by wood splitters, saw- mill proprietors, selectors and pastoralists is referred to at considerable length, Bays th« Melbourne Age, by Mr. Perrin, the conserva- tor of forests, in a report furnished to the Minister of Lands on the subject of foreut conservation. Tho damage dono in thia way, not only in this colony, hut also in New South Wales and Sooth Australia, in do scribed as appalling. The evil, however, does not end here, for, according to Mr. Perrin, tho ruthless destruction hod changed the climatic condition ot' the colony, reduced the rainfall, and dried up tho rivers and creeks, and led to the silting up of bays. He states that miles upon miles of gaunt white skele- tons (trees) meet the eye of the thirsty and heated traveller as he toils across the coun- try, once beautified by forest glades, now, alas, desolate in placea. The sheep standing in mobs under the glaring Australian SUB vainly try to escape the fierce effects of the the noonday heat ,v,by tucking their heads beneath each other to reap the scanty shade afforded by their bodies.' Referring to the influence exercised by the hot weather owing to the denudation of tho forests, Mr. Perrin sxys :-" Tho burning sirooco from the hot desert sand of Central Australia sweeps over treeless wastes and stony deserts, and blasts with its burning breath the labours of the farmer in tho agricultural area of the sister colony of South Australia. Sweeping onwards without oheok across Gcrubby wastes of mallee, it reaches Victoria, and then, still hurrying on- ward, it dries np the scanty water supply of the struggling farmer, desiqates the huge dams of the squatter, whistles the skeletqn tress, whose leaf less, lifeless limbs, away in the hot air, and with mournful moana of varied intonation voice the dirge sqn^ by millions of trees laid waste by the axe of tba ringbarked" In the case of the des,: traction of tree life in Ifew South "Vyaies, Mr. Perrin holds that it is no wonder she ia cursed with drought and devastated by flgqds year by year until her shepherd kings ape reduced to beggary and fartners to ruin." The whale of Mr. Perrins' exhaustive reportj is written in this romantic strain, DOUBTFUI, COCOAS.-A elution s issued by Messrs. Cadbury, warning the public against Dutoh Cocoas and their English imitations, erroneously called pure, which contain about 4-pe rçent. of added alkah, 4?. The absolut« purity of Cadbnry's COCOA is guaranteed,,-T Advt g. 