NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Circus. Theatre. Skating. Tom back. Parnell hissed in court. Bent is going to appeal. Armenians discontented. Samoan question settled. Another idiot with a gun. "A mere gutter dictator." Paris attracting the world. "New Men and Old Acres." Races at the Rink on Thursday Boycotting in the Civil Service. Knutsford to our departed William. A man kills his wife, child, and himself. Boulanger going back like a whipped boy. Fearful tragedy near Sydney on Saturday. Two horses disqualified at Saturday's meet. Sheffield Handicap at Parkside on Thursday. Freemasons going to "receive" Lord Kin- tore. Another railway accident in New South Wales. An exciting draughts tournament has been opened. Another defalcation of levanter Wood dis- covered. Honest Tom did not go near his constituents this time. Mayor Shaw has been making a speech at Brisbane. Cowen advertising himself at the expense of Australia. A three-year old scooped the Goodwood Handicap. More of the railway line wahed away near Manahill. Charles Dilke expects to get back to public life directly. The Norwoods had goal-kicking practice at Kensington. How many banquets did Tom give during his last tour 1 a Carlton went down before Port Melbourne on Saturday. O'Connor has accepted Searle's challenge to row for £500. Mr. L. J. Lohr, the genial entrepreneur, is around again. The Rev. W. B. Fletcher explains the Bud- dhist doctrine. Bishob Barry has preached his farewell ser- mon in Sydney. Who is that high official guilty of prostitut- ing his position? Buddha was a proper sort of chap according to Mr. Fletcher. Jimmy Shaw told the Kanakas all about our drainage system. When will silly people stop fooling with "unloaded" guns? Australia is to be whipped into obedience, so the Chinkies think. More sensations being created before the Parnell Commission. Marquis of Ormonde to be the new Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. West Australia will get a new constitution— minus control of the lands. The Governor and Lady Kintore attend the Theatre to-morrow evening. Adelaides scored the first football win on the Oval for the new season. A new Masonic office to be created in South Australia for the "little chief." Henniker, the ghost owner, has been thanked for his interference in Irish affairs. More harvest for the lawyers in the City Land Company's action against Bent. The uncrowned king admits that he told a deliberate lie in the House of Commons. Jules Ferry had better beware, or he will feel the vengeance of the brave Boulanger. As to music, Australia was a barren field when the money-grubbing Cowen came to it. Downing-street is pleased with the apprecia- tion earned by Sir William Robinson in S.A. Billy O'Brien to be unconditionally released to give evidence before the Statutory Commis- sion. The Patriotic League in France is going to abstain from agitation during the Paris Exhi- bition. Cowen, the hurdy-gurdy man, tells the Londoners that he created a love for music in Australia. Qung Tart says the Chinese did not like their countrymen being sent back and thrown on their hands. A change to be made in the payment by results system in connection with the Victorian State schools. A youth pointed a gun at his brother, think- ing it was unloaded. It was. His brother died suddenly. Parnell does not come out of his cross- examination quite so clean as his friends be- lieved he would. Witnesses will be careful in giving evidence before commissions when some jack-in-office can punish them. There are 2,404 undergraduates now in resi- dence at Oxford, as compared with 2,382 at the same period last year. The Melbourne people who paid Cowen, and paid the chorus girls and others to shower flowers on the individual, have done Australia a great injury. The celebration of the centenary of the French Revolution which took place in Mel- bourne on Saturday was attended by the French consul. M. Renaudin, an ex-army veterinary, who served at Waterloo, attributes his having at- tained the age of 105 years to the fact that neither he nor his father ever smoked. Jamaica is forsaking rum-making for fruit raising. During 1888 there were exported 6,000,000 cocoanuts, more than 3,000,000 bunches of bananas, and 48,000,000 oranges, Among the candidates for membership who were recently selected by the committee of the Carlton Club, under the powers specially entrusted to them, was Mr. Edmund Yates. The massacre of Glencoe is to be the subject of the new opera which Mr. Hamish McCann, the composer of "The Ship o' the Fiend," is about to write for Mr. Carl Rosa. The libretto is to be undertaken by Mr. Legalien, in colla- boration with Mr. Wilson Barrett. At the annual exhibition of the Royal Meteorological Society, held at the Institute of Civil Engineers, Great George-street, West- minster, the chief feature is a collection of in- struments for measuring the duration of sun light and the variations of the intensity of the solar heat. In the neighborhood of Drumcollogher, in the south of Ireland, two men, after attending a religious "pattern," have been suddenly taken ill and both are dead. The cause of death is ascribed to some deleterious substance used in adulterating the whisky the deceased drank on the occasion. Sir Hercules Robinson, as High Commis- sioner in South Africa, has notified the Trans- vaal Government that the mediation of a foreign State in the Grobelaar-Khama affair would be unsatisfactory, and that the Imperial Government will decide the incident as between the Transvaal and Khama. Yet another exhibition! This time it is a loan exhibition in London of antique and historical shoes, buckles, and spurs. There are 12 titled patronesses of this venture, and no doubt their efforts will bring about a curious assortment of cast-off articles which may still retain some features of interest, historical and otherwise. The trade of Nova Scotia seems to be in a flourishing condition. It is estimated that no less than 1,000,000 dollars are paid in wages to mechanics, miners, glassworkers, and laborers within a radius of 10 miles round New Glasgow. There are no less than £300,000 on deposit in the Government Saving Banks in and about the vicinity of Pictou County. Messrs. Donald Carrie & Co. received infor- mation of the arrival of their steamer Roslin Castle at Cape Town at 11 a.m. 19th March. This royal mail packet left Dartmouth at 3.45 p.m. on the 1st March for the Cape via Lisbon and Madeira, and the net steaming time of her passage has been 17 days 15 hours 6 minutes, just 36 minutes in excess of her previous pas- erge, which was the fastest on record from England to South Africa. AN EPITAPH. This was what they put on his tombstone Be to his virtues very kind! Be to his faults a little blind! For he'd half a dozen wives, you'll find. A COUNTER PLOT. THEY MET. He was a counter-jumper, And she a city belle; And when she came to purchase 'Twas his delight to sell. THEY MARRIED. But strange are fate's decisions. 'Tiss now the other way— He buys for his late customer, She sells him every day. 