THE HEAD MAN OF VAftEEY . GRANGE -A GHOST STOIiiY.' (Continued.) “ You cannot mean it, Frctl"! Varley Grauire! why it has not been inhabiteil for ten years ; ami the hist time—- Oh! <l0 you remember thosfc poor people who took it.’ What a terrible story it was !” andsheshud dered. •• Well, it is taken now," Isaid, “ by aiirnn Ijknow, called Henderson—a bachelor; he lias asked down a pa rty of men for a week’s shoot ing, and Jack Darent is one of them.” “ For heaven's sake prevent him from going!" cried Helin.chisping her hands. “ Jly.dear. he is gone-.'” she sheii, i word or w - “Heiyy' lievijih, “Dili ■faintly '“No,_- _ two, hut he began to-Laugh. Ves. that is how it always is !'’ she said, distractedly. “ People laugh, ami pooh pooh the wiuile thing, mid-then they go there "and see for themselves, and it is too late !” She was so thoroughly upset that she left 1 the loom. Sly wife turned to me in aston ishment-; not being a Westernshife woman' ;he was not up inthe‘traditions ot' that vcne-‘ ruble Couutv. What on earth does it all mean, Fred?” she asked me in amazement. What is the; matter with Bella, and why is she so distres-' 1 that Captain Dareut is going to stay at j that particular house ,1” It is said to be hahnted-; and •You don’t mean to say you believc'in; shell rubbish, Fred'.'” interrupted -my wife, -tei'hly. with a side glance of appreheuson at' our first born, who, needless to say, stood by,: all eyes anil-ears, drinking :ih every word-of the conversation of his elders. ' “ I never know what 1 believe or Wlmt I j don’t believe,” I answered, gravely. “All l can say is. that there are very singular tmdi-j tions about that house, and that a great many! credible witnesses have seen a Very strange! thing there, ami that- a great ihany disasters' havu happened to the persons who have Seen-. What has been seen, Fred? pray tell nie< the story—wait, 1 think 1 will send -the! Children away.1’ , My wife rang-the bell for the nurse, and as, sooii ns the little ones had been taken from, the room, she turned to me again. 1 “ I don't believe in glipsts or any-such rub-' bish one bit, bht l. should like to hear, your! “ The story is v.n'ghc enough,” I answered.; In olt'l days Varley Grange belonged to the ancient -family of -Varley," now Completely! extinct. There was some hundred years ago/ laughter famed tor her beauty aud'her! ’fascination. ■ hire wanted ‘to marry a poor,: penniless squire, who loved her devotedly.: Her brother, Dennis Varle.v,-the new owner' of Variev Grange, refused his consent-, ami, shut up'his Sister ill the nunnery that used’ stand outsi'de his park gates—there are a few. ruins of it left still. Tue poor Nun broke her' vows anil ran away in the night with her lover, lint her brother ipursucil her, and! brought her back with him — the lover' escaped—lmt the -lord of Varley murdered, his sister under his own rot>f—swearing that' no scion of his 'race'should live to disgrace, and dishonour his ancient name. . 1-1 ver since that day Dennis Varlcy’s, spirit cannot rest in Its grave—1m wanders^ about the old house at night time, niid those who have seen him are numberless. Now, and then the pale, shadowy form of a NlnV flits across the old hall, or along the gloomy passages—and where both strange shapes are seen thus together, misfortune and illness, toil even death, isslire to pursue the luckless, man who has seen them, witli romoiseless, cruelty.” . . , ,, „t I wonder you believe lit such rubbish, says my wife, at the conclusion of my title. , I shrug my’shoulders and answer .nothing, j for who are so obstinate as those who persist in disbelieving everything that they caf.uot understand ? -» ■ -* ** ■* "»'■ It was little more than a week later-thaV walking by myself along Pali Mai. dne afternoon, suddenly Oame upon Jack Dareut walking towards me. Hallo, Jack ! back.again-.’ why man, how odd votir-look!” * There was a change in the iuin. that I was instaiitlv aware of. His frank, eareless-faee. looked Clouded and anxious, -and the merry smile was missing fro n his handsome countc-; nance. j Cjiiicinto the Cluh,-Frcil." he-said, taking] me by tlie-arm. •• 1 have -something to say; His drew nvc - into a corni/r, Of 'the Club smokingTooni.. -1 .. .i'ou were quite right— I wish to'Hba'vcn] I had never gone to that house.'' You mean—aave you seen anything.’ ’ 1; enquired, eagerly. : I have seen firry thing.'' he answered,, with a shudder. '“-They say one dies within; a year—” ' j My dear fellow, don’t he -so upset-about; it.” 1 interrupted : L was quite distressed to! see how thoroughly the man was-al tered. “Let me-tell you aboutit, -Fred.” • He drew his chair close to mine, and told; me his - story, pretty nearly-in the following; ■You remember the day -I went down von; had kci t mo talking at the Club door-; I had a race-to catch the train-; however, [.just did;' I found the other fellows all w.iitiujr fot There was Charlie Wells, ■ the two Har-] fords—old Colonel lliddell, who is such ai crack-shot, two fellows in the Guards, both pretty fair, a man called Thompson, a barris-; ter, Henderson, and myself, eight- of ns in.’ all. .We had a remarkably lively .journey! down.-as'you -may-imagine, and reached] Vatley Change in the highest possible spirit. We all slept like tops that night. * The next day were out front - eleven’fill! dusk ainong-the coverts, and a better day’s) shooting I never 'enjoyed’in the whole course, of my life, the birds literally swarme I. We; bagged a hundred ami thirty brace. We; were all pretty well tired when we-got home,! aud did full justice to n Very good dinner and; first-class l’e'rrier-Jouet. After dinner, wej adjourned to-the hall to -smoke, this hall] is quite the feature of the house. It is large] and bright, panelled half-way up with som-] bre old oak, and vaulted with heavy carved) oaken rafters. -At the farther end runs a; gallery, into which opened the doo'r'of ihvi beil room, and shut off -from the rest of thej passages by a swing door at either end. “ Well, all we fellows sat'up there smoking,, anil drinking brandy and soda, and jawing, you know—as men always do when they, aye; together—about sport of nil kinds, hunting.] and shooting anil salmon fishing-'; and’! assU're yoh, not one of ns had' a thriught in our heads! beyond-relating some wotiilerful'ineideiit of .a; long shot.or a big fence, by which he eohld eacit cap the'lastispeaker's expeiici^eg. We, were just, I recollect, listening to n long story! from the old Colonel about his experiences': among the bisons in Caehemife, when snddeii-! lyr, one of us, 1 caift remember who it was/ gave a sort of shout and started to his feet,i pointing up at the gallery behind Us. We, all turned round, and there—I give yoh my 'ivoi'ilbf‘honour, Lester—stbod a man1 leaning over the rail of vthe gallery, -staring doivn: upon us'! . ! \- “We all saw him. Everyone of It's. Eight] of us, remember. He stood there fall ten 'seconds, He had ft long, tawny beard, ahd his hands, that were crossed together before him., •Were nothing bul'skiu ahd bone. But it was •his face that was so unspeakably dreadful., •It-was livid—the faceof adead mam!” To be concluded in our next. 