TALKON'OHAITQE. ijjn tor ma, as with aewallow'i wluge, [My to «Um ibeturUoeb oTthltiga Vibe Bar. i IlLprd ahjl Lady, Hopetoun wereuot satisfied with their reception on their • arrival last week, they moat, be exceedingly hard to please. The appearance and order of the crowd astonished even those accnstomed to Melbourne and the ways of Melbonrnites, and muBt have been a sort of revelation to the niew arrivals. No wonder if a little nervonsneBs was apparent on the part of Lord Hopetoun and his wife; to pass through a mile of surging crowd, all cheering yon frantically, must be a trying ordeal—though not unpleasant. It is to be hoped that the impression that His Excellency and hie con sort have of Melbourne is as favourable aa that which Melbourne has of them. An Irish friend of mine was greatly annoyed at the manner in which the Scotchmen ad mired Lady fiopetonn, in repeating, "Ah, mon, isn't she a bonny Scotch lassie." "She's bonny indeed,"he said, "only not Scotch at all, hot as Irish as St Patrick." As St Patrick was aFrencbman this assevera tion doeB not amount to much. But IriBh she certainly is, notwithstanding. If it be true, as rumour hath it, that Lord Hopetoun has remitted £50,000 to his bankers in Mel bourne, just that he may have some looBe cash bandy, there is every chance that he will make things "hum " daring his term of office. There has been the usual grumbling about the arrangements for the reception cere monial. Everybody, not unnaturally, desires to have a front place on these occasions, and that be or she should be specially considered If some of the grumblers would only try their handB at arranging a ceremonial themselves I fancy that no more would be heard of their complaintB. All things being considered, Thursday's demonstration must be pro nounced to have been a great success; and, instead of abase, a vote of thanks is due to thoBe who worked so hard, and under such difficulties, to make it so. Says a correspondent" I see that Martin Tnpper is dead. If popularity be the trne test of poetic merit he onght to be famous, for I believe that Tennyson, Browning, Swinburne, and Morris combined cannot equal him in the number of readers. Per haps, however, popularity is not the highest test ot poetic genius or of enduring fame Though, on the other hand, it does not necessarily follow that because nobody reads an author he mu8t be a genius. I must get a volume Of Tapper's poems. I am ashamed to say that I have never read one, and do not know a line of his poetry." It is pleasant to find that Stanley is in touch of civilisation again, and is about to emerge from the Dark Continent safe and triumphant. If the rumour be true that his agent has already sold his expected book containing an account of hiB travels and ex plorations for the enm of £40,000, he will have every reason to be content. It would be too bad if, after fighting the wily blacks, he had still to contend with the yet more wily booksellers. Tne worst of it is, however, that there will be a rush of authors to Africa fearful to contemplate. I must say that I am always delighted when Australians visiting parts beyond the seas find that things there are not so much better than those they left at home. I had a letter the other day from a dear friend now sojourning in Southern France, in which the writer says " We see the Mediterranean from our windows; it is beautiful and it is blue, but it iB not more beautiful,and notmore blue than Hobson's Bay as seen from the Esplanade Hotel." After all, there must be worse places than Aus tralia. He was a witness, and, of course, met with a witness's nsnal fate. He was bullied by one counsel and severely cross-examined by the other. At length he escaped from the box, and, fretting and faming, made hiB way out side, where, with corses loud and deep, he gave vent to his feelings of wrath and indig nation against the whole legal system, and especially against the mode of cross-examina tion by counsel. " It's shameful in a Christian land, shameful, sir! I wonder that the by standers don't Interfere to put a stop to it," Just then someone came out ot court "What's going on inside now t" he asked. "Blank is cross-examining your friend Jiboon, making him look inch a fool." "By Jove, I must see the fun I" and he incontinently bolted back into court to see his friend undergoing the operation that had so tortured himself. Auctioneers and estate agents are, as a rule, by no means backward in recommend ing the properties entrusted to them. Some times they allow their imaginations to run away with them, and show a wealth ot fancy and originality truly surprising. I do not know, however, that I have ever seen a more original recommendation than the following advertisement, issued by a Launceston house I agent:—'"For sale, the gentleman's resi denceknown aa * ,'occupied by the fafe Rev, Mr. —In these days of scepticism, when rash people venture to doubt the ex istence of disembodied spirits, a house with a'guaranteed ghost in occupation of the premises ought to find a ready sale. . A correspondent sends me an advertise-1 ment of a' Ballarat photographer. In it is given an extract from a letter of a gentleman not long resident amongst as, who is (I be lieve that (his {a the correct phrase) not Entirely .unknown in musical circles. He writes—"I don't know how to express my admiration of the beautiful photograph you took of me ; St is unquestionably the finest and most beautiful I ever saw in my Ufe,M The popt wjshea that— ••Somepower wad the girdegieug To see oureels a* others see u« bbt after all it is much jileasanter to see our selves as seen by ourselves, in mirrors or in phptographs. . . A correspondent Bends me the following letter received by him from a contractor. The latter, like little Lord Fauntleroy, seemo tohavetsken fcisapelling/rom bis ancestors. I mustsay thatTaympfcthise withhim in bis difficulties, and admire especially the noble ntannet with which he grappled ,with •* speci fied." ' Perhaps a fellow-feeling makesme somewhat kind:—" Mast, . ■ Deaf elrlsean. all the-work and I am not ehoure about the lenth of the logs ot the yards in N18, and let me know how maney miles their are to be grubbed in the lower road it is not road that is blocked at the end in N 20 and will yon let know what time is Spesfide for these work will obdlige by letting me know as early as possiable." Early laat week a terrible rumour spread amongst the brethren who commemorate annually the victory which aclever little Dutch man gained over his foolish English father-in law, one 12th of July, a couple of hundred years ago. With bated breath it was whis pered amongst them " Patterson has gone over to Borne." But, luckily, it turned out that one word was wrong in this version the careful Commissioner of Customs had only gone over " the Borne,' to see that the arrangements for the Ministerial guests were complete. So he escaped with a reprimand. They were talking of the Lady Loch diamonds, and Sir Benjamin was explaining to his sympathising friends how he had been promised that his cheque would be handed back to him. " And now," .he added dole fully, ". they have paid it into the revenue.' " Ah,"8aid the while-wais'cpated onp,mourn- j fully, but with a subdued twinkle in his eye, j " it's not a question of revenue, but of 'avin', you." He then leit suddenly. AULUS. 