THE MERCURY, HOBART: SATURDAY, OCT. WSM. . . ; - VÜ C EPITOME OF NEWS. Hobart Regatta Association annual meetting to-night. Rifle competition for Clarke Trophy continued to-day, 7 . -'- J ' Programme Victoria. Regatta published. Date of fixture Boxing Day. r- Special general meeting of Lefroy Cricket Club on 15th inst. (Tuesday). - "r, Programme of New Norfolk regatta adver trial. of'.'---. ,ï a a a '. JP-!' -' a u KT/.f c ' S ,(v )ii.iiïi.ii'l went nooQ over - The usual asaatJbHng of Jack Re on Monday evening in I f N Y Upwards ot^ia^Fa'jj«., -transfers' trials at t^jNewT»wn,Äe Wednesday. " view ks! j% . S T.A. and P. Saetetyt» claw Bufo day/he it is expected to be tktfbestever in Southern Tasmania. "-W G. Nation notifies his acceptance Stephenson's challenge" to row force championship of Tasmania., .-, ~ Latest news: from Teebar.; re Silver Queen, is that the men are beating the water 3in. per shift. - - - _ --=. I Names of intending candidates for Newcastle Junior Scholarship, Hutchins School, must be sent in to-day. I am is not City Council yesterday declined to accept, £1,000 cash to boot in re exchange of market site with Government, ,, , Optical and musical entertainment in connection with the Sacred Heart School, New Town on Monday evening. London wool market firm New Ministry formed in New Zealand. Proprietors of South Melbourne Citizen mulcted in damages £50 for libelling Mr. Gray. , i Y L [ Necessity for a London share register for Mount Morgan shares creating difficulty in selling." ' ' Large vote (120,000,000 marks) for German war expenditure, in the matter of new artillery and smokeless ammunition. or * Prince Ferdinand has left Bulgaria for Saxe Coburg to visit his mother. M. Stambouloff acts as regent. All Mr. Andrew Towns' properties at Hobartville, Clarendon, and Richmond housed under mortgage. New Zealand Government will despatch search steamer to look for possible castaways from ship County of Carnarvon. Jil The Over is en route for Berlin. He is not accompanied by the Czarina or any of the Royal family. Earl Carnarvon advocates carrying out of Mr. Balfour's scheme providing higher education for Ireland. Australian freightage rates increased 2s. 6d. a ton by London shippers, consequent on high charges made all round on settlement of dock labourers' strike Bristol Gasworkers Strike still continues. Men employed to replace them stoned, and consequently refused to work and returned home. , A bogus theatrical company promoter in Melbourne, who pocketed the moneys entrusted him by his dupes, has been convicted of fraud, and awaits sentence. IN the Legislative Council yesterday, The Licensing Bill was further considered in committee. Several clauses were amended, the most important being the alteration of the hour of closing hotels from 11.30 to 10 o'clock, and striking out the license fee for clubs. Leave was granted to reconsider the clauses providing for the hours of closing, and progress reported on them A message was received from the As. sembly, covering the Estates in Lunacy Bill, Life Assurance Companies Bill, returning the, Fisheries Bill with amendments, die agreeing to the Council's amendments in the Inspection of Machinery Bill, and agreeing to the amendments in the Land Tax Bill The Council adjourned at 10.10 until 4 o'clock on Tuesday. I 1 ? , IN the House of Assembly yesterday. The TREASURER stated it was not the intention of the Government to bring down a vote in aid of Rawed Schools for the service of the year 1890; and tabled a letter which he I. had addressed to the chairmen of the various committees on the subject, i > Personal explanations were made in reference to the appointment of the Agent > General for the colony and the new steam service, The amendment' made by the legislative Council in the Land Tax Act Amendment Bill [was agreed to, while those in the Inspection of Machinery Bill were disagreed to The Life Assurance Companies Act Amend- ment Bill, and the Estates in Lunacy Management and Administration Bill were I read a third time and passed. The amendments made in committee of the whole in the Fisheries Bill were agreed to. The measure was read a third time and passed. The Second reading of the Marine Board Bill was moved by the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, and debate followed. The motion, was agreed to and the bill was passed through committee with the exception of the schedules, and one or two post, oned clauses. The House adjourned at, 10.90 until 4 o'clock on Tuesday next.? IN the course of the discussion on the Licensing Bill in the Legislative Council yesterday, the very good principle was several times laid down, that whatever the law may be people should be made" to obey it. The principle is, no doubt, one to which, as a principle, all must give unqualified assent yet it happens to be just one of those principles which lead inexperienced persons into many foolish) actions, and cause a great deal of bad legislation, i For, before we can make everybody obey the law, we must take care that the law is regarded by people generally as a just" and reasonable one, and that it does not run counter to the general wishes and habits of the community. Those who have taken the trouble to inquire into this very important branch of social philosophy, which, we are sorry to, say, not very many of our legislators, professional or, j amateur, have know very well how (conclusive the evidence is, and how it is accepted thoroughly by all practical statesmen _ The economical and social literature for the first twenty or thirty years of the present century, when the'freetrade'controversy was going on, teemed with facts and arguments showing how dangerous and un- workable drastic laws were, and how they helped to defeat their own object HAUUIETT MAKTINEAU, (im her once famous-prize tales illustrative of political economy, deals with smuggling at some length, and shows, what; indeed, everybody then knew that high pro- tective dutiesjled to a general demorah-,, sation of the community, which con- Rived at the evasion of the law and took pride in defrauding the revenue It is almost impossible for people in these days and, in those colonies to realise, the state of affairs in Jung" stand a hundred, unevenness, years ago, though they can learn what it was if they care to take the trouble The Government liadtoconfess that it could not put down smuggling with all the machinery at its command, but the very day that the duties were reduced the illicit trade disappeared, and with it all the incitements,' to crime, and the habit of defying the law. It, will be answered, no doubt, that she people did not believe in these duties, clad thus were ready to evade the law.butthose who may argue in this fashion will show but little knowledge of history, or, we may add, of that strange jumble of contradictions, human nature The great bulk of the British people of, those days were ! protectionists, and looked on the high duties as' necessary to the welfare of industry, but they nevertheless, liked smuggled goods as being cheap, and could not be made to see that it was a crime to smuggle. Let us take another case, which come very much nearer home. In many parts of Canada the majority of the people voted for what is called the Scott's Law, by which the sale of liquors was forbidden in defined localities, and forbidden too, by the vote of the people who resided in those localities. Yet, what has been the result ? It is now known that these localities swat raced with sly-grog shops, that liquors were sold in all sorts of secret ways, the consequence being widespread demoralisation. We have another example in what is going on in New South Wales at the present time, which is but an outcome of the putting on of high duties, just as was found to be the case in Great Britain in the times, to which we have referred. It has been found, as consequence of the high duties on spirits, that illicit distillation largely prevails, and were told that it will .fioVxhtma to prevail, in spite of all that She Mice can do The true remedy U worse, to reduce the duties, but this would shock dreadfully a number of well- meaning folks who do not in the least understand the conditions of , successful legislation'"- ~" ~ There was another illustration of the shallow stuff that is talked in connection with some matters, little discussion on the proposed license for 'clubs in the Council yesterday The CHIEF, SECRETARY led off by declaring that he had been told by certain publicans that strangers were allowed to pay for drinks in the Hobart Club, and proceeded to dilate on the impropriety of the proceeding, and how it justified the imposition of a license-fee We have not the least ' hesitation in saying that the charge is absolutely false, and we can only express our surprise that it should have been made on so slight a foundation as that of " the publicans." But, this was not the only foolish argument brought forward in connection 2, With this matter, which seems to be the prolific parent of many follies, even on the part of men who might be expected to know a great deal better. It was argued, by the CHIEF SECRETARY again, that the clubs took away business from the public-houses, and one was mentioned which would be the resort of many more visitors and others if the clubs did not exist No doubt about it But, the argument, if we can dignify it with such a name, applies equally to private (houses If the CHIEF SBCRMARV was prohibited giving his little dinners at his own house he would have to give them at an hotel, and a club is, to all intents and purposes, a private establishment The broad distinction is, that clubs do not make a profit, and publicans live by their trade The amusing part of the business is, that all sorts of pains are taken to keep people out of public-houses, and yet in the same breath almost the complaint is made that people will not go into them The House struck the absurd clause out, The folly of attempting to make laws against the general sense of the public could be illustrated by an almost endless succession of examples, but, really, legislators and agitators ought to be informed on what has been so conclusively demonstrated by experience Surely, the history of the Victorian gold-fields is not quite forgotten yet In the early days the sale of liquors on the'' gold-fields or on the roads thereto was absolutely forbidden, and the result was that sly-grog selling vi ah. Universals The whole community joined to evade the law, and the few convictions only helped to give a fillip to the drinking of the grog and the carrying on of the trade As soon as a rational licensing system came into force all these sly-grog shops vanished, but what is much more important, the community gave support to the law, instead of being utterly and systematically opposed to it From this example, and hosts of others which could be cited in connection with prohibitory legislation, we can only reach one conclusion, namely, that laws must be in accord with the general opinion of the people as a e, whole We must deal with facts, not with theories, one fact being that public-houses in towns cannot be'olosed'at 10 o'clock, though the Council has decided that they shall be All are agreed as to the end to be reached, which is, to secure public order and promote morality, but the question how this is to be done is much more difficult than is supposed by many whose intentions are most excellent, but who are apt to forget that the more making of laws is not sufficient, as the whole history of the world shows ' This might be illustrated by facts in reference to much worse evils than the drink traffic, as it is called, which Legislatures have dealt with for centuries, but the remedy for which is not yet found, and the attempted suppression of which has led to gigantic evils ALDERMAN Dillon took the opportunity offer dod by Thursday night a meeting on the loan question to deliver himself of Roma electioneering claptrap That in itself would not have been so bad, had not Unit gentle man draws the long bow to such an extent as to fairly astonish his hearers He solemnly assorted, an I actually to asserted when 'taxed on the subject, that expenditure under the Water Account " was only a little over £2000, as against the £13,420 set down in this years statement of '.' Ways and Means In fact, the Water Department was to be the saviour of the Hobart Corporation' But on inquiry we find that Alderman Dillon a little total con tested chiefly of wages and cartage, and. no notice whatever had been taken of such items as interest on mortgages, £1,721, and proportion sinking fund, and interest on English loan £4,223, and a host of other smaller matters The Town Clerk tried to assist Alderman Dillon by saying that he must have misread the figures £631, and made them thousands instead of hundreds That Mont do, however, as we happen to know that the worthy alderman, the saviour of the city, and the now financial star, makes no secret of the way he misled the electors present, and we take this opportu unity of telling the ratepayers that it is more than likely that the real estimated balance on the water account, £631, will not be realised It was pretty evident yesterday that there was a good deal of difference of opinion in the Assembly on the subject of the composition of the Marine Boards of the colony, and the mode of election to be adopted under the new Act The principle of election confined in the bill is that the shipowners, importers, and exporters of the ports are to have a voice in the choice of the Wardens, and it is probable that some amendments will be made in committee in the direction of widening the constituency, even if a different code is not adopted for the North of the colony to that in the South These clauses were postponed to allow of the presence of the Northern members There is also a tendency to hand over the care of the lighthouse to the Consolidated Board, while the recently agitated the question will come under discussion when the schedules are debated Another fee question was raised by Mr Hamilton, who suggested the half guinea fee Was too little, and that the Warden should in reality be " guinea " pigs, as that was the name by which they were called The real fight over the contested clauses will come when the bill is next in committee WHEN the members of the Assembly were in committee on the Fisheries Bill, Dr Huston, the member for New Norfolk, made a promise that he would do his best to have the lower part of the i river thrown open to Bill I am J I' is 1 It will fishermen and when the measure again came under discussion yesterday the Leader of the Opposition called attention to the fact that the hon. member had already fulfilled its pledge, having given notice at Thursday's meeting of the Fisheries Board to that effect^.^ho^House by its cheery gave its sanction to Mr." Burgess's wish that it should go forth to the public and to the, Board, that it was, the M Fish of Parliament, that the motion should be carried. Unfortunately the intimation was accompanied by some remarks about poaching by the Com- missioners themselves, which are to be very much deprecated, but it is to be hoped they will not result in retaliation. The change in the river regulations is more than a personal matter, affecting as it does the whole of the community, and the experiment is worth trying i I , ' ' i SUMMARY ron Eu noR. Our Letter Home, containing a record of the events for the past fortnight, will be found on the fourth page of this day's issue. I ' t SUPPLEMENT. Our supplement to-day contains the reports of yesterday's sitting of Parliament Hobart Marine Board, Hospital Board, Mining, Stock and Share Market, Launceston, Loo ves from a Diary (by J.G.D.), The approaching Recurrence of the Drought of 1827-29, etc. THE MAILS-The R.M.S.S. Liguria, with the English mail on board, arrived at Adelaide at 4.40 p.m. yesterday. TELKiinAPHlc-Tho following notice was exhibited at the Telegraph office yesterday : ¡-" Aden notifies messages for Mauritius should reach Aden by Saturday 0 a.m., not 6 p.m. 10th, as previously notified. Borne notifies cable Buenos Ayres Monte Video interrupted. Rangoon notifies Moulmein route to Siam interrupted." , AWAITING DELIVERY. A telegraphic message for Mr. Hugh awaits an owner, CITY COUNCIL'S special meeting of the City Council was held yesterday to consider a reply received from the Treasurer respect- ing the Council's offer in the matter of the transfer of the Old Market. '' There were present The Mayor (Mr. A. Crisp), Alders man Howard, Crouch, Hiddlestone, Arnott, Smith, Dillon, and Reynolds. The letter in question stated that the Government was willing to agree to all the terms stipulated for by the Council, excepting an increase of the sum of money to be given, and that only £1,000 could be paid to the Council. If this was accepted by the Council the matter would he submitted to Parliament at once. In tho course of a conversational discussion, Alderman Reynolds urged that the city was not receiving a quid pro quo by accepting £1,000. They were yielding up a much larger area, and would in addition thereto have to expend a large sum of money in putting a building on the new site. Alderman Crouch and Alderman Hiddlestone spoke in similar terms. Two propositions "That 'the offer be accepted, and "That the Government be asked to give £1,600" 'were put before the meeting, but gave place to a third moved by Alderman Arnott, I" That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that this Council adhere to their previous resolution in reference to the transfer of the Old Market," which was seconded by Alderman Reynolds and agreed to I CITV HOMOS Count Before the Police Magistrate yesterday, Henry 'Boxall was fined 5s. or seven days for being drunk and disorderly in; Liverpool-street. Edward ? Fry, charged with using obscene language in the main thoroughfare, was ordered to may 10s. 6d , or be imprisoned for 14 days. Mary Bannister, for disturbing the public peace WAS mulcted in 10s. 6d., in default, 14 days' imprisonment. [Mr. F. J. Salier, J P., here took a seat on the bench.] Charles Clarke pleaded not guilty to assault ling Constable H. Innes on Thursday last. The constable said he was conveying Fry, previously tried for using obscene language, to the watch-house, when they both fell, and Clarke appeared on the scene, and kicked witness in the face, taking off a piece of skin under the left eye. Constable Richard Nance deposed to seeing Clarke kick Constable Jones, who, had Fry in charge, and witness then arrested the defendant. Clarke, in defence, said there was a crowd at the place where Fry was arrested and the constable might easily make a mistake as to the identity of the person who kicked Constable James. Clarke was further charged with assaulting Con- stable Nance at tho time of his arrest and pleaded not guilty. Nance said Clarke struck him under the car knocking him against a shutter. Defendant said the affair was a concocted one between the con- stables., 'The Bench considered the assault very cowardly, and sentenced Clarke to' three months'' imprisonment for each offence. David Poultney pleaded i guilty to using obscene language,' and was fined 20s., or one month. Superintendent Hedberg applied for an order for the forfeiture of nets with which William Bates was fishing in the River Derwent after sunset on September 3. Sergeant G. C. Mayhew (deposed to seeing Hales in a boat fishing with a net above the boundary mentioned in the Act about half-past past 6 o'clock in the evening, after sunset. Frederick Self, Water Bailiff for the River Derwent, remembered the 3rd September fast and being in company with the last witness. Saw "Dummy" Huios netting, and when witness got' Hear him saw him haul a not out the water into the boat. When he got the not to shore found it was made of two nets fastened together. Sergeant Mayhew, who was with witness, went to the end of the point and found another net, three in all The sun 'set about half- past 6, and Hales was drawing in the not at 20 minutes past 6. The Bench said it was clear that where those blows were not any persons had a perfect right to set them before sunset without contravening any regulations There was not any evidence to show when the nets were set, and Hales was found about 40 minutes after sunset taking them in. It was open to the construction that Hales Know he had no right to fish after sunset, and was taking HID the ' nets with the intention of desisting pulling. The Bench could not say it was such a strong case as to justify the . forfeiture of the valuable notes" the man would, probably not know when the sun did not, and therefore declined to make the order applied for. The nets to be delivered up' to Huies' father. Superintendent Hedberg, also applied, for an order for the forfeiture of if not found in the River Der went, above Bridgewater, at 10 o'clock on the night of^Soptmnbci 30. Constable Self, Water Bailiff, said the men who, were. fishing with the wet ' "an, away on his lip proach. 'Thß'or'de'i o'!" forfeiture was nude. HOBART FHITIT BOARD. This Board held its first meeting last evening at the Mechanics' Institute, all the members, being present: Mr., G. F. Creswell,, was appointed chairman at a. tem. The following members were appointed officers for the year Mr. C. F., Creswell; chairman j Mr. B. Elliott, treasurer ; Mr. P. Johnston, secretary, 1 The minutes" of . last meeting being read and confirmed, a letter received from the Chief Inspector, notifying that the members of the Board would be gazetted. o.The 1 Chairman 1 stated, as in ïtructed;!)» the.Board/hobad waited upon the Hon. the, Treasurer in reference to the introduction of the proposed amended Codlin Moth 'Act to Parliament. That gentleman stated' that the bill would we dealt with without delay, and would in clude the amendments and alterations arrived at by the conference held in Hobart, and that the proposal to offer a reward for the best method of entrapping the moth and also the appointment of an inspec- 1 store for Hobart, would receive' the early attention of the Government. The Chairman further reported that he had I interviewed the, Attorney-General for an explanation of a section in the Codlin Moth Act, which he kindly gave, but he expressed a doubt as to whether an amended Act would be passed, this session of Parliament. Upon this report, the Board took into their serious consideration their position, and they came to the unanimous conclusion that unless the amended Act became law iii would be impossible for them to.iucurthe responsibility of raising a revenue to pay for the effectual inspection and other duties necessary for the extermination of the pest. 'So, serious did the Board consider this matter to be that they appointed a deputation to wait on the hon. the Treasurer, to urge upon him the necessity 1 of at once having the bill laid before Parliament. The secretary reported that the Board had been gazetted. The next meeting of the Board was fixed for-the evening of Thursday, 24th inst. 1 tTnE'LoNaFOBD SHOW Mr. Robert Kermode, of Mona Vale, writes :-" I wish to correct an error in your prize list of show at Longford. In the account of prizes given for Herefords, in class for bulls calved before August, 1880, you have put 1st prize, Chieftain ; 2nd, A. M. MoKiunon's bull Winton. This latter is incorrect, as my imported bull Sir Charles took 2nd prize. Sir Charles was 1st prize bull last year at Hobart 1 and was bred by the Hon. J. H. Angas, of South Australia; He is by the champion bull Sir Roger, out of a pure cow. I "am sending Sir, Charles to the Hobart |»h0W."i . prize ,, ' AU lil" ? ir GUM 1 1 1 ' . ' n, 1 a ii THE FORTHCOMING SHOW. Judging from the entries received, the STA. and P Society's Show on Wednesday next pro*, cases to be far and away the best on record. There are nearly 700 entries in all, and city folk will be pleased to learn that of this number upwards of 40 are for the jumping contests Accommodation for stock, etc. on the-gTound-lB-boliig attended total everything is in a forward, state for, the reception of telling, the committee having arranged for a supply of fodder as usual Exhibitors of 'sheep- and machinery and implements should hear in mind that their t exhibits must be on the ground on Tuesday, at 12 30 to enable judging to connivance at noon. LOCAL INDUSTRY. WO have received at the hands of Messrs. Peacock and Sons samples of pickles and Worcestershire sauce, manufactured by this firm. The packing of the condiments is very well done, and if it may be taken as an earnest of the excellence of the contents, which we see no reason to doubt, there can be no excuse for local consumers sending across the fleas for these articles. I VALEDICTORY.- Amongst the passengers who left Hobart by the express train yesterday morning was Mr. J. G. Kalbfell, who is proceeding to Sydney to join the reporting staff of the Daily Telegraph. Mr. Kalbfell, who has won, by his courtesy, the esteem of all with whom he has come in contact, served his apprenticeship as a compositor on The Mercury and Tasmanian Mail, but has of late years been working hard to qualify himself as a good general reporter. That he has been successful is evidenced by the good work he has done on this journal and by the appointment for which he leaves us. The many friends of Mr. Kalbfell will join with us in wishing him a prosperous career. i j WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS A missionary meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church, New Town, on Thursday evening last, Mr. William Waterhouse in the chair. After devotional exercises the pastor (Rev, E David Annear) read extracts from the printed report on the missions for the past year. The Chairman then introduced the Rev. J S. H. Royce, of Victoria, missionary deputation for the year, who gave a most interesting address on "Fiji and its people," the speaker having laboured in Fiji some 34' years ago. The language, customs, and peculiarities of the Fijians were dealt with in an interesting and humorous manner, and in the course of' his remarks, Mr. Boyce said that although about 60 years ago Fiji was in heathenish darkness, last year the people contributed to the support of missionary work a sum far exceeding that raised on any other of the islands. Several illustrations eluci- dated the lecture, i A hearty -vote of thanks was accorded to the lectures at the conclusion of his remarks by acclamation. I EVANGELISM. An evangelist, claiming to serve under a restored apostleship, delivered a lecture in the Town Hall last evening, there being a large attendance, upon the subject of "The Breaking of the Net of the Kingdom of Heaven." After showing that the Church of Christ is the Kingdom of God in a mystery, and that her organisation as given at the beginning of the < dispensation was God's net for taking out of all nations a people for His name, the lecturer went on to show that the Jewish dis- pensation was the needful preparation for the preaching of the Gospel and after briefly stating the main points of Gospel truth, and showing that the gift of the Holy [ Ghost, the Comforter bestowed upon men, was the immediate fruit of the reception of the Gospel, he described the early organisa- tion of the Church, and her hope, viz., the second coming of our Lord, and pointed out " the dissensions in the Church which hindered the realisation of that hope in the first age. The lecturer then went on briefly to trace down the history of the Church through the successive ages, showing how, in the second ago, when the Church was ruled by Councils of Bishops ; - in the third, when the supreme power was vested in the temporal sovereign and in the fourth which culminated in the papacy ; the Church, amidst over increasing abuses and corruptions, retained this characteristic, that she continued in the main entire, embracing within her pale all her faithful children and providing them with at least some kind of care and pastorship, but that in the (If til ago commencing with the Refor- mation of the fifteenth century, this characteristic disappeared. The abolition of crying abuses was only brought about at the cost of entire disunion. God's net, the act of the kingdom of heaven, broke. And the peculiar phenomenon of this age is the existence of the Church in the amount of unmustered and uncared for masses of her children whom she cannot reach. All is confusion and loss in things spiritual, and in the midst of at individual piety and zeal take the only direction they possibly can of?., the seeking to save individuals, to pluck our here and another v there as brands from the burning. The lecturer then dwelt, upon the inadequacy of such efforts to cope with existing wants and to declare thatch only means whereby the masses of the ignorant and uncared for among the Christian Motions could be reached and Sayed, as God would save them, was by the reconstitution of the act of the kingdom of heaven, even by the restoration to the Church of her full original endowment of spiritual ordinances and means of grace ; its acceptance by her, and the consequent union of all her divided parts ; when once more the one flock of Christ would be embraced in the; one fold. Such a restoration could only be effected by God. The lecturer concluded by notifying that on Monday evening next he would not into the history of a spiritual, work, which has been going on in the Church during more than 30 years, in which thousands of Christian persons in all lands have full and been assured that they have experienced the hand of God working in this direction. * WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS - Special, services in connection with this Mission are to be held to morrow. On Monday, evening the annual public meeting will take place in the, Mechanics' Hall, when the Rev. J. Royce, delegates from the Convention, will take part in the proceedings. HUTCHINS SCHOOL. Intending competitors for the Junior Newcastle Scholarship, the examination for which takes place this month, are < reminded that they must send in their names to-day to the Head Master of the Hutchins School. Cunilnlutefl must be under 12 years of age, and although the scholarship is tenable at the Hutchins School, it is open to pupils of any school. i HOSIIART RanK CLUB -The competition for the Clarke Trophy, hold and- the auspices of the Hobart Rifle Club, will be continued bi-^tljo^mdyjBay, range was afternoon. ,,, I HOBART REGATTA ASSOCIATION. - The annuuLgcncrul meeting of the Hobart, Re facts, Association will be held at the Ship, [etc!, Collins-street, at 8 o'clock this evening. The report and balance sheet will be presented, committee and officers elected, and any other business transacted of which notice has been properly given. The question of reducing the fee for membership of the Association to five shillings will also be discussed. THEATRICAL -We have been requested by Mr. H.'St.'Clair, the advance agent for 'Hans the Boatman, to draw attention to his advertisement-to-be found in another column, re the advent of Mr. Chas. Palmer in Hobart. He (Mr. Palmer) is at present playing in Launceston to crowded houses, and the Press of that city, are of but one opinion, " a most capable actor and singer." Miss Hettie, Lambie to is also a member of the company. This lady is better known in the Melbourne theatres than in Hobart, and is considered a most finished, and ladylike actress. Miss Ruth Wallace has been here, before with Pollard's Opera Company, so from this lady we may expect a great as, she is a most finished singer and dancer. We understand that the box plan will, be opened at Susman's, and should advise early application for seats. ' * V,, v J CoMruMKNTAR-r CONCERT.-The complimentary concert to! Mr. Bandmaster Bates, which was to have been given on September 17th rest., but which was postponed in favour of that given in aid of the Dock Strike Relief Fund, is to take place, as per adver statement, on the evening of Tuesday, 26th last. This concert should greatly commend itself to the public as, being complimentary to Mr. Bates, anuV^hOso -so desire to prove, their appreciation of the ready and practical manner in, which he shows his sympathy by being ever ready to give his services in assisting and furthering any charitable object, have a good chance of doing so. Apart from these considerations, the concert should prove attractive, as among the list of per formers may be noticed the names of many of our most prominent amateur and professional' musicians of both BCXCS, and those who demand a quid pro quo may go and be satisfied. ENTERTAINMENT AT NEW TOWN AS announced in our advertising columns, one; of those entertainments which have of late grown so popular an exhibition of views, etc., interspersed ' with musical items with take place at the Sacred Heart School, New Town, on Monday evening next. As the entertainment has for, its object the pure chairing of prizes for the School,) and the exhibition is under, the control, of Mr J. J. Kingsley, a good ) audience will not j doubt be present.' ' U i I j') 7. 7 