TIIE NEW TREASURE HUNT. (rnont Ttt xSve r?vctw.) Towards the end of thih .month a Ii tls ex pedition will sail from Southaluton onono of those golden quests which for at good many years past none but the novelists have en gaged in. The destination of the expedition is (not to name it too particularly) a tiny island, lying amidst "the foam of perilous seas," uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a thousand miles or so from anyIwhere. And tile object of the expedition is to search for a vast treasure of gold and jewels, which a believed to have been buried on the island more than seventy years ago. An emprise so romantic, sending us right back into the days when the trade routes of tile sea were" marked out by th blood which the pirates had spilled on thremn, seoms delightfully out of keeping with an age in which the Stolc Exchange or the Dourso is tile chief theatre of the treasure hunter's operations. For this is pirates' gold that is buried in this desolate ocean isle, and the expedition that is to sail in i few weeks' ti?s will be a real treasure hunt. There is a historyattaehed to it already, iand it is ratlher curious. Let us begin with the pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. To put one s naoney by aind make it breed, which financial people, duin a moreore or less legitimate business in stocks and such things, consider a prudent policy, seems, on the whole, to have been one of the most imprudent policies when the business was pirocy. Wiso pirates, when thoe had tolet Ia goodly prize, ran with it to the nearest safe port, rand made themselves nurecognisably drunk on the proceeds. Unlimited runt, and an occa bional stabbing bout, to keep their hands in algainst the day when business would be rudumed, made the pirates as happy as they wished to be; and when they had spent their booty, and recovered from the dclir:r.mi tresie'.s, they went on board auain, ran ip the " Jolly toger," and waited for another prizet The foolish pirates were thoseo who went and hid their stolent talents in the earth, for so surely as 'they did this, the next vess.t they chanced upon was aI man-of-war, which earried'them home to be hanged, ia dozen in a row. Deep sunk it many a desert isle, in rany. un ocean, there mnust be millions of pieces of eight, moidores, and doubloons, and jewels aind precious stones galore, which tlhe gentlemen of fortune wio hid them there, and who have long since rotted in chains at harbour mouths, were never able to go back for. Heone the treasure hunts of daiys more enterprising ;. but somehow th6 ere not. unearthed.... The island treasures w r the spot.on t;.o mainland, but was found,L - not quite eo?rtct.. ur not quite the chart iwo peered : or Irovisions ran short correctly intel y could be dug up ; or a storm before thl boot boats front labining; or the prevented the ; or tihe treasur se-oekers crew mutinied pw ach other-the spoil wns quarrelled and s. never taken. ud away the loot that the .The crew who ; o se'urh for scemn to have new expedition is t au typicat gong of sea boeen iu all respect out ft? S"outhlunpton robbers. 'They ran tgo, il a smart schooner, bout seventy yotears. speed, here woer excellently built fe. , Greeks, and a Turk lfnglisoulmn, Italians, mi--and the skipper ·hot buoys, all on 't Old UHellfire. Their went by the name ot mhln oil antid ivory, ostensihto business wls that either of those but it does not appear -en on board. Tiey commoditics was ever tal 5of slaves, and laid shipped a batch or two to~Ve tert Occut. thle ,honser away across t the blhack, te rover broke out anlottgst udauiln. and tite captain dosed them with it n n. Wen tin crew dropped thcem overeb. teed to take liquor Captain ellfire ri t to lty" goodlIt otshots at his 1tc , ard, as his aim sas "tfi ly goo i ' " succeeded at last in peppeino rose enaito state of high mutiny. They G ol n t himone night, and two of the G kelo held him while one of the English struck hims tlhroutgh the back with It a teel . tarlinsptike. I Ie was bundled into thie sea; •tl th Ctte was scut over the side atfter himn; the skipper's murderer was voted reaptaitt in his dte, tnd tite "Jolly Itocer" replaced the Etgtistt colours at the masthead. lumnnio' - south, othey caughta it ortugueso vessel, boardect Oher, drowned tite crow, and emptied t o0 slip of her rich contouts. There was a Jew dealer t amongst the passengers, wtoseno baggag' con- t listed chiefly of diamonds tand rubies, so that r prize must have been worth the takinig. SBut these pirates were foolish. They sa led n wt ith their treasure to an uninhabited issk ntd known to the captain, and there they buri ed it. Their luoc, however, was not y t t exhausted; they to:k other vessels, Ea t l Itdiamen i and ?tsre iosmaller game, killing ah Screows and passctgers, antl alwayI s carrying r g 0 the best of the ptlunder to their tidting-pllace fon th isle. It was nll apt spot to receive t such blood-stailned booty; an utterly deso- td Ilate and wholly forbidding island, unap t proachable, except with the lkilfullest Ie iauUaigement of boats ; a lonely ptece, shaken e 0 and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely t, yielding shelter and water, and void of food for m an. An ideal smutggery, howsoer, for w, e pirates' plunder, and this cut-throat crow Wt tade a line treasure islartd of it, if /uch pe there ever were. But it was ia fuatUus to it business, this heaping up of bullion ati: I jwels, for the fates were always ili, dead atainslt such conduct on the prt?I fe of gentlemen of fortune. iMore knowings f, IIhantds would have run for the States, cit realised the swag, got fresh papers, sailed tlw Shome innocently, divided up, and lived gal- t) Stantly on the shares, The spoilof the Portu d guese sloop wouldi have ma:do gentlemen of k ti Sthem all. Some of them gang tihoughit as much, but the skipper, whosh cogmomen was Lips, was always for gotti::g a trifle more, sul r and lie always had his way. we And so it came about that one fair ier t morning they sailed out to tackle alln East ch Indliaman, and were tackled themselves. It s1c cwas not often that the East Indinmen of those tee 'days showed their teeth when the crossbones ail overhauled them. In general they were the wretchedly armed with a brass swivel (nover to in working order), and ait few east-iron nino- bre pounders, till lhmpcred up, and scarcely more r serviceable than the modeta ]3ritish bayonet. Yet these East Inditamn had their holds stored with indigo and silks, and great con- Un signmcnts of jewels and gold for the dealers 0 in London, Paris, Lisbon, the Papal States, tl, and all other European markets. For once, however, here was alln East Indianuln well armed and pluckily manneid. Shie faced the Ur robbers, ran out hier guns, and gave therm a sbrisk good-dayo; shot away their rudder, Al splintered their masts, and brought the rogging about their cars. Then slhe Un boarded, put the sh:llles on th t twenty I pirates who had survived the engage- So mSent, which took them off and lowered therm I into her own hold, where they had time to Un prepare their speeches for their last public q appearance in Execution Dock. Nineteen of T the twenty swung together ons the Island of V Cuba. The twentieth contrived to get his !neck clear, and in duo time made his way horno to England. IIo was alive ita few years ago, in the North Country, anud may be alive e to-day. At any rate, he lived long enough bitt to toll his tale, and to tell it with gusto. nudl HIe was then close upon his ninetieth year, C' and Ilis chief regret was that lie had never are got money enougll together to sail in a ship pit of his own to the treasure island where the jewels lay hidden. He had made careful bel working charts of the navigable side of tle are isllnd, and marked down the position of the Iteo treasure, with good cross-bearings. But lie - could never raise suflicient money to pro vision so much as a fishing smack, and 1` worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition Iho handed over to it friend his chart, cross-bearings, and drawings ; and the first chapter of tit romance closes here. TI History and fiction both seem to show that the chances are always against the treasure - seekers, and success is alsstredly far fromn being sa certainty in the present instance. Who, for instance, can say positively that the treasuro has not been already reioved o P That is, however, an unlikcly assumption, since there is no reason to believo that, after the nineteen pirates wero hanged, their secret was known to anyono ex cept the twentieth who survived, and lie appears to have kept it jealously so long as the ghost of a chance remained to Ihlin of turmig it to his own account. An assump tion more plausible would be, that by the operation of natural forces the treasure has ere this been placed beyond the reach of maln. The pumicestone au d ecoria oa the mountain sits volcanic rock slips steadily, and the drop pings of seventy years (to mention no other possible forces) must have raised a big and solid tumulus abovo the sunken hull. But this is in all likelihood the chief danger to be anticipated, as it will furnish the chief labour to be undergone; and with the exact bearings of the deposit in the commander's possession it should be no impossible task to reach the sreelt. 