\ TEE ELECTION OF TEE PRIMATE. TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Àffor »n absence of upwards of 2000 years " Lyourgua " has returned. His history and legisla I tion* are not mythical as supposed, and the old Spartan whose laws were never to be altered comes to tho rescue of annie of tho Bishops and Vicars-General-of th» Church of England in Australia. Ho may bo forgiven I for his inaccuracy us to facts concerning mo personully. I oin only assure him that if hi« law» or his interpreta- tion of tlio laws of tho Church are as defective as. his knowledge is upon this point ho '-'is one of the most unreliable men nf the day. I am no*, anxious to champion rights but I possess a right ks a baptised member of tho Church of England, arni whoso fninily for geueratious buck wore members of that Church, to express mv opinion upon ibo mutter und'-r disonsaion. 1 have done so respectfully ; an example 1 would recommend "Lycurgus" to follow. There is not a linc ol argument in tho whole of his letter, and " Lycurgus " tries by ridicule, personalities, and fBilney to support tho position he hus assumed. So much tho worso for " Lycurgus," and the cause he hus nt heart. For the opinion of the Vicnr-Genoral of Newcisilo I cutertain profound respect, but the Vicar-Giueral of Tasmania's! recent lettor iu your columns shows most clearly that if ho louk an active part in framing tho Determination of ISSI, ho has evi- dently forgotten many of its provisions. I deny that uny " clement of party controversy " baa boen intro- duced into tho discussion by mo. It appears that now that " Lycurgus" bas como back, laws may bc altered, for ho tells us with n self-confident and jaunty air, that " at tho General Synod to be held in Id'Jl, the Deter- mination will bo amended iuto II Boating Primacy." Wo must calmly wait and see w hether Mich will be tho case, notwithstanding that thia modern Gashtnu hath said it. Loforo accepting tho joint opinion of Mr. Salomons and »lr. C. J. Manning in tho matter of tho election of tho Primate, I, in common with many others, would like to seo a copy of the ca-e submitted. This wish is strengthened most materially by thu concluding para- graph in tho " opinion" published to-dav, which runs: -" It is of course impossible to give an absolute opinion without seeing Ibo whole of tile correspondence thut has passed, and having a full knowlcdgo of all the facts, &c.;" lt ia ovident that ul! tho correspon- dence has not benn laid be foro tho learned Ecntlemon, and that they havo givon an " opinion" with only a partial knowledge of tho facts. This detracts frein its value, and renders it almost wot thiess. " Lyourgus" seems still to brun thotho atmosphère of tho land in which ho suffered self- expatriation, and ho can't- clear his bruin af fitful fancies. Ile imagines that this ia a habit of lifo in IUÍB busy everyday world, and that mon hi,ve nought to do but imagine " sensa- tional ghost stories." 1 hope the threat which comes from Adelaide la-day will not alarm " Lycurgus," hut thut it may provo to him (hut very little care for the unity of tho Church seem* to possess the minds of some »hose otllce should bind us togother rather than soparuto us asunder. My contention is if lhere has born an irregularity in tho election, why not correct it hero in a special meetiug of the General Synod? The Archbishop of Canterbury ha» nothing to do with the question of tho legality of the illegality of the election to thu Primate. The Churoh in Australia possesses powers for self-government. Why ignore those powers und employ others, which are neither creditable to tho head or ibo heart of those who should seek for godlv union und concord. 1 aui, ¡¿a., JOHN DIXON. Sept. '¿4. 