THE MAN WITH THE BROKEN ARM. A GHOST STORY. Tho following story by tho Hon. Stephen Coleridge appears in a Into number of The Woman'* World:— “Thought I, a# tho wind wailed without and the clock Kept up its pitiless repetition, truly it is ii fearful night for a man to tlio in, and the deaths of men are ua dilfercut os their lives. I w»H startled from my thoughts by . Homo one ringing an imporous summons at my door. Thoro was a lull in the storm when I opened it, A man was thoro under tho portico, who at once addressed mo: 1 Aro you a surgeon V I replied that I was; ho stepped in, and I closed tho door after him, and leu aim into tho library, ‘ I wish YOU,’ ho Baid. throwing off his looso cloak with ono hand, ‘to doctor my arm.’ I now buw that Ids left nrm had notlung upon it but tho Bhirt bIoovo, and hung at hiB side, obviously broken; tho rest of his person was dressed in sombre givrmonta indistinguishable from the books against which ho stood, and in tho dim light only a white arm, and, if pos Bible, whiter faco were visible. I took tho lamp and brought it to tho atring-courso of tho book case close to him, and rolling up tho sleeve found tlio arm broken a few inches abovo tho wrist. After a careful examination I explained that it had better bo sot at once, to winch ho merely replied, ‘Very good,’ and for half an hour nothing was said on either uidtMis I went at my task with professional promptitudo* Whoii all was completed, the ann fixed immovable, and the cloak thrown over him onco more, ho passed into tho hull, I opened tho door and said, ‘It will require looking at,’ referring to his arm; * when will you como again V * I will come again,’ ho replied, * when our friend is buried.’ *Whut friend?’ I gasped. Tho light over my door illumined tho immovable wluto features; the lips nover stirred, but tho eyes looked at mo and smd, 1 Ho whom you had loft when I mine.’ ‘In tho iinrao of God,’ said I, ‘who and what aro you?’ Tlio strangor mrnlo no answer, but, throwing his cloak over his mouth, Btrodo away into tho darkness! . . . When I reached tho house I found that death hud boon thoro boforo mo ; my frioud had breathed his last about half an hour after I had loft him. I asked whether he had been conscious at all before tho oml, and thoso about him replied that ho had talked with emphasis about aomo matter they could not understand, and that ho had frcquoutly men tioned some gauntlet about which, as far as they could comprehend, ho seemed in great dis tress. This I attributed at tho tirao to dolirium, and after a lost sad look at tho poaceful faco I returned homo sorrowful. On tho laBt day of tho year tho gloomy procession of hearse and car rinircs started from lay friend's liouso io tho ccmcterv. Chill and cold seemed tho chapel as worosoto follow tho coffin to tho Bravo, wlnlo tho white ham walls echoed ngnm to tlio horrid tramp and senffio of those who hent. under their ghastly Imrden. As wo passed^ out a iijruro slopped from the side of tin; portico niul joined the Slow pi-wession; in an instant I rccopnsed the strain'd- whose ana I had set; ho heaved ‘'ravel v In me, and I returned his salutation. When* wo reached tho grave he took up a position opposite to my sett*, and I hud leisure ^to • Hisitnu, ill spite ot flit * wore, that ho carried a parent of some size in Ids right hand, M hen all was over, one by one tho others departed till ’ tho stranger and myself wero left gazing down in silence upon the colnn. ilo came slowly round and stood by my bhIo, out .... T remained motionless and silent, ho f»t last addressed no. * I wish,’ ho said * to accompany you to your house; have you your carnageit* i replied that it was waiting for mo at tho chancl, and wo moved away together m that direction. It was dusk when wo reached tlio carriage and got in. . , At iny houso door I would have bid him begone in God a namo, lmt that a nameless fear of him prevented mo. Coldlv I invited him to enter, and wo passed togetfier into tlio houso. In the library, at his request, I examined his arm and did what was necessary to it. AVhon I hud imisliod this task I asked him as politely as I could whotlior ho had any further business with mu, to which ho replied that ho would ask this singlo favour of me, that inasmuch as ho was leaving tho country that night, it would bo a kindness to him woro I to tako chargo of a curtain parcel, which perhaps I had soon ho carried, until his return. I ropliod that I should have-no objection; and, saying bo had loft it in tho ball, lio went out. Wliilo ho was gono I turned with my back to tho room, and stirred up the lire. Tlio noiso I made in doing this prevented my hearing his footsteps as ho returned. I was stooping ovor tho tiro with my back to him, when I heard his voicn behind mo say, ‘ Hero it is; it is a gauntlet, for which I shall como to you again.* This mention of a gauntlet brought somo unfonnod recollection into my mind as I turned round to tako it. When i faced him I saw a sight, to froezo tho blood ! Tho man was bolding out towards mo the parcel lie had carried at (no gravo- sido, but —with his broken arm ! I put out my hand in dumb horror to tako it. I felt a sudden immoiiso weight that my ono hand could not support, and tlio bundlo foil upon tho floor bo tween us with a crash. I glanced down at it for a baro moment, looked up, and found mysolf alone! I staggered round, caught sight ot my foaturoa livid in tlio mirror ovor the flro, and know no more till hours lutor my servants found mo s trot died at full length upon tlio hearthrug, slowly recovering from a deep trunco. Boforo doing anything omo, I sunt ovoryono away, and oxamined tho bundlo that still lav upon tho floor of my room. It proved to contain, as ho hail said, an iron gaimtlot, but ono of such enormous proportions that it was impossible to coueoivo a human hand gigantic enough to wear it. I remember that there wuh an unused cupboard in tlio wall .behind tho bend of my own bed’ upstairs, whore it might lio for over in perfect safety. I ascended to my l>ed room, pulled out tho bod, locked tlio groat gauntlet into tho cupboard, and put tho key on ti> my bunch. Time went on, and seasons passed aw ay, till what l hnvo recorded was fading from hit memory, when on tho sumo day of the your, sovon years later, after a torriblo day’s work at tho bedside of suffering, I reached my houso after midnight, spent, and weary. . I gavo tho coachman instructions for the morning, and then, as ho drove away, turned to open tho door. Upon tho stops, tlio light over tho door falling upon his ashy features, stood a man whom I instantly recognised. I stood where I wins in silence. ‘I hare come,’ hn said quietly, * for that gauntletmid I said nothing, but opened tho door and led him, as I hud dono on tho same Last day of tho visit, iMTvn years Iwfore, into my library. There stood tho lamp as lieforo it had stood, tlio clock pointed to the very hour and minute at whiel it had pointed before, nnd tho interval of time seemed to have vanished at a stroke. * To-night,’ thought I as I rang tlio bell loud and long, ‘ to-night I will not lie alone.* * I will fetch it/ I said to tho atuuigor, and going ! out, locked tho study door behind me, and waited in tho hall for my servant. In u few momenta ho earns hurrying up. ‘ Now/ enidl, * Htay yon at this door and boo that tho mnnT liavo lockud in tlioro does not cmno out/ I mounted to my bedroom and pulled out tho bed from tho will, exposing tho door of tho cupboard, I took tlio candle and put it. on tho bed whore it would throw its light, into tho plaeo when opened, unlocked tho door, and looked in. It wan alisobitelv empty! With a cry I tied downstairs, and hardly Knowing wlmt I did, ended on my servant as ho Tabled his fit® not to let tho man eaenpo, turnetl tho key, and burst into tho lilirary. Thoro was no ono Shutters barred—door locked—lamp nuietlybuming—the room—empty! ‘You look ill, .dr/ mud my servant. * Ay/ 1 answered, * I I loft tho houso next dny noror to return. But ono windy night, not long* ago, driving past it, there, on tlio doorstop under tho flickering light, I saw.tho stranger wrapped in bis cloak. ' A.h, all / said I to myself, laughing, ‘ they will want another tenant thoro won/ As wo parsed on down tho street) I lifted tho fin p behind mo in tho back of tho carriage to take another look at tho figure under tho lump, and maw, flat, ngauist thglass, closo against my own, that terrible face wbito and flxud !M 