; THE RITUAL PROSECUTION. Bishop : Harvey. Goodwin . of Carlisle has ; recently; spoke Btrongly . against the pendibg prosecution of his!;brother of Lincoln for illegal , romish ritual. He regards the question; jas; one that stirs, , upj in . an aggravated; /' form, : all .the strong feelings which have been raised jrom ume to nine m iaie years Dy simuar proceedings.; " I deplore ; it,'' , .says the Bishop, " because I.; cannot imagine that .the result ; can ; be' to extinguish. con troversy, or to restore , peace." , " All hope of peace and, .unity . has ,long: passed away and the course, of, events has. tended mainly to the firm and fixed holding of two opposite opinions, as to the meanirg of a certain paragraph of English. , When matters have come, tO; thiB- point,. it. is diffi cult; to, see w prosecutions can do. I candidly . confess that .the restoration of uniformity, of -practice with regard to certain points of. ritual, by process of law, even if it were desirable, seems to me to be simply impossible.!', - ; , Itdoubtless.eseapes.the memory of the Bishop of Carlisle, that .vBishpps Ridley, Uranmerji-and. Latimer jseie,, burnt for interpreting tHis ..liltlp; ' paragraph : of English, ;in. the way that ,the. present law of England upholds. The battle , of the Reformation raged then, as now,; around the Romish: Mass. ; ; The Last Supper is the ; Protest ant'.; memorial feast, and I not the Romish; sacrifice of atonement.. . The partakers . are , all individual . Christian priests offering,. themselves to God, and not .'the carnal : eat ers of the body , and blood of. the dead Christ of Calvary. . This sacrificial idea , restB , upon ,. that ..fond fiction of fhe clerical mind— apostolic succession — whereby God the Holy Ghost-: is claimed to "reside in. the', body of the bishop and priest, as a transmissible influence, which, turns bread, into flesh, and wine into biood. The elements thus supposed to he transmogrified are neither Christ's body of flesh, nor contain the slightest trace of a spiritual possession. They are simply what they were at the installation of the rite, plain bread and plain fruit of the vine, and that is all. The Bishop of Lincoln pretends that Christ is actually present at the moment of consecration on the altar of sacrifice, and the sole object of illegal Romish ritual, is to render the error visible, by outward acts of adoration to an idol of bread. It is impossible to conceive how the minds of men can become so clouded, as to accept such an explanation of worship, save that the " mystery of iniquity " hath thrown a spell over them. It was announced that the Bishops of London, Winchester, Oxford, and Salis bury will assist Dr. Benson, Archbishop of Canterbury, in the trial of Dr. King, Bishop of Lincoln, for ritualistic practices, but he has raised some quibble about the Constitution of the Court, and his trial was adjourned pending the decision on point raised. 