' OR, . ?' HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. ? e ? i ? CHAPTER XIV. " . THE MOT THICKENS, By Emma, Garrison Jones. Sovenoaks nnd'Cavendish Manor, as wo before stated; jvoro coritiguoua, and were two as fine estates oa the county contained. Tho manor balongpd to Lady I'rum'moud for hor hfo-timo, and it wns her custom to visit tho old-place onco or twico a year.. It was :therefore quito opportune that Lord Strathspey'-'and his party y. ore going, to Sovonoaks, as Lady, Cecilia Was quito anxious to make one' of lior annual visils. Sho nt onco caiisod Sir Varnoj, who was a most dutiful and obedient husband, to dispatch invitations to their numerous friends, to meet them at the manor for tho shooting season ;and at her suggestion tho Earl of Strathspey . did the snuiQ tiling" - ' . : " ' Accordingly, when thoy reached tho ,?md of.their journey, tho. carl's party ?found it, gay.assemblage of friends await ing thoin. . ''.Wo are going to havo ft. delightful'! season," ramaikod ? Lady Dnimmonu,' " and you may thaiik mo for it, my lord ; ytm.'iisjd'iiir';.Varnoy would havo moped hero all alouo, and popped your solita.iy ''guns,, if I had not come to, tho rescue Mon aro so absurdly stupid I" : :. '.-? ;?.'???? My lady showed: her white ,tooth .in a flashing smilo, "as tho earl linnded her .into a carriage that was to convoy her to tho manor, and put out her wltite jewel led hand to bid. him farowoll- ??.'?, . "I:shall oxpoct to sod a groat deal of . you nt tho manor," sho snid, adding, with a peculiar look in her eyes.and n faint ? BUggostionof regret in hor voice ; " you used to like tho tmtnbr'ycaia ago," " j '?';.'. " Audlliko it-yet," ro'plied tho enrl; | gallantly,; Vand shall certainly avail myself of your kind invitation. Of coin-so you'll not wait to bo invited to Sovonoaks you and Sir ::.;.,;..; '?' ?? :'^ c Peasant, good-natured, unsus picious baronot bowed, whilo hi 3 Hashing : lady replied: ';...'? ' : ? ' :"'; "Not I, my' lord carj; I always go wherbver. I ..please, and it will certainly ? lease mo;'to 'come, to SevenoiikH."; But Vo fallen into shocking habits of lata ; -you kimiv iiow I gallop'?'., Woll, I shoot, yvtbo II Bhoot pheasants, my lord 1" - The pari, did raise his eyebrows in woll .bred;'surprise, and the gay countess brpko iiita a ringing laugh. ,?'.<. .-;', A" And I follow the .hounds," she eon-. : : tinned, : .'-. and indulge..* in, rill ?'. manner. ; <>f ;-;Vin^sculinb.ltleasune's l .'.'3ir:.'.yarney--likc* it, ?.-? but ypn; are shocked,'iny lordlA;v v; ' Sir!'.-yiirhby.smiled!' indulgently! oh tho Abbwitohing crbiitiiro who bore 'hia na uio Abtid titl6|:>nd!'Lbird;Sii'ntii?peyprotested' slhat t; ; iiothihff;;;her'7;.ladytthip i^BlessMfr>doco?ldjohoofcluE!, - ;i: 'A,oJtfAi Monnwlulc, tho countosa and 'her two children, and their two nurses, watted patiently in tlio Scvenoaks' carriage, Colonel .Chiidloigh and hie wifo And Bovoral other friends having driven on aheiid. "Ilowmy Lord Strathspey do ndtnirc Lndy Drunimond," whispered Lola to Judith, with a peculiar expression in lior black oyo3. Judith gave' hero nudge. " Why don't you hueh V she said, "and tend to Lord Angus. Ho's tearing the trimming from hie.coat." Bur Lola- was not to bo silenced. "Only watch him, Judith," ehe con tinued, in a loud whisper; "his very eyes d.mcc as h'c looks at her 1 And sho bo a very lovely woman, my Lady Drura mond. What a pity tlio counto3S ain't liko her." "Will you hold your tonguol" re turned Judith, gathering Lady Pearl in her arms and moving to tlio opposite side. ' " How savage you aro, to bo euro," continued Loin; "taint no harm I'm Bay ing-, I'm euro, and everyone kuotvs it. Xho cu.iclimnn. was speaking about it last night, and ho says tha; tlio carl and L;idy Drummond used lo bo lovers, and that—" "SJmb up, I say !"? snapped Judith, her brown oyes fairly blazing, for, glanc ing over at hor mistress, who reclined amid tlic cushions, she saw that sho was as white as death, with a wild and terri fied look in her lovely oyes. ?She had heard tlio nurou's idlo words, if idlo they wore, and tin awful fear thrilled ov'cry iibro of her boing. What if it were ao? She remomborod tlio old report tlmt the earl had once ad mired Cecilia Cavendish, and- how his' father's iuoxorablo edict had forbidden his boyish admiration. What if tho old fancy still lived 1 In her terrible pro-occupation, she had not noticed her husband, or over dreamed of mich a thing. She watched him now with all her' tortured soul in hor eyes. _ Ho was standing in tho afternoon sun light, his nublo head bared, his fino fuco all aglow with.pleasure and admiration, as ho looked up and listened to aomo gay speccli Lady Drummond was making. Presently tho hidy extended her slender hand, and the carl kissed it, bowing pro foundly. " Good-byo, Lady Stratlispey," cried Lady Cucilii at that moment, as tho carl turned and left her. " I Rhall expect you .to drivo over to tho manor every day." Tho countess nodded and 6miled—oh, such a wan, sad smile I—and mado room for her beside her husband. Ho settled hiniHelf down with an air of onjoymont, taking his boh from Lela and establishing him on hie knee. " Now, Sanford, drive liko the wind," ho culled. '? I'm anxious lo boo tho old place again. Do rouso up a littlo, Mur guurite," addressing his wife, "and look at Sovouuaks Towers in ? tho setting sun light ; it is really miauying to have you always moping so.". Tho countess obeyed.' Sho roused up, and looked ab Sevcnoaks'. Towers, and smiled and talked with a strange glitter in hor eyes and a hectic ; bloom on her cheeks, and in her hoart, deep in hor hourt, that poisoned, rankling thorn that thonurso's imprudent words had im planted. The manor gonti-y wero dining at Sovenoaks, a fow days after, and to gether with tho'earl's gueste, they made v large and brilliant party. All day the men had boon popping at tho pheasants in the west copioe, while tho ladies dozed over Fronch novels in tho cool drawing-rooms ; but the clashing of the old tower bell had called them alt together, nnd now in their best array they occupied tho great drawing-room that opi'iiod into the dining hall. Tho long table, with its spotless damask and glittering glass and silvor, was already , 'luid, and through the gor geous streamed the rod, Auguet sunlight, making , tho swinging chandeliora, and costly goblets, and gilded vases, gloam and glitter as if wrought of precious stones. ' Tho Countess of Strathspoy occupied a sofa at tho oxtremo end of the drawing room, with- Colonel Chudleigh on one hand and Sir Vnrnoy Drummond on the other. ?.???": Bho was magnificently robed in a blue silk dtnnor drees, olaborately trimmed with old point, and in her oars and at hor throat burned the old Strathspey dia monds. Her Wondrous golden hair lay over her fair browjn countless little shining ourls and her cheoks glowed liko the heart of a blush-rose, while hor eyes, her lovely sapphire eyes, fairly dazzled one with tho splondor of their fevorish brightness. Never in all hor life had Marguerite, Countess of Strathspey; looked more beautiful, or felt more wretched. At thu other ond of tho long and niagni ficentiiparlment, in an embrasure of one. of the stained windows,' eat Lady Drum mond. . '.."'?"? She wore a dress of sonic light, gold huod fabric, that brought out in wondrous perfection all thu glorious tints of her Hobo-likb face, and her Muck braids and hor heavy curls were hold in place by thickbands of red Indian gold. '?- '~ Cleopatra heraelf. never : looked:, lrtora regal than did my Lady Cecilia, sitting boneath tho gorgeous glow of the richly stained glass. " . ' Lord .Strathspey bent over, her chair, ;his face glowing and animated. Sho was tinning Iho leavoa . <if a limdscape folio, talking to the earl in tho luoan timc. ? ' . ? . . ? ;?, ?? '' I'm going to shoot to-morrow," she said, with an arch smile; ." ho you must come to tho manor.' I'm anxious to dis gust yon, my ; lord. I always was n tom boy, you know. Do' you rimieinbor, Anijus- —" sho " began j: then, with a; 'bluish, and drooping lid's— "-j/jy lordj I. mean. I hog a thousand pardons. Thinking of tho old days made nio forgot; butf/o you remember wh.it rare mornings we used to hiivo, galloping to cover down ?on Willow Heath "( Ah, mo!" . : Lady Cecilia sighed, and seemed not to hear tho sari's assurance that lib did re member. ?Presently she continuod, as if halfto herself.-;.; ; ? "Suoh raro mornings t., Dear ? ' dear, what a pity wo cannot bo alwdys'young arid happy 1 This humdrum married life is very prosy* don't you think bo, my lord ?" ? . '; '.'-." .' .?.';'.'?.??:. . ?. . . ;. ?.-',' ';?? . ,'.'.' ???;. *' \Vell, I, don't know,"Vropliod the favl, with n laugh ? -V I have Hot found mine so Very pro'iy, but I'.dnro say you fcuowboat, .Lidy; Drummdnd,'.'. .. t-J?i? : 'so. Cw?tHM?i ?jbuttending; jrayjys I "and, apropos of proeinese, wo aro to have a ball ovor at ' The Cedars.' Lady Varnoy drove over yesterday to toll mo. Tho cards go out ton orrow, and it comc? off on tho twenty-ninth—a real fancy affair—bal masque, you know ! You'll not find any prosiness there, I'll promise you. And now, do gtices who's to bo tho lion," she added innocently, but with a sudden flasa in hor Spanish eyes. "I'm sure I've no idea whatover,unless you mean yourself,' ropliod tho earl. *' Myself J Oh, you stupid! Meaning myself. I ehould liavo said queen 1 Who's to bo tho lion, 1 say 1 Who, indeed, Colonel Gilbert Vernoy, Lady Vorncy'e brother, fuse como homo from India j and, bogging your pardon, my lord— your wife's old locer —a charming man. You had better look out for yoursolf, my lord carl." Somothing in tho insinuation, and in hor ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spoy. Ho frowned and bit his lip. " I can't see what I havo to fear from Colonel Gilbbrt Vernoy," he replied, coldly. v Can't you continued the lady, in a teasing tono. "Lady Strathspoy i 3 a charming woman, and old coals aro soon rekindled. Tho earl nlmost. involuntarily glanced across at his wife. Sho wne a charming woman indeed, and: more charining, ho thought, at that moment, than, ho had over seen hor before—she, who a day or two ago, had boon bo languid and listless. What could be bo accrot of the sudden change? " Only look at her now—tho countess, I mean I" coiitiuuod his companion, who had followed hie glanco, "is she not glorious? Such a chnngo I Down in the Tyrol sho was liko a ghost. What is tho secret, I wonder ? I can scarcely bolievo her .thoeamo person." " Sho's liko tlio rost of her sex, whimsical and changeable," replied tho carl. ?'Not bo :my lord," rotprtcd Lady Cecilia, half in earnest, half iv jpst; "wo women always havo motives, especially wh'oro our good looks are concerned. Lot mo rood the riddlo for you. Colonel Vcrncy calls this ovoning. Tho countess herself told mo, not an hour ago, that she expected him. Can't you see, my loid ? I warned you to tako care 1" And again her wicked, teasing laugh rang out. For tho life of him, Lord Strathspoy could not conceal his vexation. 110 was just blind and simple enough to autfbr this arcli-onchautrcss to win hor object, which was to rouso his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wife. These British peers aro only human aftor all, despite their noblo blood and high-sound ing titles, and as week nnd as full of foiblos, a goodly number of them, as the lowliest peasant that pays them homago. Angus, Earl of Stiathspey, was uoexcop tiou. Though a good and generous man, and protty shrewd, ho was no without hiu failings. Being the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did not make him per fect by any means. He glanced across, a second timo, at hie wifo, in hor shimmering laces and diamonds, her face bright with fevorish expectation, and n sudden thrill stirred his heart. Was it because tins Indian colonel was coming, that ehe had bloomed out so V lie knew the story of Gilbert Vernoy'a early love for Lady Marguorito of Auk land Oaks. Ho was only a young guards man then, and he was vory desperate when he found there was no hope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing his bruins out, but concluded to go with his regiment to India instead. And hero ho was back again, a colonol, nnd a bachelor still, ? '??;?.?? ' : ??????'."? .::" Lord Strathspey gnawed at his mous tache, and watched his beautiful countess with covert glanpee. Poor, blind Lord Angus, ho could not sco, ho could not dream, nnd there was no fricud's tonguo to whisper him the truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown off her lethargy, her terrible Borrow, and by nn effort almost superhuman, had bloomed out in all tho beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his lovo, her dearest trcasuro, which she saw, with a womnn's quick percoption, was slipping from her. Her husband did not dream o£ this, which Lady Cecilia well onough knew, and herwicked eyes gloamod with triumph as she watched the earl's moody'face, and caw that hes random arrow had struckhomo. ? ; But the clanging of tho, groat-dinner bell brought this littlo side-play to an abrupt close, and the carl, and .his guests filed through tho glittering rooms, and eur roundud the magnificent board, allsauvity, and smiles, and honeyed words, too well bred and solf-posseased to betray ovon a suggestion of bitter and torturing passions that filled their hearts. CHAPTER XV. A reitlLOUH STEP. Lord Strathspey, , nil at ones, had iiu perativo occasion to make a run down to London. Only for a short etay, howovor, andOolonol Cuudleigh was todo tlie honors, nnd his guests lo make tuotnsulvosJcouifort ablotill his return* ..'. . ..','.. ~.... . J[o started for'the curly train, boforb br.uakfast was served,and tho countess and her children were still iii thoir drensing rooin. ? He tapped lightlyJat the door, as ho passed - on his way doivn. Judith admitted him, and his wife aroso, still wrapped in her morning cadlimcre,*" at his entrance. . '??'. ? . "?Don't disturb ? yourself, Murguo rite," ho saidi 'just a trifle coldly ;?" I'm oil for Londbii, nml just dropped in to Bay good-by;" ? ; .'.?'?.? ? ;? Ho crossed.to tho lounge, upon which tho children wero sitting, atid kissed thorn repeatedly. Lady Pearl clung to his neck, and fell to sobbing. . , : '??'.'.' ?.'?. ". 'VDon'fc go, papa, darling,papa 1", eho implored; "wo want papa hero, don't wo, inamtna?" ' Mnmma noddod, with tho hot tears ris ing to'her eyes. '?' !' must go, just for "n littlo while, and he'll bring' I'carl a great doll,' with winking oyes. Will tliat do V Lady! Pearl' clapped her hands in eo etnsy.- : ?: ?-. , '? ? ??:"? ''.-. '?..??;, .'??; ? ? "And wliat ehall I bring you, my boy?" continued the earl, taking the boy's face in his hands, and looking down into his eyes with unspenkablo love.',,?.''?' Light, cold oyea they wore, a trlflo opaqus and dull, and tho face was inojined to be thin and sal!ow. : Lady Poiirl looked .like a rosebud besido, her brother, and I think hor father, though ho was almoafc uncdnsciou? of it, felt tt littjenngry and vexed et lira /sir, freoh Joyelinoss, Wliat business had ehe tb.bb brightor arid/hand somer than his aon and heir ?: . ????' ?'.'.Wlrafc shall! bring you; my son, from London?" continued the bar], fortho;boy had not ana'tvored;: . ; ".Nothing! I don't want nothing, , ho replied, at lastj with a auddon air. '* Pearl can havo. tho doll; I won't havo nothing. , :. . ' ,?'?.?? .-.'"'? : --:? ?, "You may havo tho , dolly some, too, Dubber, ,, cried generous littlo Poarl j " I won't keop her all the timo." " "No, I shan't 1" returned, tho young lord,spitefully. '..'.-"V ' ' His father looked inexpressibly grieved.. From day to day this was tho trouble.of tho nurisory— tho cross, unamiablo temper of tho boy. Nothing could pleaso or con tent him; ho was always surly and onvious, whilo Lady Pourl was"all generosity and sweetness. - , i .' ...': : ?-. ' " Novor mind ; I'll bring you both Bomothing. Bo good children," eaid tho father. " : ' ?? '' Thon he turned to the countess, and hold out hie hand; . v, '? "Good-by, Marguorito; my stay willbe ehort, and tho colonel will eeo that you aro comfortablo. He did not kiss hor, and his Toico was cold, his manner distant aud cero nionioua. Colonel Gilborr, Vernoyhad called on tho evening of the dinner party, just as Lady Drummoiid predicted ; and tho countess had received him very graciously, and evon honored him with a proracnadp on tho terrace. . ... ; Consequently,my lord,her most injured husband,-was in tho sulks, and not at all diejjosod to be affuotionate. ' " Gopd-by, Angus," sail his wifo, her voico faltering, and her oycs:Bwiiiiining with toars; '' icoii't you kiss mo before you g>?" '.-?-. Tho piteous voico touched the earl koonly, but he was too proud to show it. Instead of clnsping hor to his bosom, as his inclination prompted him, ho only touched his lips to hor forehead. ~,' Aβ the door closed behind him, his wife, unmindful of the prcseiico oflier childron and their nurse, threw herself upon tho couch and burst iiito'a passionof hysterical sobs and tears. ".'? But in a very little.while.eho arose, otill and calm. ; <l Take ? tho children away," sho said motioning to LeTa, who had just entered ; "and do j'pu remain, Judith." " Now bring my travelling dress, and ring for a cup of chocolate," she con tinued, when they wore alouo. Judith stared in amazement. "lam going back to the Tyrol," ex plained tho counters. " Now is my timo, whilo the earl is away, aud I have not a moment to lose." , ? , : "My lady— you, ?" ejaculated tho girl. " Why not send mo in your place ?" (TO DX CONTINUni)) 