WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. 7-4 The annual sessions of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church began in the Centenary Hall, York-street, last evening. On the platform were the Revs. G. Lane (retiring president), Dr. Kelynack, S. Wilkinson, J. H. Fletcher, J. Oram, G. Martin, R. Sellors, W. Clarke, J. A. Nolan, and others; and in the body of the hall were a large number of ministers from various parts of New South Wales and Queensland. There was a very large congregation present in the galleries and other parts of the building. The Rev. G. Lane began the proceedings by giving Out the 478th hymn, after which the Revs. J. Bowes, J. Clifton, J. H. Fletcher, and A. Swift engaged in devotional exercises. Rev. G. J ans then delivered his official address. He said: I am persuaded that I shall be giving expression to your feelings, as well as my own, when I say that, after an enforced absence of two years, we gladly return to this historic church site for the purpose of holding our annual conference, and henceforth not in a hired houses," but in this our own spacious and beautiful ecclesiastical home do we hope to assemble from year to year to report the progress of the work of God in our churches and country, to praise Him for the success with which He blesses our efforts, and to devise means for the wider extension of the kingdom of Christ amongst the people of this country, and also throughout the mission fields of the South Seas. In retiring from the honourable position to which you were pleased to elect me twelve months; ago I desire, first of all, to acknowledge with devout gratitude to Almighty God the preserving and sustaining grace Which he has vouchsafed to me during the year and was to thank you for the kindness and respect with which you have treated me throughout my year of only the honour of the presidency of your conference during the centennial year of Australian history is the highest, distinction which you could have conferred Upon my and I value it as such. The past year has been an eventful one both in our national and denomi- national history. During the sessions of the conference of 1888 the one-hundredth anniversary of British settlement in Australia was celebrated in this the mother city of the continent with considerable enthusiasm aMd appropriate ceremonies. The close of the first century of our national history, and the commencement of the second, was a fitting occasion for review and forecast. Over the marvellous growth and the brilliant prospects of the Australian colonies we did well to rejoice, and to give thanks unto God, by whose pros poring blessing all this success has been achieved. And in view of the future, with all possible perils and difficulties, we shall do well, as Christian patriots, to think, and pray, and work for the safety and honour and righteousness of our country. The various religious denominations hold special services in their churches in commemoration of this great event, and by pulpit teachings and platform utterances, and in their periodical literature, endeavoured to emphasise its moral and religious lessons, and to evoke and intensify a truer and more practical Christian patriotism in the heart and life of the people. Only the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ can preserve, purify, and ennoble our national life, and qualify us to work out our true destiny in this new land, and so fulfil the Divine purposes for which we are dwellers hero in this nineteenth century. Barely God had higher claims for us than mere worldly prosperity and material greatness. The treasures of gold, and coal, and wood, and the other sources of wealth in this rich and extensive country, are His gifts to me, but not alone to enrich us, to minister to personal indulgence or family pride, or to build up (treat fortunes for the few shrewd and successful one. No, they are to be employed for the common weal, the true welfare of the people, the glory of God the giver, and the dis- ~ semination of the priceless blessing of the Gospel of Jesus Christ throughout the colony. These truths were practically recognised by us when in the previous conference, we established the Centennial Thanksgiving Fund, " in grateful recognition of the abundant bloas lags bestowed by Almighty God upon this colony during the first century of its history." The objects to be assisted by this fund were the Theological Institution for the training of candidates for our ministry, the liquidation of Church debts, the Ladies' College, and the extension of mission work in city and country. This fund was inaugurated in the conference itself, and with an outburst of sanctified liberality on the part of its representatives, both ministers and laymen, almost unexampled in colonial Church history, the noble sum of £7000 Sterling having been promised almost in a day. It was resolved to make an organised and urgent appeal on behalf of the fund throughout the whole of our cir- cults, and the Rev. Dr. Sellors was appointed the clerical general secretary, and mainly through his Malaria and able advocacy of its objects in the various districts of the colony, nearly £25,000 have been already paid or promised towards it. (After referring to the death of the Rev., C. Olden and W. T. Rabone during the year, the reverend gentleman went on as follows : I am thankful to say that our churches have not been troubled by doctrinal controversy, or ecclesiastical strife, or social disorder during the year. Our relations with the other Protestant Churches have been friendly and fraternal. We are at one with them on all the vital doctrines of the Christian faith, and we have not time to disagree on the smaller details of Church administration. " One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God, and Father of all who is above all, and through all, and in you all, is the expression of our common belief, and of the bonds of our true spiritual union and so we can re- joice with them in all their successes, and wish them God-speed in all their enterprises. There is room for all of them, and work, too in this country. And each of them has its own special mission to fulfil, and its own particular phase and form of Christian doctrine and duty to set forth and to develop. Each Of them, too, has its own distinctive excellence, and has made its own special contribution to the edifying of the body of Christ." The visits of some of their representative ministers of the home churches, such as the Revs. Drs. Marshall Lane, R. W. Dale, and A. Maclaren, have greatly interested us, and, to some extent, stimulated our efforts in the cause of their Great Master and ours. And I am sure you will allow me to say to-night, on your behalf and my own, that we share in the common regret of the churches that the cultured, broad-minded, and catholic spirited Primate of the Anglican Church is compelled, by stress of circumstances, to leave the colony and make his home again in England His coming to us a few years ago was a distinct gain the intellectual, moral and religious life and thoughts of our people, and his departure from us will prove a serious loss. His eminent services to the cause of Christianity while he has lived amongst us claim the grateful recognition of all who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth. We can ill spare such men of light and leading from our community in this transition period of our history. Despite the general financial depression which has prevailed, the material work of our Church, in the acquisition of sites and the erection of buildings, has gone on apace. In this department we have expended not far short of £80,000 on churches and parsonages, completed or on the eve of completion, since the preceding Conference, This, of course, includes the cost of this splendid hall, the beautiful church at Waverley, and those also in Albert-street and The Valley in Brisbane, together with smaller sanctuaries in other places. But such material progress in the acquisition of sites, was the erection of church buildings, is not the only, nor, indeed, the chief, progress at which a true and earnest Church of Christ will aim. Thora may be large possessions in lands and buildings, and yet spiritual poverty and moral powerlessness. When thomas Aquinas visited Rome, and was shown the splendours and treasures of the Papal Palace, the Pope, it is said, remarked to him, " The Church in our reign cannot say. ' Silver and gold have I none" " " No," replied Aquinas, " neither can it say, ' In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk.'" The Church in those days had gained in wealth, but it had lost in power, and the loss had more than counterbalanced the gain. So we may have the power of wealth and numbers, of scholarship and eloquence, but if we have not also the power of the Holy Spirit working with and by us in moral miracles of Soul healing and man-saving, we are destitute of the great essential qualification of a Christian Church, and shall utterly fail to accomplish the supreme purpose of our existence as such. Our statistics of church membership disclose, I regret to find a small decrease for the year. This is far from a satisfactory outcome of all our work. Some relief and encourage- ment are supplied by the return of nearly 600 persons an probation for Church membership. I am aware that these numerical returns do not accurately pause the remains of our church operations, but they should afford 1 a fair; approximation, or else of what value are they to use JVo have cause for humiliation and confession of unfaithfulness before God, and we should resolve, in his name and by His promised grace, to serve Him with greater zeal and fidelity henceforth. It is a source of satisfaction to us to know that in the great colony "of Queensland our Church is growing stronger, and becoming more enterprising in view of the magnificent fields of labour which are opening before it, and the pressing religious needs of its ever-increasing population. This year it is one of the two only colonial districts of our conference which reported an increase of church members. The fifth General Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church was held in the city of Melbourne in May, 1888. It comprised about 120 members, most of whom were in attendance. Those representatives came together from New Zealand, Tonga, Fiji, and all the Australian colonies, save Western Australia. The business transacted embraced a general review of the work of the churches during the preceding craniums, and now legislation on the mode of electing presidents of annual conferences, and other matters; but the chief interest of the conference centred itself on its decisions upon ministerial interchanges, Tongan affairs, and church membership. Its action in the difficult matter of inter . oonferential exchanges of ministers was a departure from its usual practice. Hitherto these have been effected as the result of friendly negotiations between the ministers concerned, or by amicable arrangements between the army conferences. But the recent General Conference, by formal resolution, decided to act in the matter on its own responsibility, and in the absence of such negotiations, at least in several instances and while I am of opinion that in so doing it acted quite within the powers vested in it by the constitution, I am equally of opinion that it did not act in harmony with the spirit of that constitution, and such peremptory and arbitrary removals of ministers from one conference to another are calculated to sow the Mode of dissatisfaction and even rebellion by the great inconvenience, and even injustice which they may cause. Tongan Affairs The General Conference has taken the management of the affairs of our suffering and troubled Church in Tonga into its own hands. But although the Tongan churches have been thus removed from our jurisdiction. I hope that we shall not cease to bestow upon those faithful and oppressed Tongan Wesleyans our love and practical sympathy, and to plead for them with the Lord our God ; nor can we cease to feel a righteous burning indignation against the originators and promoters of the shameful and cruel persecutions which have been inflicted upon them ; nor can we cease ' our efforts to secure for them by all lawful and righteous means the right of every man liberty of conscience, I and freedom to worship God. Since our last conference the new model deed for the settlement of our church property in New South Wales has been duly executed and registered. I had hoped to be able to announce to ; you that the necessary Act of Parliament, giving N'nlidity to the new model deed had been obtained, The bill was introduced into the Legislative Council by the Hon. li. Victory, M.L.C., early in November, and, having been approved of by it, was sent on to the Legislative Assembly, where Mr. Jacob Gummi, M.L.A., took charge of it. It was read in the Assembly the first time, but, owing to the pressure of public business, no opportunity was afforded for the second reading. The dissolution of Parliament necessitates our beginning this matter de novo, and already the necessary formalities are being attended to in order that the bill may be introduced as early as possible into the new Parliament. The chief objects to be obtained by the new deed, and the Art, are to give to our conference such relation to and control over the church properties in New South Wales as is possessed by the English Conference, to invest trustees with power for the better management of church properties, and to provide for a simpler, easier, and less costly funds of appointing new trustees. In addition, we hope by it to obtain Parliaments,! by recognition of the new constitu- tion of the Church. The Act when obtained, will prove, we believe, of great convenience and lasting advantage to us. Permit me also to remind you that this year of 1889 is the third jubilee year of Methodism. The Methodist "Society" dates from 1839. It was organised at the old Foundry, London. In that year John Wesley commenced Hold preaching, formed the first "band," and laid the foundation-stone of in Bristol of the first chapel built by his people. That year was the real his tonoepochof Methodism. Its first members were few and feeble, but now it is to be found in every civilised country of the earth, and in almost every heathen land, and its adherents number nearly 25 millions of people. Its human founder was treated as an outcast or a mad- man, resulted, proscribed, maligned, and cruelly persecuted; but to-day, philosophers and statesmen, historians, and philanthropists, alike honour his memory, and acknowledge the greatness of his character and work. His memorial is amongst those of Britain's illustrious dead in Westminster Abbey and best of, all, his spiritual children all over the world " the up and call him blessed." The history of Methodism in Australasia does not yet extend over more than threequarters of a century. It is not yet 74 years since the first missionary arrived, and not 72 years since the first humble chapel was built. Its growth during the first 26 years of its history was slow. Its greatest advances have been made during the past 40 years. Our latest statistics show a ministry numbering 687. churches 2542, church members 71,785, adherents 395,263, Sunday-school scholars 101,170. " The little one has become a thousand, and the small one a strong nation." This is the Lord's doing, and marvellous in our eyes. We ought not to forget our devoted predecessors in this work. They laboured long and faithfully, and some of them almost alone, and we have entered into their labours. They builded better than they knew, and some of them knew a great deal. Like all true, thoughtful servants of Christ, they planned and worked for the future, as well as the present- In their holy toil they had in view not only the congregations and people of their own day, but those also of the ages to come. They grasped with a firm faith the great fact that this country belonged to the Lord Jesus Christ, and that its people needed converting to Him. They laid the foundations in a workmanlike manner. It is ours to imitate their faith and emulate their deeds. God forbid that we should prove unworthy successors of those brave pioneers. With larger resources, greater opportunities, wider fields of toil, increasing obligations, and more pressing claims, we are bound to carry on and extend the work which they commenced. Our traditions, our professions, our capabilities, our practical Scriptural theology, our numerous and varied lay agency compel us to do this. Only thus can we vindicate our right to a place among the Christian Churches of the age. Sold, persistent. systematic, believing Christian efforts for the salvation of our countrymen are required of us. Obedience to God, fidelity to Christ, love to our fellows, loyalty to our country, and duty to ourselves demand this of us. The Gospel we are called to preach is now, as over a mighty regenerative power. And all the resources which were available to the Church of the past are available to us. The power which made it so mighty in certain epochs of its history is for us to-day. We may secure the aid of invisible and spiritual auxiliaries. Our Lord, who declared His supreme authority and power, and promised His abiding and universal spiritual presence with His people, fulfils His promise. He was with our fathers. He is with us. it will be also with our children. And He is equal to all the needs and perils of His Church in successive ages. He, its glorious founder, will be also its faithful keeper. In His name, and by His grace, we will do our work, and so help to extend " the growing empire of our King," and assist in making the second century of our country's history nobler and more righteous than its first. " History, with far resounding echoes, proclaims the awful lessons that not knowledge and wealth, but virtue and religion are the central pillars of the commonwealth, and that the blind girl who pulls these down buries himself in the general ruin." There are some men in our country who are endeavouring so to destroy ; ours is the nobler work of the builder. To carry on this work effectively we must work thoroughly and vigorously our own Church System. We have most excellent and well proved machinery ; it only needs to be employed with energy and wisdom. I am a pronounced denominationalism, but not A sectary or a bigot. And I have a conviction, growing stronger and stronger, that we need more denominational esprit de corps amongst us. Some of the other Churches set us an example in this respect. And our forefathers in Church work appear to me to have displayed more of this. The Methodist Church is a connexion. Its itinerary, its funds, its policy, its administration are connexional. If, however, the connexional spirit de- clines and dies out the most serious results to the connexion itself must follow. And our connexionslism has been one of the secrets of our growth and success. Suffer me, then, to urge you to cherish and strengthen this spirit of strong, unswerving Church loyalty. Believe in the Church to which you belong, devote yourself to its service. Display an interest in its institutions, its literature, its funds, its enterprises and so you will in the end most effectually promote the glory of God and the welfare of man. And now, fathers and brethren. let me remind you that " a marked original characteristic of the Methodist Church was that it was an agency for converting men." Is that a sufficiently marked characteristic of our Church in those lands to-day ? Is our Christianity aggressive enough ? Aggressive Christianity has always been victorious Christianity. We must adapt our methods of work and utilise our workers and resources to the varying conditions of society and the pressing needs of men. In the catholicity and adopts tion of Christianity we see proof of its Divine origin. It is the one great hope of the world. Here, in these central, commodious premises, we hope to take a new departure, and in a larger and more systematic way than we have ever attempted before conduct Christian mission and philanthropic work among the people of this city on the lines of British Methodism, and in the spirit of Him, our great Exemplar, " who went about doing good." The address was listened to with great attention, and was loudly applauded at its conclusion. The conference then proceeded to elect the president for the year. An absolute majority of votes being necessary to secure election two ballots were taken, with the result that the Rev. R. Caldwell was declared elected. The new president was welcomed to the chair by the retiring president in cordial terms, and was received by the members of the conference standing. The Rev. R. Caldwell expressed his thankfulness to God for his grace and blessing, and to the members of the conference for their kindness in conferring the honour of the presidency. Whilst thankful that he was a Methodist preacher, he joined in expressions of catholicity towards other Protestant churches. There were great possibilities of usefulness in the Methodist Church with all its various agencies, but there was need to look for the mighty action of the Holy Ghost upon them. He cast himself upon the prayers, the sympathies, and the help of his fathers and brethren, and prayed especially that there might be a great revival of true religion amongst the young people of the church. The voting for secretary resulted in the re-election of the Rev. C. Stead, who briefly returned thanks. The conference then adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning. STATIONS. The following are the ministerial appointments for 1889, as recommended by the stationing committee : 1\. Sydney District.- Sydney (York-street), James A. Bowling; Sydney (Wesley Church), Charles Jones : Sydney (Bourke-street), Henry W. T. Pincombe. William H. &cato;, Joseph Woodhouse; Sydney (Glebe), Richard Caldwell, J. Gerrard Martin ; Sydney (Hay-streetand Pyrmont), William Bourne; Sydney (William- street), William G. Taylor; Sydney (Mount Lachlan), Matthew H. Parkinson; Sydney (Newtown), Joseph Hopkins, Alfred J. Harding; Sydney tStawnore), George Martin, John A. Jeffreys, John Bowes, Sydney (Waverley), George Lane, Joseph Parker, Sydney (Pad- dington). John S Austin Sydney (Balmain), William G R Stephinson Petra K J Stephen, Sydney (St Leonards), Edward T Rodd Willoughby and Gordon Frederick C Boyer Ashfield, William Clarke, William M Callum Petersham, Burwood, John Clifton, Homebush, John Iv Turnor Rockdale, Joseph Monahan Maud), C J Duffill, Parramatta, James Woolnough, Liverpool and Granville Jas Scott, Ryde, James L Carruthers Windsor, William Hill, Lower Hawkesbury Henry Woodhouse Gosford a (candidate Penrith, James Phillips Camden, J inn b Oir Wollong mp Benjamin J Meek G Holford Cowles, Kiama William H George, Joseph Bnaut, Shoalhaven, Gustavus R Glasson, Broughton Creek, Charles J M Coy ulladulla, J F Cranfield Warner, Moruya, Frederick W. A Roberts, Bega, Frederick Colttoll 2 - Bathurst District Bathurst, Charles Stead Robert Allen, Rockley, Isaac Sarginson, Blaine;, Joseph Tarn Ctmrn William G VI i Hird Orange, Matt how Maddern, Spring Hill, Thomas R "M Michael, "Molong Joseph Beale, Mudgee, W W rolls Rutledge Rylstone, George W Paine, Hill End, Alexander Douglas, Oberon, Tram is J Curwood, Lithgow, Walter I was, Dubbo and Wellington, Robert Stewart Cobar, Gregory Chappell, Ni surgeon, William Brown (of) Pat kes, An arrest Lieut, Forbes, William Stewart Bourke, Hen] 1min H nothing Maitland District West Mint' and, Joseph Spence, t horse C Percival , 1 nat Maitland, John W "Moore Morpeth, Aden Parsons Francis T Branch, Newcastle, John Gardiner, Richard East, Wallsend and War a th, John Robson, Hambleton, Kirton A. Corner M uswellbiook and Merriang, Charles E Butler, Murrurundi, Benjamin Line, Dungog and Stroud Thomas Potts, Manning River, Granville j O Cocks I 4 Armidale District Armidale William Glasson, one to be sent Tenterfield, John Hulme, Glen Innes and Emmaville, Thomas Parker, Inverell, Edward King, Chinese Mission, Joseph fear Tuck turn- worth, James G Middleton, Ernest Ensor, Bingera, Howard 1 Grmnror, Gunnedah, R M Laverty, Narrabri John To ends of Grafton District Grafton, Alfred Stanhope Swift, Brushgrove and Ulmarra, Robert Johnston, Macleay River, Daniel A. linesman, Aaron Cooper, Bellinger River, John W Harrison Part Alice Marie, Fr derick Dixon, Lower Clarence, Ham Allen, Richmond River, Grot go A Reeve, Thomas A Hanton, Ballina, James 11 Lewin G -GoulburnDistrict-Goulburn, Arthur J Webb, Crookwell, Thomas Northcott Case, William C Hughes, Gunning Henry Pennington Braidwood, -, Queanbeyan, Stephen Wright Young, Alexander Hutchison Bowral, Henry Wiles Robertson, James Colwell Bombala, Charles E W illnims Wagga Wagga District t -SI aged "Wages William Weston, June, Reginald B Bowen Adelong, William H Hall, B A Co stampedes, Lbenexor 1 of Deniliquin, John Calvert, Rev, Gustavus Thompson, Narrandera, one to be sent, Wentworth, Andrew Holliday, Corowa, 1 Frederic "Warner Albury, J. G. Morris Taylor Wilcannia, W Gould-lavlor 8 Queensland District Brisbane (Albert-street), Henry ^oun¡,üian, W Halse Rogers, Sandgate, Home Mission Station, Brisbane (Wesley), Frank Duesbury, Thomas Brassington, Brisbane (The Valley t, Robert Dyson, William H. Williams , Bros bane (West End), W. H Harrison, Pine River, John J Gee, Ipswich James A Nolan, Henry James, John Gardner, Pimpama, Benjamin Dinning, Isaac Harding Toowoomba, William Dinning Warwick, Frank E Fletcher, M A., Maryborough, James W Winspear, Bundaberg, William Pearson, Rockhampton, Charles W Graham, Joseph Snell (Mount Morgan) Peak Downs, William Brown (a), Gymmo, Thomas B Holmes Mount Perry, e, Stanthorpe, Thomas Warham townsville, William Wall, Charters Towers, Joseph Bowes, Walter P. Brown, Croydon, William H Howard Herberton and Port Douglas, one wanted. 