CAMPAIGNING MEMO RIES. WBIITEN FOB " THE ADVERTISER" BX DAVID CHBISTIE MURRAY. Enough happens every day la the life of the least observanb and adventurooa to occupy a week in recital, and in 3 year's campaigning, where life movea at its j rapldeafc possible rate, and where enough j excitement for a month is crowded Into a . minute, there Ilea more matter of interest ; than any man could pnt. on paper if he j lived to be ahundred. The only difficulty la in the question of selection. I have j not seen a shot tired in anger for this last . 13 years, hut there is scarcely an incident of the RuBso-TaiklBh campaign which is not as clearly present to my mind to-day as it was within an hour of its occurrence. It happens, too, that within this last month or so I have been refreshing memory rather copiously by ^ talking i over the incidents of the campaign with two men, who from their respective sides saw most of It-Dr. Charles Ryan, of Melbourne, and Mr. Kinnaird Rose, the editor of the Brisbane Courier. "When 1 was in Brisbane the other day I reminded the latter of a very curious experience which came to me through him. He was representing the Scotsman on the Russian Bide, whilst on the Turkish side I was working both for the Scotsman and the London Times. Roae was wounded in the ankle by a rifle bullet, and the news got down country that the correspondent of the/SfcofsmaMhad-beenhlt. It travelled frommouth to mouth, and waa exaggerated as It went, until in Constantinople it was related that the Scotsman's representative had been killed. Then the statement grew Into detail, and it appeared that the unfortunate too-adventurous youth had been shot In the act of surveying the enemy'B position from a Turkish earth woik, and had fallen back stone dead with his field glasses In his hand. When things had reached thla pass It was found necessary to provide a name for the defunct, and since I waa the only correspondent of the Scotsman on that eide-there was another, I believe, in ABia Minor with the Turks-it was not unnatural that my name was chosen. So the news was flashed home by wire that poor Christie Murray had come to a finish, and had fallen a victim to his own temerity. An imaginative artist drew a picture of the fatal scene, and sent It home, where It was engraved and printed. I read my own obituary notice in the papers, and learned that It was a pity that so promising a young man should be cut off In the flower of his youth. One of these days there will be obituary notices which I shall not read, and I cannot laugh at the episode now as I did at the time, but It was a curious thing to happen, and not one that falls to every man's expe rience. I remember very well when I got home after that terrible campaign that I had a conversation, very Interesting to myself, with Archibald Forbes. I cannob tell this story without offering a confession. I never knew from Btart to finish, and I do not know now, whether In moments of danger I felt like a brave man or a coward. I know that I never ran away, or disgraced myself, but 1 know that I always felt as If I should have likecl to iun away. 1 know that to be under fire ! was always a moat comfortleBB and nsr ! vous experience, and I never felb a touch I of that thrill of battle and that glorious ; eense of risk and excitement about) which lb Is so easy to write and talk. Lota of | men talked of it In my hearing. I have j heard from their own Hps that they re- j jolced In danger and had known nothing . BO glorious as the excitement of being shelled at. Now all this made me feel particularly email, and I listened to lfc with a sense of growing self-depreciation. .It was a thing I sc'.tceTy liked to talk about, leBt by my confession I Bhould bring disgrace upon myself. But at last one evening, fresh from a renewal of this kind of talk, I met Archibald Forbes in the Strand and resolved to take the bull by the horns. Forbes, as all the world knows, has gone through nearly, If not quite, a score of wars, big and little. He saw the awful struggle between France and j Germany, and distinguished himself there ! by an undaunted courage and an extraordi nary resource. An iron man of Indomitable I mood, and beyond that, my friend, and > one 1 felt I could confide in. I made no . Becret of my own feelings in the hour of j battle, but I reported to him the glowing ! speeches of the heroes I had so newly j bidden good night to. "Ton go back to | 'em, young un," said Forbes, tapping me on the chest with an extended forefinger, i " Tou go back to 'em and tell 'em with my compliments-Archibald Forbes'a I compliments, that they're liars-liars!" I am free to confess that that dictum ' soothed me, and that after lb I began j to hold my head up once again and ' to think tbat perhaps after all a good ' many people" might have experienced those emotions of discomfort and distress j which I had thought personal to myself, and may yet have done their duty, j I have to admit that I saw some dare | devil valor which made that theory of the ' enjoyment of danger sound credible j enough. Here, for Instance, is a fact | which I should have some hesitation in relating on my own responsibility solely, but there are a score of trustworthy men alive who will bear me out In it. Poor Canspbell-"Shlpka" Campbell as we called him, and as the world remembers him now-was one of the heroes of the foolish desperate escapade. He fell on Secocoeni's Height, leading the black contingent there, under Sir Garnet Wolseley some years later, and no more gallant, whole-hearted, generous gentleman was ever struck down in battle. Francis FranclB, his companion on many a field of peril, dedicated to Campbell's memory his bsok, " War and Wanderings," and spoke of him aa " a man who loved danger and knew not fear." Captain Tiburce Morrissot, of the Troisiemes Chasseurs, was Campbell's companion in the hair-brained scrape. The two.were at Rustchuk together, and the RuBBlans from the opposite aide of the Danube were shelling the fortifications. There was nothing for either the English man or Frenchman to do, and the place waa utterly without meana of distraction or amusement. So one day-"It is par ticularly dull here," says the small Gaul to his companion, " let us find something to do. Let us go and sit up on the fortifi cation and be shelled at." Now I don't suppose for a moment thatthe little bantam i of a man-I have his daring handsome face before me at thla Instant-meant this proposition to be taken seriously, or that It was anything more than a dreary joke, borne out of the unutterable ennui In which he lived ; but Campbell, no doubb | with jocular intention also, offered a languid asBent. The Gallic bantam, what I- ever he may have' thought about it, took j the thing an grand serieux, lit up his j cigarette, and led the way. Campbell < followed, and it is an actual fact that the ! pair of them sat down under fire on the I face of the fortification at a little distance i from each other until a Russian shell burst ! between them. Then one or the other ! suggested that he had had enough, and ; his companion agreeing with him they left j the field and went back into the town un ; Bcathed. The story leaked out somehow, j and I think that each was a little ashamed of himBelf. It was a silly schoolboy piece . of daring, bub it showed a scorn for danger -of which both men made a far better use later on. I have never been able to look on Russia as being anything bat an essentially barbarous Power, and most people who know Turkey will place her, whether a little higher or a little Io-ver does not greatly matter, in the same cate gory. In the war between them, for the first time in the history of the world, tvo ; uncivilised forces met in a deadly straggle with all the appliances of civilisation in the hands of either They had railways at command, and the electric wire, and the latest pattern of siege-shell, and .the latest inventions of destructive science generally. The Circassians, I remember, were armed with the Remington repeat ing rifle. I never believed or saw any reason to believe in the stories thab were sometimes told about the villainons con duct of the regulars on the one side or the other, bub on the Russian side the Cos sacks, and on tbe Turkish the Tchirkaaaes, ! the Bashi-Bashouks ar,d Zaibecks, the Smyrinotes and Trlpolltes, literally played 1 the devil. Especially on the Ubtoman : side horrors were enacted which are beyond the power of tongue to tell or pen to write. There is no good purpose to Berve now in renewing the memory of j those hideous details, unless it were in the hope of teaching men to hate war, as I learned to hate it in the course of that horrible year. An Armenian gentleman with whom I travelled by train one day put the thing in a nutshell. "Ce n'est pas tme guerre; e'ezt I'extermination d' une- race!" Night after night on the borders of that fair rose country which lies nestled round Keaandlyk, under the stem splendors of the Balkan Hills, the horizon waB red with the fires of burning villages and townships. I saw with these eyes 1,200 mutilated dead, men, women, and children, lying in a vineyard hard by Kesandly k, every one foully murdered and shamelessly maltreated after death- I wentthroughtdwns which hadheldprosper ous and industrious peoples, where not a roof remained, and streets and gardens and smouldering ruins were left to the cole guardianship of the dismembered dead. So mnch one dare say, bat of the horror piled on horror, of the bestial last of cruelty, the ingenious devilry of wickedness which came out in details beyond number, which shocked the sense and harrowed the heart, unbil at last an absolute Indifference took the place of outraged shame and weary pity-of theBe things 1 dare nob and I will not speak. Many and many a time I have wondered i since that any creature born of woman ! should find ib in his heart to unloose war's I ban-dogs. The peace party used to bs 1 sneered at as men who wished for peace I at any price. The taunt wa3 not de ; served, and it is not Improbable that John [ Bright himself might have Bhown a new ; edition of the fighting Quaker la a ' righteous cause, bub it is hard to j find anything which justifies a re* | sort to so fearful an implement as . war. The folks who stay afc home j know nothing of ib. The troops | march out with swords and bayonets j flashing In the light, with banners flying and bugles blaring, and the crowd huzzaB. J Or the victorious force comes home : crowned with glory, and a whole populace goeB wild with the noise of its own ap i plause. In the time that goes between ! we read of daring acts of courage, and j' warm our blood with the thoughb chat our i countrymen are displaying all the qualities which have given the race the crown of Empire half the wide world over. Bub ; who readB between the lines, and knows the squalid degraded bestial thing war Is 9 Only the man whose own eyes have beheld it. I have had hundreds of enquiries, both at home and here, as to the truth of . " The Story of Mr, King " The hero of the tale died in Philadelphia a year or two after the close of the campaign. His . name was "Wheale, and though he was ^ no more a doctor than 1 am he was on the medical Btaff ab Orkhania, ; where he was engaged as a dresser in ; the hospital. Nobody had any great . - respecb for him, or thoughb him likely to distinguish himself for courage and devo tion, but sitting one afternoon in a hut where he had charge of two wounded tubmen, one of whom had just succumbed to her injuries, he found his chance for distinction unexpectedly presentedjto him, and took it like the plucky little Yankee that he was. A Circassian broke In ab the door with a drawn sword in his hand, and made for the rude bed on which little /Wheale'a charge was laid. The black guard spoke a word or two of .English, and there waB a brief parley between him and the American, which ended, when the savage's murderous meaning was made evident, by "Wheale's snatching up a dis taff that lay handy and knocking him summarily on the head with ib. The Turkish regulars had bolted, the Russian army was marching on the town, bat had nob yet reached It, and the Circassian was playing his own unfailing intermediary game of loot and rape and murder. When the Yankee soi disant medico got outside the hut he found two or three hundred of them, and though he was perfectly well aware that they were j ust as willing as they were able to settle his affairs finally, he opened out upon them with such a tirade of wrathful abuse that they recoiled before him, and the leader of the gang, after a word or two In his own language, with drew his associated rascals and lefb libble Wheale master of the field. When he " was questioned afterwards as to how he had performed this surprising feat, he said with some naivete that he had laid himself out to curse and swear, and he rather " kalkalated that he made them savages think that hell was open. I guess," he added, '1 that they took me for some kind of White-man's PaBha- supposed I was an English duke, I fancy." He was a per son we had hitherto reckoned of no account ab all, but when he joined the main body at night, bringing his wounded charge in safely with him, his reception made him very shy. Ib Is likely enough that chat sensation was strange to him, bub he told us with unnecessary vehemence of phrase that he knew he had behaved absurdly, but under similar circumstances would do again precisely what he had done. One of the most noteworthy tilings which came before me was the stoicism, or at least theouterimperturbability with which men went to execution in those days. In Tatar-Bazardjik and In Sofia for a considerable Bpace of days the average number of men hanged before breakfast waB 17. I forget now how long that dismal Saturnalia lasted, but I suppose ! there could hardly have been fewer than 300 executions. The military comman dant had rare pickings in those tiaae3. If a Bulgarian had anything worth confiscating it waB the easieaG thing in the world to denounce him aa a traitor to the Ottoman ' rule, to string him up and to impound his belongings. There was nobody to offer an ' objection unless ib were a handful of weep ing women and children, and they were always easily to be chaBed at the expendi ture of the merest trifle in the way of wearing out whipcord and a mouthful of Turkish objurgations. I was travelling on a burning Bummer day, when I saw ! seated in a row, at some libble ! distance from the rail vay-station at which the train had halted, aboub 25 or 30 Bulgarian peasants. They were tied together elbow to elbow, and were eating their midday meal with a remarkable awkwardness of movement. When a man raised his right hand to his mouth his neighbor's lefb had to go with it, and lb waB this singularity of movement which firsb drew my attention to the party. The train stopped for some considerable time to take in wood and water, and whilst my travelling companion and I watched the [ line of stolid feeders a little knob of Turkish police werq ab work strapping J together three slim poles, which they j finally elevated Into a tripod. Then having hung upon the poles to teBb their stability, an officer in charge gave a word or two in I a tone of indifferent castom", one of. the end men was cub free from the line, a written placard was fastened on his breast, and a rope being produced, the man wa3 hanged upon the tripod with no more ado than if he had been a dog. He had been eating the moment before, and his com panions, w ith no w and then a sidelong gla nee acroBB the Bhoulder to where he kicked and swung, went on eating still. When the engine waaonce more ready to take ui on °the man was quite dead and still, and the line of prisoners and their escorn were raising a cloud of dust aa they plodded northward ' along the son-smitten hill side highway# I B»W the band again more than once, and on each occasion its numbers were diminished. The wretched Christiana were being marched from village to vil lage, and executed haphazard here and there, ostensibly as a warning agalnab sym pathy with the Muscovite invader. I met the lasb of the gang at Guemlik, and he was sitting by the side of a fire with hi* guards, and was chatting with them in what seemed, a perfectly friendly Inter course. 1 learned afterwards that the hapless wretch had been brought back after hundreds of miles of travel .to his native village, and that having been freed of hiB bonds he had supposed himself about ' to be fieb at liberty. Somebody suddenly touched him on the Bhoulder, siid ««Gel, Ivan," which, being Interpreted, signifies "Come John," and John rose obediently and was led towards his own cottage, smiling and chattering all the way. 1 followed to see what) would happen. A soldier pausing at the door began to work away with the point of his bayonet in the mud of the wall above the door jamb. Then a rope with a noose at the end of it came from somewhere, and the man who bad given the order some minutes before rep »ated it, " Gdl, Ivan." The smile the man's face had worn was frozen Into a contortion of the ghast liest terror. He clasped his Hands together piteously, and burst; into tears and wailings. . Of all the many whom I saw die that dog's death in Roumelia and Bulgaria he was the only man who did nob meet it with a seeming stolid indifference. But he waB taken unawares, and had been allowed to think that all his troubles were over, and that he was a freeman again. He had been permitted to believe that the object of the walk he took was to reinstate him in his home. AmongBt other familiar figures I recall Is that of one Goldstein, a tailor and haberdasher In Adrlanople. Goldstein had started in life as a German, but had come to be a very polyglot and citizen of the world. He had been through the Crimean war, employed in I forget what capacity by General Wyndham, and was currently known as Wyndham's Goldstein. ? In reward for his services he was allowed to open a canteen, and made what was for Mm quite a handsome little competency out of it. With this he set up in business In Adrlanople, and prospered mightily, bo that when I met him he was a merchant of great consideration. He was a fat round ball of a man, but surprisingly ac tive for his build and as fall of fight as a bulldog. When the irregulars came up Into the town they frightened everybody with the solitary exception of old Gold | Bteln. One day whilst the terror was at Its height, and when nine out of every ten Bhops were closed because of the almost universal panic, one coffee-colored bandy-legged roysterer with a hat three feet high and a leathern bellybaud I crammed full of lethal weapons, 1 Bwaggertd into Goldstein's eBtabllsh | menb and demanded to know the 1 price of something. He clutched at the I article he wanted, and threw out the I monosyllable "K&tch;," which, means | " How much !" Goldstein, who himself stood at the receipt of custom that mora I Ing, told him the price. Xhe savage i offered a quarter of the sum, but Gold | Btein Iterated his original demand. Then i the Zeibeck offered half with the same re ! suit. Finally he drew his Bword and I flourished it over the counter at the peaceful tradesman, threatening to have his blood if the price were not abated. Thereupon the fat man unexpectedly j vaulted the counter, seizing an iron yard measure in the act, and fell upon the j savage with BO vigorous an onslaught that ! he drove him from the Bhop, and in the i end chevvied him the whole length of the j bazaar. Onlookers at the scene described | it to me as being indescribably comic. | The man of war, laden with murderous j knives and the pistols with which his j ancestors had ttormed Genoa, ran for hla life and bellowed like a bull calf, the burly tailor following, yard measure in hand, pantingly threatening and curaing In half^the languages of the East. I asked the valiant tailor if the story were true, and he answered, " Doa vos bo." There Is human nature even In the Zel | beck, I came across one fellow whom, I had very good reason to believe, was steeped to the very lips in murderoa3 outrage, and he was sitting on a doorstep dissolved In tears. Being questioned as to the reason of his distress, he pointed to a woman and a child in the near distance. He Eaid, with no mauvc^ae honte, that j they reminded him of his own wife and child far away in his native mountains, and I have no doubt that he had a very sincere affection for them and supposed himself to be doing good service to the Padlsha in exterminating his Christian enemies. The absolute contempt they entertained for the Giaour, the outside Infidel who has no part in the Bcherne of Mahomet, must be seen to be beliaved. My interpreter and I were riding one day Into PhllHpopolis when we passed a brace of theruffianB, whoBcowled atusas they jogged by. "Giaour varma?" says one, "Is that a Christian?" " Yar Giaour!" says the other, "It is a Christian !" They j turned in their saddles and Bpat after me with an execration which I suppose I was none the less happy not to understand. They gave ua excellent fan sometimes, as when on the northern march we en countered a body of them who had looted some Bulgarian village, One fellow had a sewing machine on his Baddle before him, and exhibited, that trophy with grins of joy and pride. I got my interpreter to aBk him if be knew at which end it went off, and at this query he hurled the machine into a wayside pond and rode away as if to break hiB neck. We came across a chum of his au hour or two later the same day. He, it appeared, had been robbing a Greek Church, and for his share of the loot had brought away a gilt candle stick 8 or 9 feet long. He invited me to taste the metal to assure myself it was gold, and was unshakable in his belief that ib was solid. He was Indeed so wedded to that opinion that I hardly thought it worth while to dispute the point with him, There was a third of the tribe who afforded for our observation quite a drama of greed and cunning and rage. He had robbed a Spanish Jew of hla coat, and had done It In mere wantonness, the garment to all seeming being not worth a sixpence. Bub the Hebrew refused to be spoiled without a protest, and followed the march for days, scheming to get his coat bnck. If it had not been for this persistence ohe thief would probably have destroyed or thrown away the garment loDg before, for lb was altogether worthless to him. At last, when he had worn out beaeeclrings and menaces, the owner of the coat offered to pay for it, and day after day he followed, raising his price every half hour or bo, untll the thief's suspicions were excited. In the qulei of the nighb he made Btrlcb examination of the gar ment, and found that the lining was stuffed full of little knjck knacks In gold and silver, and the wretched paper*cur rency of the country. Altogether I dare say he found £20 worth thus hidden away, and having carefully extracted it all, he sold the coat to its rightful owner at an extravagant figure. The misery and rage of that Jew were beyond all description. He was a picturesque old fellow, with a great sweeping mass of white moustache and beard, and a high peaked head of furrowed baldneBs. I could nob follow what he had to say, but he said ib with a gusto and Intensity worthy of Salvini. I have no doubt In my own mind that he was quite equal to the occasion, and that the sentiments he uttered were In full accordance with the exigencies of the hour. The fund of story to be found in the experience of war, whether tragic or laughable, Is practically Inexhaustible. If Ib were worth anybody's reading 1 could fill volumes out of the reminiscences of that one year. Bub I have no room for volumes here, and can only for an hour or two dip my hand Into the lucky bag o£ memory and bring oat the thing tirsb gratsped. I made acquaintance In Con stantinople with a gay, handsome, and light-hearted yonng gtant who had been in the fourth Konig'a Dragoons, and had fought through the Franco-German war. We Btayed together in the Bjzance Hotel in the Grande Roe do Pera. He was more than half an Englishman, bab had beerf bred in Hamburg, and all his sympathies and proclivities were German. He was a bright, harum-scarum fellow, and had gone out to join the Polish Legion and to fight for the Turk againsb Russia. "We got to be good friends, and one day I gave a little dinner party at which he was one of the invited I had aBked for the same evening a French officer of cavalry, and when the two encountered it was Im possible nob to notice the strange looka they cast upon each other. Ordinarily each of them was bright and quick in con versation, and bubbling over with high spirits. Now they sab glum and silent, and as the dinner wenb on something of a chill fell on ns all. In the course of half an hour tbe truth came out. The yonng German officer had seen his only brother cut down at hiB side in a cavalry charge, and had crossed swords with the man that had killed him. These two guests of mine had lasb met on the field of Gravelotte, and now sab together at my table. A question or two, an answer or two, resolved the whole bnsineas, and they both gob up and wenb away. There waB no ill blood between them, bat it wa3 not easily possible to Bit at the same table with a man who had slain an only brother, or with the man whose brother "yoa had Blain. The dinner party, which might have been a very joyfal affair indeed, languished Badly, and we had little to talk of or think of but this tragic and strange encounter. Now that I come to look back upon ? what I have written it looks rather like Hamlet without the ghost. The raison d'etre of the whole thing is left out of lb. The campaigning memories hardly touch the campaign at all. Suppose we have one peep at war before we part company. It was In the rainy season, and we were paarchlng upon Plevna. All the officers, of every grade and every arm, in a force of 20,000 men, were gathered together In the chill of the morning upon a misty hilltop. Below the hill to the left and to the rear lay the carving, muddy road by which our march had led us, and a mile away to the front we saw the little village of Avlanitzi, with the morning mist pretty thickly about it and above it. A straight unwavering column of smoke rose oub of the mist, j ast at the crossing of the river, and we con jectured rightly that the Russians had fired the bridge. Whether the enemy Btlll lurked in the village lb was impossible to determine without a reconnaissance, and a mere handful of Cossacks, perhaps a score, were Bent out to feel the way. We watched them from jAvlanltzi hilltop as they rode, now blurred by low-lying cloud and driving raio, now lost to sight altogether, and now with the burnished Bteel of their accoutrements glistening in answer to some scattering watery gleam from the morning sun, which struggled fitfully against the damp discomfort of the morning. At last the men disap peared In the river fog which wrapped the village, and the strained expectancy was broken by a dull sound of firing a mile away, which Bounded as though ib were filtered through blan kets to the ear. A minute later and our fellows came flying back again, flying for dear life, stretched a full length upon their horses, Circassian and TarklBh-Cos sack fashion, and firing backward as they rode. Here ? and there a horse ran rider leas, and here and there a man unhorsed ran his hardest through the heavy mud, or turned to fire. Behind the flying handful came thrice its number of Rus sian Cossacks, yelling like fiends, and plying whip and Bpur. At the foot of the hill our caralry lay hidden behind the rising ground, and when flying friend and following foe were within 100 yardd, a de tachment of 100 or thereabouts set out full tilb to meet them. The pursuers turned, bub their onslaught had bean so impetuous and unguarded that the forces were almost mixed, and the clash of steel on steel was heard above the flying thunder of the hoof beats, and the thick crackle of carbine fire from either Bide. Then there were more horses ran ning loose, and every here and there horses dead upon the road, and from onr coign of perfect safety we could see the men crawling from the roadway to the sodden fields. The hurrying mass of noise and smoke and fire swept onward towards the village, and once again pursuit was turned to flight. A Russian cavalry force fu'ly four squadrons strong bur3t from the village and swept the Tarks before them in a .flight more wild than that of their predecessors ; and agaia a3 they neared the hill the Turks hurled a heavier force than their own against them, and again tbe pursuers turned with a whole demoniac engine of fire and death behind and a thnnder of hoofs that seemed to shake the solid hill. They swept on at racing pace towards Avlanitza, and the flying clatter the hoof beats made upon the cobbled pathway of the village was noisily audible, eyen through that thick air, at a distance of a mile, lb was no moro than a cavalry skirmish, and the losses on either side counted barely .a score. It was recorded as the merest affair of outposts, but I never saw a pitched battle into which so much excite ment w'as crowded. Poor Bond Moore, who led the ambulance corps, and who, like so many of the good fellows who shared the fun and danger and privation of that time, has long Blnce joined the great majority, slapped me on the back with an excited cry, and shouted that it beat fox-hunting. From the merely spectacular point of view it was to my mind the most brilliant episode of the whole campaigu. Our men came back victorious, report ing the enemy in full flight, and when bhe rising sun had gathered force enough to dispel the fog we saw the white tent3 of the Russians on a distant hill, melting as lb were like snow. A Balky cannon shot or two said their good byes, and we marched on to the relief of Plevna with out Btriking another blow. 