MUNICIPAL MISMANAGE MENT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir, — I am compelled, with the concurrence of many inlluential ratepayers of this district, to seek in your columns that publicity which is unattainable in any other way. Direct repre- sentation to onr municipal body is either ignored altogether or ungraciously received and pigeon-holed ; appeals to individual alder- mou are cogitated with Bunsby-liko vagueness and profundity : public meetings aro, as a general rule, inadequate, or at least, owing to local prejudices, iuert and unpopular : Parlia ment ha3 no power ; our Templars' lodge is, ou this question, probably drier than on any other ; the Salvation Army has struck its tents and encamped against some neighboring Jericho; the Congrega- tionalists murmur, the Episcopacy despaireth, hut the state of our streets endureth for ever. The fact is, Sir, that tho municipal council of Canterbury has been regarded, especially of late, with triitch tho same form of vision as that with which the public but a short time ago viewed the " marble mau." To many our civic body is a hoax aud to a few it is only an obscure reality, The constitution of that body we presume to be the same as obtains olsewhere, but wo know of its existence only as we know of to-morrow's rain or of our last nightmare. It is either a possible certainty or a horrible dream. It has passed, as a tangible public factor, beyond tbe region of definition or far into that of chaos aud stygian darkness. Its acts are in every case only spasmodically useful or exqui- sitoly absurd. It is confronted on every side by ghosts of its own creation. It can do no work without having that work uudoue by con tingencies of its ovm making. In this respect it resomblos thel key of Bluebeard, for no sooner is the bloodstain removed from one side than it re-appears on tho other. Tho condition of our thoroughfares is appal ling. Pedestrian locomotion is suspended or, at best, precarious. Only last Sunday a dovout and respectable citizen dropped her family Bible in tho mnd on her way from church, whence it was dug out on Tuesday by the zeal ous efforts of two nightmen and a domestic. A more suggestive incident occurred only yester day, when an umbrella (with unicorn haudlc), befioved to belong to his Worship the Mayor, was fouud obstructing a culvert. It was a piece of grim irony on bis Worship, but it afforded a signal proof that the Mayor had at length chosen to pay us a visit. We havo a town-ball which, in miniature, resembles an antique gravestone attached to the body of au inverted coal-scuttle, and which, apart from its civic uses, is only occasionally ; occupied iby itinerant minstrols or sturved evangelists. The acoustic arrangemeuts of this extraordinary edifice aro constructed on tbo principle of tlio dead-head clock which strikes only once iu a lifetime — on the day it3 owner expires. The district comprises an area of 12 square miles, with 75 miles of roadway. This large civic territory is manugod by a Mayor, eight aldermen, a council clerk, nn inspector of nuisances, an overseer and six day-laborers, repreienting a vigilance committee of exactly two superior officials for each individual workman. The municipal debt is £7000 or more, and for this sum tbe rates are held as security. The debt has been incurred for two years, but as yet no provision has boon made for reducing any portion of it. Tbo council's credit is straiuedt|o the utmostjlimit of tension, but that body continues to contemplate Its creditors with Micawber-like indifference. The' district is groaning under many dis abilities. Residence) is no qualification for onr highest public ofliecs. The civic Novo is harp ing iu his city club while Rome is burping, A local humorist has rather grimly suggested the purchase of a hoarse for tbo civic body. Evorybody would readily subscribe, and no better satca9iu could be perpetrated. It will bo only to allow of the paosago of this ghastly vehicle that wo need expect any improvement in onr roadways, >md to effect this purpose we will turn out. with shovel and besom, to a man. —Yours, die., BEXLEY. July 18. 