(B— ^BK««S___5a______S_______!_5_ -^-POINTS; .... . ? _ I _ It orifiljt enreiy'^1 be pomebooys duty to i ?Wrvise tw tram traffio, bat iao one apparently I Tjracara. are frequently overloaded, but no natter how full they ate, drivers will always stop to take up passengers. These are generally two oars at the Opera HouBe at night time, yet the first oao is almost always orowded to exobss, and the other abqnt half full. Yet there is a tram offioial to look after these two cars. :-? Uoth. quite recently notioea were posted in ,fi.!™mot'B warninB passengers against alighting while tho oars were in motion. Thsbe notices have now disappeared, and tome drivers apparently oonBider it altogether unneceBBary to stop to put down pasBengora. Last night a male passenger rang tho bell, out the driver would not stop, although the oar was on a level portion of Stanley street. ' Whbn the oonduotor rang, the driver angrily asked why the passeDger did not jump off, notwithstanding the fact that the oar had all alODg been going at full speed. If a sanitary inspector or a board of health official wants to enjoy a good all-round knock cver odour, Hb o»n obtain it from the Chinese gardens along Montague road, near Ferry' street, tionth Brisbane. ? ?? ' And in 100 yards' ho can inhale as variod an assortment of fever germs -and nauseous odours as he can obtain anywhere else in a mile. ; Eoitkn manure, decaying vegetables, and stagnant water are a few of the causes. Abd when all is quiet, about 10.30 p.m , the ecenta can bo enjoyed to the greatest advantage. The railways onght to pay if they do not ; that is if they oould get trade enough. A small box, oosting 4s. oarriage from Sydney to Brisbane, cost 3t. from Brisbine to Sandgate. One is afraid ts Bay how much per ton that' xato of chargti would be, because it there were much trade of that sort a private railway wor'.d te made. According to a mesjfSge in a bottle, found at the EeadB, at Wellington, a'l the crew of the Connty of Carnarvon had been washed over board, with the exception of three, ' who did not expect to survive an hour as the vessel was then sinking.' A 6TBANOK death of a child near Kiama is repotted. The shook of seeing a ' ghost ' in a juvenile game brought on paralyeis, whioh ended, fatally. Amongst the students who have passed the Sydney University examinations in the fatuity of medicine are H. R. Nolan, A. M. Shepherd, and P. L. lownley. It is Btated that Peter Kemp, the Hawkeabury Eculler, who has claimed the ohampionship, is perfectly agreeable to measure blades with either M'Lean or Neil Matterson, three weeks after the date of their race. According to Mr. Habble, one of the valu ators nnder the Pastoral Lands Aot for South Australia, rabbits in the north and north-east of the colony are very numerous. B.P.A., of the evangelistio choir, notifies persons not to forget the time at Donwioh to morrow, and lose the Otter, for if they do, they will cot get baok by the Min6r. Aimre says he will allow persons who wish to vitit Dunwioh to-morrow to go by the Otter He will have none bat his choir in tho 3Iin er How nice ! It iR estimated by Mr. F. O. Lioht that the European beet crop of the present season will give a BurpluB of C81,000 tons of sugar. Poob old Dom Pedro is quite inconsolable about his wife's death, or afraid he too may ba caught by that epidemic Stablet, the explorer, hai a little account of £10,000 to be settled by Tippoo Tib. About the beBt thing Tippoo can do is to 'Tip up.1' What is in a name P Americans speak of ' 'Independence Day,' Queenslanders of 'Separation Say,' South Australians of ' Foundation Day.' Bab ! Muster O'Connor, the rower, is going to Ieaye open lor three months his ohallenge to low anyone for the championship of the world. At the end of the three months he will shut tip the ohallenge and olaim the championship but will it be in the dosed up challenge P The pea is not nnder that thimble. Me T. Iiennejeeo is going to put down sn aldermanio peg, Well done, Leoneberg, peg. away. Sib Samuel declines to be drawn; or rather the well is deep, and the interviewer had nothing wherewith to draw. Thby talk of taking the New Zealand Erhi - bition to London. Could they not ,tako New Zeeland itself there, eh P Tbb latest Parisian novelty in gloves has B small purse inserted in the palm, wherein women can carry their railway-tickets and imall coins. 21\. Nahtet readied the Paris Exposition from BrnsBels, after a seven days' journey in a phaeton drawn by a pair of dogs. He is a humane man, and when Mb dogs were tired he went between the Bhafts while they mounted the box. TnE first returns, received in Paris after the recent eleotion were from Coohin China. This was due to theolooks in Coohin China being seven hours in advanoe of Paris time, io that the telegraph was able to transmit tho news . before even the Paris results were known. ThenativeBof the Fiji Islands have taken up cricket through an enthusiast, Mr. Walling - ton. They like the game much, although they do not like to confine themselves to the orthodcx eleven on eaoh side. They play their matches -with 40 or SO a-side, or tribe against tribe. The now oity of Johannesburg, in the South African gold region, is attracting attention, and there are those who prcdiot for it a phenn roenalfuture. They promiBO 1,000,000 inhabi tants in five years, an output of gold which (hall gild the whole world, a oommeroUl itn -por+-mce threatening tho established trade centres of the Old world, and a political and eooial position second to no oity in Af rioa, north or sonth. 