TREES. The largest tree of which we have any record is broken at throe hundred feet from the ground, and measuring at the break eighteen feet. Tlie largest coniferous trees in the world are fonnd in tbe Sierra .Navada In Europe they are Jess colossal, but are large when compared with other forest trees. The Austrian Pine and Birch reach a height of «ne hundred and twenty feet, and the English yew u» »j*:eu uitubureu uny— els i^ei, six inches in girth. Humboldt and Herschel mention fossils of the Douglas spruce dis overed of two hundred and forty-five feec in height, with a girth of fifty seven and a-half feet. The state of Oregon has exhibited sections of the white fir from a tree three hundred aud twenty-one feet high, with a diameter of five feet ten inches at two hundred feet from the ground. Also sections of red cedar cut from the trunk one hundred and eighteen feet above tbe ground, from a tree three hundred aud twenty-five feet 1'Jgh, and twenty— two feet iu diameter. The most diminutive pine known is the Dacrydium Taxifolium, averaging only six to ten inches in height. The mammoth tree of California has been estimated to have lived four thou sand years, while.thj.cejebrated Taxo-. dium of Cbapultepec, in Mexico, is inferred to be over five thousand years Old. The Scotch pine is said to require two hundred years to mature its timber to perfection. The hardiest trees On earth are found among the Coniferae, their growth only ceasing with vegetation at the confines of the Arctic regions. Where the climate is (00 rigorous to allow their growth as trees, they go beyond their natural limits as low creeping bushes. A Pattoniana, a tree one hundred and fifty feet in height, dwindles to a shrub but four feet high on tlie summit -?£ the Mount Baker Range in North Carolina. Many of the seeds of tbe Couifcrae are edible, seeds of the stone-pine in Italy being made into cakes, and those of the Auracaria form the principal diet of the Indians oE Chili, while the bark of (he Sylvcstris pine is often made into bread by the Norwegian?. Nine-ienths of tbe Bavarian Bojal family have suicidal tendencies. Only 36 .per cent of the population of. Paris have been born in the city. Compuls?y military education of 'the whole male population proposed in Belgium. . Corpse of Turkish consul at Buda Pesth seized for debt. . . ?) The Emperor of Germany is showing ? eccentricities. The combined wealth of the Vander bilte is .£52,800,000. Woman named Margaret Fitzgerald charged with child-murder in Mel bourne. ' . ? ??.;???? Forty-one Italian operas produced in Europe last year, and only one of then a success. ? ?'- \ .?'?'?'$?? '? Stormy scene 'in French Chamber of Deputies. Several duels arranged. ' . Sir Henry Loch's term of office has been extended on advice of Mr Gillies. Peter Carl sentenced to eight yeans and two floggings for garotting in Syd* ney. ? ? ?? - : Tremendous bush fires in tbe Avoca district. ' * Proposal to colonise Palestine with Jews has fallen through, Mr. Jack Gardner, 'the silent member,' says he is in favor of Coa lition, 'es it were.' .--*'.? Mr. : «L Maloney -very .well received in the Eastern suburbs. * ; Nomination day Cor general election has been fixed for glstinst, , . Mr. Cbirnside is forming a 'half bat tery of horse artillery at the Werribe*. Four men charged with breaking into Mr. O'Connor's store at Manga lore have been acquitted. .-????? Three more big insolvencies rejrortged in Melbonrne. ' - ; Goulbnm Shire' Council meets to day. ' '-.??? «' A Gladstone, or us the * Age* pats it, a Separatist candidate, returned for Lambeth, England. Mrs. Langtry is dangeronsly ill. \- All foreign abettors of General Bon: lunger io be expelled from France. Five tracks thrown over a railway embankment near GeeJong, A horee left without food or water for four days at Wagga found, and then sold for 6d. A sub-committee meeting of the Sey mour Shire Council was held on yesterday to open and consider tenders for the posi tion of nightman for the town. Present ? Crs. Tristan (in chair). Woods and Wall der. There were two lenders received, } . Maioncy's, at £ 17 10s per month, and E. Barrach's at £18. Former was pro nounced informal, through not having deposit enclosed, and latter was accepted, on motion of tbe Chairma5i, seconded bv Cr. Woods. Three respectable looking persons named Michael Cumminsford, John Davidson and Bridget OTlannigan. who had evidently been drinking St. Patrick's health not wisely, but too frequently, made their bows 'before Mr Lyster. J.P., at the Seymour Police Court on Monday morning, charged with being drunk on the railway station. The two male prisoners admitted the offence, but Bridget said sbe did not remember any thing after taking a slight drop of the creature, so could not say whether she was drunk or otherwise. Discharged, on payment of 2s. 6d. costs each. For years the people of Seymour have been incessantly agitating for die employ ment of a person 10 carry out llie most important duties in connection with sanitary arrangements. Now that such an official has been appointed, a few dis satisfied persons are grumbling at the expense. The fact simply show the absurdity of any public man thinking he can please everyone. We are very glad to be able to announce that Mr. J. W. Wright, of the Terminus Hotel, is recovering from his recent severe illness. The Board of Advice held its usual monthly meeting in die Shire Hall on Thursday afternoon last. Mr Thomas Guild, Chairman presided and all the other members of the Board viz., Messrs Macintire, Dotter and Donald son, with the Rev. H. Macfarlane Correspondent were present. The Board on the previous part of the day had officially visited the schools at Northwood and Seymour. They found in both that the school frork was carried on actively arid efficiently, and that the school rooms and furniture as well as water tanks and out offices were all in a satisfactory condition. The same may be said of all the schools of the district which have been recently visited by the Board. At several of them, particularly Mangalore and Seymour, certain repairs and improve ments have been or are being effected The Board on Thursday inspected the repairs at the Seymour school ; and found they had all been satisfactorily done by Mr C. Drew, the contractor. The Correspondent was instructed to forward the usual certificate to the Department for payment. At its meeting the Board transacted a large amount of routine business and dealt with a variety of correspondence from the Department and from the Truant Officer. They also made some arrange ments for the approaching Annual Competitive Examination. St. Patrick's Handicap at Melbourne won by M'Auliflee. Mr Cooper, one of the candidates for Shepparton and Euroa, received a favorable reception at former place on Friday evening. The richest man in Berlin has _£23S.00G a year. The Fanners Association of Victoria has started a fund for distressed farmers. The common house fly can move through the air at tbe rate 175ft per second. It is said that the late Crown Prince of Austria lead a fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism. The will of tbe late Francis Henty wa6 proved in Melbourne last week, the total amount being £313,640. The Emperor of Germany predicts peace for years. The contracts for the ship railway across Nova Scotia have been signed, and the work is to be completed in 1892\. Ships will save 500 miles in going to Quebec from Europe by mak ing use of die canal. A funicular railway is to be con structed in Paris up the heights of Belleville, running between the Place dela Republique and Belleville Church. ? Niagara Falls have again changed their shape. Within the last few years the Horse-shoe or Canadian Falls have in a great measure lost the form from which they derived their name, as the rock in the centre has gradually slipped down ; but after a recent and farther fall they have altered from an angular into the original shoe curve. A speed-recorder for railway trains is the invention of a Chicago German. An indicator may be placed in a jias senger car, and the speed of the train at any time is shown upon its face The connection is made with the loco motive engine by the steam pipes. The. cost of the instrument is about ,£25 One was tried the oilier day on a train ' between Chicago.,, and New York. There were brief'-times when the wheels of the car stopped, and then the indicator 'dropped quickly to zero, as the instrument is governed by the revolutions of the wheels. 