THE MYSTERY OF MRS. BLEN- C ARROW. BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of The Chronicles of Carlingford, The Son of His Father, Ac., Ac. All Rights Reserved. . Chapter YII. Sho was gono bofore thoy could say another word, leaving them looking at each other in con: itcrnation, not knowing what to think. For tho rest of tho night Mrs. Blcncarrow shut heraoU up in her own room ; sho would not come . aownstair3,' not oven to dinner. Tho boys arrived and sought their mother in tho drawing- room, wondering tiiat sho did not como to meet tlicm, but found only their uncles there, standing before the firo liko two haded conspirators. Reginald and Bcrti'o rushod to their mother's room, and plunged into it, notwithstanding her maid's exhortation to be quiet. " Your mamma has got a bad headache, air." Thoy wero not accustomed to any regime of headaches. Thoy burst in and found her seated in her dressing gown over the firo. " Is your head so bad? Are you going to stay out ? " said Reginald, who had just learnt tho slang of Eton. "And there's Uncle Rox and Uncle Rogor downstairs," said Bertie. " You must toll thorn lam not well enough to enmo down. - You must take tho head of the tablo and take euro of them instoad of me," said Sirs. Blencarrow. "But what is tho matter, mamma?" Baid Dertio ; you do not look very bad though you are red here." Ho touched his own chcoks under his eyes, which wero shining with tho cold and excitement of arriving. " Never inind, iny dear. Emmy and you must do the honors of tho house ; I am not well enough to como down stairs. Had you good Bport?" "Oh, very goodono day, but then," mamma, you know this horrid frost." "Yes, yes. I should not wonder if tho ico on tho pond would boar to-morrow," sho said, with a smilo. "Now run away, dear boys,' and seo that your uncles liavo everything thoy want, for I can't boar much talking, you know, with my bod head." " Poor mamma," they crietl. Reginald patted licr forehead with his cold hand, as he had seen her do, and Bortio hugged her- in a' somewhat rude ombraeo.' Sho kissed both the glowing faces, bright with cold and fun and super abundant life. AVhen thoy woro gone, noisily, yet with sudden starts of recollection' that they' ought to bo quiot, Sirs. Blencarrow got up from her chair and began to walk hurriedly about the room, now and thon wringing her hands. ; "Evon my little boys 1" she said to herself, with tho acuteat tone of anguish. "Evon them !" For she had no headache, no wealtnoss, hor brain wassuporaatumlly clear, seeing everything, on every sido of the question, fho was before a problem which it needed moro than mortal power to solve. To do all hor duties was im- possible; which was sho to fulfil and which abandon. It was not a small contradiction such as sometimes confuses a brain, but one that was fundamental, striking at tho vory source of life. She was not angry with her brothors, or witii tho others who had made this assault upon her. What wero thoy, -after all ? Had they never spoken a word, tho problem would still have been there, more and more difficult to solvo every day. . No ono disturbod her further that night ; sho sent word downstairs that sho was going to bed, and sent ovon hor maid away, darkening tho light. But when all was still, she rdso again, and bringing out a box full of papers began to examine and read them, burning-many — a piece of work which occupied her till the household noises had all sunk into silence, and tho chill of . midnight was within and around the great house" full of human oroatiiros asleep. Mrs. Blou- carrow had all the restlessness about her of great mental trouble. After sho-had sat long over her papers, sho thrust them from her hastily, throw ing some into tlio firo and some into tho box, which she looked with a sort of firm energy ; then rose and movod about the room, pausing to look it hcrsolf, with her fovorlsli chocks, in the great mirror, then throwing herself on hor kneos by bcr bedsido as if to pray, then rising with a despairing movement as if that was impossiblo. Sometimes sho murmurod to hersolf, with a low unconscious outcry, liko somo wounded animal ; sometimes relievod herself by broken words. Her rostlcssncss, her wretchedness, all seemed to breathe that question — the involuntary cry of humanity— "What shall I do? Whatshall Ido?" At length sho oponod hor door softly, and stole down stairs. Thoro was moonlight outsido, and stray rays from a window hero and there mndo the long corridors and stairs faintly visiblo. Ono broad sweep of whiteness from a groat window on the staircaso crossed the dark liko a vast ribbon, and across this ghostly light her figure appeared and passed, mora strangely and in a more awful form than in the dark. Had anyouo seen hor it would have been im possible to take her for anything but a ghost. She went down to the hall, thon noiselessly along tho furthor passngo and baro stono stairs to tho little business room. All was dark and silont there, tho moonlight coming in through tho chinks of tho closed shuttors. Sirs. Blon- carrow stood on.tlio threshold a moment as it she had expected to find someono thoro, then wont in and oat down- a few minutes in the dark. Her movemonts and hor sudden pauses were alike full of tho carelessness of distracted action. In tho solitude and midnight darknoss and silonco what could hor troubled thoughts bo meditating ? Suddenly sho moved again unseen, and carao out to the door by which tenants and other applicants camo for business or charity. Sho turned tho koy softly, and opening it, stood upon tho threshold. Tho opening from tho darkness into tho white world unaeeu was liko a chill and startling transformation ; tho whito light streamed 'in, -opening a narrow path way - . in tho - darkness, 'in tho midst of- wbich sho stood, a ghost indeed — enough to hnvo curdled the blood of any spectator. Sho stood for anothor moment bctwocn the whitening mirror without and tho blaokncss of night and sleep within. To steal away and bo lost for over in that whito still distauco ; to dis appear and lot the billows of light and space and silonco swallow her up and bo seen no more. Ah ! but that was not possible. Tho only thing possiblo to mortal powor was a weary plodding along a weary road, that led not to vnguo dis-' tanocs, but soino village or town well known, where tho fugitivo would bo discovered by the daylight by wondering wayfarers, by lifo which- uo ono can escape. Even should death overtake hor, and tho wclcomo chill extinguish oxistoncc, yet still there would ho found somewhere, liko a fallen iriiago, hor empty shell, her mortal gar ment lyiug in tho way of tho first passenger. No ; oh, no ; rather still tho struggle, tho con tradictions, tho despair — And how could she ask God to help her? — that' ono appeal which is instinctivo— for there was uoiiiing she could do that would not be full of' lius or of treachery, a shirking of ono duty or another, the abandonment of justice, truth and love. Sho turned from tho world outside and closed tho door ; then returned again up the long stairs, and crossed once more tho broad bolt of m.oonlight from tho window in tho staircase. It was like resigning all hope of outsido holp, turn ing back to, tho struggle that had to be, fought out inch by inch on the well known and common ground. Sho was chilled to tho honrt with tho icy sir of the night, and throw horseif down on the hearthrug before tho lire, with a forlorn longing for warmth, which is the last physical craving of ail wounded and sufi'cring things, and then she fell into a deep but broken sleep, 'from which she fortunately picked herself up beforo daylight, so as to prevent any revelation of hor agitated state to 'th'o maid; who naturally sus pected much, but knew, thanks to. Sirs. Blcu- enrrow's miraculous self command, scarcely any thing at ail. Sho did not get up next morning till the brothers, infinitely yicrplcxcd and troubled, believing their sister to be mortally otfended by the step they had taken, and by their adoption or partial adoption of tho rumors of tho neigh borhood, had gone away. They made an in effectual attempt to sco her beforo they left, nnd finally departed, sending hor a note, in which Roger D'Eyncourt expressed tho deep sorrow of both, and their hope that she would come in time to forgive them and to seo that only soheitudo for horseif and hor family could have induced them to take such a step. "I hope," ho added, "my dear sister, that you will not misunderstand our motives when I say that wc aro hound in honor to contradict upon authoritative grounds . this abominable - rumor, since our own charaotcr may bo called in . . ' f question for permitting you to retain tho guar dianship of tho children in such circumstances. As you refuso to discuss it with us (and I under stand tho natural offence to your prido and modesty that seems involved), wo must sccuro ourselves by examining tho books in which the record of tho marriago was said to hava been found." Mrs. Blcncarrow . received this noto while still in bed. Sho read it with groat apparent calm, but tho great bed in which sho lay quivored sud denly, all its heavy satin draperies moving as if an oarthquako had moved tho room. Both her maid aud Emmy saw this strango movement with alarmed surprise, thinking that ono of tho dogs had got. in; or that there bad been some sinking of tho foundation. " Tho bed shook," said Mrs. Blcncarrow, clutchiug with her hand at tho quilt, as if for safety. "Yes, I felt somothing, but the flooring is not very oven, and worm caton at somo places, yon know." Sho got up immediately after, making a pre tence of this to account for her recovery so soon after her brothers' departuro, and appeared soon afterwards downstairs, looking very palo nnd exhausted, but saying shcfeltn little better. And tho day passed as usual, quito as usual io the boys and tho servants ; a cheerful day enough, tho children in tho foreground and a good deal of holiday noiso and commotion going on, Emmy from timo to tirno looked wistfully at her . mother, but Mrs. Bloncarrow took 110 notice, savo with a kiss or an especially tender word. "I think you havo got my headache, Emmy." "Oh, mamma, I don't mind if lean take it from you." The mnllier shook hor head with a smile that went to Emmy's heart. ''I am afraid," she said, "no one can do that." , In tho afternoon she sent a man over to tho Yicarago, with a noto to tho clergyman of tho parish. Ho was a middlcagcd man, but un married, a studious and quiet parson, little in: society, though regarded with great respect in tho neighborhood ; a man safe to confide in, with neither wife nor other belongings to tempt, him to tho betrayal of a secret entrusted to him. . Perhaps this was why, in her uttermost need, Mrs. Blencarrow bethought horseif of Mr. Ger- maine. Sho passed the rest of tho day in the usual manner, not going oat, establishing her self behind tho screen by tho drawingroom firo with somo work, ready to ho appealed to .by the children. It was tho time at which sho expected : visits, but thoro had beon no caller at Blencar- rowjfor » day or two, which was also a noticeable thing, for tho neighborhood was what is called sociable, and there had been rarely a day in which some country neighbor or other did not appear until the Inst week, during which scarcely any stranger had crossed tho threshold. . Was it tho. weather which had become so cold ? Was it tlmtthoro wore Christmas parties in most of the houses, which perhaps had nob quite broken up yet? "Was it ? It was a small matter, and Mrs. Blcncarrow was thankful beyond oxpression to bo rid of thorn, to bo freo of tho necessity for company looks and company talks — butyot; — - In tho ovoning, after dinner, when tho chil dren wero all settled to a noisy round game, she went down stairs to her business room, bidding them good night beforo sho loft tlio room, and requesting that she should not be disturbed, for hor headaches latoly had made her muoh behind with her work, which of courso was unusually hoavy at tho beginning of tho year. She went away with a curious stillness about her, pausing at tho door to givo a last look at the happy littlo party, all flushed with their game. It might liavo been tho last look sho should ever havo of thorn, from tho expression in hor face, and thon sho closed tho door nnd went rosolutely away. The servants in their regions soundAt almost as merry as tho chililron, in tho after dinner case ; but they wore far from the business room, whioli was perfectly quiot aud empty — a shaded lamp burning in it, tho firo blazing. .Mrs. Blencarrow sat down ut iior writing table, but, though slio was so busy, did nothing. Sho looked at her watch witii a weary Bigh, then leaning her head on her hands, waited — for. whom and for what who could say? ; OHAPTEU VIII. Sho had boon , there for somo timo when the sound of a footstop on tho gravol outside mado her otart. It was followod by a knook at tho door, which sho herself -opened almost before tho summons. Sho camo back to tho room, immedi ately followed by a tall man in clerical dress. The suppressed excitement which had boon in Mrs Bloncnrrow's aspect all tho day had risen now to an extraordinary licigh:. Sho was very pale, with ono flaring spot on either choelr, and trembled so much that her tooth were with difficulty kept from chattering against each other. Sho was quite breathlosB when sho took lier scat again, onco moro supporting lior bond in hor hands. Tlio clergyman was embarrassed too; ho clasped and unclaspod his bauds nervously, and remarked that the night was very ; cloudy, and that it was cold, as if, perhaps, it had been to givo her information about tho weather that he came. Mr.. Gormaino giving his views about the night, and Mrs. Blencarrow listening with her face half hidden, made the most curious picture, surrounded as it was by the baro frame work of this out of tbe way room. She broke in abruptly at last upon tho few broken bits of information which he proceeded to give. " Bo you guess why I sent for you, Mr. Ger- maino ?" - Tho Vicar hesitated and said, "lam by no means sure." " Or why I receive you lioro in this strange placo, and lot you in mysolf, and treat you as if you .wero a visitor whom I did not choose to have scon ?" " I havo novor thought of that last case." "No — but it is true enough. It is not an ordinary visit I asked you to pay ma " Sho took licr hands from hor faco and looked at him for a lhomout. " You havo heard what people aro saying of 1110 ?" she said. "Yos, but. I did not bolicvo a word. I folt suro that Kitty only meant to curry favor at home." Sho gave him a strange sudden look ; then paused with a meohanioal laugh. "You think, thon, "sho said, "that thoro are pooplo in my own county to whom that nows would be something to conciliate;. something— something to make them forgive ?" .1 "There aro people everywhere who would give much for such a story against a neighbor, Mrs. Bloncarrow." " It is sad that such a thing should bo." - Sho stopped again and looked at him onco more. " I nin going to surprise you vory much, Mr. Gormaine. You aro not like them, sol think I am going to givo you a great shook," sho'- said. ... Sho- had turned her faeo towards liim as sho spolco'; the two rod spots on lior chocks were liko fire, yofc her paleness was extreme; they .only seemed to mako this tho moro rcmaik- able. In tho momentary silonco tho door opened suddenly, and somo ono oamo in. In the sub dued light afforded by tho shaded lamp it was difficult to soo moro than that a dark figure had ontored tho room, and, crossing over to the further side, sat down against tho heavy our- tains that covered tho window. Mrs. Bloncar row mado tho slightest movement of conscious ness, not of surprise, at this interruption, which, indeed, scarcely was an interruption at all, being so instantaneous and so littlo remarked. She wont 011 — " You havo known mo-a long time ; you will form your own opinion of what I am going to tell you ; I will not excuse or explain. " " Mrs. Bloncarrow, I am not suro whothcr you have perceived that wo aro not alono." She cast a momontary glance at tho now comer, unnecccssnry, for sho was well nwaro of him, and of his attitudes, nnd every line of tho dark shadow bohind licr. He sat bending for ward, almost double, his elbows upon his knees, and his head upon his hands. . " It makos no difference," sho said, witii a slight impatience, " no differeuco. ' Mr. Ger- maiuo, I sent for you to toll you— that it was truo." " "What ?" he cried. He had scarcely been listening, all his attention being directed with constoruatiun, almost stupefaction, to tho ap pearance of tho man who had. como in— who sat there— who made no difference. Tho words did not strike him nt all for tlio fust moments, and then ho started and cried in his astonish ment, "What?" as if -sho had slflick him a blow. " Mrs. Blcncarrow looked at him fixedly and spoko slowly, being, indeed, forced to do so by a difficulty in enunciating tlio words. " Tlio story you linvo heard is trno."- Tito Vicar rpso from his chair in tho sudden shock and horror ; ho looked round him liko a man stupefied, taking in slowly tho whole scene. Tho woman was looking at him, gazing straight hoforo her, with thoso spots of red oxcitement on her checks, tho shadow of the man in thos background with face hiddon, unsurprised. Mr. Gcrmainc slowly received this astounding, in conceivable thought into his mind. " Good God ! " lie cried. " I make no— explanations — no— excuses. Tho fact is enough," she said. Tho fact was enough ; his mind rofascd to receive it, yet grasped it with the forco of a catastrophe. He Eat down helpless, without a word to sny, with a wave of his hands to express his impotence, his incapacity even to think in faco of a revelation so astounding nnd terriblo ; nnd for a full minnte thoro was complete silence; neither of the three moved or spoke. The calm ticking ot tho clock took up tho tale, as if tho room had been vacant— time going on indifferent to all tho downfalls and shame of humanity— with now and then a crackio from the glowing fire. Sho said at last, being tho first, 03 a woman usually is, to bo moved to impatience by tho deadly silence, " It was not only to tell you— hut to npk, what am I to do ? " " Mrs. Bloncarrow— I have not a word— I — it is incredible." ''Yes," sho said, with a faint smile, "but very truo." Sho repeated after anothor pause, " IVhat am I to do 1 " Sir. Gcrmaino had never in his lifo been called upon to faco such a question. His knowlcgo of moral problems concerned tho moro primitivo classes of humanity alone, where notion is moro obvious nnd tho difficulties less great. Nothing liko this could occur in a village. Ho sat and gazed at tho woman, who was not a mere victim of passion— a foolish woman who had taken a false step and now had to own to it— but a lady of blameless honor and rojmtation, proud, full of dignity, the head of a well known family, tho mother or children old enough to understand her downfall and shamo, with, so far as wo know, further penalties involved of leaving thorn and every habit of hor lifo, and following tho man, \- whoever ho was, into, whstsoovcr wildorness he might seek. Tho vicar folt that all the ordinary advico which ho would givo hi such a case was stopped upon his lips. Thoro was 110 parallel between what was involved here and anything that could occur among the country folk. Ho sat, feeling tho problem beyond him, and with out a word to soy. " I must toll you more," said Mrs. Blencar row. At hor high strain of excitement she was scarcely awaro that ho hesitated to reply, and not at all that ho war. so muoh bewildered as to bo beyond spcccb. Sho went on as if. sho had not paused at all. " A thing has happened — which must often happen — how can I toll you ? It has. been — not happy — for, either. We mis calculated— ourselves and all tilings. If I am wrong, I am— subject — to contradiction," sho said, suddenly stopping with a gasp as if for breath. Tho shades of tho drama grow darker and darker. Tlio spectators now listened with the uttermost. curiosity and interest; there was a silence which seemed to throb with suspeuso and excitement ; but tho figuro in tho background neither moved nor spoko — a largo motionless figure, doubled upon itself, the shaggy bead hold between the hands, the faco invisible) -tlio elbows on tho knees. ' You see ?" she said, with a faint movement of her hnnds, as though calling his attention to that silence. There was a painful flicker of a smilo about licr lips ; perhaps her prido, perhaps her heart desired oven at this moment a pro test. Sho went on again, "It is — as I say — yon will soo how this— complicates — all that ono thinks of — as duty. What am I to do ?" "Mrs. Bloncarrow," said the clergyman, then stopped with a painful sense that oven this name conhl bo no longer hers, a perception which sho divined, aud responded to with again a faint, misorablo smile. " What can I Bay to you?" ha burst , out. "I don't know tbo circumstances ; what you.toll mo isso littlo. If you are married a second lime — " Sho made a movement of assent with hor hand. "Then, of course, itis a commonplace — what else can I say? — your duty to your husband must como first ; it must come first. It is tho most primitivo, the most fundamental law." " What is . that duty ?" sho said, almoBt sharply, looking up, aud again tliore was a silence. The clergyman labored to spcalr, but what was ho to say ? The presence of that motion less figure in tho baokground made him dumb almost moro than every othor difficulty. "The first thing," he said, " hi ordinary oir- cumstnncea— Heaven knows X speak in darkness — would bo to own your position, at least, and set everything in its right place. Nature itself teaches," ho continued, growing bolder, "that it is impossible to go on living in a false position, acting, if not speaking, what can be nothiug but a lie."- "It is commonplnao, indeed," sho cried, bitterly ; " all that ; who should know it liko mo? But will you tell me," sho said, rising up and sitting down in licr excitement, " that it is my duty to leave my ohildren who want me, and all tho work of iny lifo which there is no ono else to do, for a 'Useless lite, pleasing no ono, needed by no one, a lifo without on object, or with a hopeless object, a duty I con novor fulfil ? To leavo my trust," sho wont on, coming forward to tho firo', loaning upon tho mantelpiece, and speaking with her faco Unshod and Iter voice raised in unconsoious eloquence, " tho offico I hava had for so many years— my children's guardiun, their steward, their care- takor ? Suppose even that I had not bcca their mother, is a woman bidden to do all that to make horseif uboIcss, to sacrifioo what sho can do as well as what' she is ?" Sho stopped, words failing ber, aad stood beforo him, a wonderful noblo figure, eloquont in evory movemont and gesture, in the maturity aud dignity of her middle ago ; then suddenly broko down altogether, and hiding hor face cried out, "Who am I to sponk so? Not young to be oxctised, not a fool to be forgiven; a woman asiiamod, and for no ond." " If you aro married," said tho Vicar, "it is no shamo to marry. It may bo inappropriate, unsuitable, it may bo even regrettable; hut it is not wrong. Bo not, at least, take a morbid view." She raised ' her drooping head, and turned round quickly upon him. "What am I to do?" she Baid. "What am I to do?" Tho Vicar's oyos stole, iu spite of lrimsolf, to the other Bide of tho room. Tho dark shadow there had not moved, the mim still sat with his head bent between Iris hands ; he gave uo evi dence that lie had heard a word of tbo discus sion, he put forth. no claim except by his pre sence there. " What can I say ?" said Mr. Gcrmainc. " Nothing but commonplace, nothing but what I have already said. Beforo everything it is your duty to put things on a right founda tion ; you cannot go on liko this. It must be painful to do, but it is tlioonly way." "Itis seldom," she said, "very seldom, that you are so precise." " Because," I10 said ficrcoly, "thoro io no doubt on the subject. 'It is as clear as noon day ; there is but 0110 thing to do. " Mrs. Bloncarrow said nothing ; sho stood with a still rcsistanco in her look — a woman whom nothing could overcome, broken down by circumstances, by trouble, ready to grasp at any expedient, yot unsubdued, and uncon vinced that sho could not strugglo against fate. " I can sny nothing else," tho Vicar repeated, " for tlroro is nothing olso to say ; and perhaps you would prefer that I should go. I can ho of no comfort to you, for thcro is nothing that can be done till this is done — not from my point of view. I can only urge this upon you ; 1 can say nothing different." . Again Mrs. Blencarrow mado no reply. Sho' stood so near him that he could seo tire heaving of strong passion in all her fraino, restrained with all iter jiowor of self-command, yot boyorrd that power to conceal. Perhaps sho could not speak; nt least she did not. Mr. Germaiuu sat between tho two, both silent, absorbed iu this all-engrossing question, till lie could bear it no longer. Hu ruso abruptly to his foot. "May God givo you tho power to do right !" ho said ; " I can do no moro." \- Mrs. Bloncarrow followed him to tho door. Sho opened it for lritn, nnd stood outsido on the threshold in the moonlight to sco him go. "At least," she said, "you will keep my secret; I may trust you with that." "1 will say nothing," he replied, "except to yourself ; but think of whist I hnvo said." "Think! If thinking would do any good." She gave him iter hand, iu till tiro veins of which tlio blood was courting liko a strong stream, and then sho closed tlio door behind him ami looked it. Buriug till this timo the man within had nevor stirred. AVould ho move V Would lie speak? Or could ho speak and more? When she went back (To be Continued.) 