OUR 'FRISCO LETTER, j (from our own correspondent'). San Francisco, March 8, 1889. San Franoisco has now come to be looked upon as the sporting hub of the U.S. pugilists, pedestrians, rowers, wrestlers, and all sorts are banking up here, and the aigna of the timea are -that we are going to have a lively summer both indoors and out. The king- pin of sport is pugilism. The California Athletic Club haa now a world wide fame, and San Franciaco is assuredly a land flowing, -with blood and purses. A few evenings ago (February 26) we had a very one-sided fight between Frank Glover, the Chicago pug, who went down before Joe M'Auli&e;, and Joe Choynski, a youngster just out of the amatenr ranks. Choynski did his man np in the most ap proved style in fourteen rounds, knooking him dead to the world . for an hour. The novice got a purse of 1500dol. for hia good showing. On the., same evening Ham Fitzpatrick, of Sydney, and Tom Ward, of Oregon, had a;ten-round go. It was called a draw; although there is little doubt that the Sydneyite made the best showing. On Wednesday evening next, March 13, Young Mitchell and Sailor Brown, a Boston bruiser, fight at the Golden Gate Club for 1500iol. Mitchell is the favourite, and should win in a canter. Next on the calendar is the lOOOlol. battle- between Jimmy Carroll and Sam Blakelock, Englieh light-weights. They fight at the California Athletic Club on March 19, and I think Blakelock will come out on top. If he does the club will match him against Jack M'Anliffa, the light-weight champion of America. On March 29, at the C.A.C. Town Mea'dows, the Sydnejite will face Paddy Dnffy, of BoBton, America's premier welter-weight, for lOOOdol. My choice is Meadows, and if it turns out that way you may expect to hear of Tom and On April 20, ' the tight' takes place at the California, between Peter Jaokson and PatBy Cardiff, of Minneapolis. Cardiff is expected here in a feW days. At a fare well benefit in Minneapolis, he said, ' I am aa confident of licking this man Jackson as I am of eating my breakfast.' I like to hear a man talk that way, but I think Patsy is rather premature. If he ap proaches the reporter's desk after the tenth round, and repeats the words quoted above, I will begin to think he Knows what, he's talking about. How ever, Patty ia a hard man, and a lushing fighter. It is said that he )'b the beet ducker in tbe country, and hard to land on. Of course you know that it was his hard pate that broke Sulli van's arm, so that the Australian champion will have to handle Patsy in a careful manner. To complete my tipa, however, I think that Peter will drop Mr. Cardiff without distressing himself, and thus attach another scalp to his Champion ship belt. Jackson will not do more than . about four weeks preparatory work for his go with Cardiff. That, he findB, brings him into tip-top condition, and with 'any longer period he goes stale. It is' pretty hard to guesa where Jackson's next battle will come from if he downs Paddy. Sullivan is on - a rip, roaring drank again, and Kilrain, under the advice of that cunning fakir, Charlie Mitchell, has made a kind of side arrangement to fight Jem Smith, the Englishman (another '.draw' for the World's* Championship) in October. The idea is as palpable aa the dayb'ght. If the Sullivan-Kilrain 'fight' drops through, there is the Smith-Kilrain affair as a stand-by, so- Jaokson is effectnally barred, for this year at least, from bidding for the World's The situation has its humorous side, as before Jacbtoa and M'Auliffe met, both ' Jchn L. and Kilrain stated openly and unreservedly that they would bar nothing 'black, white, green or yellow.' Circum stances do alter cases, don't they ? How ever, it is just probable that the chque of bluffers will not have things all their own way. Jackson, as I think I told you in iny last, will relax a bit, and go on tour if he defeats Cardiff; and when he retnrnB,to California and announces himself ready for work again, there will be backing, enongh behind him for 'a championship fight to make the heads of Sullivan and Kilrain swim. Back talk won't go. They will have to fight or forfeit their titles, and Peter will probably be Champion of America and Champion of the World by default. Not, as a little scattering pugilistic news, I might tell you that Johnny Regan, Paddy Gallagher and George La Blanche (all middle- weights) are coming to San FianciBco looking for gore. Le Blanohe nearly met his Waterloo the other evening at Denver, Colo., in a fight with Ed. Smith, who once bested Dick Mathews. The police stopped the mill in the Beoond '. round, when Le. Blanohe was getting the worBt of it. Jack Dempsey and^ Dominio M'Caffrey havo been kicking the Californian A. C. for a purse of SOOOdol., but the club would have none of it. Didn't look wholesome. Charlie Mitchell and Jem Smith are to box for the Champion ship of England. In addition they will goto the trouble of counting and dividing what ever gate money comes in. [ This fake has since fallen through. — Ed. Referee ] We have had a six-days go- as-you-please race here at M'Channi's Pavilion. It finished on February 27, and Frank Hart, the coloured walker won, making 525 miles 7 laps. Mooro,-. of Philadelphia, came second with 525 miles. This was the limit to entitle pedestrians to a share of the gate-money, and aa no one else covered it the two named divided 8000 dola. There is some talk of the 'go- as-you-pleasers ' yiBiting Australia. Bo ware of them. Fake ! fake ! fake ! at every step. Fake in the scores ! Fake in - the pool-selling ! Fake in tho manage ment I . Don't have any six-days raoes in yours. , ? ' . The boat-raoe between W. O'Connor and , Jake Gaudaur, for 2000 dols. and the oham- ; pionahip of Amerioa, took place aorosB the ^ bay at Alameda on Sunday last, Marqh 8. ' The water was rough, and neither man cared much about starting. ' However,', tho referee said 'Gtf,' and tbey went. Gaudaur pulled up! after going half a mile. Hia ? shell was taking in water and he had not a ghost of a show of winning, as O'Connor had about ten' lengths leaid. O'Connor went it alone, 1 and made the distance in 19min. 45aeo. The oourse did not measure more tha a 2J miles, as tho oreek was partly ob-' Btruoted by dredging apparatus. San Frau-i oilcans were,diBgusted with the result of, the race, calling it a hippodrome, but I think. O'Connor is a square .man, and as far as he was concerned noted honestly in th - matter. Gaudaur lit out for his home ia St. Louis next day. I don't thinfc O Connor will go to Sydney by the Mariposa to morrow, as he originally intended. Rogers, of Toronto, his ohief baoker, is averse to hia [ going, and wanta Billy to wait arid row Searlo either in England or Amerioa during the coming summer (your winter). You know beBt whether Searle has inten sion 'of visiting, either of the countries natued. Tom Lees, the Melbourne fighter, arrived here from the East, to-day. I have not seen him yet, but I hear ho is going to Sydney to-morrow. He may, howdver, wait over and try &ad; get a fight hero. % Savqston, 