TSse London and North* Western Halfway Com pany Victimised, A Cations Case* [JTrom our Special Correspondent,] London. Anril 12. 1RS0 City people, more particularly solicitors and stockbrokers, are deeply interested just now in the unravelling of a clever frand which has, It 1b said, victimised the London and North-Western Railway to the extent of nearly £15,000. • The solicitors to this great company are cube, clever men, bat they have met their match in a gentleman of the name of Barton, who, despite being an absconding forger, has man aged to keep English detectives at bay In New York for nearly two years. This worthy Is at last on his way home under an extradition warrant, and-In a few days will be the central figure In a great criminal trial. The circumstances Which have led Mr. Ear ton to this lamentable pass are detailed by the New Yotk Herald as follows:— A Mrv Samuel Barton held £13,000 of Stock in rite London and - Norths Western Railway Company. This amount repre sented many years of IndUstrydnd frugal living, sand In investing his-savings Mr. Barton displayed the foresight and prudence that had characterised'his life's labors. Besides fcbismoneyhehad£6,000 invested in North Stafford railway stock, and about £20,000 in Sctnde, Pnnjaub, and Delhi stock. Altogether he was worth about £40,000; and When he died in 1870 he left-this money 'to his widow and stepson as executors upon certain trusts. The stepson had a great Idea of the value of money; indeed so great was his Idea that It led hitn to covet the whole sum left to him and his stepmother jointly; and oncs this ambition;fairly took posses sion of him he commenced to devise ways and meansto&edUre; it to himself. It Was this unconquerable rapacity that led to all the trouble here and in America, and that has placed Mr. Barton, jon., in such an invidious position. Mr. Barton commenced to put his plan of aggrandisement into operation in 1874. In that year the London and North western Company began to receive trans fers, and at intervals for 11 years they re ceived them. They came in in the usual way; they were perfectly regular, and there was nothing about them to suggest suspicion for a moment. In 1886 the widow wrote asking how much stock there then stood in the joint names of herself and stepson, and when she received the reply that only £500 remained of the £13,000, she was justly indignant, and went Imme diately to consult her lawyer. As the result of that conference, or almost Imme diately after it, the last transfer of all went to the company, and a few days later the widow went to the office at Euston and made the Btartllng statement that all the transfers Were forgeries. Examina tion proved that they were properly signed In the names of the widow, the stepson, and Mr. William Broadhurst as attesting witness. When the documents were produced the reliot of Samuel Barton vehemently protested that her name had been uniformly forged In every instance. She was very • properly attended In this Interview by her solicitor, and It may be presumed that gentleman had delivered to her every necessary caution that a long professional "experience suggested. The transfer'of the last £600 had been executed In his office, bat the circum stance for the moment seemed to have escaped her treacherous memory, for when shown this document in the soli citor's office at EuBton she unhesitatingly and emphatically declared, as She had done right through the transfers of the II yearn, that It was a forgery. "But," promptly corrected her legal adviser, "yon signed that document In my office last week in my presence. That cannot ba a forgery." Close scrutiny revealed the fact that the signatures to this document in every Important respect corresponded with the Bignatnres to the other transfers. The solicitors to the London and North western Company had become alive to the fact that they had been imposed npon by somebody, and they redoubled their exertions to probe the matter to the bottom. Farther enquiries elicited the fact that the whole of the stock in the North Stafford Company had been trans ferred. Bat this did not help them much. It only tended to farther compli cate matters. Then diligent search was made for the stepson. Bat, he naturally anticipating that some unusual anxiety would be felt as to his whereabouts, and detesting pub licity, had taken the precautionary Steps to crosB the Atlantic and to locate himself in America. There he lay .perdu. The services of two English detectives from Scotland-yard were engaged, and thoy proceeded to the United States, armed with authority, primed with particu lars, flash with ready cash, and an unlimited scope of aotlon before them. They had not a, ghost of an idea where Barton was likely to be In America; all that they did know was that when he left England he had not a penny in his pocket, that -he had lived ft gay and voluptuous life forsome years, and Spent the money he had obtained by means of the transfers, and that his move ments would be considerably hampered by the attenuated state of his pocket. With these facts the detectives set out, and their perseverance and intelligence were rewarded after several months by a lucky coup which placed Barton within their graBp, and once there the detectives did not relax their grasp. Bat it was one thing to find Barton, and another to get him transported to this country. There were many diffi culties raised by the new extradition arrangements to be overcome before that could be done. Meanwhile the widow had brought a Chancery action against the North Stafford Railway Company, and Mr. Justice Kay decided in favor of the lady and against the defendant com pany. Thus encouraged, Mrs. Barton brought an action against the London and North-Western Company, bat the resnlt of the other trial put the company's solicitors Upon the qui Vive, and they made application to have the case re moved to the common law side, to be tried by a jury, nnd In this step they Were'successful. The difficulties experienced in getting extradition proceedings carried through were In connection with the diplomatic services in the two countries. The American people held one view, and the English people as tenaciously clung to another. This state of things provided Barcon with a chance to raise further difficulties, and possibly afforded him a loophole of escape altogether. He was a man who had his wits about him, and he possessed a great deal of intuitive and "pugnacious ability." When he was eventually committedforextraditionby the United States Commissioner he appealed to a court above and from there to a tribunal equal to a Divisional Court in England. The glorious nocertanties of the law were admirably illustrated in the declaions of these several courts, each court reversing the judgment of the tribunal below. The Divisional Court confirmed the order, and Barton, deter mined to lose no possible chance,'appealed to the Supreme Court at Washington; but his hopes were not realised here. From the time the English detectives made Barton's acquaintance an unlucky fate had pursued him with remorseless energy. Be lost his last opportunity. The judges of the highest court In the United States decided against him, and the warrant for-his extradition was made out. The action of Mrs Barton against the London and North-WeriietU Company Was set down for hearing one day last week In the High Courts. The same morning, and just aB the case was being "called," the solicitors to the London and North-Western Company received the . information they had bean anxiously looking for for months — "Extradition warrant granted; we leave for England In a few days." The news created the greater impression becanse it had been fo long delayed that it had almost ceased to be expected, and because of the happy juncture of time and circumstance at which It arrived Of course an adjournment was applied for, and of course it was instantly granted. The case assumes quite a new com plexion now. The civil proceedings will be stayed, and when the criminal proceed ings for forgery are commenced several novel and interesting points will be raised. The primary question will be :— Did Barton forge the widow's name ? and if so—and thiB is the point that will affect the railway company—can one executor sell personal estate, and give a valid receipt for the purchase-money ? Brokers in the city are watching the proceedings with intense interest. If the point of law goeB against the company, who among them will be able to transact his business with confidence 9 The immediate'question to be disposed of at Bow-street is—Did Mr. Barton forge the name of his mother and the attesting witness, William Broad hurst? If he did not, what are the circumstances under which Mrs. Barton wrote her name, and what has conduced to the extraordinary lapse of memory. 