THE TBBEE HANDICAPS. (By ' Eaelt Bibd.') THE SUUUEB COP. Scarcely one meeting passes over before another treads closely on its heels. We have but a few weeks ago pnt through the Metropolitan Meeting in Sydney, and then come orders to pack up and set to Catil fleld. The dust had not laid before the portals of the great Flemington were thrown open, and Mr. Byron Moore, with outstretohed arms, weloomed his friends to assist in bringing off the Melbourne Cup carnival. The wear and tear on men and horses has of necessity been very severe, and it is absolutely necessary for both to take a spell. But it mnst needs be a very short one, as the Australian Jockey Club has issued the weights for the Summer Cup, to be inn on Boxing Day, December -U, and those horses'whion have already been got up to a high pitch will have very little time to be letdown and got oherry-ripe during the interval. Two days later, the 28th, will be respon sible for the first day of popular Tatter sall'B Meeting on the same course, when the Catrington Stakes will be witnessed, and four days further is advance (New Year's Say) will decide Tattersall's Cup. While we are busy on this side of the border our neighbours in Yiotoria will also be fighting the battle over again, so that both oolonies will be well provided with sport during the ChriBtmos and New Year's festive season, The list of com petitors in the Summer Cup com prises no less than seventy-seven, ' but it is not my intention to wade through the chances of the lot, as by far the majority do not appear to have the remotest show of annoxing the prize. Not that Mr Scarr has put them out of court with crushing weights,, for he has not done so, but for the simple fact that they do not appear to bo class enough. Melos, with Oat 01b, heads the list, an impoBt which he has earned, and should he come to the post fit and well he must gire a good account of himself. Something, however, tellB mo he will be reserved for Tattercall's Cup, bat I may be mistaken. ?Arsenal haB his full weight with 21b 'ess, mid would read r^ry much bettor v.ith a half stone off. He is nevertheless a gcod horPc, and the old bull-dog must be smongstthe first flight. Manton I never did oare muoh about, and as hi- h'as a ' leg'' and ia now a re sidiEtof Yictoria, he had better be left alone until the Southernors.make a move. Cardigan, if his running at Flomington -£ coriect, has quite as much aa he ia entitled loin O.-t. No reliance, however, can be placed on those perform races, and as he won tbis race last year with exaotly the t came weight it might so happen that he will repeat the dose. At any rate he must be dangerous. Ant.dub, with 8at 81b, seems to bo an in and outer. Rudolph I have a great regard for whon cut on his own hook, and there are more unlikely thioes possible than that the sou of Martini-Henry's name being written down as the winner. Sinixup.e is an angular joker, but a dengerons cno if he be the elect of tho bluu and white banner. Old To^i Brown ia in work ag»in, and I have it on gotd authority that he is bowling along io grand style. With 8;t 21b ELi.nr.DALa has nothing to bo bfraid oi ; and Jack, oa the same mirk, has so often surprised us that it will not be considered a miracle were ho to win. Steel Aeuow, with 8it 71b, lash Satur day at Warwick Farm cut up a duffer iu a field cf ieiser pretersions than this, and ch those grounds I will throw him out. Should Fernando, the colt that is carrying everything before him in the North, make bis appearance, 7st 121b can scarcely stop him. Bernardo, with 7at 101b, has never demonstrated hi3 ability to get the distance, and why he should be upamongBt such talent as Fernando aud others is a poser I cannot answer. If he starts he will do his best no doubt, bnt I think he has not the ghost of a show. At present he is very much on the big side, and will require a deal of hustling along to be got in nick. Moscow will doubtless show to better advantage than he did when he lagged in the rear at Rosehill a few days back. Lxichhakdt isnotout of it with 7st 101b, nor is Eetort with 21b less. Nothing iB doing half bo well at Rand wick as Lava, and if she cannot carry 7st Gib then I am much mistaken. I hear that .the stable was not pleased at her receiving th-* weight she has. What they want it is difficult to imagine. Theyhavo a mortgage on all classical and weight-for-age events, which should satisfy . them. If Lava starts I think she ought to win. . Minstrel Boy is a half-brother to MeloB, but is slow in getting off the mark j but as the distance is a fairly long one he will have plenty of time to get going, and whatever he gets alongside at the finish - will have to keep moving if it gets ont of his way. . Novice is a better mare than many . suppose. tiAuoND Has been let m tamy well witn . 7st 41b, and on ;his jjresious; iuam3£j .zau3t^ ^ljaTO_B great ihdw-.--' ? «r^~— T Grandlike is an erratic customer that can gallop when ho takes it into his head, and, what is more, can get tho distance. ? Vespasia has a privato name equal to anything in the land, and should sheimko a mistake in public, she might just take the race from end to end. Pallet premised to be a goo3 horse, and as he has not been overtaxed should strip pretty well. Mat Queen has been fairly flunsr into the banaicap at Git 101b, and will beat more than beat her. Bonnie SrEc is well handled, and by the day should be as fit as hands can make her. Faith has been on the Bhelf for a long time. The little grey ran so well when in the hands of Mr. J. Phillips that she should be worth consideration if Bhe reaches the poBt dressed in her best. I have a great partiality for Pretty Kate, which is 'backed up with a know ledge that there will be no hanky-panky. If she can win she must, and for au onteide show iB well worth support. She has been running vory consistently and well, and always comes at tho right end. Rihoeove and Lindsay aro well in, and of tho remainder I like Harmony and Ganymede. To select halE-a-dozeu from which tbe winner may come (with a start) X will take Melos Budolph Fernando Lava Minsteil Boy Pbetty Kate. Next week I will doal with the Carring ton Stakes and TattersalU' Cup, 