LEGENDS ABOUT TREES, TnEEs, in the earlier stages of society, have uniformly been the fertile subjects of poetical and mythological allusion. Many of the prettiest legends of heathen an tiquity, as vell -as of our Christian pro genitors relate to trees-; while poets in all countries and ages have borrowed from them tliitir most brilliant\imnges and com parisons. Some of these varied allusions, gleaned from various quiarters, we have here-set doin, in the belief that they will be inteiresting to our redders. We begin with the apple- tree, so singu larly connected with the first transgression and fall of man, and distinguished alike in the mythologies of the Greeks, Scandi navians, and Druids. The gotlen .fruits of the lIesperides, which it was one of the labours of IIercules to procure in spite of the sleepless dragon which guarded them, were believed by the pagans to be apples. Hercules was worshipped by the Thebans under the name of Melius (from the Greek 161lon, an apple), and apples were offered at his altars. In the Scandinavian Edda we are told that the goddess Iduna had the care of apples which liad the power of conferring immortality, and which were consequently reserved for the gods, who ale of them when they began to feel them selves growing old. The evil spirit, Loke, took away Idun and lier apple-tree and hid them In a forest, where they could not be found by the gods. In consequence of this malicious theft everything went wrong in the world. The gods became old and infirm, and, enfeebled both in body and mind, no longer paid the same attention to the affairs of the earth, and men, having no one to look after them, fell into evil courses and became the prey of the evil spirit. At length the gods, finding matters get worse and worse every day, roused their last remains of vigour, and combining together, forced Loke to restore the tree. Tihe Druids paid particular reverence to the apple-tree because the 'misletoe was supposed to grow only on it and the oak, and also on account of the usefulness of its Fruit. In consequence of this feeling, the apple was cultivated in Britain from the aarliest age of which we lhave any record, and Ghtstonbury was called the apple archard, from the quantity of apples grown there, previous to the time of the Rtomans. Many old rites and ceremonies are therefore aonnected with this tree, some of which are practised in the orchard districts even at the present day. The wassail bowl, drunk on All Hallow E'en, Twelfth Day Eve, Christmas Eve, and an other festivals of the Church, was com pounded of ale, sugar, nutmeg, and roasted tpples, which every person partook of, each taking ostt an apple with a spoon and then Irinking out of the bowl. The custom of bobbing for apples on All Hallow E en, and an All Saints' theay, which was formerly :ommon over all England, is still prac tised in some parts of Ireland. A kiid af hanging-beam, which was continually turning, was suspended from the roof of the room, and an apple placed at one end mnd a lighted candle at the other. The parties having their hands tied behind tlem snd trying to catch the apples with their mouths, frequently caught the candle instead. In Warweckshire apples are tied to a string and caught at in tile sanle uman ier; but the lighted candle is omnitted, and i tihe same countycltildlren roast apples on I string on Christmas Eve; the first who :an catch an apple when it drops from the string getting it. In Scotland apples are put into a tub of water and thenbobbedfor itllh the mouth. Tihe oak appears early to have been an abject of worship among tile Celts and sncient Britons. Under the form of this tree the Celts worshipped their god Baal, the Celtic god of lfire, whose festival (that of Yule) was kept at Christmas, was also wrorshipped under tihe senmllance of an oak. The Druids professed to maiainin perpetual hire, - and once every year all the fires belonging to the people were extinguished and re-lighted from the sacred lire of their priests. This was the origin of the Yule log, with which, even so lately as the middle of last century the Christmas fire in someie parts of the country was always kindled, a fresh log being thrown on and lighted, but taken off before it was consumed, and reserved to kindle the Christmas fire of tihe followming ny.. Th v,,lin lop; .ns nlswavs of oak, and as the ancient Britons believed that it was essential for their hearth-fires to be renewed every year from the sacred fire of the Druids, so -their descendants thought that some misfortune would befall them if any accident happened to the Yule log. T?he worship of the Druids was generally performed under an oak, and a heap of stones or cain was erected on which the saered fire was kindled. Before the cere mony of gathering the mistletoe the Druids fasted for several days and offered sacrifices in wicker baskets or frames, which, how ever, were not of willow, but of oak twigs curiously interwoven, and were similar to that still carried by Jack-in-tlte- green on Ilay-day, which, according to some, is a relie of Druidism. The well- known chorus of " Hey, derry down," according to Pro fessor Burnet, was a Druidic chant, signi fyitg literally, "In a circle the oak move around." Criminals were tried under an oak tree, the judge with the jury being seated under its shade, and tile culprit placed in a circle made by the chief Druid's wand. The Saxons also held their national meetings under an oak ; and the celebrated conference between the Saxons and the Britons after the invasion of the former was held under the oaks of Dartmoor. The mistletoe, particularly that which grows on the oak, was held in great vene rction by the Britons. At the beginning of their year, the Druids went in solemn pro cession into the forests, and raised a grass altar at the foot of the finest oak, on which they inscribed the names of those gods whichv were considered as themost powerful. After ttlis the chief Druid, clad in a white garment.ascended tile tree, and cropped tie mistletoe with a consecrated golden prun ing-hookl, tlhe otler Druids recaivin, it in a pure wlhito cloth, which they held beneatlC thie tree. Tie mistletoe was tihen dipped in wrlater by the principal Druid, and:distri buted anmong tihe people, as a preseivative againsi t witchcraft and deseases.: If any puLrt of tihe plant touched tihe ground, itwes - considlercd to be the omen of some dreadful misfortune w-lich was about to fall iupon thce liind. The ceremony was always per formed wmhen the moon was six days old, and two whlite bulls were sacrificed at the conclusion. - In Scandinavian mythology, Loke, the evil spirit, is said to hlave made thie arrow with wrhilch he wounded Balder (1Apollo), tile son of Friga (Venus), of mistletoe branches. Balder was charmed against injury from everytlhing which sprang from fire, earth, air, and water; but the mistletoe, springing from neither, was found to be fatal, and Balder was not re stored to tile world till by a genieral effort of tlhe other gods. The magical properties of the mistletoe are mentioned both by Virgil and Ovid. In thlce dark ages asimilar belief prevailed; and even to tihe present day the peasants of HIolstein, andti some other countries, call tle mistletoe the "spectre's wand," from tle supposition, that holding a branch of mistletoe will not only enable a man to see ghosts, but to force them to speak to hiim. The custom of kissing under the mistletoe at Christmas has been handed down to us by our Saxon ancestors, who, on thle restoration of Balder, dedicated the plant to their Venus (Friga), to place it entirely under her control, and to prevent it from being again used against her as an instrument of mischief. In the feudal ages it was gathered with great solemnity on Christmas eve, and hung upin thie great hall with loud shouts and re joicing. TRie holly, like some other evergreens, hls longbeen used at Christmas for ornamenting churches and dwelling-louses. It appears to lhaver been first made use of for tilns pur pose by the early Christians at Rome, and was probably adopted for decorating the clhurcles at Christmas, because holly was used in thie great festival of the Saturnalia, which occurred about that period.. It was customary among tie Romans to send boughs ot holly, during the Saturnalia, as emblematical of good wishes, with thie gifts tlhey presented to their friends at that season; and thie hIolly came thus to be con sidered as an emblem of peace and good will. The ivy was dedicated by lthe ancients to Bacchus, whose statues are generally found crowned withll a wreath of its leaves, and as the favourite plant of the god of wine its praises have been sung by almost all poets, Swlether ancient or modern. IMany reasons lhave been given for the consecration to Bacchus of this plant. Some poetse say that it was because thie ivy has theseffect of d iloopatifg tlc fuomes of wine; othlers,; ,ecause it was once his favourite youth, Cissus; and others, because it is said that the ivy, if planted in vineyards, will destroy the vines, and that it was thus doing an acceptable service to that plant to tear it up and wreath it into chaplets and I garlands. The most probable, however, I seems to be that the ivy is found at Nyssa, c the reputed birthplace of Dacehus, and in no other part of India. ,Tle aricient Greek c priests presented a wretith of ivy to newly- It married persons as a symbol of the closeness t of the tie which ought to bind them t together, and Ptolemy Philopater, king of 'v Egypt, ordered all the Jews -who would c abjure their religion and attach themselves t to the superstitions of his country, to be branded with an ivy leaf. The ivy is r symbolical of friendship, from tihe closeness I of its adherence to the trees on whiceh it c has once fixed itself; hence, also, it has become a favourite device for seals, some of the best of which are a sprig of ivy with r the motto, "I die where I attach myself," I and a fallen tree covered with ivy, with a the words, "Even ruin cannot separate us." a Ivy is the badge of the Clan Gordon. e Tihe jasmine is no less celebrated for the t delicacy of its odour and flowers tlhan for the pretty love legend connected with its European history. The custom which pre vails in some countries of brides wearing c jasmine flowers in their hair, is said to have arisin fromt the following cirenm- I stance:-A grand dulke of Tuscany had, in s 1609, a plant of the deliciously-scented jas mine of Goa, wiich lie was so careful of, : that lie would no sufferit to be propagated. e lIis gardener, Iowever, being in love with t a peasant girl in the neighbourhood, gave v her a sprig of this choice plant on hers birthday; and lie having taught her how to r malke cuttings, she planted the sprig as a d memorial of Iis affection. It grew rapidly, s and every one who saw it, admiring its p beauty and sweetness, wished to have a plant of it. These the girl supplied fhom a cuttings, and sold them so well, as to obtain b enough of money to enable her to marry ii her lover. Tihe young girls of Tuscany, in c remembrance of this adventure, always Is deck themselves on their wedding-day withi a nosegay of jasmine; and they have a r proverb, ' that site who is worthy to wear Ii a nosegay of jasnine, is as good as a for- v tune to her husband." Tihe myrtle was an especial favourite o among the ancients, by whom it was held 1e sacred to Venus. Tie name is said to have h been taken from that of llyrsine, an Athenian maiden, a favourite of Minerva, who, suffer- e ing love to overpower her wisdom, was clanged into a myrtle by her offended mis- t] tress, and taken pity on by Venus. Others say that Venus, when she first sprang fromnt a the bosom of the sea, had a wreath of p myrtle round her head. The temples of this goddess were alwvays surrounded by c groves of myrtle; and in Greece se was adored under the name of Myrtilla. Pliny g says that the Romans and Sablines, when i tlhey were reconciled, laid down their arms under a myrtle tree and purified themselves t with its boughs. Wreaths of myrtle were v the symbols of autshority w?orns by the s Athenian magistrates, and sprigs of it were s entwined with the laurel wreaths worn by u those conquerors, during their tritunphs, who lhad gained avictory without bloodshed. ii The rose has been a favouriloe subject e with tlhe poets in all countries and in all t ages, and in mythological allusions it is equally fertile. It was dedicated by the e Greeks to Aurora as an emblem of youth ii fromn its freshness and reviving fragrance; v and to Cupid as an embllem of fugacity and danger from the fleeting nature of its f charms and the wounds inflicted by its thorns. It was given by Cupid to IIalpo- n crates, the god of silence, as a 1bribe to J prevent him from betraying tihe amors of il Venus; hence it was adopted as a symnbolical of silence. The rose was for this reason t frequently setilptured on the ceilings of s drinlking and feasting rooms as a warning ' to guests that what was said in moments of conviviality should not be repeated; from which what was intended to be kept i secret was said to be told " under the rose." The Greek poets say that the rose was E originally white, but that it was changed to redl-according to some, fromt the blood a of Venus, who lacerated lher feet with its tlhorns when rushing to the aid of Adonis, c and according to others, from the blood of Adonis hlimself. The fragrance of the rose is said by the poets to be derived from a 1' cup of nectar thrown over it by Cupid, and a t?1 Lto, to e aV ' she bit'ts? of the btow1, ibll wvhich the are of his bow was strung, i Another fable relating to the birth of the c rose 'is, that Flora, having found the dead I body of one of herfavourite nymphs,whose beauty could only be equalled by her virtue, t implored the assistance of all the gods and goddesses to aid her in clhanging it into a flower which allothers should acknowledge 1 to be their queen. Apollo lent the vivifying c power of hIis beams, Bacchus bathed it in nectar, Vertumnus gave its perfume, Po mona its fruit, and Flora herself its diadem t of flowers. A beetle is often represented on n antique gems as expiring surrounded iby roses, and this is supposed to be an embleml of a man enervated-by luxury-tnhe beetle being said to have such an antipathy to roses that the smell aof them will cause its death. Among the Romans the rose was an especial favourite. They garnished their dishes with it, wore garlands of it at their I feasts, strewed their banqueting apartments with its leaves, and their ladies used rose- I water as a perfume. Througlout tlhe East it was still more extensively celebrated ; the 1 poetical allusions and legends relating to tihe rose being numerous enough to fill an ordinary volume. That wltiell represents tihe nightingale as singing for its love, is t perhaps tihe prettiest, and has given rise to some of the most exquisite verses both in our own and in the Persian language. Thes origin of the fable is thus told in the Lanpuage of Flowers:-" In a curious frag ment by the celebrated poet, Attar, entitled Bulbul e almehl-the Book of the Nightin- I gale-all the birds appear before Solomon, and charge the nightingale withl distutrbing their rest, by the broken and llasintive strains whichl he warbles forth all tihe nighit in a sort of phlrensy and intoxication. The I nighltingale is summoned, questioned, and acquitted by the wise king, becausse the bird assures hlim that his vehuliemeunt love for the rose drives him to distractidn, and causes hlim to breakl forth into lthose passionate t and touching complaints'vliichl are laid to his char e." The Persians also assert that "the nig tingallisispring fluttersround the I rose bushes, uttengrin icessant complaints, I till, overpowered by the strong scent, he I drops tupified on te ground." The Catholic Chlurch hlss also added con siderably to the legendary hlistory of the I rose. A golden rose avs considered so honourable a present, that hione but crowned heads Wvere thought worthly cither I to give orto receive.it: Roses of this kind were sometimes consecrated by the Popes I on Good Friday, iind given to suchn poten tates as it was their partlicular interest or 1 wishl to load with favours; the flower itself i being an emblem of the mnortlslity of the body, and the gold of wldich it was com posed, of the immortality of the soul. Tie custom of blessing the rose is still preserved in Rome, and the day on whichl the cere mony is performed is called "Dominica in Riosal." The rose was always considlered as I a mystical emblem of the Catholic Chlurch, and enters into the composition of most of I their ecclesiastical ornaments. As a symbol of beauty and innocence, it was customary, in some countries, to award a crown of I roses to the girl who ahouled be acklnow ledged by all the competitors to be thie most amiable, modest, and ldutiful in their native village-a custom whlich, till lately, was annually performed in some districts of France. In tie middle ages, the knighltsat a tournamuent wore a rose emnbroidered on their sleeves, as an emblem that gentleness should accompany courage, and that beauty was the reward of valour. About this period, the rose was considlered so precious s France, thlat in several parts of the country none but the rich and powerful were allowed to cultivate it; but in later times we find it mentioned among tie rights of manoers, that their owuers were em plowered to levy a tax, or tribute, on their tenants, of so many bushels of roses, whichl were used not only for mnaking rose-water, but for covering the tables wifh, instead of napkins. The French parliament hlad for merly a day of ceremony, called "Baillcoe de Roses," because great quantities of roses were then presented. How many a man, by throwing himself to the ground in despair, creslhes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hope that Were ready to spring up ansd gltddep all isis palhweey. IN Persia, wihen a man is convicted of robbery, they liflt hlim in a' brick tankc by the roadside, pour plaster of parlis arosutd him till' le is suffocated; and leave'l hlim standing thero hlermetically sealed up as a warning toall whoie pass that way.'. 