THE FASCINATING BOOK AGENT. She was a pretty woman, and she bowed tome be.vitchiritfly as ehe came in. She held up one fitter archly, and said, im petuously — ' Now, sir, 1 want you to stop your writing and look at my book.' Then she blushed charmingly, as if embarrassed at my look of amazement. I said — ' My dear madam, I am busy to-day, and I beg you will excuse me.' She sat down be side me and made herself comfortable at once. 'Now, don't let me hear another word about that ; you are going to buy a book, of course.' ' But, my dear ? ' She took my hands gently but firmly in hers. ' I know — you are a busy man — you write all day and are too tired to read — you hardly find time to look at the paper — you ? ' ' Yes, madam ; that's precisely the case.' She chucked me deliberately under the chin. ?' Do yo mean to say that you are going to refuse me a miserable little dollar for this beautiful book?' I gasped feebly and glared at my office boy. He was evidently interested, i said — ' You must be a successful book agent ; you have the moBt fetching qualities I have ever seen.' Bash words ! She rose at once, and, sitting down upon the arm of my chair, threw one arm round my neck, and bending down looked tenderly into my eyes. ' Now, you know, darling, you are going to do just what I say ; you are going to buy ? ' I heard my office boy chuckle to himself. I protested. I said — ' My dear madam, this is really — embarrassing — do you know — I am a married man — that I ? ' She replied — 'I have nothing to do with that; I am here for business.' I replied — 'That statement is unnecessary; the fact is quite apparent. But 1 am really fond of my wife. You've got hrdd of the wrong man.' She seemed a trifle hurt at this, but ehe did not take her arm from my neck. She remained in this compromising at titude apparently lost in thought. I broke into a cold sweat. ' I'll tell you what I'll do,' ehe said, suddenly, bringing her face danger ously near my own ; 'if you'll take a copy of that book I'll promise not to kiss you before I leave the office !' I bought the book. — American paper. Pope said that it is with our opinions as with our watches, none of them go alike, and yet each man believes in his own. Some few years ago Benjamin Webster, the actor, was laid out for dead. His doctor and two of his intimates were with him, Bays the Theatre, at what they con sidered his last moments. ' It is all over now,' said the doctor as he covered the corpse with a sheet. What followed had better be told in Mr. Webster's own words :— ' Well, 6ir, I felt a queer suffoca ting sensation ; something was over my face. I snatched away the sheet, for such it was. I was alone. But there was a light in the room. So I got out of bed, put on my dressing-gown and slippers, and went down into the parlor. There, sir, eat my friends, drinking whisky and water — my whisky, sir — and saying, ' Well, poor old Ben's gone at last !' ' Am I ?' said I, You may guess what a turn the fellows had ! But I was not going to let off the doctor. We guessed he hadn't gone far. 1 dressed quickly; and, true enough, we found him at a neighboring pothouse, sitting with his back to the door and eating tripe and onions, sir, with a gin bottle by his side, quite comfortable. * A pretty fellow you are to Bend me out of the world before my time !' I shouted. You should have seen him ! He started up as if he were shot. We all thought he was going off in a fit then and there. He took me for a ghost ! I don't think he'll send people into their graves in a hurry again !' Cardinal Granville once said to Philip II.. the son and successor of Charles V., *? It is just a year since your father abdi cated hie throne.' ' Yes I' replied the new sovereign, and it is just a year since he began to be sorry he did so.' Hoixoway's Pills and Ointment. — Catarrhs, Coughs, and Quinseys. — Diseases of the throat and chest are the bane of our lives in this treacherous and variable climate ; neglected or injudiciously treated at their onset, serious consequences often eneue. Now nothing relieves them so quickly, or so certainly cures them as these most potent remedies. Whatever the con dition of the patient, Hollo way 'e remedies, will restore, if recovery be possible; they will retard the alarming symptoms till the blood is purified and nature consummates the cure, gradually restoring strength and vital nervous power. By persevering in the use of Holloway's preparation's, tone is con ferred on the stomach and frame generally. Thousands of persons have testified that by the use of these remedies alone they have been restored to health after every other means had failed. ? 