Why They Murder. . 5 is Honor Dr. Macgregor, Governor of New Guinea, in one of- hie letters to the Governor of Queensland, refers a4^ considerable length to the receift attacks by Milne Bay natives on the schooner Star, of Peace, and the resultant murder of Captain -Anceil. The doctor's account of the motives';fur nished by natives for the murders is exquisitely simple in its language, and unmistakably direct in its interference. His Honor says :—"One said it was perpetrated because a native taken to Queens land as a laborer had died there. Another stattd that it was because the preaching of ti e mission brought evil on the land, and others assert it was merely to obtain plunder. There is very little douWb that the Inst reason was the one that lay at the .bottom ofthe conspiracy,- and with it was .coupled the - belief y jbat they could easily escape punishment." ~ :« It is'cold comfort; enough, yet there is comfort in .the last words quoted* jboth to-the friends of South Sea., pioneers muiderecT "in- the past, and to those interested in livingtraders among the islanders. it is at least something that the Governor of New Guinea should ptibli.cly recognise that the natives there hold a fixed belief that Wey can easily e cape pjuxiishment forjnurdere. How «ell founded is that belief, let the ghosts of murdered white tiaders testify. 'It has - become ' a farcical mimicry" for \- Britishmen-o'-war'V esbels to go round and avenge cold-blooded atrocities by " taking it out of "a few cocpaijut trees, and the hideous jeer' of the savage has grown wider and -wider at each'repetition of- the pantomime, until a British trader's life has hardly the value assigned ■ to a pig's. On the other hand, our traders, -fighting for their lives as were the poor Hopefara crew,)iave had to answer at a stern, and bloodthirsty bar for all their accidents, and thus tragedy has been . duplicated always on the white man V side, acd- the scourge of blood has-been double-knotted for hijnalone. Knowing ±he evil, be it Br. Macgregor'«s task to make.clear to the Papuan intellect theiact that no savage can escape the con sequences of -murder merely because of the color cof his Bkin. wholesome-grip of this fact .will do more to develop trade,. with New Guinea than any other one cause-alone. 