THE fimirgh dp ghbtsit to the editor op the age. SIR, — I have read with some surprise and much pain a lotter under the above heading in your issue of the 27th April from the pen of an anonymous correspondent adopting the nam de plume of ' ' Christian. " Who " Christian " may bo I caro nothing, but assuming that he has some claim to the title he aJnnt. T fnlr. If f- granted that lie is prepared to substantiate his grave and, to my mind, slanderous statements by uniinpoaohablo proofs. I may point out that this obligation is all tho inorc incumbent upon him sinco ho deliberately affirms, " I am stating no hearsay ovidenco, but givo the result of my own inves tigation." How, passing over your correspon dent's confusion . of idoas as to tho church ho assails arrogating to itself a namo which it simply claims to wear in common with all the followorB of Christ, and his not creditablo in sinuations as to other cli&igcs; which he does not particularise, what is tho principaldefiuite asser tion he so confidently makes ? for proof ho lias attempted none. Ho assorts that the creed teaches, "as ono of its fundamental doctrines, that unless every individual in this world is im mersed or baptised by their cvnngolists aud cor- tain formula used at tho ceremony — such as ' I baptise you in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost '—there iB no salvation from hell.' Obviously your correspondent volun tarily, and as an avowedly competent authority, assumes tho affirmative of this proposition, which I now (by your courtesy) deliberately, emphatically aud indignantly deny, affirming it to bo untrue and slanderous. It would bo a waste of your valuable space to challenge your correspondent to proof, of his assertion through your columns, and I fear it is useless to ask him to disclose his identity. As a last resource' there fore I demand that if " Christian " has any of tho spirit which ought to animate one- bearing that honored name, that ho will accept this publio challongo to substantiate his affirmation m face of tho_ world, and under the scrutiny of public critioism. To place matters upon a practical basis, I propose I. That Christian undertakes to provo upon a publio platform — as may be mutually arranged— his proposition. I ougago that the parties assailed will find a representative willing to' defend their reputa tion from bis aspersions. 2. That tho decision of the question at issue bo decided upon the evidence adduced, by a -moderation of throo members to be appointed, by yourself. 3. That each party place in your hands tbo sum of £100 to abide the result ; tho party adjudged to have failed to sustain thou: position to forfeit the £100, and that you divido that sum amongst the publio charities as you deem best. Thanking rou in antieination V nnvo 4-a . , M. M'LELLAN, .-jecreiary, _ Associated Uliurobcs of Christ in Victoria. , 1 Earnbapk- terraoo, Cardigon-street, Carlton 29th April. ' ,, Wocan insert no further correspondence on this subjeot.— Ed. A, 