HAUNTED HOUSES. Dv willuh c. rsEsroir. In the long winter evenings when we gather round the cosy fireFid, feeling all the more happy and comfortable because wc know it ie o cqMI and dreary without there are Anore fwhnrite pastimes tban that of telling ghfot stffics.And aineulariv enough, it is often moat loved fty those who are most in danger of bring nnnriyed by it Most -of us, at one time orMbs have Fat by the hearth until tbe smelly libera of the tnoriflng listening to teles of horror ootil our hearts ba?9' fainted wit-bin v 9 at the very prospbjft of gotffe to bed and yet wc have been anxious to hear mare, and the fascinations of the etory hare increased in proportion as it has inspired feelings of greater terror. Here arc two eucb stories ; one of them remains shrouded in mystery although perhaps, if we did hut know it, the cxplauatioa would be as simple as in the case of the other. We will give the more mysterious one first. It is recounted in a letter, written by a member of a very distinguished English family. "Sir Jauiee, my mother, with myself and my brother Cliftiles went abroad towards the end of the year ) 786. After trying severs) different places, we dctenaioed to settle at Lille, where we found the masters particularly good, aod where wo bad aJs? letters of introduction to several of the best French families. 41 There Sir Jamrs left os, and after passing a Tew days in an uncomfortable lodging, we cngiged a nice laige family liourc, which we liked much, and which we'obtelned at a very low rent, area- for that part of the world. About three weeks after we were established in our new itaudencc, I walked one day with my mother to the banfcetu, for the purpose of delivering our letter of credit from Sir Robert ! Bcriirs, and drawing some money, which, being ; paid in heavy five franc pieces wc fouod we could not Carry, and therefore requested the banker io tend, saying "we live in the Place du Liond'or." Whereupon he looked surprised, andobeeived that be knew of no house there fit for us, 1 except, indeed be added the odd thatbas been long uninhabited in consequence of the rnriiant that walks about, lie arid this quite seriously and in a natural tone of voice ; in spite of which wc laugbed aud Mere quite entcxtainel nt the idea of a ghost; but at Ihe same time wc begged him not to mention the matter to our servants lest they should take any fancies into their heads ; aud my mother and ? resolved to say nothing about it to any ooe ; 4 1 suppose it is the ghost," s iid my mother, laugh ing, 4 that wakes ns so often by walking ovor our heads.' We had in fact been awakened several nights by a heavy foct, which wc an p. posed to Ik: that of one of the men-servants, Of ; wb m wclitd three English and four Ficticb; of women servants wc had five English, and all the rfct sere French. The Ivnglish ones, men and women, every cue of them, returned ultim- ! aiely to Eogland with us. 44 A night or two afterwards, being again awakened by tbe step, my mother asked Cress- well, ' who ilepi in the room above us V 'No one, iny htdy,' she replied, ' It is n large empty garret.' " Altim a week or ten days alter tins Lross- ' well cano to my mother, one morning, aud told : ber that all the Freuch servants tulkcd about going away, bseause there was a rcrainvt in the liyuae : a Ming, that there seemed to be a strange story attached to the place, which was said, together with rome other properly, to lave belonged to a young man, whose guardian, who Wits also his uncle, bad treated him cniully, and cuiifmeJ him in au iron cage ; and as lie )i;«d Mih-eqm-titl\ dUiippcarcd, it was conjectured he Ind been murdered. Tbis undo, after inherit ing tbe property, bad suddenly quitted tbe house, and told it to the father of the in in of whom we had hired it. Since that period, though it LuJ been f-crer.il times let, nobody bnd i-vcr stayed in it above a weok or two : and, for o considerable time past it had had no t-jjiant at all. " Aud do jou really believe all this liar- sense, Crossnell," Mid my mother. 'Well, 1 jno't know my lady," answered sdic, ' but there is the iron cage in the garret over your Wl-rooia, where yuu may tee it if "Of course we ro?c to gi, and a- just at that moment an oil rfiieer, with Ids Croix de St. L-mis, called oa us, wo invited him to ac.'ouipiny us, and wc ascended together. Mc found, as Crcswell hail said, a large empty gamut, with bare biick walls and in the further corner of it stooJ an iron cAgc euch as wiM beasts are kept in, only higher : it was aliout four feet square, and eight in height ; and there was an iron ring in the wall at the bark to wbieh wa-- attached an old ru-dy cIim'o, wiii, a collar lived to the cni ut it. 1 eomVs it made ruy bfoo l creep, when I thought oi the possibility of any human being having inhabtle 1 it. .Ani'cur 0?d Irund eiprcvcd a? much horror as ours'.'lvis assuring m, that it Juirel certainly have been comtrurted for snuic such dreadful purpose. As Lowe'rer, wc wef no Mierei- h gho's, wc all ngrrrj lint the iiuise? nmM proceel lnnn somcboly who hid uu interest in keeping tbe house empty : aud rioce it wa- very disagreeable to imagine that there weie sc:r«t weans of entering it by night, we n-solvel :;s wen as jossible to loak out for an other resident", and, iu the meantime P» jay nothing uVut the mitter t-» Hi.y one. About ten days aft.T this duurmiiuiii >n, my mother observing one Morning that i.'r-.--wc!l. wio n bfio ca 'L c t . lur, h.-.ked two linjy p.le and .1!. required if atmhiiig w..„ il.e nutter with her : 'Indeed u-v hlv,' an-w.n l sh«, 4 we ilav,; Urn fiighteiic 1 to dc.itb, and li-hfior J ncs Mrs. Mm ran sl-q. anaiu in the w« are ii"' in.' 'Well, returned my nwihrr, ' you shall both route an 1 tdp iu Hi l.ule frparc rouiu lie at u.- ; Jut wb;il hj» ahtrmid Some one, my la-ly, went through u«r room in tbe night: wc both siw tbt figure, but we both covert! our Leid.» with the bed-clothe?, and I :j v in a dre-idful fright till morning. ' -tin healing thi?, I could nol help laughing, up'n which OreSiw ell buret iulo teirs; ami H'ting how n-:rvous she v. .is weruiifiirt.il h r by saving tli.U v.e lull lieu I <>f a g-'ri Ihu-p. an 1 that wc should very jooa abandon our present h ibitati'-n. "A few nights afterward?, my ni't'wr re- quisled in and Charles to go to Jut fied-room and fetch Iwr frame, that she might prtp.ic her work for tin? m-M day. Jf was after fcuppor, and we wore- aceiidinR the siaire by tli.' light oi a lamp which "a? alsay.s kepi burning, when wo mw gnitip up before ui a t,,!i tliiu figure, with hair flowing down Lib lewk, ami weiring a Irosc jnvdciiitg pown. Wo ireth a', once concluded it was wv sialtr Hannah, ami railed mil : 'It won't do, Hannah, voj c.nmt frighten in.' ljni whit li the figure turntd into a rev .« in the wall; but as there wis iwlndy there wh'n we pvs-c-1, wc concluded i-,;,t Hannah lud contrived MHitehw or other to s'ip a».<v and inak- her cat by the l.nck eia:ts. " On telling tin to mv muthcr, h »wc-vcr, jhe sail, Mi is very odd, fi>r Haitreh went to ld with a head acf.e before you rame in lioui your walk,' ami ture enough, on going l< Iit room, there we fi'uml l er faM asleep ; and Alio.', aim was at work there, assured us thai sbc had ltccn so for more than nit hour. Oa xutuiiuium this cimuiufctiuccto iJrcsswvll, the tun. e l quite pair, and cxclainn-J th.V that was precisely the figure rite and Marsh hid seen in their bedroom. "At»out this time my bto'licr IInry cauie to spcud n few days with us, and »c gvc him a room upanithcr pair of fctaire, at thw opposite end of the hou«c. A morning or tw o after his arrival, when he came down ti breakfast, he a&kei; my mother angrily whether eLo thought he went ti bed drunk and could not put out Lift own candle, that she Bint those French rarcaU to watch him. My mother assured him that the had never thought of doing such a thing ; hut he persisted in the accusation, ad-'ing, ' Last niglit jumped up and opene 1 the door, and by tlie light of the moon through tht tky Jifhtj J bit a follow- in his Jojfc tfown at the bottom of the stairs. If I hud rot ken ill my , shiit I would have gone after him and made hiin renumber cominz to watch me.' 4' We were now preparing to quit the housr, having secured anoiht r lielongiug to a gentleman who was going to r»|>etid jojup time in July ; but a few days before our removal it happened that a Mr. and Mrs. Alkyna, eouic English friends of ours, called, to whom we mentioned thew i strange circumstances, observing how extremely ' \- nnplcasant it was to live iu a houre that some- i . body found mraui of getting into, thoagb how they contrived it wc could not duovcr, oor wbat their motive could be, except it wb to 1 . frighten us, observing that no one could tjeep in ' the room Marsh and Cresswell had been obliged ; to give up. Fpoo this, Sirs. Atlyos Jaoghcl ; heartily, and raid that she should like of all ! things to sleep there if my mother would allow her, adding, that with her little terrier she should not In afiftid of any ghost ibat tver appeared. As lay mother had of c urae uo objection i) iliig fancy of lien. Sirs. Atkyna requested her liQihand to ride bomc with the groom, io order I hat the lat-'er might Lring btr night things before the gttes of the lowti were shut, as they were then residing a little way in the country. Mr. Aikyns smiled, nod said she was very hold; hut he made no di Acuity, tpd sent the things, and his wife retired with her dog to her room when we retired to ours appar ently without the least ap prelum! on 44 When she came down in tbe morning we wen immediate)/ struck at saving her look very I OI, and on inqoiring it de too had fa&a; frigbt- | ened, she said rite had been awake ed in the night by something moving In her room, and that by the light of tbe night lai.p she saw most distinctly a figure, and that the dog which was wry spirited, anil flew at everything, never stirred although she bad endeavoured to make bim. Wo raw dearly that she had been veiy much alarmed, and when Mr. Atkvns came and endeavoured to dissipate tbe feeling by per. sniding her that she might have dreamt it, site got quite angry. We could not help thinking that she had actually seen something ; aud tuy mother arid after she was gone, that tbonrij sbo could not bring herself to believe it was really & boat, still she earnestly hojttd that sLe m:glit 'get out of the Louse without seeing this figure which frightened people so much. " We were now within three days of the one fixed for oor removal ; I had been taking a long ride, and being tired, had fallen asleep the moment I lay down, hut iu the middle of the night I was suddenly 'afrhkeoed, I cannot say by what, for the step over our heads we bad become so used to that it no longer distorljcd us. Well, I awoke ; I had been lying with ray face towards my mother who was asleep beside mo and, as one usually docs on awaking, I turned to the other side, where, the weather being warru the curtain of the bod was undrawn, as it waj also at the foot, aud I saw standing by a chest of drawers which were betwixt me aud the window, a thin tell figure, in a loose powdering gown, one arm resting on the drawers and tbe face turned towards m<\ 1 ssw it quite distinctly by the night light which burned clearly. It was a loo? tbin, pale joung face with oh ! such a melan choly expression as can never he effjeed from my memory. 1 was certainly very much fright- encd, but luy greit horror was foal uiy mother sbonld awake and see tbe figure. I turned my head gentiytowards her aud heard her breathing high in a sound sleep. Just then the clock on the stairs struck four. I dare say it was nearly an hour before I ventured to look again, and when J diJ lake courage to turn mytyes to- waals,the drawers there wag nothing; yet I had not heard the slightest sound, though I had been listening with tie greatest inlcusiiv. you may soppose, I cover closed my eyes aain, and glad I was when Crcsswc-U kno:kcl at the door, us she did every morain for wc always locked it, and it was my businca to get oat of bed and let her in. But on this ocrasion instead of doing so, I called out, 4 Corac in, the door is not fastcued ; ' upon which she answered that it wjis, aud 1 was obliged lo get nut bed and admit her as usual. ' ""Whehltoldmymotborwlu(lire.l happened, she was very grateful to me for not waking her and commended zae teach for my resolution. She, however, resolved not to rrefc another night in the Loose, and wa got out of it thai veiy tame day, afterinilidiliug, with the nid of the servants, a thorough search, with a view to ascertain if there was any possible means of getting into the rooms except by ibo usual modes of ingress, hut ourscavch was. vain ; none could be discovered." Considering the number of people that were in the house, the fearlessness of ilic family, »nd their disinclination to believe in wbat is called the tupernatural, together with the great interest the owuer of this large and handsome resilience must have hal in discovering the trick, : if there had beau one — wis -must adroit (hit ; these extraordinary rircuinstancos arc very difti. ' cult of explanation. ! One of the Lest stories of a haunted house is that of the royal palaea of Wojls-tock, in the 'year HhO, when the commissioners ecnt from I.oiiJjti by the Lin- l'Hrliaineut to tike paves- kiuu <-f it, and efface nil the cml-li-ms ( royalty about it, were fairly driven out by their fenr of the dcril .and t'h annoyances they , suffered from a rogubdt Cavalier, who played iho ' imp to admiration. Thocomnjifc-ion'TS arrived at Woodstock on the 13th October, They took up th- :ir IoJgiii> in the late king's apart ments, turned the beautiful bedrooms and Kithdr.iwin?-rftoms into kitchens and souHerics, the r-'uncil-b'iH into a brew-housn, an 1 undo the diuiDg-room a plfe to keep fire woo- 1 <a. They pulled down ;;U the itrei.'iui of royal Mete, aud treated with the uliuo-t indignity vt-i jihiug that recalled to their memory the name of majesty of CJmrJcs ."Stuart, l»;r riites Sharp n<"o:iip.i'.ied th-.-ui in the capa?ily of eb.-il:, and ponded their elf, Ms ' with ibij gre.itcjt 7. ai- He aid- d them to uj.ro'A a no'-le uld tree, luurelv L.vau-e it was railed the Kiii:n (rik, :nd tus-cd the 1 chcciful t'ues for the commissioners. During the fiiit t w i days tbi-y heard revue str.nye ' nfiout tii house, hul they paid io great attention to them. On the third, however, they begin tore.;.. pu:t they hal got into bad company; for they i.e.r.l, th-y (hougbt, a Bvperti .tural do.' under their Ir.-d, whiclt gnawed their L. Jcloth-.-. On the next day the tahb.-s aa 1 chairs began to oancv', appare ntly t-i tutir own a:-:oru. t'i/j the rif'fl flav, 7UHtbJI., e.jjic int" the bedchamber and wailed up and duw n, all ) foi- h- ing the wariniiiz pan out of the willidi.iv.ini:- rorni, made f-o mu.-h with it that it-y th-mzht five ehureli-ltclih were ringing in ilreir rtn ihe ti sll. day, the plitei and disfo'3 wvre thrown i:p and dowu tbe dmiog-roaiu. On the j»irrnf4 day, they penetrate 1 info the fifdro.-iii in c-.oiipanx with u-v.t.J lijs efwo-.l, aii'I usurpel the soft pilfows iaU-ii !e>l fort!,: th- ti'ihth anil ninth iiighfo, ili-re w-. :i ee-s iti-.it of h- dilute.- ; but on lire f-W., il<; b. ii'l.H iu till- c'niniueyj Uratne k<..oi-rivc and rat ltd it'i-i -lairec-i abiut the :.nl r-.ii'.l l.'iig. Mil the dw-tn'U tile lau a'lfiv «' i th ir cb. il.ts aal cm the t.'-'hU fiiltd ri.-a l- L s. Jul! ..f lu.wt-r.pLU.-o llat ib-i ..u'l n A jrel ii.tu th in. <>n the tbii'tfhti. ifi.'li! . l!.- gij. krame «».," >ri.:e) with a fit f ra-hm:.-. and '- li intj >hivcre- m all p.irt.s »f ti- bmiM. On lire fn'r.v./irt., Iti-re was a n»i-- as it fcrty pi oi artillery bad I fired off, :.a 1 a .-hwwer i»f pebh.'p smnv, which so alarnret x'-.r ciiiini-si-tiers ilmt, ''struvk with en-.il horrer, tirey cried out to om: ancthvr for help." Tirey tir«t if. ill trie I the clli'iyuf pray. r< 1 ) driu owav the spirit- ; but there? i.rJi.n: m:- mailing, thev L-can re-ii .udv to reiku-t wUtl.- r it u., i |N; nci-ia b-lrer to Icov tire )d-v ii.e-v 1 j ih- .-piiit- that inbahiieil it. re.-d-.i-J. howfirr, to trv a Isi.fo !o:i-.r; an I bavin- eia'.' I f-iricxae of all th. ir b,- ti.uk ibeinsvhti to bcJ. That night thi-v ilrpt in t"bi ilde aibn, l-.it it wa.- is.ci.-lv a trick of Hnir tor iretilei U lull tUm ii.io f.ibe re.'urily. YV1»< n, on th, euc-.-n: ling night, lh-n ln-.r-l 1.1 Ii-i-e-, ill. y I't'gau lo ilattt' th-iiKf'.vx- ti;A th'. spirit «;;> Criic-n out, and prejaiid t 1 ' -il up tloir quarters fur the wi.ole wju'-w in '.!: !l.Vti;i. .1 for r p. wld upro:n- nmongtho u.i.ii-. thi the Ut Aorc-.i'" .- they luai i siin-threj w-alhiiij with a slow and solemn i>aee up mi «1 nvn the withdrawing.ruom. and iininedinl«-l' afiei warel-ahower uf Moiic. bricks. iii«itar,an I brokci)glas-pidt.d:ilH)uubeire.irs. On tin ttvpi wtTC aeafn hc-.-uii inthe witedrjwiuc re"»i. SAinhng to ilnir fancy very tnu.-h like ti. - Ire-j'iii'g of an onotinous bear, wb'eli I'mtiuu-. l fwr huut a quaittr of an hour. Tuis h.-tving a large wurmiuopan wa-ihi';"" viuleutly ujm.q the table, followed by a tnuuh.'i- uf slouvs and the j:iwl«one nf a hor-«;. F-.u.iv -i ; the boldest wa'kt-d laliantly into the ' coull discover inthinr. Tlrey were -irnid llr.t ' night to go to hrd. and sat up, niakin.- fir«- in '' every room, and tunning can.lbs nod Inmps jr» 1 great abaii<lancc ; thinking that, n> tin- 6jmit- 1 loved darkness, they would not disturb u ."nn- p.ioy surrounded with so much ligbt. '"?y , were deceived, however ; bnckct6 of water came down tbe chimney and euingui.-Jiod the iit> , anf the candles were bfo'U out, tlicy knc« i bow. .Sotue of the servaute who had b ik<n tlreniBelvos to bed were drenched with paiiil ditch water tu, they l»y, nnd arAte in trt:i- fright, exposing to the wondcriag oi tl.<- ' coiuniisjioncr.- their lin-.n all drippntc with go - » moisture, and their knuckles tod with the bl.»w-> ' llrey had at the fame tituc received from b1"' jjiVisjl-Jo loniu'ijlor. ks liile tlrey were stid speiking, there was a lioise like tbe foudt ! thunder, or the firing of a whole pa -h nt arlib lcrv. One of tbe comtuhfeioacrs a ked to a courageous voice, who whs there and whatibcy I had dene that they should bo so troubled- auser was returned, and ll.e no h-es era J for a I while. At length, however, as tbe commissioners said, 44 the bpirit came again, and Lr.mgbt witb 1 it acton others worse than ittelf." Being al.D in darkness, they lighted a candle and placed it in & doorway, that it might throw a light upnn iLc two chambers at oooe ; bflt it was suddenly blown out, and one eotnuilastoner said he "iwd tlie biruiliiude of a horse's hoof strikiuz the caudle and candlestick Into the middle ot 1 tbe chamber, and afterwards making three acrapra on tbe snuff to pni it out." .Upon ibi the tainc person was Ki bold M to draw h'4 svorel; but lie asserted positively that he ha : hardly withdrawn it when an invisible baml seized .hold of it and tugged with him and jiFevailing, struok hiut to vi dent a blow with' the pomtucl thai he Was quite Btunurel. Then tlie noises began again. Theywera coa- vinecJ by this time it was oaclcsv to BtnigJ1® any longer with the powers that eemied deter mined to tnske W tbrir om. These things happened-oa Saturday sight, and, beingrcpra't' cb tee Sanday, tifey detormiicd to lea« We (dobs and 'rectus to Lbodtfo; .. . By Trtsday monuhg etfly, adi Hbetr pif4" tlieifect, finally took their departure. itiny years elapsed before the true canaeof tbete disturbances was disroyexg vcertaiue-t at tbe tlwBie wkle was the workpgilcSgiahe ®y clgf royalist, aiffiW4hil E fh> lo knew c«y boll>nd comriftheplw aiia nnmerons trap d?£rs and rcawageqfae I commissioncralteer suspe£pDg;bitn plated the utmost relive upon him Rtenfidtabewbfdi' he abused &itbc; faanner/abbve detailed, to his own great ifebaemlmt and tbat of a fow cavaliers; «bcm he ltiTilic secret. rJ' 