IN AND ABOUT SHE GITY. (From QUE own Correspondent,) Adelaide, November 20. The Bight Hours' movement is (after all the spluttering made on ita behalf) only a very limited auccesa. Certain olaasea of workers have obtained just what they asked for shorter hours of labour without diminution of wages j and having got thin, they have been content to let othera suffer on thou* behalf, I moat reapeotfully but moat firmly IMPEACH THEM, They have been utterly selfish in the matter, and atill selfishly or thoughtleaaly cause othera to work twelve or more hours per day quite needlessly, This ia seen moat plainly in large towna, where working men and their wives do the ir shopping late into the night, apparently never caring for the over-tired assistant, and his oe her fifteen or sixteen hours of fast work on the fee t on an ordinary Saturday. Then again I notice in thia city that the workr-ooma connected with the large drapery and oet' fitting eat»bli«hment8 hold the workers-many of girla of fifteen or Bixtee« year*Mug into the night during what is called the busy season. I have made enquiry, and, find that this ia the result of the fierce competition which eeema to impel people in the soft goods trade to dutch one another by the throat until the stronger, or the more cunning, gets the victory. Then, again, I am aaaured that at the price at which goods are sold to the publio neither the forewoman of a department at £260 a year, nor the girl at 6a, per week, can really earn their wages between the hours of nine a.m. and six p.m. Also, I am led to understand that cheap shirts are so great a desideratum that they must be made at 8s, 6d. per dozen, or 2a. 6a. per dozes for the more common kinds, The woman who has to make a dozen shifts w a day each day for a week before she can earn a guinea to pay her rent and support her family cannot do it oy "putting in" eight hours aa a full day's work I She wul have to work double that time, with probably a few hours extra to keep her houae work going, These facts should make the Eight Houra men think a little, and AmiVS UY IMPEA0HMEN2, in&awmob; aa they have displayed no chivalry on behalf of the weak and belple3a, nor so far as I am aware addressed a single solitary re. monstrance against the overwork of the milli nery and dregs departments in,, the unseen reoeaaes of the soft-goods palaces. .... I am told that the hardships infltoted upon what are called apprentices in private DRB8BMAKING ESTABLISHMENTS transcend the exactions made in the more publicly known warehouses, and that the foundation for many a disease and for broken lives is laid under the pressure brought to bear by a taflk-mistreas who smiles upon her customers, and grinds bodies and souls in her djngy find stifling work-rooms, _ It is time that the Eight Hours demonstrations were de nounced as a farce if the organisation is to stop short at defending sturdy laborers and artizans, and leaves subject to tyrannous de. mands poor women and children ! .... I do not know whether the allegation is true or not, but a friend of mine tells me that trying to buy a pound of dried apples the other day day he was assured by the grocer that there was not a pound of that fruit in the whole city 1 Surely this is a slur upon the frwit growers of tne GARDEN OF THE COLON?. What are the Mount Gambier folks thinking of ? Are they ao wealthy that they will not take the trouble to dry the apples which are sometimes almost a drug amongst them ? My friend is a free-trader, and so ne ranted away about the evils of protection to native in dustries, and the condition that we have been brought to by the indulgence in Protectionist fads. Protection haa prevented the importa tion of dried apples, and our own growers were too lazy (Baid he) to give us even the moderate supply that we find necessary for home con sumption, . , , , THE LABOR DIFFICULT? at Broken Hill has had the efieot of vivifying to some extent the Employers' Union, which has been brought into existence with the view of protecting the interests of capital and pro moting arbitration in the event of disputes arising between the employed and employers, As I think I have mentioned before, the organization has branches which have the efieot of uniting Sydney, Melbourne, and Ade laide employers. But in each place there are those who are slow to avail themselves of the advantages of the organization. In one of the cities mentioned the President of the local branch deplored this apathy, and said " they must feel the jiinoh of necessity ere they will do their duty in this matter." He then went oq to illustrate his view by relating a tale of a minister in the Western States of America who had met with a very hard case in an old backwoodsman. The old man had two eons who bad reformed under the force of exceptional oiroumstances, but the old man himself re* mained impenitent. The minister on one oc casion prayed earnestly, and Nature's sur roundings made him eloquent, " Oh, Lord, it tuk a rattlesnake to convert Jem, and a bigger one to bring Dick to his knees; now send a mighty big one to touch up the old man, and bring him to his right senses I" .... , I hau the pleasure of attending the sixth and final BHAKEamiAN GATHERING at the Adelaide University the other night, when, with musical interludes dividing them, a number of aaleotiuas were given by lady and gentlemen amateurs from "Hamlet," ''Mac beth," "Midsummer Night's Dream," &o;, The audience was very select,, and the " command " was for evening dresa, Person ally I have never greatly enjoyed the luxury of a cob-tailed or olaw-hammer coat, and not being bo distinguished I took a back seat, the better to observe, I fulfilled my mission, for I noted a great many little idiosyncraoiea that have been an education to my uneducated mind. Thus, I could not fail to remark that the assemblage (principally feminine) was very .aristocratic, and that most of these who came as samples of the aristocracy had red, not to say bony, elbows : that most of the prominent members of the charmed oircle had deoidedly Jewish profiles, and those eminently elegant accompaniments, thick lips and double chinB, Some of these w«r« dimply magniHootit t £ noted also that the ololhing was as varied as the methods of wear; and the coiffure in many instances designed to be classical, were un approachably hideous and unutterably unsuit able to the faces of the individuals. I learned also the important faot-of which I had been unaware previously - that the Ghost in " Hamlet" has been trained to make his diamal communications in a solidly-constructed monotone, much after the fashion, I should suppose, used by a high-class Llama in a Bnuddist Temple in reoitiug his prayers, I also found out, to my intense joy, that for a per formance of that kind a bad voice and an indistinct articulation are no drawbacks, but are features to be rewarded by a double measure of opportunity, And so I came away muoh impressed, and disposed to think very highly of the entertainment, Xt would be a very easy thing to get upsomething of the kind in the Queen Oity of the South, only it would not, X fanoy, approach the metropolitan affair in its seleotnessland dullness, nor possibly in the matter of red elbows! . . . . One thing is quite oertain, | and should be said in reference to what is called full dress-and Mrs. Binks deBjres me to write this for the sake of the ladies-a good neck and shoulders can never be seoured whilst foolish people indulge in tight laoing! , , , , A gossip who has travelled tells me that there is NO OITY IN THE WORLD of the aame size as Adelaide that possesses so many fine buildings; secondly, he assures me that King William-street is the finest thorough fare in the colonies; and thirdly, it is a posi tive faot that for the past six years eo con tinuous and numerous have been the im provements, that street has never been without a hoarding. . , . The week has been barren of political news. Here and there one hears of new candidates springing up, and the promise is of abundance, In the plenitude of aspirants for political honors there will be sure to be a good amount of local jealousy, and what are termed " local candidates " will, no doubt, in a political and perfectly amiable sense slit one another's throats in the cause of liberty, purity, and justice. The result will be easily Been: outsiders will have the best chance, and " the dark horee " may in many cases come in easily a winner. Those who profess to know tell me that despite all the efforts of the working man element in elec tion matters there will be so much splitting up of votes that PROPERTY WILL HAVE ITS REPRESENTATION in the new House of Assembly to a far greater extent than even in the present Parliament And I am told that many of those who now sit in the Assembly will be returned, against whom an unfavourable verdict is at present re corded. Further, I am informed that perhaps there is not a man in thu House who may be considered more safe for re-election than MB, BAHl'LETI, the vigorous advocate of Went Coast settle* uient, He commands popularity among his agricultural conatituenta because of their pro found conviction that there is wickedness in .high places, and double-dyed iniquity in myaterlouB squatterdom, and squatter influ ence in Parliament, All this wiokedneas and iniquity are directed against poor Wapstraw who is as pure as hard work and bad times can ipake any man ; and what the farmers want is a man who does not hesitate to denounce cor ruption wheresoever he may find it; and who does not hesitate in his use of a forceful vocab ulary, Such a map they believe they have in Mr, Bartlett, and so he remains a prominent politician to whose sagacity and profound political knowledge our future political exist' ence may be safely entrusted 1 , , . The MINING BOOM which set in a short time ago still holds silly folks fascinated, and all kinds of extravagances are being perpetrated in mining quotations, For my part I am very sorry, baoauee the re flex influence is hurtful to legitimate mining enterprise Recent visits to the Aolare Mine confirm the general opinion that I this ia I A MAGNIFICENT PBOPKRTY, At the date of my laat viait there was a lode being worked upon that was twenty-one feat wide, eight feet of such width yielding ore that went ttfty- four ounces of alive? to th6 ton, besides lead and zino. The manages waa try. ing to bring the bulk produce of the mine up to fifty ounces of silver to the ton, but could only bring it to forty-five, If that mine were on the Barrier it would be deemed worth perhaps half a million} but unhappily it ia only in South Australia, and local mines like local prophets ara always rauked below par, Penola DISTRICT POUND.-Impounded One chestnut horse, star and snip, off hind foot white, branded like a pint pot near shoulder, shoes on } one bay colt, draught, star and snip, off hind foot white, branded like near shoulder, long tailj one dark-bay pony horse, branded like - over JR (conjoined) over 2 near shoulder, shoes on} one bay pony horse, branded like I III near shoulder, shoes on. It not olaimed, will ba sold December 18.1880, at Boon, by a magistrate's order^WlUJAIi 1 MoAlffWlb tfcwqdkeeper, i 