HOW CAN OtTR CHURCHES BE MADE MORE USEFUL? In his annual address before the Congregational Union, the Chairman, Rev. W. Jones discussed the question, How can our churches be made more useful 1 He said,' Amongst us all there is a great anxiety for usefulness, and we feel if we are not of more service to God and man the influence of our churches will wane and set. The spirit of the age is earnest and eager. The searching light of criticism is beating down upon all institutions, policies, and creeds. The age is radical. It asks why things are as they are. It inquires—' Cannot things be made better 1' Indeed, it is girding itself to the task of mending or ending. To the question which I have proposed the facts of the New Testament church furnish the answer—By a baptism of ' power from on high,' Here and there throughout the Christian world great victories for God are being won. The yearning of us all is this—that that which is exceptional may become the universal experience. As churches we need ' power from 'on high' to cultivate greater righteouenesB amongst ourselves ; we need the fearlessness to witness for and to live for Christ. Are we advancing the idea that the church has not this gift to-day ? No. But without passing judgment upon any section of Christ's Church, we can say that the gift is not upon us . as we might have it. The earnest and devout of every denomination need power from on high to evangelise the multitude. How shall this be brought about ? It is not altogether certain that we have not departed from the simple faith that says—' Prayer is the Christian's vital breath, the Christian's native air.' History tells of many a brilliant and august assembly whose deliberations affected many peoples. History tells us «f many a heroic conflict, as that of Leonidas at Thermopylae, upon the issues of which hung the freedom of nations. But in its own sphere how fraught with meaning to the whole world the gathering of those lowly men and women for prayei in the upper room at Jerusalem at the time of Pentecost. They were un conscious of the profound significance of their devout ness and obedience. Heaven was not. Prayer on earth promotes praise in heaven; prayer in the infant church promoted the promised ' power from on high.' In these days of science and proud philosophies faith in prayer is regarded in certain quarters as a sign of mental inferiority. The pulpit and the pew have felt the influence of this'opinion. Happily the glamor of scientific thought in regard to spiritual matters is losing its spell and sovereignity The command which Jesus Christ gave as the great commandment to His church in all ages is this—" Go ye therefore and made disciples of all the nations, baptizing them into the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' And the very last words our Lord uttered before His ascension were these—'Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth.' If words mean anything and solemnity of occasion can add to their significance we have the answer 'to the question, 'How can our churches be made more useful J' Our answer to this question has nothing new about it. It is simply a resort to instrumentalities that are old and yet ever new. Since the days of the Oxford movement, when Dr. Newman and his fellow-Tractarians initiated a new departure in things religious, a great reform has swept over English Christian lands. New churches have been built of imposing style. Old ones have been renovated and beautified. Our music and hymns have been modernized. The externals of worahip have gone through a perfect transformation. Still the cry is, ' Make your organization more perfect, your services more attractive, your preaching more in touch with the thought and intellectual methods of the day.' All these things are excellent in their way, but they will not acconplish much of themselves for the Kingdom of Christ. We may adopt for pulpit themes subjects social, political, semi-truthful, semi-profane, or nonsensical. We may institute gorgeous services, and cultivate magnificent singing. We may choose this or that philosophy as our method of reasoning. We may be endowed with commanding eloquence, and yet dp really nothing to transform the heart and will of men and women. On the other hand having few of these accessories but possessing the presence of the Holy Ghost we shall be mighty in our war against sin and selfishness. Without the blessing of the Holy Ghost in the special manner promised by our Lord, the churches may continue to exist. The general, though not the special, presence of the Spirit in them will make them to an extent educative and moral forces. The contrast of the churches with only the general presence of the Spirit, and the churches with the special blessing from on high will be as the contrast of the Apostles, and early church before and after the day of Pentecost. There is a danger in these days of progress and desire for something new of overlooking the fact that the secret of spiritual life and success is the same as in the days of old. Dr. E. W. Dale, in a sermon on the Holy Ghost, says :—' It is not the perfection of its organization that enables a church to redeem men from their sins and lead them in the paths of righteousness. There have been preachers in the Chuich of Rome in spite of its monstrous polity who have done infinitely more for mankind and for Gcd than whole crowds of preachers, eloquent, learned, and orthodox in the purest Protestant Churches. There is no ' power,' no 'holiness,'in Pi«ibyterianism, in Methodism, in Congregationalism, in Episcopacy, to work the spiritual miracles by which the lives of individuals and communities are transformed.' This teaching has remarkable though unconscious illustration in the manner in which the claims of denominations are regarded by the average Australian. Some say they are deficient in historical instinct. Certainly they show a languid interest in the struggle of their ancestors for the vindication of this or that denomination. They take things as they find them and judge accordingly. The test they apply is more practical than poetical. They judge of a tree by its fruit. They know that all churches in these lands stand upon a perfect equality. If they see that a priestly system is more in earnest for God and more eager for the good of men than anti-pi i*. stly systems we know to which they will give'their support. If the churches da their duty what may not Australia do for the honor of Christ and the good of men. We are not cramped by the fetters of tradition and custom as on the other side of the world. No church true to the Australian people will allow itself to be overshadowed by old-world prestige. God and Christ alone must be in our thoughts. Laboring under such conditions a glorious dream of Australia's power for true religion fills the mind. We want but the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our denominations, and Australia will lead in the van of the armies of the Prince of Peace. 