THE INSANE MINER, JUT JSJBPEBtElTCE WHICH PBOVJZD JfEAMhY FATAL, Some years ago business led me to visit and examine a number of the pilver mines of Peru, aud at one of these I met with a strange and thrill ing adventure, I had obtained the usual permission to desc-end through the narrow shaft down into the dark bowels of the earth, and a miner named Pedro bad been sent to me as a guide, I merely glanced at the fellow, in his coarse, oloserfitting, dirty costume, with the lighted lamp depending from his skull cap, and then told him to lead the way. I had visited so many mines in my time that I looked for no novelty in the descent I. was now about to make. The mouth of the present mine was only gome sis or eight feet in diameter, ana the excavation was but a few de grees from the perpendicular. For the first two hundred feet our descent was by eartheru stairs-or rather by a succession ef notches for our heels, pat in the soft, moist earth. Great care had to be exercised to prevent our feet from slipping- for, if the foothold were once lost, it might not be r-egained, and the death of the un fortunate individual would probably be the result, if not the destruction of all before him, On reaching the bottom of the first shaft, my guide, who had not spoken since entering the pit, silently mo tioned me to follow him, and led the way through a broad, winding tunnel, from which many others branched off in different directions. These were old veins that had been first worked and were now deserted, and presented nothing worthy of my attention. At length we came to another shaft, more perpendicular even than the first, and the descent of which was by means of ladders, but with rounds so old, worn, and rotten that I was fearful every Step would give way under me. In this manner, by easy stages, for we found a resting level at every fifty or seventy-five feet, we descended to a depth of perhaps five hundred feet below the surface of the earth, and came upon the miners actively engaged in getting out the ore. The scene thus presented, when witnessed for the first time, has a strange effect upon the beholder, and if he is not reminded of certain regions that shall be name less, then may we truly pronounce him deficient in the species of imagination which is the most fed by superstition. Strange, hollow, creaking, groaning, tumbling noises come rolling in upon his ear from every quarter, while his vision is limited to walls and gulfs of blackness, with here and there a small, mysterious light, like an ignis fatuus, moving slowly about, and perhaps faintly revealing what seems a ghost, or human shadow, with a pale, ghastly face, played upon by the changing rays of the swinging lamp before it, so as to make it appear distorted and hideous. Having spent some three hours in exploring and examining the mine, and thus completed the business which took me down, 1 set out with my guide to return to the world above. During all the time he had be^n showing; me i about from point to point the fellow j had been very quiet and polite, speak- ! Jng only when addressed, and then j answering in a brief, civil, pointed and j intelligent manner. On our way up the ladders he cautioned me more than once to be careful of my hold, and pointed out two or three places where the rounds were more than usually weak and rotten. T mention these things to show how little I could have been prepared for what followed. On reaching the great tunnel, which wound round to the base of ihe first shaft, Pedro said, with a polite bow : "If your worship will spare me a few minutes of your time, I have Something I would like to show you." "What is it?" " Come and see." " Is it far " Jfothing of' vast importance should j be thought far!" was the equivocal reply. " Ifc is thi;« way-pray follow JSe!" Mv curiositv hoing a little excited, J rejoined as T went after him : " Make haste then. Ped ra : for I am anxious to get to the fresh, pure gir above." Pedro quickened hi« pa^e. and T iepfc q1qP£ behind him. Turning here and turning there, out of one passage into another, the fellow continued walking rapidly for at least five minutes, by which time I had got completely bewildered, and feared that he had or would get so. At length, as I was about to remonstrate, he sud denly came to a halt upon the brink of what appeared to be a dry well, the inouth of which was about four feet in diameter, and the sides inclining out ward from the perpendicular, so that the bottom was broader thau the top, and the entire excavation slightly conical in form. Do you see this ?" exclaimed Pedro, turning his black eves full upon me, with a peculiar, glittering sort of a look of triumph. " I see it-yes- a well." ?( Of silver, Senor-of silver! Ha! ha! ha! Perhaps of gold, too, Senor. "Who knows ? A nd then speak of the diamonds in a whisper, my friend, lest the walls should have ears." if I do not understand you. Pedro," said I, wondering what the fellow could mean. " Why, do you not see f I am a ' monarch-a King "You? " Ay, me-just as you see me here although at present I wear no royal robe." '' That is a fact which is quite ap parent, ' returned I, scarcely knowiug whether to laugh or to look vexed*1. " Pray, your Majesty, where is your kingdom ?" "My Silver Halls are here?" he said, pointing down the well," Listen! what I want is a prime minister-one who can tend to my affairs when I am away. But I am told the chosen one must be a spirit, and not a mortal, and my royal pleasure is that you shall serve me in that capacity." As he spoke he spranj behind me and pushed me so suddenly that, not being prepared for the assault, I went over the verge of the well in spite of myself, and fell heavily to the bottom, a distance of some fifteen feet, but fortunately withont breaking any bones. I arose with perfect presence of mind, and as I looked up to the contorted face of the miner, who was now bending over and glaring down upon me, the whole truth flashed upon me: Me was a inaniae, and I was in his poicer! It was a terrible discovery to make in my situation, and my heart fairly quailed at the thought that the place might be my grave. It would be impossible to get out without assistance; I could not expect help from the madman who had put me there; and what chance was there that any one else would find me in that out-of-the-way place P These were my first thoughts, that flashed through my mind in an instant, and the next were that I should humor the fellow, fall into the train of his insane ideas, and irv what I might gain by stratagem. " Oh, mighty Monarch of the Silver Halls," I said, " I deeply thank your Majesty for this evidence of your royal favor, and humbly beg to assure you that already have I become a spirit and your prime minister, only wishing to do your royal will." 0 "You look the same-we see no change," he leplied, now using the kingly plural, " and they told us it would take many days to effect what we desire." th" P"k° to^ y°ur ®oyal Majesty " Our subjects." " And is it possible your Majesty can believe your plebeian subjects before . your noble minister ?" "We should not, perhaps; but days are as nothing to a spirit; and as you are now a spirit, we will leave vou for a few days, and then let you know our royal pleasure." "With this he smiled a grim smile, waved his hand majestically, turned and disappeared. I "called after him, but he returned me no answer, I could hear his echoing footfalls slowly re ceding till they died out in the dis tance. It was useless for me to attempt to describe my feelings when I thus found myself left alone in darkness at the bottom of a pit from which I could not extricate myself, and in a part of a deserted mine, from which, if I were wholly free, I might never find my way to the world above. Though I felt myself literally buried alive, yet I did not at first wholly despair. A faint hope lingered that my guide might go baek without me, his condition become known, mvself be missed and a search be instituted for me; but then the chances were so many against my ever being found while living that the thought only gave me the feeblest ray of comfort, which finally went out "in a horrible gloom that was worse than death it self. For three mortal days and nights the time of which was all one rayless awful night to me-did I remain in that fearful pit; and then, nearly dead from hunger, thirst and despair, I felt as if I was going mad myself. For a Jong time I had called and shouted and shrieked for help, and now, without the faintest ray of hope, I staggered around my prison, beat my head against its earthern walls, tore TUV hair, bit my flesh, and shrieked because of the horrors that seemed to set my brain on fire, and when at last I heard human voices, and saw lights flashing above me, I was in that state when the mind, Iiovering on the verge of insanity, is not able to distinguish the true from 7 he false-the real from the imaginary and whether these were beings of earth or demons from the other world, I had lost the power to determine. My next remembrance is of finding myself in bed, and being tended with care ; but it was two weeks from the day I entered that mine before I had sufficiently recovered to relate my story and learn of the manner of my I discovery. Pedro, it seems, had gone back to his work in the mine as though no thing unusual had occurred; and subse quently, when questioned about me, he replied, in a very straightfoward and intelligent manner, that he had con ducted me to the upper shaft, and there left me at my own request. It was there supposed I had gone out when no one was about, and departed in a very uncivil way, and no search was made for me. In fact, I owed my life to accident-one of the miners, having occasion to visit a distant part of the deserted veins, being startled by shrieks, the mystery of which be had the courage to investigate. My narrative of the conduct and language of Pedro was the first knowledge anyone had of his insanity \--though many now remember some thing curious and singular connected with him. An investigation proved him non compos mentis, and lie was removed to an asylum, I learned he had once been a lackey to a courtier, which accounted for his supposing himself a king and using language becoming royalty itself. ?W- Y, Ledger. 