-Vif. GOOJ)GMAF'S U1S00VEMES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Mr.'Gqodchap appears to have hold the cars and tickled the ( easily- wrought-up fancies of his pro- tectionist' friends and supporters at Redfern on Monday evening last when, for their entertainment and instruc- tion, he cited some isolated and unimportant instances of duty tariff levied on manufactured imports as examples of the fiscal policy of England, being that of free trade inverted, particularly the tax he had to pay on the silver- mounted fittings of his handbag, which, considering the stamp duty on English manufactured silver, is neither unfair nor prohibitive, and does not affect the poor man's purse, na bags so mounted ara the property and luxuries of rich men only, on whom the duty falls, and who are well able, although sometimes unwilling, to pay it. The duties of 10d. per lb. on manufactured tobacco, and 3s. per cwt. on monfaoturcd cocoa and coffee are clearly not taking into account their large consumption by any means prohibitive, and as they are not essentially the poor man's necessaries, the duty imposed on them is, consequently, to him " no hardship. The much gulled ghosts who are invited to partake freely of the protectionists' banquets of bunkum which are frequently spread before them in a very " spread-eagled fashion " in Sydney, are evidently most grateful for any small parcel, avon a Voxhaul slice from the over- done joints of their free-trade scapegoat, hence the cheering to the echo the revelation of the recent free-trade discoveries of their globe- trotting champion with which he (if not they should have been well acquainted long before he undertook his late voyage of discovery. Mr. Goodchap said from his " observations in America protection had produced the very best results, and the people were prosperous and happy." That statement is at variance with the reported recent observations of other travellers in America, who have not taken stock of its political and social systems through the magnifying glasses of protection, their painful experience having constrained them to put anything but the cheerful-looking face on the picture that Mr. Goodchap did at Redfern. It is some what singular making due allowance for his protectionist bins-that Mr. Goodchap, who was so keenly observant of the prosperity of that tiix-dopronood country, of which he spoke so gushingly, should have been so obtusely oblivious of the existing state of white slavery and misery there-at all events, if he was cognisant of it, it is evident It didn't suit his policy to avow it. If there is no other known proof that Mr. Go"od Chap's eyes were closed to the lamentable condition of the working people of America, the following extract from a newspaper recently published in San Francisco, one of the last American cities, I presume, he visited, isa conclusive confirmation of that fact. " The Council of Federated Trades met last night in Occidental Music-hall President Hoffmeyer in the chair. Mr. Campbell, of the Laundry workers' Union, made a very distressing statement as to the condition of the workers in the laundries of this city and Oakland. He said that they were paid from 10 dol. to 29deg. a month, with board and lodging: but that the board was of the most inferior description, and that the lodgings were generally filthy hovels. As many as 160 persons had to work in one room, where there was no ventilation, and consequently many of them lost their health. Those who worked at piecework were not allowed to fix any price on it; He desired the council to in due Commissioner Tobin to investigate the matter. The following memorial to Commissioner Tobin was passed. Whereas we have been reliably informed that the laundry workers of San Francisco and Oakland, male and female, have, and are being held in such absolute submission as to render them helpless against any and all impositions of tyrannical bosses, who are oeciinmluting fortunes through the long working hours and poor and insufficient food furnished their employees and whereas their sleeping accommodations are in such a crowded condition as to be detrimental to the health of the occupants, and in direct violation of all sanitary law, we express our just indignation at such a condition of affairs." I beg to commend the perusal of this bit of latest American information to the free and enlightened electors of Redfern, especially the protectionist section of that electorate. I am, c, FACTS BEFORE FICTION. The IA lost computation gives the following as the indobiodnoBS of ton South American States at the end of 1887 Brazilian Government, £07,800,118; Argentine Ucpublic,£G2,777,74ó; Mexico. 428,810,777; Chili, £10,701,939; Uruguay, £10,08,1,077; Costa llica,ü¡í,623,0.39; Ouatoniiilu, £2,128,092; Paraguay, £1,897,401; Bolivia, £1,231,912; and Nicaragua, £279,200. There is thus a total indebtedness of £228,804,900. Tins does not include Peru, whose indebtedness is at least £50,000,000, so that the South American States have run up a, debt of nearly £300,000,UOO. i 