in Ocean Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER III. — confiiiMcrf. LAUBA JENNINGS. All this my sight took in quickly. TIio men had quitted the windlass, and were making sail upon the yacht nimbly, but so quietly, oven with a quality of stealth in their manner of pulling and hauling, that wo could not have? -been a stiller ship had \vc been a privatecrsman getting under Way on a dark night with & design of sur prising a rich fabric or' of escaping a noavily -armed enemy. They looked a stout crew of -men, attired without the uniformity that is usual in yachting com panies in these days, though the divcraity of dress was not sufficiently marked to oflfchd. I gathered that the vessel carried h mate as well as a captain, and detected him in theyfiguro of a sturdy little fellow, witli a cast in his cyo and a mat of red hair under his chin, who stood betwixt the knighthoods forward, staring aloft at a bond on the topsail yard. Captain Finn saluted tjj'e girl and mo with a flourish of a nairy J>aw to jus nat, but was too lull ot businossio give us further heed. 4 4 Wo shall be under way very soon now, Miss Jennings," said I ; 44 it is a strange Voyage that we arc undertaking." "A sad one, too," she answered. 44 You show a deal of courage in accom panying Wilfrid," I exclaimed. "I hesitated ot first, " said she, "but he seemed so sure of overtaking the Shark, and pressed me so earnestly to join him, believing that the sight of mo, or that by my pleading to — to—" She /altered, flushing to the eyes, and half turned from mo vrilh ouch a tremulous parting of her lips to the gush of the mild breeze, which set a hundred golden fibres of licr hair dancing about her ears, that I , expected to see a tear upon her check when she luokcd at mo afresh. I pvc- ; tended to l»u interested in nothing but the movements of tl|0 men who were hoisting the mainsail. 44 What do .think of the voyage, . Mr. Monson ? " "she exclaimed after a little pause, : though alio' .-held her face averted as if waiting for the flush to fade out of her cheeks. "It bothers nje considerably," I an swered: "there is liothinc to make heads or tails of in it that 1 can sec." " But why 1 " and now slio stole a side long look at inc. "Well, first of all," I exclaimed, "1 cannot imagino that there is tlio faintest probability of our picking up tho Shark. tilie may be below the horizon, and we may be sailing three «»r four leagues apart for days at a stretch, and neither ship with tho faintest suspicion of the other being close. The ocean is too big for a hunt of this sort." "But suppose we should pick licr up, to use your term, Mr. Monson ? " "Suppose it, Miss Jennings, and add this supposition: that the gallant Colonel'' —she frowned at his name, with a sweet curl of horror on her lip as she looked down — "who will long before have twigged us, declines to heave-to or have anything whatever to do with us ; what then ? " " I suggested this to your cousin," she answered quickly; "it is a most natural objection to make. He answered that if tho Shark refused to stop when he hailed her — that is the proper term, 1 know — ho would compel her to come to & stand by continuing to fire at her, even if it came to liis sinking licr, though his object would be to knock her mast down to pre vent her from sailing." 1 checked a smile at the expression " knock her mast down," and then caught myself running my glance round in search of any hint of ordnance of a persuasive kind ; and now it was that 1 noticed for the first time, secured amidships of the forecastle, and comfortably housed and tarpaulined, something that my naval in stincts were bound to promptly interpret into a long Tom, and of formidable calibre too, if the right sort of hint of it was to be obtained out of its swathing. 1 also ob- ltic : I mean a bow-port on cither side the Iwwsprit — a detail of equipment so un common in a pleasure craft as to force me to the conclusion that the apertures had been quite newly cut and fitted. 1 uttered a low whistle, whilst I found my companion's gaze rooted upon mowith the same critical attention in the spirited blue gleam of it 1 had before noticed. " Well 1 " said I, taking n bit of a breath, " upon my word, though, I should not hare thought ho had it in him ! Yes, yondcr's a remedy," I continued, nodding lu thcdircction of the forecastle, "to cor- rcsjiond with Wilfrid's intentions if he's fortunate enough to fall in with tho Shark. Will die bo armed, I wonder ? It would lUeu make the oddest of all peppering matches." " If the yacht oscapes us, wc are certain .to meet with her at tho Cape," said Miss Jennings. It was idle to argue on matters of sea- mansliin with the pretty creature. " Wilfrid has said little on the subject to me," I remarked. 44 Be was dread fully overcome when he called to ask me to accompany him. But it is good and brave of you to enter upon this wild ox- Iiorimcnt with a womanly and a sisterly tope of courting the fugitive back to licr right and only rosting-iflace. My cousin will receive her, tbcu 1 ' " He means to come between bcr And the consequences of her — of her folly," said she, colouring again with a flash in her eye and a steady confrontment of me, "let the course lie may afterwards make up his mind to puiruo be what it will." I saw both distress and a little liint of temper in her face, and changed the sub ject. " Have you been long in England ? " 44 1 arrived three months ago at Sher- burne Abbey "(my cousin's scat in the north). "You know I am an Australian? " "Yes, but not through Wilfrid, of whose marriage I should have learned nothing but fur hearing it talked about one day in a club. A young baronet who luul met Lady Monson was loud in her praises. He described her as a wonder fully beautiful woman, but dark, with fiery Spanish eyes and raven tresses ; " and here I pcej>Ofl at her own soft violet stars and sunny hair. " Yes, she is beautiful, Mr. Monson," she answered sadly, "too beautiful indeed. Her faco has proved a fatal gift to licr. Wliat mildness ! " she exclaimed, whis pering her words almost. " And never was there a more devoted husband titan Wilfrid. And her baby — tlie little laiub 1 Oh, how could she do it 1 how could she do it ! " "With whom has tho child boon placed 1 " said I. " With a cousin, Mrs. Trevcr." "Oh, I know, a dear good creature: the bairn will be in excellent hands." "Sir Wilfrid was loo affectionate, Mr. Monson. You known," 6lie continued, looking at mo sideways, her face very grave, "if you have ceased to love or to like a person, your aversion will grow in proportion as lie grows fond of you. Jt is nut true, Mr. Monson, that love begets love. No ; if it were true, my sister would be the happiest of women." "Have you met Colonel Hope-Ken nedy ? " "Oh yes, often and often. He was a very constant visitor at Sherburne Abbey. " " Pretty good-looking ? " 41 Tall, very' gentlemanly, not by any means handsome to my taste, but 1 have no doubt many women would think liiiu "Tho uaiue is familiar to me, but I never met the man. Hid ho live in the north ? " 44 No ; whenever he came to Sherburne Abbey lie was your cousin's guest." Phew! thought I. "And. of course," I said, willing to pursue the subject afresh, since it did not seem now to em barrass her to refer to it, whilst I was curious to learn as much of the story as could be got, "my cousin hud no suspicion of the somndrclism of the man he was entertaining." " No, nor is lie to be blamed. He is a gentlemen, Mr. Monson, and, like all fine, generous, amiable natures, very, very slow to distrust persons whom he has honoured with his friendship. When he came to me with the news that Henrietta had left him J believed he had gone utterly mad, knowing him to bo just a Utile" — she hesitated, and ran her eves over my faee ns though positively she halted merely to the notion that perhaps I w as a trifle gone, too ; and then, clasping her hand before her, and banging hccJiead su as to look as if she was sinking with her eyes closed, she went on: "1 was much with Henrietta, and often when Colonel Hojte- Kenncdy was present. 1 had ridden with them, bad watched them whilst they played billiards— a game my sister was j very fond of— observed them at the piano ! when she was singing and he turning the ; music, or when she uccompanied him in a Pong; he sang well. But— it might be, it i is true, because 1 was ns unsuspicious as Wilfrid — yet I declare, Mr. Monson, that I never witnessed even so much as a look exchanged between them of a kind to excite a moment's uneasiness. No ! Wil frid cannot be charged with blindness ; the acting was as exquisite as the object was detestable." And she flushed up again, half turning from mo with a stride towards the rail and a wandering luuk at the green country, which 1 accepted as a bint- that she wished the subject to drop. The yacht was now under way. They had catted, and were fishing tlio anchor , forwards ; I noticed that the man 1 had tekon to be the mate had arrived aft and was at the wheel, The vessel's bead was pointing fair for the Solent, and already I you beard a faint crackling sound like a ! delicate rending of satin rising from under tho bows, though there was so little weight in the draught of air that the Bride floated without the least perceptible list or inclination spite of all plain sail being upnii licr, with the cxccptiun of the tup- 44 Fairly started at last, Miss Jennings," said 1. She glanced round hastily as though disturbed in an absorbing reverie, smiled, and then looked sud enough to weep, all in a breath. Well, it was a solemn moment for her, I must say. She had her maid with her, it is true ; but she was the only lady on board. There was none of her own quality with whom she could talk apart — 110 other woman to keep her in countenance, so to speak, with the sympathy of presence and sex ; she wus bound on n trip of which no mortal man could have dated the termin ation — on adventure that might carry her all about the world for auglit she knew, for, since slio was fully couscioua of the very variable weather of my cousin's mind, to use the old phrase, she would needs be too shrewd not to conjecture that many wild aud surprising things were quite likely to happen whilst the power of directing the movements of the yacht remained bis. And then again she was in quest of her sister, without a higher hopo to support her than a fancy— -that was the merest dream to my mind, when I thought of tlio little baby the woman had left behind her, to say nothing of her husband — that her passionate entreaties backing Wilfrid's appeals might coax her ladyship to quit the side of the gallant figure she had run away with. J list then the merry silver tinkling of a bell smartly rung sounded through tho open skylight, and at tho same moment the form of a neat and comely young womau arose in the couipaniou hatch. What is it Graham ?" inquired Miss Jennings. 'The first dinner-bell, Bliss. Tbe second will ring at tbe half-hour." Tlio girl pulled out a watch of tbe size of a thumbnail and exclaimed, "It is already five o'clock, Mr. Monson. It cannot be a whole hour since you arrived ! I hope the time will pass aB quickly when We are at sea. " She lingered a moment gazing ehoro- wards, sheltering licr eyes sailor-fashion with an ungloved hand of milk-white softness, on which sparkled a gem or two ; then, giving me a slight bow, she went to the companion and stepped down the lad der with tlio grace and ease of a creature floating on wings. Ho, ho ! thought I, she will have licr sea lcgB anyhow ; no need therefore, Master Charles, to bo too officious with your hand and arm when tho hour of tumblefication comes. But that she was likely to prove a good sailor was a reasonable conjecture, seeing that she was comparatively fresh from probably a four month's passage from Melbourne. 1 followed her after a short interval, and then to tho summons of the second dinncr- Iwdl entered the cabin. The equipment of the table rendered festal the sumptuous furniture of this interior with the sparkle of silver and crystal, and the dyes of wines blending with the central show of rich flowers. The western sunsbino lay upon the skylight, and tlie atmosphere was ruddy wit h it. One is apt to be curious when in novel situations, and I must con fess that yachting in such a craft as this was something very new to me, not to speak of the uncommon character one's experiences nt tlio onset would take from the motive and conditions of tlio voyage ; and this will prove my apology for saying that, whilst i stood waiting for Wilfrid and liis sister-in-law to arrive, I bestowed more attention, furtive as it might be, upon tlio two stewards and my cousin's man than I should have thought of obliging them with ashore. The stewards were commonplace enough, a pair of trim- built fellows, the head one's face hard with that habitual air of solicitude which comes at sea to a man whoso duties lie amongst crockery and bills of fare, and whoso leisure is often devoted to (lark and mysterious altercations with the cook ; the second steward was noticeable for nothing but a large strawberry mark on liis left cheek ; but Wilfrid's man was worth a stare. 1 had uo recollection of him, and consequently lie must have been taken into my cousin's sendee since I was last at tho Abbey, as wo used to call it. He had the appearance of a man who had been bred to tbe business of a mute, a lantlioni-jawcd, yellow, hollow-eyed per son whose ago might hnvc been five-and- twenty or fivc-and-forty ; hair as black as coal, glossy as grease brushed flat to the tenacity of sticking- plaster, and fitting his egg-shaped skull like a wig. Qe was dressed in black, his trousers a little short and somewhat tight at the ankles, where they revealed a pair of white socks bulging witli a hint of gout over the sides of a pair of pumps. He stood behind tho chair that Wilfrid would take with his hands reverentially clasped upon liis waist coat, his whole posture indicative of humility and resignation. Nothing could l>o more in harmony with the melancholy nature of our expedition than this fellow's countenance. Miss Jennings arrived and took her place ; sho was followed by my cousin, who walked to the table with tho gait of a person following a coffin. Thia sort of thing, thought 1, must be suffered for a day or two, but afterwards, if the air is not to bo cleared by a rousing laugh, it won't be for lack of any effort on my part to tune up my pipes. CHAPTER IV. in the solent. The dinner was exquisitely cooked, and as perfectly ordered a repast as the most fastidious could devise or desire ; hut very little waB said, mainly, suspect, because our thoughts were filled witli the one sub ject we could not refer to whilst the atten dants hung about us. What fell was the merest commonplace, but I noticed that whilst Wilfrid ate little lie offered no objection to the frequent replenishing of his glass witli chamjiagne by the melan choly chap who stood behind him. By and by wc found ourselves nlono. "That is very honest, port ; you need not be afraid of it, Charles," said mv cousin. "Do you understand gunnery ?" " I believe 1 could load a piece and point it," said 1, smiling, "but beyond that — " " Have you seen the gun on tho fore castle / " "Just the outline of a cannon," I an swered, "under a Mouther of tarpaulin. What is called a long Tom, I think." "You will have guessed the object of my mounting it?" said ho, with a frown darkening his face to ono of those angry moods which would sweep athwart liis mind like tho deep hut flitting shadows of squall clouds over a gloomy sky sullen with the complexion of storm. "Yes; Miss Jennings explained." I answered, glancing at her and meeting her eye, in which 1 seemed to find the faintest hint of rebuke, as though she feared 1 might be laughing in my sleeve. " What's the calibre, Wilfrid ? " 44 Eighteen pounds," he answered. 44 An eighteen K>uudcr, eh ! That should bring the Shark's spars about their ears, though. Let mo think : the range of nn eighteen nounder will bo. nt an elevation of five degrees, a little over a mile." " If," cried my cousin — lifting his hand as though to smite tlio table, then bring ing his clenched fist softly down, mani festly cheeked in some hot impetuous impulse by tho sense of tho presence of the girl, who regarded him witli a face as serious as though she were listening to a favourite preacher — 44 if," he repeated, sobering his voice with the drooping of his arms, "we succeed in overhauling the Shark, and they refuse to heave her to, my purjiosc is to wreck her aloft, and then, should they show fight, to continue firing at her until I sink licr." There was a vicious expression in his eyes as ho said tliis, to which the peculiar indescribable trembling or quivering of the lids imparted a singular air of cunning. " Is the Shark armed, do you know i " said I. "She carries a couple of small brass pieces, I believe, for purposes of signal ling. Pop-guns, "said he, contemptuously. 44 But I fancy she lias an armoury of her own. Lord Winterton was constantly cruising north on shooting excursions, and it is quito likely that he let the weapons which belong to him with the yacht," 44 If Colonel Hope - Kennedy's pro gramme," raid J, 44 includes a ramble amongst the South Sea Islands, you may reckon upon liis having equipped himself with small arms and powder enough, if oidy witli an eye to man-eating rogues. But to revert to your long Torn, Wilfrid. It should not lie hard to sink a yacht with such & piece ; but you are not for murder ing your wife, my dear fellow ? " 44 No, no," said lie slowly, and speak ing to mo, though lie kept his eyes fixed upon liis sister-in-law, " have uu fear of that. It is I that am tho murdered man." He pressed his hand to his heart. 44 Rather put it thus : that when they find their vessel hulled and sinking they will get their boats over and be very wil ling to be picked up by us." 44 But your round shot may knock their boats into staves," said I, "and what then ? " 44 Our own boats will bo at lmnd to rescue them," said he, now looking at me full witli an expression of relish of tlio argument. "But, my dear Wilfrid," said I, "don't you know that when a craft founders she lias a trick of drowning most of the people aboard lier, and amongst the few sur vivors, d'ye see, who contrived to sup port themselves by whatever lay floating might not- he Lady Monson ! " Ho took a deep breath, and said, so slowly that ho seemed to articulate with difficulty, "Bo it so. I have made up my mind. If wo overhaul the Shark and she declines to heave to, I shall fire into her. Tlio blood of whatever follows will l>c upon their heads. Tliis lias been forced upon rac ; it is none of my seek ing. . I do not mean that Colonel Hopo- Kcunedy shall posses my wife, and 1 will tako her from hiin alive if possible ; but rest assured I am not to be hindered from separating them though her death should be the consequence." Miss Jcmungs clasped her fingers upon her forehead and sat motionless, looking down. For a little I was both startled and bewildered ; one moment ho talked as though his wish was that his wife should not be liarmed, and the next, in some , concealed convulsion of wrath, lie be trayed a far blacker resolution than ever I could liave imagined him capable of. Yet in tho brief silence that followed I had time to rid myself of my little fit ot consternation by considering, first of all, that lie was now talking just as, according to my notion, lie was acting — insanely ; next, that it waB a thousand to one against our falling in with tlio yacht. ; and again, supposing we came up witli her, it was not very probable that the crew of the Bride could be tempted, even by heavy bribes, into a measure that might put them in jeopardy of their necks or their liberty. It was now dark, and tlio cabin lamps liad been for some time lighted. The evening looked black against the portholes and the skylight, but the cheerfulness and l>cauty of the cabin was greatly heigh- tened by the sparkling of the oil-flames in the mirrors, the swing-trays, the glass-like surface of the bulkheads, and so on. Miss Laura's golden loveliness— do not laugh at my poor nautical attempts to put tliis amber- coloured, violet-eyed woman before you — showed, as one may well suppose of such a complexion and tints, incomparably perfect, I thought, in the soft though rich radiance diffused by the burning sperm. I wondered that she should listen so pas sively to Wilfrid's confession of his inten tions should we overhaul the Shark. My gaze wont to her as he concluded that little speech I have just set down ; but I witnessed no alteration in as much of her faco as was visible, nor any stir, as of one startled or shocked, in her posture. Pos sibly she did not master all tlie signifi cance of his words ; for how should a girl realise the full meaning of plumping round shot out of an cightcen- poundcr into a vessel till she was made a sieve of ? Or it might be that she was of my mind in re garding the expedition as a lunatic under taking, and in suspecting that a few weeks of this ocean hunt would sicken Wilfrid of his determination to chase the Shark round tho world. Or mingled with these fancies, besides, their micht be enough of violent resentment against her sister, of grief, pain, shame, to enablo her to listen with an unmoved countenance to fiercer and wilder menaces than Wilfrid had as yet delivered himself of. These thoughts occupied my mind during the short spell of silence that followed my cousin s speech. He sud denly rang a little liandbcll, and his melancholy servant came sliding up to him out of the after cabin. 44 Tell Cajttein Finn I wish to see him \- that is, if he can leave tlio dock." The fellow mounted tho steps. " What is the name of that gloomy- looking man of yours, Wilfrid ? " " Muffin," he answered. " Have I not seen somebody wondor- , fully like liiui," said 1, "holding on with drunken gravity to the top of a hearse trotting home from the last public-house along the road from tlie graveyard ? " Miss Laura laughed ; and thcrS was a girlish freshness and arch cordiality in her laughter thai must have put me into a good humour, 1 think, had it been my wife instead of Wilfrid's that Colonel Hope- Kennedy wassailing away with. 44 Maybe, Charles, maybe," he answered, with a dull smile ; "homey have been an undertaker's man for all 1 know ; though 1 doubt it, because 1 had him from Lord with a five years' diameter, every word of which has proved true. But I knew you would have your joke. The fellow fits my temper to a hair; ho has a hcnrae-likc face 1 admit ; but then he is the quietest man in the world— a very ghost ; summon him, and if he shaped himself out of thin air he couldn't appear at your elbow more noiselessly. That's his main recommendation to inc. Any kind of noise now find distracting ; even music — Laura will tell you that I'll run a mile to escape the sound of a piano." At this moment a pair of pilot breeches showed themselves in the companion- way, and down came Captain Finn. As he stood, hat in hand, soberly clothed with nothing more jimcrack in the way of finely upon him than a row of brass waistcoat- buttons, I thought ho looked a very proper, sailorly sort of man. There was no lack of intelligence in liis eyes, which protruded, as from a long habit of staring too eagerly to windward and trying to see into the insido of gales of wind. Ho was remarkable, however, for a faco that was out of all proportion too long, not for the width of liis head only, but for his body ; whilst his legs, on the other hand, were as much too short, 60 tliat he submitted himself as a person whose capacity of growth had been experimentally distri buted, insomuch that his legs appeared to havo come to a full stop when he was still a youth, whilst in his face the active prin ciples of elongation had continued labo rious until long after the term when nature should have made an end. " A glass of wine, captain I " said Sir Wilfrid. "Thank your honour. Need makes tlie old wife trot, they say, and I feel a-diy — I feel a«diy." 44 Put your liat down and sit, Finn. I want you to give my cousin, Mr. Monson, vour view's respecting this — this voyage. But first, where arc wo ? " 14 Why," answered tho captain, balan cing the wine-glass awkwardly l>clwixt a thumb and a forefinger, that resembled nothing so much as a brace of .stumpy carrots, whilst lie directed a nervous look from Wilfred to me and on to Miss Laura, as though lie would have us observe that bo addressed us generally ; 44 there's Yarmouth lights opening down over the l>ort bow, and 1 reckon to be clear of the Solent by about three bells — half -past nine o'clock." 44 Tlie navigation hereabouts," said T, 44 needs a bright look-out. The captain may not thank us for calling him below." 44 Lord love 'ec, Mr. Monson, sir," he answered, 44 the mate, Jacob Crimp, him with tho one eye slewed — if so lie as you've noticed tlie man, 6ir — he's at the helm, and I'd trust him for any inshore navigation, from the Good'cns to tho Start, blindfolded. Why, be knows his soundings by the smell of tlie mud." 44 How is tlio weather?" inquired my cousin. 44 Fine, clear night, sir ; the stars plen tiful and the moon arising ; the wind's drawed a bit norradly, and's briskening at that ; yet it keeps a draught, with nothing noticeable in the shape of weight in it. Well, your honour, and you, Mr. Monson, sir, and you, my lady, all I'm sure 1 can say, is, here's luck," and down went the wine. 44 Captain," said Sir Wilfrid, "oblige mo by ghing Mr. Monson your views of the chase we have started ujkm." Finn put down the wine-glass and dried his lips on a pocket handkerchief of the size of a small ensign. 44 Well," he began with a nervous un easy twisting about of liis legs and feet, 44my view's this: Fidler isn't likely to take any other road to tho Cape than tiic ono that's followed by the Indiemcn. Now," said he laying a forefinger in tho palm of his big hand, yellow still witli ancient stains of tar, whilst Wilfrid watched him in lu6 near-sighted way, leaning forward in tlie posture of one ab sorbed by what is said ; 4 4 you may take that there road as skirting the Bay o' Biscay and striking tho latitude of forty at about fifteen degrees east ; then a south by west half west course for the Cauarics ; tho Equator to be cut at twenty-five degrees west, and a straight course for Trinidad to follow with a clean brace up to the .South East trades. What d'ye think, sir?" 4 4 Oil, 'tis about the road, no doubt," said I, for whatever might havo been my thoughts, I had no intention to drop a discouraging syllable then before Finn in my cousin's hearing. 44 But," said the captain, eyeing me nervously and anxiously, 4 4 if so be as wc should havo tho luck to fall into that there Shark's wake, you know, wo shan't need to trouble ourselves with the courso to the Capo south of the equator. 44 Of course not," exclaimed Sir Wilfrid. 44 By wliich I mean to say continued the captain, ghing liis back hair a pull as though it were some boll-rope with which ho dosircd to ring up the invention or imagination that lay drowsy in his brain, 44 that if we aren't on to tlie Shark this side tlio Line it'll be better for us to tarn to and make up our mind to crack on all for Table Bay to be there afore iter, without further troubling ourselves about ber heaving in sight, though, of course, the same bright look-out '11 bo kept." 44 Good," said Wilfrid with a heavy emphatic nod; 44 that's not to be bettered, I think, Charles." 44 1 suppose," said I, addressing Finn, 44 that, though your hope will be to pick up tho Shark any day after a given period, and though you'll follow the scent of licr as closely as your conjecture of FidJcr's navigation will admit, you will still go on sweating — pray pardon this word in its sea sense, Miss Jennings — your craft as though the one business of the exjxxli- tion was to make tho swiftest possible passage to the capo of Good Hope ?" 4 4 Ay, never sparing a cloth, sir, and she's something to iockev. Mr. Monson. You don't know her yet, sir." 44 The Shark's a fore-and-aft schooner?" 44 Yes," he answered. 44 She carries a square sail, no doubt? " 44 Ay, a big 'un, but good only for running, and we ain't without that canvas, too, you must know," he added witli tlio twinkle of humour in liis gaze that 1 had observed in hiin when Wilfrid had first made him known to me. 44 Enough of it, Mr. Monson, to hold wind to serve a Dutchman for a week, not to mention a torpa'l and t'gaJlants'l fit for a line-o'- battle ship to ratcli under." This was vague talk, but it pleased Wilfrid. 44 Square yards arc very well," said I ; 44 but surely they don't allow a vessel to look up to it as though hov canvas was fore and aft only? I merely ask for in formation. My marine experiences were limited to square rigs." 44 There's nothen to prevent tho Bride from looking up to it as close as tho Shark," answered Finn. 4,The yards S1I b'c fore and aft ; what's to hinder them ? There ain't no spread, sir, like what you get in ships with your futtock rigging and backstays and shrouds in the road of the slings elbowing their way to dianncls big enough for a ball-room. Besides," he added, 44 suppose it should be a matter of a quarter of a pint's difference, wc need but stow tlie square clollis, and then wo ain't no worso off' than tho Shark." 44 True," said I. thinking more of Miss Jennings than of what Finn was saying : so perfect a picture of girlish beauty did she happen to be at that instant as she leaned on her elbow, supjwrting her chin witli a small white hand, hor form in a posture that left one side of her faco in shadow, whilst the oilier side lay bright, golden, and soft in the lamplight over the table. Sho was listening with charming gravity, and a countenance of sympathy whose tenderness was unira- ? aired by an appearance of attention that could not doubt was just a little forced, 6incc our sailor talk could not but be Greek to bcr. Besides, at intervals, there was a lift of the wliite lid, a gleam of the violet eye, which was like assuring one that thought was kept in the direction of our conversation only by constraint. I was beginning to feel the want of a cigar, and I had been sitting long enough now to make ine pine for a few turns on deck, but I durst not be abrupt in tlie face of my cousin's devouring stare at his skipper and the pathetic spectacle of the contending passions in him as he hearkened, now nodding, now gloomily smiling, now lying back on a sudden with a frown which he made as if to smooth out by pressing his lmnd to his brow. 44 The Shark" said I, 44 lias five days' start of us. Give her hundred miles a day, for tlie mere sake of argument ; she should be, at that, well in tlie heart, of the bay." 44 By heaven ! within arm's length of us, when you put it so ! " cried Wilfrid, extending his hand in a wild, darting, irrelevant gesture, and closing his fingers with a snap as though ui>on some phantom throat ho had seen and thought to clutch. 44 Five hundred miles," exclaimed Finn, apparently giving no heed to tho baronet's action. 44 Well, sir, as a bit of suppos ing, there's no harm in it. It might be more. / should allow less. There's been no weight of wind down Channel. What's happened, then, to blow licr along ? But there no telling. Anyhow," said he, picking up U1b cap and rising, 44 there's I nothing in five huudrcd miles, no, nor in a thousand, to make us anxious with such a race-course as lies afore us. 'Tain't as if we'd got to to catch the craft beioro she'd made Madeira." He paused, looking a little irresolute, and then said, addres sing Wilfrid, 44 1 don't know if there's anything more your honour would like to ask of mc?" 44 No, not for tho moment," answered my cousin dully, with the air of a man languid with a sudden sense of weariness or exhaustion following some internal fiery perturbation ; 44 it is just this, Finn. Mr. Monson served in the Royal Navy for a few years, and I was anxious that he should be at once made acquainted with your views so that lie and you could combine your experiences. You have chased in your time, Charles, no doubt? " 44 Not very often, and then always something that was in sight," I answered witli a slight glance at Finn, whose gaze instantly fell whilst lie exclaimed : "Well, sir, any suggestion you can make I'll be mighty thankful to receive. But it'll be all plain sailing. 1 don't doubt ; it'll be all plain sailing," he repeated, rumbling out tho words in a stifled hurri cane note, and, giving us a bow, he wont up the steps. Wilfrid gazed at me vacantly when I proposed a cigar on deck. 44 What do you think of Finn?" lie asked. 44 He seems as honest a man and as firactical a seaman as needs be. But lie las had command of this yacht since you bought her ? " He nodded. 44 Well, then, of course you know all about him. He lias clearly been a merchant Jack in his day, and has all necessary experience, I daresay, to qualify him for this charge. But, 1 say, Wilfrid, let us go on deck, my dear fellow. Miss Jennings, 1 am sure, will not object to the scent of a cigar in tho open air." 44 Nor down here either," she ex claimed. 44 1 shall rcmemlwr that," said I grate fully. 44 Now, Wilfrid, won't you— ?" 44 No," he interrupted ; " I am drowsy, and thank Heaven for a sensation that threatens to become a novelty. If I get no rest to-night it will be 1113' eighth of sleeplessness, and I must humour myself ; yes, I must humour myself," lie repeated, talking in a sort of muttering way, and rising. 1 advised him by all means to with- draw if ho really felt tired, and further recommended a boatswain's caulker of whiskey to top off the champagne and port lie had been swallowing. "How will you amuse yourself, Laura?" he exclaimed, turning to her. 44 It will bo dull work for you, I fear." 44 No, no," cried I blithely, 44 why need Miss Jennings be dull? It must be our business to keep her lively." 44 1 can sit and read here," said she, 44 till it is time to go to bed. What is the hour, Mr. Monson ? " 44 Just on the stroke of eight," said 1. Sho made a pretty little grimace, and then burst into one of her refreshing cordial laughs. 44 A little early for bed, Wilfrid," she exclaimed. He smothered a yawn and responded ' 44 1 will leave you to Charles. Would to heaven I had his spirits. God bless you both — good night. Ho rang for his valet and stalkcd-with hanging arms and drooping head, in the most melancholic manner picturablc, to his cabin. I asked Miss Jennings to accompany me on deck. 44 There is a moon in the air," said I ; 44 you mav see tlio li&za; of it throueh tliis porthole ; but I must not forget Lhat it is an autumn night, so let ine beg you to wrap yourself up warmly wliilst 1 slip on a pea-coat." I fancied she hung in tbe wind an in stant, as a girl might who could not promptly sec her way to walking the dock of a yacht alone with a young man on a moonlight or any other night, but sho assented so quickly in reality that I dare- say my suspicion was an idle and groundless bit of sensitiveness. Five minutes later we were on deck together. The ya'jht was floating through the dusk — that was tinctured into glimmering jioarl b3 tlio broad face of silver moon' which had already climbed several de grees above tlie black sky-line of the Islo of Wight — without the least perceptible stir or tremor in her frame. The wind was well abaft the starboard beam j the great uiain boom overhung the port quarter ; the white sail rose wan to.tlio moonshine with a large gaff' topsail above it — for those were the dajs of gaffs— dim ming into a space of airy faintness to the masthead, above tlie white button of whose truck you caught the icy gleam of a metal vane as though it was n piece of meteoric scoring under the dust of the 6tars that hovered in the velvet gloom like a sheet of undulating silver gloom ing out into hollows in places. Light as the breeze was, and following us besides, it held tho canvas asleep ; but that every cloud-likc cloth was doing its work, too, the ear quickly notod in the pleasant fountain-like sounds of running waters over the side, with a cool seething noise in the wake and a faiiy tinkling of ex ploding foam-bells. The land to port loomed black against the moonshine, save where some slope or other catching the slanting beam showed tho faint green of its herbage or wooded growths in a very phantasm of hue, like some verdant stretch of land dyeing an attenuated veil of vapour witnessed afar upon the ocean. Over tlio port bow I caught sight of a light or two a long way down the dusky reach, as it seemed, witli a brighter gleam tostarboard where tlie land, catching tbe moonlight, came in visionary streaks and breaks to aboara and on passed the quar ter where it seemed to melt out into some twinkling beacon — off Calshot Castle, maybe, so far astern it looked. 1 spied the sturdy figure of the mate standing beside the wheel, no longer steering, but manifestly conning tiieyacht. Tlie skipper was abreast of the skylight, leaning over the rail with liis arm round a backstay ; there were figures moving for ward tipping the gloom there with tbe scarlet points of glowing bowls of tobacco, but if they conversed it was in wliispcrs. The stillness was scarce imaginable. It was heightened yet even to my fancy presently when, growing used to the light 1 spied the phantom figure of what was apparently a large brig clouded to her royals with pale canvas stemming the Solent outward bound some half a mile distant. 44 There isnodew," said I ; 4 4 the moon shines purely, and is full of promise so far as fine weather goes. Well ! hero we are fairly started indeed. It is nlmo&ba; dream to me, Miss Jennings, d'3-0 know?" I continued, staring about me. 41 Three days ago I liad no notice of anything having gone wrong with niy cousin, ana therefore little dreamt, as you will sup pose, of what I was to enter upon tliis blessed afternoon. Three days ago 1 And now here am I heading into God knows what part of this mighty globe of oceans as empty of all theory of destination's though T were bound ip a balloon to the part the poets call inters teller space. How is it all to end, I wonder ? " She was pacing quietly by my side. 44 You think the pursuit a silly one, Mr. Monson ? " 44 Yes, I do, and Wilfrid knom that I do. If lie were not — he is my cousin, Miss Jennings, and a dear friend, and you are liis sistcr-in-law and dear to him, too, I am sure, and so I dare to be candid with you — if it were not that he — " 1 touched my forehead : 44 would he embark on such a quest as this ?" 44 Yes," she replied, with just enough of heat or temper, or whatever you like to call it, 111 her voice to render her utterance distinct with unconscious emphasis. 44 He adored his wife. Can a man tear his love into pieces in a da', as though it were no more than a tedious old letter? He thinks he hntcs her ; lie docs so in a seme, no doubt ; but in a sense, too, ho"still wor ships her. Mad I that is what you mean." I was beginning to protest. 44 Yes, it is what you mean, and you arc right and wrong. If he does not pursue her, if lie docs uot recover her, she is lost for ever ; sho is lost now, you will tell mo. Ay," sho cried with a little stamp, 44 lost so far as her husband's heart goes, so far as lier honour is concerned ; but not so utterty lost as she will later be if she is not rescued from that — that man, who must be so served, Mr. Monson, as to render it impossible for him ever again to trouble tho peace of another home, to break tho heart of a noble- minded creature and rob a little infant of its mother. Hate him ! Oh, girl as I am, I declare before my Maker 1 would shoot him with my own liaud 1 " There was nothing in tlio least degree theatrical in her way of speaking. The words came in a hurry to her lips from her indignant heart-, and I heard the sin cerity of them bo clearly in tlie mere utterance, I did not doubt for an instant that, put a pistol in her hand and set up tiic figure of the colonel in front of her, she would have sought for liis heart, if he hod one, with the barrel of tlie weapon without so much as a sigh at having to kill him. I felt abashed ; lier sincerity and resentment were overwhelming ; her strength of feeling, too, won a peculiar accentuation from tiic character of aiiy delicacy, of tender fragility, tho moon light gave to her fair and golden beauty. It was like listening to a volume of sounds poured forth by a singing bird, and won- dering that Buch far-reaching melody should be produced by so 6mall a creature. 44 1 fear," said I, 44 you don't think nib very sincere in my s;mpatliy with Wilfrid — " 4 'Oh, yes, Mr. Monson," she inter rupted ; 44 do not suppose such a thing. It is not to be imagined that you should take this cruel and miserable affair to heart as he does, or feci it as I do, who am her sister." 44 The truth is," said I, 44 it is impos sible for a bachelor not to take a cynical view of troubles of this sort. A was cliaiged with the murder of his sweet heart. The judge sud to hhn, 4 Had the woman been your wife, your guilt would not liave been so great, because you would have no other means of getting rid of her save by killing her ; but the unhappy creature whose throat you cut you could have sent adrift without trouble.4 What I mean to say is, Miss Jennings, that a husband does not merit half the pity tliat is felt for him if his wife elopes. He-is' easily quit of a woman who is his. wffe only by name. I am for pitying far.' The inevitable sequel, the disgrace, desertion, and the rest of it is as punctual as tho indications of the hand of a clock. . . _ But see how nimbly tiro Bride floats through all this darkness and quietude. We shall be passing that vessel shortly, and yet for canvas sho might really be ono of the pyramids of Egypt towing down Channel." Wo wont to the rail to look, I, for one, glad enough to change the subject, for it was nothing less than profanity to be arguing witli so sweet a little woman as this — in the pure white shining. of tho moon, too, and witli something of ah ocean freshness of atmosphere all about us — on such a gangrenous 'subject as the elopement of Lady Monson with Colonel Hope-Kennedy. -Out of all my sea-going experiences I could not . pick a fairer picture than was made hy the brig we were passing, clad as she was in moonlight, and rising in steam-coloured spaces to mere films of royals motionless under tbe stars. Sho was a man-of- war; the white of her broad band, that was broken by black ports, gleamed like the ivory of pianoforte keys ; her canvas was exqui sitely cut and act, and trimmod as naval men know how — one yard arm looking backwards a little over another, tbe rounded silent cloths, faint in the radiance with a gleam as of alabaster showing through a delicate haze, and high aloft the tremor of a pennant like the expiring trad of a shooting star. All was as hushed ns death upon Tier ; her high bulwarks con cealed her decks ; nothing was to be seen stirring along the whole length of the shapely, beautiful, visionary fabric that, as we left her slowly veering away upon our quarter, looked to lose the substance of her form, as though through the gradual absorption of the. light ber own white canvas made by the dear ancl lcy radiance of tbe soaring moon. 44 To think now," said I, "of the thunder of adamantine lips concealed within the silence of that heap of swim ming faintness ! How amaring the change from the exquisite repose she suggest to tho fierce crimson blaze end headlong detonation of a broadside flashing up the dark land and dying out miles away in a sullen roar. But dye know, Miss Jen nings, I shall grow poetical if I do not light another cigar. Women should en courage men to smoke. Nothing keep them quieter." We exchanged a few words with Cap-; tain Finn, who, together with the mate, was keepings bright look-out, and then resumed our walk, and, in a quiet chat that was ended only by a small bell on flu forecastle announcing the hour of traty four chimes, Miss Laura Ig are toe toe story of my cousin's in trod uctidn into her family, deBCribedJthe marriage, talkodto me about Melbourne andberhonie tben with more to the same purpose, sil very; interesting to me, though tt yould jroaVe the merest pariah gossip in prinV fier: mother was dead i herhitherwaaklfln man of sixty who had emigratecy$Jiare' beforo.indire poverty, .HaRyputw pose," aud ahe, 4>when ho was the eon of a who had a family of to pay for his hod made a fortune by had lost a considerable suin rttiahift! as Miss Laura hearing Lerfto use a Paddjiuuyih of her lip ; ror, bright was, tlio . sfl ver of it golden tot of i in which the 1 spathlejjke VadnfaaaKl > taised tjigin to her father waa very proud ImifciiiB daughter should become a lady of title, and yet he opposed the marriage, too. In short, he saw that Wilfrid's inmd was hot as sound as it should be, though he ; never .could point to any act or speech to justify his migiring8. But this was intel ligible enough ; for, to speak of my cousin as I remembered him in earlier times, toe notion yon got that he was not straight- headed, as I have before sud, waa from liis face, and the suspicion lay but dully is one, so rational was his behaviour, so polished and often intellectual his talk, till on a sudden it was sharpened into conviction on your hearing that there was . insanity in his mother's family. 44 What had Lady Monson to say to your father's misgivings ? " 1 inquired. 44 She accepted lum, and insisted upon marrying liim. Ho was wonderfully fond of her, Mr. Monson." 4 4 And she ? " I saw bcr give her head a little shake, but sbe made no reply. PerhapB she con sidered tliat tills trip we had Btarted on sufficiently answered the question. Sho said, after a brief pause, 44 1 myself thought iny father a great deal too critical in his estimate of Sir Wilfrid. No one talked more delightfully than your cousin. He was a favourite witli everybody whom lie mot at Melbourne. He -was fresh from his travels, and was full of entertaining stories and shrewd observations ; -and then, again, be bad much to say about European capitals, of English university life, of English society — you will not need mo to tell you that we colonials have little .. weaknesses in regard to lords and ladies and to the doings of high life, from which people inEngland arequite exempt, and for tlie having which I fear we are slightly sneered at and a good deal wondered at. I caught the sparkle of her lifted -eye. . 44 And pray, Bliss Jennings,' said 1, 44 wliat would your papa think if be were to know that you had embarked on what, I must still take the liberty of calling, a very queer voyage V 44 Oh," she cried quickly and almost hysterically, 44 don't ask me what he would t.hmif of what I am doing ! What will be his thoughts when he gets the- news of what Henrietta has donc She turned her head away from me, and kept it averted long enough to ' make me suspect that there was a tear in her eye. It was then that a sailor forward _ struck the forecastle bell four times. ' 44 Teno'clockl" sbc exclaimed, knowing / as an ocean traveller how to interpret sea time. "Good night, Mr. Monson/' I handed her down the companion- rteps, ; 2 and went to my own cabin, mid was pre- : i sentiy in my bunk. But it was after seven bells, JuOf-paat eleven, beforo l fell asleep. The breeze had freshened ; hfld drawn apparently more yet to the north warf,V- and tho' yacht having hanled It a bit no that we were out of the - Solent, V.sraa I leaning over trifle witor®- sputtering and frisky snapping <ff frtto aloi"her . bends and -a tpllet i 'j.' down into her heart out of toe boHowB cf . her canvas, whilst an occambnal oreA ;? ; -: breaking from one knew not vhat "jarioL : 7 tbe structure, hinted at a r tacks and sheets/- though there wasTno ; motion in the water ovex whoto Jmrface : jg our keel elided as steadily as a slegh. .over v a snow-covered plain.' . : It was one thing ontop of anothMyT suppose; the fancies puttoto nmbytoe Oddness of - thia adventure toe' inemqiy - f 'JM the Jong guh "Wilfrids Jragic 3 intentions, the datk&r; to.myiiundhefflnse/;! it was so oasy tor me to see hjqwenS, wrath. ajwnM cif Aifthnnnm/ hitter with impulses aot tmapna&e; which every tocmrence littie baby at home orould visit had quickened him of late tob desflly ' seminal principle ihat circulated; blood. Then "again, toere -wasGs Laura's beauty, 4f.-heauty ho the yrgper term tobxpress a'cbmbinatioiucffpEmtal charm&%hich abricf f eliritoos tontente like a tingle line from, tome would better convey than ifty TpegtirSff description ; her conversation; herym pathy. withtoe motivetojs.toip|r>- apjiaiWt heodl essness as to too timbhp, f?0 £ Occupied by it ; herindiffe6fflk»M"totob > magnitude of the programme resolutiohto recover his-wite , in franuilfTbWBaytoOTfljirotit a starting j>oint--I J on fop of another ; considerations being the spirit of lffeonewJclt|ntitaj3it, and that awakened1 toe Hmo&t; dbmiAfitS r puzzted wonder toaTl toonld . 4iaye ilsdnYrae until half-past evim: y1jideediw®! should havo snatched -a that first hlessed jhlghtis a rnyyMy r to be partially resolved byfffjingTOtt 2 wa&yonng;,heedie8s.4uneoitoered S as they soy, « lover jof adventure,'Aadfln no sense dissatisfied by found myself among. c,<. . -r$ To bewmtmuei.) 5.;- ! "a glass op wine, captain?" said SIR wilfrid. 