THE TEREOE OF THE PAPAL SCHOOLS. "While the Papal ecclesiastics are everywhere vainly uttering abominable slanders against the Public Schools, it would be a wholesome trouble if the parents of the children attending' Panal Schools were to procure what information they can glean, as to what is really taught in them, under the name of religious instruction. We have no doubt that many of the said parents would be astonished. We need not refer to that feature in the colonial branches of the Church of Eome, which Dr. Higgins so Btrongly illustrated of late, that the faith of the church is now no longer emphasised aB a thing to he maintained ; it iB the faith of Ireland, that iB on the prelates' lips: and the "faith of Ireland" means nothing else than hatred of England. If any one takes the trouble to look at the reading hooks, the spelling bookB, the geography, and the history of the Christian brothers, generally adopted by the day schools of the denomination, he will find a uniform system of setting down Ireland as the supreme land, both, in 'temporal and spiritual things, and England always aB her inferior, as well as being heretical. Dr. Higgins was perfectly correct when he blurted out that the object of building and carrying on denominational schools, was simply to teach " the faith of Ire- land," that is disloyality to the empire. We do not however anticipate any Eractical danger to the commonwealth om the inculcation of this vainglorious and fictitious " faith " in the superiority of Ireland. The delusion pleases them, Mid it does not hurt us. The denomina tion finds itself superior in numbers in our prisons and asylums ; and there only ; and their " faith " survives only in Btupid Mid flatulent declamations of spouters. But few people are really aware of the lessons that are taught to young children, as a part of religion, under papal bishops, priests, and nuns : and itis to thiB that we wish to direct the atten- on of parents. Indeed, not only par- ents, but the Government of the country ought to protect the little ones from the terrible torture involved in such lessons, know what evil arises from frighten- ing children by horrible stories of ghosts and hobgoblins. Some have become hopeless idiots, and multitudes have had their lives embittered by the haunting and fears, so wickedly engendered. Well, the Romanist teaching of children, at this day, and here amongst ourselves, is simply the logey system. The system of terror ; the deliberate attempt to haunt the imaginations of tender infants with devils, worms, awful stenches, burnings, and the writhing tortures of Hell. There are ghosts and hobgoblins in plenty ; but it is devilB that the " beautiful " little books delight in for exciting fear. If a child is broken in spirit by such terrors, he is an easy slave afterwards to all that the priest may dictate. . It was thus that it was truly said of the Jesuits through the Schools in France, that they found it a HOT.Irtn svt man nnri 4>h av mn4a i 4- n nni.An AJivvivsu ui AUuU uUU UUvjr UitVUG AU u LlablUU of hens. The favourite manuals for teaching children religion, of late, are the little halfpenny tracts called Father Furniss' looks for children. They are sold by the million, and are in the hands of all the children. Anyone can get them either separately, or bound together, at the Roman Catholic booksellers' shops. We venture to say that the perusal of some of those little books for children would make even Romish parents indignant. The shame and the cruelty of so abusing tender minds exceed all the abominations of Old Rome. Their name is legion. Take an instance. The monster who com piles, remembers that what a young child fears most is perhaps a heating. So he has a section in the " little book " called the sight of Sell, entitled " the Striking Devil." The devil, he tells the poor wean, struck Job only once, and all his body broke out in blains, &c.;, and the child was to learn from that " what a wonderful stroke the devil can give," and he adds — " Little child if you go to Hell, there will be a devil at your side to Btrike you. He will go on striking you every minute for ever and ever, without ever stopping. The first stroke will make your, body as had as the body of Job, covered from head to foot with sores and ulcers. The second stroke will make your body twice as bad as the body of Job. The third stroke will make your body three timeB as had as the body of Job. The fourth Btroke will make your body four timeB as had as the body of Job. How then will your body he, after the devil has been striking it every moment for a hundred millions of years without stopp- Even this eternal devil-beating is then said to be aggravated by the absence of any comforters like Job's. Later on in the same brochure we find the " Red Hot Oven," for Rather Furniss seems familiarly acquainted with every path, and every nook in the infernal " See,_it is a pitiful sight! The little child is in this red hot oven. Hear how it screams to come out. See how it turns and twists itself about in the fire. It beats its head against the roof of the oven. It stamps its little feet against the floor of the oven. Ton can Bee on the face of this little child what you can see in the faceB of all in Hell. Despair, desperate, and horrible !" what punishment would justly avenge iniquity of the priest who thus tampers with the innocent little children? And is it not blasphemy to invent such a slander against Jehovah, aB this infliction on "a little child?" No, 'Father' (!) Furniss thinks not. " God," he says " was very good to this child. "Very likely He foresaw that the child would get worse and worse, and would never repent ; and so it would have to be punished much more in Hell. So God in His mercy called it out of the world in its early childhood." The tender mercies of the wicked are cruel, hut the tender mercies of God to that little child, are exaggerations of cruelty. " In His mercy" the Popish fiction called God, took the poor child away, to torture it eternally in a red hot oven ! People say we worship the same God. Do we? The God whose cruelty is here lauded, and threatened upon the innocents, is certainly not the Jehovah whom we adore. If there were such a being, he would correspond rather with Moloch or Juggernaut. This is only a little specimen out of scores in these little books. We have no doubt that the design is deliberately to enslave by terror the infant mind, so as afterwards to ensure entire subservience to the priest hood. Terror is the father of supersti tion. 