LOCAL NEWS. _ BEWARE OF SNAKES -NOW that warm weather is setting in, people who have occasion to go where these venomous reptiles aro likely to be, should keep a sharp lookout for them. It is not often that we hear of them turning up in the centre of the town, but on Thursday last Mr. A. D. McKenzie, the head master of the Superior Public School, found one in the garden attached to his residence, and quickly gave it its quietus. It proved to be one of the brown species, and was about 4 feet 6 inches in length. MAITLAND BICYCLE CLUB -A meeting of gentlemen inter- ested in the healthful pastime of bicycling was held on Wed day evening, under the presidency of Mr. 3. L. Peyton, at Mr. J F. Barry's Commercial tlotel. It wa« determined to estab- lish a dub to be styled " The Maitland Bicycle Club," and Mr. Harry Cobley was appointed secretary and treasurer pro. tem. The project was taken up with so much heartiness that there is every prospect of the club enjoying a successful life. PROBABLE WEATHER.-OCT. 24.-Forecast: New South Wales-Fine and warm generally ; winds easterly on the ooast ; variable and veering lo north inland -H. O. Hassell. Vic- toria: Fine, with light and variable winds.-K. L. J. Ellery. South Australlia : Fine and warmer; light and variable winds, tending to north -C. Todd. Rain in previous 24 hours.-New South Wales: None. Victoria : Light in S.W. parts. A DEPARTURE,-Sayo the Parramatta Mercury, Tlios. H., more particularly known with the affix of Richardson, has " shook" the provorbial dust of Parramatta oil his No. 10's, and pegged out his claim in High-street, West Maitland. Although lie hailed directly lrom China, Thoa. H. woe a " white man" and a tradesman, and all the harm we wish him la that he may scoop in the dollars more abundantly up north than he has done here.-It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr. Richardson has commenced business in premises adjoining Messrs. Wolfe, Gorrlck, and Co.'s, in High-street, and judging from the foregoing, we should think he is not likely soon to take his departure. A SUCCESSFUX LADT STUDENT.-The Sydney Mail of this week gives among other portraits that of Miss Proctor, whose success will be satisfactory to Maitland friends of her family. Miss Procter, daughter of Mr. P. Proctor, of the Sydney Mern. ing lierait lUerary staff, was bora in Sydney ia July, 1871. Slnoe 1893 she has been a pupil of Ashford College, Potts Polat, of which Miss Gully ia the principal. Under the tuition of an able and efficient tpaching staff, she early won a good.position in the college, making rapid progress and taking a Urge share of the prizes awarded periodically, and eventually became the loading pupil. In 1887 Miss Proctor witta Miss Cameron obtalied the Fairfax prize in the University Junior Examination, and now, two years later, she has succeeded in winning the senior Fairfax prize In company with three other young ladies. ROAD MAKING AT BISHOP'S BRIDGE.-We have received a letter signed "Roadster," which complains of the manner ia which a certain contractor is allowed by the Superintendent to do the road work, and suggesting thtit this favouritism has un- worthy motives. We do not print the letter, because Its terms imply as much private pique as public spirit, and ne cannot allow our columns to be made the means for -expression of personal spite or envy. LICENSED FOR THE SALE OF POSTAGE STAMPS-It 1B offi- cially announced that Mr. Harry Emmerson, of the American Novelty Depot, High-street, West Maitland, has been licensed by the Postmaster-General for the sale of postage stamps. ROAD RAYMOND TERRACE TO MOO»T KANWARY/.-The following official letter will explain itself-.-" Department of Public Works, Sydney, 10th October, 1889. Sir,-Referring to your letter of the 18tli ultimo, enclosing a communication from Mr. J. Pearn, of Nelson's Plains, in regard to the state of the road from Raymond Terrace to Mount Kanwary, I am directed to inform you that, in view of the urgenoy of the matter, the Secretary for Publia Works has approved of a grant to the Trustees of a sum of £100 for expenditure upon the road in question.-I have, &c.;, J. BARLING, Under-Secretary. M. MnBio Won W I» .* EAST MAITLAND POLICE CODIIT -Before Messrs Brooks, P M, and F S Isaacs, J P, at the East Maitland police court, on Wednesday, Martin Hill was brought up in circumstances denoting derangement of mind Defendant was given into the custody of Sergeant Forrest by his brother, who gave evidence as to his state of miud Be was remanded for medical treat- ment tor one week, but it was found his condition was such that it became necessary to order his removal to an asylum He was consequently brought before Dr Spink, sad James Carlton, J P, on Thursday when Drs Blackwell and S A Alcorn certified that tho defendant was of unsound mind and unfit to be discharged The Bench ordered his removal to Gladesville - Yesterday Messrs Brooks, P M, and Joseph Cunningham, J P occupied the Bench A stago coach lloense was granted to Henry Fry. That was th» only business MAITLAND SCHOOL OF ARTS - RECOGNITION OF SERVICES. \- At a meeting of the committee of the Maitland School of Arts, Mr H G Dodds, who has taken a lively interest in the aflairs of the institution, by force of circumstances, mainly due to indisposition, was forced to retire from the position. His resignation was accepted with regret and the Secretary directed to communicate with him on the subject of his retire- ment. The following letter has been addressed to Mr Dodds: " The committee of the West Maitland School of Arts desire to convey to you their best thanks for your services in connection with the institution as a member of the commitee, and in doing so they sincerely regret that you should have been com- pelled to resign in circumstances over which you have had no control. Each and every member speaks in highest terms of commendation of your interest in the welfare of the institu- tion, and their desire is that you may be long spared to enjoy the many privileges of this life, and above all regain your former state of health. " MESSRS OWEN AND BECKETT'S GROCERY ESTABLISHMENT. -Expansion of trade has forced Messrs. Owen and Beckett to make some desirable alterations in their grocery department. The removal of one of the counters has given increased space, which has been utilised to the best advantage. The shop has been re- arranged, and further shelving supplied, which gives the firm full opportunity for the display of goods which were formerly hid from the gaze of constituents. On the seoond floor improvements have also been made, and an apartment specially reserved for the manager of the grocery business, Mr H G Dodds. MRS r WILKINSON'S ART UNION -Some time since we noticed a few of the oil and water colour pictures which Mrs r Wilkinson was preparing to dispose of by art union The whole number of prizes has now been completed, and the pic- tures are hung in a room in Mr W. T Poulton'« establishment in High street, West Maitland There are thirty subjects, including bits of bush scenery, water views, landscapes, moon light effects on earth and sea, etc Among the moro notably artlstio pictures, that Bet apart tor the first prize will inevitably ni tract attoi tion It is a view of portion oi Sydney harbour in willoh the characteristic beauties are well brought out Resi- dents of the Hunter district will feel a special interest in the pic- tures of Duckenfield and Aberglasslyn, and in the moonlight and daylight view of part of Lake Macquarie Blue Mountain scenery has been effectively treated in two fine water colour sketches, and among the bush views we specially like a bush road which is a gem of faithful detailed work, the ' Long Hoad,' and two Sictures of the country about Ivanhoe vineyard " The Long leach" and ' On the Coast at Bulli" are fine specimens ot sea scape Altogether, the collection Is worth a visit from those who like good pictures, and indicates at once the taste, skill, and diligence of the artist THE HON J N BRUNKER -His numerous friends will re- joice to learn that the health of the Minister of Lands has somewhat improved The hon gentleman, however is far from well mia it IB felt by close acquaintances that Mr Brunker should enjoy further rest from work and the onerous duties whioh a zealous discharge of his ministerial functions has cast upon bim No gentleman who has occupied the office of Minister of Lands has stuck so closely to the post The public has leaped the advantage, but It has been at the coat of Mr Brunker's health It was the intention of the member for East Maitland to remain at Lake Macquarie for some days, acting on the advice of the medical gentleman whom he consulted, but so desirous is Mr Brunker that departmental work should not be in arrears-It is generally known that every obligation be undertakes is done in the most thorough fashion-that the Minister purpnscB returning to town to-day, and while his col- leagues are enjoying themselves elsewhere, he will be in his office on Monday. THE RECENT ACCIDENT ON TIIE RAILWAY.-We omitted to mention that Mr. R. W. Thompson, solicitor, appeared for the guard at the inquest held on the unfortunate young man O'Brien, who was killed on the railway at East Maitland. THE FonTiicojriNG CAVALRY TOURNAMENT.-His Ex- cellency the Governor, Sir Henry Parkes, and officers of the Military service have promised their patronage on the occasion of tile second cavalry tournament and military sports to be held on Saturday, the Oth November, under the dfreotion of the Hunter River Light Horse. A cnpltal programme is put forward, and judging from the entries already received, it promises to be the grandest gathering organised in the Northern district. H. R. N. S. N. Co.-The Namoi, after her half yearly over- haul, did a trial trip on Thursday, doing over 14} knots an hour. She left Sydney on Friday (last night) for Morpeth, which place she again leaves at twelve o'clock to- day (Saturday.) The accommodation for passengers on the Namoi is In splendid order, and travelling can be done in circumstances of great comfort. CATERPILLARS -The farmers of Loohend with many others were heavy losers by the late flood, and now that they are just recovering from the oflects of that visitation they are threatened with another scourge, viz., caterpillars, which have been put- ting in vigorous work in the neighbourhood. Some of the farmers have been compelled to sow their crops of lucerne two and three times, whilst oats, wheat, and maize have also been gradually disappearing before these pests. Meesra. Atkinson, Tracey, Curtin, Grant, and Watters have been very heavy losers. It is also feared that the crop of new potatoes will be injured, and in addition to the agriculturist* roany vignerons In the district complain of the havoo oreated by the ravenous visitors SALE OF THE CHARLTON ESTATE.-Farmers, graziers, speculators, and others are reminded that the sale, by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, of the well-known Charlton Estate, will take place to-day (Saturday), at twelve o'olook, at the Cale- donian Hotel, Singleton. This One grazing and agricultural property contains some 2530 acres ot first-class land, ii approxi- mate to the town of Singleton, and has been judiciously sub- divided into 0 lots, ranging from 40 acres to 036 acres each, 8 of which have a frontage to Wollombi Brook. The Charlton Estate has for years been known as one of the most productive properties In the Singleton district, and its sale at the present juncture, offers a splendid oportunlty to the email capitalist for investing his capital to the best possible advantage. The adver- tisement elsewhere gives further particulars.-CommunicatoJ. CLEAUINO-OUT s ALB.-We direct attention to the sale, by Mr. O. K. Young, this (Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock, at the residence of Mr. wat. Bolt, sen., Lorn, of a quantity of house bold furniture, kitchen utensils, and sundrie«. See advertise menu-Communicate!, THE EXTRA SHEETS or THE " MERCURY."-The third shoe of Ulla day's paper contains :-Advertiaements ; Poetry "Good-bye;" continuation of taloa "A Waif of the Sea," and " The Treasure Thieves ;" Legal Uantcr and Kepartee : " My Peor Chest;" the Farm and Garden; The Arizona Kicker; He only Borrowed a Horse ; A Ghost Story ; Tired.-Tho second sheet contains-Advertisements ; Sporting Gossip, by Th» Vagrant; A Tax on Land Values-, Morpeth Sabbath School; District New«-Merriwa, Lostock, Girvan, Goolhi. Bando, Gresford, Copeland, Gilgal; Bankruptcy; Origiral Correspondence; Editorial Article; Church of England Defenoe Association ; Mr. Bowser again ; Weat Maitland Polioe Court ; An Electric Fence ; Mr. Dowsel's Wedding; A Cool Customer; Mercura Junior; Sir Henry Parkes on Australian Federation; Our Newcastle Letter; New South Walea Rifle Association; Sydney Commercial Intelligence; London Markets ; Mr. Egeson'a Weather Predictions. HERB NEBFELD writes by last mail that one of his pianos has been selected as solo instrument by the great professors of music at the musical fetes now going on in Berlin, and the press is loud in its praise of the brilliancy of tone, delicacy of touch, &c.; J. HART of Maitland, sole district importer, always has a full stock of these celebrated pianos, from cottage to semi- grand, and offers them to the public retail at wholesale prices or liberal time payment. 637 THE REV. H. T. HOLLIDAY.-Last evening the Rev. Mr. Holliday, who has been doing duty for the incumbent of St. Mary's for some three months past, to enable Mr, Tarrington to take a well earutid holiday, left Weat Maitland for O'connell, jiear Bathurst, the parish in which he has laboured for a long time. During his brief sojourn here the rev. gentleman has made many friends, and carries away with him the good wishes of the parishioners of St. Mary's. On Sunday evening Mr. Holliday preached his farewell sermon in West Maitland to u very large congregation. His discourse was based upon these words : " There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the fle3h, but after the Spirit." Romans viii., 1. In the course of his sermon, the rev. gentleman, after dwelling on the fundamental principles of gospel truth, justi- fication, sanctification and redemption, which led the Christian to the goal mentioned in the test, said, speaking of the work of preaching the g03pel which was committed to ministers :-" I am grate- ful for the privilege of association with you in this work. Very helpful has been this bond of Chris- tian sympathy, and among the years of my ministry I shall value very highly the three months spent at St. Mary's. There is ample cause for gratification to your esteemed pastor and energetic church- wardens and christian workers. They desire your eternal happine33, and I beg you to prove the ?truth of my words, and the love of Christ Jesus. If I have gained your tsteom, prove your sincerity by adopting this text as a memento, and know by this blessed experience what it is say and feel, " There is now no condemnation.' " ROAD, BOLWARRA FAEHS.-At the request of Mr. R. Scobie, M.L.A., wo publish, for tho in- formation of our Bolwarra readers and others, the following official letter:-"Department of Public Works, Sydney, 22nd October, 1889. Sir,-Re- ferring to your letter of the 11th instant, requesting that a grant may be made to assist the farmers of Bolwarra in repairing the road from that place, from near Bowden's farm on the West Mait- land and Paterson road to its junction with the East Maitland and Paterson road, I am. directed to inform you that the Secretary for Public Works has approved of a sum of J6100 being granted for the purpose in question.- I have, etc., J. BARLING, ' Under Secretary. R. Scobie, Esq., M.P., Oak- hampton Road, West Maitland." MB. W. M. MANLY.-Persons who have had to do with the engineering department of the G. N. .Railways during the past few years must have come in contact with Mr. W. M. Manly, who was ever courteous and obiiging to all enquirers, and without doubt a careful, painstaking, and efficient Govern- ment official. This gentleman, having left the railway service, has boen induced to commence the practice of his profession, and has opened offices in Hunter-street, Newcastle, where he will bo happy to supply clients with the fullest possible informa- tion in his business as civil engineer and mining and licensed surveyor. Mr. Manly has during his career been the recipient of numerous very flatter- ing testimonials from gentlemen competent to form an opinion as to his ability in any of the above subjects. From what we know of Mr. Manly we should predict for him a prosperous career, for his vast experience as an engineer, surveyor, etc., can- not fail to prove valuable to persons in quest of reliable information. Mr. Manly s private residence, is Lawes-street, East Maitland, and he may be consulted as per advertisement in another column at either Newcastle or East Maitland. STATIONS AND SELECTIONS.-One of the most useful time saving little articles of modern times is the Improved Binocular Field Glass. They take in a very large field, and are instantly focussed. A sheep may be seen at six miles readily. Price, 30s ; for smaller fields and warranted effective up to three or four miles, 17s 6d, 20s, 25s. They will often save you a run, and are fast becoming a necessity. J. HABT, of West Maitland, has just received a fresh supply. Post free everywhere, 3G7 THE NEW ZEALAND EXHIBITION.-On Thursday Captain Marzin-Espinasse, R.N.R., called on us to request that we would mention his visit to the Hunter .District in connection with the New Zealand Exhibition. He is anxious to enlist the interest of producers who may desire to show their wares at the Exhibition, and his address in Sydney is 81, Phillip-street. The exhibition is a private venture of a number of New Zealand colonists, but is recognised by the Government as an official cele- bration of the jubilee of the colony. The Govern- ment has also erected a portion of the buildings, and has issued invitations to other Governments to be officially represented. The objects of the exhibi- tion are to practically illustrate the resources of New Zealand during the first half century of her existence, in comparison with the progress made by other colonies, British and foreign ; to stimulate industry and promote intercolonial commerce ; to strengthen the natural ties that connect all the colonies in the South Pacific Ocean, and to call attention to their position and potentialities. It is intended to open the Exhibition to the public on Tuesday, November 2G, and to close about the middle of April, 1890. We hope the fertile Hunter River district will not go unrepresented at this great show. CARGO MOVEMENTS.-The barque Noddlebnrn, hence to London, cleared at the Customs on Wednesday with 4631 bales wool, 338 casks tallow, 1575 hides, 5 cases furniture, 1805 ingots dross, 1082 bags ashes, 9G7 bags chrome ore, 13^ tons shankbones, 13,500 horns, 7 tons hoofs, and GO packages machinery. The steamship Ghazee cleared at the Customs for London, via ports, with 2218 bales wool, 1363 bags matte, 2422 ingots tin, 1017 bars silverlead bullion, 2 bars silver aud gold bullion, 429 cases pearahell, and 4 cases curios. The China Navigation Company's steamer Changaba arrived from Hongkong. She has about 500 tons of tea and 100 tons of general cargo for this market. CRICKET.-The following will represent the Albion C.C. in the match against 15 of the Northumberland C.C. on the Albion ground to-day, 2 o'clock sharp :-Blaxland, Bowden, Callachor, Deane, Giles, Trwin, Lipscomb, Matton, McGlinchey, | Norman, Onus, W. Lindsay, 12. j IMPROVED MECHANISM.-Nothing shows the march of progress more than the " Reliance' Key- less Lever Watch. It has all the advantages of costly watches, and avoids all their complications. The construction is so simple that it seldom gets out of order, and will never be costly to the owner. Parts can be replaced without fitting, repairs rarely cost more than 2s. Gd., and never mere than 5s. Cases are dust-proof, and wind and set without opening. Neat and handy ; a heap of value for 25s. Post, Is. extra. J. HART, Maitland only. 3G7 THE NEW BISHOP OP TASMANIA.-Hobart, Wed- nesday. The Right Rev. H. H. Montgomery, the Anglican Bishop of Tasmania, and family arrived from England to-day by the s.s. Tainui. An official deputation consisting of the Dean and Archdeacon and lay members, and also the Governor's private secretary, the Mayor, and a number of citizens, met the Bishop on the wharf and gave him a hearty welcome. TheJ Bishop drove| to the deanery, and afterwards dined at Government Hous». The en- thronement takes place cn Tuesday next. ARRIVAL OP R.M.S. ARCADIA.-Albany, Thurs- day: The P. and O. R.M.S. Arcadia, Andrews commander, arrived from Colombo at 6 a.m. The following are her passengers : To Sydney:-Mr. Younger and wife, Mr. Freeman and wife, Mr. Forrest and wife, Mr. Osborne and wife, Mr. Crass weller and wife, Mr. Bolger and wife, Mr. Hopson and wife, Mr. Harrison wife and family (3), Mr. Meadmore wife and son, Mr. Richardson and wife, Messrs. Cocksedge, Lyons, Rowbotham, Ogilvie, Robb, Law, Moore, M'Intyre, (wife and child), Rowan, Valentine, Lloyd, Forbes, Palkcewalla, Lingee, Thomson (2, and daughters), Mrs. Adams, Misses Biddulph, Hutton, Howson, Major, and Wade, Captain Mitchell. In addition, 162 passen- gers for all ports came ia other classes.-Echo. 