The Midnight Prophecy or, Heir of Strathspey Towers. By Emma Garrison Jones. Chapter XXXVI, (continued.) Judith Finds a Clue. Now, Lord Angus was a black sheep, but it does not follow that he was an ill- looking one, or any less a favorite with the feminine portion of his acquaintances. Men detested him, as they always do a rogue and a reprobate, no matter what might be their own private feelings: but ladies as a general rule, fancied him, for Lord Angus was handsome, after a fashion, and grace- fully impudent, and more than all he was an earl in prospective. He opened the ball with Lady Cecilia and her ladyship never in all her life looked more dazzling. The dance over, she sought the earl, his father, and found him on the balustrade, staring out at the silent, starlit hills. Now, my lord earl, said the graceful lady, laying a light hand on his arm; is this complimentary? I invite you to my ball; you come, and I find you out here star-gazing. The earl turned and faced her, and his gloomy eyes brightened. Her sheeny robes and glinting jewels, and her bright, bewitching face made such a picture. I beg your ladyships pardon, he said, but I am in no mood for gayety to-night; yet, he added, gallantly, the sight of you, like the sun, has driven away half my gloom already. Then let me drive away the other half, she said, gaily, as she took his arm; I'm not going to have you sulking through the evening. Come, we'll look in at my flowers; Sir Varney had them arranged only yesterday, and we'll get back to the music-room in time for the redowa. I opened the ball with your son, he's a charming dancer. I am glad to hear it, relied the earl, bitterly, he needs to be charming in some- thing. Why, Lord Strathspey, for shame, she cried, her wicked eyes dancing, he's very agreeable, and a decidedly handsome young man, I'm sure. I'm glad to hear it, Lady Cecilia, replied the moody earl. Oh, you're ill-tempered, Lord Strath- spey, she said, pettishly, and I don't allow gentlemen to be cross with me — what's the matter, what can I do to comfort you? I am past being comforted, Lady Drum- mond! They had entered the greenhouse, and she turned from him an instant and broke off a cluster of creamy white rosebuds, which emitted a rare, sweet odor. Angus, she said, returning to his side again, with the fragrant cluster in her white fingers and her lovely bewildering face all tremulous with tender emotion, Angus, have you quite forgotton the old days when you and I were young together? Don't you remember how you would come to me when you were vexed or troubled and I always had power to soothe and comfort you? Let me be the same friend now, let me help and comfort you. Her pleading face, her tremulous, dulcet voice, the touch of her white hands as they clasped his arm, and the subtle odors of the flowers, half bewildered the poor, re- morse- stricken, sorrow-wearied nobleman. His cold heart thrilled at the mention of his youth. Ah me, he sighed, mournfully; if we could go back to those days Lady Cecilia, I might hope for health and comfort, but now — there's nothing for me but despair and death. You shall not say so, dear friend, the white hands tightening their clasp, the glowing face and melting eyes drawing nearer and nearer; there's health and comfort yet. I know how it is; I know all about this lonely, dreary, desolation — her eyes filling with tears, that made them all the brighter, her red lips quivering — yet I won't give up to despair. But oh, Angus, she added, giving way to an out- burst of passionate emotion, what a pity it is that we ever parted, you and I, were such true friends and we were so happy; and all these after days have been so un- bearably miserable. The earl gazed at her hidden face and drooping figure in utter amazement, and then his eyes began to soften. It is hard for even a British peer to \- and the blandishments of a woman like my Lady Cecilia. I wish to heaven we never had parted, he burst out, scarcely conscious of what he had said. If we never had, I should have been spared many an hour of shame and agony. She started, and brushed the tears from her cheeks. Oh, Lord Strathspey, I beg your par- don, she cried, with well-affected inno- cence. I don't know when I was so over- \- pity for your sorrows stirred up my \- it pass and be forgotten, please. And now, she continued, smiling, with \- tear-drops on her long lashes, here \- put roses setting the creamy \- in his button hole; you used to \- long ago. You see I remember \- ; and now I am not going \- moping one bit — you shall \- ! Your troubles are well \- of hapiness may yet be — \- shook his head, but she led him - through the dim, flowery aisles, at \- ghost, like an April day, after -ry gloom. Through the wilderness of blooming flowers, with the musical plash of foun- tains, and the song of birds in his ears; and more entrancing, more bewildering \- with her white hands clasping his and her sparkling face almost touching his shoulders, and her soft sweet whispers soothing him, the Earl of Strathspey wandered, half forgetting his soorows, half forgetting that fond, true heart that broke and bled in solitary confinement, and feeling the blood thrilling through his veins with something of its old fire and ardor. Lady Cecilia watched him, with exul- tant glances, from beneath her raven lashes. The hour of her triumph was at hand; the hour for which she had planned and waited for hall her life-time; and now, at the last, when her revenge was almost within her grasp, her heart began to relent and soften, and the old girlish love, the only love she had ever known, to reassert itself. They returned to the ball-room in time for the redowa, but Lord Strathspey de- clined to dance. The honor of your hand is a great temptation, Lady Drummond, he said, gallantly, but for me to dance would be worse than mockery. I shall never dance again. Lady Cecilia pouted and shrugged her pretty shoulders, and Lord Angus, chanc- ing to pass near at the moment, she cried out, wilfully: My lord, your father, is so very un- gallant that he refuses to dance with me, and here I stand without a partner. The young man was at her side in a twinkling. If your ladyship will allow me the honor? he said, with a bow and a smile, as he proffered her his arm. She accepted it, shaking her fan at the earl, and away they floated, as the instru- ments broke out with a crash. Lord Strathspey stood and watched them with a hard, bitter look in his eyes. That son, for whose sake he had wrecked his own happiness, was a sore thorn in the flesh to him, a humiliation and disgrace. Only a few months before he had paid out a snug little fortune to liquidate his debts, and every day brought some new story of his dreadful dissipation and dis- graceful liaisons. I wonder what marriage would do for him? the earl thought, as he followed him with moody, troubled eyes. A man of his calibre never reforms; his brutality and coarseness would break any woman's heart. And he's my only son — the last one of all my noble race! Great heavens, I wonder if the earth holds another man so utterly accursed as I am! A troop of masked figures were crowd- ing past him, and all at once a voice rang in his ear like a trumpet, and again he heard the fearful words, which years before had predicted a felon's fate for his own son! The earl grew ghastly white, gasped for breath, and after one horrible, dizzy moment fell like a log to the floor. Chapter XXXVII. Lady Cecilia's Crime. It was late in May, and Lord Strath- spey had been lying ill at 'The Firs' for a couple of weeks. His malady was brain fever, of a most agravated type, and the medical men would not suffer him to be moved. Moreover, Lady Drummond would not agree to it. He was one of her oldest friends, and she felt it a privilege to be able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless man that he was! The earl was very ill, an in imminent danger of death. The grave doctors warned Lady Neville that she must be pre- pared for the worst. She and Lady Pearl were permanently established at 'The Firs,' until the crisis of the disease should be over. Sir Bayard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in a soli- tary state at the Towers, riding over to Lady Drummond's every day to learn how his father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final crisis was at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming in panting gasps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on her knees in her own chamber, and poor little Pearl had sobbed herself into a troubled sleep; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man's pillow. She stood and watched him with a kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her hands locked, her white teeth set; her black eyes glittering. It was her work, and yet at that moment she would freely have given the soul from her body to undo it. The tiny French clock on the mantel ticked away the laggard moments, and the doctors stood like so many statutes, scarcely seeming to breathe. Lady Cecilia's eyes never once left the white, death stricken face. Oh, if he might live, if he might live, was the one cry of her heart. She could not pray. She knew no God, she had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in life! And in that terrible moment, all her love, fierce and selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clock struck for midnight, and the doctors exchanged glances. For one moment their patient lay breathless, his eyes closed, his hands lying limp and white on the coverlid. Then there came a sudden gasping sigh, the sealed eyelids fluttered, the laboring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon the sufferer like a benediction. He'll live, said the doctors, in a breath, the danger's past! Lady Cecilia uttered a cry of joy, and fled away to her own chamber to weep the passionate tears she could not restrain. Her paroxysm of emotion over, she flung the casement wide open, and sat down to reflect. All her mad, selfish, passionate nature was in a tumult, but supreme above every other feeling was her love, the love which neglect and coldness and time has failed to subdue. She has worked for her revenge upon this man who had played her false, and in the end, when her way was clear, she found the old love rising up, stronger even than her hate. She bared her queenly-head to the night winds, and raised her troubled gaze to the silent, starlight sky, and let her thoughts rove back to those early days, when her hopes were so bright. I could win him yet, she said, at last, between her set teeth, I could wear the coronet I always coveted, if I were only free. She hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant whisper, and her eyes wandered through an open door into the chamber where poor old Sir Varney lay. The benignant, generous old man, with a heart as tender and simple as a child's, and only one failing, his weak indulging love for the woman who was his wife. Her eyes wandered toward the chamber full of passionate scorn and contempt. She could see him lying on his couch, his silver hair streaming over the pillow and around his peaceful face. The old dotart! she murmured, her fine lips curling. Will he live for ever, I wonder? I married him for his gold — why can't he die now, and set me free — why can't he? In the soft spring moonlight that streamed through the casement her face looked like the face of a beautiful fiend. I could win him. All things prosper with me. I could be Countess of Strath- spey yet, if I were only free! She uttered the words in a kind of breathless way, and her fascinated gaze still sought Sir Varney's chamber. Once in her mind, the horrible idea seemed to possess and control her. She arose softly and crossed into the room on tiptoe. Strong and healthy — he'll live for ever! she uttered, gazing down upon the sleep- ing baronet's face; and I am bound to him. What a fool I was! Not even his gold and title were worth this. Why can't the old fool die? Once give way to a temptation and it haunts you to the end. Lady Drum- mond's face grew white and set in the misty moonlight, and her eyes began to glitter with a baleful light. Why not? she murmured, in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. Better women than I am have done as bad. I can't live on, fettered to an old dotard — I cant — I won't. The passionate whisper half roused Sir Varney; he turned on his pillow and mur- mured incoherently. She watched him with burning eyes till he relapsed into sleep; then she crossed the room and entered a small closet, fitted out like a cabinet, with innumerable rows of bottles on the shelves. One of these she selected — a tiny, slender vial, filled with a whitish kind of mixture — and putting it in her bosom, re-locked the cabinet and returned, to the chamber. Sir Varney was stirring again, and slightly moaning, as if in pain. Presently he raised himself to a sitting posture, and his eyes fell upon his wife. Why, Cecilia! he said, in the kind voice with which he always addressed her; why are you up so late child? What's matter? Is the earl worse? No; he's better, Sir Varney. Well, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my love, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a strange, unpleasant sensation! I must have had a rush of blood to the brain, or something of the kind. His wife arose with alacrity. She had hearkened to the voice of the tempter, and he was prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. She crossed to the little table upon which the wine service stood, and turning her back upon her husband, poured out a glass; then, without an instant's hesita- tion, she drew the little vial from her bosom, and removing the cork, poured about half the whitish mixture into the wine. It was all done, and the vial re- hidden in her bosom, in the space of a breath. Will you drink it undiluted, Sit Varney? she asked, approaching the bed. Yes, my dear, I'll take it just so. I'm feeling miserably weak. She put the glass in his hand, and he drained it at a draught. Why, child, he said, it has a bitterish taste, or perhaps my tongue's fevered. There, that will do, as she smoothed out his pillow. Thank you, my love, and I'm sorry to have troubled you. Go to bed now — please do. You'll be ill to-morrow, and I don't like to see my darling's checks pale. She turned to leave him, and had half- crossed the room, when he called her back. Cecilia, he said, I'm foolish and childish to-night. Won't you kiss me once before you go? I believe if you do I shall be able to sleep. She turned back, and kissed him with- out a word. My beautiful darling, my own, own wife, he murmured, stroking her head caressingly. She hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully white and horror-stricken. I am free — I am free, she whispered, in a dazed sort of way, as she entered her own apartment and locked herself in. Chapter XXXVIII. In Which Lord Anges Falls from His Horse and Falls in Love. The following morning was one of great rejoicing at 'The Firs,' for Lord Strath- spey was pronounced out of danger. All he needed — so said the doctors — was quiet and skilful nursing. Lady Neville and Lady Drummond met in the breakfast parlor, the latter looking rather haggard, and suffering terribly from sick headache, as she averred. The tempting meal was already served up, the fragrant chocolate moking in its silver urn. I wonder why Sir Varney is so late? remarked Lady Drummond, breaking a spring of heliotrope from a pot in the win- dow and fastening it in Lady Marguerite's hair; 'tis something unusual for him. Dennis — to the waiter — will you run up and say to Sir Varney that breakfast awaits him? She turned her face from the light as she spoke, and began toying a trifle nervously with Lady Marguerite's tassel. I hope, my love, she said affectionately, you'll be able to eat your breakfast this morning, now that your dear papa is so much better. I declare, dear Lady Neville she is growing quite thin. That she is, responded her ladyship. I shall ask Doctor Heatherleigh to pre- scribe for her to-day. The child's worried herself ill. I shall soon be well now, dear aunt, smiled Pearl, but with overflowing eyes, without any help from Doctor Heather- leigh. You mustn't lose your roses, continued Lady Drummond, playfully. What will Sir Bayard say when he returns? The young girl shrank away with a pained and embarassed air at mention of Sir Bayard's name, and Lady Neville was regarding her in wondering surprise, when the hurried entrance of a servant called her attention in another direction. It was the woman Dundas, now Lady Drum- mond's maid. Her face was white and her eyes wide with horror. My Lady, she cried, there's something awful happened. Try to compose yourself. The baronet—— Lady Drummond reeled where she stood and gasped once or twice for breath. In her grave she would never look more ghastly. What is it? she cried, at last, as the servants came pouring in with affrighted faces. Dundas, speak! what has hap- pened? My lady, Sir Varney is dead in his bed. I am free, gasped Lady Cecilia, under her breath, and with a low, strange cry she dropped down on the carpet in a dead faint. (To be continued.). 