Artemus Ward's' Ghosts. :HOW TIIE GR?ET AM]EIICAX IUMORIST 'HAPPENED TO BECOME A LECTOBURE It may be interesting to know how the great humorist came to take to the lecture platform, when, before his great success in that line, he had confined himself exclu sively to the pen ; and, as I had a finger in the pie, I will relate it, writes J. W. Wat son in the North American Reriew. About thirty years ago there was a paper pub lished in this city by several brothers named Stephens, called raaity Fair, having for contributors such men as Thackeray, Fitz James, O'Brien, George Arnold, Henry Stanley, and, in fact, all the literary. talent of the country, with editors such as Charles G. Leland, Henry Clapp and Frank Wood, and yet it was plain that the public did not want it, and it was about to give up the ghost, when the publishers consulted me as to what they should do. My advice was to get. an editor who was well known for his comic proclivities, and advertise him as 'connected with the paper, and I.declared there were -only - two men in the. whole country who filled the bill-John G. Saxe and Artemus Ward, whose real name I' did not then know.- I knew that Saxe could not.be had;as he was a candidate for Go. vernor of Vermont; therefore the publishers empowered me to correspond with Artemus aiid offer- him 30 dollars per week 'and itravelling expenses to comelto Nev York as `the new ;editor. The response was. im mediate acceptande, and 25 dollars and two weeks' salary were forwarded-he after. ward told me, the offer was a godsend, as he was getting but 10 dollars a week on the Clereland Piaindraler, as a reporter-and in a few days Browne arrived in New York and assumed the chair. The paper lan gaisbed on for a few months, and then went the way of all funny papers. One day, when this had happened, I was walking up Broadway and regretting the result, for I had become very much attachei to Browne. He was talking about going back to Cleveland and resuming his old posi tion, when I suggested to him that he might try lecturing. At this he laughed, declaring himself totally unfit, not being able to speak in public at all, and having no subject. I insisted, and gave him as a subject, " Ghosts," New Xork at the time being very much exercised over a foolish humbug got u?p in the newspapers and. called ,"The 'Twenty-seventh Street Ghost." Before we parted Artemus had promised to write such a leCture, and to meet a knot of literary and artist friends the next eveiing at Platss, on Broadway, cnear Bleecker street, a ,noted restaurant and resort of Bohemians, and read what le had writtenri. He came with about half iris effort, and for three- quarters of an hour the party was literally in a roar. He called it " A Lecture About Ghosts," and no small part of the fun was that there was not a word about ghosts in it. The next day he finished it, and then the question was to bring it out. I knew an actor, and sometimes manager, by the name of De Walden, then part of the old Wallack Com pany, who had some money, and I managed to get him interested. He took Niblo's saloon, now the dining-room of the Metro politan Hotel, for one night, with the privi. ledge of six. The first night, with the help of the press, who were all friends of Artemus, was a triumph, and he ran the week, clearing for himself and his manager 4200 dollars. From that time his lecture was a grand success, and, while Artemus was more than liberal, he saved money, or, rather, he made it so fast that he could not help its accumulating in his hands. lie died worth almost 100,000 dollars, of which he left the income to his aged mother, and, after her death, to found an asylum for old and disabled printers, to which craft he originally belonged. 