TALE. ^ A Murderous Mesmerist. By Julian Hawthorne. . l?ow people arc aware of Uio oxiatcnco of a btiih 11 hostelry near Slyno Head, on tho west const of Ireland. Tlio coal-black rooks and tho precipitous promontories of that desolate region render tho soonory imposing, nnd the storm's, which are frequent, form a speotaele that is nothing less than magnificent. The, ■wholo forco of tho Atlantic brooks agninst thoso awful cliil'3, and the half-wild inhabitants of tho regions will tell you that in winter tho spray is sometimes dashed three hundred feet-in air.: Fishing is almost the sole occupation of tho natives. The nearest railway station is at AVostport, thirty miles ! away, whence the explorer must travel either on foot or upon the dilapidated 'jaunting ear' . that serves as a stage, nnd is driven by Pat Maguiro, who is also tho proprietor of the inn. But oxplorers arc as fow as snowilnlies in Juno, and for several yeara previous to the date of this story, Dr. Griffith Gramory had been the only visitor. Tho doctor was not a comely man.- Ho had a big square head, ' covered with grizzled'red hair, which stood upright; thiok eyebrows hanging_fardown over a pair of small butcxtraordinarily piercing eyes j a largo nose , and mouth, and a broad, short chin. His head was sot low down upon broad shoulders; . , his arms wcro long, but his body rather small and short. Tho peasants-held him in super■, stitious awe and rospeot, believing him to be in league with Satan, probably because he had oueo or twice exeroisod upon thom a re. markablo magnetizing power that ho possessed. But as all his dealings with them had .been benofioent, they mingled their awe . with affection. A man may bo hand-inglovo with the Evil Ono and yet a verv srood ' fellow at bottom. This season Dr. Gramory arrived, as usual, about tho first of October J but he explained to Pat Maguire that a young lady and gentleman,, friends of his, would como' on the I seventh of tho month, arid would expect Pat to be at Wcstport railway station to drive them over. Tho doctor, it seoms, had met Mr. and Mrs. Roger Mowbray in London during tho previous season, and had sung the praises of Slyno Head eo eloquently that the young couplo-—they wore in their honeymoon —had promised to como over and spend a ' week there. ' Thoy wero as good as their . word, , aud on tho ovening of tho appointed day tliey drovo up on the jaunting-car, and were cordially welcomed at the inn door by tho doctor. The moon was close to the full, and the air soft and mild. After supper the throe friends strolled out on the oliffs, arid Roger Mowbray and his wife both confessed that they had never seen so.grand a sight. ' Tho rooks are full of caves, some midway in th? faco of inacceesiblo precipices, somo so low down as to be covered at hijrh water. The coast is everywhere jagged and irregular. Slyne Head, itBelf is a beetling pinnaclo of rook, overhanging its base, which is four hundred feet below its summit. The party inado their way • thither and sat down to contemplate tho prospect. Tho ocean, rising in its vast sweep to tho horizon, was luminous bonoath the moon, and whero the surf broke on tho ragged teeth of rocks far bolow it looked liko great drifts of snow against tho blaclm \- 'How glorious and terrible if. is!' oxclaimed Mrs. Mowbray. ' After tliU I canunderstand and almost believo all tho legends : of ghosts and hobgoblins that Ireland is famous for.*,. ■ ' None but tho spirits of light and loveliness should become visible to you, fair ?ady, said tho doctor, who had a courtly, chivalrous way with women, which, partly on accountof his remarkablo eccentricity and ugliness, made him a"favourito with tho box ; 'but the . people hereabouts aro very superstitious; and to confess tho truth, I liavn often amused myself by playing off a few juggleries on them. Tlioy take mo for a magician, and it keeps them from bothering mo when I want to be . nndisturbod. I have only to mako. a fow ■ cabalistic passes and they run as if tho devil, wero after them.' . ' I recollect your alluding in London, to yonr powers. in that direction,' observed Roger ; ' you promised to give us an illus-' tration somo timo. "What more fitting time could thoro be than this ?' • ' Oh, I .wish you would, Dr. Gramorsy !'. exclaimod Mrs.- Mowbray; ' I never saw anything ofthe sort.' ' Andl fancy your husband doubts whether anybody ever saw anything of the sort,' returned the 'doctor, laughing and fixing his brilliant eyes on the young man's face ; 'he is a sceptio.' •Say an agnostic,'rejoined Rogor,witha ■ smile.. ' I. will believe what I soe. • .: • '. If that be yonr ..only stipulation, I could easily astonish yon,' the doctor answered; 'the \- eyesight and all the senses - are readily do. oeived. Moreovor. unless T am muoh mis-. taken, yours is a temperament that lends itself to such impressions. I Should expeot to be more successful in doceiving you than yonr .: wife ; : though shelooks hplf a spirit already, . while you have the thews and sinews of an athlet3.' v ' Well, all I caa say is, I am prepared for: tho test,' replied Roger, still smiling, though "with somewhat of an effort. The doctor's eyes had at singular»parklo. , It ih difficult to look away from them. For a full minute tho doctor remainod silent and immovable, gazing in a preoccupied manner at Roger Mowbray, who gazed Sauk at him. Mrs. Mowbray, _ meanwhile, had becdnio interested in watching the flight of n groat sco-bird, which, after poising itself in air on a level with their position, suddenly ! swooped downward and alighted on a rock surrounded by waves, near tho'foot of. the cliff. ; .- •' • • Look at mo!' abruptly eriod tho doctor, in a sharp, imperious -tbno, springing to his feet; • I am going to jump down the procipico and stand - bosido that sea-fowl. • Look 1 lioger Mowbray, I'm off !' . Roger started up with a gasp of horror and amazement. ' Good God! tlio man is killed!' ho .cried put in a wild tone. , Ho stood gazing fearfully and; breathlessly ovor tho cliff, peering downward as if following tho descont of a heavy.. body through-tho air. But after a moment ho raised himself, trembling and aghast, tho awoat standing1 on his forehead. * It's a miraclo 1' ho said huskily. ' Such a thing was nflrer known. . Ho foil four hundred., feet, and now thero he stands at tho bottom, nodding and waving his hand. Merciful Heaven ! What a thing to see 1.', . '■« Why, Roger,' exclaimed his^ \jrffo, half laughing and half alarmed, 4 how absurdly you act! ; Any ono would think you were oraizy! Whataro you talking about tho doctor being down tho cliff when ho has not moved a foot away from you P' ' . Her husband took not the slightest notice of her. Ho continued to starp down at tlio rook on which : tho sea-bird was seated, omitting- ever and anon inartioulato cj.'iculations.. . ' Ho dots not hoar you, Mrs. Mowbray,? romarked tho doctor, speaking, osido to her ; ' ho is in wtafc may bo termed an abnormally imaginative state, in wliioli, ho mistakes fancies for foots. Ho really- believes, that I jumped off tho cliff and alighted on that rock, and nothing you could say would convince, him differently. Curious, is it not P. ■ 'But whot is tho causo of itP Ho was never like this before!' cried she, becoming moro and moro alarmed; 'oan nothing bo dono P Roger!' Sho laid her hand on her husband's arm, but ho moved away from hor. 'He doesn't know mo !' she oxclaimod in horror ; ' oh, what shall I do P' :. •My dear Mrs. Mowbray,' interposed the doctor, smiling comfortably in tho moonlight, 'givo yourself no uneasiness ; it is the simplest thing in tho world. Your husband is partially, asleep, that is all. A cortnin portion of liia brain—that which discriminates between truth and imagination—has temporarily ceased to operate ; it has inhibited, to uso the scientific term ; or, if you want another phrase, your husband, is in a hypnotic tranco. Of courso you havo heard of hypnotism, and you are aware how commonly it is now practised, and how amusing somo of its manifestations are. It also has tho advantage of being entirely harmless. Tho tranco can bo broken as easily asit can.bo induced.' / '.Oh, but I donjt like Roger to bo hypnotized!' she protested; still agitated.. . f I want him to hear mo and know mo ! ': PJeaso mako him como back to me, Dr. Gramery.' : 'Your word is law, my dear lady,' said the good doctor, with perfeot amiability.' Ho, turned totiio young man, and drawing him a little to one sido, appeared; to whisper -something in his oar. ; Then ho clapped bis . hands sharply togother and called out, 'Hello, Mowbray! Hero wo are!' ;Mowbray glanced hp, yawned, passod his hand over his forehoad, and then, looking at tho doctor with evidont perplexity, said: ' Aren't you wet ? How did you get up here again?' 'Yousee,' said tho doctor, the next morning, after tlioy had talked and laughed a good deal over the event of the night before, 'hypnotism ia the real explanation of all the marvels of magic and enchantment that we hear and read: about. The magician's first act is to hypnotize tho spectator or spectators ; that dono, thoy will see—imagine thoy see—any miraclo he' may chooso to suggest to them.' . 'Do you mean to say,' demanded Roger, 'that ho can put moro than one person at a time into the tranco? ' 'A hundred as easily as one, and perhaps a thousand more easily ' than a hundrod. ■ . Why not ? Consider tho phonoraena of panic—the unreasoning fear that scizos upon a multitude, though each separate man of the crowd, if alone, -would have retained his presence of mind; or look at the wild enthusiasm or rage to which an eloquent orator oan arouse vast audiences, though any one member of it would listen to liim ooldly. So I doubt not it would ho easier to hypnotize a large assemblage than a singlo individual, and the Eastern jugglers' scorn to do it. You have heard of tho famous Indian baakot trick, as it is called ? Thcro an audience of any number of persons severally andoollootivoly witness a transaction that thoir reason assures them is preposterously, impossible, at tho samo time that their eyesight" convinces them it takes place. What isthe explanation? Simply, that they arc all hypnotized boforo tho triok is performed, and: then, of oourso, the trick is reduced tomorely .inducing them to believe that something is done which is really no t dono at all.' ' After my experience of last night, I don't feel liko disputing anj thing you say, dootor,' observed, Roger Mowbray;'hut I should liko to know how a man can hypnotize a crowd of xieoplo, and also how thoy can recover from tho trance without recognizing that thoy havo been in it.' ' If the conditions be favorablo, nothing is moro easily performed than hypnotism,' tho doctor replied : 'simply to fix tho attention for a few moments is of ton sufficient, and any juggler can do that. I hypnotized you last night only: by inducing you to look intently at mo for sixty seconds. Then, as to your point, tho traneo maybe of various degroes, from light to profound. Tholight trancc is sufficient for complete solf-decqption, and tho transition from that to waking is so easy as not to ba perceived.' ' 'I certainly believed I saw you jump over tho cliff,' said Roger, 'and after I came to I could hardly persuade myself that you had not dono it. Rachel, hero,"says she spoke to me ; but I didn't hear her. But is it • not rather alarming that such a power as you possess should exist ?' . , , ' 'Indeed; if.I didu't know tho doctor was a good maa I shouldn't feel safe for a moment,' Rachel said. - . ~ 'Luckily, I am harmless,' romarkod ho, with a poculiar smile ; 'but thore's truth in your suggestion, Mr. Mowbray. Hypnotism might give torriblo powers.- If I had told you, last night' to jump ovor the oliff, you -would havo done it, or if, wliilo you wero still in tho . trance,: I had commanded you to do, or to ?eo, a certain thing at a certain futuro timo—say, | at five o'clock this afternoon—you would havo obeyed ■ punctually at tho appointod .hour, without any furthor action on my part.' 1 ' Dear mo !' said Raaliol, with a* nervous laugh, 'I' remember you - whispered something: to Rogar last night before you woke him -up. "What did you toll him to do ?' ■ 'You said a person oould • bo orderod. .'not to see': anything,' broke in Roger-;; 'do you moan that a concrete objeot could be rendered actually invisible to one in tho hypnotic * 'trance f .'Certainly!' replied thedootor;'anything .that is told to the pationt ho is bound to believe. IfTwero to toll you that that tho big tree yonder had; .been : dug up . and., oarried, . away! it wouldimmodiately booomo invisible to you ; and neither your sense of toush nor ; any other means could persuade you that there was anything thoro But I soo this conversation is distressing Mrs.. Mowbray.; let' u<i chaoge it. • Do: you: know, . Mr. Mowbray, that you bear a strong resomblance: to your late father ?' ' I havo beon sometimos told so. But I was not aware that yon kuewhim.V 4 Yen, I know h'ra veil, ■ many years ago, whim we wcro both about your age. Afterward circumstaccca separated us. When I met you tho othor day in London tho likeness startledino; it was an if a buriod generation hod oomo to lifo again. Your father's wife was a Miss Clayton I think P r .4 Yos, .that was my mother's name.' ... 'All! I was not thinking of hor as your I mother. I do not fcraco lier fcattiros in you. ' Howoyer, that is naithor hero nor there. Thinking of thoso ' old. days has- recalled anothor person to my. mind—ono John-; Fol-1 briggo. I fancy you havo novcr' heard ofhim. 41 think I remombor the name,'said Roger 4 but I nover saw him. Unless I'm mistaken, I doii't think my fathor and" ho woro • good friends.' 4 Thoy Voro friends until, for some reason, they hod a bitter quarrel, and parted. It was the general opinion that Folbriggo was in fault. ' Ho woj vOertainly a gross-grained fellow, whoroos your father was always yery • suavo and engaging. The quarrel oocurrod bpforo y6ur father's tnnrriago, and tho occasion of it, I thinlc.-was somo affair ofthe heart. Naturally, Felbrigge' .would , get worsted there -!!,. • ; 4 What becatno'of this Mr. Felbriggo fiuquirod Rachel. 4 Ho was a student, and after a quarrol ho devoted himsolf to , abstruse -.researches, and lived on' tho continent and aftorwanls in I India. Ho ought to liavo diod long sinoo, I suppose.' , r j :' Tho woman in tho case was not imy mothor was it f' askodRoger.! * 4 Sho was hot the lady your fathor marriod | I think,' tho dootor ropliod ; ' it wvs proI bably somo oirlior n/Fair; ho was a dangerous I man,', ho added, .laughing. ' Now that I recblloct,<the other woman's namo was Moroy | —yos, Moroy Holland. You- noTor knew of I herf '■ . . .. ..•••. ■' ;;'i I Mowbray shook his head; 4 No, of oourso not!' said tho dootor ; ■■' and what interest havo those old stories for you young .poople P Como, I have something ta propose f What do you say to our; taking our luuohbon with us and spending tho day on the rooks ? ' There are some curious caves I want you to sco; and thoro is a romantic legend about ono of 'them. Shall'wo go?' The others willingly oonsontod,' and thoy made their preparations and set out. Instead of climbing to tho top of' Slyne Head, os on tho previous ovening, they descouded' to tho shore, above whioli the stupendous cragshung aa if about to topplo ovor. In a orovico of the rooks, just above high-water mark, the dootor piokod up a fragment of ohoin with a handcuff attached to it. It was but slightly rusted, and ofidontly could havo boon loft thoro but a yhort time boforo. Mowbray and his wifo woro much interested in tho discovery, and spooulatod as to how it could havo got thuvo. Ms thoroa jail anywhere in this neighbourhood ?' Rocrer innuirod. V None nearer than Galwny that I know of, replied tho clootor;but I beliovo thero ai'o somo evictions going on: in this neighbourhood, and this handcuff may have bean _ put on u prisoner who escaped.2 He must have had assistance in freeing himself from his fetters; however. This handcuff j as you see, shuts by a spring and can bo opened only by two hands to it. The person to whom it was attaohoil could not unfasten1 it unaided. It is oertainly.odd that the fugitive should have shaped Ilia course in this direction. In those thinly settled regions oonccalment is more difficult than in oities.' ' What a strange feeling it must bo to bo fastened to a chain, and know that you can't get away,' observed Rauhol, examining tho steol manacle with curiosity. . ■ ' Peoplo get used to ,' oven tliat,' rojoiriod tho doctor ; 'and, after all,we aro all fottored in somo way, though the links may bo invisible.' Ho put the relic in his pookot and they continued their journey along the boaoh. The way was rough and torturous, tho boulders lying irregularly, and tho pobblos of wliioh the beach was composed offering a slippery and wearisome foothold. They, wero noarly an hour in going no more than a milo; but they were rewarded at tho end of thou journey,by coming to alargo cavo, hollowed out in tho seaward oxtremity of a promontory that forinod one of tho divisions of tho beach. Its mouth.was only about sovon or eight foot in diameter; . bnt insido it expanded into a chamber of fair bizo and hoight, draped with seaweed and pervaded by the clean, salt smell of the soa. Tho day had been Bomowhat close and oppressive, and tho coolnoss of the cave was grateful after thoir arduous walk; Tho interior was lighted up by the- rays of the doclining sun, for it was already tho, afternoon.. , ' ' Using a large flat stono as a table, they unpacked their basket and lunched at their leisure. :Tho doctor was in capital spirits and made himsolf highly agrooable., He rotated many stories ofliis own past lifo and adventures,; he had travelled in all parts of the world, and had lived several years in Northern India, whoro he had seen strange sights. ^Finally, tho conversation got round to tho spot where thoy then were and the traditions connected with it. ' And; by the byo, one of the best yarns is about this very cavo,' ho remarked i ' many years ago a powerful noble livod near Slyno Head, and ho married a young and beautiful woman. For a time all appeared to go. woll; but finally, tho husband bocamo suspicious of tho attentions to his wifo ofja neighbour of his who was visiting him. Ho watohed and his suspicions wore confirmed. He concoaled his omotions, whatever they, were, and on some pretext invited his wife and tho friend to this cavo. Ho had an iron ring fastened to tho root at tho baokpartof tho cavo, with a chain attached to it: : Protending to to in sport, he inducod them to let him fasten this chain' around them, and then', tolling them to ba happy to their hearts' content, and replying to thoir shrieks and entreaties only by peals of laughter, he bade them farewell and left them. The tido was rising and a storm was coming on. A couplo of hours later tho cave was submerged and tho lovers wore of course, drowned. What do you think of that legend, Mrs. Mowbray ? Would you like to know what that young people said to caoh other, when thoy wore loft alone, and the first wavo throw its spray over thom 'It is fearful to think of,' said Rachel, with a shudder;' was it really this very cave ?' ' Undoubtedly; and if you want any further proof; the; ring to which they were; chained . still hangs to tho rock behind you- See—the sunlight has just reached it!' Rachel turned with a start, and then all t'aroe approached tho ring and examined it. It was hanging to a bolt driven into the faco of the solid rock; at tho furthest o::tromity of tho cave. It was about seven inohcB in diameter and appeared to bo at least an inch _in thickness , though it was bo boarded with, green seaweed and roughened with rust and limpits that an exact' estimatb..was difficult. At all events it looked strong enough to hold an ox, much more a pair of terrified lovers. Benoath the ring was a shallow lodge, forming a rudo seat, lind Rachel, who was fas-, cinatcd by tho pioturcsquo horror of the thing sat do wn upon it. THe setting sun shone on her charming face and' gave it the scmblanco of a rosy blush. Her husband thought, she: had never looked more lovely. ' ; ; '. Tho doctor took the handcuff • from his pocket and passed the chain through the ring fastening it by springing one of the links over another. ' That will enable us to realize the situation' better,' he remarked, turning to Roger with a smile and putting tho handcuff in his hand : f imagine Mrs. Mowbray to be the lady in question and you the wicked earl.' Shall I manacle you, Rachel ?' aaked her husband, playfully. ■ ' ■ She held out her wrist at once. ' Do !' aho said ; ' I am not afraid.' > ' Don't be too sure of your nerves,' putin thedoctor; ' it mightgivo youa > turn.' ■■ ■ -' Oh, my husband-will not desert me,?. , she replied ; ' put it on, Roger.' , - ; •: He slipped it'on and fastened it. ' There —now you are my prisoner,' said he. < now 41 yoa h«rQ to do la to imagine that you aro to stay thereuntil thls time toj morrow,' tho dootor tided, ' when: mom fisherman, porhaps, will disoover your dead Mid bruisod body.' . Yon are looking (or the last time on yonder sotting nun. D J you hew | tho plunging.of tho giirf ? In another hour it will be at tho mouth of tho cava ; an hour •more and it will havo filled it to tho roof. You will bo alone, and strain and tug at your ( fetters ; the. steel will out into your flesh, but you oannot break it. Tho cold water will oruop alowly to your knocs, - your waist, your;;: throat 1, -Yon will think of »lho sweetness of lifo, of your warm and fatni' liar homo, of the love of your friends and of •your husband—and then the wavos'will lap over your face, and gurglo into your mouth, 'tad strangloyour breath ; you will bo nothing but a lump of lifeless flow, and this pleasant luxurious world will know you no more !'" . ■ • Dootor Onuneiy must havo had a' good deal of the notor's talent; ho had begun his spocohlightly enough, but as ho went on his voice became hourso, and inoisivo ; he m»$p strange gestures, and there was'something terrible and ominous in his nspoot. Raohol sat gazing at him with parted lips and widen-, ing eyes. As he finished she roso to her feot, and strotohing out hor hand to her husband { faltered;: ' Let me go !' .1 1 _ By a sadden forcible moremont tho dootor interposed himself bswoen thom. ■'' Fivo o'clock I ' lio exblaimod,* in * storn, commanding tone. Roger Btood motionless for a few mbmoDtSf.whilo a dazed expression came over his face... Tho dootor now moved to ono side; tho husband and wifo wore within a- oouple of pases of each othor, and Soger's eyes rested upon hor. But thoro was' a quoor vague look in thom, and prosontly.lio said, in a sluggish tono, • Whore is Rachel,P\ :' Here I am—hero !' sho exclaimed ;' hero in front of you! What nils you, Roger ? Tako oil this manaolo—it hurts mo!' Don't you hearine?' ,i .; ' It is very odd,' said Roger, turning to the doctor;' what has bocomo of Rachel? She wna hero juBt now, and I didn't see her go out. How was it? ' f ' Mrs. Mowbray ?' responded tha dootor, coolly;' why, my dear follow, she just wont out of tho eavo. Is it possiblo yon didn't notioo hcrP Soo!' hoaddod, pointing outward ' there sho Btands on that rook attho entrance beckoning to us! Coma on, it's getting damn, and we Bnall bo catching our death of cola. Wo have a long walk before us.' Tho two man moved together toward the mouth of the oavo, Roger walking liko a man in a droaui. Suddenly a piercing shriek fillod tho eavo. ' Roger ! my .husband ! my lovo! Hoar mo! Gomo to mo !' Tlionoamo anothor . shriek. . »• . • . . _ Mowbray and tho dootor woro now attho mouth of tho eavo, and tho latter pointed along tho beach to tho right. ' There sho gees!' ho said;' lot ua hurry and catch up with her. Sho will stumblo among theso slippory stonos and hurt hersolf.' ' Oh, God !' said a liusky'voice, strained nndiranaturnl. Tho chain rattled aud strainod; thero was q. groan. Mowbray had moved out of sight. Tho doctor turned aud looked into tho eavo with a hidoous oxprossion then ho, too, vanished. A storm had bean gathering during tlio afternoon and soon aftor five o'olock it burst over Sly no Head, with frequent crashes of thundor and ziyzags of lighting. Tho rain hissed down in torrents. Six o'clock had passed whoa Rogor Mowbray, his clothes soskod through and a soared, drawn look on his face, walked hastily into tho inn and oallsid for Pat Maguire. Aftor tho summons had been repoated onco or twico, with increasing emphasis, Mrs Maguiro appeared from thokitchoa, wiping hor hands on lior apron. . ' What would ye bo ploased.to' wont sorrP'eaid sho; ' Buro, Misther Maguire stopped out an hour ago; ho was after foarin' ye'd be'auight in tho rain, and 'twas warnin* ve to come liomo ho'd bo. Didn't ye moot him at all, at all P' •No. Has Mrs. Mowbray—my wife—lias she returned ?' ' Yqr wife,, is it ? Indalo, then, sho lias not, soor 1 Ye'ro the first in this night. ' • Doctor Oramory—has not ho got bapkf "Wo parted on tho boacli—ho took another path up Uio cliff. Havo you soca nothing of either of them ?' ' Not I, Misthor Mowbray—hido nor hair av'em. But thoro was a bit av a letter tho doctor loft thin .moniin', an' ho was tellin' Misther Maguire to givo it yo at six o'clock —notsoonor. May bo that'll explain things —moro betoken 'tis six o'clock now, an' afthor. Wait till I fotch it!' Sho disappeared into the kitohen and roturned in a moment with a letter in hor hands. Rogor oponed it, and this is what hp read: ItooEn Mowdiuy : Whon you read this I shall have accomplished tho purpose for whioh I brought you down here and for whioh I havo waited many years. You know rao as Griffith Gramery, butmy true namo is John Folbrigge. Thirty years ago your father took away the woman I loved, Meroy Holland, and ruined her. She bore him a child ? : by his cruelty and negleot sho died in childbed. At that time ho had already married ;: but his wifo being an invalid, and' incapable of raising up children for him, ho caused you to be put forward as hor son, thereby kcoping tho estates in tlio family. ( But you havo no moro right to your name than any other, baso-born waif of the gutter. !• waited a long while for tho proper time and means for retaliation ; but when I hoard that you woro married, Isaw my way. Last night I proved my power ;ovqr you; to-day in tho cave, 1 shall put it into practico. At the moment you read this, your wifo, chained to tho rook by tlio mmaolo I havo providod for tho purpose, v. i.t bo drawing .her last breath in loneliness', an! agony—an agony as groat, I trust, as that which your father caused Mercy Holland to endure. And you realizing that you abandoned hor thero, 'misled by tho bewilderment I put upon your sonses, . will understand something of the despair I felt whon I knew that the woman I would have made my wife had diod in shame and misery. May you live to endure that despair as long 88,1 have done ! As for mo, you will never,boo mo again. I havo my placo of retreat provided, whore I shall spend many years in ease and comfort, happy in tho assurance that all! desired has been brought to pass. Blessed ba Hypnotism! ' Yours to command, ' JoimfeiLBlliaOE. | Roger Mowbray slowly laid the letter down on the tablo and looked up with a ghastly countenanco. At that moment thoro was a hurried stop on tho threshold, a sound .ofvoices, and the door was thrown : open. In swept the storm, with wind and rain; a clajj of thunder shook the house,,and thero stoodPqt Majpiire, rodin tho faco and breathless. .Leaningon his arm,-weak and tottering, her clothing drenched and torn, hor wet hair hanging about her shoulders, her. wrist bruised,' and bloody—thoro: was Rachael Mowbray, rosoucd at utmost need, with tho sea leaping at hor very throat, by the worthy. Irishman whom chance had brought within hearing of her final outcry. There she was, no phantom of a bewildered brain, bat true flesh and blood, alivo and safe—and in her husband's arms I .- " • ,•' •' • • • . Noxt morning, whon tho storm had cleared away, tho dead body of Doctor Gramery, alia* John Felbriggo, was found lying - at the foot of Slyne Head, crushed and disfigured. How he came to his death, whether by aocident or design, was never known. Ho may have lost his way and missed: his footing in the storm ; or tho horror of the deed-he tad done may. have proved too muoh even for his iron nerves, and he sought oblivion in suicide; He was buried where he fell,' and tho great cliff is his gravestone; but the peasants avoid " the sjvot, andinthe roaring of the waves they, sometimes fasey. that they.catch the fearful i outcry of a lost »oul. -CwMo/wtfcw, I 