THE ROMA NCE OF Rf S OS. I (The Daily Neun.) The British Museum has just pub- lished sn illustrated Catalogue of the Gems in the National Collection. As a rule, these engraved stones are set in rings, either in the original gold, silver, bronze, or iron, or in modern settings. In either case this treasure of anti- quities, which might be carried in a satchel, is full of the most curious and even romantic interest. Rings were the most intimate, precious, and durable objects which men of old possessed. A man's ring was his lock ; be set it on a seal which could not be infringed with- out bis discovering the injury. True, a theological impostor, unmasked by Lucian, discovered a method of opening seals, and so was enabled to open the sealed packets of questions which he pretendfd to read by clairvoyance. In deed, the simple boyish device of a broad seal would bave served this rogue as well as the means to which he had recourse. People appear to have been so guileless, as a rule, that seals were seldom forged, and, as keys and signa- tures, they were in absolutely universal employment. They were ever on each man's band, and the materials on which the gems are cut are of the hardest ; and thus one may wear to-day a seal which has adorned the finger of Alexan- der, of Virgil, or of Cfesar. Rings with portraits were common in the late Roman Republic, and probably these were worn (especially when Emperors came to be represented later) by the friends of poets and the courtiers of statesmen. The Museum bas a gem with a profile of Cicero that may have been a present from Tully to Atticus for what we know, and who will assure that Virgil did not carry the ring with a portrait of Horace 1 Mr. King men- tions a portrait of Massanissa, set in a ring of iron ; " perhaps it has been worn by Scipio himself. The merit of the engraving proves that it muBt have been executed for a person of high posi- tion." Thus, there is no waif or stray left by the wave of the past on the sea of the present so intimate, and so curious, as a ring of the ancient world. Conceive the luck of the collector who should find the ring of Hannibal, "avenger of so many murders;" the ring with a hollow containing sudden poison. The drug may have beni bidden in a hollowed stone or in the metal setting. In the former case the gem must have perished with its owner. Mr. King publishes a copy of an onyx hollowed out to contain poison and engraved with tbe ugly face of a horned Faun. To reach the poison it was only necessary to bite through the thin shell of onyx. When the gold deposited by Camillus in the Capitol was taken away the person responsible for it " broke the stone of his ring in his mouth," and died at once. As these stories appear not to lie doubted, they seem to prove that the ancients were indeed" no inex- pert poisoners. We must infer the reverse from stories of the clumsiness of Locusts. The romance of ancient gems is inex- haustible ; it meets us everywhere. This cornelian may bold the portrait of some rich man's mistress, such as Clement of Alexandria forbade the Christiana to «cir ; we may I« looking on the favourite of Ovid, or Propertius, on Connia or on Cynthia. Where will our photographs be in 1800 years, or whit record will exist of the fair faces of to-day Î They are «-ashed on paper or painted on canvas ; not one lady or lover hat thought of being made im- perishable on cornelian or sarfl, yet if there were but patrons, who can doubt that the skill exists, as in the last . century, ¿«sud that jae have inglorious Pichlers and Pistraocis among us, Hvbo, like these masters, needed to sign their j gems lest they should be tdd for veri-1 table antiques f But gem-engraving has I rarely flourished, apart from the custom which made a man's ring part of him- self, his symbol and signature, a- token often, as in the case of the famous ring Elizabeth gave to Essex Of all rings, if only one could identify it, the most romantic would be that which was worn by the fair ghost of Corinth, who even from her grave oame to embrace ker lover. The story is told in a fragment of Phlegon, a writer of the second century of our era. In Phlegoa's words it sounds uncomfortably real. We see the old nurse prying into the room of the young man whose betrothed' is dead; and there the dead girl sits with her bridegroom, and when . the house bas been roused, and the grave searched, they find there only the iron ring which the lover had given to the dead girl in exchange for ber ring of gold.. This tiny oirclet of iron moves us more than even the poisonous ring of Hannibal, or that too famous gem which Polycrates tried vainly to throw away. In Pliny's time they showed it, a sardonyx not engraved, in the Temple of Concord. But this was a blunder, for Herodotus declares it to have been an emerald, engraved by Theodorus of gamos with the device of a lyre, accord- ing to Clement of Alexandria. Some years ago people fancied that this famous ring, as noted as that of Solomon, had been dug up in a vineyard in Africa. Mr. King cruelly suggests that this was a mere ancient imitation, "favourite device of literary men." But the style of the art, archaic in the time of Polycrates, would settle that question, and perhaps permit us to believe in the authenticity of the relic. Gems are practically imperishable. A wonderful head of Medusa on an onyx is no less mysteriously beautiful than of old, though for many centuries it was rolled in the sand and silt of the Tiber. The ring of Polycrates, if not found at Aricia, may to-day be on the finger of some fisherman of Samos, for these men in the Greek islands have usually some venerable jewel of this description. The Museum catalogue, as may be supposed, is concerned with the history, not with the romance, of rings. They began to be regularly collected in cabinets by the Romans before the Re- public fell. They were older than Rome or Greece, for Greece borrowed the idea chiefly form the Egyptian scarabs. To be sure, bean-shaped pebbles were engraved by the Greeks before they took to cutting scarabs of cornelian, and very ugly the engravings on the old pebbles often are. They sometimes prove that Greeks used this hard material while their artistic skill was not in advance of Red Indian design, and when their dress was of the Kew Caledonian fashion. An example (73) is photographed in the catalogue. The stone scarabs came in about the end of the seventh century B.C. It may be said that the designs on the early scarabs are only by a stage less rude than those found on the " lentoid " or the bean-shaped stones. Finally it dawned on somebody that the dumpy, thick scarab was a waste of material. Thenceforth thin slices of rare stones were used, and to these we owe the exquisite effects of translucency and colour in the best ring-stones. From this date the art of gem engraving enters its best period. It presents us with miniature copies of famous lost statues; with portraits of poets, em- perors, beauties ; with scenes from real life; with little idylls like illustrations of Theocritus ; with scenes from mytho- logy ; with fanciful devices ; with groups of laughing Loves ; with men engaged in all occupations ; with hints of religious mysteries ; finally with the dull and grotesque symbols of Gnosti- cism. The whole history, social, poli- tical, religions, artistic, of several centuries is imperishably represented on the seals of rings. Even fire, which blackens them, and makes them opaque, does not ruin the loveliness of the lines. Modern civilisation can leave no such indestructible picture of itself, no such beautiful fragments of customs and manners which must pass, as Greece and Rome have passed away. These elder States will in this manner outlive us, and if a cosmic catastrophe swept man from the world, and if again the world were inhabited by rational beings, they too would find the counterfeit represen- tation of what Greece was engraven on onyx, and sard, and emerald. Such are the fancies suggested by the 2319 rings I of the Museum. 