CAMPAIGNING- MEMORIES. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. Enough happens every day in the life of the least observant and adventurous to occupy a week in recital, and in a year's campaigning, where life moves at its rapidest possible rate, and where enough excitement tor a month is crowded into a minute, there lies more matter of interest than any man could put on paper if ho lived to be a hundred. Tlio only dilliculty is in the question of scleotiou. I have not seen a shot fired in auger for the Inst 13 years, but there is scarcely an incident of the Kussb-Turkish campaign which is not as clearly present to my mind to-day as it was within an hour of its occurrence. It happens, too, that within this last month or so, I have beenrefresliing memory rather copiously by talking over the incidents of the campaign with two men, who from their respective sides saw most of it — Dr. Charles Ryan, of Melbourne, and Sir. Kinnaivd Rose, . the editor of the Brinbttnc Courier. When I was in Brisbane the other day I re minded the latter of a very curious expe rience which came to me through him. He was' representing the Scotsmun on the Russian side, whilst on the Turkish side I was working both for the Scot, tin on and the London Times. Rose was wounded in the ankle by a rifie bullet, and the news got down country that the correspondent of the Scotsman had been hit. It travelled from mouth to mouth, and was exaggerated as it went, until in Constantinople it was'related that the Seotsm/t n's representative had been killed. Then the statement grew into detail, and it appeared that the unfortunate too- adventurous youth had been shot in the act of surveying the enemy's position from a Turkish hi3 field glasses in his hand. When things hod reached this pass it was found necessary to pro vide a name for the defunct, and sinco I was the only correspondent of the Scotsman on that side— there was another, I believe, in Asia Minor with the Turks — it was not unnatural that my nimo was chosen. So the news was flashed home by wire that poor Christio Murray had come to a finish, and had fallen a victim to his own temerity. An imaginative artist drew a picture of the fatal scene, and sent it home, where it was engraved and printed. I read my own obituary notice in the papers, and learned that it was a jjity thnt so promising a young man should be cut olf in the flower of his youth. ' One of theso days thero will be obituary notices which I shall not read, and I cannot laugh at the episode now as I did at tho time, but it was a curious thing to happen, and not one that falls to every man's experience. I remember very well when I got homo after that- terrible campaign that I had a conversa tion, very interesting to myself, with' Archibald Forbes. I cannot tell this story without offer ing a confession. I never knew from start to finish, and I do not know now, whether in moments of danger I felt like a brave man or a coward. I know that I never ran away, or dis graced myself, but I-.know that I alwayB felt as if X should hnvo liked to run away. I know that to be under fire was always n most comfort less and nervous experience, and I nover felt a touch of that thrill of battle and thnt glorious sense of risk and excitement, about which it is so easy to write and talk. Lots of men talked of it in my hearing. I have heard from their own lips that they rejoiced in danger and had known nothing so glorious, as the oxcitement of being shelled nt. How all this made me feel particularly small, and I listened to it with a senso of growing self depreciation. It was a thing I scarcely liked to talk about, lest by my confession I should bring disgrace upon myself. But at last one evening, fresh from a renewal of this kind of talk, I met Archibald Forbes in tho Strand, and resolved to take the bull by the horns. Forbes, as all the world knows, has gone through nearly, if not quite, a score of wars, big and little. Ho saw the awful strug gle between France and Germany, and distin guished himself there by an undaunted courage and an extraordinary resource. An iron man of indomitable mood, and beyond that, my friend, and one I felt I could confide in. I made no secret M my own feelings in the hour of battle, but I reported to him the glowing spoeohes. of the heroes I had so newly bidden good night to. " You go back to 'em, young un," said Forbes, tapping me on the chest with an extended fore finger, " You go back to 'em and tell 'em with rny compliments — Archibald Forbes's compli ments, that they're liars liars !" I am free to confess that that dictum soothed me, and that after it I began to hold my bead up once again and to think that perhaps after all a good many people might have experienced those emotions of discomfort and distress which I had thought personal to myself, and may yet have done their duty. I have to admit that I saw some dnro-devil \- valor which made that theory of the enjoyment of 'danger sound credible enough. , Here, for in stance, is a fact which I should have some hesitation in relating on my own responsibility solely, but there are a scoro of trustworthy men alive who will bear me out in it. Poor Camp bell — " Shipka " Campbell as we called him, and as the world remembers him now — was ono of the heroes of tho foolish desperate escapade. He fell on Secococni's Height, leSding the black contingent thero, under Sir Garnet AVolseley somo years later, and no more gallant, whole hearted, generous gentlemnn was ever struck down in battle. Francis Francis, his companion on many a field of peril, dedicated to Campbell's memory his book, War and Wanderings, and spoke of him as "a man who loved danger and knew not fear." Captain Tiburco Morrissot, of the Troi- siemes Chasseurs, was Campbell's companion in the hair-brained scrape. The two were at Rust- clnik together, and tho Russians trom tho oppo site side of the Danube were shelling the fortifi cations. There was nothing for either the . Englishman or Frenchman to do, and the- place was utterly without means of distraction or .amusement. So ono day — "It is particularlydull hero," says tho small Gaul to his companion, " let us find something to do. Let us go and sit up on tho fortification and bo shelled at." How I don't suppose for a moment that tho littlo bantam of a man — I havo his daring liandsomo face before me at this instant — meant this pro position to be taken soriously, or that it was anything moro than a dreary joke, born out of the unutterable ennui in .which he lived ; but Campbell, no doubt with jocular intention also, olfcred a languid assent. Tho Gallic bantam, whatever ho may havo thought about it, took the thing au grand scricux, lit up his cigaretto and led tho way. Campbell followed, and it is an actual fact that the pair of them sat down under fire on the face of the fortification nt a littlo distance from each other until a Russian shell burst between them. Then ono or the other suggested that he had had enough, and his companion agreeing with him they left tho field and went back into the town unscathed. The story leaked out somehow, and I think that each was a littlo ashamed of himself. It was a silly schoolboy piece of daring, but it showed a scorn for danger of which both men made a far better use later on. I have never been able to look on Russia as being anything but an essentially barbarous power,' and most people who know Tnrkoy will placo her, whether a littlo higher or a littlo lower docs not greatly matter, in the same category. In the war between them, for the first time in the , history of the world, two uncivilised forces met in a deadly struggle with all tho appliances of civilisation in the handB of either. They had railways at command, and tho olcctrio wire, and the latest pattern of siege shell, and tho latest inventions of destructive soienco generally. The Circassians, I remember, wero armed with tho Remington repeating rifle. I never believed or saw any reason to believe in the stories that were sometimes told about the villainous con duct of the regulars on tho one side or the other, but on the Russian side, tho Cossacks, and on the Turkish, the Tchir- kasses, the Bashi- Boshouks and Zcibecks, tho Sinyrinotes and Tripolitcs, literally played tho devil. Especially on the Ottoman aide horrors were enacted which aro beyond tho power of tongue to tell or pen to write. There is no good purposo to serve now in renewing the memory of those hideous details, unless it wero in the hope of teaching men to liato war, as I learned to hate it in tho course of that horrible year. An Armenian gentleman with whom I travelled by train one day put tho thing in a nutsholl. " Ce n'est pas tmc guerre ; e'est I'cxtermination d' une 'race/" Night after night on the borders of that fair rose-country which lies nestled round Kesandlyk, under tho stern splendors of the Balkan Hills, the horizon was red with the fires of burning villages and townships. I saw with these eyes 1200 muti lated dead, men, women auil children, lying in a . yiasjrtfdhard by Kesandlyk, every one foully murdered and shamelessly maltreated after death. I went through towns which had held prosperous anil industrious peoples,- where not a roof remained, and streets and gardens and smouldering ruins were left to the solo guardianship of the dismembered dead. So much one dare say, but of the horror piled on horror, of the bestial lust of cruelty, the in genious devilry ot wickedness which came out in details beyond number, which shocked -tlio sense and harrowed tho heart, until at last an absolute indifference took the place of outraged shnmc and weary pity — of these things I dare not and I will not speak. Many and many a time I have wondered sinco that any creature born of woman ' should find it in his heart to nnlooso war's ban-dogs. Tho peace party used to be sneered at as men who wished for peace at any price, 'i'hc taunt was not deserved, and it is not improbable that John Bright himself might have shown anew edition of tho fighting Quaker in a righteous cause, but it is hard to find anything which justifies a resort to so fearful an implement as war. Tho folks who stay at home know nothing of it. Tho troops march out with swords and bayonets flashing in the light, with bahners flying and bugles blaring, and the crowd huzzas. Or the victorious force comes home crowned with glory, and a whole populace goes wild with the noise of its own applause. In the time that goes between we read of daring acts of courago, and warm our blood with the thought that our countrymen arc displaying all the qualities which have given the race the crown of Empire half the wide world over. But who reads between the lines, and knows tho squalid de graded bestial thing war is ? Only the man whose own eyes have beheld it. I have had hundreds of inquiries, both at home and here, as to tho truth of The Story of Mr. King. Tho hero of tho talo died in Phila delphia a year or two after the close of the cam paign. His name was AVheulc, and though he was no moro a doctor than I am, ho was on tho medical staff nt Orklmnia, where lie was engaged as a dresser in the hospital. Nobody had any great respect for him, or thought him likely to distinguish himself for courage anil devotion, but sitting 0110 afternoon in a hut where he had charge of two wounded women, one of whom had just succumbed to her injuries, he found his chance for distinction unexpectedly presented to him, and took it like the plucky little Yankee that lie was. A Circassian broke in at the door with a drawn sword in his hand, and made for the rude bod on which little "Whcale's charge was laid. The blackguard spoke a word or two of English, and there was a brief parley between him and tho American, which ended, when the savage's murderous meaning was made evident, by IVheale's snatch ing up a distaff that lay handy and knocking him summarily on tho head with it. Tho Turkish regulars had bolted, tho Russian army was marching on the town, but hail not yet reached it, and the Circassian was playing his own unfailing intermediary game of loot and rape and murder. When the Yankee soi-disant medico got outside the hut he found two or three hundred of them, and though he was perfectly well aware that they were just as willing as they wero able to settle his affairs finally, he opened out upon them with such a tirade of wrathful abuse that they recoiled before him, and the leader of tho gang, after a word or two in his own language, with drew his associated rascals and left littlo Wheale master of the field. When, he was questioned afterwards as to how he had per formed this surprising feat, he said with some 71 u ivt'le thnt he had laid himself out to curse and swear, and ho rather " kalkalateil that he made them savages think that hell was open. I guess," ho added, "that they took me for some kind of White-man's Pasha— supposed I was an English duke I fancy." He was a per son we had hitherto reckoned of no account at all, but when ho joined the main body at night, bringing his wounded charge in safoty with him, his reception made him very shy. It is likely enough that that sensation was strange to him, but he told us with unnecessary vehemence of phrase that he knew he had be haved absurdly, but under similar circum stances would do again precisely what ho had done. One of the most noteworthy things" which came beforo me was the stoicism, or at least the outer imperturbability with which men went to execution in those days. In Tatar-Baznrdjik and in Sofia for a considerable space of cays the average number of meu hanged before break fast was 17. I forget now how long that dismal Saturnalia lasted, but I suppose there could hardly havo been fewer than 300 execu tions. The military commandant had rare pickings in those times. If a Bulgarian had anything worth confiscating, it was the easiest thing in the world to denounce liim as a traitor to the Ottoman rule, to string him up and to impound his belongings. There was nobody to offer au objection unless it were a handful of weeping womon nnil children, nud they wero always easily to be chased at the expenditure of the merest trifle in tho way of wearing out whipcord and a mouthful of Turkish objurgations. I was travelling on a burning summer day, when I saw seated in a row, at some littlo distanco from tho railway station at which the train had halted, about 25 or 30 Bulgarian peasants. They wero tied together elbow to elbow, and wero eating their midday meal with a remarkable awkwardness of move ment. When a man raised his right hand to his mouth his neighbor's left lmd to go with it, and it was this singularity of movement-which first drew my attention to tho party. The train stopped for some considerable time to take in wood and water, nnd whilst- my travelling com panion and I watched the line of stolid feeders a littlo knot of Turkish police were at work strapping together three slim poles, which they finally elevated into a tripod. Then having hung upon the poles to test their stability, an officer in cliargo gave a word or two in a tone of indifferent custom, one of the end men was cut freo from the line, a written placard was fastened on his breast, nnd a rope being pro duced, tho man was hanged upon the tripod with no more ado than if lie had been a dog. He had been eating the moment before, and his companions, with now and then a sidelong glance across tho shoulder to wlicro lie kicked and swung, went on eating still. IVlien the engiue was once moro ready to take us on the man wn3 quito dead and still, nnd the line of prisoners and their escort were raising a cloud of dust as they plodded northward along tho sun-smitten hill side highway. I saw the band again more than once, nnd on each occasion its num bers were diminished. Tho wretched Chris tians wero being marched from s village to village, and executed hap-hazard hero and there ostensibly as a warning against sympathy with the Muscovite invader. I met the last of the gang at Guemlik, and lie was sitting by tho side of a fire with his guards, and was chatting with them in what seemed a per fectly friendly intercourse. I learned after wards that the hapless wretch had been brought back after hundreds of miles of travel to his nativo village, and that having been freed of his bonds he had supposed himself about to be set at liberty. Somebody suddeuly touchcd him on the shoulder said "Gel, Ivan," which, being interpreted, signifies "Come John," and John rose obediently and was led towards his own cottage, smiling and chattering all the way. I followed to see what would happen. A soldier pausing at tho door began to work away with tho point of his bayonet in the mud of the wall above the door jamb. Then a rope with a noose at tho qpd of it came from somewhere, and tho man who had given the order some minutes before repeated it, " Gel, Ivan." Tho smile tho man's face had worn was frozen into a contortion of the ghastliest terror. Ho clasped his hands togcthor pitcously and burst into tears and waitings. Of all the many whom I saw die that dog's death in Roumelia and Bulgaria he was the only man who did not meet it with a seeming stolid indifference. But he was taken unawares, and had been allowed to think that all his troubles wero over and that he was a free man again. Ho had been permitted to believe that the objcot of the walk he took was to reinstate him in his home. Amongst other familiar figures I recall, is that of one Goldstein, a tailor and haberdasher in Adrianoplc. Goldstein had started in life as a German, but had come to be a very polyglot and citizen of the world. He had been through tho Crimean war, employed in I forget what capacity by General IVyndham, nnd was currently known as AVyndham's Goldstein. In reward for his services he was allowed to open a canteen, and made what was for him quite a handsome littlo competency out of it. With this he set up in business in Adrianoplc, and prospered mightily, so that when I mot him he was a merchant of great consideration. He wag a fat round ball of a man, but surpris- ingly active for his build nnd as full of fight as a bulldog. When the irregulars came up into the town they frightened everybody with the soli tary exception of old Goldstein. One day whilst the terror was at its height and when nine out of every ten shops were closed because of the almost universal panic, one coffee-colored bandy legged roysterer with a lint three feet high and a leathern bellybnnd crnminod full of lethal weapons, swaggered into Goldstein's estab lishment and demanded to know the price of something. He clutched at the article ho wanted, and threw out the mono syllable " Katch," which means "How much?" Goldstein, who himself stood at the recciDt of custom that morning, told him the price. The savage offered a quarter of tho sum, but Gold stein iterated his original demand. Then the Zeibeck offered half with the same result. Finally he drew his sword and flourished it over the counter at the peaceful tradesman, threatening to have his blood if the price were not abated. Thereupon the fat man unexpectedly vaulted the counter, seizing an iron yard measure in the net, and fell upon the savage with so vigorous an onslaught that he drove bim from the shop, andiu theend chevvied him the whole length of the bazaar. Onlookers at the scene described it to me as being indescribably comic. The man of war, laden withy murderous knives nnd the pistols with which his ancestors had stormed Genoa, ran for his life and bellowed like a bull calf, the pursy tailor following, yard measure in hand, pantingly threatening and cursing in half the languages of the East. I asked the valiant tailor if tho story were true, and he answered, "Dos vos so." There is human nature even in the Zeibeck. I came across ono fellow who, I had very good reason to believe, was steeped to the very lips in murderous outrage, anil he was sitting on a door step dissolved in tears. Being questioned as to the reason or his distress, he pointed to u woman and a child in tho near distance. He said, with no mauvaisc honte, that they reminded him of his own wife and child far away .in his native mountains, and I havo no doubt . that he had a very sincere affection for them and supposed himself to be doing good service to .the Fndislut in exterminating his Christian enemies, The absolute contempt they entertained for the Giaour, tho outside infidel who has no part in tho scheme of Mahomet, must bo seen to be believed. My interpreter nnd I were riding one day into Pliillipopolis when we passed a brace of the ruffians, who scowled at us as they jogged by. "Giaour vnrmn?" says one, "Is that a Christian ?" " Vnr Giaour !" says the other, " It is a Christian !" They turned in their saddles and spat after me with an execration which I suppose I was none the less happy not to understand. They gave us excellent hn sometimes, as when on tho northern march we encountered a body of them who had looted somo Bulgarian village. Ono fellow had a sewing machine on his saddle before him, and exhibited that trophy with grins of joy and pride. I got my inter preter to ask him if ho knew at which end it went off, and at this query he hurled the machine into a wayside pond and rode away as if to break his neck. "We came across a chum of his an hour or two later the same day. He, it appeared, had been robbing a Greek Church, and for his share of the loot had brought away a gilt candlestick 8 or 9 feet long. He invited me to taste tho metal to assure myself it was gold, and was unslmknble in his belief that it was solid. He was indeed so wedded to that opinion that I hardly thought it worth while to dispute tho point with him. There was it third of the tribe who afforded for our observation quite a drama of greed and cunning and rage. Ho had robbed a Spanish Jew of his coat, and had done it in mere wanton ness, tho garment to all seeming being not worth a sixpence. But the Hebrew refused to be spoiled without a protest, nnd followed the march for days, scheming to get his coat back; If it had not been for this persistence the thief would probably have destroyed or thrown away the garment long before, for it was altogether worthless to him. At last, when he had worn out beseechings nnd menaces, the owner of the coat offered to pay for it, and day after day he followed, raising his price every half hour or so, until the thief's suspicions were excited. In the quiet of 'the night he made. strict examination of the garment, and found that tlio lining was stuffed full of little knick knacks in gold and silver, and tho wretched paper currency of the country. Alto gether I daresay ho found £20 worth thus hid den away, and having carefully extracted it all, he sold the coat to its rightful owner at an ex travagant figure. The misery and rage of that Jew were beyond all description. Ho was a picturesque old fellow, with a great sweeping mass of white moustache and beard, and a high peaked head of furrowed baldness. I could not follow what he had to say, but he said it with a gusto and intensity worthy of Salvini. I have no doubt in my own mind that he was quite equal to tho occasion, nnd that tho sentiments he uttered wero in full accordance with the exigencies of. the hour. Tlio fund of story to be found in tlio experi ence of war, whether tragic or laughable, is prac tically inexhaustible. If it were worth anybody's rending I could fill volumes out of the reminis cences of that one year. But I have no room for volumes here, nnd can only for nn hour or two dip my hand into the lucky bag of memory and bring out the thing first grasped. I made acquaintance in Constantinople with a gay, handsome and light hearted young giant who had been in the fourth Kiiuig's Dragoons, and had fought through the Franco-German war. "Wo stayed together in the Byzance Hotel in the Grande Rue dn Pern. He was more than half an Englis hman.buthnd been bred in Hamburg, nudull his sympathies and proclivities were German. Ho was a bright, harum-scarum fellow, and had gono out to join the Polish Legion and to fight for the Turk against Russia. We got to bo good friends, and one day I gave a littlo dinner party at which ho was one of the invited. I had asked for the same evening a French officer of cavalry, and when the two eqcountered it was impossible not to notice the strange looks they cast upon each other. Ordinarily each of them was bright and quick in conversation, and bub bling over with high spirits. Now they sat gluin nnd silent, and as tho dinner went on something of a chill fell on us all. In the courso of half an hour the truth came out. Tho young German officer had seen his ' only brother cut down at his side in a cavalry charge, and had crossed swords with tho man that had killed him. Theso two 'guests of mino had la3t met on the field of Gravelotte, nnd now sat together at my tnblo. A question or two, an answer or two, resolved the whole business, and they both got up and went away. There was no ill blood between them, but it was not easily possiblo to sit at the same table with n man who lind slain nn only brother, or with tho man whose brother you had slain. Tho dinner party, which might have been a very joyful p flair indeed, languished sadly, and we had little to talk of or think, of but this tragic and strange encounter. Now that I come to look back upon what I havo written, it looks rather liko Hamlet with out the ghost. Tho raison d'etre of tho whole thing is loft out of it. Tho campaigning memories hardly touch the campaign at all. Suppose we havo ono peep at war beforo we part company. It was in the rainy season, nnd wo were marching upon Plevna. All tho officers, of every grado nnd every arm, in a force of 20,000 men, were gathered together in tho chill of tho morning upon a misty hill top. Below tho hill to tlio left and to the rear lay the curving, muddy road by which our march had led us, and a milo away to the front we saw tho little village of Avlanitza, with the morning mist pretty thickly about it and above it. - A straight unwavering column of smoke rose out of the mist, just at the crossing of tho river, and we conjectured rightly that the Russians hod fired the bridge. "Whether tho enemy still lurked in the village it was impossible to determine without a recon naissance, and a mere handful of Cossacks, per haps a score, wero sent out to feel the way. "We watched them from Avlanitza hill top as tlicy rode, now blurred by low lying cloud and driving rain, now lost to sight altogether, and now with the burnished steel of their accou trements glistening in answer to somo scattering watery gleam from the morning sun, which struggled fitfully against the damp discomfort of tho morning. At last the men disappeared in the river fog which wrapped the village, and the strained expect ancy was broken by a dull sound of firing a mile away, which sounded as though it were filtered through blankets to the car. A minute Inter and our fellows came flying back again, flying for dear life, stretched nt full length upon their horses, Circassian and Turkish-Cossack fashion, and firing backward as they rode. Here and there a horse ranriderless, anil herb and ' there a mnn unhorsed ran his hardest through the heavy mud, or turned to fire. Behind the flying lmndfnl came thrice its number of Rus sian Cossacks, yelling liko fiends, and plying whip and spur. At the foot of tho bill our cavalry lay hidden behind the rising ground, and whon flying friend nnd following foe wero within 100 yards, a detachment of 100 or thereabouts set out full tilt to meet them. The pursuers turned, but their onslnught find been so impetuous and unguarded tlmt tlio forces were almost mixed, and the clash of steel on steel was heard above the flying thunder of tho hoof boats, and tho thick crackle of carbine fire from either side. Then there wero more horses running loose, and every here and there horses dead upon the road, and from our coign of perfect safety we could see tho men crawling from the roadway to the Boddcn fields. The hurrying mass of noise and smoke and fire swept onward towards the vil lage, and onoe again pursuit was turned to flight. A Russian cavalry force, fully four squadrons Btrong, burst from tho villago and swept tho Turks before them in a flight moro wild than that of their predecessors ; and again, ' as they ncarcd tho hill, the Turks hurled a heavier force than their own against them, and ngain tho pursuers turned with n whole de moniac engine of fire nnd death behind, and a thunder of hoofs that seemed to shake the solid hill. They swept on at racing pace towards Avlanitza, nnd the flying clatter tlio hoof bents made upon the cobbled pathway of tho villnge was noisily audible, even through that thick air, at a distance of a mile. It was no more than a cavalry Bkirmish, and the losses on either side counted barely a score. It was recorded as the merest affair of outposts, but I never saw a pitched bnttle into which so much excitement was crowded. roorBondMaorc, who led the Ambulance CVv-n. nnd who, like so many of the good fellows who shared tho fun nnd danger and privation of that time, lias long since joined the great majority, slapped me on tho back with an excited cry, and shouted that it beat fox hunting. From the merely Rpectnculnr point of view, it was to my mind tho most brilliant episode of the wliolo campaign. Our men came back victorious, reporting the enemy in full flight, and when tho rising Bun had gathered force enough to dispel tho fog we saw the white tents of tho Russians on a distant hill, melting as it were liko snow. A sulky cannon shot or two said their good-byes, and wo marched on to tho relief of Plevna with out striking another blow. 