RAILWAY ACCIDENT NEAR QOULBURN. (8. M. Herald.) DKLAY OF ORDINARY TRAFFIC. News was received in town on Wednesday morning that a railway accident, with serious results, hail happened on the Sydney side of North Oroulburn. For a time it was thought thut the mishap might have involved loss o£ life and injury to limb, but fortunately such was not the case. Inquiries made on We 1 nesday night showed that the second division of the up eouthern mail train, due at Goul burn between 1 and 2 on Wednesday morn ing, was checked by the breaking of a rail this side of North Goulburn. As a result the whole of the train except the engine was derailed. The engine itself passed over the broken rail, but the disarrangement of the line caused the coupling to snap, after which each of the following cars was detached from its rear neighbour. All the carriages were derailed ; but the air-brakes applied them selves, and each was brought to a stand, after whioh they toppled over against a a rocky embankment. No report of serious iujurv to any passenger had been received on Wednesday night ; but rumours stated that several were badly shaken, and that one had sustained injuries by a portmanteau falling from a railway carriage rack. Almost immediately after the accident the district engineer and his staff were on the scene. The displaced rails were taken from under neath the railway cars, and speedily a diverging track was made outside of the obstruction. Necessarily delay was oc casioned, but through traffic was resumed at 10.15. The first train to pass was the express from Albury, which arrived in Sydney three hours late, and in consequence of this mis hap, the passengers by the down mail for Melbourne were delayed to that extent of time, occupied in transferring them to & relief train on the Goulburn side. STATEMENT BY A PASSENGER. The accident happened to the down south ern train, which left Goulburn at 2 o'clock Fortunately it was unattended by serious in 3u;y to the passengers, the personal injuries b»ing confined to a few bruises, each con sisting of nine carriages and an engine and - tender. The second division had proceeded about three miles beyond Goulburn when 0 u'u & to a defective rail breaking, the train with the exception of the engrine and tender was thrown off the rails. The driver of the engine readily took in the situation, and put on steam, and thus, by his tbou»htful Aef88;i,fr?nted T*he c;arria8e3 telescoping. At he place where the accident occuned the line runs along a precipitous bank oi the river on one 8ide, with a side of a hill on the other. F, rtunately the break was on the inner rail or the consequences must have been fearful Some of the carriages were thrown 3ft. from the rails into the* gutter! fn^il ,wH6llwere broken a«-* twisted into all sorts of shapes. Had the accident occurred about 80 yards further on the o?Uli£eyksn?Kblr-g couldITePrevented lo« of lite, as the lme runs along an embank ment baying a deep fall on eithe? ride After going about 40 yard, one of the carnages ran mto the embankment, causing brX' hSL™i ??'?^.ttW carnage t? lying across the line with a portion Ti The we injured, and messengers We Zf to Happy New Year!— W« wish a huppy. and prosp-rous new year to all pur couttiin poravieB ; and send a spf-ciul greeting to our Young friend the Temora Independent, wbioh is to be issued twice a week (uot bi-weekiy ; 1 wo would not stand that sort of progress ist hybrid compound of Latin aud Anglo Saxon really meaning once a fortnight). We sorrowfully aay good-bye to our old brothers chips of the Signal, and hope Murrurn hurrah may still hold it proudly aloft under the new proprietor. May the Southern Cross and Mr. Jj'ull Moon, its perennial editor, continue t') 1; shed their glorious light upon our neigh bours at Junee ; and may we who are the off- shots of Old Father times of G-indagai ever be able to look up with feeling;? of respect and gratitude into the wrinkled face of our progenitor. We send our beat wisheB also to our mote distant, yet equally friendly contemporaries of Tumut, Young, andWagga; and join heartily in the hope that the press generally of Sunny N«w South 'Wales may continue to labour for the ; progress and defence of tht»ir common country. 'We of the Cootamundra Herald drink a bumper to our brethren of the Order of the Press. (Cf* Acme corsets, 8/11 per pair at the Trade Palace. We import them direct from the manufacturer. {£f» Splendid assortment of Christmas and New Year Qarda at B. V. Philcott's. {£^* Tea, half-chest, and 7l)lh b-wt white sugar for £3/15/- at. the Trade Palace, and don't forget the quality is guaranteed, or money returned. Fiscal Debate.— The Hon. J. H. Oarruthers has agreed to meet Mr. J. M. Chanter, M.P., and have a public debate at Narandera on the fiscal question. Date not yet fixed. Mr. Oarruthers will probably speak in Cootamundra also. {Kf» The Trade Palace proprietor is always on the look out for novelties at this season of the year. {Cf» At the Hall of Commerce you can get Men's Summer Tweed Suits at 16/9.— G. ' and C. Attwood and Co. BCf* Our boys' white Drill Suits at 5/ 11 are worth 7/6 each. Call and see them.— G. and 0. Attwood and Co. Gundagai Incorporation. — It is now patent that the aldermen of the new muni cipal district of Gunda--ai do not want to proceed with the work for which they were elected. They first wished the Colonial Secretary to decide the point whether they were legally constituted or not, on the basis of population, and the minister replied that they were 'legally incorporated in accordance with the prayer of the petition ers:' but their subsequent actions show that they were not sincere when they re ferred the point to the Colonial Secretary, as, after receiving his reply they discovered new flaws, and have resolved to take a census of the population. After they have done that, they will still have another flaw to fall back upon, which the local solicitor has pronounced to be ' fatal,' namely, _ that Gundagai has been proclaimed a municipal district instead of a borough. If that flaw is a ' fatal' one, should not the aldermen yield up the ghost at once ? That would be a more honourable course than that whioh they have been and are pursuing. If they do not either resign or proceed to business, some one may \\-e found ready to take ad vantage of sections 47 and 193 to recover penalties from \ the derelict aldermen for neglecting or refusing to do that which by the -law they are directed to perform. Beware! At i meeting of the members of the Pastures aid Stock Protection Board held on Friday, ai Wogga, the secretary wa8 instructed to prosecute all persons who had failed to pay theirtasse3sment in the vicinity of Temora and Cbotamundra at the local police courts. A letter was read from th« Department, asking the board to consider the question of bunging hares under the noxious animals destruction provisions. It was unanimously agreed that it was not advisable to alter tie resolution passed on 4th September last, but deter mined that no bonus should be paiq for the destruction of hares in the Wagga district. K^- The Trade Palace bus no. profits to divide, and consequently can sell cheaper than any other store i; ?. .- {f^ Splendid assortment of Christmas and New Year Cards at E. V. Cuilcott's. Kf» Our Galatea Kuicker Suits at 2/11 are honestly worth 4/lii— G. and 0. Attwood and Co. The ' PmATOESS.'-rIt is said a large pro portion of the articles appearing iu news papers are written! by ladies. It wou'd appear there is some truth in the statemeut, and that some of theni are beginning to feel their feet, and disdain' any longer to act in a subordinate position^ but are marking out a journalistic career for themselves. A short time Bince we had to (acknowledge the re ceipt of the Lady ; now. as rising one step above her, in title at least, we have the Princess, a weekly journal, published by and in the interests of women. The reading matter savours strongly of the opinions ex i pressed by certain of the Sydney morning dailies, and we should not be surprised to learn that the writers to the Pyinacat also write to them. Politics, especially feder ation, get a larger share of attention than might generally be expected, and the paper is well got up and Contains some well written stories in addition to general news, fashions, -&c.; It belongs to a company, and can be obtained from R. A. Thompson and Co., 72 Market-street, Sydney. {^Important announcement. Just re ceived 10 trunks of ladies', and gentlemen s boots and shoes, direct, from the manufac turer at Vienna, by the German Steamer Kaiser 'Wilhelm II'V-Trade Palace. 3^ W. Turlandhas 611 the latest' Dance Music at Sydney prices. . \;i O^-Moore's Almanacs may be had at our defdt. Anthrax. —At a meeting at Wauga of sheep directors a cominunicifion was read from Mr. A. A. Devlin, statirg he had re ceived a communication from Dv Gr*nnontin which that gentltuuen stated that M. Pasteur was willing tointrnduce vficc;nution agninst anthrax iuioNew South Wales on favourable conditions. Mr Devlin desired the nssiatance of the board in bringing Mis about. It wasda cided by the directors present that Mr. T. W. Hammond should be asked to write to the members representing the district in Par liament, requesting them to urge the Government to take the matter tip. 0^=» Deaf Forty Years.— The descrip tion of a simple remedy, by which a com plete cure of deafness and noises iu thi head of 40 years' standing has just been effected, will be sent, free to any one who applies to J- H. Nicholson, 175 William- street, Melbourne Reward for lost horse. Adelong races on 1st and 2nd January. There was no juvenile concert on Boxing night. No issue of the Cootamundra Herald next 'Wednesday. Mr. OonneU's fortnightly sale at the yards to-day. (fc3» Splendid assortment of Christmas and New Year Girds at E.'V Ohilcot.t's. With 1890 the Cootunmncira Herald enters upon the fourteenth year of publication. (£f=* Call and see tb*» VHlue we are showing in Men's Clothing. Black Worsted Suits at 37/.— G. and 0. Attwood and Co. fcP* Have you seen the handsome display of Christmas Presents at W. Turland's Em porium. Messrs. Miller and Miller's sale to-day of 25,000 sheep, 50 Tumbleton rams, and 200 bullocks at their new yards at 11 a.m. Coolac races on New Yoar's Day, next Wednesday. Six events, one being a cigar and umbrella race, with owners up, to create a little fun. The ever active Billy Glas3cock is the promoter. (Cf* Men'a suits at the Trade Palace, only 17/6, the best and cheapest line ever offered On Christmas Eve the stores of the town looked particularly lively, and a large nura of people promenaded the streets. The Albion hotel earned the palm for best decora tions, the balcony bein» v8ry prettily illuminated with fairy lights and Japanese lanterns, &c;, which with every^iart of the housf) open, well lighted, and busy, and the addition of light pine foliage, made up a pretty and animated display. We are pleased to pay that all b'usiness*places were well patronised. Kf* Splendid assortment of Christmas and New Year Cards at E. V. Obilcntt'a. ft^» How is it, the Trade Palace sell so much goods ? Ana.— Because they sell so cheap, and give good articles The employees of the Corowa Free Press havf- been kind enough to send a Christmas greeting to the employees of the Cootaraun dra Herald in the shape of a card wishing a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. The object, we presume, is also to obtain our notice of this card as a work of the printer's art. The card is very naatly printed in gold upon a white enamel ground ; but we cannot compliment the compositor upon his design or the reader' upon his work as displayed in the card. Nevertheless, we wish the employees and employer and our contemporary many happy years of life and p osperoua times. {j^» G. and O. Attwood and Co. are show ing such pretty bags for Christmas presents, call and see them. {£f?» Nice assortment A1bum- Desks, Dressing Cases, &c;, at W. Turlands. 