OVER A HUNDRED. By Yauriex. In the shade I mean it would take a promoter to register the temperature in the side. For days in the thermometers hung in offices and doorways, in passages and collars, the mercury had been coquetting with a hot-blooded maiden many degrees above it. When warmed up to its work about 2 p p.m. it would creep coyly up and almost hiss the lassie's check. Then, as if all its ardour had been spent in the effort, it would slowly retire, till at midnight the distance between them was so great as to lead to the suspicion that if she was to be won at all, it would not be in Sydney, but in the country-not on the shores of Port Jackson, but on the banks of the Darling. To-day, however, the blistering breeze that from an early hour some dust and debris in the faces of those travelling north, the sun's fierce rod as a drunkard's, and the sky's unpitying c oudleBS noss, proclaimed that a final effort was to be made to enable the mercurial column to reach the object of its desires-the hundredth degree. So it came to pass that about noon men whose acquaintance- ship was of the slightest paused at sheltered Sydney street corners, spoke in gasping jocularity of the weather, and after a pause crept ignominiously to their destinations, hugging the high houses as they went. Great boat and great cold have a tendency to break down the artificial barriers between man and man. Thus in the Arctic regions captain and crew will huddle together in one miscellaneous mass to keep out the cold. In the tropical and sub-tropical they will loitering shady places and indulge in conversational familiarities to which they would not lend them- selves in more temperate climes. Spiritualists assure us that ghosts possess much the same tastes and peculiarities as the bodies they abandoned. Assuming this to be the case, it follows that the unfortunates who find their post-mortem residences considerably warmer than their present one will at least be on terms of engaging friendliness. Let us defy the sweltering heat for- once, and, loitering through the city's thorough fares, observe how some citizens while away the time. This is the extreme northern end of Kent-street, just before the latter, having almost through its whole length preserved a respectable level of propriety, dips abruptly into the sea. How similar is such conduct to that of many men ! Having plodded through life in a quiet uneventful way, just when you think them about to meet their inevitable end with the same respectable decorum, they show their true characters at last by, and a sudden fall destroy the confidence so long reposed in them. This Kent-street, once said to have been the abode of fashion and re- finement, has few traces left of its old-time consequence. In this it resembles some of those London thoroughfares before whose doors sedan chairs were to be found in last century, and coster mongers' wheelbarrows in this. For a highway that has seen better days it must be peculiarly bitter to be brought so low as to terminate in a ricketty wharf. It is like a millionaire dying in a workhouse. Down on the Kent-street wharf and out in the blazing sun perspiring man with murderous-looking hooks are hauling bales of wool as if life without an iron grapnel and a bale of wool to stick it in was a poor affair at the best. Round the public-houses and harbors' shops - in the vicinity, sailormen of every clime and elaborate under less are busy keeping in the shade, and comparing the banks to which they at present belong with those in which they once sailed-much to the disadvantage of the former. It is a fact as true as it is strange that, while farmers devote much time to inventing novel and intricate terms of reproach for their present vessels, the ships in which they formerlY ploughed the deep are alluded to with a tenderness almost affecting :-" Y' should a even the craft I first sailed in to Jamaica," said a round sea dog, turning towards the inn door, open and inviting ; " and now look at the-tub I " but the balance of his animadversion was lost in the gloom of the bar. It is from this point (Miller's), almost at the extreme north of the city proper, that various lines of 'buses start for their southern destinations. If you desire to reach the town's centre and avoid coup de soleil on the way, it would be as well to enter one. The half comatose driver sits on top lazily flicking flies from his hors, s' purs, while carrying on a languidly monosyllabic conversation with the timekeeper. The animals' heads are protected from the fierce heat by means of linen or canvas coverings, through which the cars protrude, and by their perpetual motion keep the flies in a state of exasperating watchfulness. Whether these coverings are of any real use is a disputed point. Certain it is that when a horse falls dead in the street he usually dies not alone in harness, but with a cap on Round by Dawes Point is our way, and on the left, as we go, appear all the signs of faded gentility, all the symptoms that with houses as with men seem to say deprecatingly, "Ah! you should have seen me at my best." Tar and turpentine, donkey engines and marine oaths, are fatal to fashion. It is impossible to follow the stately march of Beethoven or the airy melodies of Mendelssohn with a steam syren bowling in your ears. So one by one the butterflies left for Potts Point and Woollahra, while their former abodes were given over to the lodging-house- keeper. But to-day, with the glass at 100, with the shutters closed, the blinds drawn, and the verandahs deserted, there is nothing to indicate the presence of life within except an occasional whiff of freshly cut onions, or the timid knock of a Chinese vegetable hawker with materials for the 6 o'clock dinner, at which hour the various boarders will be observed converging from the south on the doomed houses. Thus, while on the wharf s beneath and behind all is bustle, whistle, and profanity, the front is decorously dull silent as Iehmaol when Suwarrow and his Cossacks passed pitilessly over it George-street is our route, and, as we proceed, the evidences multiply that-to Use Mr. Spurgeon's famous expression it is hot, very hot In the wide city the man most to be commiserated to-day is the policeman on duty in some important thoroughfare. His dress, to begin with, is not suitable when the glass stands at three figures. Then the very pressure of the public keeps him constantly on the move, with no opportunities for those little loitering and blandishments so popularly con ' nected (untruthfully, no doubt with his profession.' He has not even the privilege of getting in the shade, particularly if his beat lies north and south and it is high noon. Sometimes he legs with pardonable dilatoriness under a verandah, or looks into a shop window on the transparent pretext that some one on whom he deems it necessary to keep an eye has just entered the establishment But the appearance of his officer in the distance, or of a fuddled man erratically pounding through the glare, destroys at once his vision of peace. It is an odd peculiarity of persons addicted to the vice of intemperance most observant people must have noticed it-that when they've had what they consider enough, and what the most unprejudiced onlookers consider a good deal too much, their chief efforts appear to be directed to securing a position so conspicuous as to invite universal attention. To-day, for instances against the corner yonder, out in the blinding sunshine, loans one who, from his dress and air of general intelligence, might have known that in the cross street and in the shade a few yards west might be found a convenient doorstep. But this terrible desire for ostentation has possessed him. Happy himself, he little thinks of others' misery in contemplating him. He looks a person of standing a country storekeeper, or mayhap, a suburban hay and corn dealer in a large way-and so instead of sidling up the bye street taking in- the vacant doorstep, and looking fixedly south, he stubbornly keeps his back to the blistering corner and blacks doggedly north. The constables position was painful, To tell the person at the corner to "move on" would have been irony. to move him off would entail a long tramp in this the as solar glare with a voluble and perhaps abusive companion. But the 'bus rolls by leaving the bewildered tradesman babbling at the noon- day sun, and the unhappy peace officer cogitating on the best course to follow. It is the corner of King and George streets where we alight. A sound of music floats on the fervid air, and, although the musicians are in- visible, the vibration of the strings and the character of the melody assure you that just round the corner, in Pitt-street. three fiddles, a clarionet and a harp, in the hands of five foreigners, are grappling with the chromatin in the Shadow dance from Dinorah. An appropriate time truly for if any- one but a shadow, or at least the man skeleton of a travelling show could dance on such a day, he has so far kept out of sight. One would think that with a temperature to which the inhabitants of even the long Mediterranean Peninsula were unaccustomed they would stay at home to-day, or if they would play, play in a collar. But the Italians wow always a pushing race, especially when they saw anything to be gained by it It is not long since they pushed poor Pio None off his throne, tiara and all. To-day they push themselves?, not alone into Africa, but into the Central European Leagues, tearing France to shift for herself France, but for whose help the Austrian sabre's cursed clank would still be heard in the Cathedral of Milan and on the stones of Venice ! That these Italians earn considerable sums in Sydney is obvious, if only from the fact that every' now and then a whole band disappears and is at once succeeded by another, whose members play similar airs, speak the same maddening English, and to all appearances perform on the very same instruments as their predecessors. It would seem as if one troupe, when gorged with Australian gold sent to the Poor the Tiber for similar performers, on the understanding that the latter on arrival will buy the goodwill of the businBiS and take the fiddles at a valuation. The northern side of King-street is, of course, the side to croon along to- day. As well as scouring whatever shelter is going, the public-houses and " squash " establishments on the opposite side are under your purview all the way. Why it is that the southern portion of the King-street block between George and Pitt streets should be so fast," while the northern is so sodato- not to say strait-laced is mysterious. It merely teaches how of two brothers in the same family, brought up side by side, and going each other constantly, one may turn out a credit to his parents, while the other shows the bad drop from his cradle, and cannot go straight Thorn's northern King-street, for instance, between the boundaries mentioned. On this blighting afternoon what is to be seen through the windows ? Well-conducted employees selling various kinds of underclothing, and respectfully asking "What next?" or spruce damsels tripping along, soliciting orders for wholesome mutton chops and innocuous beverages. Now look at the other side, and what a spectacle! The contrast is painful. Flanked by public-houses with three or four more establishments of a like kind, and half-a-dozen cigar shops wedged in between, it is easy to see that a downward career was before it from the start. But for the air of respectability given it by a butcher's shop about the middle, the prospect would indeed be dreary. Another redeeming feature, too, is the comparatively harmless establishment where ice-cold water, lemon, and sugar are converted in a twinkling into the most seductive of drinks. It is a remarkable fact that when a fresh food or drink is found to be pleasant and wholesome, some person, with the privilege of placing a number of large letters after his name. cargos to warn the public that, compared with the new compound, prussic acid is more calves feet jelly. Among the curiosities of literature there is nothing more curious than the vicious things doctors have said of every article of man's consumption from tea to tobacco. As if to spare them, however, the persons who used the prescribed substances almost beyond moderation were the very ones who lived happily, and died full of years, having first buried two wives or six husbands. " Squash," too, like coffee and snuff, has already been condemned by the faculty. Therefore let us cross the road and try one, as the sun is still high in the heavens and the glass still at 100'. 