4 THREEFOLD CONCEPTION IX OF LIFE. (By Rev. R. W. Dale, D.D.) ' The new man which after God hath been created in righteousness and holiness and truth. — Ephesiaxs iv., 24. ' The new man, which is being renewed unto know ledge after the image of Him that created him.' — Oolossiaxs iii., 10. Let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flnuli anil sniril.. wrfw- Hnv hnlinMa in fho -fno,. nf God.'— 2 Corinthians vii., 1. I found these texts quoted togethe r in the well- known treatise on Christian Ethics, by Professor Herlitz, of Berlin. Theyare quoted by him in some other passages in illustration of three different concep tions of the Christian lite which appear in the New Testament. I have taken these three because they all occur in the writings of the Apostle Paul. They are, therefore, different conceptions of tte Christian life held by the same man ; and they do not represent three different types of life and thought which cannot exist together. Let us look at them one by one, and try and lay a firm hold of each before we pass on to the next. In Ephesians iv., 24, Paul speaks of the 4 new man which after God hath been created, in righteousness . and holiness and truth ; that is, in ideal -perfect holiness. It ' hath been created It looks as if the Divine work was done once for .all, and it remains. So in another passage, written many years before, Paul says. 4 If any is in Unrest he is a new creature,' or like a new creation, 4 the old .-thinsrs .-are- passed away ; behold they are become new.' That is a complete, decisive, and, as Lm&y; say, a finaT change. What remains to be -done ! All things have become new and God cfieeted it. And earlier in' this passage to the Ephesians Paul says— For. we are -His work manship, created for Christ Jesus for good works, which God afore prepared that we should walk in them.' Created in Christ Jesus ; God's workmanship ; His power, His goodness effected everything, ' effected it at the moment, whether we were conscious of it or not ; at the moment when we came to be in Christ by our own consent, by faith in Him -.is Lord and Saviour of mankind. It would be easy to quote a much larger number of passages to show how immense a change passes upon men when ilo use the New Testament phrase) they believe in Christ, or are born aga;n. Such men are described as dead to sin ; they have risen from the dead ; they are alive to God ; they live in the Spirit, the Spirit dwells and lives in them ; they are sanctified in Christ Jesus; they are saints by the Divine call ; they have not only received the remission of sins, they are members of the body of Ciirist, so that the love of Christ is the rs and they are the organ of His thoughts and of His will. The apostle John, as you remember, puts the case with still greater strength, 'He that is the be gotten of God doeth no sin.' He cannot sin because iie is the begotten of God. But the 'main point on which I want to insist this morning is that according to this conception of the Divine life in man it is the result of one great and decisive Divine act. Christian men are born of God ; they have risen from the dead by the power of God ; th?y are now a new creation, and have been 'created m righteousness and true holiness.' It was this profound conception which governed the great evangelistic revival of the last century, which inspired it with passion, which gave it intensity and awful earnestness to convert men to prevail on them to repent ; that is, to make a change m the great ends of life, to prevail on them to trust in Christ. This seemed to the leaders of the revival to be the supreme work of the church : for the difference between a man who does not trust Christ and the man who does is so immense that it cannot be exaggerated ; it is infinite ; the sins of the one are not forgiven ; the other can say, ' As far as the east is from the west so far hast Thou removed our transgressions from us.' The one man is dead < to use Paul's word) ; the other is not only alive but lives in the power of the life of God. One is out of Christ, the other is in Christ ; the one is fiesh, the other spirit ; the one is under the power of sin, the other is God's workmanship, created in Jesus for good : works ; the one has a nature with the seeds of corrup- : 1 ion in it, the other 'after God, has been created in righteousness and holiness and truth.' The difference, I say, is immense and infinite. The transition from one condition to the other is the crisis in a man's history ; it is the beginning of eternal blessedness and glory; and the transition is attributed wholly to God. It is being born of God; it is a resurrection accomplished by the power of God; it is a new creation as truly Divine in the force which accom plishes it as the creation of the heavens and of the; earth. Therefore, it is in no sense our work. "We must trust God for it. And, further, when a man believed, he was told, and told rightly, that he was; saved both from sin and eternal death. Yes ; that- is one great truth, but it is not the whole of it. We pass on to the second text-, Colossians iii., 9., 4 Ye have put off the old man with his doings, and, hath put on the new man, which is being renewed1 unto knowledge after the image of Him that created liim.' 4 Being renewed' that gives us quite another conception of the Divine life that is in us. The ideal inan that was created in Christ Jesus; ' created in righteousness, and holiness, and truth.' The ideal man was born of God ; the ideal man that rose from the dead to live unto God is being renewed; the creation of that ideal man, then, was not God's final word. When that ideal man was bom again the MjflTlfl fillVUl 1 T1 of OAn on +<% n r.r t Vi/t L/m/llll D ' V tUiLV LUU Uvll vvllCv Ia7 t4v v j UC " 4 UW independent of his Divine origin. When that ideal man rose from the dead the risen life wasnotconsum- mated in its perfection and power. The new man, observe, is 'being renewed unto knowledge,' that kind of knowledge for which the Divine life is necessary; a knowledge which has a moral and spiritual character, and is not merely intellectual ; a knowledge which in short, is part of our spiritual perfection, and is neces sary to the purity, to the energy the fire and joy of t he spiritual life of man. You have, in fact, in this second passage the great truth of which I have already spoken, and a second truth of equal importance. The new man was created by God — yes, and is now being renewed by God. For Divine creation is not a mere mechanical work. It is wholly different from all work of ours. The builder builds a house, and when it- is built he lias done with it ; he leaves it ; he may never put his hand to it again, may never see it again, lie may go twelve thousand miles away, still the house stands. An artist paints his picture ; it passes from the easel, it is hungon the walls of tliegallery ; he has done with it ; he does not stand there day by day with brush and pallet, keeping the yellows brilliant and thepurples rich, and the browns mellow. When he has painted his picture and framed it and varnished it his work is finished ; it remains the -delight and admiration of men for many generations after the artist is dead. A poet writes his v<.ies, prints them, and he has done with them. The pathos, the beauty, themusicof them remain ; they touch the hearts, they charm the ears, they kindle tha imagination of millions in many ages and many lands, long after his own heart has ceased to throb and the fire of his own genius is quenched. He himself may outlive the power to find joy in his own creation ; others may be touched by verses of his which touch his own emotion no longer. This is not the kind of relation between God and his creations. He transcends the universe, but lie is immanent in it ; it exists only as long as He sustains it. If He were to let it go it would pass into chats— into nothing. Its enduring forces are the witnesses to His eternal power. Its order is the revelation of His supreme sovereignty. One of the ultimate, perhaps, unsolvable problems of the higher philosophy is to determine how while assuring the Divine immanence, we can find place for the freedom of evil forces, which mar the complete fufilment, in fact, of the" Divine idea and purpose. But, however difficult that problem may be, it remains true that for us Christian thinkers the universe has its being in God. ' Through Christ ; as Paul -says, 4 all things were created, in Christ all things consist? or hold together. The universe, this vast temple which God has builtfor" Himself and us, would not stand if the builder were to leave it : its foundations would shake, its walls would be rent, it would sink into ruins. The glory of mountain, lake, and river would not remain like the artist's picture if the Divine artist were to leave it ; every outline would lose its firmness and grace, every colour its softness or its strength, and the canvas would forget the beauty which had covered it. The revelation of thought which God has given in all created things would not remain if He, the Teacher and Poet, ceased to liveorceasedto speak. "The voices would be dumb, the symbols would lose their meaning, the great poem Would perish ; it remains only as long as living in spiration is in it. God creates, ana, as we are accustomed to say, He sustains what He has created. The word is inadequate ; it suggests a too mechanical and too external a relation between God and what He has made. His action might almost be described as a continuous creation. His power is within . every created tiling, active, persistent, or-wjiat He has created would cease to be. He thought it within every created thing, determining, maintaining, what philosophy calls its form, the chacteristic mode of its existence. The sun rises over sea and land, and creates the day ; but the sun renews the day from moment to moment, or the day would pass baek into were it not for the great power of God, ever active, all things .would cease to be. He bears through millennium after, millpnninm -the mighty burden of heaven and eartb, unexhausted byifaawful weight, imdisturbed by its infinite complexities— He fainteth not, neither is He weaiy, and HQs strength is unspent.' The new man was .created by . Him in righteousness and ideal holiness ; day by day the new man is kept new by the fresh and continuous, activity of the same power that brought the new life into being. Every moment in a true sense we are born again, juBt as the stream has the continuous birth from the mountain, and the light from the sun; every moment we are arising anew from the dead, : evdry moment there passes into us afresh the energy of the creath power ; we are being renewed into knowledge after the image of Him that created us. And therefore as we begin to live in answer to our faith so we continue to live in answer to our faith. "We never stand apart and alone." Yesterday's inspi ration gives us no light to-day; the power of the Holy Ghost that was active in us yesterday is un availing for to-day's righteousness. The new man requires new life, and requires it from God. And if the new life is withheld it will become what Paul calls the old man with-its "deceitful lusts. And this new life being a lifg of faith is also a life of continuous prayer. What is the real meaning of indisposition to prayer ? It means that the spirit of independence is mastering us, and for us independence means death. We are living only as God lives in us ; we are power less apart from Him ; we are righteous in the strength of His righteousness; we are branches, not roots, members that are dead if separated from the body. All that we seem to achieve is achieved by Him. He purifies us from sin, He is. the giver of holiness. Our relation to God being one" of absolute dependence there must be continuous faith and continuous prayer. That is true. Yet there Is something elseto.be said. Go on to the third passage in - the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, vii 1 . . ' Having therefore these promises, beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all defilement of flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.' ' Cleanse ourselves.' It is our work then, not God's. How sharp a contrast there is between these words and those which we have been already consider ing The contrast is so sharp that large numbers of Christian people have been quite unable to find, room in their thought and in their creed for both. There has been at some periods in the history of the Church an exaggeration of the first truth. We are hying in the hfeolGod, and that has led to quietism and quietism usually is unfriendly to robust morality . It has led to antinomiani sm, and antinomianism frankly declares that for the Christian man the moral law has no authcrty. It has led to fatalism, and to fatalism, there is neither sin nor righteousness, vita nor virtue 1t1 t.tla imkwcia on flia r.n Tio-nri flin nvomrotMifmn of the second, we must cleanse ourselves,' has sometime? led to a morality which has excluded religion altogether. It h«s led sometimes to the cheerless severities of a life of ascetislsm. It has led to the endeavour to achieve salvation by our own personal force and in same sort to merit it by good works. We must hold both. See how suggestive the phrasing of tliis last text is. ' Having these promises, let us cleanse ourselves.' Paul does not say. 'Having these laws, let us cleanse ourselves,' but, ' Having these promises, let us cleanse ourselves,' That is, we begin with promises, and we are passed on to precept; we begin with the life of God given us when we were created in Christ Jesus for good works and constantly renewed by the power of Tfis grace, and then we pass on to the exertion of the power that the life of God brings with it. For the life of God lives— it is an active for-e, it is not the great final result of force, it is itself a force, and the force is ours ; we dare not suppress it. But if it does not pass into act it is suppressed ; and the act into which it passes is ours. God gives us His own life and renews that life day by day ; therefore we have to Rve and translate that life into effort and conflict and self discipline, and all the exercises of a spiritual nature by which we cleanse ourselves from all evil. God does not give us righteousness apart from our own action and effort. How; could He ? It would cease to be righteousness: He gives the force which enable us to cleanse ourselves from all defilement of fiesh and spirit, and to perfect holiness in the fear of God. That is the glory of the eternal. It would be a very gracious thing if a great artist were to give me one of the creations of his hand ; how I should value it I Under grey and cloudy skies, what delight I should find every day in the clear blue heavens on the canvas, in the golden corn, and in the green trees. But suppose he could give me the genius and faculty which enabled him to paint the picture; that would he a greater thing. Yet I should never have the picture unless I used the genius and the , faculty. God gives us, nob the picture, but the power to'painfc it, and having received the power we have to paint. Or to change the illustration, it is as if Handel gave us, not the score of the Messiah, but the power to write another Messiah. That would be an infinitely greater gift G od is righteous, and He gives us power after our measure to become righteous even as He is. So you see the two aspects of the truth hold together ; do not, after all, conflict with each other. From God comes life— that is a Divine creation. By God life is sustained ; that is aDivind act, a continuous Divine act. Then we have to live that life out, or else all that God has done comes to nothing. God gives to the rose tree its life ; the gift is the Divine act. Yes, but the rose tree has to do its best having received life in order to fulfil the Divine thought that is given in the life, to maintain its struggle with unkindly winds and with cheerless weather and with unfriendly soil ; it has to live itself out, or else the Divine idea is not accom plished. And eo, to bring these observations to a close, we have to ' cleanse ourselves from all defilement,' and not trust God to cleanse us, apart from our own per sonal effort and strife. Or, as I have said, we have to paint the picture, not trust God to paint it for us. We have to write out afresh the score of that song of thanksgiving and of trust and fidelity to the Eternal that we were rendered eapable of writing in life and conduct. Wemust not trust God to do it apart from our personal effortand endeavour. We have to wateh againstlthe approach of the powers of evil; we have to learn as time goes on, what are those conditions that are favourable to an unfaltering loyalty in God, and whit are those conditions which are unfavourable to it.' wle have to consider our environment as far as that environment is under our own control, and have to ask, not whether this habit and thought, this state of circumstances and that maybe helpful or injurious to other people ; we have to cleanse them first of all ; we have to cleanse ourselves from all defilement. It is no avail to tell me that other men have walked in such a path and taken rib harm ; - that is their con cern.. My brother, have" youtaken harm in walking in that path 1 Have you considered how the influences that "meet you there affect the clearness of your, vision of the ideal righteousness, the keenness of your sen sitiveness to things eternal and Divine 1 Cleanse yourselves from all defilement, perfect in holiness, in the fear of God.' -A deep reverential, awe in ,the presence of the Eternal, a sense of the august majesty and righteousness of God, as well" as aglad" remem brance of his infinite love, is necessary for a perfect life ; and where the fear of God has no place, there can be no holiness. 