®k^t0i«iit0 ff lûUtm, ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, MAY 31, 18b9. TUE FORT ALMA RAILWAY. Thc imperative necessity that exists for pressing on with the petition in favour of tho Port Alma Railway is made plain by the parliamentary re- ports of the present week, telling of the persistence with which the Wide Bay members are urging ¿be claims of that district on the attention of the Minister for Railways. The gentlemen who have charge of the petition have not been idle, and the extremely grati- fying success which hos attended their labours seems to have galvanized into life again the old local opposition to the railway. A few days ago an opposition petition was announced, and since then it has been taken round the town, with what measure of success will no doubt be made public at some future date. According to the Standing Orders of the Legislative Assembly, all petitions are subjected to the scrutiny of a committee, to guard the House against accepting petitions containing offensive or inad- missible remarks. The framers of the opposition petition need not have the slightest fear that it will be rejected by this committee. It is one of the most inoffensively worded requests that ever was placed on the table of the HOUBB. Not even the most critical or sensitive of the supporters of the railway can feel annoyed at the terms in which the prayer of the petitioners is conveyed to the Assembly ; nor can the most acute or subtle intellect in the House, dis- cover in it a single reason why that prayer should be granted. Say the peti- tioners, "we the undersigned, humbly petition that Port Alma Railway be not constructed." That is all. not a line, not a word more. Why this re- ticence! The signatories, on» would fancy, must have some reason why they do not wish this railway to be constructed. If so, why is it not Btated to the House-surely it cannot be that they are ashamed to tell it ! According to our constitution Parliament is a Court; the petitioners for the railway crave that this Court will order the construction of a line to Port Alma, and g've many weighty reasons why their prayer should be granted. The opponents of the Hue, in the exercise of their undoubted right, ask that this petition be not granted-that is all. They do not tell the Court why it should not bc granted, they give no reason, allege no cause, lodge no objection ; their case is on all fours with thc roan who pleads not guilty, but neither by Counsel nor witness says a single word in proof of his innocence. They do not say that in the slightest dpgree they will be preju- dicially affected by the railway : if they thought they would suffer by the con- struction of thc line is it not reasonable to suppose they would have said so, and craved the protection of the High Court of Parliament? Why then hat the petition been lodged ? That is the question thc community asks, that is the question Parliament will ask, and sc far as this petition is ooncerned the question will be asked in vain. The prayer of the petition, however, is not the sole request of the petitioners, They also ask for a ballot. But they do not present their suit to Parliament, which has the power to order a ballot they send it to tba Chamber of Com meroe, which can no more direct that a ballot be taken on this or any othei question, than it contd order that thc Port Alma Railway be built forthwith. This request for. a ballot is one of tb« most comical incidents of the whole con. troversy. It ia made to a body which bas no power to take snob, a Tots, and it ia limited to a small section of tba people interested in the construction ot this line. The Central Ballway ii tho natural highway for the commerce of a district which is represented in Par- liament by eleven member«, and the constituents of everyone of those mem- bers are all directly interested in tb» construction of the Port Alma line, -Sot the constituents of only three rf^,.'*" tentatives are to be consulted in thia matter-the electors in the other eight constituencies are to be ignored. Why this favouritism, and why this exclusion i Is it because the petitioners-believing that all the North Rockhampton pijofij*^ would vote against the Port Alma lil" in order to brighten the chances of tbe Broadmount achene-have a faint hope that they would get a majority in their favour in the two Rockhampton^, but are I firmly convinced they have not s ghost I of a chance in the country electorates! ' Supposing for the sake of argument I that this was so then for exactly the same reason the Chamber of Commerce would be entitled to reply proposing that the ballot should be taken in the eight country electorates only. In truth the Chamber would have stronger reason on their side, inasmuch as they would only do an injustice to the constituents of three members, whereas the petitioners, propose to disfranchise the electors in. eight constituencies. If this system of packing thc jury is to be introduced, of course, it must bo followed all round. If thc petitioners against the Port Alma railway are entitled to choose the elec- torates to whom they will appeal, then the present Government will also be allowed to say that the general election, when it comes, shall take place in thia constituency, but not in that. How would the petitioners like the boot when it was put on that leg î and yet such a proposal would only be carrying out to its logical conclusion their peculiar method of appealing unto Caesar. I Jn trutb, the whole action of the op I ponente of this railway is permeated j with a petty parochialism which cannot rise ona inch above the fancied and j selfish interests of its own little circle. The fable of the fly on the wheel is not a whit more ridiculous than the belief I of some of our citizens that the Central I Railway is the property of this borough, and was built for its exclusive use and profit. As the interests of the com- munity are higher than the interests of the individual, so the interests of the nation are above those of the town. The Central Railway was built by the colony for the service of the people of the whole Central district, not merely for the convenience of that section of the people resident in this town. In any action therefore which Parliament-as the guardian of the interests of the coloi*y -may take, it will ask what is bestjj»» tbe people of the Central District, not what would gratify a minority of the residents of Rockhampton. ThiB national aspect of the question is -above and beyond all others, and nothing can be I more futile than to ask either the [ Government or Parliament to look at the matter from any other standpoint. At one time there was an opinion ' current here that the construction of a railway to Port Alma would mean tbe I death knell of Rockhampton. There was never any sound reason Cor this belief, it has been pointed out again and again in these columns that not even a mad- man would propose to build a town at Port Alma, while on the other hand the present break in the line outs us off from the traffic continually passing and repassing along the Queensland coast. We are like a half-stagnant lake past which flows a bright and brimming; river ; make this opening, and the river of Queensland commerce shall pass through and not by our town, giving life and variety to our Btreeta, and profit and employment to oar ' people. The old belief that in ex I elusion, in being in a back lane in ! stead of on a great highway, lay pros- perity and plenty, has now nearly j vanished ; the fact that the construc- tion of the railway is not even alleged I in the counter petition to be detri 1 mental to the interests of the town showB that this opinion has died ont. The present opposition petition, there I fore, may be looked on as simply another example of the force of habit. 