TURF GOSSIP. Br ADGUB. No breeder deserves more encouragement from the public than Mfc Andrew Town, whose annual Bale of yearlings will be held under those glorious oldoata at Hobartville on Wedtiesday next. He has impotted from England s6me o£ the best bred mares to be obtained in the old country, and has got together a number of English and colonial stad horses whose breeding is of the most fashionable description. Blair Athol's son Epigram is best known to Victorians as the sire of the Champion winner Le Grand and Lothair, bnt many other winners can claim de scent from him. When Mr. Town fonnd that this horse's stock won big races he lost no time in securing him, and also Legend, the dam of Le Grand, who performed so bril liantly in Mr. Donald Wallace's colours; and another English horse that he added to bis stud was Cheviot, by Ad venturer (son ot Newminster) from Grey Stocking, by Stock well Quite as fashionably bred was bis imported horse Moorthorpe, who was by the English Derby winner Don caster from Alice, by Buccaneer from Go ahead (sister to West Australian). Then when Grand Flaneur had proved himself the beat racehorse of his day in Australia he was installed as one of the lords of the Richmond harem, and the fact of this horse being one of the best of Yattendon's sons was a Btrong point in favour of hie installation. Sardonyx, one of the gamest ot Fireworks* sons, also found a place there, and so did Segenhoe, who won the Maribyrnong Plate like a race horse of the first water. Chester's success naturally directed the Richmond studmaster's notice to his brother Monmouth, whom he secured, also Goldsbrough's brother Glouces ter, and finally that grand old Bon of Musket, Trenton, was purchased, to fill the place vacated by Maribyrnong, who had done Buch good service for his owner. Xike a wise man Mr. A. Town has not always confined himself to bis own sires, as this year's cata logue will testify, for Goldsbrough's name will be found in several of the yearlings' pedi grees. This much in the way of preface, and now let us. take a cursory glance at the list which Mr. Clibborn baa forwarded. He will com mence operations with a colt by Goldsbrough from Meditation, and I would point out to intending purchasers that this colt on the dam's side descends from the Hon. John Lord's imported mare Mirror, from whom have descended Nelson and mauy other good performers. The seoond on the list is also a son of Goldsbrough from the Yattendon mare Ipomea. Most largely represented in the catalogue is Grand Flaneur, who seems to have been very liberally patronised, wisely I think, for so "brilliant a racehorse will surely some day beget one as good as himself, ana who knows but it may be amongst the present batch. The lint of his stock to be submitted iB a colt from Belle of Cobham, a youngster some thing after his own image, and, his dam being a Restitution mare, I shall be disappointed u he does not prove a stayer. Another colt that I fancied when I viBited the stud a short time ago was the son of Grand Flaneur anil Sophietiua, full sister to Rusk, the dam of the Hon. James White's flyer Rudolph. Then there is a nicely-bred colt in one by the same sire from Paradise, who runs back to ! Fisherman's 'dam Mainbrsce, Ftiahionably bred( too, ip the oolt by Grand Flaneiir from Gondola, by that good horse Paul Jones. A successful .family tB represented in the colt from Maria, whose dam Ave Maria was the dam of Reginald and Vesper, both good per formers. Jessie will be remembered as a real good mare when she sported Bilk upon the tacecourse, and there ia certain to be some keen competition for her con by Grand flaneur. Aa grandly bred a yearling as ever enteredla.sale ring ia that by Grand Flaneur from Alberta Victoria, whose granddam Thrift is the dam of the great English horse Tristan. She descends from Clink Bonny's dam Queen Mary and is full, of splendid lines of blood. There are several by the de funct Moorthorpe, and one of them is a fall brother to Moorhouee. The EpigramB in clude a full brother to that brilliant race horse My Lord, Othello, and Sir Oliver. This colt ought to create some brisk competition. Monmouth'* lot include a colt from Robin son Crusoe's Bister Aureola, also a colt from Rosedale, the dam of Iolanthe, Rosewood, and Kingsdale. Nina has proved a good brood mare by producing three such per formers as The Bohemian, Too Too, and Lord William, and as Bhe is represented by a colt by. Segenhoe (son of Maribyrnong\ racing men who believe in sticking to running families ought to keep their eyes upon this youngster. Sardonyx has a colt from Fair Alice, the dam of Esperance, and handsome little Somnns a colt who iB full brother to Mr. A. F. Smart's cele brated little mare Brown and Rose.' Old Maribyrnong left a couple of colts behind him, and one is from a family which old Fisherman was particularly successful with, that of Juliet This colt is from Vaucluse, by Rapid Bay from ChryBolite, the dam of Robinson Crusoe. The other colt by Mari byrnong is from Mosquito, by Irish King from Mobile. Robinson Crusoe, whose sons and daughters have been running, very well this season.has one colt, and as he.is ablack those who remember Navigator may have a cut in for him. His dam, Squib, is by Pis cator from Cracker, the dam of Pilot, Man chester, and Tourbillon, and here again racing men will have an opportunity of secure ing a colt. belonging to .'a successful family. Mike very taiufch' too the breeding of a Colt by Sardonyx from Fair Duchess, the dam of First Flanenr, and a colt by Oatcake from Willow Wren claims an excellent pedigree. The fillies number 32, the first being a daughter of Goldsbrough and Lady Exeter. When 1 was at Richmond I thought a great deal of this filly, and another by Golds brough from Le Grand's sister Lorelei. Smaller perhaps, but beautifully shaped, is the brown filly by Grand Flaneur from Atholine, and a filly by Cheviot from Queensdale is as nice a filly as there is in the Btud. There are two fillies by Robinson Crusoe which should attract special attention, one being a daughter of Telescope and the other of Olga, who was a good filly herself, and belonged to the family which gave us His Lordship, Lady Heron, and Argus Scandal Many of the fillies to be disposed of are from some of the most fashionably-bred mares imported to Australia, and those who are on the look-out for well bred fillies to race and then put to the atud could not go wrong in securing some of these, for they belong to some of the best English families. For instance, what could be better than a filly by Grand Flanenr from Banksia, by Wild Oats from Steppe, halt sister to the English Derby winner and famous sire Hermit? Tben another by the same sire from White and Blue, the dam of Blue and White and Tempe, as well as being half sister to the English Derby winner Blue Gown. A filly by Epigram from Goldsbrough's sister Sylvan is another that studmaBters should Becure, because she belongs to a famous family on the dam's side. There are many others of high lineage, who, after their racing careers are ended, will be worth a place in any stud. Last year there was a great demand for the trotting stock, and, as the descendants of Chiide Harold and Honesty have since proved their worth, there is sure to be a rnn upon them again. The lot includes a two year-old colt by Chiide Harold from the imported American mare Yioletta, and this youngster, therefore, is full brother to Yio letta, jun., and Viking, both good performers. Several others are from imported American mares and well-bred mares of Mr. Town's own breeding, and I fully expect them to make a very satisfactory average, for the stock I Baw was worth going a long way to look at, and certain to catch the eye of a trotting man. Mr. Town will also dispose of a number of thoroughbred mares, all stinted by the sires in the Btud, and those who own stations will have an opportunity of securing very useful animals. A special train will leave Redfern station, Sydney, at 7.50 a.m. on the morning of the sale, tickets for which can be obtained from Mr. Clibborn, and if any of our Victorian racing men find their way to Hobartville they can depend upon a hearty welcome from the Richmond squire. Nothing is heard of the plunger Benzon, who for a brief time strutted about English racecourses, the "observed of all observers." and created more excitement when he made a move in the ring than would the Prince of Wales. Like all plungers who have pre ceded him, he has gone to the wall. His life was of the shortest, but he made matters very lively while the money lasted. And so it will be while the turf exists. " The backer," Bays " Fortunatus," in Baily, " is the pro verbial Bport of fortune. He always gets the worst of the betting, evenlif the animal he backs is intended to rnn and win in the race for which he backs it As for the general run of backers, they seem to hare been in spired with Lheir penchant for behoof of the bookmakers, and yet thousands of men annually join the betting brigade, each hoping to make one or two lucky hits, and by so doing to put money in his purse. The incidence of bet ting is throughout against the backer, the oddB laid to him are at a false rate, whilst the layer undoubtedly knows most as to what are called 'stable intentions.' No matter if one moth with a degree of prudence shuns the candle, a round dozen will hasten to the light; the chances being, of course, that they will singe their wings; there are always a number of flies ready to accept an invitation from the spider to walk into the parlour, with what result we all know. The bettors of to-day who make money are those that are permitted to have a finger in the pies of the new*order of racing men ; it ia suoh only who obtain the best chance of making money. 1 Knowing the ropes/ they act ac cordingly, and whilst others have to depend on luck or their dreams in backing winners, tbey generally contrive to secure the cargo of 'sugar' they bave laid themselves out to lanu; in sober trnth circumstances enable them to bet on the ' certainties' of the race on which they stake their money." In Aus tralia we find that very often those who are supposed .to be " in the know " fare very little better than outsiders in the long run. Mr. Monaghan, the Tasmanian handi capper, has published the weights for the Hobart.Cup, and has succeeded in framing what appears to be a satisfactory handicap. In such a field Ben Bolt was certain to .be at the head of affairs, and if he were the Ben Bolt of old he would give a good aooount of himself. Mozart, too, in his beet form would have a show at 9st 21b. , but I don e fancy Boz at 8at 91b. over a mile and a half. Blue Mountain is, I think, about (be same animal as Ruby on the flat, and Mc. Bryants mare would moat assuredly have ft chanee at 8sb 71b. Chaldean is on* doubtedly the beat three-year-old in T&&. mania, and with Ben Bolt top weight at 9st. 71b., Mr. Agaew'a colt doesnot appear badly treated at 7s t 91b. Stonehenge has lately proved himself a good colt in bis own country by winning three handicaps in succession, and if he be in his beat form he should carry tbe popular colours of "Mr. Gilbert" into a very prominent poaitioQ. Moa ia at present an unknown quantity, but Oxford is well known to Victorians, and at Tat. 51b. he does not appear to be badly in. Gaiters is a moderate, but The Promised Land has a winning record, and should be in it at 7b& Perhaps the best-treated animal in tbe race is Crown Brand, who is not half a bad horse when he chooses to try; and if Highland Chief has undergone a thorough preparation he mar be heard of at the Taemanian meetings. Hawthorn is an uncertain animal whom I should like to see win a good race for the sake of his trainer, Joe Carter, as well as his owner, the Hon. Thomas Reibey. Cenobite has been doing well of late, and only the other day won a couple of races in his native home; he is a rare-bred one, and as he is certain to have full justice done him by Joe Powell, hia light weight may enable him to get home. Australasian' is a growing Swiveller horse at present in J.' Cripps's atable, and, if any good at all, he should run well under Bach a lenient impost as 6st 91b. Laura and Saucy both have the minimum weight, but I don't fancy either, believing: that the winner will be found in Crown Brand, Highland Chief,' or the best of the three year olds. The Melbourne Hunt Club; mean business next «ea$on. They have imported a new, | pack of fox-bounds of a very high class.. They are enclosing a paddock within their deer-park; at Mount Qerrimut in such a manner as to completely secure foxes therein against trespassing' oh the neighbouring farmers, and are constructing within :the> paddock an artificial "earth''and covert, which they intend to stock with foxes before the season commences. In addition to this they have secured 20 red deer from tbe Earl of Derby's celebrated herd at Enowsley. If these arrangements do not insure sport, I do not know what will. Ten stags and ten hinds constitute the lot of deer which will leave England next month, and arrive here by the end of March. By this selection of the sexes it is quite clear that the club are determined to keep up their stock tor future generations, and thus keep the game alive. With so much of the genuine article at their disposal, tbe hunting men of the metropolis are not likely to have recourse to any more " red herring " or " kerosene." A big crowd assembled at Elstern wick-park on Saturday, and those present witnessed some very fair sport. The trots, as usual, were very uninteresting, and Nectarine won the January Handicap easily enough. Lady Wilde, who is by Angler's son Progress, showed fair form in the Hurdle Race, and The Forsaken just managed to get fcooe in front of Summer for tbe Corinthian Kandi cap, though she had to go tkionjrh the crdea! of a protest, consequent «jr>on the nmre hattg ing towards Summer- " he rider of tbe latter, however, herS .Vise to interview the stewards for £oi-' riding, which caused the downfall of Aniur.ra and lona, and jeopardised tbe Jivw of Messrs. Griffiths and Cox. The stewards postponed the considera tion of both matters until Monday, when the evidence agftint: Hatton'was so conclusive that they aeterciined -to disqualify him from erer riding < train at Elsternwick-park, and the V.B.G. will no doubt endorse the decision. The protest against Hie Forsaken was dismissed. After Ilex won the Elstern wick-park Handicap the spectators treated Mr. S. Miller to a demonstration, which he seemed to enjoy, for he bowed his acknow ledgments and smiled. The crowd appeared to regard this extraordinary reversal of form as something not to be passed over in silence, and they hooted the owner of the filly most lustily. At Moonee Valley only a fortnight before Ilex bad run in the New Year's Gift, and she ran as if anchored, never getting near Mona or Tourbillon. I thought the filly perhaps was going off, but she dispelled that idea on Saturday by holding a good position throughout, and beating a good mare like Straight Shot very cleverly. Those who go to races are ever ready to resent tbe inconsistent running of horses belonging to men in high places. They don't take much notice of tbe smaller fry, who get their living by the game, but when the bigger men's horses run a bit in and out tbey give vent to their feelings in no uncertain sounds. Perhaps they are right; but on behalf of Ilex it. is urged that the distance at Moonee Valley was only six and three quarter furlongs, and that a good filly like Mona was handicapped therein at 6st. 121b., took Due off her l^js, and the latter never got fairly going. It is contended that had the distance at Moonee Valley been, a mile and a iurlong and a half Ilex would in all probability have finished close to Mona, but still the public is sceptical, and ever will be so while horses run last at one meet ing and first at another. I suppose horses are like human beings-they are not always in the vein; they have their days and their distances. For my part I should like to Bee Mr. Septimus Miller give most of the subur ban meetings a wide berth, and lay himself out to emulate the Hon. James White, by selling all his third and fourth raters, and confining himself to horses of the first and second class. He is young, rich, and fond of the sport; but I think he will agree with me that there is not much honour attached to winning prizes of £40 and £50 at suburban meetings. The annual general meeting of the members ? ot the Kyneton Racing Club was held at the Junction Hotel on Monday evening, Mr. Salathiel Booth in the chair. The balance sheet, which at the beginning of last year was commenced with a credit balance of £517s. 4d., showed that the receipts for die year were £41015a. 10d., and the expenditure £376 4s. 5d., leaving a credit balance of £34 17s. 4d., the amount of stakes paid being £247 10a., and incidental expenses £128,18s. Gd. Mr. H. Rawson. who moved the adoption of the report, considered that the expenditure was excessive in comparison with the receipts, and thought the item of £13 7a. 6<L for gatemen from Melbourne was too mucb. as for half that amount local gatemen could be employed: he also thought .that the amount spent in advertising was excessive. Messrs. Booth, Andrews, and other members thought it an advantage to engage strangers for gate keepers, as there was leu likelihood of favouritism. Mr. Rawson moved, and Mr. J. Hunt seconded, that the committee be instructed to curtail tbe expenditure in the direction indicated, . consistent with the efficient management of tbe clu1>. The result of all this wilfbe that the Kyneton meeting will become less- interesting than ever. Mr. S. Booth was elected president, and Mr. J. E. Andrews vice-president, and the following members were chosen for the committee: Messrs. W. S. Murray, W. G. Blair, C. F. Fraser, H. Rawson, N. G. Graeber. H. L. Buacombe, At Car&ledge;, and B. OFarrell. Stewards, Messrs. Buscombe, Blair, Fraser, Rawson, and Murray, to act in conjunction with the president and vice-presidents treasurer, Mr. W. G. Blair ; secretary, Mr. F. T. Lavender ; auditors, Messrs. W. GibbB and H. De Sauty. The committee will meet to frame a programme on Monday, and will visit the course for the purpose of deciding upon what improvements are necessary. The conditions of some of the chief races of the Queensland Turl Club will be found in the advertising columns this week. One is the Hopeful Stokes of 10 sovs. each, with 300 govs, added by the club, for two-year-olds. This race will be run at the spring meeting of 1889, and is open to yearlings of the present time. The spcond boree will receive 70 and the third 30 sovs., and geldings and fillies will be allowed 51b. Second comes the Derby, which will be run at the spring meet ing of 1890, and to a sweep of 10 sovs. the club adds 300 sovs. The St Leger of 1891 is framed upon similar conditions, and I would remind owners of yearlings that nominations will close with Mr. Greviile Pountney at the Q.T.C. office, Brisbane, or at the A.J.C. office, Sydney, on Monday, June 3. Racing affairs are looking up in the Kerang district, as a glance at the programme of the Kerang Turf Club will testify. The added money to the Kerang Handicap this year amounts to 125 sovs., 20 sovs. of which will go to the second horse The distance is about one mile and a half, and I hope to see Borne of our metropolitan racing men recognise the liberality of the club by nomi nating and running at the meeting. The other events consist of the Trial Stakes of 20 sovs., for borseB that have never won an ad vertised prize exceeding the value of 10 sovs. Time Handicap Trot of 25 sovs., about three miles; Hurdle Race of 35 sovs., about three miles; Flying'Handicap of 25 sovs., about six furlongs; and Selling Plate of 25 sovs., one mile. Entries for all handicaps must be in the hands of the hon. secretary, Mr. 15. C. Buscombe, before 8 p.m. on the 10th February. A bookmaker named George Tennant was charged at the Essendon Police Court on Monday with using obscene language and assaulting a gatekeeper at the Moonee Valley racecourse on the 29th ult It appears that he attempted topass through the gates with an empty gin case in his possession, but as Mr. Cox bad given orders not to allow any such luggage to PBSB, the gatekeeper stopped him. Defendant made nse of bad language, and assaulted the gatekeeper, and was fined £5 with £1 costs or in deiault two months' imprisonment It is becoming n custom among bookmakers to use stands composed of boxes, and I would remind the police that by so doing they infringe the act For the Sydney Turf Club Anniversnry Handicap 36 horses have accepted. The Queen, whom I regarded as one of the best treated animals in it, is not one of the num ber, but I notice that Manton still remains, though I doubt if he was left in intention ally. Cardigan, with all his weight, is in the list, and Csrlyon and Plutarch also remain. It Carlyon be fresh and well he ought to give a good account of himself. I like Recall very much at S*t, 101b., and Dilisk. Hller dale, Stock well, Kept;ranee, Loyalist, and Fernandez all well upon paper, but I ebailr leave a decided opinion until next week Referring to the rules introduced by the V.R.C. to govern euburb&n; racing, the New York Spirit of the Times eays " Our Aus tralian exchanges state that the Fmall meet ing nuisance ia annoying the .Vekey Citib authorities of Melbourne quit.' as much as they do our officials here in S\\-.v Yotk. About a year ago the Victoria .u ,. in-r Ciut> made an attempt to introduce rnlia which, if i they had. been carried, would have crippled the small clubs within a radius of 50 miles of Melbourne; but themembers, more thought ful than those placed in authority, deter mined that some of the proposed rttlesjshould be considerably modified, and that most of them should not apply to dubB situated more than 10 miles outside the metropolis. The general body of the members were wiser than the committee, Sot anything approaching ex treme legislation in turf matters ia 3ure to meet with opposition of an uncompromising character, and the members of the club saw in advance that if such legislation were car ried out it would threaten the very existence of the suburban clubs and cause trouble." I don't think the turf would suffer to any ex tent if some of the so-called suburban "clubs " were improved out of existence. The friends of Mr. H. Sampson (" Pendra gon," of The Referee) will be glad to hear that when the last mail left England be waa recovering from the severe attack of typhoid fever which had laid him low. Wherever the English language is spoken, that admirable little sporting volume, /forty's Magazine, is' read with pleasure. It has changed hands, and while much sympathy is felt for Mr. I'-aily's inability, throush no fault of his own, to purchase the property his father established, there is little doubt that the transfer will enhance the value of the magazine. The new owners are Messrs. Vinton and Co. and Walter Gilbey, the latter being eminently qualified to conduct the horsey pages. Most of the old staff will continue their work, "The Van Driver" sticking to his post, but " Borderer" takes farewell of his readers. There will be several country meetings next week, amongst them being those of Landsborough and Green's Creek, the former on Monday next, and the latter on Wednes day. , On Friday next the Ballarat Miners' Turf Club will hold a meeting on its much improved course, and there is bound to be a large assemblage and some interesting racing. Mr. Cullen will bold another meeting at Oakleigh-park on Thursday next; but as the weights will not appear until Monday, I cannot venture a prophecy. The January meeting of the Sydney Driv ing-park Club on the Agricultural Society's grounds on Saturday attracted a good at tendance. The Three Minutes Class Trot Race waB won by Mr. A. Bloomfield's Silver Clond, who won easily from seven other starters in 3min. lisec. The Selling Flat Race tell to Mr. R. Phillips's Juno, and the Handicap for Ponies, 13 hands 2in. and under, to Mr. Gearing's The Glen. The Handicap Pony Race was won by Mr. R Phillips's Mayflower, the Galloway Race by Mr. R. Pearce's Witty, and the Consultation Time Handicap Trot Race by S. Hordern's Maori (late Bobby) at scratch, who won by eix lengths from a very large field, the time being 5tnin. 4Cgsec. The members of the Tatura Race Club held a meeting in the Mechanics'-hall on Satur day evening, when it was resolved that the annual races be held on Monday, the 18th March. ^'b8; following programme was' adopted:-Maiden Plate, of 10 sovs.; Hurdle Race, of 15soys.; Tatura Handicap, 30 soys.; Selling Race, 10 sovs); Handicap Trot, 6 sovs. Mr. N. R. D. Bond was elected handi cabper. 1 ' Horaeownen who wish to be represented at the; Baxter's. Flat meeting on February 8 are reminded' that nominations (or the prin cipal events-Shorts Handicap, Shin Purse Handicap, Selling Hurdle Race, Baxter's Flat Handicap, Selling Race, ana Mornington Ladies' Bracelet-will close at 4 o'clock oh Monday next with the hon sea, Mr. J. S. Adams, llornihgton, or with Mr. P. W. Swords, nt the Australian Club Hotel, Bourse-street, Melbourne. The Geelong general entries will require attention on Monday next. The events which have yet to close are the Railway Han dicap of 75 Bova., Gonnewarre Plate of 75 so vs., Grand Stand Stakes of 75 BOVS., Selling Stakes of 60 BOVS., and Stewards' Purse of 75 eovs. Mr. E. R. Sparrow, the secretary, will receive nominations. The Shepparton Turf Club has issued a nicely-arranged programme for February 12. The bill ot fare consists of Handicap Hurdle Race of 25 sovs., Selling Race of 20 BOVS., Shepparton Handicap of 50 sovs., Trial Stakes of 15 eovs., Sires' Produce Stakes, and Flying Handicap of 25 BOVS. The Sires' Produce lias closed with 30 subscribers, and nominations for the Hurdle Race, Shepparton Handicap, and Flying Handicap will close on Tuesday next with the secretary, Mr. Harold i H. Turntey. The Horsham Race Club will hold Us annual meeting on February 12 and 13. The principal prize on thefirstday is the Horsham Cup of 75 sovs., and the attraction on the second day will be the Borough Handicap of 30 sovs. Nominations for all handicaps must be in the hands ot the secretary, Mr. W. F. Oabora, by 8 o'clock p.m. on Tuesday next. Entries for the mixed meeting at Moonee Valley on January 29 will be received by the hon. secretary, Mr. A. H. Cox, at the office, 5GJ Bourke-street west, on Monday next. There are Beven events on the programme, three for horses, one for galloways, and three for ponies. Entries for the Green's Creek Racing Club meeting must be made not later than 8.30 p.m. on Tuesday next with the secretary, Mr. J. Treloar, Green's Creek Hotel. Acceptances and general entries for the Camperdown Turf Club meeting on Anni versary Day fall due at 9 p.m. on Tuesday next The entries for the minor events of the Tasmanian Turf Club meeting on February 13 and 14 will close on Tuesday next The events to close are the Trial Stakes, Newn ham Stakes, Mowbray Hurdles, Tamar Hurdles, lnvereak Stakes, and All-Aged Handicup. Judging from the balance-sheet of the Victoria Trotting Club, which Mr. Thomas lluydon has forwarded me, the club is in a splendid position pecuniarily. Of course in the report regret is expressed at the question of the renewal of the lease being btill in abeyance. The financial statement shows that the half- year began with the sum of £2,COO at fixed deposit, while £'843 13d. 3d. stood to the club's credit at the bank. The receipts for the live ordinary race meetings held during the half-year amounted to £7,907 163. 10J., and the expenditure was £4,119 14s. 9d., leaving a surplus of £2,978 2d. Id. An extra meeting, for the beueiit of the charities, held in September, realised £1,184 14s. 4d.t and deducting the money paid in stakes, three sums of £149 10s. 3d. were respectively handed over as donations to the Melbourne, the St. Kilda, and the Brighton charities. The sum of £550 14s. was re funded in the shape of bookmakers' registra tion fee*, but still the finances increase, and the bookmakers now find that they made a mistake. The buildings and improvements on the course are valued at £3,500, and the half-year closes with £3,000 at lixed deposit, and £543 14s. lid. to credit of current ac count At the half- yearly meeting the mem bers will be called upon to elect a president, I vice- president, committee, and auditors tor the ensuing year. Mr. J. J. Miller has given notice of motion to increase the number of trotting judges from three to five. Mr. S. Miller has sustained a stroke of ill luck in losing his hurdle-racer Koolyte, who died from some internal complaint a few duyB ago. It is said that Mr. F. \V. Day has refused | £500 for Esperance, by Grand Flaneur-Fair Alice. The two-year-old gelding, Little Norman, who showed respectable torm in the spring, is dead. From New South Wales 1 learn that Abner, who was purchased by the Richmond River breeder, Mr. W. C. Bundock, for stud pur poses, is to be put into training again with a view of competing for the 500 sovs. handicap, which will be run at Grafton under the ausp:ces of the Clarence River Jockey Club in July. Abner is reported to be as sound as the day he was ioaled, and in that case the fine-looking son of St Albans is likely to achieve further distinction on the race course. The Rosehill Racing Club has taken a popular step in having abolished the charge ot a shiliing to the flat, and it is said that the Railway department is considering the advisableuesa of reducing the railway fare to the course. Irene, who won the Trial Stakes at Coraki, New South Wales, is said to be the biggest thoroughbred mare in training in Australia. She stands 17 hands 2in., is four years old, and is by Darebin from Ipomea, by Cir cassian. Owners who have horses engaged in the Hobart Cup must bear in mind that ac ceptances (3 sovs.) fall due on Tuesday next, on which day general entries will be received. At the eamc time acceptances (2 sovs.) for the Sires' Produce Stakes will need attention. The Btakes which close on Tuesday at the V.R.C. office are the Hurdle Race of 60 sovs., Trial Stakes of 40 BOVS., Elwick Stakes of 50 Bova, Goodwood Stakes of 60 sovs., Hurdle Race (secoud) of 60 BOVS. , Selling Race of 50 sovs., Railway Stakes of 50 sovs., Nursery Handicap of 50 sovs., Flying Handicap of 50 sovs., and Free Handicap of 50 sovs. The horses nominated for the Mooroopna Race Club Sires' Produce Stakes are Achilles, Liberator, Spark, Bathurst,-Reginald, Hermit, Dirk Hatteraick, Saunterer, Allidor, Bend Sinister, Columbus, and A. T., and those who have toals ;by these sires are reminded that they must nominate them with the secretary, Mr. W. J. Barrett, on or before Wednesday, February 6. Suburban meetings are increasing about Sydney, and one of the beBt appointed race courses near the metropolis of our neigh bours in that of Warwick Farm, which will be opened in March. The prizes will be rich, and one of them, a six furlongs race, will be subsidised to the extent of 800 sovs., while to another 500 sovs. will be added. Winters, the Victorian trainer, journeyed to Sydney last week with Mr. R. Phillips's ponies Mayflower and Jrino, and at the Sydney Driving-park Meeting he won a race with each. The Deniliquin Sires* Produce Stakes has not.filled tip so well as it ought tohavp, there being only 18 entries, and 16 of these are from Mr. W. R. Virgoe. At a meeting of the members of the club last week Mr. Virgoe gave notice that he would propose the follow ing at its next meeting:-"That non-mem bers be chained only *&f; the outside gate, and only members be allowed in free; also that the subscription for membership be increased from £2 2s. to £8 3s." Mr.' S. G. Cook has had one of his boys named Eales before the Brighton Court for desertion, bat, as the boy promised to return to bis service and behave himself, .be was let off with a caution.' After a long spell, which waa necessitated by an accident, the grey horse Dreamer, by Somnus, has been put into work at rieminp ton, under the care ot P. Bolger. Among the horses sent to Mauritius a short time ago was a very nice filly named Amazon, by Suwarrow. I am sorry to hear that she died on the passage. Mr. Cullen has received capital entries for the meeting to be tield at Oakleigh-parlc on Thursday next For the Oakleigu-park Cup 20 horses have been nominated, and this number includes several who have distin guished themselves in handicaps. By giving £200 to the Disposal Stakes the proprietor has attracted several tair performers, and as the stake is worth winning they will probably go to the post. For the Fairfield Handicap 24 have been nominated; there are 20 in the Telegraph Stakes, 9 in the Selling Hurdle llace, and 12 in the Ladies' Bracelet The usual number of special trains will be de spatched to the course, and they will deposit passengers at the gates leading to the grand stand. . . , , St Arnaud Racing Club meeting will tnke place on Wednesday, February 20. Ihe programme will be found in the advertising columns, and contains no less than 10 events. As usual the St. Arnaud Turf Club Handicap of 35 sovs. is the centre-piece, and there is a Hurdle llace of 30 sovs., as well as a Trot, Pony Race, and other events. Entries for the handicaps close with the secretary, Mr. A. C. Lawrence, on the 1st of February. There was some excellent pony racing nt Moonee Valley on Tuesday, end one event resulted.in a dead heat, Ramage, who got up in the last stride, again shining to great ad vantage in as brilliant a finish as ever was seen upon the course. Pride of the Lake, who won another pony race, is evidently a cut above the common run ot ponies, and I should take The Diver to be. a clinker among, galloways, for he lost ground by standing when the word was given, nearly fell at the back ot the course, and then won in the commonest of canters. I believe he had previously distinguished himself in New South Wales, but Mr. Vowles was totally in the dark respecting his performances, other wise he would not have been let off so lightly. Mr. Brannigan has a smart' three year old in Moonstone, who won the Hastings Handicap in the easiest possible fashion. Winnie, who was considered a good thing, lost all chance by stumbling on to her head at the start, and when the flag dropped Endurance whipped round the other way and took no part in the race. Out of seven races there were two indifferent starts, not a bad average for a beginner, as Mr. Godfrey Watson is. He evidently possesses all the qualifications necessary to make a competent starter, and only requires a little practice to become as proficient as his lather or brother. Mooroopna Race Club programme appears this week, and it will be seen that it con tains half-a-dozen events, chief of which is the Mooroopna Handicap of 45 sovs. A race which is likely to create some interest in the district is the Amateur Handicap for & cup value 10 guineas (the gift of Mr. L. L. Cowen), andlOBovs. added by Mr. B. Is'eaL The other itemB consist of a Hurdle ltace, Trial Stakes, Selling llace, and Flying Handi cap. Entries for the Hurdle Race, Mooroopna Handicap, Amateur Handicap, and Flying Handicap close with the secretary, Mr. W. J. Barrett, at Mooroopna, at 9 p.m. on Tues day. The racecourse has been greatly im proved since last meeting, and every effort has been made to make the public who patronise the meeting as comfortable as possible. Lumond's running in ? Tattersall's Cup could not have given satisfaction to anybody except those who laid against him. One thing is certainj it was too bad to' be true, und all sorts of insinuations were made, one being that the gelding had been "doctored." Feeling aggrieved, 1 believe the owner of the horse has placed the matter in the hands of Tattersall's Club for full investigation. The New Zealand-bred horse Sommeil, by Apremont from Hammock, who arrived here a short time ago, has, 1 believe, changed hands, but will remain in Mr. W. A. Filiate'a care at Flemington. At the ripe old age of 74 Mr. Francis Henty passed away a few days ago. The deceased gentleman bred a number of racehorses in his day, and when Monk ran second for the Melbourne Cup he carried his colours. Among recent performers bred by Mr. Henty were Cyclops and Mara. He was a sports man ot the good old school, breeding and racing more for the love of the thing than anything else. A general meeting of the Smeaton Turf Club was held on Saturday, when it was de cided that the annual race meeting should be held on Thursday, the 28th February. The following officials were appointedPresident, and judge, Mr. M. C. Donnelly ; vice-presi dents, Dr. Allen and Mr. T. W. Tracy; starter, Mr. G. L. Smith; clerk ot course, Mr. R. Torney; clerk of scales, Mr. M. Martin ; timekeeper, Mr. H. Gore; handi capper, Mr. G. Vowles; and secretary, Mr. James Martin. Several improvements have been made on the course siuce the last meet ing. In consequence ot the number of meetings that are being held in the metropolis, the stewards of the ltaywood Race Club have de termined to postpoue their meeting in definitely. .Messrs. Campbell and Sons will lipid a sale of useful horses at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday next, and another .on Wednesday. The Ballarat Polo Club races have been fixed for Friday, February 22, and will be held on the Ballarat Miners' racecourse. Redeedale Racing Club programme is pub lished this week. The meeting will take place on the 25th February, when half a dozen events will be decided. The Redes dale Handicap of SO sovs. is the principal event, and entries lor this and the Hurdle Race and Emberton Handicap will close with the secretary, Mr. J. Dalliston, Barfold post office, on Monday, February 4. Wyndham will be the attraction for racing men this afternoon, and, no doubt, the special trainB which leave Spencer-street will be veil patronised. For the Maiden Plate I have a fancy for Crown Jewel and the Evening Star filly. In the Hurdle Race nothing looks better than Quilt,.Marron, and Lady Wilde: and the Selling Race ought to be won by Lady's Maid or Little Dick. True or Dork neBS may win the Werribee Handicap; and tor the Summer Handicap I like Recruit and Umbra. ; JYbile proceeding to the last WiDiamstown meeting Beetaloo, by Sjivanaka from Gipsy Girl, - broke away from bis boy, and injured himself Very severely. An attempt w&s; made to save him, but aB'there seemed to bp no chance of a recovery he was destroyed a few days ago. - 1 , . Mr. R. Moffatt has 'received very fair entries for the Ballarat Miners'Turf Club meeting, which takes place on Friday week, ana some good sport is anticipated by the Ballarat folks. It seems like old times to glance over a programme of the Adelaide Racing Club. One appears this week, and by reference thereto racing men will find that Saturday, February 23, has been chosen as the date upon which the summer meeting will take place, The bill is composed of half a dozen events, chief amongst them being the Licensed Victuallers' Handicap of 100 soys., and a Steeplechase of 100 BOVS. A Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., Disposal Stakes of 50 BOVS., and Flying Handicap of 60 sova., are also included, as well as a handicap of 40 soya, for ponies of 14 hands and under. Entries close with the secretary. Mr. Daniel Dunlevie, Alfred chambers, Gurrie-street, Adelaide, at 4 p.m, on Tuesday, January 29. A meeting of the Winchelsea Raping Club was held at the Barwon Hotel, \\\ inchelsea, on the 11th inst, Mr. J. R. Hopkins occupying the chair. Ttie secretary reported thut the I receipts at the recent annual meeting amounted to £852 4s. 9d., and the expendi ture to £300. There was a credit balance of £47 17s. 41. It was agreed to place £40 into the bank, which would reduce the debt from £1G0 to £120. There was £35 still due to the club. The secretary reported that the owner ot Princess had intimated that he intended to legally prevent the club paying the stakes to the owner of Duchess, on the ground that Princess was the winner of the race. 1 fie Australasian, in reply to a question, stated thut, although the judae may have been wrong in deciding that Duchess won the race, yet that there was no remedy, as the judges decision was final. It was decided to take no action in the matter. The Avenel Turf Club races are advertised to take place on the 20th February. Entries tor the principal events close with the lion, secretary. Mr. U. J. Shelton, at 8 p.m. on the 1st of February. The Ballarat Polo Club races will be held on the Ballawt Miners' Racecourse on Friday, 22nd February. A repent.has been circulated that The Nun, who was disqualified in Sydney some time ago, had been running at Wnllongong and other places in New South Wales under a false name. I dou't think there is any truth in it. A range of stabling, consisting of 1G box^s, the property of Mr. I. T. Carslake, was^ de stroyed by fire at Caulfield on Thursday. The damage is estimated at £600, and as the owner had allowed his insurance policy to run out, the whole of the Joss will tail upon him. The Sydney horse Tilburn, by Kinsrs borough-Tibby, has arrived at Caulfield. lie has changed hands. Recall, in charge of his trainer, J. Nicolson, left Melbourne for Sydney on Thursday morning to fulfil his engagement in the Anniversary Handicap on Saturday next. The Queensland horses Ascot and Sir Anthony have arrived in Sydney. A great racehorse has gone the way of all horseflesh. The Barb succumbed to an attack of colic a few days ago at the station of his owners, Messrs. Wheeler. The Barb was bred by the Hon. George Lee.ol Bathurst, and was by Sir UerculeB from Young Gul nare, by Doctor. When a yearling, Mr. John Tait selected him as a very likely-lookim; youngster, for, though small in stature, lie showed creat muscular development, and he was taken to lland wick, and there broken in by James Ashworth, one of the best horsemen that ever got into a Baddle. He gave considerable trouble, and when lie made his first appearance in public he. ran very green, and was beaten, but in a handicap afterwards he won very easily, and jisu three year old was also triumphant in the A. J.C. Derby. Bulginbar defeated him in the Maiden Plate, but this was attributed to the colt run mug in plates. Those who witnessed the Melbourne Cup of 1866 will never forget how gallantly he fought it out with Exile, and de feated him. Then he won the Champion Stakee on New Year's Day, but injured one of his leet so severely that he had to have a spell, but was brought out for the A. J.C. St. Leger, which was won by Fishhook, but it was evident that The Barb was a long way from being himself, and it was some time ere he recovered from the gruelling. In the following ee^son, however, he came out again, and won the V.R.C. Port Phillip Stakes, which took the place of the Cham pion Stakes on New Year's Day. Then he crossed the Straits, and ran in the Lnun ceston Champion Stakes, which was won by his stable companion Fireworks; but on the second day, the subject of my notice won the Town Plate. He did not appear again in public until the Sydney Cup was run, and with Sat. 12!b, upon bis back he won cleverly. On the last day of the meeting he met Tim Wliiffler in the Queen's Plate, and beat him very easily, but on returning to scale it was found that Stanley was 21b. short of weight, and the stakes were awarded to Tim Wliiffler. He then went into winter Quarters, but in the speing be carried 9st. 101b. and easily won the Metropolitan Stakes. He met Tim WhitHer in the Craven Stakes, and BB the distance was only a mile and a quarter, it was thought that Mr. De Meatre's horse wonld stretch his neck, but he hadn't the ghost of a show with " The Demon," as The Barb had been christened, for lie settled the bay crack in a lew strides, and won in a canter by two lengths. Then on the last day of the meeting he won the Randwick Plate. Mr. Tint brought him over to the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, and nothing facing him tor the Hoyal-park Stakes he walked over. Then he won the Port Phillip Stakes on New Year'a Day. Such a reputation had he gained by his bril liant performances that, when the weights appeared for the next Sydney Cup he was handicapped at lOaf, 81b;, and this, it was thought, would stop him; but Mr. Tait was m no way dismayed, and declared that he would win. The public followed him, and the horse started favourite at 3 to 1. Holding a good position throughout, he came to the front at the home turn, and won easily. He wound up his glorious career by winning the Queen's Plate. Although The Barb stood only about 15 hands he possessed more wonderful mus cular development than any thoroughbred horse I ever saw, and I can easily under stand Mr. Tait'e assertion that be was such a wonder he did not know how good he was. Great expectations were formed of him a6 a sire, but he turned out a failure, Tocal being the best horse he ever got ? Mr. George Watson, who was very ill for a few days, is, 1 am glad to say, progressing satisfactorily. - It iB reported that the" stud horse The Plunger died a few days ago. The Mordialloc stewards met on Friday to finally deal with the suspicious late scratch ingot Tilburn for the Mbrdialloc Handicap on Thursday. It was decided that the owner, P. F. Lucas, be fined £20, and tbdt the matter be feferred to the committee of the V.R.C., .with a recommendation that the punishment be increased to the fullest extent in accord ance with rule 15, J, A.i Macpnerson was fined £5 for having*neglected to scratch JSclinae for the 14 Hands Pony Handicap. By-the-by, I may mention that "the horse Til burn is the well-known brilliant perftrtner, and in euch company as he had to meet,at Mordialloc he ought to have been handi capped at lQst., bat Mr. Vowlea was not aware it was the same horse. When he ran a dead heat with Newmarket he gave the latter 2st 4lb. Several special trains frill leave Flinders, street station on Thursday next for Oak leigli-park races. The first will leave Princes-bridge station at 11 a.m., and will convey horses and passengers. Then front Flinders-street special trains will leave at 12.13, 12.20,12.40,12.55, and L10 p.m. 