Society Jottings. A Dresden manufacturer has produced thread from the common nettle so fine that sixty miles of it weigh only 2Mb. Tbia will do either for ball costumes or ballet dresses. It is an open seoretthat the Queen has bequeathed the Osborne Estate to the Princess Beatrice, andBal moralto the Duke of Connaught, with Birkhall to Princess Beatrice, and Claremont to the Duchess of Albany, with reversion to her son. The hotel and lodging-house returns Ehowed that at the end of August there were 230.000 visitors in Paris ; 176,000 being provincials, and 54,000 being foreigners. Thia is the highest number on record; and during the 1878 exhibition there was no approach, to it. There is a story of the JateGenera! Grant that when diningwith the second Duke of Wellington, at Apsley House, a few years ago, he remarked to his host during a pause in the conversation, ' My Lord, I have heard that your father was a military man. Was that the oase?' a _ At Worthing recently a girl, 10 yeara old, wa riding a tricycle, when she fell from the machine ; and the handle of the brake penetrated her head through -one of her eyes to the extent of Sin. Wlea she was picked up her brain was protruding from the wound. On dit that two ladies, daughters of an Irish judge, and cousins of a, peer, are about to open a millinery establishment in Dublin. These enterprising ladies,, who were once well-known at the Vice-regal Court|, have been greatly reduced in circumstances by the land agitation. The Shah has fallen in love with the portrait of Madame de Pompadour. A Persian magnate in Paris has been charged to collect all the books and other documents he can find about her, with whatever pic torial images he can hunt up, and send them on to his Sovereign. He had proposed to her; and ehe was about to reject him. So she 'began : ' Well, John, to be plain with you ? ' ' You can't be plain with me ; or with anyone else. You can never be plain — never, never; you are too beautiful for that.' What could she do but accept him ? There are only two Boyal scientists living at the present time ?worthy of the name. One is Prince Albert of Monaco, well known for his deep sea re» searches. Tb e other is the Archduke Ludwig Salvator of Austria, % courageous traveller, and a by no means contemptible naturalist. The heiress to the throne of the Netherlands Princess Wilhelmina, kept her ninth birthday at the Hague lately with much festivity. A juvenile depu« tation from the Dutch schools paid its respects to the future Queen, the troops paraded, a. rustic fete waa held in the wood, and. fireworks closed the entertain* menis. The Queen will present a marble bust of herself to the Dnko and Duchess of Portland, as a marriage souvenir. She haa sent a life size portrait of herself to Prince Bismarck, in token of her special esteem. Her Majesty is arranging tne enormous correspond ence of her long- and active life, for insertion in many large volumes. Young English girls with fine hair may be warned not to wear their locks hanging down when visiting Paris just now. The police recently arrested a man in the act of eutti&g; off a long plait worn by en English girl, who was looking into a shop window. On searching his rooms they found sixty similar tails of hair, neatly tied up. The average American hotel dining-room waitress is thus drawn in Max O'Bell's book : A young woman, with an elaborate coiffure of curls, rolls and bangs, but no cap, approaches, darts a look of con tempt at you, and, turning her back upon you, gabbles off in one breath — ' Crontaupoturbotshrimp&Eauce; roastbeefturkeycranberrysaucepotatoestbmatoesapple tartmincepLevanillacreftni.' Sheet aTAd pillow-case dances cause great amuas* ment among the visitors at Davos Plata this summer1. The daTicers are masked and draped completely in white bed-linen, effectually concealing their identity. To add, to. the ghost-like appearance of the scene, partners invite each other to dance by signs instead of by words till about the middle of the evening, whon the masks and the sheets are doffed in time fox snyper. -Fashionable lady bathers at the American water* ing place t»£ Lone Branch wear all their handsomest jewels when taking their daily dip. So many jewel robberies occurred while the lair bathers were absent in the water, tihat it was found safer to take ear rings, necklaces, and bracelets into the sea rather than leave them, in the bathhouse or hotel. Some of the belles fairly blaze with diamonds, and pose in elegant attitudes on the sands to display their treasures. The Coailumpees' Picnic. — Mr. W. Carroll, vice-jyresident of the Ccallumpers' Union, occu pied the chair at a meeting of mem* bera of the union and others, held in the Lord Nelson Hotel, Miller's Point, on Saturday, for the purpose, of paying over the prizes which were won. at the Coallumpers' picnic held at Clontarf last Tuesday. The principal prizes were two silver cups — one presented by Mr. Frederick Woolcott Waley, of the South Bulli Colliery Co., for first prize in tha Members' Handicap, won by Mr. C. Hurley, anA a silver cup presented by Messrs. Mitchell and Woolcott Waley (the same company) as first pri'-a in. the Basket of Coal Bace, an event not yet de« cided. The paying over occupied some time. Paint made up with turpentine is a better pro tector of ironv,-ork than it is when compounded with linseed oiL 