THE STORY-TELLER. FOR MONEY OR FOR LOVE. By Mosa Caibd, Author of " Marriage," " Ideal Marriage," " The Wing of Azrael," "Whom Nature Leadeth," *' One That Wina," &c;, CHAPTER I. " The handsomest man I ever saw, and one of the cleverest. 1 shall be surprised if that fellow does not make hia mark in the world!" " Nonsense! he wont; he's d reared too well," waa the qnoted reaponae of a middle aged woman, who oonld not herself have pleaded innocent to the acouaation whioh ehe had joat hnrled at the sabjeot of diaoaaaion. | Uilbert Tbainaton, handaomeat and olever eat of men, had appeared in a rather sadden manner in London olrolea, where he waa now j taking the world by storm. He did every thing well: talked well, dined well, played billiards well, and last, bat not least, looked well. He felt, and rightly (aa his distin guished- looking, white-haired critio said), that charity begins at home. " Who is he ?" people used to aak ; bat the answer to the qaeBtion was never very explicit. Hot, indeed, that there waa any romantic mystery banging over him; Mias Tapley, the lond-voiced, excitable, good-natured, hostess of the evening was said to know all about his family; bat be eeemed, nevertheless, to hold a sort of meteorio position among con stellations of fixed stars. Aa far aa ap pearances went he was wealthy. Mrs. Jardine always became silent when people spoke about hia wealth. " I never met any one lesa easy to dazzle or oonvincethan yon are, Margaret," said the first speaker, with a langh, aa he threw hia vaat bulk into an eaay chair by hia cousin's aide, and looked on with good-natured amusement at the throng of people surging round them. "And I, John Douglas," returned Mrs. Jardine, with a scarcely perceptible move ment of the eyelids, which seemed to draw them together and slightly veil the eyes, "never encountered a man who would more easily take a lucifer-match, lighted sharply and pretentiously under his nose, for the radiance of the orb of day!" "You have some prejudice against the man," said John Douglas, whose great size and transparent honesty always acted upon j his interlocntor aa a sort of appeal — she j knew not why. She smiled and shook her { head. Her trnehearted, gigantic, rawboned Scottish kinsman alwayB sooner or later disarmed her cynicism, rampant as it was. The man was a sort of natural solvent to all forms of oynioiBm, uucharity, and hard ness of judgment. Thongh so free from guile, however, there was a quaint northern shrewdness in his composition, wherein hereditary pride of family aho took a pro minent place. The honest, simple, unthink ing nature of the man even gave to this Bentiment a touch of nobility, whioh is so foreign to it under ordinary conditions. It took the place oi a more intelligent iortn of ; Belf-respect. "Poor Miss Tapley is losing her head altogether over her pet lion." said Mrs. Jardine, as she watohea the effasive hoBtess beleaguering her guest, revolving round him, outtiug off his escape, pursuing him with fevered entreaties to siug, to dance, to reoite, to tell some of his delightful stonies, to take a lady to have some refreshment, to have some refreshment himself. " Ah! now yon come within my oompasB at last," said Mr. Thainston in calm and measured tones and gravely ourling hiB black moustaohe. "You have a trick of over rating my abilities which at once flatters and embarrasses me." Mies Tapley laughed wildly, creating a general impression of shrill olamour which made Mr. Thainston's eyebrows oontraot. "Lack of classic restraint," was his criti cism on the too enthusiastic lady, whose body seemed in perpetual movement; head, arms, hands, devoted, without rest, to in coherent gesture. " Emotional windmill, greatly agitated," said a rather small young man, with dark eyes and moustache, who was steading by, I and who addressed Thainston in a tone implying intlmaoy. Thainston gave a alight smile without dis arranging a feature, an accomplishment in whioh he excelled. "1 think ehe is going to marry you," pur sued Stewart Pember, pensively. "Doyou?"BaidThainBton, "Why?" '1 lieoause she loves you." "Enchanting old windmill!" exclaimed Thainston. Again he gave his undisturbing ■mile. " If she wonldn t Bhriek so I might do worso. She'd pay one's debts and think it a privilege. I wonder if she is curable." " Consumption mifght do it," returned Pember, not enoonragingly. " She lookB fatally healthy," said Thain ston. " Do you know who the red- haired giant is, sitting in the corner of the room, beside a woman in grey, with lace—good lace that!—clever woman too!" " Yes, that's John DonglaB—lias a property somewhere in the South of Scotland—very fine, I believe—one of the old Scottish border towers, with a history and a respectable sufficiency of ghosts. He has one siBter— charming girl—if bodies without heirs ehe comes in tor the property. There's another chance for you, Gilbert. He has asked me to go and shoot with him next month. r_ll introduoe yon. Drat it (the expression is olaseical English, believe me), if a fellow like you can't pull through his little difficulties, oce might as wellf be indiatingnishably commonplace, and fling away ambition and the fretting anxieties attendant on dazzling beauty. Look, there's Miss Douglas!" Thainston's keen eyes were already follow ing the movements of a graoeful, fair-haired girl, who waa entering the room on the arm of Mies Tapley's nephew, Captain Sullivan. A change had taken place in Thainston's face difficult to describe. He seemed to have drawn in bis breath, and to be waiting as if .for the giving of an important ver diot. Miss Douglas had a peculiar reserve and yet lightness of movement, sufficient almost by itself to indicate the gentle unconscious nobility that the face revealed as soon as one met the glanoe of the simple eyes. An un mistakeable refinement of nature spoke in every look and tone. She was ethereally pale, and her hair, whioh was taken np softly from her forehead, was so extremely fair that it almost had the effect of being powdered. The features were delioate and the faoe was thin, the large, gentle, beauti fully shaped eyes ruling over it as a spirit rnles its tenement. A certain austerity whioh the type of faoe enggestod was softened by the brightness and conrteey of the girl's manner. She gave a smiling reoeption to Stewart Pember'B friend, and when Pember went to talk to Beatrice Snllivan, Miss Tapley's pretty fair haired niece, Eveljn Dotulas and her com p nion ioand ue difficulty la exchanging i'ear, though Th&ineton; remained by her ■ de, oblivious of everyxnthg around hiui, for n.ore than an hour. Be was a man who aiwaje knew hie own mind, and merer took long either to make it up or aefc upon the conclusion when made. Before theoloee of that evening he knew, without the shadow of a doubt, that be wee desperately, feverishly, in love with Evelyn Dooglae, and that he intended to marry ber by hoon or by orook— probably by crook, as be said. Ber limpid, trnstfal spirit exhaled from ber an aroma; ber delicate exqnisitaness appealed overwhelmingly to the cultivated taste of tbe man; every nerve was teuohed with pleasure, every perception— subtly critical as it was—save back an enthusiastic verdiot. She was a woman in whom a man's love and pride might find eternal gratifica tion. ' 1 am going to be married," said Thainston as be and Stewart Pember tramped home throngh the wet deserted streets to their rooms near 8t, James's Palooe. " Iodeed 2" returned his friend: " any date fixed "That Miss Douglass will fix later." "Ah! very good. How did yon Ret on with her brother? She introduced you, didn't she ?" " Yes, h? came np and disturbed as, hang him 1 Or rather hang the woman who was with him, for I am sure she put him up to it. I didn't get on with her at all. She will oppose me tooth and nail. I can see it in her eye. Well, I am ready for the fight, madam. The prize is worth it." "I don't want to disooursge you," said Pember, in a cogitative tone, "but I think the fight will be a tough one, Tbe red-haired giant, who seems eo easy- going, will not be particularly pleaeant to deal with when it comee to a queetion of marrying into his bloodthirsty old family. He is devoted to his sister, and dreads her marrying and leaving him alone in hie fortress—which ia more than natural, I noticed he was hover iDg round Clara Tapley to night a good deal; if he were to fall In love himself he would be infinitely more manageable, partly through absenoe of mind, partly through a fellow feeling, 1 think we might set Mies Tapley on to make a match of it. Happy thought 2 She shall polish you both off together—you and Evelyn Donglas, John said Clara. The old lady will ehriek herself hoarse with de light 2" " But In oase of DouglaB marrying," Thain ston said, slowly, "Mibs Donglas would lose the succession on her brother's death." 1 True, old mole 2 Really, for a man in love you are creditably wide awake. Per haps we had better drop the Clara Tapley business. If you and your wife were to live at Cairnsmuir after your marriage he would be quite satisfied, granted that you can con vince him tbat one who does not belong to a Scottish clan is ' a man for a' that.'" When the two friends had mounted the stain and reaohed their luxurious rooms they proceeded to take their final smoke before the great fireplace, each eneeonsed in a superlatively easy obair. Thalns con fell into a thoughtful mood, from which his friend found it difficult to rouse him. Evelyn's face was before him still, her soft eyes looking into Mb. Every little detail of her attitude and dreae returned to him vividly, ' and he could hear the full tones of her voioe —that voice which some mysterious law of nature allots to those women only whose oharaoter, whether good or bad, is drawn on | a large eoale. "Why so gloomy?" enquired Stewart Pember, indistinctly, between two pnffs of hiaoigar. "Oh, bang it all—my position of course 2" growled Thainston glanoing round the room. " How long shall I have a roof over my head or a chair to ait on ?" "' All flesh is grass,"' said Pember. " Life is a tale told by an idiot—' vanity of vanities, all is vanity,' yet your vanity, is as good as any other man's vanity—nothing exceptional in your oase. Miss Donglas has a small inoome of her own, and if this marriage comes off—" Thainston got up and walked to the windo jv. The blinds were not drawn, and he conld eee the dark glistening street, and the lamps at intervals mapping its course down hill towards the palace. It was characteristic of Thainston that from his intimate friend and companion he had concealed the moBt im portant and disastrous part of his affairs, and concealed the foot of the concealment. "Pigheaded brute—the brother !" he said, ooming back to his ssat. " Yes, but manageable if you oan get him on his right side. The sister can turn him round ber finger." " The girl is marvellous," exclaimed Thainston, with a startling burst of passion. "Go on," nrged Pember; "divine, ex quisite, adorable. Don't mind me." "I don't," said Thainston; "she is all that and more. If she knew the sort of man I am." " If she is anything like a true womau she will not care." Again the limitation of Pember's know ledge made his consolation miss fire, " Then for the first time in your life you are in earnest about this?" the friend pmrsned. " Most terribly in earnest." Peinber studied his companion, steadily smoking all the time. Then he took his oigar ont of hie mouth and said, " For money, Gilbert, or for love ?" Bnt Gilbert did not answer that question. ***** f * Sharp, indeed, was the struggle. The com batants placed themselves in battle array and fought like heroes. For a long time John Donglas failed to realize the position, and it was not until he found that hissicterhad fallen deeply in love with her audacious suitor that -he began to take the matter seriously. Pember worked hard for hiB friend, and enlisted the sympathies of Miss Tapley, who simply yelled with enthusiasm. There never was such a charming, accom plished, handsome, well-oonneotod creators as Gilbert Thainatou. He adored Evelyn, and poor Evelyn was visibly pining under the opposition of her brother and Mrs. Jar dine, whose prejudice against the dear fellow was most absurd and uncharitable. Mrs. Jardine regarded herself in the light of a protector to the brother and sister, notwith standing that John was not many years her junior, 8be reasoned with Evelyn long and earnestly on the snbjeot of her infatuation for a mere adventurer, as she called him. but to no purpose. Evelyn believed in Urn, ad mired iiim, worshiped him. She, too, had some of the family obstinacy, and Mrs. Jardine felt that the cause was lost. She shook her head in deBoair. "John," she said, "Ioonld weep for the calamity that has befallen your house. Your beautifal old home, where for oentaries brave, honest men have ruled, must open its doors to an alien—a man without family, j habitation, or tradition, a mere adventurer— j it Is sacrilege! The towers of Cairnsmuir will surely bang their heads for very shame 2 I shall expect to see their stem strength crumbling from this day 2" 