THURSDAY, JANUARY 17. Now that initial steps towards the formation of' a (ire brigade in Tun gamah have commenceo, ^ i® ^0 hoped that the matter will be ”al-'ried to a successful issue. The apathy which lias previously existed, is per fectly astonishing, and it is only when we are brought face to face with such disastrous calamities as have oc curred on two occasions during the past year, that we recognise our present state of helplessness. In the presence of a big lire, people say, Why have we no better provision for coping with the lire fiend ? but, as time goes on, the elleet wears off until . the next disaster occurs. With a view of affording means for battling with ' such another disaster, a few of the more enterprising spirits have called meetings and taken other preliminary 1 steps towards forming a brigade. It is regretable that, hitherto, compara tively few out of the many property 1 owners interested, have taken the - trouble to forward the movement. In 1 a matter of this kind, as an ordinary business precaution, it behoves every individual having a stake in the town to assist in forming a brigade, and that more especially in its initial stages, when the countenance and support of all whose interests are at stake would at once place it on a linn footing. The reports given to the meeting show that while an expenditure of L200 to L250 win he necessary to furnish the brigade with eompJcte appliances, that a pre sent sum of flxC't L100 will be suffi cient to.place it in wooing 0I’der, and it is to be hoped that a canvas the town will place the committee in a po sition to cany out the work. - In the Shire Council report, in last issue, it was stated that a call of the Coun cil would oe made to consider an applica tion from the Shire Engineer for damages resulting to his horse, through falling into a hole along the road. This was an error, and is one result of the’ sittings of the Council (being continued until 4 a.in. next morning. Mr. Mahouy put in two letters, one claiming damages as above, and the other asking for an iucerase of salary. The - first was not entertained, and caused some amusement, and it was on the application for an increase of salary that the call of the Council was agreed to, Cr. Bott very properly remarking that so important a question should be dealt with by the full Council. Saturday, 26th January has been ap pointed a public holiday throughout the colony in commemoration of the first settlement in Australia in the year 1788. Tenders are called for the erection of sheep and cattle yards a Telford station for 28th January. The treasurer of the local Presbyterian Church desires to acknowledge the receipt of £1 from the Hon. J. S. Butters, M.L.C., as a donation to the late bazaar. The “ Bcnalla Standard ” is responsible for the following:—Advantage was taken of the Tungamah sports on Tuesday by those gentlemen who have announced themselves as candidates at the forthcom ing general election to do some canvassing. In one instance a rather amusing episode occurred One of th- candidates—a well known legal light—went up to the clerk of a well-known auctioneer who is stand ing, and had a convocation with him. He was not aware at the time, if he is now, that it was the auct "ncer to whom the clerk was talking when iie came up. The conversation soon turned upon the coming contest, and the barrister asked, “What chance do you think I have?” “Very good, indeed, in fact, in my opinion, you will go in hands down,” was the reply. Then came the question, “ I hear a lot about this-(mentioning the auction eer’s name). Do you think he will poll well?” “Poll well, indeed,” answered the cross-examined. “I tell you he has not got the ghost of a show.” The bar-* rister seemed greatly pleased at this, and the two went into the booth together, the auctioneer following them with his eyes, and a smile on his face. The “Wangaratta Dispatch” says :— We have it upon the most reliable author ity that Mr. Henry Bolton intends to con test the seat for this constituency. It will be in the recollection of our readers that shortly after the defeat in Parliament (in 1882) of the Government that day, in which the lion. Henry Bolton, then Mem ber for Moira, then field the portfolio of the Postmaster- General, that that gentle man accepted the position of .managing director of a very extensive business in Brisbane, Queensland. The five years engagement entered into by Mr Bolton as managing director has expired or is about to terminate, and he will not accept a renewal of the engage ment, but purposes to return to Victoria with his family, and will, it is stated, en ter into a large business in the neighbour hood of Wangaratta or Butherglen, he will in this case present himself as a can didate to represent that portion of his old Electorate of Moira, now known under the new seat of Wangaratta and lluthcr glen. Several of the farms on the outskirts of the town have been visited, during the past week or two, by a rough-looking character on horseback, who became inso lent on ascertaining that the men-folks were not about. The man who is about middle-aged called at Mr. W. Foster’s farm on Wednesday, in a partially drunken state. On liuding no thing but women there, he became threatening in demeanour. Jdo said he wanted horse feed, and horse feed lie would have. Some of the men close at hand were sent for, when he at once be came civil, and lost no time in clearing out. A man of similar description was afterwards seen attempting to break into a locked-up outhouse in the same neigh bourhood, belonging to Mr. Gettlor. A few days previously, a house occupied by Mr. Cole, on Mr. Willis’ ground, was broken open during the absence of the owner, and various small articles taken, and the same individual is suspected to be tlie culprit. We have received' Messrs. M'Evoy’s animal circular .for 1SS9. The business, ■'of the firm has'largely increased during the yeai-, the amount of money advanced for 1S88 being £010.000, and the total for the past 4 years £1,500,095. The firm’s business notice appears on our fourth page. i'iMr, A. C. Watsford announces else where that he is still continuing his dra pery sale in Tungamah. The representations of the local press and Vigilance Committee, have induced the Bailway Department to call tenders at once for the erection of cool receiving sheds at Tungamah. . Tenders close on Monday 2Sth hist; full particulars in advertisement. Still they come ! Yet more candidates for the Benalla and Yarrawonga con stituency. Mr. II. . Massey Bindon, solicitor, and Mr. Wallace, hotelkeeper, Bcnalla, are spoken of as pi'obable candi dates. Mr. W. M‘F. Kidston, of Yarrawonga, announces elsewhere that he has decided' to extend his business, as accountant and commisaion agent, to Tungamah, and for the present can be seen'.at" his bilice,'next Mr. Burke’s stores evciy, Monday. Fuil particulars in advertisement. The second fannerss’ excursion to Mel bourne of the season will run oil Thursday next between Yarrawonga 'and all stations thence to Benalla, and .dm from Violettown. The train leaves Xarrawo.iga at 9.35 a.m-, Tungamah, 10.10 a.m. and St. James, 10.34 a.m. The fare for the return journey from Tungamah second class; * lUs.; first el is> 20s., other stations pro rula. Application for tickets must bn made at hied -.itious before 7 p.m. Monday next. An iv.omsion from Melbourne to any of the same stations will run on Wednesday next,.23rd inst., at the same rates. The firm of Mo ssrs. Green and Crockett, auctioneers, has undergone some change, W. G. Crockett having retired from the business. Mr. \\\, C. Grecu announces that he has taken into partnership Messrs. A, A. Maiming ami T. Green, both gentle men being well and favourably known in connection wfth tl>c old linn. It is Mr. Crockett’s intention Iq 'Jake a well-earned rest, and he will devote big cuergigg to pas toral pursuits. At tiie same tiinp, we'uiiiier ~taml, he will he willing to assist the new firm u vfitluii'od, and may occasionally be found in’ his o'.M Place ia tll(i nostrum, for the next month or so. ' i Presbyterian services for next SuP^’1)’ are as follow.—Rev. W. Soutcr, St. Janies, 11 a.m. ; Tfiooiia, 3 p.m.; Lake Rowan, Church of England services for next 1 Sunday are as follow. — Veil. Arehdoaoon : Herring. Christchurch, Dcvenish, 7 p.m. (Holy Communion). Presbyterian services for next Sunday are as follow :—Mr. B. D. Morris, Tung t- ‘ mall, 11 a.m. ; Youarang Hniv.ii, 3 i-.m. ; 1 Tungamah, 7.15. p.m. Evening subject: Enthusiasm. I Congregational services oil Sunday next are as follow: Lake Rowan, 11 a.m.; Peechelba, 3.30 p.m., Rev. T. H. James. Boweya. 3.30 p.m., Mr. J. Willis.' Chureh of England services for next Sunday are as follow :—Rev. R. H. Potter, Yarrawonga, 11 a.m. : Boomali i noomoonah, 3 p.m ; Tungamah, 7. p.m. Bible Christian services for next Sunday are as follow :—Devenish East, 11 a,m. : Tungamah, 7-15 p.m., Rev. A. Mitchell ■ Devenish, 3 p.m. Devenish East, 7 p m Rev J. T. Baglin. 