GHOST STGBIE8. THE GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND PHANTOM PLOTJGHMAK. THE Tvo capital ghc^ststories leachns frotn the Canadian, the fleoond arnica from Pcimsyl- THIS G2KE3IS OF tSS GHOST. Last autumn there was an accident on the Canada Atlantic railway, near the station at St Scholastiqae. A farmer named Brnnet was walking along the track at about 12 o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along', struck him, and threw his body 100ft. away, so horribly mangling it that portions were found in the branches of a dump of trees growing beside the track. ?3iere have been five different engineers _ of that train then, the lasf resigning only a few days ago. The reason given for the resignations was tj^ ^ (jnmp cf trees was haunted, and tJmt were etzange signals .given there ^ P P ^ - The engznoer who resigned last gives the following reasons for giving np his position:— WET TBS H8T6IBXEB BESESXED. It's a ghost or something like it, and it has been the cause of four other engineers naVing fco be transferred, i first eaw the ghost one night two weeks ago. I had left St. Scholaetiqae, and was whooping her np, because I was a trifle late, I had hardly got her going, when I »w what seemed . .to. be a red •* star " floating in the " air, ' pexbaps a mile away, and ahead of me. It 1 grew largier as I got nearer, and suddenly It struck me that the red star was a red lamp. Yet it was very high in the air—too high, thought I, to be a signal. I noticed also that it apparently hovered over the clamp of trees. As X got within 200 yards of the trees the red Hobe^eoemod to jump across from the trees OTCr the back. This all took p W in a 2f orter while ^ it tate me to tellit. I ^ wM imdoubtedl v that of a signal lamp, and hung directly in the way of the tram. I hada t time to call the attention of my firemen to it before I was on top of it Frightened and iearfal that there was something the matter with the road. ~ I whistled . . .down brakes, ehut oft steam, pat on the air brakes, . and stopped the train. Everybody was startled. The conductor ran. forward and asked what was the matter. I told him, and we started bade to investigate. There was nothing the matter with the road. Tbere wasn't a boose within half . a mile of the place, nor coold any footprints be discovered in the snow to elbow that anybody had been in the neighbourhood- Now, np to that time I had never heard of the ghok, but I noticed ^ conductor, George Welles, was gfranggy agitated, and the fireman looked • THE FQSET GLOBE <9tE KOBE. My next op trip was two nights later, and precisely the same phenomenon appeared. I was scared this time. That it was supernatural I had no doubt, and despite an inclination to brave the ghostly warning and keep the train going, my hands turned off the steam and put on the air brakes almost mechanically. The conductor came forward as before. 1 explained exactly the same way, and we went on after failing to discover any reason why a danger signal should have been used at that particular point My fireman then told me that the apparition, ghost, or whatever it was, had been seen by four others, who had all got other shifts. They couldn't stand it. Neither could I—and here I am, laid ofi. A PHAJsTOX PMCSFVfUV. In the north-western corner of Lower Merion township, Montgomery Comity, Pa., a great hubbub has been raised by a phantom. farmer who is nightly seen ploughing in a field. The apparition was first discovered about the end of March by a farm hand who was returning late fr L>m coursing. Emerging from a wooded pathway that skirted aa old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to hear a sepulchral voice commanding a team to halt. He looked in vain about the place for a moment or two, and was about moving on again when the same sound fell on his ear. A shiver crept over him as he heard the creaking of an unseen harness, and his terror was far from beingallayed by the whinny of a horse almost directly before him. At that moment the new moon stole over the neighbouring treetops, and in its misty light ne plainly saw the phantom farmer. It was clearly outlined against the dark background, and its two hands hdd in a steady grasp the projeering handles of a plough. Before it marched a pair of spirited horses, dimly oatlined in the misty light, their heads erect and their eyes fla-gVii™^ fire as they moved hastily along. The young man waited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take to his heels when ploughman, horse, and plough suddenly vanished. Then he, too, fled in wild alarm EEEX BI SEVEN IKES'. At S3as Brown's comer grocery on the night succeeding thfa tiie young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this startling etory. The crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of the ghost's operations to verify or disprove Cooper's tale. ~ They had , not long to wait- Withoat the noises that lad warned Cooper the night before, the phantom farmor «p- «ta»d*ie&rette;<gree«af % «ereniaea who Sferoonthefe^o^to wSorimoet •»«»»«: CeD. fraan ittnfecmr. — EGslonH «™ST whitehairi^beardstre^in% wind. No hat «n upon his head, nor could any portion of his face be seen except the glistening eyes. These shot oat from a bright of mote than seven feet from the ground, indicating the spectral granger was taller than the average of human kind. About his body, which eould could not well be traced, there was a J^Z^^^23 of of the the terrified steadily spectators moving horaes. and shone The far plough ahead he leaned on ^emedrf skeleton framefbut it off e a r t h l y as a 1 Steamer tome the nver waves. On lie came, fe horses seemed to exhale fire, their heads ^ ^ ^ tada ]1g t and footfalls as firm and clew as any the watchers ever heard. At Uie comer of the field they tamed obediently U * passed before the affrighted spectators, who tboenpon fled in haste. | g , JXELD XUHJGHKD BT THE OHOST. On the following" morning a crowd of i-. : i ii i. u.° c.ll .-1 _ detonn^to «o to whether any trace erf the IwwcmH be found. As they came in sight of tine enclosure one of the number exclaimed in astonishment: " I'll be dnmed if the thing doesn't plough, sure enough." He was ^ ^ One-half of the field had been gone ^ ^ ^yenfly by no novice. The farrows w ^ not quite so broad as thoee made by an and deep and were as straight ® tte moet expenenced eye could make tiiem. A day or two after the same gzoap went oat to view the fields again, and this time they found Oat the phantom bid finished the work. The owner of the field wss one of the number, and he todk a solemn oath that he had sot turned a aod in the enclosure. 