THE GHOST OF CAMERON PASS. . o In the summer, of 1882, W. C., Hart; the geologist, and two other enthusiastio col lectors of specimens were encamped near the lava beds between tho headwaters of tlie Cache do la Poudre River and North Park. It was a rough, broken region, and the desolation was heightened by' the proximity of the crater of an extinct volcano, while bare rocks and dead timber were everywhere. Tho hope of securing raro formations for their cabinets attracted the gentlemen to the uncanny spot, for every one averred that Cameron Pass was haunted by the spirit of an emigrant's daughter. Joe Shepler, a well-known mountaineer, who was piloting the party through tho hills, had often seen the ghost, and promised his com panions that they should view the strange apparition before returning to- their homes. He said the spirit was a thief, and frequently Btole food and furnituro from the camps of hunters who ventured within her uninviting domain. At dinner August 12, 1882, Simpler calmly announced that the. spirit of Cameron Pass was approaching, and pointed to a strange being which was swiftly moving toward the camp. The marauder oame to within 500yd, of tho men, and seizing a haunch of venison which had been placed on a stone, ran off with it. Hart picked up his rifle, and, calling on his comrades to follow, startod in pursuit of the thief. She — they were sure it was a woman — led them a lively race directly toward tho lava beds. Being closoly pressed, the hunted creature dropped the . meat and- sped onward to the opening of a cave. The pursuers entered the cavern on the heels of the strange robber and found the. warm body of a dead woman. The fright' and exertion had killed her. Tho corpse was that of a woman about 25 years old;. Her only clothing was arudo gown, fashioned of skins. Her hair was very long, and she was sunburned and barefooted. The remains were buried decently. " . An exploration of tlio cave disclosed the fact that it had for some time been used as a habitation by tho alleged spirit. Tlio ground was covered with bones, and although there wero cooking utensils about it was evident that they nad never been used. The unfortunate girl had subsisted on stolen meats, root, and leaves. Sim had dried meat for winter uso. For several years she was thought to be a spirit. 