A CELTIC MONUMENTAL CROSS AT ROOK- WOOD CEMETERY. THERE has recently been erected over Mr. T. Maher's family vault in the Catholic portion of the Rookwood Cemetery a Celtic cross which for its colossal size, its artistic design and finish, and the prominent feature which it makes in the land- scape, is worthy of some notice. The civilization and genius of the Celts of the British Isles, as is well known, developed a distinct style of art. The ancient Celtic crosses are in some instances 30ft. high, and are elaborately carved and ornamented. The Celtic cross just erected at Rookwood rises to a height of 26ft. above the ground. It is con- structed of pure Carrara marble, and rests on a table forming the roof of the vault. The total weight of the cross is 16 tons. One portion of the cross that now weighs 9 tons, was so heavy in its rough state that it required a team of twelve pairs of powerful Italian bullocks to carry it from the marble caves to Carrara. The contractor was unable to get any steamer to ship the work direct from Italy to Australia on account of the size and weight of the various parts, and much delay was caused by having to send it first to London and transhipping it by sailing vessels to Sydney. At the intersection of the arms of the cross there is carved the symbol of the Holy Ghost descending in the form of a dove. On each arm of the cross is carved a symbol of one of the Evan- gelists, viz., an angel's head representing St. Matthew ; a winged lion, St. Mark ; a bull, St. Luke ; and an eagle, St. John. The re- maining portions of the front elevations and sides are subdivided into well-proportioned panels, containing carved representations of those beautiful interlacings of ribbons and animals— snakes and dogs with topknots, &c.;, intertwining together in the most fantastic manner. This style of architecture was practised throughout Great Britain and Ireland from the 4th to the middle of the 10th century, reaching its fullest develop- ment before the end of the 7th century. One marked difference between Celtic ornament and Greek and Roman of the ribbon class, is that the Celtic work is knotted together as in the triquetra, while the Greek and Roman is simply overlaid al- ternately. Mr. F. Gagliardi, of Sydney, the contrac- tor, had the whole of the work executed by Angelo Bertazzi, of Carrara, Italy, from designs and full- size details prepared by Messrs. Sheerin and Hen- nessy, architects, of Sydney. The work has been carried out in a thoroughly satisfactory manner, the whole of the details being pure and thoroughly Celtic in character. We note that the Catholics of Crookwell have decided to build a fine new church, Mr. John Howard's contract for £1400 having been accepted on Monday. SIR Patrick Jennings has been invited to be present at the festivities in connection with the opening of the Dunedin Exhibition. Sir Patrick will be the guest of his Excellency the Earl of Onslow, Governor of New Zealand. THE MISSIONARIES IN NEW GUINEA.—The friends of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart will be glad to learn that the latest news from New Guinea is of a cheering character. The Mission is prospering despite great difficulties, and the heroic labours of the devoted Fathers are being rewarded by many conversions. The schooner Spendthrift returned on Monday to Thursday Island from Yule Island, New Guinea, and reports that Archbishop Navarre has suf- ficiently recovered from his attack of illness to remain at Yule Island. Father Hartzer, M.S.H., has returned. BISHOP HIGGINS.—His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins administered the Sacrament of Con- firmation at St. Bede's Church, Braidwood, on Sunday, to upwards of a hundred persons. There was a crowded congregation, and the choir sang Farmer's Mass. A collection in aid of the im- provement of the church realized over £200. The Bishop started for Araluen on Monday morning, where Confirmation was held in the afternoon. His Lordship then proceeded to the Southern coast, on his way back to Sydney. NEW CHURCH AT HILLGROVE.—From Hillgrove we learn that his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale, assisted by Dean O'Connor, consecrated the new Catholic church on Sunday. There was an impressive service and large congregation, including a num- ber of visitors. The Armidale Cathedral choir assisted. The subscriptions received almost covered the cost of the building, and very little debt now remains. CONFIRMATION AT PARRAMATTA.—His Eminence Cardinal Moran, accompanied by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, paid a visit to St. Patrick's Church, Parramatta, on Wednesday. Two hundred can- didates (including 25 girls from the Industrial School, and about the same number of inmates from the Macquarie-street Benevolent Asylum) presented themselves for Confirmation. At the conclusion of the ceremonies the Cardinal visited the George-street Benevolent Asylum, where he gave Confirmation to a number of the old men. A visit of inspection was afterwards paid to the Benedictine Convent at Subiaco. His Eminence was assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, and the parish priest, the Rev. Thos. O'Reilly. 