EBENEZER CHURCH. Johnson's dab-and-wattle church, built in 1793, and the first regular place of worship in these colonies, had but a brief existence. The demolition of its successor, the "old St Philip's," begun by Hunter, but not finally completed (according to Bonwick) till 1807, is an event within the memory of living persons, and still deplorod by the conser- vative among them. The quaint towers supporting St John's, Parramatta-sole remnant of the church raised there in 1803 -were added to the body of the original building by an afterthought of Mrs. Macquarie; consequently it has been cus- tomary to regard St. James', Sydney, and St. Matthew's, Windsor -both opened for divine service in the same year, 1822 -as the two oldest surviving churches in Australia. Yet there is another, older than either of them, the Church of Ebenezer, near Pitt Town, on the Hawkesbury. Being so, it is well worth a visit. Let us approaoh it from Windsor, and, driving up George- street, and passing round by Thompson-square, descend the river bank, cross the bridge, leave the blue line of the coast range to the left, and, bearing northward, take the road to Wilberforce, noting as we turn the corner a defaced and crumbling tene- ment, said to have stood there time out of mind, and with something in the very squalidness of its decrepitude which involuntarily attracts attention. It was once a public-house, and is believed to have been the scene of violent deeds in the lawless long- ago. Strange incongruity of mundane things! The stately piles of the Tuilererles and of St. Cloud - scarce spotless in their reputation either, yet models of architectural elegance-have perished by the hands of popular fury, and this unsightly hovel still remains, an ugly spectre of the past! Under the gray September sky, flecked by shifting clouds, "long fields of barley,'' giving promise of abundant harvest, lie alongside the flinty road, the luxuriance of tbe present season reminding us how lately the inhabitants of the dis- trict had been in fear of a heavy flood, and of how often in times past, when the young colony could ill bear the strain, there rich lowlands had been swept by ths destroying waters. The years 1799, 1800, 1806, 1811, and 1817 were all remarkable for great flood, but of none are such disastrous records left as of that of 1806. The one journal of the colony at the time speaks of the "distress and horror" of that memorable March evening when the waters had reached their height, as something which "could neither be imagined nor described," tho entire plain being submerged and only the roofs of a few houses visible, while on a 1 sides were heard the cries of people escaping for tbeir lives, the musket-shot signals of distress, the howling of terrified dogs driven to refuge in the branches of trees, and the splash of oars as the rescue boats plied ceaselessly to and fro. The names of Arndell, Biggers, and Thompson are mentioned as among those most actively instrumental in preserving life, the latter saving 100 persons, whom he took from rafts and housetops, and Biggara as many as 150. Among remarkable escapes is told the story of a settler named Leeson, who, together with his wife, mother, and two children, was carried down the river on a barley mow, the whole party being finally saved, though not without difficulty, from their precarious craft. It is not surprising to hear that after this wheat rose to 70s. and 80s. the bushel, or that it should be on record that the sum of £7 sterling was actually paid on the 22nd November following to a settler on the river for a bushel of seed maize. It is to the credit of both Gidley King and his successor Bligh (who arrived in August of the same year) that they showed themselves anxious to do all in their power to alle- viate the long-continued sufferings entailed by the calamity; King appointing Samuel Marsden, Thomas Arndell, and Nicholas Bayley to inquire into the losses sustained, and allowing all who had incurred Government debts to have their wheat taken at 15s., barley at 8s., maize at 6°. per bushel, and those owing no Government debts to have wheat taken at 12s., good barley at 7s, good maize at 6s.; and Bligh (in the first month of his Administration) directing that a committee of 10 of the most respectable in- habitants should be authorised to report on in- dividual cases, and aflerwards issuing an order for relieving the most necessitous of those till harvest time, by a weekly dole of two bullocks from the Government stock. Notwithstanding the idle mills, where Hawkesbury wheat is no longer ground, and which stand as silent witnesses to land too prodigally used, the prosperous appearance of the homesteads now scattered throughout the neighbourhood indicates a period far removed from that of early struggle, the "elevated" barns for raising the grain beyond flood reach de- monstrating the prudence taught by hard ex- perience, and the air of trim, English-like neatness everywhere observable bearing out the eulogiums passed on the notable habits of the Hawkesbury agriculturists in an old almanac, while it calls up at the same time a smile at the re- membrance of Macquarie's enjoining on them "a greater attention to domestic comfort and cleanliness. Obedience must have resulted in a virtue which has evidently become hereditary. And now we are at Wilberforce, which, although four miles from Windsor, is classed in the Almanac for 1835, already quoted, as being one and the same settlement with that town and with Richmond. Here progress seems to have been arrested long ago, and the old township to be sitting down watching the march of foreign improvement in sleepy, philosophic quiet-a new home, we are told, being an event once and again in a term of years. An ancient dovecot raised on piles, the very patriarch of its kind, greets us on one hand at the entrance to the village, and on the other we mark a deserted hut, its tottering timber frame gaping like the ribs of a stranded ship, and holding together as if by mere tenacity of custom. Further on is a Wesleyan chapel, dating from 1862; and on the hill to the left the English church. One well-preserved two- storey house is shown as having once been under water, and the prevailing air of local neatness about the inhabited cottages is a pleasing set-off against the unmistakeable slowness of the general aspect. From Fleming's Hill we catch a glimpse of the windings of the Hawkesbury, and thence pass on to the Sackville Beach-road. Dull and mono- tonous as this bush track seems, it is not without its tales of thrilling interest. "The Ghost's Cul-l vert " indicates the spot where a savage murder was once committed, and derives its name from the popular belief that the spirit of the victim had often been observed hovering round the scene of its rude dismissal from the body. And near this is a small heap of stones by the wayside, the memorial of an even sadder tragedy, for here, some years ago, consumed by a bush fire which raged on both sides of the road, perished an unfortunate lady, a resident of the district. And now, striking eastward, a short drive through bush fragrant with yellow flowering wattles brings us to a white gate, within which is Ebenezer Public School, with the children's hats hanging within the porch, and the buzz of lessons coming through the open windows. A little onward, another white gate, and, standing within its grave yard, the old church of Ebenezer is before us, a humble little structure enough, yet, despite its homely masonry and small proportions, wearing a quaint and time- worn look withal -as we with our 100 years of national existence rate time -which invests it with an interest all its own. Built of grayish stone, it is about 40 x 15 ft in length, and about 11ft, to the eaves of the low-slated roof, which has replaced the original shingles, and with four windows of 18 small panes on each side but none at either end. These windows are not all placed at regular distances from each other, for between each pair is a wide gap, once filled on the eastern side by a door (now blocked up and overspread by the branches of a lemon tree), but with nothing on the western side to break the curiously disproportioned effect given to it by the irregularity -an irregularity traceable to the circumstance that the building at first served a double purpose, the northern end being used as a churoh, and the southern partitioned off as a school and schoolmaster's residence, with a staircase and room above. The partition is now removed and the whole space thrown into the churoh, the straight- browed old school-door, admitting into an interior as unpretentious as the outside would lead us to expect. At one glance we take in the white- washed camp-ceiled roof and walls; the glazed windows; the rough, undressed, narrow wooden pews; the two old-fashioned square ones flanking the small pulpit, with its flight of steps covered with faded carpets, and its crimson trappings, yellow-fringed and faded too; the plain communion table; the harmonium; the kerosene lamps hanging from iron brackets upheld by cedar poles; the scholastio relics in the shape of ancient stools and broken benches, and the decaying plaster, breaking off in patches. But, knowing that the primitive little place has an individual history, not without its touch of pathos, we look around on all with interest. A band of English Presbyterians or Noncon- formists, chiefly mechanics by ocoupation, emigrating from London, arrived in Sydney in 1802 and formed a settlement on the Hawkesbury. Desirous of having a place in which to worship, they built this church on the river bank by their united exer- tions in the year 1809, quarrying tho stones in the neighbourhood, and carrying them in their boats to the site. Here for years they worshipped, one of their number, who had acted as a kind of catechist on the voyage out from Eng- land, and afterwards conducted divine srvice re- gularly in any place convenient, officiating as lay minister, the Rev. John Dunmore Lang being the first ordained clergyman who occupied tbe little pulpit. This was not until 1822, when the young Scotchman, who was destined to take so prominent a position in colonial affairs, had bat lately arrived from the old country; and it is amusing to hear that in 1872, when taking a Sunday's duty for the Windsor clergyman, he told his friend that he had preached in his pulpit the same sermon delivered 50 years before, in Ebenezer. The rev. doctor has left a record of a communion service which he held here in 1824, describing it as the most solemn and affecting of the kind he had ever been privileged to dispense, there being few of the congregation so long deprived of participation in the most sacred rite of the Christian Church, who were not moved to tears. Although originated, as we have seen, by a body of Nonconformists from England, the church, to- gether with the portion of land annexed, eventually passed into the hands of the Scotch coloniall Pres- byterians, and -an arrangement having been entered into for his support -Dr. Lang sent out a minister to Ebenezer from Scotland in 1825. Service is now conducted in it by the clergyman from Pitt Town. Curious accounts are given of the psalmody formerly practised here. Only three among the congregation, it is said, were gifted with musical powers, and one of these was the precentor. If either of his colloagues chanced to bbe absent, the result was a duet; if both were, the forsaken choirmaster (who is reputed to have known as many as two or three tunes) sang solo. This precentor, whose name was Anderson, also filled the office of schoolmaster, and taught and disciplined more than one generation of Hawkesbury natives. His remains now lie in the graveyard hard by the scene of his earthly labours. The square pew on the left hand of the pulpit belonged to Thomas Arndell, assistant surgeon to the first Fleet; but, although the family name may be seen inscribed on one of the tombs here, he himself, being an official of position, was buried in the more pubiic cemetery of St. Matthews', Windsor. At Ebenezer, as in all the early colonial cemeteries, there appears to have been no sectional plan for the graves, which are not numerous, but are kept, on the whole, in good repair, and present the usual monumental variety of headstone, table- stone, and sarcophagus shaped tomb covering the family vaul. The names evidence a mixture of nationalities, some being of English, some of Scotch, and at least one of Welsh origin. The oldest decipherable dates are 1812 and 1813. Ebenezer is sometimes known as Portland Head Church, from a promontory of that name further up the river, and so-called from the rock bearing a supposed resemblance to the Duke of Portland of the time. Whether the name Ebenezer was given in Scriptural allusion to the "stone of help," to commemorate perils past, and in gratitude for the good land opened up to them by Providence, or merely in accordance with the custom of English Nonconformists, designating their meeting-houses as Beulahs, Hephzibahs, Siloams, or similarly suggestive titles, we have no present means of determining. It is imost probable to have been a mingling of both motives. Its isolated position promises to ensure the office standing as it is for some time to come, and it is to be hoped that those descendants of the builders still resident on the Hawkesbury will make it their care to preserve so interesting a relic of the piety and the handicraft of their forefathers, for by them it should be regarded with something of the same reverence as the children of the Pilgrim Fathers must have looked upon the first log hut sot apart for united worship which rose upon the "wild New England shore." And the comparison is suggestive, for it is related of one of the founders ef Ebenezer that, smarting under pressure of an arbitrary custom, winked at by the easy going legislature of the age, he voluntarily relinquished home and fatherland, to seek entire freedom in the new country beyond seas. We stand outside here among these founders' graves. The morning clouds have cleared away, and through the stainless blue of the Aus- tralian sky the sun is shining on the worn gray stones, and lighting up the verdure of the luxuriant spring; the river flows placidly below, and on its opposite bank a ruined windmill -conjured by fancy into likeness of an old peel tower of the wild border clan, whose name may be read on one of the monuments around -peeps out from between the trees; and to them and to their times thought naturally reverts. Times so unlicensed that the members of this very church had to provide a communion service of pewter, lest silver should be stolen; so toilsome that subsistence was gained under protest, and the crops, sown painfully in virgin soil, had to be guarded from the black by day and from the kangaroos by night; when famine often stared them in the face, and hard labour always. And we contrast them with our own, so recently removed in point of years, so far in progress and in social conditions, that in place of such homely essays as the little chapel to whioh we bid farewell, we now have churches complete in every particular of architectural detail, scattered throughout both town and country; that for every standstill hamlet, like Wilberforce, we can count a score of rising towns; that the disused wheat- mills cannot para- lyse the general market, nor could one flood bring us within rage of a grain famine; when an orga- nised police and an established civil system render of rare occurence, and to be visited with swift vengeance, such deeds as disgraced the ancient public-house. We look across to the Blue Mountains remembering the story of the poor exile who broke from Castle Hill in the forlorn hope that by scaling them he might reach again the home which lay thousands of leagues beyond the ocean, and how the limited knowledge of the day, deeming them impassable, commented after on his folly. We drive down the main street of Windsor, pass the red mass of St. Matthews', and the long, low roofs of Captain Brabyn's mansion, and marvel on our homeward way at the changes a few decades have effected -changes more racid than any which could have been foreseon by tho pioneer settlers who 80 years ago raised their Ebenezer on land redeemed from the wilderness. M. 