. w m w f LONDON THEATRES. . A. ' A lively correspondence has appeared in the London Times relative to the, accommodation provided in the unreserved portion of the metropolitan theatres and the means of access to and exit from them. The ques tion Avas originated by the writer of a letter signed "A Victorian," who complains that ongoing to the Lyceum to see Mr. Irving in " The Dead Heart" he found the pit doors besieged by a crowd of several hundred per son's, exposed to all the vicissitudes of the weather. At length the doors were opened, when, as the writer : ' (( lL.. " A -ffoti n rtnm'Kl n of mi t+r+ 1 a expresses it, uegcvii. u-.toniwioo he landed, half crushed to death, inside the house, and found women with their dresses torn off their backs, and some of them fainting. The sale of tickets was continued until it was absolutely impossible tp cram another, person into the pit, and ho is convinced that an alarm of fire or other panic would have produced fatal consequence. He points out that" such a dis graceful state of things would be impossible in Mel bourne, where the doors are opened a full hour before the raising of the curtain, allowing those who cpme first to be first served, and where no standing in the gangways was permitted. The statenients'of " A Vic torian" are corroborated: by other ; colonial visitors and London playgoers, who point out, ho\a' ever, that the evils complained of are "by no means peculiar 'to tlie. Lyceiun Theatre, but are com inon to- every place of : public entertainment in London.- Mr. Irving, in a short and feeble reply, says that persons who cannot find seats may, on application j, have their mbney re-' " turned, and that, with regard to crushing at the doors, that would be obviated if those wishing to see the piece would form themselves en queue according to priority of arrival. To this the obvious rejoinder is made that, even supposing people could be induced to form in line, that line would extend half way from the mouth of' the Lyceum Lane to Charing Cross, and that the only efficacious remedies for the inconvenience are to open the doors earlier and to limit the sale of tickets to the sitting capacity of the house. v .. ; - Stageurace — " Well, Screw Eye, what was poor Crummies' last message to me - -Screw Eye — He left instructions, sir, to have his name starred on his tombstone. " Well, Crummies, my boy, you've played many roles; Now, which one fatigues you the most ?" «' The one I've enacted the oftenest-, lad — Marcellus, awaiting the Ghost." 