FUNNY TRANSLATIONS. ONE account of the late Germea Emperor's funeral, writes David Ker in Harper's Weekly, stated that the sermon was preached on a text taken from " the Book of Jacob "—a hitherto unknown portion of Holy Writ—the real words being the "Epistle of James" (Jakob). An English translation of a German novel rendered Ich babe einen Gast bekommen (I have got a guest) by *' I have become a ghost." Another transformed " food for reptiles " into " the Diet of Worms." In a French version of " Guy Mannering," the phrase "a stickit minister" (unsuccessful preacher) figured as un ministre assassiné. Nor are the titles of books a less froitful field of mistranslation tKntr their con- tents. A Vienna translation of George Eliot's " Felix Holt, the Eadical," was entitled "Felix: Hold the Basca! ! " The play of " Love's Last Shift " was reproduced in Paris as " La Dernière Chemise de l'Amour." Bob Boy still figures in Russia as Bob the King, "Boy "having been confused with ' ' Roi. " A similar misconception turned Mémoires de Boy d'Aigens into Memoirs of a Silver King—an exploit almost rivalling that of the fanner who named a pet rooster " Robinson " because he " crew so." Most admirers of the Duke of Wellington are familiar with tbe Iron Duke's characteristic answer to his secretary's question as to what reply he shonld Bend to Marshal Junot's proposal of an armistice : " Tell Jam to be [something unprintable] in civil French." How the poor secretary acquitted himself of this rather difficult commission is still a mystery ; but be probably followed the example of the polite man who, not wishing to give a romancing 'talker the lie direct, assured him that " if be were to write a book of fiction, it youldhaven wonderful sale." But the palm of mistranslation is certainly dne to an Bn^iJinnn who some years ago came to a foreign teacher to be "finished" In German, and was asked to write a sentence in colloquial Bnglisb, and then to translate it He wrote : " He bas boiled, and has not settled his bill," translating it by "Er hat vèrricgëlt, nnd liât nicbt eimneddt eeinen SchnabeL" "Verriegeln" meaning "to bolt a door," " g^Mttbd " "ti^lMrt a ted," tins extraordinary sentence really signified, "He has driven in a bolt and lias not colonised bis beak."— Pall Mad. 