'The Major.' ? ByBcr. W.HASLAM. John vii, 37, 38. How littlo we know what may or may not be the result of a sermon ! Preaching in Scotland ono stormy wet day, I was much hindered by tlio manifest inatten tion of tho sparse congregation and tho stormy wind which rattled tho windows. Even the opening of the door for somo late-comer drnw away the attention of the people. The feve who were in the church were scattered about, ono here, and two or three there, all over the large build ing. I had been speaking upon the re sponsibility of believers — that God in tends that all saved persons should in fluenca and draw others to tlio same sal vation. I said. ' When the Lord returns and calls us to Himself, He will not ask the question, 'What did your minister or pastor do for Mo P' but ' What hare, you done?' ' It was a long hour, at least to me, during which the service lasted, and I was not sorry for the conclusion ; nor were others, if I may judge from their hasty departure, A retired major, who happened to bo on a visit to somo friends in tho neighbor hood, came to church that day. When most of tlio people had left lie same up to me and taid, ' T never heard all that about 'bolicvors;r-_eforo: ' I have' ? been n Christian for several years; but I did not,know that God expected.me to do' any special work.' As far as I could gather, this dear man had' some latent idea that as soldiers; did ? the lighting for civilians, so in tlio samo manner ministers did the spiritual work for their congregations. I said to mm, ' Fancy a company of your regiment sitting down in lino on tho battle-field, wliilo their bravo major went out with the captain to ficlit tho oncmv !' ' Yes,' ho said, ' that docs sound funny ; but how in the world am I to do your clerical work ? I was noror brought up to it, a»y more than you are to soldier ing.' ' Oh,' I said, ' it docs not want a college training or a bishop's ordinatioa to fit you to be a witness for Christ. Let; me ask you, major, when you wore first converted, were you led to write to any one upon the subject, or did you pray for any or your friends ?' ' Certainly I did,' he answered. 'I wrote to a number of my worldly friends, and prayed for them too.' ? 'Very good.' I said; 'that was the Holy Spirit prompting you, and showing you practically '« hat to do, This is what you should bare continued to do. Wo arc saved to bo witnesses of the fact o salvation, and of tho power and willing ness of God to save.1' ' 'Well, now,'1 said the major with animation, ' it was one of your cloth who forbade rind discouraged me in doing this. Ho told me that if I .wished to do that kind of work I ought to leave the array and go to college to prepare for ordina tion.' ' For honor of tho cloth,' I said, ' I must protest against that man's advico, whoevor he was. Many men have left the army to become cleraymon, and many :moro from other secular callings have dono the same. If tho Lord led them to do that, well and good ; but however that may be, God wants witnesses in every profession and calling. Ho wants wit nesses in tho pews as well as in the pulpit.' Tho major said, 'Yon arc warming mo up to what T used to feel before I was discouraged. How can I get back to my first usefulness? I remember it to be a great joy to mo to write to friends and speak to them about Jesus.' ' You can do this very easily,' I said. 'Ask God to forgive tho past, and give you His grace for tho future. Soy to Him, ' Lord what wouldst Thou have mo todoP' When .wo are converted to God wo have a work to do. Tho Apostle says we arc 'created in Christ Jesus unto flood works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in (hem' (Eph. ii. 10). ' Ask God,' I said, ' what fruit you should benr. or what work He has created you for. He will certainly answer you, and put vou into your right place. Thon you will find yourself as happy and as free as a bird in tho air or a fish in tho water. The reason- why some Christinns are so miserable and full of doubts is be cause they hnvo have not found out their lifework. They aro liko fish out of water, or like a bird in your hands instead of fly ing in the air.' ' Lot us havo prayer together,' said tho major, as if he had determined to lose no more timo. After I had prayed he was about to riso from his knees, when I put my hand upon him and said, ' Nay, my friend you must pray too.' Turning round and looking at mo, ho said, ' I can no more do that thau I cart %?' ' You dear man,' I answered, ' just kneel down and tell God that, and it will touch His heart more than it has touched mine.' He was shy more than unwilling, and ashamed more than unable- After a few minutes' pause, howover, ho said, ' Lord, toach mo how to pray. Lord, forgive my past barrenness. '. I said, 'Amen.' Ho continued, 'I' do mourn' the years and opportunities I have lostl Lot me redeem tho time-' ? Agnin I said, 'Amen.' Ho . went on, 'Lord what wouldst Thou hav& ' mo to do? Show me — lead mo — strengthen mo.' That was n happy moment. Tho Lord was there, and the answer was certain. Wo aro3e from our knees thanking God. . . Tho major was just 'thirsting- to go to work. I showcdhim the text. ?'? If any man thirst, lot him come unto Mo, and: .? drink. Ho that bnlioveth on Me, as the Scripturo hath said, out of his boUy shall flowrivors of living water.' (John vii, 37 ?'? ''Living water,' 'I said, 'istcstimbnyfor God in the power of the Spirit. Do not confuse thi3 power of tho Holy Ghost with with His convicting or converting power. This is .iv. special anointing for service, which has been obtained for us by the ascended Lord. . Only tho glorified Jesus can give tins Pentecostal gift. It will onablo you to speak and work with a power not your own. You will feel and know that it is not you but the Holy Ghost who is energising you. How strange tho apostles must.have felt when they woro speaking languages they had never learned ! Wliothor they thomselves understood what they were uttering or not, they saw that there were some present among tho strangers who did.' Tho major looked thoughtful and some what perplexed ; so I invited him to ask me any question, that I might find put his difficulty. He said, ?' It seoms to me that believing in Josus Christ is some thing more than I havo been aeeustomod to think.' . 'It may bo so,' Irepliod, 'for bclicvjng in Christ does not mean merely bolieving in His death. It is true Ho died, but , it is equally true that Ho rose. The Apostle, adds, ' Yen rather, that is risen again.' It is true, also, that He ascended up on high, and that He is coming again.; Only to boliove in His death is a very small moioty of the full object of faith. We receive the forgivonoss of sins through His death— His keeping powor through His resurrection — ahd power for service throMgh-his ascension. The Lord Himself says, that tho Holy Ghost is with you for convoriiori, in you ,,for keeping (seo John xiv'. 17), and upon you for service (Acts i.;'8);.' ' . . 'Thank you — thank' you,' said, the ,. . . major. heartily. , ' I caino hero to-day bo .. ? ^ ciiu.se,' I was so dejected and miserable that I could not bear my' own company. I did not know God was going to meet me ,..:?? in this way! I do thank Him. and that with all my heart.' ' .'. '??':';''. ''' '; ; This gentloman in a few weeks' time re turned- to his own rosidonco ia the south of England.- No sooner had. he reached home than he made it his first business .to call uuon the rector of tho parish and tell him of his desire and readiness to work for God. , ' ?'?.... The rootor's reply was, ' I do not quite know what work to givo you. Would' you object to road the, lessons in church when Mr V ? is absent P' The major answered, ' I will do that ;' but I am not accustomed to reading in public. I should like to have somo Bible- readings in my house with a fow tnends. ' ' Oh, cortainly,' roplied tho rector. ' You do not ask my permission to give a dinner or a ball. By all means road the Bible!' The mnjbr, encouraged thus fur, invited his friends to an uftoruoon Bible-reading. In a few weeks the drawingroom; was too small to scat all who came, so that they collected the chairs from every robin in the house, und arranged them in the kit chen, which happened to be 'the largest apartment. Even this failed to accom modate tho numbers who came, so that at last they were obliged to go out into the garden. ' Then it came to the major's mind to build a hall, one where ho could not only receive his friends, hut which would be suitablo for evangelistic work. Two gen tlemen, unsolicited, assisted him with money -to complete the building, which was at length used as a kind of mission room in the parish. By the end of tho year tho major was tho centro of a blossed work in that neigh borhood, for it was near a town and other villages. He was not naturally a speaker, he had no voice for singing, nor had he oven an attiaitiyelmanner, but, on the con trary, would be called prosy and heavy ; yet he was used of the Lord to carry on a great work. No one noed despair for the' want o£ gifts. Human gifts and attractions may produce apparent and as tonishing results j but those are not so abiding or effectual as the work of the Holy Ghost. .. - 