CONTINUED FROM THURSDAY'S SCPPLB JTEKT.] [ALL KlfillTS RESERVED.] TWICE TRIED. ? BY ANNIE S. SWAN, AUTHOR OF "ALIIKIISYDI;" "CARLOWRIE, "ACROSS HEI: PATH," ''SUNDERED "HEARTS." ETC.. ETC.. CHAPTER - XXVIII. FAREWELL. Robert Angus went down stairs, entered his wife's study, and shut the door. It is well there are not many such moments in life; they could not bo compensated on earth. He walked up and down the floor of this darkened room, sometimes pausing to look curiously at the mconbeams, which, stealing through the halt- closed Venetians, made pale, uncertain lines across the carpet. After a time he sat down in his wife's chair, at the writing-table in the window, and buried his face in his arms. He sat thus in absolute silenco for a long time. In the kitchen the three maids were grouped about the hearth, wondering what could be the matter, and afraid, though it .was near midnight, to go to bed, lest their services should bo required. The master had had nothing when he came oil his jour ney, and they dared not intrude to ask for any orderj. Tim terrible, unknown, bat crushing sorrow seemed to be more dire in its consequences than little Eric's death. ' I'll go up and knock at the mistress's door,' said Kitty, bravely rising when the eight-day clock on the kitchen "stairs rang twelve. ' I am not fit to bear this quietness no longer.' She stole lightly up the stairs to the din ing-room flat, but just as she pulled the baize-covered door back she paused, for there was a footfall coming down from the upper landing, and in a moment she saw the white robed figure of her mistres3, with her long dark hair fastened by a silver pin and hang ing about her shoulders, glide across the hall and into the study. So there was nothing for her but to go back to her neighbours again, which-she did, shivering as if she had seen a ghost. Robert Angus was not conscious of the opening of the door, not conscious of the light footstep crossing the floor, and he started violently whon he felt a presence near him, and wlien his wife's hands entwined them- j selves about his arms. But he did not look, up j nor yet utter any word. . Robert,' she said, at length, in an! almost voiceless whisper, but he heard it. " I have cimie back. I was very hard upon you. It was my pride that was hurt. For give me ! Let us bear this together while we may ' He turned about, folded his arms about the kneeling figure, and drew it to his breast. He bent down his head, and rested his check upon the shining-brawn tresse3 with which lie had so often plavud. After a time she felt his tears tailing on her hands ; and with ,a quick'sob she wound her arms about his neck, and prayed him to be ealm: It was more than she could bear. ' You have forgiven me, Joan ?' he said, at length. ' You believe it was through my love for you I erred. It was a terrible temptation. Had I loved you less L need not have succumbed to ir, p,o easily.' 'Ikuow, I. know V she answered, quickly. ' It is I who must ask to be forgiven for my hardness of heart. I ought not to be here,' she e.mlinued, her voice falling to a wliijper again. ' ft cin be no sin, can it, seeing it must be the last tine, and that we part to morrow?' ' Fur ever, Joan ?' ' Don't ask me, Robert!' she moaned. ' It is sufficient for me to bear a3 it is.' ' When I think of your ruined life, my darling, I am unin mned,' he said, hoarsely. * You of all women to have such a fate. Was it for this you bestowed upon ma the un speakable blessing of your love V ' Hush! hush! We must not, dare not-, question; only accept, as unmurmuringly as \vc can, what cannot be helped,' she whis pered. ' After all, we have been happy. We have memory to live upon. I am not sure that if I could I would undo the past. I have really tasted life's sweets these past two years.' ' Joan,'said Robert Angus, so suddenly and earnestly that..wviilIvny "In \v7iich we can-partially,' at least-remedy the evil my unhappy wife w**»ugUu Can you gucsst" ' Yes, you can ask the law to make your former marriage null and void,' sh*) answered, 'But ' But what, my darling?' ;i You remember what the Bible Bays of the man who shall marry again after he is divorced nhe said &livinkin;<;ly. 'Though you bIiouM divorce yourself, from Amy liunielt; and we should be married, I could never fuel tin il I had any right to be your ? wife.' - . 'Then we must part indefinitely, perhaps for ever, Joan?', 'I-I think it would bo better so,' she fal tered. 'We will get strength.- It may not- be so hard as you think.' ' But you, Joan? Do you know/what it-will involve for you? Exclusion from the world; from the so-jiety of which you have been so bright an ornament.' ~ ; " If that be the world's verdict, I am con tent to accept it,' she said, with a strange, sad smile. 1 And what will society' be to me ?without you?' Ihey were silent again,each weighed down by the burden of iho dark future, which seemed like some tossing, shoreless . sea, without haven or destination., I ' You have seen Amy?' said Join, inquir ingly, after a time.. > , ' Yea, I saw her. I met her by accident one day in the park talking with Lady . Finch's children. Knowing Lady Finch had brought a governess with'her from New foundland, 1 had no. difficulty in understan ding the whole matter.'' 1 ' Then you vrent to see her?' . «1 did.' . 'What did she say?' ' Don't ask me, Joan. If there be a ?woman on earth utterly devoid of feeling or heart except in- her own -interests that ?woman is Amy Bnrnett,' lie said," passion; ately. ' Her chief andto hoc we aho"1*' B v~TJ t is terrible to think what a living lie her life lias been these past four years,' said Joan, shuddering. ' Poor erring Amy ! One wrong step has led to too many more.' ' Joan, is it possible you can have an atom of-of sympathy or compassion for her V exclaimed Robert, in astonishment. ' When I tliink of her poor mother, when I remember w hat she was, Robert, there is nothing but pity in my heart for her,' Baid Joan, her face shining withjdivino unselfish ness. ' Whatever my lot may be, lier's is the harder, for my conscience has no burden upon it.' 'I never knew till now how utterly unworthy I was of you, Joan,' said Robert Angus, humbly. ' When I hear you speak, I feel as if I could almost bo strong to part with you. And yet, God knows, without you my life will bo empty indeed,' ' On this side, but over yonder all will be well,' whispered Joan, dreamily, and her face shone with something of the peace ?which, in answer to her agonised prayer, had come as a benison from Heaven. ' See, the dawn is breaking,' she said, rising to her feet, and pointing to the faint glimmering of light in the room. 1 You are in need of rest., and s am I. Later in the day-for it is a no day now---,ve can talk more, and make our arrangements.' A Bmile flickered for a moment on the grave beautiful mouth, but the quivering the lips speedily dispelled it. She waa brave, indeed, but it would not in a moment be crushed down. She bent over him, laid her white band caress- j ingly on the dark head, lightly touched his j brow with her lips, and glided from the j room. In her heart of hearts she said it waa Irer last farewell. Before the day was very old, ? Mr. and Mrs. Angus from Auchengray arrived at the house iu Cadogan-place, having travelled all night. Isabel coMld not rest until she had seen And spoken with Joan. Poor (Isabel' it seemed as if her. dead brother's sins were beibg visited indeed upon her head, and this was the bitterest fruit of all. Robert received them. . Ho had only thrown himself upon the study- couch, sleep being out of the question.. JJitty told him her mistress had fallen asleep in. her' tJreas ing-room. ' Whero is Joan V said Isabel^ hurriedly, putting back her veil from her haggard face. 'Will she see me ? Does she feel bitter against me J I should not wonder, only it would break my heart-.' . 'None of us know Joan yot^ Mrs. Angus.' replied Robert,, with a. mournful smile. ' A ndjl, who'have been blessed with her close companionship so long, know her least of all. There is no bitterness in her heart. The way in which she has borne thisawful shock is quite unlike anything I have ever seen. She is more an angel than a womau. She would even pity and pardon the woman whto has done her so bitter a wroiig-.' 'Then she is too good lot this World. She won't live-,'replied Mr. Angus almost hotly. 1 Is there no law to punish a person who has done what that person has: done $ I daren't trust myself to name heis Can't she be hanged, or something ' Hush -1 hush 5' said Isabel gently. ' No, I won't hush ! I; must speak to somebody or I'll explode. - The hussey ! I only wish I had. her here. 'John Burnett can't have brought up his children properly, or they would'.l't turn out suclt repro bates1 Isabel turned about and quitted the room, and Robert listened patiently to his father's ravings, guessing they would relieve his mind. He had been so stunned'at first at the story his son told him at Auchengray that he had been unable to utter a word. j ' Well, what are you going to do V in quired the old gentleman, when he had spent his wrath in plain speaking about Amy Burnett. ' Of course, there will be no difficulty in getting a divorce, and then you can be married again.' ' There would be no difficulty, but Joan will not agree to it,' replied Robert, quietly. ' Nat agree to it? In the name of woli der, why not V - ' She lias peculiar and strong ideas on certain subjects., father,' said Robert, with difficulty. ' Her decision in, this -, matter I believe to be firm and unalterable. 1 would rather not discuss it just now,:it you please.' ' Then what is slio going to do ?' queried Air. Angus, in open-mouthed- amaSement. Robert shook his head. t * Does sho know what the thing involves ? Ha3 Bhe faced it in all its bearings ? Does she know how the world treats people in Buch a position f ' .' ?? ' i ' She knows that she will have to retire into solitude, that she can have no position anywhere!' groaned Robert Angus, in the anguish of his soul. ' Is the woman mad 1' ' . ? 1 For Heaven's sake, father, be quiet, if you cannot say aught..to. help or"CQmfort,> said Robert, passionately, unable to bear any more. ' : ' I never heard the like of it,' said .'the banker, more quietly. . ' And" you were so happy together ; and Isabel and , I, were so I proud and happy in you both.: Poor Joan !! poor, poor girl !' '. His warm, impulsive feelings would no longer be hid under the semblance of bluster ing anger. Hi* firm under lip quivored, tears chased each other down his cheeks, and he cried like a child. To Robert Angus the sight of his father's . grief was even more painful than his assumed irritability, and he began to walk restlessly to snd fro to m'ABter his own feelings. * Inabel and I have talked it over,' Rcibert,' said the old man,, at length,. ^and_ wjs'gg 8firyifr1man"riow . time I was getting aside from active life. I'll give^ un th«; nnnoor.., «nU we'll go abroad, and make a homo for that poor stricken .creature,' who lias scarcely known a day's happines since her father died. I think she will be happy with us. We'll do what we can to- make *>p for all she has lost-at least she'll feel that she isn't alone'in this cold,'cruel-world? : 'God bless you, fattier.!' ..fell- hoarsely from Robert Angub's. lips, and he took his father's hand in a grip of iron; whiuh told a little of the relief,' the unspeakable gratitude which filled his soul. Ju3t then tho door opened, and Isabel looked . irir^ Her face was wet with tears, and her voice tremulous with emotion. ' Joan would like'to see you,' she said to ller hiisband. ' You need not be -afraid ; she is very calm and composed. Her forti tude is simply marvellous." Robert Angus, the younger, remained below while the two went upstairs. Ho had no right any more to seek his wife's presence; she was his no more. They were as com pletely parted as if death-had taken the one and left the other. Perhaps in 'timo that thought might be less fraught with agony ; and yet it was greater than ho could bear. It was rapidly arranged that day that Mr. Angus, the older, should escort his own wife and Joan back to Cannes, where they would remain until his affairs were wound up, and he could join them there. That was all that - was settled in the meant:mo, the discussion of the future being loft till Joan was more able to bear it. She was very calm, very sweet, very passive in their hands, like one, Isabel thought, whoso interest in life was dead. On the evening of the second day tho trio started for the sunny south, once more leaving Robert Angus alone in the desolate j house. It had been agreed that nothing need be Baid yet about the extraordinary change in their domestic affairs. Soon-ay, too soon-the world's tongue would wag terrible moment to them. Joan wduld not seek a private parting from her husband. Isabel guessed the reason why. Hec heart was already too sorely riven. He was in the hall to see them off, and when the others stepped out Joan turned to him and held out her hand. Neither spoke; but the language of the eyes, those mirrors of the soul, could not bo mistaken. In both shone the deep, un quenchable yearning of unaltered love. It was over in a moment. Sir. Angus came back, took Joan on his arm, and droiv the hall door close after them. A moment moro, and the carriago wheels rattled over the stony street, and Robert Angus was alone indeed among the ruins of his happi ness and his home. CHAPTER XXIX. A WASTED LIFE. The summer wore on, flying with golden wings for the happy and lighted- hearted, but dragging slowly and heavily for those had little in their lives sympathetic with sunshine and summer weather. August hot, sultry, oppressive August - found Robert Angus still in town, toiling in his office at Lombard- street like a galley slave. His partners urged upon him' to take a rost, to join his wife on the Continent for. a wpek or two, or at least to relax his unceasing attention to business ; but ho assured them he was in no need of changei. They wero astonished, and discussed between them selves the probability that Angus and his clever wile were not on good terms with each other. In times gon'o by lie had not needed urging to tarn his back upon business, bnt had been the one most frequently away. Whatever tho explanation, Robert Angus himself gave them no hint, nr any aatis 1 faction whatsoever, so they had just to oeaae speculating about the matter. He wa3 sitting at his desk one afternoon about closing time when the office boy brought Iiiui a letter in an envelope with a broad black border, and sealed with a crest he did not recognise. The writing was a lady's-a clear, delicate, refined hand. With some curiosity-ho broke the seal, and when he saw the addrojg he Btartcd, and tan his eyes rapidly over it, Thti3 it read c u 32, Boardman-sqiiare-, S.W., Augiiat £4th." "Dear Mr. An^us.-My children's gover Mrs-. Arty Burnett, who, as perhaps .?vou art ft Ware, came with mo from St. John's^ !s lying dangerously ill. The doctors say recovery is out of tho question, decline lieing the malady. She implorikl lile to-day with great earnestness to send for you. I was greatly surprised, not knowing she had .anj' acquaintance in London outside our own circle. I may say she appears to be in great distress of mind, and if you could ease that distress in any way you would greatly oblige me by calling immediately, if possible. Hoping you are well, and that Mrs. Angu3 is recruiting abroad, -I am, yours sinceriiiy', " Ltfcx ASXE FiScBt-."" : Within the hour Robert Angus was "ring ing tfr6 b6ll at Siidy Finch's door. He was shown mt'6 the same room where he had met Amy face to face, and almost immediately Lady Finch entered. They had never met, although each waa well known to tho other by She bowed, and quietly thanked hiili for liis prompt attention to her mes sage. ?'Tarn greatly surprised, and a little dis tressed as well, Mr. Augus,' she said, look ing keenly at him. ' Mrs. Burnett led me to understand that she had no friends; and yet in her wandering she has mentioned many names, your own and your wife's with the greatest frequency. There is, I fear, some mystery about her." j ' There i3 indeed. Lady Finoh( may T | ask you to trust me until 1 hftv6 Seen her 11 I assure you, you Will hot be kept in the ! dark onB'ittoment loiiger than I can help,' said Robert Angus, quietly, and with that winning entreaty which seldom could be denied. She bowed, - c ' Most certainly,' she said, kindly, ' Will you please step upstairs n<?w ? Mrs. 'Bur nett is awake, and quite conscious. She is growing very impatient for you to come.'' } Robert Angus nodded and turned t->, fol low Lady Slnch upstairs. 'I will not come in. Dj not agitate her more than you can help,1 she said, anxiously. ' Ring if you think she requires my assistance; I shall not be far away. Robert silently nodded, and entering the room, shut ths door. He started violently at sightof the w :nan who had tried him so cruelly, and if any buterness remained in' his'heart it' fl:d for ever before the fast approaching majesty of death. She was sitting up in bed, propped by pillows, fier short, bright curls clustering about her head like a halo, her eyes unnaturally hollow and brilliant, her wasted cheeks bearing that vivid rod flush so unmistakably indicative of decline, Robert Angiia wfts inexpressibly shocked. Was it possible th&t; three months coald have wrought thi3 swift and terrible change V She turned her head, and a'wan smile Bickered for a moment about her wasted lips, and tho feeble head beckoned him to come nearer. 'I am so weak t cannot speak loud. I can only whisper, and J have a great deal to say,'she sail1 with diffi culty, and Robert Angus silently obeyed. He really felt at that moment that he had . not a word to say. . ' You see I am nearly done with life,' she whispered. ' It has weighed upon me: all. the summer, till it has brought me toithis.' . * What' he asked, with strange abrupt ness. ' The weight of my aecret. .. The thought of Josn ond of you,: the yearning ' for my mother-all, nil have killed me,' she Baid, wearily. ' They tell, me I have not many days to live, so I sent for you to ask you - to UTi . . * * "V U HVllIg (OpYier Btill ; * No ; my wife left mo montljo ogu. 0lie is no* living abroad, with my father and' his wife,' was Robert Anyus'a brief re ply- ' ; ' How did she bear it? You thought it would kill her. But hearts are not so easily broken. Oh,1 Robert, Robert !' I * The golden, head drooped- upon, the breast, and burning tears forced themselves from her eyes. ' Hush ,! hush ! you will exhaust yoursejf,' Robert Angus said gently, arid; impelled ,by_ a vast compassion, he laid his . hand . soothingly on the down- bont head. She caught it in both her own and passionately kissed it. " : : ' | . 'I will try to be calm. I will do; every-' thing you wish, if only you will'speak so, kindly to me,' she Baid brokenly. 'Tell me something about poor Joan. Do you think she would forgive me if she knew I was on my dying bed ! 'She forgave you from the first, Amy,' Robert Angns answered, with difficulty,. ' What can I tell you of her t I hare not seen nor heard from her since the beginning of May. She is but in indifferent health, my father tells me.' ' Was it a great blow to her;?1, whispered Amy. ' I used to lie awake at nights picturing how she would look when you told her. I know not how very wrong 1 was in keeping the knowledge of my being alive from you. It was done thoughtlessly^ heedlessly, but I have suffered for it. I liave indeed.' . - j ' We have all suffered, Amy,' said Robert Angus, sadly. ' Why did you ever leave me at all ? I have often wondered that.' ' I don't know myself. I'seemed to have been pursued by some evil thing huntifig mo to my fate. Oh, what would I not have given to be back in safety with you when we where tossing on the sea ! I knew too soon how great mysin and myttiistakehad been.' nnu,}}\9 5t any more,' he this interview which is painfuffor u^' both* What can I do for you ? Would ' like to see any of your frieticu." a strange, bright, eager light sprang into her eyes, and she said in tones of pitiful yearn ing ' Do you think any of them would come ? My mother-is sho still alive? What; you said about her being on tho brink of: the grave haa haunted me day and ni»ht. I was very often nearly going home, only I was afraid.' ' Your mother wi'l cjmo, Amy. I will bring hor if you wish.1 'Will you? HOT can you be so kind, sol ready to help me, aftsrall tho cruel suffering I have caused you ?' alio asked, wonderingly. ' Had anyone so injured mo I should live ! but to be revenged.' ' Joan taught me, Amy,' ho said, and she saw the quick light of passionate love for tlio absent one leap into his eyes, and know that his heart ,vaa wholly estranged from her. ' Do you love her vory dearly, Robert V ahe asked, wistfully. ' She wau my wife, and she loved me,' said Koberfc, quietly. ' I wa3 your wife, too,' she said ; then, as if the A-ords wero forced from hor against her will. 'But you love her more than you aver lovod mo. Am I not right ?' ' For Heaven's sake, Amy, do not. torture yourself and me by such questions,' he said, passionately. ' What can it matter to you now. I think I had better leave you. I will go down to Scotland to-night, and by Thursday at the latest your mother will be by your bedside.' ' You are sure she will come ? Tell me. how they all bore it. It must have been a terrible blow. I have never dared to think of my, father. We feared his auger, perhaps because we saw it so seldom.' 'It can do no good to recall the unhappy past,' he said, gently, but firmly, feeling in-, wardly a little impatient of her -persistence in referring to such painful mattel's. .' Only I one thing more before I go. It is iny in ! tention to tell feacly Finch the whole story before i leAve the house-.' ' you think it niiist be told \ Blow she will'despise me,' perhaps turn me out of the house,1 sho said, with a burst-of childish tears. ' Would it not be better to wait until ,1 am dead f 'No, I will tell her to-day. She'has a right to know. How otherwise could this interview and the arrival of Mrs. Burnett be ex plained? Be reasonable, Amy. Lady: Finch iB too kind-hearted a woman to turn you away now.' 1 Very well; if it must be, it must. bo. 1 want to do right but it is so hard. I hate unpleasant things. Robert, do you think Joan would not'come and tell i'ne she forgives me, if'yo'A ask het 1 I should like to see her once more.' ; ' [ could not bring her home in hor pre sent state of health and subject her to such an ordeal,'- lie said, quietly. ' You may accept my assurance that she does; forgive you. I know she does in her inmost heart.' 'Very well. Of course you. must be very careful of her, when .you love her so, and when you will claim her again so soon," she said plaintively. 'Are you going ? But I shall see yuu again. 1 must see you agiin ! Do'you know I love you ten thou sand times better than Joan could ever7 do ? And-.- ' 1 . : 'Hush! hush!' ho said sternly, and turning upon his heel quitted the room; for he could make nothing of her, self seemed to be sorpredominant still. , s '..Will you ask Bady Finish to grant nie a. few minutes' cdnVersition-, please ?' he asked a servant he met on the landing. ' Yes, sir. She is in the drawing-room ; will you please to step this fray the girl answered ; and he followed her into the presence of her mistress. It was with some curiosity that Ladjr Finch turned to greet him again, for her mind was a maze of bewilder ment and doubt-. ' You found her much changed and ;very ] weak no doubt,'she said, inquiringly. ll hope the interview did not exhaust her.' j I do not think $o. Yes, she is greatly changed,' said Robert, leaning his arm on the inantel, and fixing his eyes on the wealth | of green boughs iniertwined about (he fire place. There was a moment's silence. ' Lady Finoh, you are surprised at my ( acquaintance with Amy Burnett,' lie said, presently, without lool'ing.up. 'Yea. Have you known, her long 1 Did you know her in that mysterious past to wlilch she has never even casually, referred to ({it now ?' ' tes, I know her well. She was once my wife,' j An exclamation of surprise and dismay fell from Lady Finch's lips, and she rose up. What ra&nrterof; adventuress liadsheshelti:red so long } What Winner of Ionian, had she permitted to be the guide and close com panion of her children ? ' It is a painful story, Lady Finch ; may I ask you to resume your seat while I relate it to you as briefly as possible ?' he nsked ? and she sauk helplessly into her chair again' and foWad her hands on her khee. ' ' The;, .1, concisely and briefly as possible itoburt^ Angus laid bare to a' stranger the story of his life. It was painful for him to .tell, paiuful for her to listeD, and both were relieved when it was over. Lady Finch was ^deeply shocked, deeply hurf likewise t|iat her generous kindheas had been so un-: doBorvedly bestowed. ' What a mistake it has all been, and I liavemade her my bosom . companion- have loved her almost as a sister/she said, with ,a slight flush of indignation iir her gentle eyes. * What a course of deceit her life" has hfiftn I. 0)» .1 j- i 4 - -k>j .uaa * not f!0»V faminafn^ wi.narun ; ana yet I do not think she 1ms. I have frequently heard her urge upon them tho fearful-consequences of :"7f '!'lg; a"'l tho necessity of. standing, ever by the truth. : . ' Out of her own bitter experience she ?t! i ^ with Rdded weight,'said Kobevt. yFinch, you have done iilready for the poor creature upstair, what ,can never 'be acknowledged or repaid. ,. May I ask you as a personal favour to my wife and myself,that" you will extend your mercy a little'" further, a"d allow her (o dib? We Ire comparative strangers to,ypn,,:and it is'a bui ."i,r ?'For your',wife's sake,, because of the strength aud stimulus- she has so often given us m her books, I will gladly grant your re , .quest, she said, smiling; alittle. ' It would ill become m8 to turn a dying woman to the door even though she had in a manner ih taught5"0 t,s noc the lesson the Master 'God bless you!' fell fervently from Robert and"rl aQd he l0°k8d With adn"ration and reverence upon tho sweet face shin.1 mgWhB;tSfrmPfSiT aDd kind1^ I 'ftJ fnends? Her P°or father and mother-any of her relatives will be welcome to see her here,' said Lady Finch, presently 'It mi^ht make the last days ?*3' r or ller. anijier mother,'a heurt would be.set at rest. ; "i!1 a"0"' me,. Lady. :Fiuch, I will convey your _kmd m'eisaga to Mrs 5jht/ 1 lnt6nd g°in{r to Scotland \o I.J ^Kti'/?.Ubl9 ^0U ar6 wiU!t»g to take on her behalf! exclaimed Lady Finch in voluntarily /Not many could be so ma-" nanimous. ° j ' I cannot forget what she was, and 1 love t her mother very dearly, Lady Finch,' said Robert quickly. ' Besides, it is what Joan I would havo me do.' . I 'This, then, is the explanation of Mrs' uZt\ Notrred re3idence th° con: f H C6u «ay y0U botl1 havo my heart said .:,7'..®enotidcd.and there was a moment's Please (joq, ti'Hru jn atorofor you both,' Are you going now 7 Qood-bve, "k you for j our confidence in ml/ T J/ "r^ ',10t ask you to rdSar'l 't as saored ^dy Finch Perhaps the world oed never know that our marriage tie Wft3 dls hand a[^t£0'']!eeaid' " ^ h« ' You are nVlit \v> j0alouSyguardour'f;u;. too M'n,,d hiw a P'-yi"g, uncharitable oyo ' e said, warmly returning his clas^'Not air'An^ °V 3iSt°r Sh:iU 1 tQl1 thi3 ^rv, ; AnS,,s- may rest assured that "it W1» never pass my lips again.' (To he Continued.) j 