^iterators. WITHOUT LOVE or LICENSE, A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. Bx H&.WLEY SMART, Author of 'Breezie Laugton,' 'The Maater of BathkeiS}-,'* ' I*ong Odds,' &c.; (By special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved ] Chai'tek. VIII. —The Waksino, The week's slipped by. Exmouth had never been gayer than it was that summer. Garden parties, tennis tournaments, cricket matches, water picnics, and dances followed each other in rapid succession. Plenty was also going on in Exeter, and the revels in both places were attended by the people of each to tu. Fred Hallaton threw himself Into all the tan going on round him with all the life and vigor that characterised his nature. In the ballroom, in front of the nets, or in front of the wickets he threw himself into ths pastime of the hear heart and eonl. He was by no Kesisa a bad fellow, bat he was apt to pursue the pleasure of the moment with cat counting the coBt, and at the present ttae was playing a game that has often brought infinite tribulation to the player. He was paying marked attention to one woman while he was madly in love with another. Mary lydney was no foolish sentimen tal young woman to let her heart go out of her keeping at the firat few courtesies that a man might pay to her. She had had two disappointments, the latter of which she had borne with becoming resignation, bnt the first had been a very different matter. Her heartstrings had been f ore wi UDg about that first love affair ; for a lorg time she had not known how It ?sra3 ihat her betrothed had suddenly left her. But persistent questioning forced Jrcrti her father the humiliating fact that her £ snet had broken eff his engagement because he could come to no satisfactory 3rra:'gement in money matters with Mr. Iydcej. What particular point he had taken umbrage at she had never cared to enquire ' She- felt sure that her father wi.uld be most liberal In his offer of Eetdemeiits, and she cowered with fctarce when she thought that this nian, who had professed to iove her ho tieaiiy, had loved nGt herself but her money. As her father's only daughter the sapj:osed that some of these days she should not only bo very well off, but that her fatb.es would make her a handsome allowance if he approved of her choice, and sfce thought that the man whose re quirements in this respect her father had jailed to satisfy must be indeed greedy of sold. She liked Hallaton, and could not help being aware that he paid her marked attention, but she was not likely to let fctr heart go lightly out of her own keep ing a second time. Then, moreover, she knew knew of his acquaintance with ' that veiy objectionable Miss Mercer,' and she often wondered whether he saw an j tiling of that young lady now. She bad sever asked him ; they had tacitly agreed that that fair damsel was never to be the subject of their discourse. Strangely enough, Sarah was equally carious to know if Fred saw much of Miss Lydney, but Hallaton sternly repressed all enquiries In that direction, and im perious as the girl was, and great as was her power over him, Bhe found her lover, too, had. a temper of his own, and, strange to say, she liked him all the better for it. Sarah Mercer had been so accustomed to tnle her bwsIiib right royally that it interested her to have a man at her feet whom Bhe could not quite deal with as she pleased. That society generally had noticed hovs attentive the young artillery man was to Mary Lydney it is needless to say, and that coclety waggled its head and whispered that all was arranged between Mr. Hallaton and the banker's daughter. Some of those dear elderly ladies to whom a past scandal is a thing preserved but never buried, whispered ominously that the thing had. happened twice before, that Mary had no dlfncalty in getting engaged, bnt In her case that never seemed to lead to a wedding. As for Dicky Ohlves, when the ru∨ fixBt met his ears he pat down his pipe, and said gravely, and in awestruck tones, ' Is thiB true, you fellows ? I don't go gadding about, you know ; but has he gone too far to be caved, because if he hasn't; I'll spesk to him ? ' But his comrade generally replied that Hallaton was making uncommon stroig tunning if he didn't mean It, and that If he was not engaged yet he was as good as. On hearing which Dicky resumed hta brule guele, puffed a heavy cloud of smoke from under his moustache, and grimly ejaculated, 'There's another good man gone wrong S ' Dicky consequently never said any thing to Fred concerning this rumor. He haled to eee his chums marry, because he kcew that they then became lost to him in that capacity. It was not that the better halves of some of these lost sheep had not striven to make their houses plea sant to their husbands' old friends — the difficulty was with Dicky himself ; he got on veiy well with ladies once induced to mingle with them, and indeed would have been rather a favorite with them If he could only be persuaded to go more frequently amongst them, but, to use bis own expression, he 'shied at a petticoat.' It mnet have been, I suppose, the mental strain required for the making of small talk, for he was a man to whom, except In the matter of tobacco, a lady's presence imposed no very unaccustomed restraint. If Ohives had asked Fred whether ho was going to marry Miss Lydney thai gentleman -would probably have told Dicky not to be a fooL 'I visit a good deal at their house at Exmouth ; Id's all rot to think just because a man is a little civil to the daughter of the house that he Is thinking about marrying her,' and at the present moment It was probable that Fred tad never jaken thought to himself of what would be the end of either of his loveafiaire. -, ,., . .y ? ??;? Yet *rith^ttiate%aietylie wtnMxeljip In HaHaton found time somehow to pay many a visit to the Old Dragon Inn. '_- JBfe . made a flimsy pretext of , a passion , for hearing these old smugging legends, and ; had even been .taken T-y Satah to see old Bob Matter. He had made that veteran happy by a largesse of diver and tobacco, and endured, as he laughingly remarked, two or three stupendous lisa from the lips of that drunken old Bailor. Bub, for the moBt part, he sought bis information from Miss Mercer's own pretty mouth, to which his own at times got in closer proximity than strict etiquette warranted. 'I can't think,' said Sarah, ss she walked lovingly with Fred Hallaton in the garden one autumn afternoon, ' what father's fad is about that old ball room. He keeps it most jealously locked ; as for Hb being unsafe, that's ail moon shine. '.' ?*-'It doesn't much matter,' replied Hallaton . ' It is only an eld man's whim, I fancy. It may be that your father has got it into his head that some of all the lumber and old furniture we saw there Is valuable.' 'I Bleep a good way from It,' replied Sarah, ' but sometimes I hear strange noises that sound as if they came from the old room. I told mother so the other day, and remarked if the ghosts of the old smugglers bad come back they moat have come in very substantial form 1' 'And what did Mrs. Mercer say?' *' Nearly snapped my nose off,' replied the girl laughing. ' Told me I was old enough to know better, and that she would trouble me to hold my tongue and not go talking about such things, adding, * If you go gabbling about ghosts I shall have the girls afraid to move about the house now the days are drawing in.9 Father and Mr. Brent, too, are quite touchy about my allusion to that rcom.;j ' I can't eee what Mr. Brent has to do with it,' f aid Hallaton, 'anymore than I can Eee what on earth he Is doing here. Ey the way, what does he do here V ' I'm sure I don't know,' rapiied Sarah ; 'he goes out very little, and never, to my knowledge, into Exmoutb. He seems to spend most of his time talk ing to father.' Hallaton here turned the conversation into more personal channels His question had been asked from very Idleness, for what Mr. Brent's business might be at the Dragon was a thlDg in which he felfc no interest. Inside the bar parlor it was evident that something unusual had occurred to disturb the usually tranquil conversation that went on between Joe Mercer and his guest. 'This letter is serious,' exclaimed Brent. 'That inquisitive chattering msgpie Tcotell was bad enough, bat even if he did eucceed In recollecting me, although it would be awkward, still there could be no such consequences as would happen in this case.' ?' Read the letter again.' replied Mercer eententlously. 'Letter,' returned the other; 'It!a only a line from one of my most trusted confederates, a man who has been in a gcod many big things with me. He don't eay much, but Jim can say a good deal in a few words. There's nothing more than this— 'Mind -yourselves; Creasey Is out.' And if he had said the devil Is unchained 1 shouldn't have considered it so serious.' 'Well, I can't quite understand It,' eaid Mercer. 'To begin with, who Is Creasey. and what Is he out of 2' ' Out of prison, curse him. Creaaey is the bane of my existence, the millstone thatias been round my neck all my life. But for Creasey,' continued Brent pas sionately, ' I might have been something very different. -I unjasfely got the credit years ago of a robbery that Creasey com mitted, ard a tobber In some shape I've remained ever since. I've never storied to be the mere vulgar bandit that Creaney is — a man who has adopted burglary as his calling.' Carried a^ay by hl3 own tempestuous feelings, Brent did not notice hla com panion's countenance, but suddenly his1 eye fell upon Jce'a awestruck face, and pausing, be said with a laugh — 'Do I f lighten you, old man V ' I knew nothing about Creasey,' was the reply, ' you never told me you were miced up with people of that sort, and what is the use of calling things by such ugly names 1 1 don't hold with robbery, mind yon.' 'Ah, you don't,' said Brent, 'pray what do yon call our present business V ' Well, it is smart trading, if you must talk about it,' said Joe. ' I get all the produce I can off the farm, and sell it at tbe best market.' Brent burst into a fit of laughter. ' Now.'' continued Joe, ' what about Creasey : not that I've any desire to make his acquaintance, but how can he interfere with ub 2 Does he know you're here ?' 'No; but he will,' rejoined Brent, 'as I tell him, there's no shaking him off. He'd find me If I was in the midst of the Australian bush. He always does, ex cept he's locked up.' 'Well, what does he want when he has found you ?' 'Money,' said the other; 'but that's not the worst of it. He'li want to know what I'm doing, and, worse still, to have a hand in it.' 'Oh, Lord,' eaid Joe, 'and then I suppose that he'll blow the gaff.' 'No, to do Cxeasey justice, he's not that Eort quite, but he is just as bad. Out of his own business he's the stupidest chap I know. Give him a centre- bib, a jemmy, a pair of goloshes, and a bos of eafety matches, and I believe he is clever, bnt for anything that requires head work and combination he is a hopeless dunder head. He has spoilt three or four of the beet things I ever planned, not that he has ' rounded' intentionally ; he has let tbe cat out of the bag from sheer stu pidity.' ' J5ut can t you give mm money and beg him to go away for the present V ' You don't know him,' aaid Brent, 'The obstinate old man claims to have a great liking for me. Go ! Not he. He'd settle down close to us, break into a house oncaa week just to keep his hand in, and finally 'crack' the Dragon some night, juEt to see what ' his dear boy,' as he calls me, Ib about.' 'Then what do you propose to do?' eaid Joe. 'I told you the other day I wished I'd E6ver gone with it. I ahonld have liked to back out of it even then ; but now that we are making money so fast I own I should like to risk it a little longer. '- 'What we must do is this,' replied Brent, 'as soon as Creasey makes his appearance — and appear he will, as sure as fate, though at present he neither knows my address or the name I'm going under— we must stop the concern, and I muBt make a clean bolt of it abroad.' ' Why abroad 2' enquired Joe Mercer. ' Simply because that's the only place where I've a chance of shaking off Oreaaey. Foreign towns confuse him, and moreover the foreign police are lynx- eyed. Creasey is never long on the Continent before he disappears into retirement ' ?*' And then ?' said Mercer. ' It'll be time to think what then when I've shaken off my incubus,' and with these words Brent suddenly vanished down the passage in the direction of the ballioom. Joe Mercer had most clearly ex pressed his feelings in bis conversation with Brent. He had been very loth to go into a business which he knew placed him within the trammels of the law. Hard bargains he had driven, and very close to the wind had he eailed again and again in his dealings ; some of his doings could by no means morally be condoned, although legally so man could, interfere with him. At first he bad sternly declined this affair as too risky, but Brent was a plausible man, and painted In glowing terms the enormous profits he had made by the same scheme two years before. 'It burst up suddenly,' concluded Brent, 'Vand we all had. to quit and travel at short notice, bub we made a pile of money at the game while blasted.' .., .' ':?,' This stow^ repeated Int6foti'(Biwfilf ears, added to the suggestion that the Old Dragon 4an traa the veijr place itor their j purpose, and on offer at a very low rant, i atlastlcduoed fiercer to embark on the , speculation— for once his greed for gold i got the better ol his habitual prudence, - And the landlord of the Dragon found himself the possessor of a thriving buul neas, but a business wbloa brooks no la vestlgatlon. - ' C&apier; IX.— Dicky's Eyes ake Opened, Although Mr. Ohlves had no taste for balls and picnics, and regarded lawn tennis with tolerant contempt, yet he was a most energetic man concerning all matters of : sport, and always running about the country to play cricket, to shoot, fiBh, or to perhaps ride a hprae at some local meeting. .Nothing came amiss to Dicky of this kind, and even rat catching met with favor in his eyes. These mani fold pursuits brought Chivy, as he was often called by his Intimates, In contact with a large and varied circle, and where ever he was quartered the number of gentlemen of all degrees who called at the barracks to see him was the cause of much chaff among his brother offieera. His servant was constantly pursuing him with ' Gentleman, please, to see you, . 8b-,' and whether the gentleman was In terested In rats or politics, whether he was a member for the borough or the hind lord of a sporting tavern, who had simply called hi to give Dicky ' the office ' that there would be parlor field sports at his little place, was generally an open question. Let him be stationed where he would, Mr. Chives and his brace of terriers, which their proprietor proudly boasted would face any living thing, were sure speedily to be well-known figures ia the town. Fuss and Fidget were a couple of broken-haired terriers, quite as restless as their master, and contributed not a little to bb notoriety. They apparently believed their sole mission on earth was the destruction of vermin, and that they were taken out walking for no other pur pose. A mistaken Idea on their part that killirg of cats was laudable had more ihan once got Mr. Chives Into hot water. What had brought that ubiquitous gentle man over to Exmouth this fine autumn day is of no moment, but seven o'clock eaw him Bitting down to what threatened to be a solitary dinner at the Beacon, when suddenly to his great,dellght a tall, florid, stalwart! man entered the 'coffee- room, and after greeting him warmly volunteered to join him In his meal. Doctor Nlcbolls was a man much of Dicky's own kidney, and they had met many times and in many places hi pursuit of their favorite pastimes. How Nicholls had acquired the sobriquet of 'The Doctor,' to which his position as a veterinary surgeon by no means entitled him, I don't know, but as such he was well known for many a mile round Ex mouth. ' The Doctor' was a busy man, but contrived to combine business with pleasure by dint of untiring energy. He was here, there, and everywhere, and there was little that went on either In the town or round it but came to his ears. Not that he was given to gossip — far from It. His talk was chiefly of dogs and horses, and such scandal as escaped his lips was chiefly equine. 'Well, Mr. Chives, how goes It?' he exclaimed as he took his seat opposite him. ' Having settled over the Leger it's getting time to lose more money In trying to pick the winners of the two big back end handicaps. Have you got a fancy ?' 'No. I spotted the winner of the Ccsarewitch five years ago, and lose a few pGunds every year in endeavoring to do it again.' ' We must try and do better for you this time. D'ye know Sam Mercer ?' ' No ; never heard of him. Who's he ?' enquired Chires. 'Never heard of him? Well, that's queer, too, considering Mr. Hallaton's a great pal of yours. However, no matter ; Sam's a great pal of mine, and is as clever a man as there is in the ring. He generally gives me a hint worth following towards the finish of the piece, and if he don't, why then* it's not good enough to touch. What's the. news at the barracks ; Fobs and Fidget been In mischief lately ? Any old woman's best mouser missing ?' 'No,' rejoined Chives, 'the 'quads' are all light ; the mischief's amongst the bipeds. Fred Hallaton's gone wrong.' ' Why, what's the matter ?' asked the doctor, with no little astonishment. ' He's going to be married,' replied Dicky, so solemnly that the last dread formula of a sentence to death might have been expected to follow. ' How ever, it's a good thing for him, I suppose. Miss Lydney will have a pot of money, I'm told.' ' Veiy likely,' rejoined the Doctor ; 'but that won't matter to Mr. Hallaton.' 'Oh, wont it? — rather. Y03 don't suppose a subaltern of horse artillery Is a millionaire, do you ?' 'No; but your chum's not going to marry Mies Lydney — at least I'll lay liberal odds against it.' 'Why, everyone's talking of it, 'I'm told,' eaid Chives. ' It's as good as given out. The banns are out, so to speak.' ' Tes, I know all about that : but what about the other? Why, Mr. Hallaton's always out at the Dragon. Her brother's a great pal of mine ; bat I've no liking for Sarah Mercer, and the man who takes her for better or woree may make up his mind to do with the latter.' 'What the deuce are you talking about, and who on earth are these Mer cers 2' enquired Chives. ' Why, you saw that handsome girl Hallatcn was walking about with when you played at Exmouth — that was Sarah Mercer ; her father keeps the old Dragon Inn just outside the town.' ' And you think Fred's after her,' said Chives, much surprised at this double complication. ' Don't know what he goes out to that tumble-down place for if he isn't,' re plied the doctor, 'but he'd better be careful : he's playing with a tiger cat -when he's fooling with Sarah Mercat.' Kr. Chives had much respect for the doctor's opinion. A man of his know ledge concerning horses and dogs he thought must be an equally good jadge of womankind, and he came rapidly to the conclusion that Fred Hallaton was In a fair way to make an egregrlous ass of himself. This young misogynist, how ever, knew his hot- headed chum too well to think that he could do any good by Interfering. ' If Dallaton must marry,' he re marked at length, 'I Buppose Miss Ljdney would be a good match for him, though why a fellow can't let well alone I can't think.' ' Tes, I fchould think so,' observed the doctor, ' and if you mean would it be better than running away with Sarah Mercer — infinitely. Lydney was born to, and has always held, a htgh position In the place, and. judging by appearances, Is well eff.' 'And no near relations bar his daughter to leave his money to,' re marked Chives, suddenly developing mer cenary propensities. ' About having no near kith and kin, I wouldn't be so sure,' rejoined the doctor. ' Ljdrey undoubtedly . had a younger brother who disappeared abruptly from Exmouth under a cloud. I don't know exactly what It was, for I was only a boy at the time. He has never been seen or heard of in the place since. Bat then, again, he has never been said to have died. If anything happened to the banker. I shouldn't be surprised to see him tarn up again.' ' Ah ! and you think he might share In Miss Lydney 'a inheritance 3' ' Oh, I'm sure I don't enow,' replied the doctor, laughing, 'buthangit, that's enough of this. If we are to go in for specnlatloD, let'e talk over the weights of the Oe8arewitcLJ' - ' - '?.'?? -~ -- £ 'It's getting time I was on,' Mid Chives, *b he took :.« cigar -frp«»i|ife; jciao ? and tone fewn the table. -. * '?'-?-? '^;^ -'?-??- V *'kh, golngback to Ereber^I?«nppoBB. I'U walk down to the station with you. I want to persuade yon to come^tKme to Newmarket next week.'- .??*;:'-'. ' If X can get «way,' replied Ohlves, ' I don't mind If J do. You are going for the whole week, I suppose 1' ~5 **N6, busliieBB won't allow of that. We'll urn up from here on the Monday, have Tuesday and Wednesday ; at New-, -market, and be back here again on the Thursday.' ' Write It down, old man,' said Chives. 'If the chief 'II let me I'm on,' and with that he disappeared into the train. ?? . ' ? ' 'A good sort ' tint,' -tntued the doctor, as he walked slowly away* ' I'm glad I told him what I did at dinner. If ever a young man wanted a word ia sea son,: it's Ballaton just now.- I don't know whether he's a man who'll bear talking to, but I should think if anyone could warn him that he Is In a fair way to make a fool of himself Its Chives. They're great allies, and Chives Is a little the elder of the two. However, I've done all I can, and its no particular bafclneas of mine after all,' and with thia bhe doctor dismissed the subject from his mind and betook hitnBeif to his own abode; The object of all this solitude raa, how over, not one -which disturbed .about Ma doings or their results. He had spent the sf ternoon with great satisfaction to himself at the Dragon, where he had pursued his flirtation with the fair Sarah more hotly than ever. He had dined at mesa, and was now playing a rubber with apparently no care on his mind save the winning of the edd ti'ck, and yet for all tb.it he had found two or three disagreeable letters upon his table on hla return from Ex mouth. One from his banker's calling attention to the fact that his account was considerably overdrawn ; he had not bsen racing since Goodwood, bufc it Ia by no means necessary to attend races in order to bet upon them, and the ill-lack Fred had experienced at Goodwood had stack to him ever since'.' He had struck one of those veins of ill-luck familiar to all who gamble, he could do nothing right. Even when it really did look as if fortune was within his grasp his fancy at the eleventh hour succumbed to the exigencies of train ing. On two occasions also did he en counter that bitterest of mlsfortanes known to the backer of horaes, his selec tions won bat were disqualified, the one for foul riding. In the other case for the omission of penalty. Then there was a jeweller's bill which also astonished him not a little, as bills of that nature are wont to do. He was not given to jewellery himself, but Miss Mercer had developed, a very pretty taste that way, and Fred was one of those careless young men who scarcely note the coBt of a bangle or such like knick-knacks. ' Well,1' he said to him self aB he dressed for mess, 'I sappsse lack will tarn some day. However, at present there's nothing for It bat to have another dig into capital. I must sell some more of those railway shares. I can bay In again at a slight difference no doubt when 1 make a coup.' Alas, that coop so seldom comes ; bat if it does we very rarely bay In again. Fred Hallaton played a pretty good rubber at whist ; he had a liking for cards, and had assiduously cultivated all games thereat In which skill tells. Bat though a fair performer he had one fatal weakness — he never adhered steadfastly to the same points. The consequence was, after a very successful ran at uhe conventional garrison points he would probably ex perience just the reverse when playing at his London club for very much higher stakes. To night he was holding great cards, and had just triumphantly called, *' Three by cardsandtwoby honors. Out — treble, double, and the rub,' as Chives entered tbe room. ' Halloa, Dick !' he exclaimed ; ' what wickedness have you been up tolall day ?' ' I've been over to Exmouth,' replied Chives. 'Never you mind wfifci about Perhaps I was baying a horse ; perhaps I was try big a dog ; and then again, per haps 1 wasn't.' ' And perhaps you don't want to tell, and perhaps we don't want to know,' re torted Hallaton laughing. 'Still, if I was so downright ashamed of myself I'd fudge up some excuse to cover my mis deeds.' 'Ah,' replied Chives, 'my wlcked nees hasn't been very great. I shouldn't wonder if It brings its own punishment all the same. I dined at the Beacon with Dr, Nicholis, and I've agreed to go with him to Newmarket if I can get away. I suppose, Thornton, 'he continued, turning to the adjutant, 'there won't be any trouble about that for four days ?' ' I should think not. We'll see about II to-morrow.' ' Going to Newmarket, are you?' said Hallaton. 'I've a great mind to come too.' 'You'd better put that Idea on one side,' paid Thornton. ' I'm sure the chief won't let you both go.' ' Rather a bore that,' returned Halia ton, 'And Dicky has got decidedly first call. I say, Chivvy, when you go over to your quarters I'll go with you.' »' All right,' replied the other, 'I'm going there now,' and the pab left the room together. *' Now,' said Hallaton, 'as I can't go to Newmarket, I shall want you to do something for me. I've been having an awful bad time lately. It set in a hail storm at Goodwood, and it has been blowing great guns ever Bince. I can'ti turn a trick, and I'm a terrible lot out in the last three months.' 'Give it up, man,' replied Chives, ' it Is do uee persistently following your bad luck.' *' You're quite right, but I've a chance now, Dicky, to get a bib back, I think. I got a line to-night from the cleverest tout I know, and he tells me that Sagar Cane will about win the Cesarewitch ' ' Of course I'll back her for you,' said Chives, ' but answer me one question. Why don't you back her yourself V'_ 'For the best of all possible reasons I'm warned not to do so till the day. This man tells me that the mare belongs to a very queer party, and if they; can't get their own money on satisfactorily she'll not run at all. fler performances are not very great, but ne tells me I needn't taks any notice of that She Is a very mach better mare than ehe is credited with being and has got wonderf ally well In.' 'Well,' said Chives,- who' had beea turning over the pages of a turf guide, 'her performances are not very gaudy, certainly.' ; ' No ; but for all that the public have been nibbling at her at 40 to 1. If her number goes up put me a hundred on her.' ' I say, that's a lot of money to knock i down. Don't you think a pony will do 1' 'Not a bit of ase,' replied the other, ' If I don't land a good stake.' - ' I must sell out shares of some kind, and another hundred won't' make any difference while I'm about it.' ' All right, old man, I'll do it, thoagh I won't promise to follow your tip, nor I am afraid will you take warning *by mine. Now, Fred, 1 heard all about yonr visits to the Old Dragon Inn to- day .: Don't be angry with me, and don't ask who my In formant is, but this Is what I was told. You'd better play with a tiger cat thin make love to Miss Mercer.' : ' Nicholls, for I suppose he was your Informant, was d ? d Impertinent to comment on my actions. It was like his confounded Impudence to pry into my private affairs,' said Hallaton hotly, . ' That'll do ; no need to flare up,' re joined Chlvis. 'IVja said my say, and you'll hear never another word from me .about Miss Mercer, Now, let's talk racing.' ;:~ (To be continued.) Nothing ever causes a .yonse^iAi greater surprise than to find* ont ♦is^8omeoaa has faUenihiove with bis sj^gt; ^. . ~ 