IPT OF EDEN. 9 'ill r;: (MY DORA RUSSELL.) CHAPTER XXXV. r,; , ?: AN INVITATION. ''Christmas came and went, and then the rl heavily-laden old y«ar died out, and the new /untried one dawned. At Weirmere Hall these days were spent as most of us spend them. They must bring solemn thoughts to t all but the most thoughtless, Another year f 'of our allotted space gone, and what have we done with it ? Ill, or good ? — we may bo sure one or the other weighs heaviest in the .balance. r To the Blunts at Weirmere the past year bad;brought great changes. The old mistress had . passed away ; her erect familiar form : but a memory ; and then the strangest thing of all— the dishonored dead recalled from her forgotten city grave to have her pale ghost crowned with' honor. The late Sir Henry's first wife, the once beautiful Mary Fletcher, ?was now recognised as Lady Blunt, the mother of the present owner of the estates, Sir Robert Blunt, and the well-born scattered around .Weirmere had begun to consider the propriety of receiving the now man (Sir Robert) into their stately circles. ' Perhaps ton miles distant from Weirmere lives the greatest magnate of the country, i Lord Moreland. He had married a duke's daughter, a plain but pleasant woman, and in wealth, birth, and position he held the highest place. When, therefore, Lord Moreland's j coronetted carriage was one day, iust about Christmas time, seen leaving the gates of ?Weirmere with the ladies inside, it was felt by .the neighbors, who had long known .Robert, that he had indeed risen above them in the social scale, and that the pleasant days of their intimacy were probably very nearly at a close. We, are commanded not to 'mind men of high estate;' yet no command by people of virtue ' is so entirely disregarded. The Bo hemians (literally speaking) are supposed to look with proud disdain at the ermined head gear, but behold, when Lord So-and-so stretches out his hand, does the veriest Bohemian amongst us refuse to take it, or decline to sit at the. lordly table 1 Do we. not rather men tion mildly in. conversation that we dined fWithLord So-and-so on such a day, and had a very good dinner, though perhaps in reality it was only an indiSerent one 1 We laugh at ourselves, but we do it, and we also tell ourselves with some truth that the high-born and well-bred are very pleasant company, and that their knowledge flows glibly from their polished tongues, and that they hare not a certain trying way of remind ing us of our little shortcomings (monetary or otherwise) which is not uncommon among our humbler people. Be this as it may, this visit of Lady More land and her daughter to Mary and Robert 'Blunt- at 'Weirmere created quite a sensation -among their old neighbors. Mr. Thirlwel) was walking along the road with a plaister in his coat-pocket, and a box of pills or two, and his heart full of warm and tender aspirations. He paused, he gazed at Weirmere Hall, where ' dwelt the lady of his love j' but, as he gazed, down the steep green hill in front rolled the well-appointed carriage from Wen man Castle, Lord Moreland's place, — for Mr. Thirlwell knew it well, being in the habit of occasionally attending the servants. He oponed his eyes wide, and then ho felt a sud den coldnoss creep over him ; ' a dampness,' he afterwards declared. He was so overcome by the sight that he sat down on a gate near balancing himself with some difficulty, and apostrtphised his cruel fortune. ' She is passing away from me,' he said j 1', the. chariot wheels of yon bloated aristocrats tell me so — this lovely woman j and I hear that Robert has settled fifteen thousand pounds -jipon her, and .she might have been mine b'ut for fate ! ! What is fate 1 A whirli gig, 'for it turns us all round.' Mr. Thirlwell's patients were waiting for their plasters and their pills ; the world had to go on, Mr. Thirlwell felt, though his heart might be seared or broken. He was damp, he was chill ; he felt a drop of whisky would revive him, and so bis heavy footsteps strayed in the direction of the ' Welcome Rose,' where 8o Wten*^f6re he had slaked his thirst. '' -His-old friend, the comely nymph at the barj 'received him with pleasure, though with aiertain reserve of manner, as Mr. Thirlwell had been quite a stranger of late. ' Oh, you are alive 1 ' she said. ' 'Iain, my dear ; but dissolution is immi nent unless you give me a drop of drink,' he answered. ' Give me of your best,' he added, 'J6r;I feel,' and. he struck his waistcoat in front, 'as if everything was too much for me.' \- As he sipped his whisky he felt a little better j after al, what was there in earls and countesses but men and women? They had their, aches and pains too, Mr. Thirlwell thought, with grim satisfaction. Mary might be above their venal attentions ; he had loved her when she was poor and unknown ; perhaps ahe might love him now if he spoke up like a man, though her circumstances had so greatly ohanged. By the time he had finished his whisky, he determined to speak up like u man. But tho whisky that had given him courhge had also loosened his tongue. '.Our friends at tho Hall,' he said to tho barmaid, ' have had some swells visiting them to-day. I met the Wenman carriage leaving tlio grounds, and tho countess was inside. Such is life 1' he continued, theatrically ; ' tho truth in irasquorade, as Don Juan has it. You don't know who Juan was, my dear? Well, lie was a naughty young man, who would have come and drunk whisky, I am sure, from your fair hands, if he had lived in these parts, and ho called ' a lie the truth in masquerade,' and what is lifo but a cheat and a lie ' ' Dear me, doctor, you aro thnt bitter !' said the barmaid, with a laugh. ' Am I ?' said Mr. Thirlwell, not dis pleased. ' 'Tis life lias mado mo so, then— I am thinking of .Wenman carriage.' For years Robert Fletcher and his sister lived hero; did the Wenman carriage ever roll its stately proportions to their doors bofore? No, niy dear, it rolls not to see them, but tho possessors of the property ; it would have rolled to see poor Harry and Flo Chester if they had boen in possession — they are not, so tlioy hear not the sound of the chariot 1'' ' Why, you are quite poetical, doctor 1' ' I have a vein,' said Chirlwell, ' it runs in ine, and sometimes, as on this occasion, my dear, it breaks forth. But, as a rule, I'm prose; pills aie prose, plaisters are proso ; and that reminds me that my patients aro waiting, and so I must be off — but do not forget tne, I wiil return.' The pretty barmaid neither forgot the doc tor nor his news. She told all her customers, one after the other, that the Countess of Moreland had been to call on Miss Blunt, ' Miss Fletcher that was, you know,'' she said, and all her customers went home and told their families. Mr. Thirl well also went home and told Mrs. Humphrey and Miss Tomkins, and Mrs. Humphrey and Miss Tomkins turned absolutely pale. 'It's like a dream,' said gentlo sister Ann. ' It takes away my breath,' said Mrs. Humphrey ; ' well may people say that money is everything — for years I have been here — our father was a post-captain in the Royal Navy, and mother was a Landsdowne.'' ' Connected with the Landsdownes, dear'' gently corrected sister Ann. ' Connected with the Landsdownes, '' con tinued Mrs. Humphrey, injured by her sister's interruption ; ' but L^dy Moreland has never called on mo. I have felt it ; I own I have felt it, and now to hear this.' ' Well, dear, it's very well wo called,' said sifter Ann, ' since evidently all the great people are going to take her up ; and, indeed, she's a sweet young woman, and her face is as fresh as a flower.'' While all of their neighbors were thus talk 'ng of them, Robert and Mary lived on happily unconscious of the gossip. Robert had returned from town, looking anything but improved by his visit. He was graver, and Mary had never seen him look so silent and reserved. ' And how is Florence?' she asked. ' She seemed very well,' he answered, and that was a'l ; but Mary noticed that his first question was after the welfare of the poor little maimed dog Florence had confided to his care. Mary was naturally delighted ith the beautiful gifts he had brought her. ? ' You extravagant boy !' she said, ' fancy me in such fine things.' Robert laughed good-naturedly, but it was not the old, hearty laugh Mary had loved to hear. Yet, as Christmas day approached, he proposed that they should invite Arthur Humphrey, his mother, and aunt to dine with them. ' It's top soon after Lady Blunt's doath to have any party,' he said, ' but it would be dreary just us two dining alone together on Christmas Day, so will you go up, Molly, and ask the.doctor and' his people?' ' The much-talked of visit of Lady More land happened two days before Mary went up to Landsdowne Lodge to invite their proposed guests, and had the old ladies been invited to heaven they could not have received the invitation and accepted it with greater satis, faction. ' It's so good of you,'' twittered sister Ann, thinking anxiously of her dress ; ' so you had some great people visiting you the other day, we hear — Lady Moreland ?'' ' Lord Moreland has known my brother slightly for somo time in business,' answered Mary calmly. ' I suppose that is the reason she called.' ' It is very gratifying,' said Mrs. Humph roy, still feeling very sore that she had not been gratified after the same fashion. Mury only smiled ; she knew very well that the old ladies thought a great deal more of her because Lady Moreland had called upon her, and she was not sorry that Arthur Humph rey's mother and aunt should think well of her. But Mary was too proud herself to care to be taken up by a great lady. ( 2*o Zie Continued.) 