I Iii, ill LI) Hi ¡iii ill THURSDAY, AUGUST 29, 1889. THE FREETBADE CONFERENCE. There needs no ghost from the grave to tell oh that a general election ia among the events o£ the immediate future. The probability is that, when it comes, the freetrade party will be found decently organised. It was not by any meanB well organised on the occasion of the last content. Hence many seats went to the enemy that might have been saved. We might have a freetrade Government in power as well as in office. There might have been no necessity m one year to take a verdict of the people twice. However, the necessity exists. It is unfortunate, considering the state of public business, that the electora did not do their own peculiar political work effec- tually at the beginning of the year. Yet regrets are useless ; the renewed appeal munt be made. We of the freetrade party naturally hope for a majority which may be beyond cavil, strong enough to enable the present Administration to govern, and so conspicuous that opponents will be shamed into respect for the decision of the electors, even if they are also urged to more * strenuous efforts at education in their own ipecial and admirable manner. The confer- ence of delegates proceeding this week ia in- tended to produce such a majority, if it be possible to do so. Should the organisation fail, and the result of the eleotion be a pro- tectionist majority, we trust freetraders will honour themselves by giving loyal recogni- tion to the will of the people. And should the outcome of the appeal be no improvement on the present condition of things, there will be nothing for it, we imagine, but a temporary hanging up of the fiscal controversy, and a combination of both parties in the execution of non-party legislation. If the country will not conati tute a working majority for either party, it must lose the advantages for the time of party government. However, these are con «¡derations for the future. Freetraders are working not for a coalition but for a govern- ing majority, and on Monday last, to use the phrase of the Colonial Treasurer, fired the first shot for the coming general election. That shot was discharged at a large public gathering presided over by Dr. Garran, DÍ.L 0. tHis inaugural address, though cover- ing much ground, is a vigorous and concise utterance. The veteran jonrnalist made a , successful effort to thrust away the cobweb of sophistry with which opponents obscure the question. Freetraders rear aloft the banner of liberty, for which in times past men have fought and toiled and bled and died. They cannot understand why men should be free to do ev«rything but trade where and with whom they will. They deny that restriction can be good for a nation;; and ask how it can be good for a nation and bad for the individual. The motto of Aue tralians was "Australians shall be free" " we have got," -said Dr. Garran, " the right word, we have got the right thing, we have got the right policy, we have got the right inspiration." And then he went on to show how protection was advocated, either as an easy means of raising revenue without consi- deration of results or-effects ; or for what was called the creation of wealth ; or from inter- colonial jealousy. And he made a good point by referring to the debate in the Victorian As- sembly raised by Mr. M'Lean. In connection with that controversy, we have been amused to notice how carefully our protectionist friends have let it severely alone. It is notorious,-and the debate only adds to the catoriety-that the Victorian farmer's ex- perience has absolutely and thoroughly dis- proved the theory that protection is good for | the whole community. Figures may be made to tell anything, but they cannot alter : acts. The ¡Tietorian country party is banded to- gether to obtain justice from the State for the farmer, who has been obliged to support the protected manufacturing interest. So strong is tfce feeling, that threats have been uttered that if the farmers do not get the increased stock tax, they will work for freetrade. The danger has been recognised ; it has been admitted in the debate that the' settled policy of the country may after all not be settled. Said the speaker-" We shall I have the freetrade and protection battle to fight over again." The farmers' party will not triumph on the prsaect occasion, partly | because there haB been a bolt of supporters of an increased stock tax, who are also sup- porters of the Government. The motion has been turned into a party one ; the town pro- tectionists hoped, by turning out the coalitien Government and getting an out-and-out protectionist Administration to secure higher duties, and would have used the farmers' agitation for their own ends. Dr. Garran emphasised the class character of protection by nse of this Victorian illustration. And he made his argument «till more telling by showing how impossible it will be in New South Wales to give protection to the majority of the people. They are engaged in producing for outside markets, and if manufacturing industry is protected, all other industry must find the money, must be taxed for the interest of the manufacturer. The Victorian farmer's experience tells again in this connection. He was not unprotected ; there was an effort made to include him in the benefits of the tariff. Presently, as to wheat, for example, protection did its perfect work. It stimulated production till the local market was filled, and could take no more. The shaft was spent ; protection would not help the farmer who grew more wheat than he could sell ia Victoria. Then, as our readers know, he cried for more State pap. He wanted a bounty on the wheat exported-a perfectly reasonable cry, in his circumstances. It carnot be too often re- peated that obviously in the nature of things, and by operation of an unalterable law, pro- tection muBt impoBe a tax upon all for the benefit of a class, cannot be distributed so that its benefits shall be equitably shared among the whole community, and must be by its /apparent success neutralise its own virtue. Any appeal on behalf of the working man catches the popular ear, and hence < the prompt assent of the unthinking to protectionist fallacies. It requires the clear, logical presentation of freetrade truths to correct popular error, of which prejudice helps the spread. We shall not follow Dr. Garran into his exposure of the unneighbourliness of the protectionist theory, or of the obstacle presented by protection to adoption of the policy of intercolonial federation. At the same meeting, Mr. Pulsford read a paper shewing "What we have to fight," and its delivery was punctuated and finally suspended by interruptions from a knot of noisy pro- tectionists, who, in this manner, Bilenced the freetrader. It is rather remarkable that over and over again this has happened-that free trade speakers have been howled down. That method of controversy is of one thing namely, convincing that protectionists fear the utterance of truth. 