INTERCOLONIAL. A little child named Henderson, at Hokitika, while playing with other children, lit a fire. The flame caught its dress, and the little victim was so greatly burned that it died. Au alligator measuring 14 feet long and about 7 feet in girth was recently killed in the Normuu River, close to Nurimuiton. Several attempts liad been made by a fisherman to catch the sauriau alive by means of a chain aiul hook, but these wore uiHucceanful. At last the bait was poisoned with strychnine a few days afterwards the monster was found floatiug dead on the water. Some little thno ago the natives predicted a heavy flood in Perth thh winter. They say. the reason it may be expected almost immediately is that the ants and other tiny creeping things are leaving their nests aiul seeking the highest branches of big trees, an event which, according to the natives, always very shortly precedes a flood, and did precede that which happened hero some 16 or 17 years ago. Tho "original barber "of Milton, a township inOtugo, died tho other day at Duucdiii. lie landed in the placo without a cent, but by dint of perseverance, and au attention to economy which might be called parsimony, did so well that he made quite a pile. A short time ago lie offered to denote £1000 to the Dunediu Hospi tal if tho trusteed would allow him ou annuity of £200 until his death, but the offer was de clined. ..." The British Vice- Consul at Samoa is writing to Auckland, saying the offers of food previously made would now bo very acceptable. Tho mayor telegraphed Bomo time ngo to the various mayors in the south on the matter, and in the event of its being necessary to start a Samoan relief fund everything is already iu train. The replies from the south were to the effect that so soon as the necessity arose the citizens ot the various municipalities were ready to do their jiarfc. On the 13th, 14th and 15th of June the highest tides that have been known for years occurred in Moreton Bay, on the 13th inst. especially. On the evening of that day the tide was so high that on tho Lower Esplanade, where the Sandgate municipal council have had to erect a sea wall to stop the encroachment of the sea, it rose in some places over the wall, and where the wall was & little higher it broke, and there being a strong north-east wind at the time, the spray rose to a height of fuliy 10 feet, looking very beautiful in the moonlight. After about 14 days' heavy rain there was a tornado at Sheffield, Tasmania. Between Mount Claude and Mount Sheflicld, for about a mile wide, nearly every tree was blown down, 'and the same at Harrington and Sunnyside. Hundreds of the huge mouarclis of the forest were blown down. The Mount Claude road will cost about £250 to clear. Mr. Harris, at Promised Land, had three head of cattle killed uuder one tree ; Mr. Cox had one beast killed, Mr. MTnnes another, and several others have had losses. The storm lasted about 36 hours. The time table for the new train service between Perth and Albany provides for the lay- iug up the trains for a night's rest on the journey between the capital and its southern port. Even the old " leu and yellow" travelled through night aud day, without stoppage to do more than change horses or to bait. The con tinuance of such an absurdity as a 12 ho irs halt for sleep in the overland trip now that steam has succeeded horses will, in the opinion of the local press, brand AArestern Australians as the unprogressive, old-world j>cople for which they arc occasionally taken by travellers of superficial observation. About three weeks ago, Constable Lamb cap tured a deserter from H.M.S. Dart, named God- den, on the gumfields, and brought him to Auck land, where he was handed over to the officers of the ship. Early tlic other morning, Godden, in some way or other, escaped from the ship and got away in the whaleboat, which was found missing in the morning. In tho forenoon, tho Dart went up and down the harbor once, to 6cau the bays for the missing boat and fugitive. Subsequently some parties found the boat near the Breakwater, and returned it to the ship. No trace has yet been found of Godden. The prospectus of tho Nortli Queensland Meat Preserving Company, with a capital of £12,500, in 125 shares of £100 each, has been issued. The company propose to profitably utilise the surplus fat stock of North Queensland by preserving and otherwise preparing the meat and its asso ciated products for export. The promoters offer the plant and estate of the North Queens land Boiling Down Company at Alligator Creek, at the cost to them — namely, half the original cost. The provisional directorate is very strong and includes the names of prominent squatters in North Quscnslaud and capitalists in Towns- vine. The sole pioneer settlers at the Kermadec Group are Sir. Bell and his family. The stal wart daughters have aided tlicir father in bring ing into cultivation some 20 acres of land, and in the mutton bird season, tiiey are accustomed to carry 150 lb. weights of birds to the home stead, over a range 1000 feet high. Evidently the industrious habits of the settler's daughters have not escaped notice in other quarters, for several young men, and two or three who are no longer entitled to be called young, unless may be in spirit, have made up their minds to go to the Kermadec Group, there to try small farm ing. They intend to charter a steamer to take the party out about August next. Mr. R. F. Luks has received from the Ger man Consulate at Samoa a letter written by Dr. Machenhauor, assistant surgeon of the ill fated gunboat Eber. The letter is dated 14th March, two days before this vessel was wrecked by the hurricane at Samoa and lost with nearly all hands. Dr. Machenhauor expresses in most affectiouate ter ' s the gratitude of the officers on board of the Eber and his own for the kind treatment received during their stay in Auck land, and the hopo that tho. vessel may bo ordered to Auckland for repairs instead of t-0 Sydney. This document was recovered, with other letters and treasures, from the wreck after having been immersed for over two months. It is fairly preserved for all this, and quite readable. AVhile Mrs. Ryan, wife of Dr. J. P. Ryan, of Gympie, was with a couple of lady friends, Mrs. Steele and Miss Patterson, driving past the railway station, the horse drawing the buggy took fright at a passing train and bolted. This occurred just as the party, after driving around the Horseshoe Bend, were opposite the goods shed at the railway station, and notwithstand ing Lire. Ryan's efforts to make him go up towards Ladv Mnry-terraco, the horse dashed sharply round the corner leading to Croscont- road and capsized the buggy. The threo ladies were thrown out with gieat force and were all injured. Mrs. Kyan sustained a dislocation of the shoulder, while Miss Patterson was bruised aud cut about the head and face, and Mrs. Steele was also much bruised. Boforc bringing a prisoner under the provisions of the Offenders Probation Act, Judge Paul, of Queensland, made some remarks concerning that statute. He said that it was a mistake to Bay that a man was released when out under the net, for he was merely doing his sentence out of gnol instead of inside. Ho was under police surveil lance and had to report himself regularly, and should lie commit any offence, or even misbe have himself, ho would go to gaol aud serve his original sentence. It did not matter whether a man was 20 or 50 yours of ago; indeed, he thought that if a man had lived an honest life for 50 years he was a very fit person to benefit by the act. The object of tho act was to mako a man serve his sentence without coming in con tact with hardened criminals, aud thus avoid the risk of contamination. A splendid haul of sclmapper has been made at (.'aioundra, Moreton Bay. The steamer Alice, engaged privately, reached the fishing ground in good time. At the first glimpse of dawn lines were overboard and fair fishing indulged in for about three hours, when the company resolved to try a little deep sea fishing, and steamed some considerable distance out into deeper water. By so doing they dropped into a regular school of fish, and hauled in pairs and quartettes in rare style, one fisherman getting two fours and then three, all in quick succession. The party did not, however, sec the fun through, as the vessel had to bo back to town by a certain hour, and with regret they loft tho ground. The total haul was 457 among 17 lines, the biggest catches being one for 50 and two mates 102 between then. The sea was delightfully calm, and the whole outing thoroughly enjoyable. At A 30 ono cool morning in BrLbr.no re cently Constable Michael M'Gann, who was doing duty in Wlckham-strcct, shivering in his big overcoat, snddouly observed calmly strolling towards him a gontlcman as inno cent of clothing as on the moment of his birth. The oaaaod policeman, after assuring himself that tho figure was not a ghost, vcntiucd to inquire the reason why Mr. Michael Roachc — for that, it turned out, was the name of tho individual — did not follow the dictates of custom and convenience and appear in ordinary attire, instead of being, as ho was, not even clothed in a blush. Michael thought it beneath his diguity to auswer such impertinent questions, and matters had reached a deadlock when John (brother to Michael) came up. Explanations ensued. Michael, it turned out, was out of his mind, and so ho was promptly conveyed to the Reception House, where he remains. Bishop Stanton, who was accorded a public welcome at. Townsville on the 12th June and presented with an address, said, in the course of his speech in reply : — "You were aware when I went home that I wished secure new clergy for North Queensland. It so happened that I could not have gone homo at a worse time for that purpose. There were 145 bishops present at the Lambeth conference, 80 of whom were from various parts of the world, and all looking for fresh clergy. Like a customer entering a shop when trade is dull, he is seized by the shoulder and urged to buy by the pressing atten dants ; so with tho clergy — no sooner did one man express his willingness to visit the colonics than he was pounced upon by bishops from Canada and Cape Colony. These being much cooler climates the representative of North Queensland stood at a disadvantage in the matter. The Bishop of Brisbane was one of the first to reach England, and he quickly threw his net across the stream. A letter has been received in Normanton from a miner on the island of St. Aignan's. The miner said lio was glad he left his stores behind him at Cooktown. He had three flying visits through the diggings, and it is the poorest place he was over in. The worst feature of the whole was that it rained every day, and everything he had was mildewed. He intended to try his luck for a week or two, and if nothing turned up he should givo up gold diggings for ever. A cutter was ready to proceed to liousscl's Island, and 15 men were going there. He expected they would have a great many hardships. A party left for Normanby Island on the 22nd May. The natives on that island aro very hostile. Eight men were murdered the other day, aud he did not know how the prospecting party of five would get on amongst them. It was better for a man to earn 10s. a week and his tucker in Queensland than go there to try and make a little money. Not one out of 150 made his expenses. 