Reminiscences of an IfliMigrani's Yoyage to N.S.W. in '82 [WRITTEN FOB THE " EXAMINER." J JUNE, 19th.-"The bell will ring at 7 a.m. to- morrow, boys, so good night, and mind yon are ont at once, oryou'll come out by the board," says John, on leaving us last night Having, however, been confidentially informed by one of the previous arrivals that " if you want a wash before midday yon. must get up long before i 7 o'clock," I aroused myself in company with a few 1 others who had also heard the same statement, and slipping on some, and carrying the other parts of our attire, we slipped noiselessly down to the lavatory, where, although it was only about 5 a.m., there were two or three equally cute fellow prisoners-ah ! I mean fellow-depot residents hard at it with the soap and water ; and so, finding there were only about a dozen wash basins for the use of nearly 320 single men, we (tbe "early birds") set to work also to clean up and get ready "to lounge about and do nothing for the next three days, and thereby fit ourselves for the performance of the same class of (non) labour during the next three or more months. Before, however, we had hardly finished, down came-I was going to say 11 the house-about 300 young aud middle-aged fellows, clattering down the stone Bteps or stairs with, in many instances, wooden shoes ; heavy clout-nailed, clod-hopping boots, however, greatly predominat- ing, causing such a din and pouring down with a " devil take the hindmost " recklessness, eager for a wash. And of all the washes ever witnessed by me. those at the depot completely " bate Bannagher," and everybody knows who Bannagher beat. I am not exaggerating when I say that nine, and in some cases over a dozen, were washing ont of each basin. Now the reader will ask how the deuce did they perform such a feat as that 7 Why, simply by dip- ping one half of the towel each ,was provided with in the water, giving a rub of soap thereto, washing round their faces therewith and wiping off with the dry half of the towel. When " breakfast " was called it was a treat to see what clean faces the greater part had, but their necks-well, if they had but sown a little mustard and cress round them they would have had a fine crop of salad, I'm positive. Although there were some, and not a few, who had evidently seen better days and were going to try a fresh start in a fresh line of business and in a fresh country, they were among the early birdB, and were dressed in theil clean white collars and cuffs, but very shabby genteel clothes, the coats of dingy hue and shiny nether garments at the back proving them to bc those over- abundant class "clerks" and "quill drivers"; a few of whom were decorated with "a bonny bit o' blue," as temperance advocates term their sign manual. Whether, however, this was ai infallible sign that the wearer was "sworn off," oi not, I will not presume to give an opinion, but 1 must candidly confess that I have often seen blu( ribbon bedecked individuals under the influence ol the "rosy god." Ah, well, let everybody please themselves, say I, although when I was a tee totaller (and I was one from 18G9 till 1884) ] always had a greater desire to " touch, taste, an< handle" than I have now, for the reason that thei it waa forbidden fruit and therefore coveted ; nov I stand in an optional light in connection there with, and consequently do not crave for what i easily obtainable. But this is digressing. After breakfast old John had some more news t communicate, and mounted his usual pulpit to pro claim it. Remembering yesterday's resnlt of roar ing " silence," he did not shout, but held np hi hand. Silence being more easily obtained by thes means, he proceeded with solemn visage (if it wa possible for such a rugged old physog to look solemn to announce " BoyB, there is going to be a 'earvici held here to-night by the Church of England ' pat son.'" Accordingly at 7.30 p.m. that day John agai "addressed the meeting," asking all who had n desire of hearing "sarvice" to be good enough t leave the general room and patrol the courcyar for an hour, as all the space would be required fe those who would like to hear it. Whereupon great many of the IriBh people left the room, br some stayed out of curiosity, while a few of th rougher part of the English section joined ti "court-yardere" till singing commenced, when evei "man jack" of them trooped in and were singin at the top of their voices soon after. First can: the clergyman, who, before commencing servie (which was more of a prayer meeting, the chore hymns and prayer book not being used, but a leafi of songs only), stated that for a great many yea he had been in the habit of holding farewell se vices for the benefit of those leaving for par unknown, and that it was an entirely unsectaria address and would in no way interfere with i offend the followers of any kind of service or cree whatsoever. Then, in an old simple tune, was sur the first hymn on the leaflet : and we all were soc heartily singing, and lightening our rather heai hearts thereby, the following lines O Jesu, Saviour, when we part Obedient to thy will. From friends and home with sinking heart, Do thoa be near us still. Go with us, Lord, our vessel guide Across the pathless sea, And grant, O Lord, whate'er betide, We never part from Thee. If clothed and fed and sheltered there We rich abundance find, Oh let us not withhold a share From those we leave behind. And grant, whene'er our voyage cease, Where'er our home we raise, That home may be a home of peace A home of prayer and praise. A very simple hymn, but so strikingly appropris to our case were the words, that it was not at i surprising,!*) find a great many folks-partícula] the married women and bigger children, who, ha ing been bothered for the past two days wi squaling youngsters, got- a bit despondent-let i steam a little by having a first-rate cry. I never regretted coming out here, but if 1 h known what it was to emigrate and the troub! contingent thereto, I would have stayed at home And now came a short prayer, then a few woi of address, and I have never forgotten it alth&u; it is just over seven yeaîs ago I heard it. He sa among other things, that " faith was a good thi and so was prayer." He said that the same serv he was holding that evening, aud the same .ww almost, had been used for-I think he said the li 25 years. He was aboard an emigrant ehip (I thi he said bound for Amèrica) with over 700 soi aboard; they had a pious captain-(and a rea pious man has a tiger's courage, as may be fou in reading the life of Captain Hedley Vicars a General Havelock) - who gave permission : prayer meetings to be held on deck as often as i speaker desired. This was availed of, and meetir held every evening, which were always attended the major part of the emigrants. " One nigh continued the rev. gentleman. " about an hour af midnight, or two bells, the officer on the bridge s smoke arising from the hatchway beneath whi were the ship's stores. Hastily calling the capt! and carpenter, holes were cut in the deck and wa pumped in without avail ; and now the smoke ca out in clouds, and the crew were called out to th respective stations-(ordinarily the ship's bell rung as on shore, very rapidly, but here this v j dispensed with on account of the emigrants)-a then the passengers were called afc and told ti the fire was in the store- hold, but they were not be alarmed, for it might not be dangerous. Tl came the powerful effect of the prayer meetin 'Let us sing the third hymn on the leaflet,' a there, with fire raging beneath their feet, and ? surging waves of fathomless depth around the arose to heaven a hymn of praise and faith in 1 power of God to save His creatures if he so will The boats being utterly inadequate td carry < half the passengers, were now ready to be mani for saving as many womeu as possible. (In emigrant ship single women go first, marr women and children nest, then married me after which single men are allowed what chan are left of saving their lives). Many newly-marr couples and families standing here and there, del mining to die together rather than be separat ' Oh,' for a ship,' cried some ; but no ship3 could seen in the smokeand darkness. Meanwhilerocl were Eent up from the burning ship, which be forth small forked flames now from the hajchwi and the decks were burning hot. And now desp set in even with those who had prayed for the h of Heaven in their dire extremity of distress, i many were saying, in a voice beyond despair, tl last prayers, while parents were gathering tl children together and praying with them ; and h are a group holding each other's hands, and wit smile beyond earthly things, with eyes look away into the near approaching home, sweet ho where "saints immortal dwelt," are.singing the hymn ; Son of my souL thoa Saviour dear, It is not night if Thou be near ; Oh, may no earth-born cloud arise To hide The« from Thy servants' eves. Here are a pair of hearts which were joined in 1 matrimony on the eve of the sailing of their vet and which are going " down" together m the h of a'bright resurrection.. Not 'a .tear is on eit cheek ; they are beyond crying.. After des] Teaches a certain limit tears fail to ease the he»! the well of tears runs'dry!, But while these 1 rowing scenes are being enacted on deckíwhile offering up of last prayers andliymns are going the sailor or two who had been instructed to stay I aloft on the look-out for the lights of any vessels and the probability of a rescue, were heard above the cries and sobs shouting to each other. After agreeing on the questions asked and rapidly answered, they slide down the rigging with ,l Sail oh! Sail oh 1 Sail oh!" Shouted with one'voice the whole of that 700, " Saved, saved, we are saved." Ah ! what's that they Bing now ? What is it ascending to heaven -now 7 Praise God, from whom all blessings flow ; Praise Him, all creatures here below ; Praise Him above, ye heavenly host ; Praise Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost. It is a steamer ; she is rapidly approaching ; soon she is alongside, and ecery soul is saved." This anecdote, on a subject so nearly affecting ourselves, did far more towards inclining the emigrants to sign their names in the book (provided for the purpose by the speaker) as members of what I may term a "Prayer Meeting Party," pledging themselves to hold services every evening in the " 'tween decks," which was afterwards faithfully performed by some of the persons so signing. Of course it was not to be expected that all would persevere and hold to their word, same being moved by the thrilling tale of the sea to better things for a week or two, then cooling down, something after the style of the first of the two sons who we read were requested to " Go work in my vineyard," who said I will go, but went not, But I must return to my subject. Service over, came hand-shaking and farewells, God speeds, and good byes were said, and we retire for the night with the least possible noise ; no uproar or " bolster wopping" among the inmates, and so we count the honrs of stay on old England's shores. Next day (Wednesday) is our last in which we shall spend the whole day. To- morrow morning we leave home. Letters are written in crowds to- day, and I by good luck got my letters into the pillar box or hole in the wall in good time, for, as the letters accumulated the box was filled out, and some took out handfuls of letters, shoved in their own, and rammed the rest back again. Letters still arriving, they had to be taken in the store-room, and left on the counter for the postman. But of three letters and one postcard which I'sent through that box only one, the postcard, ever reached its destination. This afternoon (Wednesday) all our boxes are to be overhauled for contraband articles such os brandy, ram, gin or any other spirits, firearms of any description, or any explosive of any kind. But here again rumour hath it that John and the old Betsy Prigs, and Sairey Gamps are open to bribery in the matter of overhauling. Consequently I parted a shilling and they never even looked at my things. Others gave a shilling and " passed ;" but those who had no spare shilling got their things thrown about anyhow. Each individual ia supposed to have 6 shirts, 6 pairs socks, so many of one thing and so many of the other, and the searchers are supposed to see that each one has the regulation quantity. But, as I said, a shilling obviated all the necessity for overhauling or making good any " shortage " of clothing : making this regulation therefore a perfect farce. We also had to purchase a bar of " marine soap," to be used at sea with sea- water. But-as I shall explain when we get aboard-we never needed to use it. ïhursday morning has at length arrived,, and wc are all on the qui rive for the " tender " which will come up alongside the depot (which is built on th« harbor banks). Breakfast oh ! But we want nc breakfast, we all have a lump in our throats some how, and can eat or drink nothing. Excitement as to what oar ship looks like, and thoughts 61 leaving every old face and scene behind. It may be for yean, and it may be (or ever cause us every one to feel as if we were going per force, willy nilly to Botany Bay, rather than goinj of our own free will. " Oh, boys," says John with his artful old physo£ drawn down like a fiddle for length, "I'm sorn you're going, and no mistake." " Here John, remember ns all with this, and this and John reaped a rare old har vest from the depart ing " guests." " Here's the tender, hurry along boys as fast ai yon can, tide will serve nicely in a half-hour'i time." And we bundle ourselves aboard the tender (thi boxes were put aboard while we were asleep las night), and now come everybody to the Bide of thi tender nearest the shore to see as much! as possibl of old England. '' All aboard there, haul in the gangway; Shriek ; the tender is moving and we have started Andt now among the females, and indeed amonj some of the males, are Been handkerchiefs wipin, eyes and noses, then shaking them at old John wh is pretending to wipe his eyes in the tail of his coal whereas in reality he is glad to have lost ns, an got our money instead. And now is heard at on end of the tender, and presently taken up in th chorus (by all who are not crying) the old soni borne far ashore from so many voices, The anchor's weighed ; remember me. Ont across the harbor we speed, rounding the poin past the forts were the soldiers wave their hats an the emigrants their handkerchiefs, still singin "The"anchor's weighed." While "farewelling at the fort we had steamed by the breakwater, an there was our home for the next three month quietly lying at anchor, with a pennant flying i her peak, denoting, I suppose, the sailing of th ship. She is a splendid looking vessel, classed A at Lloyds, and is clipper built, of 1220 or 1230 tom What high masts she has, and the canvas is looa and sailors going up and down busy as bees, Br as we kaw hör in London in the docks we " kne' her by sight" as the saying is, and here we ai alongside, and very soon are all ahoard. TO BE CONTINUED NEXT SATURDAY. 