EXTRACTS FROM AT ENGLISH PAPERS. A curious relic of old London is at present being improved out of existence. From Primrose balcony, long ages ago, Old Q. sat at gaze ; who now passes below ? asks Mr. Frederick Locker and the balcony in Piccadilly, ugly enough, it is true, from which in this century's early years the wicked worn out Duke of Queensberry-" Old Q." — leered at the passers-by from under his parasol, has just disappeared. The steps by which he managed to settle down to the street level were removed not long after his death ; but it is only now that the porch, without steps, perched upon two tall pillars like a small coach house, vanishes from sight. Here he would sit of an afternoon, his groom, Jack Radford, waiting mounted in the street below ready to ride after and stop any friend that the Duke had a mind to speak to. From this porch he was hoisted out by a kind of inclined piano, and lowered to his dark green vis-a-vis, with its two long-tailed black horses. While the porch still remained the ghost of that colossal roué, that "emaciated libel on manhood," still seemed to haunt Picca- dilly, and to take the air that blows from the Green Park ; but now it follows its master to the limbo of oblivion, whither " the gay Prince and Poins" went so many years ago. — St. James's Gazette. The prison reports have in recent years afforded some very pleasant reading, and happily the present year is no exception to this rule. The commissioners who administer the local prisons, and the directors who have the eleven large convict prisons in charge, are both able to speak of a continued diminution in the numbers of prisoners coming under their care, and almost equal improvement in their conduct while under restraint. The ameliora- tion in the condition of these, the outcasts of society, is gratifying in every way. It speaks as we hope and believe, to an elevation of the whole mass of the population, which has been sufficiently comprehensive to include even the criminal class in its operation, and it indicates also, in a manner still more unmistakable, that a large measure of success has attended the efforts which have been made in recent years to improve and perfect our prison discipline. From a sanitarium point of view the results now shown by our prison management afford legitimate ground of satisfaction. On this point the commissioners are able to write as follows :-" The yearly average death rate for the sixteen years and a-half ended 31st March, 1878, was 11.6 per 1000, while for the ten years ended 31st March, 1888, it was 8.1. During the five years ended 31st March, 1888, there were only 11 deaths from enteric fever in the whole of the prisons, 9 from erysipelas, and 1 from smallpox;" and the directors, for their part, summarise their experience for last year in the language of the medical inspector's report to the effect “that there was not a single death from any eruptive fever or from diarrhoea or any disease which could be ascribed to de- fective sanitation." This result may be acc- cepted so far as it goes, but there are serious defects to which we have on more than one occasion called attention in the accommodation provided in the neighbourhood of various court-houses for prisoners awaiting trial. We are glad to gather from the present report that steps are being taken to bring about a much-needed improvement in this respect, and in some parts the matter is being at- tended to with commendable spirit and energy. But it is clear that public vigilance in this respect cannot yet be safely relaxed. Thus, for example, it is admitted that at such a place as Clerkenwell the accommodation is " bad," and no intimation is afforded that the authorities intend to improve it. On the contrary, it would appear that the official plan of meeting the difficulty is to bring the prisoners up a few at a time. We venture to say that this will not do. It is, no doubt, necessary to keep un- tried prisoners in confinement ; but it is not necessary, and it is not permissible, to confine them in insanitary cells without proper light, warmth, and other requisites of health and decency. We trust that the local authorities that are still in default under this particular will lay to heart the good example which has been so well set and so widely followed within the last few years. Lancet. One of the most amazing facts of modern legal history (says the Java Times) is the incapa- city of anybody to do anything to put the administration of the law upon a satisfactory basis. The position of the Judges of the Queen's Bench Division is at the present time most anomalous. We believe they conscien- tiously and honourably desire to do their duty; but between the circuits and the holidays the? give no satisfaction anywhere. When they go circuit they find all the business entered in London ; when they are in London they are drawn off on a Parnell Commission or to prick for sheriffs, or to the Lord Mayor, or to attend a rule committee, to rise for vacation and find when they do try causes that many of them are fit only for the County Court, or are country causes. Who is to blame for the state of things described by Mr. Bradlaugh: "The Judges sat in London in full strength rather less than five months in each year, and that fact arose mainly from the circuit arrangements which had prevailed for a considerable time. The legal year began on 24th October, the Judges went on assize and about 24th November they were all back in London. Thus one month was swept away. At Christmas they rose. After Christmas all the Judges of the Queen's Bench Division went on circuit, leaving only sufficient Judges to form the Divisional Court, and it was near the middle of February before they all returned. They then sat about six weeks till Easter, and after the Easter vacation there was another circuit, leaving at best one month's full strength to Whitsuntide. After the Whitsuntide Vocation they sat in full strength about one month. Then the Judges went on the summer assizes, and did not sit again in London until after the Long Vacation, making practically a total of about four and a-half months' full strength sittings in London in the year, and even those four and a-half months were not devoted solely to metropolitan cases." Is it any wonder that litigation is dying out? That all the most lucrative and important work is transacted if at all, else- where than in the courts of justice ? There can be but little doubt that we are just upon the threshold of considerable naval developments (says the Broad Arrow). Every indication points to a national awakening regarding our naval deficiencies, which, com- mencing upon the platform and continued by the Press, has now reached the Government and stirred even the Treasury itself. The circum- stances of the present day in relation to this question seem to be in many respects a repeti- tion of what happened in the autumn of 1884, but with this important difference, that whereas upon that occasion the Government was driven by public agitation, in spite of its own protests, to ask for additional naval supplies, we now find, on the contrary, that the desire for a largely augmented naval strength is shared by the Admiralty Board, In 1884 we had a First Lord who didn't know how to usefully spend £2,000,000 upon the navy, if it were given to him for the purpose ; but in 1888 we have a Board of Admiralty who are fully conscious that the navy is not all that it should be, and desire rather to know what ships are most needed than what money should be spent upon them. There would be no difficulty in spending many millions very advantageously in improving our defences, but the question now is which is the most advantageous way ? It may be taken for granted, then, that no further evidences are required than have already been produced, to satisfy everybody having hitherto an honest doubt upon the subject, that at the present time we have not a fleet of battle-ships large enough to watch all the ports of our possible enemies and leave adequate outer lines of defence such as was considered essen- tial to our safety by Lord St. Vincent. Is there any valid reason (says the United Service Gazette) why the new Wimbledon shall be merely a shooting ground for a longer or shorter time each year, or why it shall be a shooting ground for Volunteers only. Is it not part of the plan of national defence? and, until the millennium, are we likely to be able to do without a system of national defence ? And so long as national defence is necessary, and London continues to be the capital city, is not London the most important point of "national defence ? Is there, then, any valid reason why the new Wimbledon should not be so organised as to be a permanent shoot- ing ground for regulars and auxiliaries, and he utilised as a permanent camp of exercise, and so situated as to be as much as possible a protection to London and Woolwich, and, in case of adversity, a rallying point ? Of course, it will cost money ; but what relation will the cost of it bear to the redemption of London from the hands of an enemy of or-supposing it successfully defended the rebuilding of perhaps one-third of it? We have not made this suggestion sooner, because we expected either that someone in authority, or at all events some one of authority, would have done what seems so very much a matter of course and we know what journalists know too well, the effect of suggestions on the average official mind, more particularly if considered unauthorised or non-authoritative. The annual return of the London Scottish Volunteers for 1888, which has just been forwarded to the War Office, shows that under the altered conditions of the capitation grant the corps possesses 770 officers and men earning the full allowance of 35s. a year ; the Queen's Westminster has 852, the London Rifle Brigade 072, the Artists 756, the Post Office 793, the Inns of Court 216, and the London Irish 816. All the returns, with the exception of the Irish, are below those of last year, when the easier musketry terms were in force. At a recent meeting of the Royal Botanic Society, amongst other exhibits were specimens of the Abrm precarious, the " weather plant " of which such wonderful stories have been told of late. The secretary, in explaining the action of the plant, said he could not do better than quote his respected friend, the late Michael Faraday, who, during a lecture on table-turning, remarked that effects noticed were often incorrectly attributed to a certain cause, and thus the movement of the table was ascribed to some mesmeric influence rather than to the unconscious mechanical act of the operator and thus the action of the weather plant was put down to atmospheric or other influences at a distance of time or place rather than that of the immediate habitat in which the plant might be at the moment. The behaviour of the weather plants in the society's gardens varied at one and the same time, according to the special conditions under which they were growing. From the report of the Japanese Railway Bureau for the past year, which has just appeared, it would seem that, rapidly as it is progressing, railway construction in that country has to meet unusual difficulties, or rather an unusual number of difficulties, owing to the physical geography of Japan. One line of 255 miles in length involves the construction of sixteen tunnels, 10,000ft. long, and the bridging of eleven rivers. One of these has a velocity in time of flood of 27ft. Eer second, and in another the brick piers are to be sunk to a depth of Soft. A range of mountains is crossed at a height of 1 aGSt. Part of another line ascends to a height of 145ft., and during five months of the year work is rendered impossible by the snow, and sometimes in the summer months an epidemic of cholera has the same effect. English Mechanic. That enterprising paper, the NewYork World, has given a striking example of the use to which the telegraph may be put in gratifying public curiosity, A series of baseball games has been going on to decide the championship of the world, and in order to make the result known as quickly as possible the World erected outside its office a huge blackboard on which was drawn a sketch of the baseball ground, or " diamond," as it is technically called. Each of the two "mines" had its own colour, and such of the players of the nine had a numbered peg. As soon as the game started at the ground it started also on the board, one side being shown at the bat, and the other side fielding. As each run was made, PO the player was moved from base to have on the board, and this was kept up until the end of the game was reached. In order that to time should be lost, a special wire was run from the ground, whether in New York, Brooklyn, Philadelphia, or St. LOUIS, direct to the foot of the board, where eat an operator, who, as fast as the message was sent in, dictated it to his assistant, who, in turn, made the movements on the board. In this way the spectators could follow every movement of a game being played 1500 miles away almost as quickly as if they were on the ground itself. The public " caught on, as we say here, and every afternoon while the series of games listed the board was surrounded by a howling crowd of thousands of enthusiasts, who cheered or groaned themselves hoarse as they followed the movements of those little pegs from hole to hole. This enterprise must have cost a large sum of money, but it paid for itself many times over in the advertising that it gave the paper Electrician. A pamphlet on the present cost of electric lighting, with a brief account of modern dynamos, incandescent lamps, and trans- formers, is being distributed by Messrs. Carey and Fricker (says the Electrical Review), with the view of dispelling the prevalent impression that electric lighting is too expensive for general purposes, and that it is still commercially and scientifically in an imperfect and unsuitable state. Figures are given showing that its cost, even on a moderate scale, is less than gas ; while in cases where the number of lights required is large the balance is largely in favour of the new illuminant. It is also shown that the dynamo is now within 5 per cent of the ultimate possible standard of efficiency, and that the average life of an incan- descent lamp is now about 1500 hours, and as nearly perfect as can well be desired, the conclusion arrived at being that electric lighting, whether used on a large or comparatively small scale, is the cheapest, safest, and in every way the most perfect system of artificial illumination known. We (Uleetrieian) learn that at the forthcom- ing meeting of the Telegraph Congress, at Paris, there is to be a special telephone section. One of the main objects of this section will be to formulate a large scheme of international telephony whose ramifications will embrace Paris, Berlin, Vienna. Brussels, Rome, and Amsterdam, and, according to our authority, London also. Of course, the first step towards the practical realisation of the scheme must be the adoption of a uniform telephone tariff and system of regulations. A new form of electrical railway is being erected at St. Paul, Minnesota. The cars do not touch the ground, but are suspended from girders which form the track and at the same time the mains conveying the current. Speeds of from eight to ten miles per hour are expected. A pamphlet has just been published, signed by nearly all the leading legal firms engaged in company business, which contains remarks on the Joint Stock Companies Bill in relation to joint stock companies introduced into Parliament this session by the Lord Chancellor. The following paragraph, extracted from the pamphlet, will serve to show that the bill needs serious revision before it is further proceeded with : " The bill, as a whole, is evidently prepared with the laudable object of dealing with and stopping the acts of fraudulent promoters : but it has not been sufficiently considered that, while attempting to do this, it will, if it becomes law, assuredly drive from this country a very large amount of banking, commercial, and other business which passes through all classes, and brings an interchange of commerce of every kind between England and all parts of the globe." Observations are also made with regard to companies proceeding to allot shares when it very small proportion of the capital asked for has been subscribed to. " The courts have not taken this view of the matter, holding that an allotment upon but a small proportion of the capital asked for does not of itself make the allotment capable of being set aside." Amongst the signatures to the pamphlet may be noticed those of Ashurst, Morris, Crisp, and Co.; Freshfields and Williams ; Jauson, Cobb, Pearson, and Co. Norton, Rose, Norton, and Co. and Allison, Bristowe, and Carpmaol. It is to be hoped that the pamphlet will have the desired effect, as the names of the signatories themselves stand as a sign of the magnitude of the interest concerned. The recently conceded advance of 10 per cent in the wages of miners in Lancashire, Yorkshire, Staffordshire, and North Wales, where the finding scale is not in operation, is being followed by an upward movement in colliery districts where this mode of regulating wages is in force. An examination of the prices realised for coal by the associated coal masters of Lanarkshire has resulted in a concession of a further rise of 5 per cent to the men, taking effect from the 10th instant. Hitherto alterations in wages in that district have been made on the first of each month, but the Executive Committee have recommended that in future such changes shall date from the 15th. It is thought likely that the current prices obtained for coal will justify a further advance after the next audit, and, indeed, one or two colliery proprietors in the neighbourhood of Cambuslang are reported to have already given their men an advance of 10 per cent, and a similar concession has (says a financial contemporary) been made at some collieries in Midlothian. Church dignitaries are setting us a good example (says the Christian World of 8th November). Yesterday the new chancel of Halton Church, Hastings, was consecrated, and the church reopened by the Bishop of Chichester, assisted by the Archdeacon of Lewes and the clergy. The Mayor of Hastings and Mr. Noble, the local M.P.; and other notables male and female also were present. After the service the party, instead of repairing to an hotel, took lunch, at the Hastings' Hydropathic, where we may be sure Miss Jefferson, the popular manageress, did her best to provide fitting fore for her distinguished guests. This a stop in the right direction. We shall soon find Bishops patronising temperance hotels, and " good orthodox port " will be a thing of the past. 