Buy Catholic Books and read them. Books are a guide in youth, and an entertainment for age. They support us under solitude, and keep us from becoming a burden to ourselves. They help us to forget the crossness of men and things, compose our cares and our passions, and lay our disap pointments asleep. When we are weary of the living, we may repair to the dead, who have nothing of peev ishness, pride, or design, in their con versation. For our instruction, the Holy Ghost inspired the prophets to record the lives and actions of many illustrious saints in the Holy Scrip tures. It is chiefly through books, that we enjoy intercourse with superior minds ; and these invaluable means of communication are within the reach of all. In the best books, great men talk to us, give us their most precious thoughts, and pour their souls into ours. God be thanked for books. They are the voices of the distant and the dead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages. Books are the true levellers. They give to all who will faithfully use them, the society, the spiritual presence of the best and greatest of our race. No matter how poor I am ; no matter though the prosperous of my own time will not enter my obscure dwelling ; if the sacred writers will enter and take up their abode under my roof ; if Alban Butler will cross my threshold to present me his " Lives of the Saints" to the greatest personages who have ever adorned the world ; Sullivan to tell me the "Story of Ireland"; Formby to relate his "Bible and Church History Stories"; and St. Liguori to recount the "Glories of Mary, the Power of Prayer, or His Reflections on the Passion," I shall not pine for want of companionship. Of all the amusements which can possibly be imagined, of a hard-working man after his daily toil or in its intervals, there is nothing like reading an enter taining book. It calls for no bodily exertion, of which he has had enough or too much. It relieves his home of its dullness and sameness, which in nine cases out of ten, is what drives him out to the ale-house, to his own ruin and family's. It transports him into a more diversified and interesting scene, and while he enjoys himself, there he may forget the evils of the present moment. It accompanies him to his next day's work, and if the book he has been reading be anything above the very idlest and lightest, gives him something to think of besides the mere mechanical drudgery of his every day occupation--- something he can enjoy while absent, and look forward with pleasure to return to. But, supposing him to have been fortunate in the choice of his book, and to have lighted on one really good, and of a good class, what a source of domestic enjoyment is laid open ; what a bond of family union. He may read it aloud. Or make his wife read it, or his eldest boy or girl, or pass it round from hand to hand. All have the benefit of it. Each contributes to the gratification of the rest, and a feeling of common interest and pleasure is excited. Nothing unites people like companion ship in intellectual enjoyment. It does more ; it gives them mutual respect, and to each among them self-respect. 