GHOST STORIES.. i th THE GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND THE h PH'IIANTOM P'LOLGII3tMAN. Two capital ghost stories reach us from the other side of the Atlantic. The first is a Canadian, the second comes from Pennsryl- r vanin. of tm THIE GE8E=9 OP THE GHOST. Iost autumn there was an accident on the Ti Canada Atlantic railway, near the station at th St Scholastique. A farmer named Brunet Ip was walking along the track at about 12 sa o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along, struck him, and threw his a body lolft. away, so horribly mangling of it that portions were found in the ° branches of a clamp of trees growing i beside the track. There have been five i different engineers of that train since I then, the last resigning only a few days ago. L The reason given for the resignations was hi that the clump of trees was haunted, and in that there were strange signals given there pi eerey night, which always stopped the train and then disappeared. The engineer who cc resigned last gives the following reasons for al giring -p his position: wir Tic EGIonsana n.stocanD. of It's a ghost or something like it, and it I has been the cause of four other engi neers asking to be transferred. I I8 first saw the ghost one night two weeks ago. I had left St. Scholaetiqoe, and was whooping her up, because I was a trifle late. er I had hardlygot her going, when I saw what to seemed to be a red star floating in the air, m perhaps a mile away, and aheoad of roe. It i grew larger as I got nearer, and soddenly it at stnruck me that the red star was a red lamp. oi Yet it was very high in th air-too high, thought I, to be a signal. I noticed also that m it apparently hovered over the clump of trees. lt As I got within 200 yards of the trees thered th globe simced to jump across from the trees di right over the track. This all took place ina c shorter while than it takes me to tell it. I th was startled. The light was undoubtedly w that of a signal lamp, and hung directly in the way of the train. I hadn't time to call the attention of my firemen in to it before I was on top of it. Friglhtened in and fearful that there was somethmig the at matter with the road, I whistled down a brakes, shut off cstea, put on the air brakes, in and stopped the triin. Everybody was U1 etartled. The conductor ran forward and asked what was the matter. I told him, and hi we started hack to investigate. There was Cr nothing the matter with the road. There wasn't a house within half a mile of the : place, nor could any footprints be discovered in the snow to show that anybody had been 1 in the neighbourhocd. Now, up to thattime a, I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed di that the conductor, George Welles, was O strantely agitated, and the fireman lookhed THE FIT.RT GIDB OICE MOUE. My next up trip was two nights later, and ti precisely the same phenomenon appearedl. I was scared this time. That it was sauper- a, natural I hld no doubt, and despite an inclih nation to brave the ghostly warning and keep the train going, my hands turned ott the V secanm and put on the air brakes almost mechanically. The conductor came forward a as before. I eaplained xcotly the same way, and we went on after failing to discover asy i reason why a danger signal should have bhei used at that particular point. My fireman ti then told me that the apparition, ghost, or tt whatever it was, had boon seen by four i: others, who h:ual all ot other shifts. They a couldn't stadit. Nither ould I-and here a I a.', loid off. t Sritl :'roa rcorromr~ty In tihe nortih-weetern corner of Lower Merion tioelhip, hMontigomnery County, lia., a great hublbub eIas been raied by a phtntoai faruier who is nightly seen pluoighing in a 1 field. The enpparitien was fint dAiCOereed c about the end of iarch by a farm hnod wh'o wans rturniin.l: e from csuringt. Emier' dig fromi a esoid ed pathway that skirted u. cdl froret fr mUile., this ruotio waes stIetcl to hear a aepukbiral voice cnunasdini a« ains to halt. Hie loked il cain ohiut at, ph.ec for a Imie.Ut or two, and was asout tIOTvig on again Wihen the Ccaim 1 vind fell on his car. A siver crpit over i him us hhe haltlhe crrakin:i of an untsen v harnes, and his tser wai far from beia l alnRvel by the whinny of a horse alms c dirv:tly lefire him. Attat mth asnuet the t new monean stole over the neighionrig treo-g gips, and in its misty li;;ght e plainly bats: tau phantol firoser. It was clearly out- t lisedi againi t tle dark hackground, anld its two hands held in a steady grasp the pro jectiuB bandles of a iplough. Before it marcolh a pair of spirited horses, dimly olt linedl in the isity light, thelir huls erectu and their eyes flashing fire as they moved hastily t aloeig. The yount maln waited another t nMoment to reassure Isinvelf, and was about to take to his heels when plouchmtan, hos se and plough sucddenly vaniohed. Then he, too, Ied in wild dlanrm. cotta r itctes atn c. c At Silas IBrown's cornier groery on Ithe night succeeding this, the young man, AlLort Cooper by name, told this etartlig storyc The crowd adjourned to the all-ged scene of thel ghost's opeirstions to verify or disprove Coiper's itale. They had not ltng to wait. Without the noises thalt hald wansed Coo;pr the night before, the phalntomn fanrIer op peared before the eyes of the seven Inca who i sot upon the fence, or, to hs more nacurate, who almost fell from it in terror. ilis long t white hair and Lbard streamed in the peasiso I wind. No hat was upn his head I nor could any piertioi of his faice seen exclcpt the glistening eyes. Theb slit out frois a height of onr 1 than ceven feet freom the grounld, indiclating the pevtrual gringer Tres oller tli:n tl averOge of human hind. Aboutsi liis to. lwhich could not well bh traced, there was a pihohoreocentl glow whiich dazzled the eye cf the terrified spectators and cheun far ahead Of the steadily moviog horses. The iplough L.e kened- on oeemd of skeleton fr.ue, hut it tonsed otf the soft, moist ealrth as eosily as a steamter tunes the river wavses. On he came, the hoers.s senSeld to exhale tire, their liheai ercccsct adaeehing, ard ootfaloos a irmc aid 'lesr as ins the waotchsrs ecr rlucr. Ai t the corner io thy field thee tunris obidliently at a iccdl friuin tiscir spectral drivi'r..son pgain passet btfore tile atlribhted pevccKtors, wro thereupon 'ld in haste. 'IiE ens r UGecerED SiT T0E (51ie. Otn the' followning morning a crowld of rlitius dcciitrcind to gin to tie fil hnd sil whether any traco of thie faemer reolu it fossld. A-tc tv smse in sitbt of thl ei lozure one oi thl CUmller e~XClalimed inl a :st io'ilhlt: " I'll be iurinl if the tlui' -idoles't plougt'hi cure cicisulgi." le rilrk. One-half of the fiecl had Levisn gonce s.:, c h.idouly by no nuiivie. The furrews tsrre not uite so tirosiLd ii thore miadie t o 1 an onlinary piouaelosn, but they wre 1,-os Sraceol antl more drieep. old sre as straighit r l tire inet exlie riiacei eyve Csisold i make tlUii. Ab dscor two atti'rtie cisse group went oit to rica' thre fieds ra rin, srnd this lime thy~· Sfoutsl thst the pliasitein h'st fariiit~i's tie rViork. T'he oneer of the lildt vasr rae o the nmribcr. aord he tlik a slmnenr cails thot i hie had not turne a sac in the nenosure. it The Prhire of Wales is said to speak French I beet of all the Royalties of Europe. 