Old World Sport, t (By 'Coobamht.') LonbOn, June 14.— Ac exceptionally brilliant Epsom meeting concluded on Friday tlie Oaks, or Ladies Day, as it is properly called. 1 am sorry to have to rseord tho fact that the gentleman wlio presides over the elements was in one of his most detestable humors ; for, alter flattering tlie butterflies of fashion with, the promise of a charming day, and inducing them to put on their gayest colors, lie suddenly changed his mind, and treated, them to one of the most infamously- tret afternoons it has ever been my lot to experience. The race for the Oaks was run in a perfect deluge of rain; and everybody was thoroughly miserable. Nor. was even the one crumb of comfort, the victory of the favorite, accorded to us; and the feelings of those who remained and brayed the elements may be more easily imagined than described when they saw a despised oufcsiuer-^-a creature whose chance might have been reckoned at nil, dasbine- past the stand with A comfortable lead, while the favorite was strusrg-ling on, gaining bit by bit 'tis true, but still unable to catch the leader. The attendance, though it could not, of course, compare with that of the Derby, was a very big one, in deed; and it struck me that I had never seen so many stna*tly-dressed women at Epsom before. Australia was, as usual, well representedby many pretty faces ; and some of the most tasteful costumes were worn by ladies who are not unknown at Flemington and Bandwick. Of the race itself nothing need be said beyond giving the following simple narrative. There wag no enthusiasm when the winner returned to scale, for the simple reason that only a tew people backed it for a penny. Indeed, so little was its chance esteemed that Lord Dunraven, Lord Randolph Churchill's racing confederate, Lad only £50 on. I naturally watch the 2-years-old running very closely, as no doubt your readers would like to be kept well informed as to the form of the youngsters which are likely to meet Mr. James White's couple next year. So far, only two real good ones have been brought out, viz., Semolina, w inner of the Brpcklesby, owned by the lucky Duke; and a ch arming filly, Signorina, by St. Simon, the property of the Chevalier Ginistrelli. Semolina added to her unbeaten record by winning the Acorn Stakes at Epsom on the Oaks day in good style, though she had some trouble to shake off Erica for half the distance. However, she ran on, and won like a stayer. She is, however, is. Email filly; and, though full of quality, will, I think, not train on. It is early days yet to speak of the real strength of the 2years old. Ascot and Goodwood are generally selected for the debut of the cream of the big stakes; and in a month hence we maybe able to judge better of the quality of the op position Mr. White will meet with. The racing at Manchester this week has been of a very good class, indeed— big fields and good finishes. King Monmouth, the ever green, came out like a young 'un, fresh as paint, and bowled over a fairish lot, including the now celebrated Fullerton, which was allowing Mr. Lowther's old slave a. stone. Lord Dudley, who sadly needs it, had a. good throw in with Present Alms, by the Aliser, in the Beaufort Handicap ; and the plunging Lord was able to get on a nice little stake at the rumunerative price of 10 to 1. The big 2-years- old Stake of the meeting, the Breeders' Foal Stakes, of 1600 sovs, was won by Llewellyn, a son of Uncas and Lady Blostyn, which upset a pot in Mr. Baird's Marchesi. By the celebrated iple victory of Glfldiateur, Waterloo ?was supposed to have been avenged ? and the more recent successes of Flaisanterie, ii was thought, would completely wipe out the memory of Napoleon's disaster. But still there was 'the nyin tue ointment,' for these HniTna.is were both trained and ridden by Englishmen. Now, however, France has really had her revenge ; for on Sunday last the Grand Steeplechase de Paris at AuteuiL worth i^SOO, was won by a French bred horse, which -was trained by a Frenchman, and mirabile dictu, ridden (and ridden well, too) by a French jockey. The victory of Le Torpilleur was, indeed, a crowning- triumph for the Gauls ; and hereafter Englishmen will not be ablet o boast of their absolute supe riority in cross-country racing. It was a most creditable performance of the French horse, apart from everything else, because he had behind him Sikh, Voluptuary, Bellona, and several other good English steeplechasers. Bat the luck of our Gallic neighbors did not cease here ; for they also won the big Hurdle £ace at Auteuil on Wednesday with Adams's Vanille, a well-bred mare by Isonomy. There were fourteen starters, of which ten were English ; and it says much for the French stables that they owned the first two — Castor having been second, and Mr. Abington's Wrangler third. The quality of the field was good, as it included St. Dominie (the certainty of the race), Gorrfalon, Wild Notes, Sorrento, Chippeway, Queen's Herald, Touch and-Go, &c.; The Prince of Wales, who ont of respect to English sentiment, did not go to the races on Sunday to see the Steeplechase, was present on Wednesday, and was lustily cheered, for he is a great favorite in Paris. The prize for the Hurdle Race was £2000, which is, I believe, the largest sum ever given in any country for a race of that description. The Te-appearance of Shrewsbury had the effect I expected of materially altering the fortunes of Notts, and the thorough drubbing the lace countymen gave Surrey was the result of really erood play. Gunn batted in grand form for 118, when he was out 1 b w to Lohmann. Mr. J. A. Uixon, the Notts captain, played a capital innings of 5i. Scotton scored 21, and Shrewsbury totted up 18. The total of the innings was 308. It is true that Notts had the best of the luck, for most of the runs were made on a good dry wicket ; while on Monday evening rain fell heavily, and the bowlers were unplayable thereafter. Still it was a recrular case of the old ' Surrey rot,' for the champion county should have been worth more than 155 runs in the two innings (9S and 57). Shacklock, who was an eleventh hour pick, bowled magnificently for Notts. This decisive licking will do Sorry a great deal of good, for they were beginning to put on airs and tinny themselves invincible. Aided by a wicket which suited him to a T, SpoS'orth, on Tuesday, performed a feat which has probably never been excelled, certainly not in a first-class match; f or, playine for Derbyshire, he took on the last day of the match eight Yorkshire wickets for 5 runs. At the conclusion of the first day's play the score stood : Derbyshire, 1st innings, 57; Yorkshire, 1st innings, 132; 2nd jnninns, 82 for one wicket (Ulyettfs). Eesuming play on Tuesday, Spofforth got to work; and the last nine wickets were captured for 10 runs— Spofforth, as I have said, taking eight of them for 5 runs. This feat is probably unexampled in the annals of cricket, for among his victims were Lee, PeeL Wade, Hunter, and Fowler, the last-named a very good Trm-n. six of these wickets were clean bowled. Derbyshire then went in. But Peel was also almost unplayable ; and they could only tot up 113. Ybrks thus won by 54 runs. Peel took six -wickets in the first innings, and eight in the second; 1ijb analysis being wonderful. The Gloucestershire v. Sussex match was e. very excit ing- one, and was noticeable for the fact thai for the first time the new rule about declaring an innings closed at any time on the last day of a matck was put in lorce, as the wiley W. G-., when, his side were 2S2 runs ahead, declared the innings at an end with one wicket still to fall. He should have done so earlier, for the dreaded draw could not be averted, as Sussex played out time, and had still three wickets to fall, and were 149 runs to the bad. W- -i. played well in the first innings for 70 ; but the best batting of the season so for was Mr. Cranston's 130 in the second innings of Gloucester. It was a superb per formance. Play at Lord's has been impossible all this week owing to the state of the wickets there. There is something clearly wromr about Hie drainage of the ground, as after very little rain the place becomes a perfect morass, and it takes days to dry. TJiis is a bad state of things to exist at what one jnay call the head quarters of cricket. At all events it is where cricketers give themselves most airs. Boxing is still the rage, and young 'professors' begin to sport diamond pins. No wonder, for next to book making it is about, the best game out. A3 for being- the fashion, on Monday no less than five glove fights were brought off in various parts of London alone. The police wink at these affairs now. The long talked-of Pritchard-Alec Burns match was a very hollow affair, as Alec was outmatched, and received his Quietus after a very short and one-sided jnilL Pritchard is now cock of the walk at his weight, and I don't see who is to t»ke his number down unless it is Bill Goode. It is very likely these two will meet, and when they do ' may I be there to see.' Private advices from California tell me that nobody can be found to tackle Jackson ; but great inducements are to be offered Jake Kilrain to overcome his objection to meet ing a nigger. What a doing Jake will get if ever they do fight! Londch?, June 21.— Even in the most adverse eireum Btaaces Ascot never fails in attractiveness; and when favored by glorious sunshine it presents, especially on Cup Day, a picture which is not to be Equalled elsewhere on the face of the globe. Even Longchamps in all its glory on the Grand Prix Sunday must ' pale its ineffectual fires' before the splendor of the Eoyal meeting. From first to hist the present anniversary has been from every point of view an unqualified success ; while as far as the attendance is concerned it has never beeu approached. If any fault could be found it is that the quality of the horses contest ing such time-honored events as the Gold Cup, Alexander Elate, ? and Harderick-. Stakes are of comparatively ar 'poor 'class, - as judged by the standard of bygone , years. ; But ..what of that? Peoplfe no longer-fcb* itt-racing '?& Ascot for racing sake; for it is now regarded almost entirely as a social function, with the geegees thrown in for. the amusement and profit (or more frequently' loss) 6f 'those benighted people .who see more charm in the struggle of a dozen Or so ot noises over.eix furlongs than in the glorious display of England's beauty, on the town -and in the .Soyal inclosura. A Bg for such' folk. ' ~ 'They' itne 'unworthy, of notice; Let them slack to their Newmarket, their Keiripton Park, or Man chester, and gamble their to their hearts' content, and leave to the ladies their adorable Ascot. It has often struck me as being most remarkable that by some extraordinary process of natural selection Enriish ladies Beam to divide themselves into two classes— the beautiful and the unlovely ; and while one year the beauties are ina majority, the next year, perhaps, you won't meet more than a dozen even tolerably good-looking ones. This year was decidedly a beauties' year. Everybody of note was, of course, there. The Eoyal in closure wrb filled, and the lawn and. grandstand packed to overflowing. The Eoyal profession was quite an imposing one eaoh day; and on Thursday it was extra smart, as be came theanniverEaryoftheQneeii'saccession. The Princess of Wales -was, as usual, dressed to perfection - her ?om on the Cup day being of creamy white, embroidered in gold. Her daughters are always charmingly yet simply arrayed. HJ2.H. wore a' gray suit, frock coat, &o.; Only one or two men essayed white duck ' continuations,' ' but though they looked cool the wearers were evidently uncomfortable, as well-dressed men eschew such garments, and tall hats and frock coats are de rigueut on swell days at Ascot. Donovan, of course, made short work of bis opponents in the Prince of Wales's Stakes ; and the way he walked away from them when Fred. Barrett let his head loose was a treatto witness. Certainly he had nothing more formidable to meet than Enthusiast, Gold and Indian Star, but a horse can do no more than win in a canter. The Leger looks more than ever at his mercy, and pro vided lie comes to the post fit and well, lie will probably, start the hotteBt favorite on record. A poor field of three, Morglay, Curraghmore, and Claymore contested the race for lie Gold Vase; and they finished in the order named. In point of numbers the field for the Ascot Stakes was a -very good one, as a dozen faced Lord Marcus Beresford. Bingmaster was supposed to have a good chance; and for some weeks in what little ante-post betting there was he had figured high up in the quotations. But somehow on the day he went as bad in the market as lie subsequently did in the race. Exmoor in spite of his character as a rogue was served up very hot at the last. But he once more failed to land Walter Blake's colors in front, though as for as behavior is concerned he did not on this occasion try to cat a jockey or to mangle a horse. It was, I suppose, under the belief that he could stay ' till the cows come home' that, though, the distance was two miles, Bingmaster was sent oil in front as if lie had only six furlongs to travel. The consequence -was -that lie was tailed off after going a mile. At the bend for home the race was reduced to a match between Lord Lome and Ashplant ; and, though the latter for a moment looked like winning, the Lord outstayed him and won by u. neck; a popular victory, as Sir Eobert Jardine is a. straight goer. He has a kind of mortgage on the stakes, having won tiiem with Tcviotdole in 1881-2, with Ishmael in 1883, with Greenbonk in '84, and now with Lord Lome. The neat Semolina once more carried the Duke of Port land's colors to victory in the 32nd Biennial, which she won by sheer gameness and resolution. It was one of the most interesting races of the day — or of the meeting, for that matter — as the starters included Semolina, Suref6ot, and Heresy. The two last-named had run first and second in the Woodcote Stakes at Epsom, andare both very smart. That running was confirmed on *-''« occasion, as Surefoot once more finished in front of Lord Colthorpe's filly, and what is more gave Semolina' a lot of trouble. In fact he held the lead until the last few strides, when Semolina would not be denied ; and running on as true as steel, she just won by a head, thus preserving her unbeaten certificate, and proving that she, if small, is ' all heart and no peeL Surefoot, who is by Wisdom out of a mare by Galopui, out of Miss Foote, is a xeal good one, too ; and lie and Semolina are decidedly the two best 2-years-oiau we have seen. Heresy is fast, but cannot stay. And so here endeth the first chapter. There was a alight falling oft in the strength of the fields on the second day. But otherwise it was as successful as could be desired. Backers hod another fair day, notwith standing two tremendously severe blows, viz., the failure of a hot pot in Miguel in the Ascot Derby, and of Danby dale in the Hunt Cup; the latter being considered one of the biggest handicap certainties of modern times. The Ascot Derby on paper looked a dead gift for Miguel, considering his second to Donovan at Epsom ; and the 9 to 4 betted on him was apparently justi fied. Great was the dismay of his backers when, after a tassel with Morglay, he was beaten by a length and a half. But this disappointment was trilling compared with what followed. One of the prettiest sights in the world is the race for the Hunt Cup, and the coup d'csil presented as the horses came «1 mailing over the hill in full view of the occupants of the stands is worth a day's journey to wit ness. This year a big sensation was added to its attractive ness. Captain Machell seems to lay himself out specially to win this event ; and I don't know how many times heihas been successful. The punters, as a rule, go for his horse to a man ; and when it -was known that Danbydale had won a big trial he at trace became the hottest of hot favorites ; as little as 5 to 2 being- eagerly snapped up. The fifteen candidates (Bingmaster being one of them) were marshalled in good time at the post; and Lord Marcus at once dropped his flag and the lot were off. Stay ! not the whole lot, for one w as left standing at the post. A muffled roar, covering the sound of many a big, big D, soon told the tale that the favorite had been left standing still. Poor little George Chaloner, whose feelings no one could envy, sharp as he is, had for once been caught napping, much to the dismay and disgust of those who had backed his mount, and they had the melancholy view of the erstwhile favorite walking back leisurely to the paddock. Whiteleg-s d lo Goldseeker in the City and Suburban slipped his field at the start, and sailed away with a strong lead. Nothing had the ghost of a chance with him. The Cup day, the ladies' day at Ascot par excellence, was everything that could be desired. Not a cloud obscured the sky, and the scorching rays of an English midsummer sun were tempered by a deliciously cool breeze. It was just the day for a picnic, and heartily did everyone enjoy it. The Guards, as usual, had their gaily decorated tent pitched, in which, they entertained a multitnde of friends. The Queen's Body Guard also extended their well-known hospitality to hundreds of swagger folk. All the smart regiments had either tents or drags, and many of the leading clubs had large numbers of guests. The Cup race was a very poor one; there being only four starters, none of them beyond indifferent handicap form. Mr. L. de Botnschild's Cotillon, on the strength of her Manchester triumph, was made favorite ; but she had nothing to do with the fining as Trayles jumped off with a strong lead, which he kept, and won by half the length of a street. The physical impossibility of being in two places at once prevented my witnessing the race for the Grand Prix de Paris last Sunday. It was a disastrous day f or the erowd of Englishmen who went over to back Mr. Vyner's Minthe, which they thought was next to a certainty. But so far from being so she was ignominiously beaten, as also was the French favorite, Maypole ; the race being won, to the horror of backers and the joy of the bookmakers, by an animal called Yasistas, which, was absolutely friendless at 100 to 1. A few people who follow M. Delamarre's fortunes had a louis or so on at the pan mutuel. But beyond this the colt was not backed for a solitary franc. Yasistas had won a email race, the Pris Neva, on the day before, and this was a case of history repeating itself, as Fervacques, which won the Grand Prix in 1887 (after a dead heat with Patrician), also won the Pris Neva the day previous. This is a remarkable coincidence. But of course these things are only thought of after the poll. Minthe's form shows how poor a lot our three-years-old are (of course Donovan excepted, and perhaps Amphion). 