THE DEATH SHIP. ( A STRANGE STORY ; an account of a cruise in this flying dutchman, collfctkd from t1ib papers of tdk late mil oeofkrby funton, of i'oi'lar, master mariner. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " The \Y rerk of the Grosyeuor," " Tho Golden Hope," ifcc,, ifcc. AU ItightB Reserved. CHAPTER NIL— Continued. I perfectly understood him, hut made no reply did uot even look nt him. staring about the sea for the Saracen in an unguNh of mind not to bo expressed. Suddenly I caught flight, of the smudge of her nnd perceived she was beadinpaway on her course ; >rus out on our starboard beam, least my eyes aloft ana found the yards of the ship I was in braced up to meet the wind on the larboard tack, whence I knew that every iustant wm widening the space between the two vessels. On inasteririg this I could have dashed myself down on tho dock with grief nnd terror. One of tho group observing me ns if I should fall, r-xtended his hand, but I shrunk back with horror and covered my face, whilst deep hysteric Bobs burst from my breast, for now, without heeding any further appearances I knew that I was on board the Phantom Ship, the Sea Spectre, dreaded of marines, a fabric accurst of God, in the presence of men deml and yet alive, more terrible in their super natural existence, in their clothing of flesh whoso human mortality had been rendered un- decaying bv a fate that shrunk up tbo soul in one to think of, than had they been ghosts- essences through which you might pass your hand as through a moonbeam. I stood a while as though paralysed, but was presently rallied by the chill of tho night wind Htrikiug through tny streaming clothes. A lantern was near where tho three men wero grouped, no doubt the name tiiat had been car ried in tbo hunt, but the dim illumination would have sufficed for no more than to. throw out the proportion of thiugs within lu sphere, had it not. been lielp'd by the faint moonlight and a corpu sant that shone with the powers of a phner. clone against the blocks of the jeers of the mninynrd. 'Twas a ghostly rndinnco to heboid the men in, but I found nerve now to survey them. There were three, as I hare said ; ono very tali, about, six feet, with, a grey — almost white —beard that descended to his waist ; the second was a broad, corpulent man, of the true Dutep hnild, without hair on his face ; in the third man I could sec nothing strik?ng, if it were not for a rugged tie of seafaring aspect. I could not distinguish their ap parel beyond that the stout man wore hoots to the height of his knees, whereas the tall personage was clad in black hose, shoes with large buckles, and breeches terminating at tbo knees; their hnd-drc«scs were alike, a sort of cap nf skm, with flaps for the ears. " Do you speak Dutch ? " said the tallest of the three, after eyeing me in silence, whilst a man could have counted a Hundred. He it was who had responded to my hail from the Saracen, as my ear immediately detected— now that I had my faculties — by the deep organ-like melodiousness and tremor of his voice. I answered "Yes." "Why were your p?o pie afraid of us? We intended no harm. We desired but a little favor — a small quantity of tobacco, of which we are short." This speech I followed, though some of tbe words, or the pronunciation of them, were dif ferent from what I had been used to bear at Rotterdam, He spoke imperiously, witb a hint even of p.vsion, rearing himself to his full stature, clasped his hands behind him, and stared at me as some IndiaQ King might at a slave. " Sir," said T, speaking brokenly, for I was a slow hand at his tongue, and besides, the chill of my clothes was now become a pain, 44 first let me ask what ship is this, and who are von and your men who have rescued tne from death?" " The name of this ship is the Brnave," he answered, iu his deep, solemn voice. 41 1, who command the vessel, am known as Cornelius Vnnderdecknn ; the ihree seamen, to whom you owe your life, are Frederick Ilontman, John do Bremen, and this man," indicating the rough uncouth person who stood on his lett, "the mate, Herman Yon Vogclaar." I felt a sensation us of ice pressed to my chest nheu he pronounced his owu name, yet, recollecting he ha l called his ship the Brnave, I askc-.i, though 'twas wonderful he could follow my utterance— "What port do you belong to? " " Amsterdam." Where are you from ? " < Raiavia." I Raid, ' When did you sail ? " "On the twenty-socond of July in last year I Bv the glory of the Holy Trinity, bnt it is dreary work ; sco how the wiud hrJuis us even vet !" He sighed deepla and glanced uloft iu a manner that suggested grievous weariness. "Last year!" -X thought, a midden elation expanding my soul aud calming me as an opiate might. 44 If that he so, why, then, though this ship had made a pvodigiouHly long voyage of it from Java to these parallels, there is iiothiug wildly out of nature in such tardi ness." Last year 1 Had I caught the true signification of the words he used? 44 Pray, air," said I. speaking in an firm a voice as the shivera which chased me permitted, " what might last year be ?" The mate, Van Yogehtar, growled out some exclamation I could not catch, the captain made a gesture with his hands, whilst their burly companion said in thick, Dutch accents, "Jt needs not salt water, hut good, strong liquor to take awav a Hollander's brain." "Last year!" exclaimed Vunderdeckeu, un bending his haughty, imperious manner, 44 why, mynheer, what should be last year but I60U V" CHAPTER XIII.— WY J5YN AL Vkrdomd. When he said this, I felt like oue iu whom there is suddenly wrought a dual action of the bruin, where from one side, so to say, there is darted into the miud thoughts utterly illogical and insane, which the same side marvels at, and seeks to reject, though if the fit linger the whole intelligence may bo seized. I recollect of seekiug for confirmation of the words of the oiua who styled himself Yander- decken, in tho ship, and of noticing for the first time, that upon the planks of the deck which were out of the reach of the corpus mat, were the same crawling, elusive fires, as of phos phorus creeping and coining ami going upon a dark wail, which I bad observed on tbtt vessel's sides. Several figures of men moved forward. Close beside me was a small gnu of the kiud carried by ships in tbe beginning of the last eeutury, termed a light saker, and discharging a six-pound ball. Tliere were three of these on the larboard side, and, in the haze ol the moonlight and the sheen of the jcllydiko star that shone with a pure, pale gold over my head, I could discern upou the. bulwarks of the quarter-deck and poop several swivels turmshed with handles for pointiug them. I also oanerved a short flight of stops conducting to the quarter- deck, with two sets of a like kind leading to tho poop, the front of which was furnished with a door aud little window. There matters I took In with a Isweep of the eye, for the light was confusing, a faint, erroneous ray glancing from imperfect surfaces ami flinging half au image ; and then, an indescribable fear possu-ssiug me again, I looked in the direction where I hai last beheld the smmigu made by 'the Saracen, and, not seeing her, cried out wildly, in my broken Dutch, 4, Sirs, for the love qf God, follow my ship, and make some sigunls that she may know I au; here." "Skipper," exclaimed the smooth-faced cor pulent umii, who proved to be the boatswain, Antony Jaus, "after their cowardly iuhumanity in firing upon a small unarmed boat, and putting in peril the life of our mate, Van Vogelaar, wo should have nothing more to do with her." 44 Henceforth this Englishman will know that the Dutch are a merciful people," said Van Yogelaar, scornfully. 44 Had our nationalities been reversed ho would have beeu left to drown us a tribute to the courage of his comrades." Whilst this was said, Yandurdockcn continued to regard mo steadfastly and with great stern ness, tlieu 011 a sttdilett relaxing liis frown , ho exclaimed in that wondrous voice of his, which put a solemn music into his least utterance: 44 Come— you shiver with the cold, and hare the look of the drowned. Jans, send PrinB to me ; air, please to follow." He motioned iu a haughty manner towards the poop and walked that w«v. lino desperate look 1 cast round the sett, and then with a prayer to God that this experience might prove porno eclipso of my reason from which my mind would float out briglit afresh eje long. I followed the great figure of the captain, but with a step so faltering from weakness and grief, that he, perceiving my condition, took mo by the elbow and supported me up the ladder to tho cabin under the poop. Whether it was this courtesy or owing to a return of my uiatthuod — aud I trust tho reader will approve tho caudor with winch I have confessed my cowardice- whatever might he tho reason, I began now to look about mc witb a growing curiosity. Tho interior into which Captain Yaitdeckon conducted ine was of a dingy yel lowish hue, such as ago might complexion deiicuto white paint with. An oil lamp, of a oery beautiful, elegant aud rare pattern, fur nished with eight panes of glass, variously and all choicely covered with figures of birds, flowers and the liko, through the opening at bottom let the while light of tbe oil -ilamo fall fair on the table and the deck, swung by a thin chain by u centra! beam. Tho cabin waa tho width of tho ship, and ou its walls wore oval frames, dusky as old mahogany, each oue, as I suspected, holding a painting. Over tne door by which tho cabin was entered was a clock, und near it hung a cage with a parrot In it. Of ports I could see no lemaitn, ana sup posed that by day nil the iicht that entered streamed through tbe wiudows ou either side of the door. | (7b be continued.) 