THE' ADELAIDE CUP. iAvMa' A'UTaMN MEETING. Second (CupTDat— May 9. Stewards, Houi. R C. Biker, tf M.G , C. Mann, Q.C ,'G.' C Hawluuv MVP./Meurs. W. B, Rounsevell,M.P., j*b. Stirling, M P., anA W. RnVicrtann T P ? JnAaa Mr H' Chambers ;8tarter.'Mr.T.'F. Wi-?ley. It is bo long njnee there has been a proper Adelaide Cup Day that the weather seemed unprepared on Thursday, and was uncertain on the question of rain or sunshine, and sp'it the difference by going ia for more or le'- of each. On Wednesday af ternoonand evening there waa a bad prospect for the Cup Day at Morphettville, the weather outlook being exceedingly lowering, and in the night there were showers with a tbreat of a downpour on Thursday morning, accompanied by a blustering cold wind which, while it made matters uncomfortable for outsiders, and probably dsterred the ladies from appear 13 in 'Cup costumes,' yet did some good in drying up the ground, leaving the coarse in fine condition. ' It is an ill wind that blows nobody good.' and Thursday's bleak , blaafc, although it did disturb the composure of the thousands who like Queen's weather on holidays, was not regarded as altogether an evil. 1 here ia very little . doubt, seeing ho w much the interest in racing has revived with the resuscitation1 ot the - totalizator, that had the day been : more favour able from/ a holiday-seekers point, o view, between- 7,000 ~ and' 10,000 , people would have assembled at Morpheitville, bai as it was hardly more than 5,000 or 6.000 faced the course. The Grand Stand; how- ' ever, wa& filled, but not with a gaily dressed throng of ladies, as anticipated, as water proofs, cloaks, and ulsters hid whatever Btriklng costumes there may have been, and the picture waa decidedly sombre. There was no promenading on the Lawn, and this open space was mainly ocoupied by a crowd of male spectators interested in the events, and more or less eager according to what they had 'on' each race. ? The western end of the Stand was sheltered by a broad tarpaulin, which swelled and tugged at its fastenings in the gusty wind like a Bhip's topsail. However, when the sun came out the scene was picturesque enough with tbe beautiful green sward— covered, by-the-way, with hundreds of white handbills looking like aaowflakes— and the lovely range of hills beyond, changing hue every moment beneath the deep shadows of the scudding olouds. Those same sheets of paper ought not to have been distributed broadcast on such a day as Thursday, fcr they fluttered about the course in a way cal culated to frighten a nervous horse. Luckily racers are not easily startled, they are too accustomed to . stirring sights and scenes. There was the usual heterogeneous col lection of vehicles of every descrip tion, from the well-appointed dogcart down to the homely cab, which with its horse has seen better days; and to the 'left front' of the stand was massed the inevitable con gregation of bookmakers, great end small, yelling the odds with lungs of leather. Altogether viewed in connection with other carnivals of the kind the Cup Djy was not remarkable for Bpecial features apart from the racing. His Excellency the Goveiaor and the Countess of Kintore, with the Ho j. H. TrefuBis aud Lady Mary Trefasis, and accompanied by Mr. Lempriere and Caphin Learmonth, arrived about 1.30 in good time to see the Cup run. The Earl aid party weia received by the Hon. G. C. Hawker, M.P., Hon. B. C. Baker, C.M.G., and Mr. W. KobeitEon and condactcd to the Governor's box, which portion of the Grandstand was very tastefully decorated with foliage, plants, and flowera. HiB Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. J. C. Bray aho joined ths paity. It is a good omen that there were no acci dents of a very bad character, although there were two falls, one of which appeared at first to be more Berious than it really was. In the Second Hurdle Race, which, in spite of its title, waa the first event on tha pro gtamme, the horse Richmond, ridden by Uolger, came down a re&alar; cropper at the hurdle in front of the Stand, and rolled com pletely over his rider, who lay motionless for fiome seconds until a policeman picked him up, and he walked off the ground with assistance. Tiie ambulance wagon was quickly on the move, but was not required. It was sent afterwards for the rider of Star (Read) who was thrown at the jump the other side of the course, but he also got off better than was expected. lu the first accident there was an opportunity for any member of St. John Amoulance in the crowd to have given Mb comparatively skilled services to the fallen man. He might have been badly injured internally, or had eome of his bones broken, for aught those who lifted him on to his feet knew, and in such a case the unskilful but kindly treatment would have done harm. Cynics had scope for their satirioal powers in criticising the train arrangements which, to say the least, were carried out in a leisurely sort of Sunday afternoon fashion ; the trains travelling at the end of the races in an easy deliberate way sufficiently exas perating. The 5.25 was almost rushed by the people, certainly in a rather impatient manner as there was no real hurry and it was overcowded, while those people who were compelled to wait for the next train took exception to the long interval, about half an hour, and then had cause for dissatisfaction at the funereal pace it adopted when they were picked up. It was thought that it would have been better management to have had one train waiting at the rear of the other, ub then the passengers would not have crowded in so much, Before the Cup was run the Earl and auita were entertained at luncheon in a marquee erected at the rear of the Stand. About forty prominent racing men were present, and after the toast of ' The Queen' the Hon. B, C. Bakee proposed 'The Governor,' remarking that their presence bore a double significance, as it waa partly to welcome His Excellency and partly to cement a friendship and strengthen the bonds of union between what were two rival clubs, viz., the S.A.J.C. and the A.R.C. He hoped that the preeeoca of the Governor would encourage the regeneration of racing in South Australia. He expressed a hope also that Hia Excellency's stay in South Australia would be prosperous and happy, and that besides givtag his services and influence to the graver duties of his position he would encourage local sport. The Eabl of Kettobe, in response, ex pressed the pleasure Lidy Kintore and ha had in being present, andBaid he would be gratified If his patronage and presence would m any way assist in cementing the union of the Clubs referred to, and he would at all times be willing to encourage as far aa he mlpht racing and other spoils in South Aus tralia. The rain which had fallen overnight and during the morning had very little effect on the running ground, which was in capital order, although not quite so fast aa on Saturday. Looking round 'the paddock it was easy to see that although -the Cup was a somewhat mild affair in- oomparUon with former yean, very few of the recognised spoiting men of the colony had failed to out in an appearance to Bee the ' old^Bstabiished event run' and won. * The Melbourne express had brought a few- visitors from Victoria, 'Vigilant' and Mr. A. Yuille being arnon^ the number. The enclosure set apart for the Bing was only occupied by three or four members of Tatteraall's. the msiorit? of the cash fielders Btioking to their pitch in the Derby Stand, and judging by the crowd round them they must have done plenty of betting. The absence of the pooka from the paddock was all in favour of the totalizator, which was very well patronised, nearly £7,000 going through, while on the Cup aloae over £2,0C0 was invested. TherewaB not much excitement over the big event, aa direotly The Lawyer made his effort it became patent that the race was all over. Mr. Crozier's victory was well received, and deservedly Bo,?aa since his arrival the owner of The Lawyer had been very candid in telling every one that he thought his representative was sure to win. Of ths Beven acceptors for the Hurdle Race Viator alone failed to weigh out, and with Bolger on Richmond he was made favourite, Sluggard ranking next in favour. The hurdles bad been put up much atiffer than on Satur day, and they had also been made a couple of panels wider. Banker took up the runnin? soon after the start, and the way in which Richmond flew the first two hnrdlea was highly satisfactory to his backers, but opposite the Stand he over jumped himself, and although he cleared the obstacle he Blipped upon landing and rolled over Bolger. After this Banker went on in front, but although he did not fence any too well. Sluggard's creat pace enabled him to catch tbe leader before the turn, and the old South-Eastern nag being thoroughly baked, Slnggaid waa able to win by tenlensthe. Star fell at the back of the course, but neither Reid nor Bolger were hurt The sis 'coloured did duty in the Selling £*ce, and backers seemed pretty well divided in opinion between Tory Boy and My Ideal. It was a good race between four, but after beginning slowly Wattle finished stronger than hia opponente, and won a good race by nearly two lengths, Victor again beattig bis stable ©ompanion, Tory Boy. The winner wiu putupfor sab, and knocked down for twenty-iota gnineaa, the' club only 'making £20 out of thai race. Between this race and the Cup there was an interval of an hour. The committee of the club availed themselves ot the time to entertain Lord Kictora at luncheon, and about forty representative facing men were invited to meet His Ex cellency. The speeches were short and to the point, but the idea of utilizing the op portunity for bringing tbe prominent mem bers of our two racing clubs together, and giving the Governor a welcome to the course at the same time, was a happy inspiration on the part of the S. A. J.C, which should be at tended with satisfactory results. Lord Kintore told the company that he intends to give bis patronage to the sport, and if he folJows the example of the Melbourne and Sydney Governors, and becomes a regahr visitor to our Racecourses, his presence will do a deal towards -.popularizing the Bport. When the numbers were hoisted for the Cup it was seen that the field would number nine, the smallest on record since Totalizator sccred for Mr. Barnard in 1881. On that occasion the~tace was a comparative failure, and the same muBt be said of yesterday's Cap in so far as the interest was concerned. Even with Recall and Sluggard in the field the class of the competitors would have been much below the standard observed in the old days, but when hones like Mala a, Direbin, and Commotion need to come this way there were not so'many big stakes to be won fn the other colonies, and;, once the Sydney Cap was over, owners had to look to Adelaide for the last chance of winning a good. Btake before going into retirement for the winter. Now all that iB changed, and for the' future, co matter how tempting the prize may be, we can hardly expect to fed the cracks oi the yearwinding up the season in Adelaide as they were wont to do eazly in the eighties. The mere fact of Stanley carrying top weight aiTorded clear proof of the weakness of the field, aa the peculiarly marked son of Grand rnasterahdrByche bsw his best day some time ago. Thow who found their way into the saddling paddock ; to see the horsea strip naturally wended their way in tbe direction of the shed where The Lawyer was undergoing hia toilet under the carefnl supervision of his owner. From the time he arrived here Mr. Crozler bad been pjerfeotly open in advising every body that in this gelding he possessed the winner of the Adelaide Cup, and after Slug gard's withdrawal The Lawyer was eagerly backed at even money. When strippsd the favourite fulfilled expectations. He is a rare-Bhaped gelding, with plenty of siza and length, and bore evidence of having done a good preparation. The other candidates were a very mixed lot. No fault could be found with Bachelor on the score of con dition, but in appearance he ia a com moner, and not to be compared to either Stanley or Harbinger, who were turned out in capital condition. The cheenut had lost caste during the last few days owing to Harbinger having beaten him in a gallop, but at the post both had backers, although tue bay was in more demand than his com panion. Aldivalloch held hia own with any thing in the race as far as looks were con cerned, but a six weeks stoppage ia his woik had prevented Toihill from winding him up, and his party were not at all sweet on his chance. Contest, by Darriffell from Bivalry. is a nice mare, although rather weak across the couplings, and her day may come ; but she is not forward enough to win Uups just now, and no one but Mr. Ferry imagined that Speculation had the least chance. John Hill could hardly have hoped that another Cup waa to go to St. Leonard's by the aid of tbe neat little Enterprise, and Tareena's only chance was in the race being run at a slow pace, bo as to enable her to utilise her daBh in a run hpme. Mr. Wigley had the lot at the post in good time, but the task of starting them was not effected without some difficulty. Directly they took their places Bachelor began to caper about, aud hia temper was not improved by Tareena lashing out and Ending him one or two in the ribs. These fractious Bteeds were both held at the pest, and when the flag went down Bachelor hung a bit and then cannoned against Taieena. Coming to the Stand Harbinger was making play just clear of Contest and Lawyer, but when they got round the turn Bachelor had joined Har binger, and the pair were cutting out the work at a pace which had already settled Speculation's chance, the old fellow tailing off from the jump and starting to kick when his youthful pilot endeavoured to improve his pace. At the mile post Harbinger slipped away from Bachelor, and led along the baok at a cracking pace. At one time he must have been fully eight lengths in front of Bachelor, with the favourite third, and the others strung out at long intervals. Until five furlongs from home the fielders thought they had a chance, bo well was Harbinger going, but between here and the beginning of the rails The Lawyer moved towards the front, and then it was all over, aa he caught the runaway before entering the straight, and striding along at his ease won with plenty in hand by three lengths. Stanley passed the others in the straight, and finished a very bad third. The time was fast considering the day, and the winner Bhowed himself far superior to the rest of the field. The Lawyer waa loudly cheered upon returning to weigh, and Mr. Crozier must not only be congratulated upon having won his first Adelaide Cup, but also upon the fact that be bred and trained the winner himself. There were several fair winners over the race, but Mr. Crozler with £800 has probably done better than any one else who backed The Lawyer. The Nursery Handicap, which followed, was set down as a good thing for Adventurous, and so it proved, Mr. James' fine mare catohing Lady Superior before the distance, and winning in a canter by half a length. SJx obeyed the summons to weigh for the Selling Steeplechase, and on paper this looked a good thing for old Sweep. Six furlongs from home Lass, who was next in demand, came to the front with the race to all appearance won, but direotly ehe jumped the second of the double the boy appeared to pull her up. This left Clifton and Sweep to go on in trout, but before the last fenoe Crusader passed them, and won by three lengths. Sweep's defeat by Crusader and Clifton was rather a facer for those who follow publio form, but still there was nothing in the running to suggest anything further than that O'Leary was not strong, enough to ride the horse home. Poor Lass's exhibition, on the contrary, was so glaring that her rider was liberally booted as he returned to the weighing yard. Burns was at once invited to interview the Stewards. He told these gentlemen that the rings of the martingale had caught in the mare's bit, and this accounted for her stop ping. Several other jockeys corroborated this stoxy, which the Stewards believed, and BurnB was dismissed, The Fisher Stakes, which wound up the proceedings, saw another field of six go to the post. Dick Swiveller with all his weight was an odds on chance, but he had not the ghost of a show with Britannia, who made every post a winning post, and beat Viator comfortably by three lengths. Taken all round the arrangements were very good, but before another Cup is run we trust Borne accommoda tion will be provided for the Press. During the day £6,973 went through the totalizator, the particulars being :— Hurdle Bace, Sluggard, .171; Banker, 103; Star, 29; Young Agent, 60; Richmond, 237; Simpleton, 10; total, £613; dividend, £3 6b. Selling Kace - My Ideal, 248; Maude, 48 ; victor, 70 ; Wattle, 96 ; Tory Boy, 243 ;' Socialist, 69; total, 768; dividend, £7. ~8s. Adelaide Cup— Stanley, 126; Aldivalloch, 111; Harbinger, 283 : Tareena, 101; The -Lawyer; 1,028 ; Bachelor, 283; Contest,' 56; Enterprise. 16; Speculation, ? 28 ; total, £2,032; dividend, £1 16s. Nursery Handicap— Adventurous, BRfii 'PiTst Romtia. 231; L&cfv; Snnerinr. 97: xne j« lower, eu; sotai, £i,uo4; amaena, £1 10s. Selling Steeplechase— Poor Lass, 255 ; Clifton, 50; Crusader, 82 ; Pioneer, 26 ; Outsider, 185; Sweep, 500; total, £1,098; dividend, £12 7e. The Fisher Stakes— Diok Swiveller, 720; Viator, 180 : General Sara field, 73; Britcmarte, 69; Britannia, S01; Anaelmo, 64; total, £1,398; dividend, £4 5s. SECOND. HUEDLE BACE. A handicap Bweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for acceptors, with 100 sovf. added. Second hone to receive 20 bovb. from the stake, and the third horse to save Btake. About two miles. Mr. W. E, Wilson's bkg. Sluggard, by WUd Eagle, aged, 13 Bt. 12 IB. (T. Wilson) ? ? 1 Mr. J. Crowe's b.g. Banker, aged, 12 at, . 121b.fNeale) ... .„ ? 2 Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Simpleton, 3 yrs., 9 st. (O'Leary) ... ? ... 3 Mr. W. Robertson's ah. Young Agent, 5 yrs., 10 at. 7 lb. (McGregor) Mr. D. Fitzroy'a b,g. Richmond, aged, 9 Bt. 121b. (Bolger)7 When the word was given Star and Simpleton were the first to show, but Banker soon ran to the front and led the other two four lengths over the first hurdle.' Young Agent being fourth with Kiohmona and Sluggard bringing up the rear. At the turn Banker was etill in front from Simpleton and Young Agent, but as they came to the Stand Richmond, who was jumping aa well aa anything, left Sluggard ana drew into third place. At the jump in front of the Stand Banker led Simpleton four lengths, and Richmond slipped down on landing. Banker went on from Simpleton, Star, eid Young Agent, to Elder's, with Sluggard atil' in the rear, bat at the back, where Banker led by ei'ht Ientths, Sluggard went up anC passed Young A°ent and Star, and at the eix-furloDg post uo had taken second plaoe. Here Star fell, and aa they raced along tha i borne stretch Slukkard .'gradually gained on Banker, 'the two beJri^ right away from the Seld. Rounding the turn Sluggard took ! command, aad Backer ; being thoroughly -? gjran out .the- top weight came on at his eave and won by ten length?. Simpleton was a veiy bad third and Young Agent fourth. Time, 4 rain. 6& eec. K0V£L HANDICAP SELLING BACK, Of 60 bovb. Fi?Bfar!oDgs.f - Mr. John Pile's br.jr. Wattle, by Tregeagte, 5jre. (£1), 7fit.8 lb. (Fastg) ... ... 1 Mr. J. HatweU'a c g. Victor, 5 yrs. (£1) 7 st. 10 lb. (Hughes) ? ... 2 Mr. J. Harwell's b.g. Tory Boy, aged (£1) 7 8t. 7 lb. (Petrie) ... : ... ... ... S tor. H. Goldfinch's bk. or br.m. My Ideal, aged (£10), 9 Bt. (Qain). Mr. D. Fitzroy'a b.n?. Maude, aged (£1) 8Bt.21b. (Forrest); ? Mr. S. Ferry's eg. Sochlinfc, 2 yra. (£1) 6at. 7 lb. (Master Ferry).' After a little d*lsy trie flag dropped to a good stair. The fiist to begin were Tory Boy and U; Ideal, tha former at. once taKing the lead irom My Ideal, with Victor and Socialist Dext, Maude and Watile beirg last. Tory Boy out out the work past the balf- mile post, ba'« racing alon^ the rfails My Ideal was closing on him, and both Victor and Wattle were making up their ground. Tory Boy held his own to the dis tance, bnt at tfceLecer Stand Mr. HatweR'a pair My Ideal and Wattle were all abreast, after which Wattie drew oat aud won by searly. two lengths: from Victor, who « as half a length in front of Tory Boy, with My Ideal a very close fourth, Socialist fifth, aod Maude last. Time, 1 min. 8£ sec. The wipcer was bought by Mr. Harrison for .21 guineas. ?? - ? ' ? ?.?'-? ?-?? ? \- ' IKS ADELAIDE CUP. ???'?? A handicap sweepstake of 10 sovs; eich, with 5C0 bovf. added1; the second ho;ae to receive 100 sovb. ; and the third to receive 50 bovb; from the etake. One mile ani five furlongs. -; ? Mr. J. Crczier'a bnpr. The Lawyer, by Savanaka— Eileen, 3 jib., 7 st 101b.,= including 1 lb. over (Tomlin) ... . ? ... 1 Mr. 6. Reichan'a b.h. Harbinger, 5 yrs,, : 7 Bt. 12 lb. (Nelson) ... ... ... ... 2 Mr. G. Beichan's e.g. -Stanley, aged,' 9 Bt, (H. Brown) ... .;....?:..- ... S Mr. H. a TothUl ne. b,c. AldivsJlocb, 3 yre., 8 at. 7 lb. (Qoinn). ? Mr. W. Bobertson s cm. Tareena, 4 yrfl,, 7 at, 10 lb. (Power). -...?:? Mr. E. C. fladdrlck'a bk. or br.g. Bachelor, 4 yrs., 7 at. 7 lb. (Petrie). Mr. J. File's b.f. Contest, S yra., 6 at. 121b. (Hughes). '? Mr. A, Brownlle's g.g. Enterprise, 3 yra,, 6 at. 12 lb. (Stennett). Mr. Seth Ferry's b.g. Speculation, 6 yrs., 6 at. 7 lb. (Master Ferry). Betting— 6 to 4 ou The Lawyer, 4 to 1 each agst. Harbinger and Bachelor, 6 to 1 Stanley. Mr. Wigley had a deal of trouble with the field at the post owing to the fraoticusness of Bachelor and Tareena. At last the word waa given to a fair start, the first to move being Harbinger, Contest, and The Lawyer on the rails. Bachelor, who was interfered with, quickly running past the rearmost division on the outside. When the Stand was reached Harbinger held a clear lead of Contest, with Bachelor and The Lawyer next, and then Stanley, Tareeua, Enterprise, ani Aldival locb, with Speculation last. Bounding the turn Harbinger was joined by Bachelor, with Lawyer four leDgtha off, and heading Contest and Tareena, while Stanley had dropped back next to Speculation. At the milepoBt Harbinger was two lengths in front, Bachelor being four lengths a^ay from The Lawyer, with Tareena, Contest, Aldi vallccb, and Stanley well together. Harbinger bad increased bis advantage to eizhc lengthB opposite the Stand, Bachelor being half that distance in front of Lawyer, with Contest, Tareens, and Enterprise well together, while Stanley and Aldivailoch were last, with the exception of Speculation, who was distanced already. Passing the six-furlong poet Bichelor had drawn a little nearer the leader, and Lawyer waa also closing up, but the rest of the field were in trouble. Passing the Pigeon-shooting Grounds Harbinger's lead had been further reduced, and Lawyer was creeping up with Tareena, Stanley, and Enterprise following. At the half- mile poBt the Lawyer ran past Bachelor, and went on second to the beginning of the rails, where he caught Harbinger, and leading into the straight with the race in hand he drew away at ibis leisure, and won by three lengths. Stanley was third, quite ten lengths from the second, and then came Enterprise, Bachelor, Tareena. ATdivallooh, and Contest at-d Speculation walking in last. Time, 2 min. 56| ae c. ? WIKKERS OF THE ADELAIDE CUP. ? YrTj Owner. Winner. Eider! |Wgt Tm.* ? ? ' st. lblm. 8. 1864 P. Dowling Falcon .. Morrison . . 10 . 1 3 50} 1865 J. C. James Ebor . . D.Fomrtain 10 1 3 55} 1866 E. M. Bagot Cowra .. G. Stevens 8 7 3 50 lS67E.M.BagotCowia .. W.Simpson 9 6 3 551 1SCS T. J. Eyan Cupbearer H. Tothill 8 4 3 46J 1869 W. Lang .. Norma ..Southwell 7 0i3 47 1872 E. Holland Australian Back .. S. Davis .. 7 03 51 1S73W. IHgate Dolphin ..H.Grubb.. 8 53 49 1874 W. Gerrard 4 c e of Trumps .. T. Hales .. 7 133 44 1875 J. Watt .. Lnrline .. G.Donnelly 9 13 41 1876 G. Bennett Impudence J. Kilduff 6 23 37J 1877 S. Gardiner Aldinga .. T. Hales.. 7 33 63 1878 W. F ilgate Glenormis ton ..G. Williams 7 4 3 43 1879 R. B. Smith Banter . . J. Kilduff 6 12 3 35 1880 W. Pile First Water Boase .. 7 28 39. 1881 S. Barnard Totalizator Boase .. 6 7 3 37 18S2 H. Haines Euclid .. M. O'Brien 7 43 861 1SS3 B. Weeks .. Sting .. Williams 8 93 35? ? '84 J. O. Inglis Malua .. C. Ivemy .. 9 0 2 55} 18SS S. W. Ellis LordWiTtoD Sanders .. 7 0 2 63 ISSt J. Crozier.. The Lawyer romlin .. 7 10 2 56j ~* Distance altered to one mile and tire furlongs. NTJRSEBY HANDICAP, Of 75 eovb. added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovb. each for acceptors. Second hone 10 sovb. from the stake. For two-year- olds, Five furlongs. Mr. D. James's br.f. Adventaroui, by Richmond— Mies Heslop, 9 Bt. (Qain) ... 1 Mr. E. a Naylor'd b.f. Lady Saperior, 7 ' st 9 lb. (Pagg) ... ? 2 Mr. F. W. Allen's First Bomba, 7st 10 lb. (Petrie)... ... ? .,. 3 Mr. T. F. Wigley'B bx.f. The Flower. 7 st. 71b. (Nelson). l At the second attempt they got off well together, with the exception of The Flower, who was left three or four lengths. Bimba and Lady Superior came on together, Adven turous dropping behind Flower to the raile, where she moved into third place, and followed Bomba and Lady Superior into the straight. Bomba was tbe first beaten, and AdventureBB joining Lady Superior at the distance, she smothered her at once, aud won in a canter by half a length. Bomba wes ten lengths off third, and The Flower last. Time, 1 min. 6$ eec. SELLING STEEPLECHASE. A handicap of 60 sovs. Winner to be told by auction for £40, 7 lb. allowed for every £20 reduction in Belling price, which mast be declared when accepting. Winner exempt from penalties at this meeting, About tiro miles. Mr. H. B. TothUTa b.g. Crusader, by Crusader, aged (£20), 10 at. 7 lb. (Towers) .„ ? ... ? 1 Mr. O. Aiken'B b.g. Clifton, aged (£10) : lOst. 9 lb. (Foreat).... ? 2 Mr. S. Ferry's bk.g, Sweep, aged (nil), 10 Bt. (O'Leary) ? ... 3 Mr. E. Warne's br.m. Poor Lass, aged (£40). 12 Bt.-M. Burns). Mr. W. C. Lyon's b. fir. Pioneer, aged (£40). 10 Bt. 7 lb. (McGregor). Mr. John Deeney's eg. Outsider, aged (£40). 10 Bt. 7 lb. (T. Kain). HOutsider led over, the first fence from Clifton and Sweep, the others following in close order.l and they kept there placaa to the Stand, where Sweep and Clifton together were leading .Outsider, with Pioneer, Crusader, and Poor Lass in the order named. At Elders' Clifton was in front from Sweep and Outsider, with Poor LasB next, and when the second of the double web reached Poor Lasa and Clifton were the leaders, with Sweep and Crusader next. After this Poor Lass stopped, and Clifton went on from Sweep, but at tho half mile post Crusader went to the front, and getting safely over the last feace he won by three lengths from Clifton, who beat Sweep by a head for second place, Poor LasB coming in fourth. Time, 5 min. 39 Bee. THE FISHEB STAKES. A handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each for acceptors, with 100 sovs. added, Seoond hone to receive 20 bovb. from the stake. For three-year-olds and upwards. One mile and a quarter. ? ' Mr. W. a Lyon's b.m. Britannia, by the Englishman — Minerva, 4 yrs., 7st.. (in cluding 4 lb. over), (Petrie) ... ' ... 1 Mr. J. Robertson's bk.h. Viator, 4 yrs., ' 7 st. 81b. (Tomlin) .. ... f ... ? ... 2 Messrs. Husband & Nioholla's b,h. Dick Swiveller, 4 yrs., 10 at. 4 lb. (Mr Nicholls) ? ...... 3 Mr. J. Deeney's b.b. General Sarafield. '4 4 yra., 7fit 5 lb. (Hughes). ? - Mr. 'W. KobertBon'a b.m.- Britomarte. 5 yr». 7 at 2 lb. (Moffatt). ?.??-- - Mr. W. Whiteman's b.h, Anselmo, 6 yra. or aged, 6 st. 10 lb. (including 3 lb. over) (Toogood). Betting— 6 to 4 on Dick Swiveller, 3 to 1 ager. Britannia, 4 to 1 agst. Viator. When the word was given Britannia and General Sarsfield were firat off, Viator and Dick Swiyeller following, with Anselmo last. At the milepoat Britannia was well dear of her followers, Sarsfield and Swiveller run n:ng together, with Viator next, both Brito marte and Anselmo being 'outpaced from the jump. Along the back Britannia increased her lead to half a dozen lengths from Sarefield and Swivelier, bnt after passing the Pigeon Tower Viator took second plaoe and went in lursuit of Britannia, but he could never catch the mare, who held her own to tha end and won by tbre* lengths. Diok Siriveller was six lengths away Burd, with Britonnrte. BarBfield, srid ADBefmb u named. Time. 2 mlril2Br-y. : 