THE TRAGEDY. Qu.equo ipse misorrima vidi.--Ymol. CATErIareNcE of Cleves was a Lady of rank: She had laud and finue houses, and cash in the Bank; She had jewels and rings, And a thousand smart thing; ; . Was lurely and young, With n rathir sharp tongue, "And she weldded a Noble of high degree With the star of the order of. S. Esprit; . But the Duke de Guise. Was,. by. many degrees, Her- seuior1 and not very easy to pleje i . He'd a sneer on his lip, and a scowl with hi3 eye, And a frown on his brow-and lhe look'd like a Guy, So she took to iutriguing With Monsieur St. Megrin, A young man of IasLion, and figure, and worth, But with no great pretensions .to fottune or birth ; He would sing, fence, and dance, With the best luan in France, And took his rappee nith genteel noncltalance: He smiled, and he tattei'd;:and flirted-with case, And was very- superior to lMoaeegnteur -de Guise..; Now- Monsieur SL ;fegin was.. curious to know If the Lady approved of is'piasion,o?no ; So without more ado, He put onu his sur tottf, And went to a man with a beard like a Jew. One Signor Ruggierf, A Cunning-man Could conijurettll fortune',? and calc-ulate tides, Perform tricks on the cA dq, - ;. He1iatAR knows what besdee, Bring back a stray'd conw. 'il~er-l.dl, .or spoon?, And was thought to be thick with the Muta -i the Moon. - The Sage took his stand -With hid wand-in his hand, Drew a circle, then gave the dread word of commnand, Saying solemnly-" Prce?o! - Hey, quick-! Cock-a-lorntut I " When the Duchess immediately popp'd up before 'em. Just then a conjunction of Venus and Mars, Or something peculiar above in the starr, Attracted the notice of Signor iRuggieri, Who "bolted," and left him alone with his deary. Monsieur St. Megrih went down on his knees, And the Duchess shed tears largo as mar row-fat peas, When-fupncy the shock-- -A loud double kunock, - Made the Lady cry, "Get up, you foul! there's Do Guise! " 'Twas .bi Gracet' ure enough; So Mon sieur, looking ltuff Strutted by, with his hat On, and fingeringhil ruff While, unseen by either, away flew the Dame Through the opplsite key-hole, the same:way she came; But, alack I ard ales ! A mishap came to In her hurry she, somelioiw or other, let fall A new silk Baanana shbo.d worn as a shawl ; She hotd used it for drying Her bright eyes " while crying, . . And blowing her. nose, as her Beau talk'd of -dying I- r. Now the Dke, who had seen it 66lately adorn i. her, And knew the great C vitlhthe Crown in the -r.: , corner-i_ ;. Y .,: - o }.r " The anstant the 'pie~ oit emol cd sonterthlng And aitd, with ;noo?eenergy,.; D 't It Iwhst'sl th mh n H)is ' SoFwent home :ion a rnfme, ~u bouiced; 'o -into her room,: ".-'-', . Crying,: "S , MSadam, I find 1'de nome matei, to be jealoust;:: :'; ':;:' " .Look here Ic her's- a .proof you run:after the f-, ellowsl :.-: . - - . -Now take up that penid r iftesbad c lene a hotter And write, as I dictate, this momenit'aletter' " DTo eiuisuTr yotukoow r hi l The Ladiy tIdlked blue But 'replied with much firmseas " Hanng me * - le Guisegreoped leer wrist 'wth it great And inchl'l it,and gave itr:so paindfula: twist, That his hard, iron gauntlet the flesh ent an -She did not miud death, but she could not ettitod'ptnchieg, So she sat d iwn tand'otThid prt is letttle Dear -Mistera St. Megron Thei p iefe:of. the League in Our house mean to dine ".This evenng'at. men. • . . - :· : ? : -- And you'll find me upotairs an heo drawings room thenn .... . " Come up tho'backb why or these impudent thievesa'::; Of. serantas ?la 1 see yuour, Yao CAreTuene nOF CLr?-?". " f Sho direeteCasd sealed it, all pale s a ghost, And Deo-~iunp.utitol the Taopehieny Psat; sf t. Mnegr iad hlmsst umped??i- onut of his kin ur joy. that day when the pest'came in ; _"He -read the note through, Then began it anew, And thought it almost too good news to be t true. "He elapp'd on his' bat And a hood over that, d With a cclhak to dasguito him, and make him look fat So great bi impatience, from half afniter four, lHe was waiting till Ten at Do Guise's back When he hleard the great clock of St'Qene es chve-ime .-, . ....:. MHe ran up-the back staircase aix steps at a time; "He had scarce made his bow, He hardly ,knew how, When alas I end alack I There was no getting ack, For the drawing-room door was bang'd to with a whack ; . - - ::In vain ho aprplied To tlhe handle and tried, Somebody or othter had locked it oitoide !- And-the Duches in agony mourned her mats. "We are caught lioe a couple of ats ain a trip." . Neow the Ducheo's Page, A out twelve J: -eors of age,: -.' :. = .. For so little a h0trseen reosorkablybo ;.. ag ; And just in the nbick,to their joy and amaze men...; Pdpp'd hie G.is d lghtkls ladoder dlme undera" lthe casement, -Bit all svuld not do--Thoug Stoegrin Sgot through t The ?ri.dowL below sutoed Di u'tissend buo And thogh o never mar was nmore bi-ant than St. Ioegrin, Yet fighting a score is extremely fatigdiog:; He thrust carte and tifter. Uncomumonily fierce, But not lelzebub's sell could their cuirasees pierce; - - While his doublet and hose, ". Being sholiday clot beez, Were soou cut through and through from his knees to his nose ; Still an old crooked sipenc the Conjuror gave him, From itstol nod sword was nuffilient to nave him ; Biut when beat on his kuee., That con founded De Guise Came behind withe ike fcgle " that caused al this bree, - - d Whlipp'd it tight rotted his neck, and when batekwrd h'd jerk'd tim, The rest of the reascals juep'd on him antL Biika d him. The poir little Page, too, himself got no quarter, bit ails erned the samo way, Aud was found Sthe neatd - day Witeh iis heels in the air, and his head in the waeer-butt; Catherine of Cloves or-ar'd "-urder " and "Thiees I" From the window above While they mur derd her love ; Till, fiodiug the rogues had accomplhhed his slatghter, She dranlk Pruoesic acid without any water, And died like a Duke-and-a.Duchea's dau'- * terl " dnl atonaL. Take warning, ye fair, from theis teale of the "Brd's,r" And don't go wheret fortunes are told on the cards ! But ater clear of Coinjurors-never put query To "WietIo Mrs. Williams," or folks like Buggieri. When alonsa in your room shut the door csoee and locki it . Above sll-wtle Tu toeur tADKsncnHeF sArE Iat TnOU POCKoET Leost you too should ntumble, and Lord Leve eon Gower, he Be eail'd on-.ad poel-t6o tell- your cad cthry ! Toce safe conservatims Which nerermoeson lent it fail, I abhor; -it- is the dry-rot in the church, and my heart goes out to the man who never tolerated it inc his baucohations. Safe ,eonser-atism would hane left the apostles in ralelaene, . -- ". " - . 