CHAPTER XVII. A WHITE LEE. J Tho Earl of Strathspoy hold his word as sacred as his bond ; nevertheless ho told, what, in polito parlance, would bo called a white lio, when ho avowed his intention of making a run down to Lon on. And whito Iio3 nro about as dis astrous in their results ns black ones, for if tho earl 1 ad not indulged iu this one, ho would have spared himself many a day of bitter agony. ' Sinco that afternoon, whon, as he galloped over tho Tyrol, on his return from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion Hashed across his mind, Lord Strathspoy had not known ono hour of rest. Ho possessed just tho temperaturo to seizo upon a silly suspicion, aud magnify it, and brood over it, till it grow into a torturing reality. Tho sudden fancy that struck liini, was that tho littlo flaxen-haired boy, with a faco bo wondrously liko Lady Pearl's, was his wife's child. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this gifted poor that tho boy might bo his child , and tho one who boro his namo, ana was to bo his heir, might bo an impostor. No such dream over entered his mind ; he fully believed that his own babo, marked with tho Bcarlet cross, as some of tho male Strathspeys had been beforo him, had been restored to him ; yet ho harbored tho foolish sus picion that the littlo Tyrol lad, whose facc haunted liiiu day and night, might be the eh'dd of his countoss. He, hcrhusband, 'thus dishonored her by a slanderous sus picion, yet if any living boiug had dared to utter such a thing in his hearing ho would havo struck him dead at his feet. Once in his mind, tho faucy haunted him liko a liend. Ilow olse could ho ac count for his wtfo'a visit to tho cottage, for hor strange conduct, and above all her obstinacy iu refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression ? At last tho poor man's torturo grow to bo unbearable, and ho determined to go back to tho Tyrol and solve tho mystery. Ho would find somo way, either through foar or bribory, to force the secrot from tho glib-tongucd old woman; and ho would seo tho child again, and judge by its ago and appearanco whethorhis terrible suspicions woro true or falso. Accordingly, lie mado his arrangomonts, and uttered his white lio about his run down to London. But instoud of going to tho metropolis, lio went straight to Dover Harbor, and crossrd tho Channel by tho first steamer, littlo droamlng that tho very next ono would bring his wifo over. From Calais ho started diroct for tho valley of tho Rhotian Alps ; but mid way, at a little waysido inn, ho fell ill. His constitution was like iron, butitsank boneath tho incessant mental torturo ho had endured within tho last fow weeks ; and. for two nights ho lay prostrate, scorched with fovor. In his dolirious, midnight dreams, lio began to think of death, death far from homo, and wifo,' and children; doath, with this hideous, sus picion in his soul. His wife's face, sweet, and pure, and reproachful,' ioso up before i him,, and he awoke to the bitter wrong he was doing hor, and determined to return to England, and fovovor givo.ovor his nh suid illusion. But tho moment the fever abated he (ottered to his feot, aud all his old, tortur ing fears roturnod with doublo forco. Ho could not go back ; ho must know tho truth, or ho should go mad. So, in opposition to the entreaties of tho surgeon who attended him, ho started oAV whito ns a ghost, and only able to koep on his feet. ? *-v . ? Tho September sun hung low in tho purplo sky, and all tho grand eld Swilzor peaks glittered with his doparting glory, on tho afternoon (whon Lady Strathspoy reached tho Tyrol valley. Colonel Vor ney had sont a dispatch from Calais to Paris, and Teaming that his friend was something hotter, ho accompanied her. At a small publrc-houso, at no great distance from tho shepherd's cottage, he hired a carriago and drove across the smiling green valloy. Divining with the intuitivo instinct of a gentleman, that tho poor mother would sooner seek hor child alone, ho put her out at tho edge ot tho little coppico, and avowed his de termination to remain there with tho carriago until she should return. Lady Strathspoy walked briskly over the short spaeo that intervened between tho coppice and tho cottage, her heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a fow moments sho would know tho truth, and ascertain whether thoro was any proof of which hor child might bo reclaimod and reinstated. Tho sun dipped low abovo tho western seas, tho Alpino summits gleamed and glittered in their eternal whiteness ; a miusled melody of tinkling bolls and low ing herds floated on tho balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious oven of her glorious surroundings, the countess hurried on. Half way across the slope of meadow land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, and just beforo her, clustered upon tho velvot sward, beneath a giant oak, sho beheld a young kid, all garlanded with wild-wood blossoms, an immense | Alpine sheep-dog, nnd a littlo boy in a I scarlot smock and plumed cap. Tho little ; follow was sitting astride tho dog's back, j dipping his curly head, and shouting with : childish glee, while the great, grim animal I laj*, with his nose resting on his paws in | the afternoon sunshino, as if ho enjoyed | tho sport. L'idy Strathspoy stood still a moment, gazing on tho lovely pastoral picture, tho tears stri aming over her wan cheeks. At last she drew near. The dog raised his pointed ears, and uttered a hoarse growl. The countess paused in terror, but the boy's quick eyes had spied her. 'Down, Tiger,' ho cried, plaiting his brown, chubby foot on the animal's head, and the dog obeyed. 44 Como on,' ho continued ; ' hiui won't bito oo, him only bites do bad foxes.'* Lady Strathspoy approached, and held out her hand. 'Have you forgotten mc, Rommio?' 3he asked. 'No, ineed, I knows 09 — 00 corned with other lady, long, long ago. Dat's pry kid, Molly's kid ; granmudder « : y3 it's my brudder— ain't it nice'i' ho replied, giving her one littlo hand, and pointing tho other toward the kid, which was cropping tho ? green grass-blades a yard or two away. She tried to answer, but her voico failed,; the littlo prattling voice thrilled her to the heart'3 core. 44 Oh, my darling, my darling !' sho sobbed, catching tho child in her anus, and covering his faco and hair with pas sionate kisses. Ho struggled from her arms, looking up with wide, wondering eyes. 44 What do mako 00 always ley?' he questioned, a Iriflo impatiently; -4Itouimio don't liko folks to ky.' 44 Don't you, darling?' said the countess, restraining her tears ; 44 then I'll not cry any more, for I want you to like 1110. Don't you like me, Komuiic V' 44 Oh, yes, Rommio likos o:-, an' he likes granmudder, au' granpap, an' Molly, lots end lots.' ' Who is Molly 44 Molly's my goat — my mammy goat — don't 00 want 'o seo her '{' 44 Not now ; I'll see her by and by ; sit hero by me, and lee us talk a little bit. Where's grandmother 'f ' 44 Tooking supper. Wo's doing to havo tustard pic— ou want some?' Lady Strathspey nodded, and took his littlo rouud right arm in her hands, with a beating heart, almost fearing to look for tho birth-mark, yet feeliug suro itwa3 thero. 44 Won't you let mo seo your pretty arm ?' she asked. 4J Yes, indeed ! Does 00 want to seo niy pretty koss, too ? — look a there now !' ho cried, pushing up tho loose sleevo of his smock, Thoro it was ! Tho Strathspey birth mark, tho scarlot cro3s, deep aud vivid beneath tho white, transparent skin ! For an instant tho sunlight peaks, and all tho green valley, swam boforo tho poor mother's eyes, but by a mighty effort sho controlled herself. 44 Little Rommio,' she said, solemnly clasping tho boy closu to her heart, 'you aro my own child, and as suro as I live, aud Heaven holp3 me, jou shall bj your father's heir. 