TEEPEiaTBINetEfAliES: — , . — : The ostensible reason for calling Parlia ment together, prior to immediately adjourning for two months, was to test the strength of parties by the election of a> Speaker. This is altogether too thin. It was well-known that there was -hut one candidate, and' that . the Hon. M. H. Davies would be, as he was, elected unanimously . The . real reason, as evervone knows, and — — 7 - ' believes, was to set members' salaries running with unseemly haste as soon as possible. The incident recalls to me the remarks of the prize fighter in Robertson's comedy of ' i Society," when the brnlsei advises one of the characters not to bet upon an approach ing " mill." "Don't putt a mag on it, sir," says the boxer. " The Putney Chicken is a man as 'ud sell Ms own mother — he sold me once, which is nun's P' The members by their action have acted unpatriotically to the country, which is bad enough — but they have acted u-ms to us journalists who consider ourselves the salt of the earth and the pepperers of politicians. Why should we for two months be cheated of our prey ? Why should we be forced for eight weeks to refrain, from our pleasure and our profit of holding up erring members of Parliament tofpublic ridicule, odium and contempt ? Mem bers were very careful about securing their salaries, but what about ours? Are we, the "hireling scribes of a venal press" to put in two months in the Benevolent Asylum or Immigrants Home, whilst members take their ease and draw their salaries for work and labour not done and for value not re ceived? I ask these questions, and I xanse for reply. I presume I shall he left pausing for the next six weeks. But no matter — the time will come, — andjthen ! Ah ! then shall we not dip deep our pens in gall and scarify the men who have dared to take two months n _ CS bread out ot our mourns r The terrible fire which on Easter Monday completely destroyed the pretty Bijou Theatre again calls attention to the fact that, for some reason or other, the usual fate of a place of public amusement is to be destroyed by fire. TMs being the case, one would think that in building a1 theatre the proprietors would seek to have all the fittings of material that was not inflammable. No, builders of theatres quite recognise the great liability of other such structures to destruc- ! tion by fire — but not theirs — jusfcas men think all men mortal but themselves. Fortunately the Bijoii fire did not take place at night. If it had the loss of life down those winding staircases would have beau sometMng terrible. The boasted architectural skill of the nineteenth century ought to be able to devise, what does most certainly not exist at present, a jierfeetly safe theatre, either by building one that absolutely won't burn, or by devising a scheme of sliding doors or walls round the auditorium that would at will leave the sides wide open and permit the crowd, whether panic-stricken or not, to move in a solid mass at once. Ihe burn ing of a few theatres, with much loss of life, will cause a revolutiou to take place in tkeatresand they will be absolutely forbidden, or all dramatic performances will have to take place with the audience, as at Pain's " Sebastopol," in the open air. The hard luck experienced by Messrs. Brough and Boneicault has been lamentable. In the face of enormous difficulties they had won their spurs at management and given the play-going jmblic a succession of splendid comedies. Just as they had reached the pinnacle of safety and begun to reap the pecuniary benefit of their plucky labours, the fire takes place at their theatre, and in two hours they are poorer by something like . _ _ i! D..UU £10,00u. xnat was ameer. x>uu wic juuuj, managers have j>luck as well as energy and talent. They did not sit down and cry. Difficulty seems to have nerved them to greater efforts. On Monday afternoon the fire took place ; on Wednesday their company continued their Bijou season in the Hibernian-hall. For downright pluck and speed in facing their misfortunes this incident, I think, is entitled to rank as a "best on record." X do not vouch for the truth of the following story, even though it was told to me as true by one of the most brilliant liars in Melhonr-heTfA retiflawir nfemr Came down last-Saturday 'te enxl his Easter in- ike southern metropolis. - Asds fcoo often the cuktom wjtk countiymen who nniy ? tke Cit at ionijf intervals, he dill convert himself mto. a brewer's cask, or iqni Saturday night. On Sunday he kepfc up ius - - spree, Mthough, before heprovedtiieeontrory by his own experience, he was wider theHtLr pression that Sunday-tia||tig jras Victoria. He rose late on Monday shaky and unsteady, with bloodshot eyes auu - nerves that were as shattered > as a tradihg- ; politician's reputation. _ " streets, thinking A fever of. liis brow, and take the colour -from the whites of Ms . eyes. - But s iioj . He: had c ; ppt gone far with unsteady ' steps .-Jjefore£ he xjecegnised the lifiaarked him for its oWn, Wrfch a - .lieturned and fled into the nearest ' shop, |nd sitting down on a chair he panted glared around him like a himted thing: ? Ttc got em again." he'mdied, " I've I liad 'em before, but never isb bad as tk&. - Give me sometMng to cure 'em and drive 'ein away." ./ 1 : ... : The chemist, soothed hinf whilst, he mixed L him a draught -to steady his nives, and plbEfeantiy to his customer-of cafdinal-colouil shakes- and cockroaches "Oioss-barecd mth green and yellow. . '' I've got 'eai worse than that,'' groaned the countryman. " Yes, I know," said the chemist, w tigers with sky-blue wings, and bull-dogs with pink overcoats on, and vultures with feathers of fire." iS Worse, far worse," said the countryman, sinking Ms voice to a whisper. "Disembodied spirits — and many of 'em. As I came along the street Ijbhought I found myself face to face with an army — aye, an army — of pale- ; sheeted ghosts, that shook their hoary locks at me. and " " The Druid's precession was on to-day, didn't you know," said the chemist. The rest is silence ! The mention of Druids calls to my mind the faet that that body does its level best to encourage gambling in the same manner as that practised at the Temperance and other galas. A house and other valuable prizes are placed in a lottery, and every purchaser of a ticket of admission to the sports gets a chance in the gamble. Now, as a matter of faet, to thousands of persons tlie lottery is the attraction, and they buy tickets without the remotest intention, of going near the sports. In the advertisements the lottery is made one of the conspicuous features, if not the most conspicuous. All last week men were shouting themselves hoarse in Bour street trying to sell tickets to the passers-py, and at my house in the suburbs the otter day, a girl about ten or twelve years old called to know if I would buy any tickets f<Jr the Druids' Gala. All this is opehly CLOHC 111 it lux ill wiiere uic vmuauuai . aio prosecuted for carrying on a sixpenny lottery. It will be argued that these galas have sports as wellas a t'game" of chance; but the tobac conist who sold cigars as well as the odds was "raided" the other day. Let us be law breakers if we must, but don't let. 11$ be- - hypocrites as well. If Druid and Tem perance human nature is as bad as that of ; bookmaking tobacconists or Chinamen, let them let live as well as live, and for very shame sake keep their howling agents from our streets and their schoolgirls from our private residences. If they do not, perhaps the police will one of these days take it into their heads to "raid" these eminently respectable lottery-runners. The number of clever men in tMs world is large, but the number of meu who think themselves clever is immeasurably larger. There is a man in Melbourne at the present day who has been gifted by heaven with the supremely idiotic belief that he knows con siderably more than his fellow-men. Tiffs lunatic pius his faith to the rule that history is always repeating itself, and he forgets that there is no ruie wu»ouiu «ui; exoepuuu. For years he has noticed' ) at Easter is, like woman, a certain thing, hut represented _ by tffe algelbraic symbol a. He also noticed the holding of an encampiiient at Easter time : was an nriailing and reliable barometer— a weather-glass that pointed its rigid hand un waveringly to "Rain, and lots of it.'' On the strength of Ms experience he, last weer, bought a new overcoat and an umbrella, tma> further, he told Ms wife and family that would all spend their Easter Monday mdooif ) as " he didn't intend to catch cold for alltiie holidays or encampments that had erel been authorised." With a sigh, his wife and family meekly submitted to the decree of their household Jupiter. As you know, la|t Monday was one of the most gloriously eun#- days imaginable. All during the bright sunshine the wife of that gifted idiot's boflH& wi-w nn-ntteiuble reuroach at Mm. buthQ: lips gaveforth no complaint until tea-th, then she said in a low tone, but one that'had & world of suppressed invective in it f i 4 1 My dear, Mr. Elleryis getting on isn't he? "When he retires 1 should you ought to apply for the billet of weather- Ihe gifted idiot, who had not a $0 - say in reply, "was I. But Wien , ... .. . \ 