BETWEEN DRINKS. . This occurred Bp the Parramatta River the other day. A couple of giddy young things returning from a boating excursion found the tide far ont and a long stretoh of oozy black mud separating them from the homeward path. They Bat in tbe boat and SBked each other conundrums on the situation, and at last the bisrerer and stronger of the two rolled her skirts a ; high as her knees, fastened them with a piece of string, adjusted her 'bird cage' aw derricrc, and then got ont of the boat. 'Now dear,' she said to her companion, ' yon get on my back and I will carry yon up.'* The younger one began to object, but at length she mounted on her friend's, tack. The situation struck the rider as comical, and she began to laugh. The other girl, who was picking her steps care fully, begged her to be quiet, but tne more .she begged the moro the other laughed. At length both laughed louder and louder. The zider could hardly keep her seat on the swinging bird-cage, which served as a patent unbreakable saddle; the carrier lurched from side to eide, then forward, then \baokward— then k^rchaflk ! wallop ! splosh ! and the two girls were lying on their backB in the nice, soft, squashy, black mud, very nearly in hysterica. Then they got up and presented the appearance of a server-labourer after an eight hours' job. Their thin summer dresses were stuccoed with mud, and their hats ruined beyond redemption. -But there were no peeping Toms about, and; they slunk home in the gloaming. » # ? This may be a fairy tale, or a ghost story, but you can have it as we heard it. Lady Carrington, wife of His Excellency, . is said to be a demure little lady— at times —with a keen sense of humour. The other day a magnate from South Australia called at Government Houbb. He sent his card in, and waving the footman pside, said, ' He would go up and give his lordship a surprise.' At the top of the stairs he met a nice-looking young woman, and in a fine, old gentlemanly, gallant way chucked her under the chin, and pressed halfacrown into her hand, saying at the same time, ' Show me into the presence of Hi3 Lard ship, my little dear.' The little dear, with an enigmatical smile, opened the dooc of Lord Carrington* 8 study and said : ' Bob, here's a gentleman to see you, and,' opening her hand, ' he's given me half-a-crown to show him where you wete.' Imagine the feelings of the magnate when he found but that he h'ad chucked the chin of his lordship's wife. We haven't heard what became of the honorarium for the privilege. i ? ? Mrs. Snog gins runs an afternoon tea and evangelistic synposiom somewhere in the purlieus of Petersham. The pro gramme is run in the following order : — First, prayer; second/ a speech; third, tea and echnaok, i.e., chit-chat; fourth, a little sweep. The other afternoon the question of the Anglican Synod, w£ioh waB then Bitting and wrestlinf with the question as to whether it was better to take wine or whisky for the bingy's sake, came on the board, and who was to be the next primate. Just to make matters interesting Mrs. Snoggins suggested a little eweep. - A shilling one was got up, and a fair Bister drew his Lordship the BiBhop o£ Sydney, and though her chance was ridiculed sho held on, and eventually from the proceeds purchased a now improver with unbreakable springs. The other sisters glared and said several spiteEul things, notcontained in the revised edition. Things aro not so dull a3 they appaar with these religious pushes, and they like a eoft thing as much as a puntar does on a Carrington Handicap. ? ? ? He believed in the old saying, ' See a pin and piok it up, all the day you'll have good luck.' Whether the coiner of that easing thought there was rhyme hovering J about it ,or not, we're not certain. Tho other day a man saw a pin in front of the Post-office. ? He stooped down to clutch it, and his hat fell off and rolled into the gutter, where a dog rescued it and bit the nop in two. Tho man's braces burst, his collar split open at the 'stud holes, his false teeth fell out on the pavement, and were frnctured, and he wound up by bleed ing at the nose with the exertion. But -he picked up that pin. ' ? « ? De Boosey, who wbb out of sorts, -went and consulted a doctor, who looked at him in a grave, manner and said, ' Too much stimulant. Yon muBt swear off at once, or I won't answer for the consequences.,' Do Boosey got in a blue funk and went home. That same night his ' guv' was taken ill, and De B. flew oil for the same doctor, who waBn'n at home. But he found him at hiB club. He came out at once, and was ready to accompany him. 'By tho way,' he said, ' will you have a brandy and soda before you go?' ' Bat, doctor,' said De B., ' you said this morning — ' Pooh, boBh, my dear fellow, do drop the Bhop, it's after business hours now.' And they had the booze. ? ? * *. He was a olergyman who grafted in the vineyard and didn't mind looking upon the wine when it was of a oarmine or a I white hue, or for that matter the whisky when it waa tfeady or the beer when frothy. Tho other day he received an uq expeoted visit from his bishop, who was- a teetotaler, and had often delivered soporific lectures upon total abstinenoe. Tho clergyman took his superior for a drive through the streets of tha' up-oountry town, and en route was a3kod by. three different parishioners to 'pull up and have a booze.' He had to deoline in eaoh case, and the third man, who was annoyed, ?said sarcastically, '* Turning over a new leaf, eh? Following the lead of yeuc blooming old bishop P Come oh ' now and have a drink, that old ' geyser ' with you looks as ' it he hadn't had one for a blue 'moon.'* 'Exouao me,' said the old gojser, ' but I'm the blooming old bishop,1' m * * ?A voter who could not write, and would not trust tho presiding oificsr and the scrutineers, undertook at the list elections to vote without their help. Ho had be 'i told by hiB friends that all he had to 'do was to Btrike out the last th?ee names, so he concluded he knew all about it. On receiving hia ballot paper he retired 'behind the coreen, (turned liia pap» up litte down, Mwi'ttoQ etraok cat -what .friea appeared to him to be the last three names. He ran his pencil through the words 'Ballot paper,'* 'Electoral district of——,' and ' The — day of February, 1880,' then put his paper in the ballot box, and marched out, thinking he had done his duty to himself and hia harassed country. * ? * At the Queenscliffe (Vic.) Battery there is an officer at the head of affairs who, it would seem, has a mania for whitewash, to the disgust of the men. They have been ordered to splash on the white stuff on a red brick drain, and when the water ran over it of course it was washed off again. At length the men determined to give the colonel a pretty broad hint, so one day they went to work and white washed all. the great guns. . When the colonel went Jus round of inspection he gave a surprised look at the guns, but said nothing. The jokers were considerably disappointed at this indifference, ana determined to go to greater lengths. I happened that there was a favourite blaok crow about .the place, who used to hop around tamely enough. The jokers seized him and gave him a thorough coat o! whitewash, and next ' morning a3 the colonel went his rounds there was his crowship hopping at his heelB and ' qaar quaring.' The colonel gave a look ac the bird, bnt said nothing. 1 hey still white, wash at that battery and wish the stuff had never been invented, and that the colonel had remained in India, where he came from. 