The Private Secretary. The " Rev. Robert Spalding," sustained by a Bath bun and goloshes to match, will open a Bevival Dfission in the Gaiety Theatre to-morrow (Saturday) night, the subject of * bis discourse being" The Private Secretary." The rev. gentleman will be assisted in bis reformatory work by an earnest staff of deacons, acolytes, elders, and shocking examples, including such well knf.wn reformers and sinners as Frank Gates, Hans Phillips, J. G. Joyce, Charles Brown, E. C. Corlesse, and Mister M'Infcyre; together with a gentle sisterhood, embracing (who embraces f) amongst. others—Mies Annie Taylor, Ada Lee, Brenda Gibson and Emma Bronton. Monday next, 24tb insfc., will be a grand Vice Eega] Command night when the . penitents' stools will be honored by the presence of His Excellency the Governor and suite, Premier iMorehead, Sir S. W. Griffith, Mayor Galloway, and many another bright spark who succeeds in getting his gal away from home for the evening. On Saturday, 29lh June, the three-act farcical comedy," Mamma," will be played in Brisbane for the first time. "Sweet Lavender" will follow en twte, in clue course. Youthful Mather (to young lady standing near a ^certain stag# door not a hundred miles from Jllhabeth Street), Good afternoon, Miss. Will you come "for a -walk ? Town# Lady (after taking stock of Mm). What ! Take you for a walk, and be locked up for kidnapping! Not me. " Tea/' said old Green to the office boy, " Hamlet is a play for alL time. It will never give up the ghost." "Holloa/* said the genial one as the lunatic entered the office one afternoon, having been absent for some three hours, ''where the deuce have you been ?" "I have been attending a'protest meeting/' was the reply. u What protest meeting do you mean ?" demanded the genial, " there is no racing going on." "The protest at the Qpera house, of course," answered the lunatic, "there waaarehearsal on, and if that ain't a Pro test meeting I would like to know what is." " Has she a good voice ?" said the enterprising Williamson. " Has she had a musical education P Has she ever had any stage experience P Is she well educated P Is Bhe a lady Y? Then the haughty father replied, "I don't know muoh about that sort of thing, but the other day her little sister Sairey told me that she could sing 1 He's All Eight When You Knew Him' while she stood on her head, and I know that she can set the hotuvhand of my grandfather's clock all right by kioking of it." Then manager -Williamson clasped him to his heart, and cried. f Come to my bosom, my poor stricken dove!" And that evrtisie was taken on for a ten years' engagement at fifty pounds a week, two years in advance. 