A MARCH IN THE RAJX3. BY JESSIE FOTHERGILL. Author of "The First Violin," " Healet," "Kith and Kin," "From Moor Isles," kc. All Rights Reserved. Chapter X.— a Friend in Need. Going dowii Vno drive and out at tho priuoipal gato, Qcdrtoy saw a cluster of cottages by tho roadside. He repaired to ono of thorn, knocked at the door, and inquired of tho mistress of it if sho could tell him where the Manor was. where Mr. Barras lived. " It's a good step, if you're walking," replied the woman. " Three mile., good, I should say. Eh, yes, ivery one knaws where Mesther Barras lives. Ah s'ud fchiuk so." Then she pointed out to him the very same white rood on which ho had wandered last night in the moonlight, and he gathered that ho had to skirt the wood which he had thon entered, and that somewhere on the other side of that wood, far beyond Askley-bridge, and near a village of its own, he would find The Manor. ' Anyone, so his informant said, would tell him the road; and sne repeated her assertion that overyono knew Mr. Barras. He thanked her, and stepping out was soon on the road, past tho gato of the Moorside grounds, tho gate over which last night ho had clambered. The morning was a lovely one ; birds were singing, vegetation springing forth, sky and earth alike smiling and jocund. God frey could have enjoyed it intensely under other circumstances; but ever as he pursued his way the reflection pursued him — how mean and de basing it all was. As lias been intimated, ho was not garrulous in tho bosom of his family. Whatever might have been his natural dis position, he had never received much encourage ment to babble about himself, his inner thoughts aud doings. But he had his hopes, his aspi rations, and ideals for all that, which perhaps ho had cherished the moro faithfully on account of his 8iloncc about them. Oue of his fancies, when he had learnt that he was coming to Askley-bridgo, and ono with which he had greatcly pleased himself, had been that, though the appointment was in the country, far from tho basy hum of men, and removed from all the stimulus of example and competition which he loved, yet that it was perhaps a great oppor tunity for doing good in a quiet way ; for encouraging the toilworn and brain-weary ones who came to suoh places to rest and be thankful, to forget tho cares they had left behind them, aud to teach them how simplicity of life might help them along in their maroh through the world. "Plain living and high thinking." Some such ideal had been before him and he had hoped to fiud Dr. Burton one of his own way of looking at things, who would leave him in posses sion, perhaps, of many interesting data concer ning his work. And what had he found? he asked himself, walking rather faster In his excitement. A supine, self-indulgent creature, disposed to consult nothing but his own inclin ations, and to be malioious if lie were made un- comfortablo or stirred from his stagnation ; a set of women, vulgar or gossiping, who did not seam to have much the matter with thcra oxoept idleness and selfishness— unoombated selfishness — the most demoralising of dispositions. Tho establishment itself was suited to its guests, a place arranged with a view to attracting visitors and making money out of them ("and I sup pose, after all, that is its raison d'etre," he ad mitted to himself, with a smile), but with a lax administration, with corruption and inefficiency on every side. The patients whom he had so for seen wero maladcs imayinaires; their physician an ignorant quack. It was sickening. He was to be there for six months. The most quixotic per son would haidly advocate the initiation of sweeping reforms during that period, with tho eertaiuty that they would make him detested while he stayed, and would all be undone as soon as he should leave. Godfrey felt very much disheartened as he plodded along tbe road lead ing to the residence of Giles Barras, Esq. Generous youug souls detest meanness, lies and intrigues — they cannot see what purpose they serve, or imagine any enjoyment in tho practice of them. The more he rebooted on matters the more disgusted he grew with what he bad scon, and the more resolved that what ho hod said to Dr Burton should be his ultimatum ; if he were not within two days from now left with the placo to himself, he should lcavo it and return home.. As his walk progressed, tho fresh aud wild, and, to him, attractive character of the scenery became more and more apparent, and gradually dissipated his unpleasant thoughts— to the left sweep upon sweepof tbo wildest, barest moorland, and to the right over the delightful wood, which might for stillness and a certain quietly waiting atmosphero thero was about it have been tho . . enchanted forests in his sister Hilda's favourite Phantasies. More than onoo he had to cross a gurgling brown stream, ruuning down from the hills and making sweet music as it Strolled along Its pebbled bed, with summer song, into the wood, where it disappeared. At last, where the road, ever toiling gently upwards, made a sweep to the right, Godfrey found, on turning the corner, that the wood came to an end, and that there was a wall aud a gateway with an ancient iron gate, all in scrolls and twists of curious design, which, little ashekuew of such things, bo felt sure was both curioua and beautiful. It was certainly uncommon, when taken along with the two hoary, moss- grown 3 tone gate-posts, with shields letiutothem bearing ciphers, each post having a strango heraldic beast sitting atop of it, clasping another shield on which were coats of arms. This must without doubt be the entrance to Tho Mauor. The cottager had assured him that anyone would tell him the way to it, but ho had not met a soul of whom he oould inquire. He pushed opon tho gate and immediately fouud himself on a swcop of gravel, smoothly rolled. Tho houso hid itself jealously round a corner, but when at last he came within view of it, Godfrey could not resist the pleasure of standing still and look ing at it, so beautiful, so genuine and unnffoctod in its aufciquifcy was this modest, yofc roomy old mausion, basking in tho sunlight ; for it faced due south, with its smoothly Bhavcn velvet turf, its straight beds aud borders, gay and radiant with lovely spring flowors — daffodils, primulas, auriculas aud oven the remains of some crocuses, snowdrops and hyacinths. AU was very still in tho vioinity. Godfrey saw not a sign of life— not oven a dog on the top step of tho flight whioh led to the front door. He presently ascended these steps, and found that modem weakness had been so far humored as to have the massive old iron knooker superseded for daily itBe by a bell ; but whoa he pulled tho said bell, it sounded with a hollow clangour which had in it something solemn and portentous. Nothing portentous, however, answered its summons; merely a neat looking servant maid, who told him she thought Mr. Barr&s; was " about," and forthwith showed him into one of tho sunny rooms in front, tho blinds of which wero partly let down, so that after the glaro outside it seemed quito dark to Godfrey. Ho groped bis way to a obair, notwithstanding, and having given his eard to tho girl sat down to wait. He oould gather no details of the room, exoept that it seemed spacious and pleasant, that thore wero bookcases alon one side of it, and an odour of tobacoo in the air. Ho had hod time to grow somcwliat ac customed to this dim light, and to disoorn evidences of sober ooloriug, and of massive, worn furniture of an old-fashioned kind, when thero was a rapid, firm step on thetilesof the hall, and immediately a tall man walked quiokly into tho room, layingashabby wideawake on the table, along with Godfrey's oard, aud then saying, in quiringly. "Dr. Noble?" Godfrey rose. " Yes. You aro perhaps Mr. Barras?" . , " I am," roplicd the man; it ptfcoh dark hero. Let me draw up tho blind,'' which ho did., letting a flocd of sunshine and light into the room. Then he turned and stood revealed to Godfrey as a spare, muscular being, who might have been any age from tlriity to forty-five, with a lean, keen, brown face which the young man liked, a big brown moustache, dark, deep-set eyes, and a very shrewd, determined expression. His attire was that of a man who had been 4 about the place " all morning ; that is,shabhy, Hot to sayrngamuffinlv inthc extreme — trousers, coat and boots vying with one another for ilie palm as to inhcreut disreputableness of appearance. He was a gentleman, every inch, arid looked as if he had been a tiavcller or a soldier, or both. " Sit down, won't you? I did not know you hsd already got to Moorside," he said. "I only came yesterday afternoon," replied Godfrey. " Things there seem to be in a some- wftat peculiar condition. 1 have found myself forced to take a line of action which is intensely disagreeable to me. I saw your name on the list of directors, and I come to trouble you with on accountof the situation," Thereupon ho briefly and succinctly related what had happened since his arrival at the establishment, and wound up by repeating Slater's statement about the lady who was in question. "I give you that for what it's worth," he added, with a half laugh. 44 It may be true, or it may not ; at any late, it furnishes some kind of explanation of his otherwise inscrutable behavior." Mr. Barras tilted himself back in his chair fine, laughed with intense enjoyment. ""Wliata tale ! " he cried at last. ""What 6 glorious tale, to bo sure 1" 44 Queer as it sounds, every word of it is true," retoited Godfrey, rather curtly. "My dear sir," said the other, grave again in an instant, 44 you surely dou't suppose I doubted that? I laugh because it is so magnificently characteristic of the man, and because it affords v-, on illustration of my own foresight. I'm pleased wiih it because it will enable me to say to them, I told you so,' at the next Moorside committee meeting." ?' Told them what ?" asked Godfrey, appeaped. ""What I have told them fifty times before : that Burton is an incompetent ass, who would never do them any gocd, but hatra. Why, the fellow has no knowledge — absolutely no practical knowledge. He has picked up enough to enable him to qualify in a fashion, but when it comes to applying even those rags of theory — " Mr. Barras snapped bis fingers. "He takes up. with eveiy new nostrum whioh he can ptiriially understand and advertises it as a panacea. To everyone who comes to him he recommends a trial of it — just now I believe it is rest, which is to be secured by first of all reducing your body to a carcase, and your mind to a jelly — he promises a complete cure within 6 limited time, and as people often go to those places in a feeble state of mind as well as of bndy, I am : fraid he has victimised not a few. It 's astonishing how people will shell out money tk.ey can ill spare in order to obtain relief from illness, mental or physical." "It is not at all astonishing to me," said Godfrey, "Mid if they get the relief the money is well spent, no doubt of that. But in the meantime he is victimising me." "Oh, well very soon put that right, ass that he is, " said Mr. Barras, in an easy tone. " I'll call upon him — he is very fond of me, is Burton. I appreciate him and believo in him so blindly, and never see through his innocent little ruses. He. is probably just now congratulating himself that the commitee will not meet again for nearly a fortnight. Give me the pleasure of four company at lunch. I'm a bachelor, and am alone just now. And in the afternoon I will drive over to Moorside, and take you with me. I have a call to make in that neighljorliood. I can almost promise you that h< will bo off by one of the early trains to-morrow." He laughed again— a laugh expressive of keen, if not purely benevolent enjoyment. Godfrey, very much relieved by the view of the affair taken by the other, made some little demur about remaining for lunch, which was resolutely over-ruled by Mr. Barras, who told kiB guest that his habits were very primitive. ( I Tise at six, or often before, on these fine mornings, and all through the summer," he said ; " not because I think it is virtuous to do so, but be cause I liko it. I got use to early rising in India, when I was stationed at Gbyapur, and I have kept to it ever since. I have breakfast at seven, and with tho life I lead I'm 4 ready, aye ready' for lunch at half-past twelve, and some times earlier. Tour walk will have given you an appetite even if you don't usually have one." " But I do," Godfrey answered bim. ".That's right. I really am very sorry that you should have such an unpleasant beginning at Moorside. If I may ask — was it choicoor necessity that took you there? " "A little of both, I think," replied Godfrey ; and how it came about he really did not know, but in a short time his host was in possession of mo6t of the simple facts of his histoiy, oven to the thing whicn troubled Godfrey tho most, and which none of his family imagined he ever thought of — that with his expensive education, and his seven and twenty years, and all his willingness to work, ho was in this temporary, makeshift sort of position, while Hilda, younger than he was, and with a less costly equipment, was a person of importance, and a woman who was making an income. " I've never told my mother how I feel it," he added, frankly and simply, " because if I were to do so she would at once turn upon mo and say. it was my own fault, and that I should have taken her advice and not been ungrateful to my benefactors, and all that. And I can't quite sco that after all. I know that I am happier now, with all my disadvantages, than I should have been as a clerk in a merchant's office, even with the piospect of five thousand a year in the distance." " Oh, you are all right," said Giles Barras, in his.plcn6&nt;, decided tones. "I've gone through much the rame kind of thing. You'll como out all right in the end. I went into tho army. I thought I could see tho world in that way. I was not born the owner of this," he glanced round tho room, "my eldest brother hod it. Poor John ! He was a good fellow. They wero all against my going into the army. There wero several other ways in which I could have been so jinuch better provided for j the Church amongst them. But I could not swallow that, somehow; though I'm a Churchman to the backbone, I'm not a parson in any way or shape. Or -I. could havo gone into a mercantile life. nlso. My., father had no objection. I took my own way, and though I had a pretty narrow time of St for years I never repented. Ko more will you if you really lovo your profession." 44I thought I did, snid Godfrey. "But Burton and his crew are an eye-opener." "/f Rro no specimens,, and you must know that even better than I do." " Did you leave the army, then, when your fcrofher died?" ; - "Yes. , It is six years ago now. Iknewthere wag plenty hero to fill up all my life, and out- sidq interests quite enough to keep mo from being dull," ho added, with a peculiar, not very swpet smile, as if at some private recollection, humorous but not altogether ogrccahlo. "So I resigned, and came tosettlo here." Here the maid servant who had admitted Godfrey come to announce lunch. " Come this way," s&id; Barras, leading God frey across tho wide, pleasant passage, from which a glimpse was to be caught of a wonder- ful-lookiDg black oak staircase, which went up in twists and spirals from one corner of the hall. It glittered like glass, and near the foot of it a second rosy girl in a tidy lilac print gown was on her knees, rubbing and polishing as if her life were at stake. The diningrocm was no less pleasant a place than the paiTor in which they had been sitting, and a substantial lunch was set out on the tabic. . "If it is allowable to ask," said Godfrey, " how came you to be one of the directors of the , Moorside Hydropathic Establishment?" " AVell," said Barras, the same queer look; glinting, as it were, over his features, "my motives were mixed — like yours in becoming the physician there. Our motives generally are mixed, I find. I did think, at the time, that it would be a useful place, aud that it might be mode, in a legitimate way, into a paying concern. ; I den't think so now. I hove quite abandoned that idea. At least it never will while Burton is thero to doctor the fools and disgust the rational part of the company. But he's in, and it will not be so easy to get him out, without a row. Theu, also, a friend of mine was pas sionately opposed to the whole thing, ptophesied its immediate failure, and pooh-poohed every thing connected with it to such an extent that out of sheer opposition I took up the cudgels in favor of it." Seeing Godfrey's look of surprise, he laughed aloud. "You think that was pretty weak, don't you? But, you see, you don't know my friend. Some of our friends exercise this soothing influenco over us, you know. From not caring two straws whether the Moorside Hydropathic place was a failure or a success, it became a matter of honor with roc that it should be a success. I have diligently attended every directors' meeting, have gone into all the accounts, pondered over the different ways of managing it, and, in fact, have taken all the trouble in the world about it. I don't know how long I shall go on in the same intelligent style," he added, with another laugh, as he leaned back in his chair, and looked out through tho window and across the garden. Godfrey could have sworn that there was bitter ness in his smile, though none in his manner. " Have some more claret," he said, suddenly, as if wishful to change the topic. "No, thank you. I hope you will go on a little while longer, at any rate. For six months, say, when I shall have completed my term of office at Moorside." Barras smiled and shrugged his shoulders, and they said no more just then about Moor side or the complications connected with it. After lunch Mr. Barras suggested & cigar in the garden, until "the cart " came round. " I have ordered it for a quarter before two," he said, looking meditatively pleased, as he blew out the first ring of smoke. "My horse will carry us to Moorside in less than half au hour. I shall then catch the worthy doctor— trap him in his after-lunch nap. He loves so to be dis turbed in that sweet occupation. I suppose," he added, with a searching sort of glance at Godfrey, " you don't mind being seen driving up witlimc ? It will he over the whole place in less thanhalf an hour thatyou came aud fetched me to turn Dr. Burton out." "I've done nothing that I wob not driven to do," said Godfrey, indifferently. "I am not afraid of being seen with you, if you don't object to be seen with me." "Not a bit," said Giles. .Thoy both laughed, and continued to stroll about the garden for a time. Then Godfrey was left alone while Barras went away, to make himself, as he said, presentable. Soon after his return, in gaiments as respectablo as his others had been the reverse, a very trim dog cart, reminding Godfrey of the one driven by " Miss Alizon," the day before, camo round. They got into it, and then, as it seemed, in another moment they wero bowling smoothly and swiftly along the road, in tho direction of Mooiside. Chapter XL — Yalb Dr. Burton ! "I will go straight upstairs to sec him," said Giles, as they drew near to their destination. ""Where shall I find you, when I have settled him?" "On tho terrace, under the dr&wingroom; windows." " Veiy good. Upon my word, I begin almost to enjoy this adventure. I don't like making people uncomfortable just for the fun of tho thing, but 1 do Jove to see a humbug writhe." " So do I," assented Godfrey. They drove up to the main entrance, and their summons soon brought out tho sleepy waiter, whose countenance changed, developing into some thing like a faint, respectful grin, as ho replied to Mr. Barra&'s inquiry, thatDr. Burton was in, upstairs in his room. Giles went into the house, and Godfroy made his way round to the terrace he had spoken of ; a pleaeanc walk, looking duo west, and bordering a large space of fine green turf, in the midst of which stood a noble old oak tree. Other terraces surrounded this lawn, and long beds thickly planted with rose bushes, which iii summer made a sweet and gallant show. As he tnrncd the coiner of the house and stepped upon tho terrace, Godfrey was rather sorry than otherwise to see Mrs. Van Bibber slowly pacing it. Sho was dressed in an elaborate kiud of garden ncyliyCc , with a large, lace-covered sunshade — a pretty figuro to form ono of some largo and fashionable country-house party, but singularly inappropriate, as Godfrey keenly felt, to tho de serted grounds of a hydropathic establishment in the dead season. Mrs. Van Bibber, like so many other American women, had an almost unerring instinct about the beauty of any particu lar dress ; she, like most of her countrywomen, wore more becoming and elegant things than Englishwomen of the same class would havo done ; only she — and they— were generally all wrong about tho suitableness of tho occasions on which to wear tho said pretty things. Sho seemed, howover, as liappy, airing lior finery alone, as if she had been the centre of an admir ing crowd. She hailed Godfrey at onco, and claimed him for her own. "Well, well J" cried she; "whereon earth have j'ou been, doctor? I wondered it you had run away after duo reflection on what I told you last liiglit." " I am not quite so easily frightened away as all that," he told hor. "I havo only been taking measures for making Dr, Burton run away." " No ! You don't say 1" sho cried, admiringly. "I. think that's so spirited of you— and so prompt. But how havo you managed it?" "Oh, someouo is doing it now tolling him a ghost story or something," said Godfrey, with premeditated vagueness, us be turned and began to pace tho terrace with her. " Well , I do hope you'll drive him away, and remain yourself," she said, candidly. " Of all things under tho canopied heavens I-do hate a humbug the most. And he is a rank humbug." " Have >|ou been out long ?" 44 Only since lunch, and thoy don't give you a meal so he&vy; as to impede your walking powers," she said sarcastically, "That's -my great trial in Europe; — I do not liko your cookery. I do not like your breakfasts anywhero, and here I disliko them most of all." " Brcakfast-- lificon, eggs, cold meat !" God frey said ; 41 what more could you want ? And marmalade" he added, with animation. 44 Why, the marmalade was excellent." He spoko on this subject with all tho fatuous comiuSOCncy of a Briton. "Marmalade 1 Bacon I" echoed Mrs. Van Bibber, with blended disgust and contempt in her tones. 44 Ah, if I could but have a real old Virginia breakfast, or a Baltimore one either, dropped down on this tabic to-morrow. Would at I make you islanders open your eyes !" "The subject is a fascinating one. What would you give us?" "Piles of ripe oranges, to begin with— such oranges as I've never seen here. 1 should require several days to show you what we could do in the way of breakfasts. One day I'd givo_ you a tender loin-steak — rare, not done to a cinder — and potatoes stewed in milk; hot rolls and buck wheat cakes. English breakfast tea, of course. I'm free to confess that I prefer it to ours." "English breakfast tea! What might that be " 44 Wait till you come to America, and then we'll show you. Iced water — the luke-warm stuff they bring you hero is nauseating to me. Another day, fried chickens and waffles, and some corn-bread — 'corn-dodger,' vulgarly speak ing." "Corn-dodger, It sounds like some kind of patent sieve." " Oh, no ! There's a story about a Southern prisoner in tbc war, when two ladies went to seo him, and one had a bundle of tracts, and the other a basketful of pieces of corn-bread, and tliey both held out their hands to him at once. The tracts were nearest, but he bowed politely, (all our men were polite), and said, 4 1 thank you ma'am, but I'll try a little of this lady's corn-dodger first.' Come to Baltimore, and well 6how you & very respectable specimen. With fried chicken and waffles— ah, when I seo your greasy bacon, and think of fried chicken and waffles, I'm sick. It makes mo positively sick." 44 It sounds nice, whatever it may be. Then you are a rebel?" be added unguardedly. Mrs. Van Bibber's whole aspect changed. Her insulted Southern blood rushed over her face. 44 A rebel!" She cried. 44 We don't admit the term. They very soon had to cease calling us rebels and admit us as a belligerent power. No, sir ! I am not a rebel. I run a Southern woman, and J uphold my cause." 44 1 beg your pardon. I'm sure." 44 Do you mean, "she added, looking at him curiously, her good-nature all restored, 44 that you're a Unionist?" 44 My symjjatbies would have been with the North, of course," Godfrey admitted. 44 Of course — but it wasn't so much of course in your country." 44 No, I'm sorry to soy, it wasn't. But in my jjart of the world it was, and always will " Ah, well, I would love to have you pay a visit to Virginia and our Southern States. I know you'd entirely change your views." 44 There is no telling what I might sacrifice if bribed with such breakfasts as you describe," said Godfrey, laughing. 44 Ah!" as they turned and he saw the tall figure of Giles Barras at the end of the terrace ; 44 excuse me if I leave you. I have business over there. " He went to Mr. Barras, and they turned to wards the front of tho house. 44 Well, I've had quite a fight with him," said Mr. Barras, laughing. 44 He proved harder to convince than I had expected. However, I have convinced him, and that very thoroughly. I expect he will relievo you of his presence to morrow morning. If ho should not, just drop me a line by the evening post, and I will come again and make it certain." 44 And do you think I made much ado about nothing?" 44 On the contrary, I am convinced it was a very good thing that you acted promptly. Had you not done so, he would have gained an advantage, and he was prepared to be quite nasty if ho got the chance. But I have extracted his fangs, and he now wriggles in impotent rage." 44 1 am delighted that you found such con vincing arguments. I cannot tell you how much I feel indebted to you." 44 Not a bit of it. I hope this is but the beginning of ouy acquaintance. You must give me the pleasure of your company at dinner some evening; if you will." Godfrey said ho should be delighted. "I must be off now," said Mr. Barras. 41 1 have one or two other calls to make. Good day. I think you will havo a clear course after to morrow morning," They shook hands laughingly and parted. Mr. Barras climbed into his cait and was soon out of sight round a bend in the drive. Godfrey turned back aud went into the house. Tho excitement was over. Now for tho flatness and dulness which always followed it. These had their turn, of course, but Godfrey's was not tho temperament to yield to them, or allow them to dominate him. In this respect he was strong — in the power of receiving rebuffs and reverses, pleasures and successes, in much the same calm and impartial spirit. It was assuredly not that he was incapable of feeling pleasure or pain' keenly enough, lastingly enough. . But there aro natures which pleasure and pain, or rather the effects of them, shatter and shake; they leave them trembling and unnerved. Godfrey was different. Ho was endowed with something, at any rate, of that rare gift which the poet as pired after when ho cried, "Me . . . standing at ease iu nature, Me, wherever my life la lived. 0, to be self balanced for contingencies, To confront night, storms, hunger, ridicule, acci dents, rebuffs, as the trees and animals do." It was thus, to a certain extent, self balanced for contingencies that this young man faced tho world and his fate, and it was from this inward power that proceeded his apparent tranquil accoptanco of positions and situations which in tho eyes of liis mother, at any rate, wero derogatory to his dignity, and injurious to tho great aim of 44 getting on." Such a gift is not the real thing, unless it holds good in small things as well as in great ones ; unless it enables a man with unruffled mien to appear inconsistent while in reality pursuing steadily the one object on which he may have sot his mind. All this capacity Godfrey had. Ho might have some feeling of depression, but it left him practically undisturbed, as ho saw Giles depart. Undis turbed, also, he amused himself for the rest of tho afternoon, partly in writing a letter to his sisters, giving them some account of the proceed ings at Moorside, partly in reading, smoking, strolling about, nnu incidentally gainiug a fine robust appetite for his impending 7 o'clock dinner. Punctually the gong sounded for it, and be repaired to his place ; found all as it had been tho night before — Mrs. Van Bibber by bis aide, and tho rest of tho company assembled. Dr. Burton made his appearance a little late. Tho calibre of tho man came out distinctly in tho peculiar circumstances in which he and his opponent were placed. Ho neither knew how to accept his defeat liko a mau, and shake hands over it with his conqueror, confessing that ho had been wrong, nor had he the faintest notion of how to ignore tho whole affair and stand aside in silent dignity. Dignity, indeed, waB not in him to bo shown, under any possible combination of ciroumstancea. His allies, Mrs. Capstick and tho young lady who sat at his left hand, wero in their usual places, and wero evidently acquainted with the fact that all Lad not been plain sailing for tho object of their admiration for tliey inquired audibly and anxiously bow he was feeling 44 now." To which ho replied in a pettish and nuorulous manner that he was very far from well ; lie lmd been worried and agitated that afternoon in no common degree, aud that through the agency of those who ought rather to havo sjiared and helped than troubled and tireu him. He had quite hoped to enjoy an interval of n week or ten days' rest amongst his friends at the establishment before leaving for his holiday, but after what bad happened lie felt thero was no longer any place for him, and he intended to set out to-morrow. Ho heaved an angry sigh, and cast a malignant glance towards Godfrey as ho spoke. Both the ladies loudly expressed their disappointment and indignation — dis appointment at liis impending departure, indignation at the scurvy treatment to which he had been subjected. Nono of all this made Godfrey's pulses quicken by so much as tho tenth of a bent, nor in any wayimpaired the ex cellent appetite given him by his long walk that morning in the keen moorland air. Neither did it in any way increase his pleasure in the pros pect of his coming six months' administration at Moorside. The whole affair had become very disappoint ing. From an exhilarating prospect of a com plete change of work and interests, it had dwindled away int-o the prosaic reality of a sordid contest with an incompetent and insincere person for the honor of ministering to half-a- dozen soi-disant invalids. Furthermore, theso ministrations must, he foresaw, he either a con tinuation of the present quackery and humbug, or he would have to raise a general disturbance — become detested by all, receive thanks from none— and by thetime he should have succeeded in making himself odious all round it would bo timo for him to go home agaiu and seek fresh work. Yet a few more disagreeable experiences on tho morrow. The retreating physician contrived to fill the whole place with a pervading atmo sphere of the injuries ho had received. It iB a faculty with which some people are gifted to a wonderful extent — a kind of moral aroma which fills the entire air in their neighbourhood. He did not leave until afternoon, and then, accom panied to tho door by his satellite Jadies, he took his departure in the 44 ark," as Mrs. Van Bibber dubbed the venerable omn bus of tho establish ment. Sho and Godfrey, hardened in their cynical indifference to pain and suffering, were seated at the time of his departure on a bench near the frontdoor. 44 Fancy calling that thing an omnibus," said Mrs. Van Bibber, in a low tone. ""Why, the meanest of our summcrresortswouldbeashamed to own it for their stage. I tremble for its fate, or rather for the fate of Dr. Burton and his trunks. Are those women going to see him on to the cars, do you think ?" she added in a still lower, apparently awestruck, tone, as the pro cession appeared — the head waiter first, carry- the doctor's smaller packages ; then tho porter, bearing what Mrs. Van Bibber called bis 44 trunks" ; then Slater, with a peculiar mock- solcmu expression ; then the victim himself, with a lady on either hand. 44 Well, ya know, if my hand gets lamer and lamer while you're away," cried Mrs. Capstick, 44 1 shall have to send for you back. I get so awfully nervous, there's no doin' any good with roc. And there's so much in bclievm' in your doctor. It's more thau half the battle. Now don't you think it is?" 44 Of course it is, Mrs. Capstiok. I can only beg you to persevere in tho treatment I have prescribed, and under no circumstances consent to any change being made in it." 44 My ! How do you feel after that ?" whis pered Mrs. Van Bibber, gently offering Godfroy her smelling bottlo. And as no notice was taken of herself or her companion, tho hardy Republican uplifted her voice— 44 You're never going away without saying good bye to tnf, doctor ! You would not be so ungal- lant," cried she, in tones which ho could not ignore. He turned towards them, and lifted his hat sheepishly. 44 I've not had the advantage of your advice," she continued, 4 4 because I have as much on hand from my London physician ns will servo me for the balance of the year, but I shall miss you very badly ; and so will Dr. Noble, I fancy, though his acquaintance with yon is of sucu a recent date— eh, Dr. Noble?" 44 Certainly," said Godfrey, smiling. 44 There are some people one does not easily forget, after even a short acquaintance. I hope you'll shake hands with -me, doctor," sho con tinued, amiably ; and he had unwillingly to diverge from his straightforward processional path, descend the steps, and shake hands, looking red, ongry and enibarassed. 44 Yes, I shall miss you," she repeated sweot- ly. 11 It will be quite impossible to replaco you though I am sure Dr. Noble will do bis best. I wish you a pleasant journey, and I hope you will have a real good timo wherever you go." She released him, and with a scant salutation on his part to Godfrey, whom he had not onco directly addressed sinco they had parted tho morning before, he was at last allowed to enter his chariot and was driven off, not looking quiet so important as before Mrs. Van Bibber had bethought herself to wish him good-bye. Perhaps it was very funny, Godfrey thought His companion at any rate seemed to find it so, though Godfrey himself failed to see the very humorous side of it. Mrs. Van Bibber laughed heartily, though not loudly, when the last sign of the orauibus had disappeared down the hilL "I guess he couldn't quite, tell whether Ishould miss him agreeably or not," she said. 44 1 know I'm mighty glad he has gone. I've no use for Dr. Burton — no uso in tho world." Godfrey wondered if anyone had, except Dr. Burton himself, and then they returned to the house. Things went on exactly as they had done before— and the evening and the morning were tho third day. 