FUNNY TRANSLATIONS. 0.x account of the late Gormea Entoeror's funeral, writes David Ker in Harper's Weeckly, stated thatthcsermon was preached on atext taken from " the look of Jacob "-a hitherto unknown portion of IHoly Writ-the real words being the "lEpistle of James" (Jakob). An English translation of a German novel rendered Ich babe cinen Gast bekommen (I have got a guest) by "I have become a ghost." Another trans formed " food for reptiles " into " the Diet of Worms." In a French version of "Guy M.ln nering," the phraso "a sticlkit minister" (unsuce.essful preacher) figured as un ministre aseassine. Nor are the titles of books a less I fruitful feld of mistranslation than their con tents. A Vicnna translation of George Eliot's " Felix Holt, the Radical," was entitled "Felix; Hold the Rascal I" The play of " Love's Last Shift" was reproduced in Paris as " La Dornikre Chemise de l'Amour." Rob Roy still figures in Russia as Bob the King, "Roy" having been confused with "Roi." A similar misconception turne.l Mlmoires de Roy d'Argens into Memoirs of a Silver King-an exploit almost rivalling that of the farmer who named a pet rooster "Robinson " because he "crew so." Most admirers of the Duke of Wellington are familiar with the Iron Duke's characteristic answer to his secretary's question as to what reply he should send to MarshalJ nnot's proposal of an armistice: "Tell him to be [something unprintable] in civil Frencb.h." How the poor secrelaryacquitted himself of this rather difficult commission is still a mystery; but he probably followed the example of the polite man who, not wishing to give a romancing talker the lie direct, assured him that "if he were to write alook of fiction, itwould have a wonderful eale." But the palm of mistranslation is certainly due to an Eogli-hman who some ycars ago caime to a foreign teachser to be "finished " in Ger man, and wasa asked to write a sentence in colloquial English, and then to translate it. IHe wrote : "Ie Ihas bolted, and has not settled his bill," translating it by "Er hat verriegclt, and hat icht einsiedelt seinen Sehnabel." " Verriegeln" meaning ".to bolt a door," "einsiedeln" to "settle as a colonist," and " Slsnabel " "tthe lill of a hint," this extra ordinary sentence really signified, "le has driven in a bolt, and has pot colonized his b; k."-Pall la!l.: 