HARBOR EXCURSION. At the invitation of tho committee and mem bers of the National Club, the vUitiug dele gates were subsequently accorded a trip up Lane Cove River as far a» The Avenue, where an excellent luuch nau oeen proviciea lor several hundreds of visitors. A large number of these invited guests, including about a dozeu mem bers of the Legislature,, were uuavoidably absent, but about 170 gentlemen assembled. The repast was set out iu a large roofed apart- meut. The presideut of the club, Sir William Macleay, took the chair, with Mr. Barton, M.L.C., president of the Protection Associa tion, on hie right. Mr. Ljue, M.P., occupied the rice- chair, and amongst those who sat down were many well-known public men and politicians from the metropolis aud else where. The toasts of "The Queen" and "The Go vernor" haviug been houored, Mr. Barton proposed the healths of "The Delegates" iu a humorous speech. He felt it no common honor to have the opportunity of doing so. It was a toast whicn would cele brate the couclusiou, at all events for the time being, of the important deliberations which had beca that day fiui6hed. (" Hear, bear.") Having been privileged to preside throughout, he had been in a position, as a not altogether unobservant noticer of things, to form a fairly good opinion as to the value of their gathering aud as to its probable results. A little while ago, when their neighbors the freetraders had finished their conference, over which they took so many and so elaborate paius — that conference, with its attendant memorable public meeting— (laughter) — people were very much apt to say that there was going on what was called a freeware boom. (Laughter aud voice : " Corroboree.") The freetraders, then, he might venture to assert, had bad their boom, and he was bold enough to express as his opinion that that "boom" had already sub sided and that it had proved the shortest which had ever occurred iu the colouy. Voice: "A flying jibbooui." (Laughter.) It hadjbeen a complete resurrection of the freetrade party for ihe time being. (" Hear, hear.") However, the spirit seemed to have already gone back to the place from whence it ap peared, and they all knew that the idea of an apparition of that kind must have thoroughly and completely emanated from the freetrade side, inasmuch as everyone was aware that its leader was oue of the very beat liviug authorities on ghosts. (Laughter.) But that little ghost having been laid, the chief manu facturer— tho ghost-manufacturer in general had doubtless established a large local indus try iu the line. (Renewed laughter.)— would speedily spring forth another. He (Mr. Bar ton) bad uo hesitation in thinking that alter the protectionists' conference was all over, tho best oi their enemies would find some difficulty in raising another bogey, and hence he was not quite sure that the next one would not be of a peculiar nature, possibly a casuallabor ghost. (Laughter.) The whole opposition, they might rest assured, would be nothing more than ghost, ghost, ghost forever. (" Hear, hear.") Coming to their present gathering, and leaving pleasantries aside, it fell to his lot to address a tew words us to what be considered bad been the conduct of their meetings, and what was likely to be their probable outcmue. ("Hear, hear.") At the outset he begged to return sincerust thanks for the honor qf his election as president, and for the consideration and for bearance with which he had been treated. The spirit uiauifesied throughout the conference was one worthy to the uttermost of those who desired to consolidate aud to bring to fruitiou the great national policy. ("Hear, hear.") The whole of the proceedings, from Alpha to Omega, had been marked bv a judicious consideration of the mea sures, aud were noticeable for moderate, calm languago throughout. (" Hear, hear.") Strong «« their difficulties had heeu, aud warm as the debute had sometimes proreu never had theie been one single approach to the scenes which he was very sorry to say were only too frequently observable iu another certain place. ("Hear, hear."! As an observer of such matters for years, he could affirm that he never hud been piesent at, much less had presided over, a confereuce iu which so iittle irrelevancy had been introduced, and in which everything bad been more clearly and tersely spoken to the poiui. (" Hear, bear.") Reverting to the lute freetrade conference, he explained that it bad been deemed wise that their (cbc protec tionists) day meetings should be confined chiefly to the formulating of propaganda for the funt approaching political campaign, leaving the evening ir public gatherings, at which the' citizeus at large might have the opportunity of hearing some of their leading spokesmen, and of judging and thiuking for themselves ag to the : truth or otherwise of the doctrines which they sought to extend (" Hear, hear,") ; and he was certain that never before had. there been so i active a desire evinced on the part of the general public to bring about a fiscal change us hud been shown during the past week. (Cheers.) Such, then, was the death of the freetrade boom. (Cheers.) He could sincerely congratulate the party upon haviug done good and sound work, upon haviug brought out of Sydney — the stronghold of free- ri(e_?o strong on expression of the electors' views on general policy, fas well as so effective an exposition and appreciation of protection, that iu Sydney, where the advance ut the cnuso was most material at the present time because the country was practically uuanimous with them— (loud cheeri)— tho re- sult could not but bo manifested iu a most marked degree qt tho next general electiou. ("Hear, hear.") On the last occasion it bad been determined that not one constituency Bhould be uueoutested in tho protectionist cause, and that promise bad been religiously kept. ("Hear, hear.") As tho issuo their side had jumped up from merely four members to GO, and onward tho members were going (Cheers.) His firm belief was that tho result of what hau been done that very morning would bring the forces of the party to a state of or ganisation which they had never before kuown, nud which the other side would never be able to approach. (Cheers.) Where the support ot protection had been most needed it had' received the most effectual help ; and where organisa tion was demanded in the com try the same bad been provided. ("Hear, hear.") Those wero two certain results at all events ; and he was quite sure that already protection's spread in the city and suburbs was made maoifest. (" Hear, hear.") It only remained to say this : that by the manner in which the business of the conference had been conducted, and by the entirely patriotic spirit in which the proceedings had been guided, the certain future success which was before them was mainly to be attri buted. (Loud cbecrs.) Messrs. Graham (Goulburn), Hutchinson (Forbes) Ryan (Bathurst), Wilson (Armidale), Street (Lithgow), and Lnscombe aud Ross (Svduey) acknowledged the toast. Sir. Lyne, M.P., proposed " Our National Policy." He saw before him the neuclcus of it, each and all of whom knew what the party was and for what purpose it had been con stituted. Their conference had been the second in reality, but the first on any syste- mattscd and proper scale ever held in Sydney, and be rejoiced to see present one of the oldest and most earnest protectionists of AuBtralasia, Sir William Macleay— a con sistent and successful protectionist in every sense— (cheers)— to whom they owed the suc cess of the present movement. As a result of the late conferences colonists at large, and the world over, would know what protection really was aud would see that henceforth New South Wales must be known us a protected one. (Cheers.) As bad been said time after time at their meetings, freetrade was supported by the Sydney merchants, while the opposite policy was maintained by the producing power of the whole colouy. He regretted that the matter in dispute between protectionists and freetraders was not better understood, as it was simplicity itself if one would only take the trouble to look into it. Having re ferred briefly to the future . intentious of the nationalists, he contended that a platform had now beca laid down for the next general election, and one which was undeniably yobleand grand. (Cheers.) Before the last election they were ill-organised and all adrift, but let the freetrade party beware and look to their laurels when the next struggle should arrive. (" Hear, hear.") Tbey all must be up and preparing for the fray, which certainly must come about during the' next few month9, and if they would only follow the advice given by that popular, esteemed and able man, Mr. Barton, an over whelming majority of protectionists would be the result. (Cheers.) Mr. John Youxq also responded. The remaining toasts were " the Parliament," proposed by Mr. Johnson (Williams Itirer), and responded to by Mr. Lucas, M.L.C; " the Pres9 " and the Chairman. The delegates were subseqnently photographed iu group, und an enthusiastic and enjoyable outing was con cluded at about G p.m. The remainder of our report is held over. 