MISSIONS. AN ETIDEMIC or CHOLEKA IN CHANG CHOW, CHINA. BY MR CHHOW, A NATIVE PASTOR It is usual in the fifth moon (our sixth month) for the Chang-chow people to have a feast. They make a bean confection. Those who can make the most are considered to be most lucky. So they make and eat extravagantly. The weather being hot, the confection easily turns sour, and eaten in this state is very injurious to health. The heat also was very gTeat, so the people have been laid upon to cholera. It is said that from the 9th to the 11th of the fifth moon (only three days) the deaths numbered 1,200 : thereupon the heart of rulers and people was intoxicated with fear. The epidemic spread. Some of the officials suffered. Thus the fear of the mandarins increased, and they had recourse to many measures. They sent several hundreds of soldiers every moningr at light to the city walls to fire off many guns, believing that there were epidemic ghosts, and that! they might be scattered by the firing ; but this was of no avail. Next, the mandarins put out proclamations, in which they said to the people: 'Heaven Bends down this heavy calamity ; be exhorted not to enter into litigation with one another ; also Btop eating meat for seven days ; the whole city should live on vegetable diet, and beg help of the spirits.' Still the calamity increased. Then the fear of the Prefect also became intensified. He wrote a petition, to be presented to the god of the city praying : ' If the Prefect has sinned, let him be punished ; if tne underlings, let them be punished : if the people have sinned, let the punishment be on the cattle.' It was said that over forty of the runners of the department died. The heart of the Prefect feared as if intoxicated. He was at a loss to know what to do. H^ called lor the Buddhist priests to perform their ritual, and told them to petition the gods they served. Also, he ordered that the streets should be cleaned by his own attendants, but the scavengers died of the plague. Being at a loss to know what to do, the Prefect now sent to inquire of a famous idol. His order was forthwith executed. A youth was selected to act as scorcerer and be the mouthpiece of the idol. The answer was that this famous spirit would resort to Chang chow to drive away the plague causing ghosts. When the afflicted 'inhabitants heard this news, all along the streets and lanes they arranged incense tables, lighted lamps, and tied up red cloth piously to await the god. Some went and carved out an image, which they named after the famous god. From this time the people of the whole city, day and night, made the heaven ring with the beating of gongs and drums, thinking that so they would drive away the ghosts of disease. All the people believed ; and in all the streets men and women, old and young, when they heard that the god was coming, all knelt and worshipped ; some burnt gold paper, some let off crackers continuously ; still the calamity continued. The Prefect, in an increasing state of dread, now put out a proclamation to this effect : ' Ye people, be exhorted to act virtuously, thus the wrath of Heaven may cease.' Also he ordered the head men of the wards lo go to all the families and command that, on such a day, they should go to the god of the city and seek happiness ; also, they should fast from meat for five dayf,to manifest a pious disposition. But from the time when the people saw that in three days more than a thousand people died they lost heart, and said that the cholera ghosts were gaining power. The sorcercrs seized their opportunity to deceive the people, saying thcie should be idolatrous processions. The people obeyed. Idols of all sizes were brought out. Red cloth, flags, swords, guns innumerable, were every day in use. The banging and rattle was terrible. Those who had no gong made use of their brass wash-basins ; some used brass looking glasses. All this meant incalculable expense. Every day the cofiins followed each other, many following in succession. Such misery had never been witnessed, Wood for coffins was brought from a distance ; the coffin makers had a great trade. Those who could not get coffins used the planks of their beds and some used mats in which to bury the dead ; and some only bad straw for cofiins. Also, there was the plague of thieves, so that money stored, which would have puchased a coffin, was stolen. Coffin- makers, gravediggers, and all engaged in burying the dead charged at very high rates, for so man}- were struck down in these services that few would venture. There was wailing all over the city, and the voice of great grief enough to sadden anyone. In one village more than half the population were struck down. In some the elders died, and their relatives dare not mourn ; on the contrary, put up red cloth, so as to keep up their spirits. In some cases the whole family perished. In many cases relatives would not follow their dead to the grave, fearing themselves might perish. Labourers ran away, so work could not be done nor grain reaped. In one village, which at first escaped the trouble, it was thought well to have a play for joy, but the actors were smitten, and others were so choked that they fled in terror and perished. One after another of the idol's devotees perished. An empty idol (that is, a shape into which a person could get and move about) was employed to drive off the disease-ghost?, but the person thus engaged perished, so that it was jokingly said: 'Even the ghosts were perishing.' New sorcerers now took the place of the old. Charms were sold at 16 cash for a single person, 16 dols. for a family, and for twenty years the cost was 40 dols. These charms were worn on the person. It is said that over 10.000 perished in the city, and many more thousands in the outlying country. God be praised that, although some aged Christians were carried off,yet the converts generally were spared! The church obeyed the teaching of God: 'In time of trouble earnestly pray, thus will God stoop and hear our cry.' The more we think of this, the more we should be grateful. The heathen are inquiring into this matter, and learning a lesson of God's power to protect His people. Alas, that they only understand to care for the body, but not for the soul 1 But we should ask God to use us in this opportunity for bringing men to the Saviour.— L. M. S. Chronicle. HABDWICKE COLLEGE.—The annual concert in connection with Harkwicke College, East Adelaide, was held in the Victoria Hall and was largely attended; The Rev. R. M. Hunter occupied the chair, and congratulated the Misses Tilley upon the progress made during the year. The various items of the programme were creditably gone through by the performers who were pupils of the college, and evidenced the care taken in their musical training. The proceeds of the concert were given to the Children's Hospital, The annual report was read, and the prizes for the year were given away. The report stated that Mrs Harvey, late Head Mistress of the Luton School of Art. England, wonld have charge of the Art department. The college was unusually successful last year in the University examinations. NEW MUSIC.—Mr. W. R. Knox, musical composer and organist, has left with us copies of several pieces of sacred music which he has composed, to be sung in churches. The pieces are, Magnificat inG. "Oh, praise the Lord," " Te Deum Laudamus' : and "Lead Kindly Light." The music is tastefuly printed in convenient form, the price is reasonable, and we understand the harmony is pleasing. The publisher is Mr. Fray, of Rundle-street, and churches wishing for such music can obtain these pieces from him in quantities. We understand that several of these pieces have alreaded had a large sale. 