SPORTING ITEMS. Fine weather and a good atten dance should make the Turf Club "Winter Meeting highly successful •to-day. It is to be hoped that the public will show their genuine sympathy with the present deplor able monetary condition of the club—for it cannot be termed otherwise Ilian .deplorable — by supporting to- day’s meeting in aight good style. The fine weather of the past day or so will be of great benefit in improving the con dition of the course, which by reason of the recent heavy rains, have _ become someiyhat sloppy. The list of events will undoubtedly result in some excellent racing lxiing witnessed. We can only express our best wishes for the success of the meeting, leaving it to the public to determine that themselves. We have a rare ghost of a foot ball club here in Shepparton, one which would require something in the shape of an aggravated earth quake to liven it up. The display made last Saturday by “ Sheppar ton and Ground” (not Shepparton only) against the Mooroopna Im perials was a sorry sight. Here, on their own ground, the members of the (imaginary) Shepparton Football Club cannot even put in more than half a team, whilst a tow iship like Mooroopna can bring a f ill team over here, to say not' ing of its noble arm}’ of “ bar rac; ers.” We give credit to those liai lful of gentlemen who have tru their level best to make the clui, a success, but we sincerely sympathise with them in having such an uphill game to play, and would recommend that they throw up the club altogether rather than ■endeavour to work without the assistance which, be it said to the lasting disgrace of the large number of able-bodied, but la7.y, athletes of Shepparton, has been shamefully withheld. The Rowing Club is yet with out a secretary. There is little going or. just now to command that officer's attention, nevertheless it would be just as well if the niemb :s of the club exerted them selves ..nd selected a successor to •their lute energetic secretary, Mr. P. M-Vickar, v.iio did such good woii for the club during his term of office. The Rowing Club is an important body, and the members should see in selecting a secretary that thev obtain the services of a lho:i uglily efficient and pains taking gentleman. We might sug gest the advisability of appointing a joint or an assistant secretary, also. .;s in a town like Shepparton, when- very few of our young fel lows appear to remain but for a lew years it would perhaps be as well to have two secretaries, as in the (;•> ■■.lit of one leaving at a short notice the oilier could carry on the work until his coadjutor was ap pointed. It is merely a suggestion we throw out for the consideration of the committee, and it will, per haps.. occur to them that it might prove advantageous to the club. Since the .Ibovc was written, we notice that a meeting has been called for the election of a secre tary. to take place at the Sheppar ton Hotel on Wednesday evening. The members of the Shepparton Gun Club appears to be alive yet, notwithstanding the deleat they sustained at the hands of the Nathalie, team recentiy. We understand that a sweepstake pigeon match lias been arranged for to-morrow, to take place in Mr. Totnkin's paddock, commen cing at two o’clock. It is certainly’ advisable that the club should go in for practice before meeting the Nathalia team for the return match, especially as they’ wish to give a better account of themselves than they did on the occasion of the contest here. A match between the Shepparton and Nuinurkah Football Clubs takes place on Saturday, on the ground of the loiter. The Shepparton team will be chosen from the following:— Boyd, Bray, Law, Cook, Spencer, Xynch, Mngennis, Beckwith, Home wood, Wilkinson, Deacon, Dudley, Henson, Sibley, Campbell, Nelson, M‘Queen, Turnlcy, Jones. M‘Robert, X. M‘Lean, Fnrphy, Nightingale, IV. Boyd, Ralston, Crow. Mr. Arthur Wilson, lion, secretary of the Derbyshire v.ounty Cricket Club, in a letter to the London Sportsman, publicly thanks Yorkshire mnd Nottinghamshire for their generous conduct in waiving any objection to Mr. SpofForth, and he points out that the rule insisting on two vears’ residence in a county was never intended to apply to such a case as that of a cricketer coming ■from Australia, hut was meant to prevent the changing about of county j cricketers from one county to another, mnd I he purchase by the richer county clubs of players from other places. Mr. Wilson also stated that Mr. Spofforth would not play for Derbyshire against any county ex cept Yorkshire, and would not play for the North ngninst the South, as if he were not qualified to play for Derbyshire or any other comity, he could not see where bis qualification 1o play for the North of England came in. __ 