tTravelley. Japanese Superstitions. Tho household superstitions of Japan are very numerous. Tboyara harmless ; often exolting lengbter; yotsocntronobcd are thoy in the household that religion, argument. these enporstitionB have a moral or odaoa- tional purpose, inenleating lessons 0! benovo- lonoo, noatnesa and habito af otoanlineae. A room is nover swept immediately alter the departure oi thoinmato for fear of swooping ont ! the look. At a marriego oercmohy neither tho bridonor the groom wears any olothing af a pnrplo oolor lost their marriage be eoon dissolved, pnrplo boing a oolor . meat liable to fado. If eho oup of modloino ia np- sot by oeoident daring tho illness ot a person it is a Buro sign 6f recovery. Thia looks as i! the Japsnesb had faith in oar provorb, ".Throw physio to, tho dogs." There arc some onrions idaab in regard to the finger nails. They mnal not bo ant beiora starting on a journey lest disgrace fall npon tho per son at bis destination. Neither ahonld they bo ent at night, leal cat's claws should grow ont. Children who throw tho paring ol tho naila into tho firo aro in dangor of soma great calamity. If a piece ahonld fiy into tho firo whilo oatting tho person will soon die. . Tha howling ol a dog portends doath. . I! a woman stops over an ogg-ebell eha will go mad ; if over a razor it iiil bobomo dull ; if over n whetstone it wiif break. It a men should eet his hair on firo ho. will go mad. Children, aro told if thoy -tell a lio. anoni (imp) will pall ont their tqngaosl Tho wbolosotpo terror of tho oni, standing ready to ran sway with his tongno, has caused m.any a Jfipancso yonth to apeak .tho troth. Tha Jspaneao bava a horror of the dark ness ; they always keep 0 light burning, to ward oil ghosts. Tho jankmen believe in a ghoul who comes to them and politol; asks to bdrrow a dipper; Tho answer decides tha fata of tho tankman. If a dinnor with a bottom is bestowed npon tho gboet, ho aees it to bail water enoogh to swamp tho jnnh, ihut if tho bottom ean bo knookod ont and thrown at him ho disappears. In thia last caso tba aot mast bo accompanied by an in cantation, or the ghost tarns into a sea oappa— a many-clawed monster — who will drag tbo jnnk to tba bottom. Tho Japanese ara a gentle, ccnsitivo race, vory mnoh ondor the infiaenco of ' their emotions. Love with them is a eorioas matter, oilon ono ot lifo or death. Disap pointment in love or desertion frequently ends in suietdo. Sometimes tho girl bcoomos an avenger and implores tho gods to onrsa or visit with death the destroyer of bor peace. Tho passions which thrill and ferment the haman eoul aro as intense in far-away Japan aa in thosa lands which boast a higher civilisation. 