A VISIT TO ANTWERP. By " The Vagaboxd." The Great Eastern Railway not so very many years ago bore a name of evil repute amongst the travelling world of England. But under the present efficient management things in this respect have been altered for. the best. The traveller from London to Belgium, Hol land, the Rhine and Northern Germany can have no better . route than that by the Great Eastern Railway. From Liverpool-street sta- tion you traverse the flat eastern counties to Harwich, and thence by the best steamers crossing the Channel to Hamburg, to Rotter dam and to Antwerp. We turn in early to sleep calm and peacefully through the still night, the sea being as smooth as the proverbial mill pond. At daylight we awake to find that we are in the mouth of the Scheldt, off Flush ing, the passage between the Cork lightship and this river occupying only about seven hours. Then we steam swiftly uptho great, broad, muddy stream, the dim fog concealing the low, sandy shores of Walchcrcn which form the northern bank. Goldsmith, in his Tra vellcr, opens thus Remote, unfriended, melancholy, slow, ' Or by the lazy Scheldt, or wandering Po. . But this is a misnomer, for the stream is a swift flowing one, and commercially it is one of the great rivers of the world. The' Kingdom of Holland' lies bot h to north and to south, for this country possesses the shores on both sides of the mouth of the Scheldt. The Dutch Tricolor, the red, white, and blue plnced horizontally, in contradistinction to' the French colors, which are vertical,' is 'seen on little forts and on the gunboat at anchor ' in the stream. Holland, which possesses colonics as well as a coast border, needs a navy. The population is not much over 4,000,000, yot its marine forco consists of 7000 men and its army of 65,000 regular soldiers, irrespective of tlio National Guard. Against any of tho powerful European nations these forces would bo of little avail. The Dutch soldiers princi pally occupy themselves with keeping an eye on their neighbors, the Belgians. Looming through tho fogone sees theso forts; thograss covered bas tions running out into the water appear green and peaceful, and the flag of Holland floats above the sentinel as he lazily paces to and fro. At this, as at every other entrance into Europe, the traveller from Australia will be struck with the fact that the display of military power is tlic first thing to greet hitn. The long, low shores on each side remind us of the Yang-tzo-Kiang in China, but there is not bo much greenery here. Vegetation thrives slowly on these sand banks, land reclaimed from the sea. Tho water is a peculiar dirty green, unlike any I have seen elsewhere. Tho buoyed channel is not so good a one as that between Quebec and Montreal, in the St. Lawrence River, which tho harbor commissioners of the latter city, under the efficient control of their president, Mr. Andrew Robertson, have lately opened. This voyage up the Scheldt is a strange one,, and yea it is., with a sense of familiarity that we pass large steamers, dimly . outlined .through the . haze; anil sailing vessels, principally brigs, broad' of beam and with vast sterns, anchored in the stream. And when the fog rises we see on shore long rows of pophr trees and red tiled houses with green meadows and church spires hero and there acting as landmarks. All over the world one finds Dutch paintings the exact reproduc tions of every inilo of bank on each side of "the Scheldt. The stream narrows, the number of vessels at anchor increase, while on each side are strings of great barges, which navigoto the' canals to the Low Countries. Strange creatures are the mariners who smoke their early morning pipes on the dcoks of these craft. -This is sum mer time, yet theso Dutchman livo inside sev eral suits of clothes. Thoproecss of dressing must be- a lengthy one with them, which is perhaps tho reason they so seldom undress. Often, however, thoro is not a sign of life on any of these barges; excopt.thnt given by a little black dog which barks, not ferociously, but in warn ing notes, as . wo pass by. . This is. the " schippcrkin," . or. ."littlo . skipper, V a breed strange as that of tho turnspit dog, preserved only on tho barges of the canals throughout Holland. Small, of long body, with not much in the way of a tail, the little skippor is an affectionate beast, . but with Bharp senses, which make it invaluable as a watch dog. It is, in fact, the original of tlio "dog-watch." The sckipperkin has lately become fashionable in London, and threatens to oust the pug from his post of favorite amongst the ladies. Now we pass the limits of Holland and Belgium. On each border roil sentry boxes, built on piles in the stream, occupied by slocpysoldiers, represent tho majesty of tho different king doms. Rod tiled villages increase. The villages become suburbs, and. then Antwerp with its cathedral and churches and dense masses of buildings crowns the bank of tho river. As wo steam past the quays, one is struck with the vast arrangements for maritime traffic. The docks 'and basins and connecting canals; the railroad running all alongside the quay, are on a scale and in a stylo which' we have not yet realised in Australia. Mr. Lorimer scared all England with his report of tlio defenceless state of tho Thames, but his military soul would hnvc been satisfied if he had voyaged up the Scheldt and seen tho defensive preparations, and the Forts Isabella and Flanders. And Ant werp is worth defending. Within its walls nnd moat I am told the population is only some 200,000, but that population is con centrated. Antwerp, with its docks nnd quays and busy crowds in the streets, at first strikes tho Australian traveller as being quite as important nnd as large a city as Melbourne. I trust that in the coming centuries neither Melbourne or any other Australian city will liavo such a notable career as that of Antwerp. "Antwerp " is tho old Flemish name, which wo English have adopted. Anvcrs is the French or Belgian name, French being the language of commerce and law and society here, although tho large majority of the people still speak Flemish or Dutch. AllGovernmentand munici- pal proclamations are printed in both lan guages. As Melbourne owes its existence to the Yarra, so Antwerp was called into being by its situation on tho Scheldt, or in Belgian the Escaut, 60 miles from its month at the North Sea. : In the time of the Romans there was a settlement on the present site of Antwerp, which was a natural port of the Low Countries, Holland in fact being created somo centuries afterwards. But wherever there are rivers in Europe we find traces of the ravages of our Nor man ancestors. We read that 1050 years ago the Norsemen destroyed the town of Antwerp, hav ing voyaged up the Scheldt in great forco in their galleys. Throe hundred years ago Antwerp possessed 125,000 inhabitants, and we learn that it was tho town "tho most enterprising and the most magnificent in tho Christian world, surpassing even opulent Venice." Antwerp at that time was the greatest entrepot in Europe. Then came the rule of Spain, and of the Inquisition. Antwerp was besieged. The citizens bravely held out for over 14 months, but the town was taken at last, and 7000 people lost tlicir lives in tho sack. The atrocities committed by tho Spanish soldiers must have perpetuated the hatred felt for tho " Inquisition dogs and devilry of Spain. " The' commerce and prosperity of Antwerp "departed/ its population dwindled away, and at the time of the French Revolution it did not possess more than 40,000 souls. . Belgium became united toFrance under theDirectory and the Empire. Napoleon the Great strongly forti fied Antwerp. General Carnot, grandfather of the present head of thoFrench Republic, successfully dofeiidod Antwerp against the allied forces in 1814, and only gave up possession of the place after the Treaty of Faris.' Antwerp is, in fact, not only the strongest fortified place in Bel gium, but one of the first in Europe, and since the free navigation of tho Scheldt has been con ceded Antwerp has becomo one of the greatest ports. Last year its shipping totalled 4,000,000 tons. But enough of history and statistics— let us hasten ashore. On the quay our bodies and. baggage are fought for by the porters of tho different hotels in charge of the omnibuses belonging to their establishments. When will Melbourne hotel proprietors think it worth their while to add to the comfort of their guests, as well as to their own interests, by running omni buses to meet the intercolonial trains and steamers at our stations and wharfs? The stranger arriving in Melbourne has to take a hansom or waggonette and drive all round the town from hotel to hotel in search of house room. At Antwerp, as everywhere on the Continent, we .find the airy and con venient omnibuses of the different hotels, with attendant porters who can tell us what accommodation can be had, and with, your baggage you can bo i riven to your destination for the sum of one franc, instead of being mulcted in several shillings as you are likely to be here. I choose the Hotel, St. Antoine, having been recommended thereto by my dear friend, Mr. .David Christie Murray, who-resided for some, time in Belgium .studying the people. .1 .do not know if - the study repaid him.. Certainly oncVfirst experience of oi-Bc Brave Belye is that he is very courteous. The custom house officer posses my portmanteau without a" murmur. It maybe that lie sees in' my eye that I ain a thorough Protectionist, and would scorn.to smuggle. The drive to the Place Yerte, close to the cathedral, is through a busy part of ' the city. Great drays and waggons arc transporting goods to and from the quays. .Stolid looking working men in blue blouses and wooden shoes are drinking beer outside cafes. All the women one meets are without hats. They are round-faced, thiok-waisted, and take an extra size in sabots. If you go into any picture gallery and look at tho many Dutch paintings of the Virgin Mary, yon will see the portrait of the average working woman of Belgium. Everywhere ono sees announcements in tlio i two languages, French and Flemish. The words " Ingang " and "Uitgang," that is "Go in" and "Go out," which one sees on tho doors of tho public buildings are evi dences of the Saxon, that is tho low Dutch strain in our language. The words "Ncit Rookcn," "No Smoking," are not so easily understood by Britishers. Antwerp otherwise has a second class French look, and there are only two things which specially distinguish it. Tho first is the largo number of pigeon fanciers' establishments with the wonder ful announcements which they put on their walLs, this being the chief centre of pigeon flying in Europe. The second is the sight of dogs draw ing carts driven by big hulking Flemish brutes. These poor animals are of no special breed, like the lucky sckipperkin which is now dandled in the lap of royalty, but are bred anyhow for bono and strength, and their souls are early subdiioil to tli'o yoke and tho trace. Singly or in . pairs, thoy , pull little carts, slipping on the stones, halting and lame, kicked and cursed with the thick Flemish shoe and tlic gross Flemish' tongue. ' " It lias' been left on record, that: ".'our ariny .swore terribly in Flanders, " but ;ii6 ; one .of -English -bipod,: not. even tho: Queensland bushman or the Cali- fornian- stage -driver; can equal tho Flemish; peasant for indecent blasphemy. The common people have all - the worst vices of ilieir Frencli compeers, but few of their redeeming virtues. Living in the midst of art, past and present, the people of Antwerp are yet thoroughly degraded. Tho Hotel St. Autoine is worthy of its recom mendation. It possesses a charming court yard filled with fountains and flowers, where we breakfast in the open air under tho shado of the verandah. Our American cousin is of course here, as at overy hotel in Europe, and proves to bo very charming. After breakfast I walk to the Hue St. Paul to leave my letters of intro duction with the representative of Messrs. MTlwraith and M'Eachern, of Melbottrno and London, who have an establishment here. I wish to find out something about the anomalies of the shipping trade, it having been reported tomethat one etui send goods from London to Antwerp, and thence to Melbourne, cheaper than to Mel bourne direct. But after some hours spent on tlic Bourse I obtain very littlo information,' with tho exception that the Australian trado from this port is now nearly at an end. It is rather extraordinary, though, to stand in the throng at one end ' ot this vast build ing, with walls and galleries decorated and carved, roof of glass, floor of stone, and midst the Babel of tongues and the scent of every known tobacco to listen to two Englishmen disputing as to the terms of the charter of a vessel to Rockhnmpton. In overy part of the world Australia is now known. When I say disputing, the term must be understood as com parative. When Belgians wish to do serious busi ness with each other they purchase the biggest possible cigars, and smoke and tell each other talcs, till' they get to the stump before concluding matters. Englishmen have less imagination, and more respect for time. I suppose I am the first traveller who ever visited Antwerp who went to the Bourse before visit ing the Cathedral. Eut my friend Mr. Footman is anxious to iutroducc me to some of the princes of finance before I visit the store rooms of art. This is a very fine local habitation for commerce, and as I look round I wonder when we shall have anything like ,it in Melbourne. The present Exchange here is a disgrace to the city. On this Ant werp Bourse all the "nations of the world appear to be represented. There is a considerable Eng lish population here, but a far greater-and more - rapidly increasing German one. The Teuton tradersarc undercutting Englishmen in every line, of business. The Hebre.v, chief of all the traders of the earth, is very prominent. Here one sees the English Jew, tho French Jew, the Belgian Jew, the German Jew, tho Russian Jew. He is the one man to be found in every nation, superior in his power of money making to the inhabitants of every nation. Heine, himself a Jew, says that "they were always men, strong unyielding men," and fjiiakspeare probably gives the text of a large amount of their success iu the words of Slivlock — I crave the law. The penalty and forfeit of my bond. Commerce at Antwerp is cosmopolitan. Be fore tiie Spaniards sacked and ruined this city, it , is eaid that a thousand foreign mercantile houses were represented here. Now, I daresay there are 10,000. Antwerp reeks of Rubens, tho politician painter. A student of tho Jesuits he gave to he church all his talents as an artist, being no doubt very well paid in return. Antwerp was at this time a great stronghold of "Holy Church." Macaulay, in " Ivry," writes — IIo 1 Philip, send, for charity, thy Mexican pistoles, That Antwerp monks may sing a mass for tliy poor spearmen's souls. Rubens had a great eye for color, and could have given George Gordon points in that re spect. In his celebrated Descent from the Cross in tho cathedral here, St. John, tlic be loved disciple, is clothed in a red nightgown, with tho object of setting off the body tints of tho dead Jesus. There is something so de cidedly theatrical in this that the religious, critic, and the critic who is not reli gious,. but possesses a soul imbued with' a .desire to see fitness in all tilings, feels a sense, of: repulsion at viewing what many' artists con sider the masterpiece of Rubens. Rubens per petuates the features of liis wife and daughter anil mistresses inthe features and. figures of the Virgin and the Magdalene and other holy; women. Artists seem to liave . seen, nothing incongruous in such " studies. " It is historical that Titicn mnde his daughter stand for certain of his studies of tho nude. I frankly admit that I soon got tired of Rubens in the cathedral, anil in the other show churches of Antwerp, which seem to be converted into pic ture galleries. In England sculpture takes tlic place of painting in our houses of worship. Westminster Abbey, one of the most glorious fanes In Europe, is disfigured by a heterogeneous collection of sculptured stones commemorating the virtues of patriots and placemen, till one is reminded of the tombstone makers' establish ment in the New-road. Antwerp churches remind me of the Grosvenor Gallery. These Flemish painters have perpetuated the Saviour and Saints after their own images, and thoy are generally all yery coarse and vul gar. Not but what Feter-Faul was a very fine, handsome fellow himself, as his statue and portraits represent. Antwerp worships the memory of Rubens. They show yon tlic house which he built, and in which lie died. At certain seasons they crown his statue. They make more of him altogether than English people do of Shnkspeare, whose shoes no painter who ever lived is worthy to unlatch. But one recognises tiiat at the time of ihc founding of Spanish and priestly dominion Rubens nnd his disciples were the only things Antwerp could be proud of. Antwerp has a fine town hall and a palace devoted to the service of King Leopold tlio Second, when he should take it into his head to visit this city. Soldiers are on guard in front of this building. I am told there arc other royal palaces in various Belgian cities, which makes royalty here expensive, and Bolginn royalty is the most dissipated in Europe. Leopold the Second, as ono of tho friends nml guides of Princo " Tummy," had a good deal to do witii the youthful eccentricities of "the Coming King. But Antwerp at tlio bottom is fairly demo cratic, although it is tho democracy of wealth. The old proverb goes that Antwerp prided itself oil its financiers, as Brussels did upon its men of liamo and family, and Bruges upon its pretty girls. Financiers cannot stand a, despot who. will he likely at any tihie to mnko thorn disgorge their gains. .A good' Constitutional Monarchy or a nVbdcrater Republic i» tlio -best' Government under which"; -to make money- Belgium may be said to bayo -a ..Constitutional -. Monarchy, -.tempered ;by royalty; .drawing its pay \ regularly. The most 'interesting thing in Antwerp .to fno " luis" nothing' "to "do' 'with ; kings .Lot with painters, '-but- is the" Plantin Museum; tlio quaint old Flemish house where Christopher I'iantin. of Tournine, died in 1589, after- 34 yeiiis' \vorfc there as a printer. Tho establish ment was carried on by liis son-in-law and liis successors. It was the greatest religious print ing press in tho world, the I'iantin firm having a monopoly of printing all the prayer books for "Holy Church" in the Spanish dominions. Hero one finds the earliest form of presses and of type, and specimens' of work on copper anil stool, which it would be linnl to surpass nowadnys. This house now belongs to the municipality of Antwerp. The passing Btmnger can hero wander around anil view tho :i>rint; ing room and kitchen linil dining hall nnd bedrooms, all preserved in1, tho :stato of 300, years ago, mid peopld - tliom ' with; tlio ghosts of- tlio master . printers who wore .their swords iu token of their vocation, and of the humble apprentices, who might aspire to, hut could never in time reach, Mich an exalted position, for ono printing mesa supplied all the needs of the Catholic Church at that period In the present, so far ns the art of printing is concerned, the Belgian no »«naner3 arc about the worst in the world, an t in tho matter of news, outside market prices and stocks and shares, .are not equal to our journals at Bauarat or Bcndigo. _ TJ1C Antwerp people are proud of their park. In the afternoon the great world drives around it, by the Avenue Rubens or Qiicntin Matsys, or Van Eyck. Tho private bouses around tlio park are desirable residences. There is a better stylo here than you sco in Australia. Tlio park lias roads running across it and around tlic Jake and shrubberies anil Jawns, which arc not in any way enclosed. "Why should wc ill Moibounio make of our public reserves closed paddocks with gates and palisades. It seems to mo there is 110 reason why many of tho strips of reserved land, such as one finds along Victoria ami "Wellington parades, or by tlio Burke and Wills monument, should not have the palings pulled down and bo quite free to the people as at Antwerp and other cities on tlio Continent. Certainly in the matter of public reserves, and of statues, and of frco shows like tho Museum, the people of Antwerp have been well supplied by the State. Bat I tlnnk the pcople as a whole care as little about art as the inhabitants of Croajingolong. It 1 recorded by Captain Marryat that a sailor having three wishes to gratify, asked for rum anil tobacco, anil was unable to decide on any other luxury or necessity till the happy thought struck him of "more rum." So iu Antwerp L think- the people would call out for "more beer," with an occasional change to gin. . The atmosphere, of .ancient ari-tcinpers the money making spirit of Antwerp, but it has no effect upon the amusements of the people. This j a far more drunken place than Melbourne. Tho "long shore"' life on the quays, where sailors of all nationalities are to be found, is worse thnn any English port I know of. Tho theatre and the opera meet with little patronage. Young Antwerp from the highest to the lowest finds its greatest enjoyment in tlic music nnd beer halls. Young Antwerp, like young Belgium generally, has domcsticarraiigementsunsanctifiedbythccimrch. There are few more wicked places than this city of Mammon, of Art, and of Fancy Pigeons. There are no roses to disguise, this wickedness. If you want to study national character it is necessary to see people at their amusements. After one has hail the experience of orderly Australian shows one gets disgusted with the round of Antwerp music balls, with their pretty debutantes without voices, and fat old women whose stock in trado is 'a leor and imlcccnt chorus, and second class gymnasts from London, and witii the pose piastiqucs in which the nude is made anything but attractive by the want of figure of the models. To me tho nightly life led in Antwerp by old and young is sad and melancholy. The only delight of tho people seems to be in the coarsest of pleasure. Our young Anstraliaus with their cricket, and football, and rowing, and athletio mania generally, but without a spark ot" art in their composition, are better and purer in - their lives than the money making Flemings 1 see here, wiio cram Rubens and Quentin Matsys down my throat. Life passed between a mad rush in the sc-rvice of Mammon and the lowest sensuality may drive somo to the .Monas tery of La Trappo, and others to tho neighbor ing lunatic settlement at Gheel, which I should visit, but that I iiavo already described them in days gone by. For myself, I think I should become a fitting inmate for this latter village of madmen if I stayed many days in tlic vicinity of the Antwerp Githedrai, from whence ail night long the hour is l ung out in deep chimes. The-, gcuinx who invented these wonderful clock s was - an enemy to mankind. . 