THE DIAMOND COTERIE, BY LAWRSI^CiE LYNCH. ????'??'?;?? ?' .- OHAPTEE XVI. (Continued,.} jFbank roused himself from hio lozy position, and locked interested!, Be took a secret de lighe in oanoyinR Bumll, when he could do it i without too much opeaneon or display of paalico I prapentrej and bore ro&s; one o? bia opportunities '|Wol], Sybil, you shan't be hungering in vain,' ha replied, Gallantly. 'Nome your hom* ond yoa? QteetS, and 1 r/ill even sacrifice my lest best Eaormng nap, if seed be.' Sybil loughed liakfclv. 8 We wilt bavo n moderately seasonable break (fast, Frnnlr, not to moke youv sacrifice foogk'eat ; and I v?f.'l ride G-retehea. Poos.1 thing ! she will almost have forgotten Hie now.' ''Then tout io settled,1 yeplied Frank, tran= -$uilly, QQd gloncing furtively toward Bnmll, ^he Was beginning to wrigglo uneasily in bis dbair. * Do yon want to go anywhere in pcrti« eulav, oio P' 'No, unless job leave me for a while afc Wqv doTai? Plnee ; I want to see dotbq of Gon.'s new -3reso0D. Yon cqq rid© into tov/n and call fo? raae later.' 'Ah I voij nice arrangement; then I con'fc call with you?' 18 Decidedly not, oie, Who wants q man &lv7Bya; aboat? They cro convemoneeo, aofi blessings.' 'Ob, well, I'm extinguished. I promise to vaaish from your gose ao soon aa you eve within the goteo of the Princess of Wardour, and now 1 think, after so much vocal eSoi-t, and go much Qelf-btiEaiHation, I will go and smote. Adiea, oiste? mine; adieu mamma, Will you smoke, BufviII P' *No' oil?, thonk you,' replied Bumll, with Tbeief oooi'teoy, and Prank, who knew beforehand what Mo cnnwQE would be, went toward his own room, smiling contentedly. '1 wondet- whofo up with Sybil P' ha said to faisaneK, {Sho hap waked up decidedly; bat ohe hoa let herself in fora rampua with Barrill,' I When be had gone Sybil rose, ond seating hei1 cell? nenv hoe mathsi1, said : 'Momma, you were saying gomething about going the city yesterday ; have yon decided about it P' [ la Laniotte, who had hod no thought of going to fcho city, and who was conscious thofc dbg had made bo vemarks on the subject, looked up without; a ruffle upon hor placid countenance, and replied, like n wise and good mother. 'No, my child, I hove not decided.' 'Tbea, when you decide to go, inform me beforehand, njQm&jQ.; I think I ohould like to accompany you and do oomo shopping ros; mv oelf.' Hsre Bnyyill showed paob moyked' pyrap*oraa ok outb-reak thnfc Mv. Lumotte who, throughout fche hour they had pr-s«ed in the drGV,'inf.-,-)'ooni, had been o qniet bat oloae obsei'vpy, thonfiht it wise^to interpose, ond arf fully attempted to avert the impending otorm by osying : ' ' Now that seema natural.' I'm glad that yon ; feel like chopping, Sybil, and like getting out , more. Very glad, aren't you, Ban-ill?' i Bat Mr. Barrill had no notion of being thus | appeased ; instead of spiking a gun Janper L-\\- I motte had opened a buttery. 'I'm delighted to heat1 that Mi's. Buvvill him i stopped moping,' ho said gruffly ; Ibnt I'll ba i hanged. if I'm glad to heav myself left out of all the programmes, ond I'll be ou«ned if I'm eoing to put up with it, either/ and Mv. Burrill, being ? full in more senses than one, arose anr3 paced the room with more fierceness than yegnlavity. ; Mr, Lamofcto foi'got bimnelf go far ag to utter ao anfjry impvecation between hia shuf; teeth, end to wriDkle his forehead into r. dark frown. Mjd. Lamotte allowed a ohado of ooatempt to creep about1, hes.5 lips as she turned her eyes upon hei? Saughtei?, but Sybil looked not ono whit disconcerted. ; s i'ce got s^tBP--hing to psy aboxit my wife,' went on Mv. Bumll, 'uud I'm blest if I don't aay it.' WhrA had come qvor Sybil? Hetetofovo cho would in any v/i!.y0 in ovary V7ay, hsivo avoided Dn oacountor with him ; she would have quitted the field ov havo remained dee,? ao a post; but now, s Bay it, then, Mr. Bareili, Buy ir, by oil saermo, hei-o and ho\7,' [olio votosted'io tlio oool= oufi. voieo k-sn^iQcMo. And Mr, Barrill did say it. 'I've bad enough of beiop made a fool of, Mrs. Sybil Bars-ill ; I've had enough of^ bein^; a carpet under your foet-. r.nd nothing better. I'm your equals and n-ny body's equal, that's what I am, and I'm going to bave my Fights. ZVe very well for you to announce that you're going here and gofog there, Mm Burrill j but. let me tell yuu that you ^o nov7hoeo escept J-'»hn Burrill coee with yon, that's settled.5 S.vb'l lao^bcd scornfully. li-lo(c quite so fsot, Mr. Barrill, just stfend Ftill one moment, if you can stand still, which [ doubt. Yog «ay you will sccompany me where ever I go. I say yon may accompany me wherever psople will tolerate you, nowhere elos. You ere not- the man to force into a gentleman's parlour ; you would disgrace fain kitchen, his stable. The streets are free to all. You can accompany me in my drives ; the ohu?cbes are open to the vilest, yon cen go with ! ma there j but info the housep of toy friends vcu nholl not no 5 I will not so abuse friondehin. You huvsi counted upon me to gem you entree £0 Wardnur end to c douen hounea, the thre sholds of which you will never cross. If you are not. satisfied with this, then you muGt b? oaited with less. I will not be seen with yoa at all.' Again Jaspev Lamotte, vexed and alarmed fov the denonmenf, interposed ; knowing she wag striking atBuvsill's chief weakness : 4 But Sybil, Miss Wardour, here in her meet ings with Basrill3 tacitly reooguized hia right to call.' She turned upon him swiftly. 1 You know why Qhe did it, aim ; if; is Kselean to dioouas the question. You may calm _Mr. Burrill in any way you please 0? can. You know the tesmo on which he became my husband. He will continue my huaboad on my owq terms. He shall aot cross the threshold of Ward our, protected by my presence, aod without it the door would be closed in his face. If Mr. Burrill does not like my terms, let him say so. Ifc is not in his powei? or you?s to alter my decision/ And Sybil once more gathered together her silken okirts, lest in passing they should brush tbe now oollopoed Mv, Burrill, ond swept fj.:om the room. Mi?. Lomotte turned to his wife. 5 You must talk with that girl,' he said, savagely, ' what the devil oils you all ?' Mrs. Lnmotte arose and face him* 5 1 should be westing my breath,' she replied, looking him straight in the eye. ' You have tried that girl a little too far, Mr. Lamotte/ and she followed after hor daughter. A rear, not unlike the bellow o£ 0 bell, re called Mr. Lamofcto to the huainos3 ot the momeat, having recovered from his momentary Qtupos? of af'tooishiBont, was dancing an improvised and unsteady can-can, c-mong the chairs and tables, beating the air with hia huge fisti?, and bowling with i-age. Seeing thif, Mr. Ltmotte did first a very natural thing; ho uttered a string of oafcho, not loud, but deep,' and next a very osnsiblo f,hing ; he rang for brandy and hot watov, And now the battle ia in Mr. Lamotto's hands, why need we linfves?. Brandy hot will u1v7gjg conquer a John Borrill. chaptee' xvii. THE PLAY GOE'i ON. When Sji-bil Burrill, attei1 uttering hey de fionco in the face of lather uud hualiimd, had swept from the room, closely followed by her mot hor, another- form moved uwuy fvom the 1n1tnediQfceviciDifyoft.be most accessible dravt'o ing-room window — the form of Evan LsvboHo. Crouching, creeping, shivering, cuveins. he made his way to the cpot where he bad left Fi'sak'o borne, end lod it toward the Btoblee. Anything bat sober whea he comvrser.cad h-;a vigil underneath the drawing-room wiodow'-, he bad been shocked into sob?iary by hia sister's violence, and his own rogo against bet1 tormen toYQ Growing mos© and more sober, and more oad more sullen, bo atabled the ill-uaod thoroughbred with bio own hands, and then, avoiding olike both so? van s and rDmilys ho c?ept into the house, and up to hip own voom, In the moi'ning he av/oko boiiffes, nod arose pvoroptly ; ho hnd coqjo -okfiow the h&bua; of. hie futiiav :vad John Bua'iil, aad be h.A good I'BQGoa i'or knowl-ip; thom, ljavia|.? o£ lule mvAo tboir Kjovemont1- li'O stody, Barrill would aloep until nino o'oiook ; he al= VFays did aiMer a debcack, and be, Evan, had recently fovmod a htibifc oi appeMin;; luto at teofilsfoco dco, Fi'om kb mom ho Iroyi} vy ci surveillance over all the household after a method invented by himself. Ee IiQev7 whea his stately mother swept down to the breakfast room, followed soon after by his father. The family all aimed, to breakfast before the obnoxious Burrill had corae to his waking time, and so were rid of. him for one meal, all but Evan-, fie and hia brother-in-law breakfasted together later, and in the most amiable manner. After a time. he heard Frank go down, and the ring of his heels assured Eran that he was equipped for the saddle. A little later, and from his post at his front window, soreened by the flowing ourtsinp, Evat* saw the homes led around, saw Sybil comedown the steps in her trailing, daik cloth habit, saw her spring lightly to the saddle, and heard e mocking laugh ring out, in response to soms sally from Frcnk, as they canferod awcy. 1 4efc one in the insurrection,' se,id Evan, as ha turned away horn the window. ' Nor/ let me prepare fo? action.' His preparations were few and pimple ; he removed his boots and coat and crept out, and tioftly vlong the ball until he reached Burrili's door. Here hs paused to as sure himself that he wns aofc observed;, and than softly tried the door. ; as he hid expected, ifc opened without resistance, for Barrill had been escorted to bed by hia faith ful father-in-law, in a state of mollownesis that precluded all thought for the night, or the dangers it might bring forth, Evan entered, cautiously closing the door as he had found it, and approached the bed. Its occupant wdg sleeping heavily, acd breathing melodiously. Satisfied on this point, Even opened a com modiouo wardrobe near the bed. threw down some clothing, spread it out smoothly, and thea stepping within, ha drew tho doors togethei, fastening them by a hook o£ his own contrivance, on tho inside ; fo? Evnn had made this wardrobe do service before. Then he laid himself down aa eomfei'tably os possible, and applied his eye to some small holes punctured in the dcrk wood, end quite invisible to casual outside observa tion. He had begun to gvovT' voatleso iu his hiding place, and fiercely divgusted with the aleeper'o monotonously musical whistls, when his wait ing was rewarded. The door once again opened cautiously, and this time Jasper Latnotte en tered.- He looked carefully about him, then closing End locking the door, he approached the sleeper. ' I knew it,' thought Evee ; ' the fos will catch the wolf napping, and nail him before he can fortify himself with s morning dram.' It took Rome time to nrousa the sleeps:;', but Jasper LcitEotte was equal to tho occasion ; this not being his first morning interview with his son-in-law ; and, alter a little, John Barrill was sufficiently awake to eemrnblc through with a hcisfcy toilet, talking 03 he dressed. 6 Business is getting uvgeot/ lie grumbled, thrusting a huge foot into v, gorgeously deco p&ted; slipper. ' I'd Eethei' talk aftei* break» 0 ant.1 ' Pshaw, you oro alwaya druok enough to be unrcBBonable before noon. Turn oome cold water upon your head, and be ready to attend to what I havo to say/ What he had to Envy took g long timo ia fcho telling, for ifc V7&3 a long, long hour before fcho conference bi'obe ap, and the two men left tiio room together. Than the doors of the wardrobe opened olowly, and a pale, piijchsd face looked fovth ; foilowivig „ the face ccmo the form ok Evan Livaotto, fht'ken as if with on ague. Maebani o,'.lly-he closed the wardrobe, ond ateggered, jrd'liov than walked, from the room. Qoee more within hi.cJ own room ho locked the door with an ansfcoady band, ana then threw himself head long upon tho besdj uttering gi-oan diei1 gvoan, as if in pain. Affcor a time ho ai'oso from the bod, still look ing as if ae had Been a ghost, end, going to a desk, opened it, and took thorefrooi a capacious drinking fla&k; ; yaidng it to his hpa he drained brJf its contents, and the Qtimulant acting upon overstrained nerveo, oeemed to restore E'athc-r then to intoxicate. 'Athist,' he Eauttfs'od b himsalf, 'lama! the bottom oi tho mystory, and — I cm powov Uob.' Then, like' hia ciGuoi' en the previous day. hs mxittevod, ' TIk^o ia bat oae vray— only one — and ifc sasuat ba done ! ' Then throwing him so'l oaoe Effioi'o upon tho bod, ho moanool : cOh, tliQfc I, tho r:ocnLn!!od of the family, hei'6 tovoi'9, Dhonkl livo to foil— but pohnv? ; i'c is for 0y!)j), I ooyoo But— 'i'oi' to-dcy lot thorn ell Jxooy out of my sight — I could not see them and hold my peace.' After that morning interview with his father in-law, John Barrill blusters less for a -few dayo and makes himself Ie3s disagreeable to the ladieSj He accr-pts the situation, ov seems to ; ha rides out on one or two sunny afternoons with Mrs. Lamotte and Sybil, and on one of these occasions thoy mot Constance Wardour, driving with fner auuf. Tho heiress of Wardout' smiles gayly and kisses the tips of her fingers to tho ladies, but there is no chance fo? him— ho might be the foottn&o; fov all Constance seems to see ov know to the contrary. This happens ia a thoroughfare where they rsre more than likely to be observed, and John Barrill chafeg inwardly, and begins to ponder hor? he can, in the faco of all ths Livnotteo, gain q recognition from Constancs Wurdour. Iq hia sobeg moments this beoom6u r, haunting thought 3 in bio tipsy ouen.ifc grown to be a mania. One duy, during thif lull in the family siege, Sybil and he? mother visit ths city, doing g mountain of shopping, and returning nest day. Sybil keeps on as she began, on the night whea nhe listened to her father and huoband, while they hold council in her mother's room. She is full of energy and nervous excitement always8 and the old stupor of dullness, ond apotheo tic killing of time, neve? once returua. Bat Mrs. Lamotte hkec this last state not much better than the firgt ; neither does Con« atanco ; but they say nothing, for the reason that it would be useless, as they know too well, Sybil goes oufc oftener, sits with the family more, and seems like ono waiting ansionaly foe e, long-oBspecsted event. John Burrill io c, little disturbed at Sybil's visit to the city. He knowo thofc ahe will gd and come as ohe pleases thero, unqueotioned,, and, if she choose, unattended by hep mother. And, without knowing why, he Soolo inclined to robel ; but he is still under the apell of that morning interview, and, so holds hia peace. Evan, too, under the same ttneanny npeil, goes about more morose than usual, more silent than usual, move sarcastic than nouol. More cod more, too, he attaches himself to John Burrill ; they drink togethos? in the dining-. room., and then repair togethev io S! Old Forty ?Rods,' op some other favourite haunt. To« gethei1 they seek for pleasure ia £ho haunts o£ the vilest, Even continually playing upon the vanity and credulity in Burrill's nature, to push him forward, as the leader in all their debauches, the master opirifc, the bon vivanfc, pas excel' leace. And Burrill goes on and on, down and down. He begins to confide all his raoudlin woos to Evan, and that youug mun is ever ready with sympathy and advice that is not calculated to jBsko Jasper Lamotte's poaitioaj gd beai' trainer, a Bineouye. But Evan contrives to leave Sybil tolerably free from tbia nuisanoo foi' a time ; but only foe a time. John Burrill has other advisers, othee oshorterB, other spurs that urge him on to his own downfall. Burrill begins to thyow himnoli in the waj 0! Constance Wardour ; to meet her carriage here und there ; to stand neai' by aa ohe goeo and coraes on her ohopping esouroiouo ; to ddve paat Wuvdous Place alone and often. Afc first, this only amuses Mina Wardourj then ifc annoys her ; theas when she Snds hep walks in the grounds so often overlooked by the olowly pasoing Barrill, she begins to mark his macoaavres with a grovring vexatic3o. Bat Burrill perGeveves, and tho more nearly he approaches tha fourth stage of intoxication, tho more opoa bocornes his stare, the more patent hio growing admiration. (To be continued,.) 