TALE. Lady Postlethwaite's Will. 'Phil,' said my father, 'here's a note from Lady Postlethwaite. She wants to see me this morning to take instructions for a codicil to her will. I cannot go, so you must.' I received the suggestion with sufficient ungraciousness. It upset my plans for a rapid dispatch of office work that morning and an afternoon's holiday on the ice at Hendon. 'Lady Postlethwaite doesn't know me,' I demurred. 'Wouldn't she rather wait till you are better?' 'Bless my soul!' interrupted my father, testily. 'When did you ever know me to get better? The fit is due, sir! I feel it flying about me at this moment, and here you go, aggravating it with your stupid, paltering objections. Do you mean to go, or do you not?' 'Of course I'm going, as soon as I get the address. I only thought of your being her old and confidential friend——' 'Old friends be——!' exploded my father, and then I knew it was gout. A false alarm made him 'bless his soul' occasionally, but nothing short of the real thing ever drove a profane expletive from those God-fearing lips. I knew my father's visits to his client were solemn undertakings, lasting half the day at shortest, and inwardly resolved to astonish his valued old friend into a more rapid des- patch of her affairs, so as to get away before the afternoon waned. I had never seen Lady Postlethwaite. I only knew that she had a large fortune and was much exercised as to its eventual disposal. 'Lady Postlethwaite's will' came round as regularly in my father's diary as a quarter day and about as fre- quently. I journeyed in a sulky mood through the frost fog to the suburban region where 'Deodara Lodge' then stood. A smart villa residence with much glass and orna- mental shrubbery surrounding it. There was an air of trim luxury, of a costly, quiet sort about the whole place. The little smil- ing maid servant who opened the door was the only incongruity. She trotted before me down a warm, hushed hall to a door through which she ushered me and left me alone, as I thought. The room was rich and sombre, heavy with mahogany, gloomy with damask. A bright fire snapped and sparkled in a marvel- lously polished steel grate; over the mantel- piece, in a gorgeous gilded frame, hung a portrait of a little gray man in the full splen- dour of aldermanic robes, and in front of the fire in the depths of a great leathern arm-chair a little old lady slumbered soundly. A comfortable, rosy-cheeked old lady, with grayish brown curls pinned at each side of her placid little face, a very smart cap, diamond rings on her plump little mittened fingers, and a satin gown, in the lap of which rested a religious newspaper and a tortoise- shell cat, which opened one sleepy eye as I softly approached over the thick Turkey car- pet. The next minute puss' mistress had sprung to her feet bolt upright and wide awake, and, catching the cat deftly with one hand, gave mine a cordial shake with the other. 'Phillip Austen! No mistake about that!' she exclaimed. 'Eh, but you're like your good father! So you caught me napping, I've done a long morning's work, the hard- est in the house, I sometimes think; and I'm not so young as I was. Put down that hat and take your coat off. That's better. Now you'll just have a glass of wine and a piece of cake after your journey.' The little maid came in to answer to the bell, but I strenuously protested that I could eat nothing, that my time was limited, that I never touched wine in the morning. Lady Postlethwaite looked as honestly discon- certed as if I had been guilty of some breach of etiquette, but beckoned the maid and gave her a bunch of keys and some lengthy and minute whispered directions which I feared referred to luncheon. I delivered all my father's explanations and apologies. 'An old gentleman crippled with gout! And that's what handsome Phil Austen has come to! The neatest dancer and the finest figure of a young fellow that you could see upon a time. A noble pair they made—he and Miss Anne Hooper. Eh, lad, lad! but it's a sad thing to grow old; or it would be, if it weren't for you young ones being left to us.' She looked at me with such kindly eyes that I felt ashamed of my impatience. 'Did your father send me nothing by you?' she asked. I gave her a sealed envelope which she opened. It only contained a small key. 'This is a fancy of mine. Look here,' she said. It fitted the lock of a central compartment in a large bookcase that stood in the room. A tall, narrow space between the shelves of books, evidently intended to contain maps or engravings. It was only a few inches in width and the glazed panel of its door looked hardly wider than the slit of a letter- box. It was empty saving for a long blue envelope tied with fancy ribbon and sealed with a large red seal. She took this out. 'This is my will, you see. I can look in through the glass at it every day, if I like, and know that it's safe, but I am secured from tampering with it except with the know- ledge and consent of your father. That is Sir Josiah's old seal. You see there is only my name and the date outside the envelope, though no one could possibly read anything through that glass if they tried.' She broke the seal and opened the inclosed document, looking wistfully at me as she did so. 'To think of your red shoes and sash—coming to help me with this weary weight of money. A quarter of a million! An awful charge for one poor old body. And not one brought up to the posi- tion, either: your father will have told you that?' 'He once said something—' I hesitated. 'Told you I was Sir Josiah's cook, most likely,' she said, smoothing out the sheets of paper with a composed smile. Well, I wasn't. I was his kitchen maid. She stopped enjoy- ing my look of surprise, then nodded at the alderman over the chimney piece. 'Yes, there he is, a knight and alderman of the city of London. I must tell you how it came about, as your father hasn't done so. You're sure you'll not take a glass of wine first?' I declined again and yet again before she began her story, settling her cap ribbons and stroking the cat into a contented purr. 'Yes, I was kitchen maid at Sir Josiah Postlethwaite's fine establishment in Blooms- bury square. There were three other servants and nice times they had of it. All the house to themselves from breakfast till Sir Josiah returned about 6 o'clock from the city. Once or twice a week there might be company at dinner, and very grand dinners those were. All the rest of the week nothing particular to do, or, if there was, I had to do it. I never set eyes on my master till one day, about 12 o'clock, he came home unexpectedly and rang the library bell. The butler was on some errand of his own, the housemaid getting a new dress tried on, so I had to answer it. 'I'm not very well,' he said. 'Can you get me something to eat—and a glass of wine?' What a temper cook flew into! She wasn't going to serve meals to anybody. I got it at last, but the butler had the wine-cellar and sideboard keys in his pocket. However, Sir Josiah could nothing after all, 'What's your name—you are a new-comer, are you not?' he asked. 'Bessy Allison? And you you come from Workington!' and he looked quite pleased. The butler came in just then so I went back to the kitchen. Presently down came my gentleman looking very white and flustered. 'I'm going,' he says, 'Me and master have had a difference.' Then he and the others had a talk together in the pantry. 'Bessy, master says you're to go down to Dr. Shaw—No. 15—just across the square.' I thought he might have told me sooner, but I ran at once. I was kept some time, and when I got back I found the door opened, but not a creature down stairs only all their boxes fastened up and labelled in the scullery. Master and I were left alone in the house, and he was sickening for fever, so the doctor said. 'Nurses weren't to be had then as they are now; and besides, Sir Josiah wouldn't let any one near him but me. So a woman was got to do the rough work, and I nursed him day and night till he got better. As soon as he was well he asked me to marry him. He wasn't the sort of sweetheart I'd fancied to have—poor little old gentleman— but I'd saved his life, and couldn't bear the thoughts of deserting him now, so I said 'Yes,' and never repented it. He was a good husband to me while he lived, and, when he died, left me every penny he pos- sessed, just to do as I chose with.' 'It's a great responsibility,' I said, in- wardly wondering how soon we might get to business. She shook her head solemnly. 'It's not the mere giving away of the money; it's the seeing that it does no mischief that troubles me. You see I've no kin of my own to whom I might rightfully leave it all nor are there any alive of Josiah's. Then I thought of his first wife, poor soul, a born lady, who helped him and loved him while he was young and poor, and died just as the good times were coming. I've tried to find Mrs. Postlethwaite's people out and do what I can for them. And there's charities enough to swallow the whole amount, but your father made me promise to take nothing on trust, but to find out for myself how they would be likely to spend it if I gave it them; and that has been a long job, and a heart breaking one. I'm nearly settled now, but there are still changes to be made.' She turned over the leaves of the will making comments on each bequest, while I made a few ineffective notes, and strove to possess my soul in patience. I was rewarded. She ended by producing a most business- like little list of the aaditions she desired. They were few and trifling till we came to the last, over which she paused and hesi- tated. 'Colonel, the Rev. Vandenhoff St. George, £50,000.' I opened my eyes, as well I might. 'Did you never hear of him? I thought every one must know the great work he's been doing in the West End. The con- verted dragoon, the paper here calls him. He has his Tuesday and Friday meetings here, too—an afternoon tea for ladies on Tuesdays and a smoking concert for gentle- men on Fridays. He's a grand speaker. You must come and hear him. I want to ?????? of his own, as the clergy won't have him in the church. Now, when will you come and meet him?' I was prepared with an evasion, but just then the door opened, and a fur-clad young lady entered briskly, carrying a violin case. She stopped when she saw me and, with a pretty gesture of apology, withdrew. 'You can come in, Letty. We've done all our business. How did the rehearsal go off? You're just in time to show Mr. Austen the azaleas before lunch. You'll not mind being left to Letty for half an hour, Mr. Phillip? There are soms things I think I can do better myself than anyone else, and a vol-au-vent is one of them.' I made another effort to escape—a feeble one this time—and, having collected my papers found myself following 'Letty,' or 'Miss Dorrian,' as I discovered her name to be, through the hall into a large conservatory with its banks of bloom—the dear old lady's one extravagance, as I was informed. 'She'll spend her money royally for otheer people's good—or their pleasure—that's the best good to some of us, you know,' laughed the girl. Two little maids, in big aprons and mop caps looked up from scrubbing the encaustic tiles as we passed. 'Look at them—miserable little lodging- house slaveys when she discovered them. She'll teach and train them into perfect little servants—she has the gift—and then, when she might begin to get some comfort out of them, send them off into good places and be- gin all over with a series of incapables. The house is full of them—and of us.' 'Who are 'us'?' I inquired, as we made our way from the azaleas into the palm house 'Odds and ends, waifs and strays of girls wanting holidays or music lessons, or pretty frocks, or anything we can't get and she can give us. She's a saint upon earth,' Miss Dorrian went on with enthusiasm it was pretty to see. 'A comical, cozy, comfort- able saint, helping the needy, never sparing herself, wise and kind and unselfish. Why shouldn't a saint wear satin gowns and smart caps?' I was unable to raise an objection, so we wandered on from the palms into the orchid house and so back again, by which time I had mentally voted skating very poor fun and Hendon the last place I wished to see that afternoon. Just as we gained the entrance to the hall Miss Dorrian stopped suddenly. A loud, im- perative knock and ring resounded through the house. Then a loud, imperative voice in- quired for Lady Postlethwaite, and some one passed in with a heavy martial tread. 'That man again!' she whispered with a black frown. 'Do you know him? That converted Colonel?' 'Salvation Army rank, I suppose?' 'Nothing so respectabe. Her Majesty dispensed with his services for some very good reasons that his friends don't care to inquire into. He says he has a mission to the upper classes. I don't know what he does in the West End, but here all the little suburban gentilities run after him to revel in the society of the aristocratic fellow- convicts he intro- duces them to. Lord Levant relates his turf experiences with penitence and abasement, and Lady Mildred Bagley holds forth about the dark days when she was a worldling and a society beauty.' 'I know them both professionally. Not in connection with any thing like a religious ser- vice by any means, unless it's the collection.' We had gained the drawing-room door and Miss Dorrian nodded, laughed and left me to enter by myself. The reverend Colonel stood with his big feet firmly planted on the white rug before the fire. A tall, broad-shouldered fellow, floridly good-looking, and with a loud ag- gressive manner. Lady Postlethwaite, in a fresh and smarter cap, sat in a low chair be- neath him looking up admiringly. She introduced me in a pleased little flutter, whereon he drew himself up smartly like a sentry on duty. 'Friend or enemy? Give the counter- sign.' This startling reception was, I imagined, a bit of affectation, so I made a point of being quite unimpressed, returned the stare of his black eyes with a bland smile and re- plied: 'As I don't happen to know which side you are on, suppose you consider me a neutral.' 'Which side I am on?' he began , but I refrain from a full report of the discourse which followed. If he was in earnest it was in the worst of taste; if not, simplp blas- phemous. 'I shall enlist you yet. You are a recruit after my own heart,' he concluded, slapping me on the shoulder as we went into luncheon. He gave us a long grace, much edifying my dear old hostess, and then proceeded to rejoice her heart by a thorough and frank enjoy- ment of the good things before him. He complimented her on the dishes, ordered up varieties of wine, sent the little maids in waiting flying hither and thither, addressing them as 'Mary, my dear,' and made sundry gallant speeches to Miss Dorrian, for which I could have cheerfully seen him choked on the spot. He was an amusing dog withal—even I was compelled to admit. He had a jovial and rollicking way of relating his adventures, and they were strange and amusing ones; and he put in his dash of piety artistically, so as not to spoil a good story, and to pass one or two which otherwise might have been considered rather risky. Lady Postlethwaite opened her eyes and clasped her hands at his narrations of peril by land and sea, or smiled and purred de- lightedly over his minute account of the sayings and doings of the royal personages with whom he had been privileged to asso- ciate. Afterward he sat down at the piano and sang us a rattling hilarious hymn or two, with an irrestible chorus, followed by some plaintive North country ditties that made Lady Postlethwaite wipe her eyes and rub her glasses. I don't wonder at the suc- cess of the smoking concerts. His voice with training, might have been a fortune to him. I left him possessor os the kield. I found my father to ill to attend to my report. There seemed no chance of his being able to attend to business for many a day to come. So as soon as she codicil was prepared it fell to my share to pay Lady Postlethwaite a second visit. She received me as kindly as before, but seemed absent and disturbed. 'I should like to see your father. How soon will he be back?' she asked, as she searched for a piece of red rib- bon to inclose the will and codicil. 'He'll not stop a day longer at Carlsbad than he can help, you may be sure. I'll send him to you at once.' I saw how her hands shook as she tied up the envelope. She stopped once and seemed about to speak to me; but checked herself and dismissed the little maid who had wit- nessed the codicil, with instructions to bring in 'The old Madeira. Mr. Austen's wine.' I lighted a taper and she produced Sir Josiah's ponderous chain and seals. 'Colonel St George' was announced, and the chain and seal fell clashing to the floor. The colonel saluted me with his custom- ary boisterous geniality, and withdrew with a newspaper to the window while we finished our business. I was glad to get away from him, and, in dread of an invita- tion to dinner, accepted a glass of the old Madeira and bade a hasty farewell. The wine had a curious effect upon me, I fan- cied. After leaving the house I lingered about, reluctant to go, haunted by the ag- gravating idea that I had left some commis- sion unfulfilled or forgotten some important part of my errand. I felt for the key. I had that safe enough, and I knew I had locked the door securely. I must hurry home if I wanted to see my father, so, hail- ing the first cab, I jumped in, throw- ing my overcoat on the front seat. We had reached the end of the road before I glanced at it, and there lying beside it was Lady Postlethwaite's will. There was no mistake about it. How had it come there? Had we locked up the wrong paper? I stopped the driver, and as I did so, the paper slipped from my hand. I searched, and so did he, but in vain. The window had been shut; it could not have fallen out. Had I been dreaming? I felt ashamed of the idea, but how else could I ac- count for this? 'That Old Madeira,' I ment- ally decided. 'My unlucky governor! If he goes there often, I don't wonder he has to finish at Carlsbad.' I saw him off and spent the rest of the evening with an old college friend who had come up to town about marriage settlements. He had a great deal to tell me about his lady love and I sat smoking, tranquilly listening to his raptures and thinking—who knows why?—about Letty Dorrian. I was awakened early next morning by Harris, my father's man, who stood by my bedside with a face of concern. 'Very sorry to have to rouse you, sir; but a most urgent message has come—Lady Postlethwaite, sir —would you kindly bring that will at once to I her!' I sprang up, 'Hot water directly, Harris, and send for a cab. How did the message come?' Harris' blank look stopped me. 'What time did Lady Postlethwaite send?' 'Lady Postlethwaite, sir ! I never men- tioned her ladyship. I was saying that cook says the boiler pipe is froze up, she thinks, and she wants to know what she is to do about your bath and the kitchen fire? Sorry to disturb you, sir.' I laughed it off to Harris, but I felt an- noyed, and the annoyance lasted all that day and late into the night. I dreamed of that sealed packet till morning. Now I was opening the envelope and discovered the con- tents to be a monster poster of one Colonel St. George's afternoon teas; or I was hunting frantically for that key through piles and piles of old rusty bunches which Letty, her eyes full of tears, threw down before me; or I was reading the will and turning the pages over in vain search of the last sheet, while the Colonel laid his heavy hand on my shoulder and sang his jovial chorus in my ear. Al- ways the two together, and always connected by some notion of foul play and derision. I awoke fatigued and unrefreshed and seriously concerned about my state of health. I had no time to attend to it just then, however, and by midday had almost forgotten my troubles. My friend asked me to dinner to meet another schoolfellow, a young doctor named Mellor. We looked in at the theatre after dinner, and they both walked home with me. We had a good deal to talk over about old times, and lingered, sauntering up and down one side of our sober, old-fashioned square, al- most deathlike in its stillness after the noisy Strand. At last I ran up our steps and rang the bell, then suddenly turned chill and faint catching hold of Mellor's arm. 'What's that?' 'This?' said Mdlor, surprised, stooping and picking up a white long-folded paper that lay at my feet. 'Something of yours. I did not see see you drop it, though.' I held out a shaking hand. This could be to delusion. I touched, I held, I saw—dis- tinctly as ever I did—Lady Postlethwaite's will. I turned it over. I saw in the bright moon- light the red ribbon fastened with the great red seal; I read the two gothic letters 'J.P.' and saw the endorsement in the pre- cise old hand: 'Elizabeth Postlethwaite, February 16, 1888.' I knew Mellor was wondering at me as I stood gazing stupidly. Then came the clatter of a boy's feet on the pavement and a youth cantered up gaily. 'Beg pardon, sir. Have you seen a parcel? Yes, sir; that's it. Thought I must have dropped it here. Left a note in your box from Johnson and Palliser just now.' The front door opened, letting out a blaze of gas, in which I saw in my hand a com- monplace parcel, fastened with an ordinary twist of string, with no resemblance to the will but in size. I gave it up in such confu- sion that Mellor looked oddly at me. 'Aren't you well, Austen?' 'I don t know. Come in. I want to con- sult you.' He looked serious over my story, asked a string of questions and ended by pronouncing it a case of hallucination, brought on by debility and overwork. Could I not take a holiday at once? I demurred. Next thing to impossible in my father's absence. 'Then I'll write you a prescription for a composing draught. Let me know how you feel after a night of unbroken sleep.' He did so. I had a night of sweet, dream- less sleep and felt so well next morning that I wrote in the joy of my heart to say so. I was interrupted by my clerk before I nad finished the first few lines. When I read them over they ran as follows: you without fail to-morrow, as you desire. I threw the pen down in a sort of panic, my mind was going; I felt convinced of it I sent for Mellor, who looked graver than before. 'You must have further advice. I may have overdone that sleeping draught and it is taking its revenge. I can't be sure. Here is the address of a first-rate man—a special- ist. Go and talk to him.' I promised I would. The great man ordered me away without loss of time. He also gave me another va- riety of sleeping stuff. I took it with the most singular result. It seemed to deprive me at once of all volition, while leaving my senses as acute as ever. Harris bade me 'Good night,' and left me, beleiving me to be sound asleep; but though I had been unable to reply to him by a word or by the lifting of an eyelid, I could hear every movement he made, and follow the sounds, by which I knew the house was being closed for the night. I lay so for more than an hour, and then in the same strange, mesmerized condition I got up and dressed, let myself qustoly out, and, I hardly know how, found myself on my way to Lincoln's Inn. I had the keys of the office with me, though I had no recol- lection of bringing them, and let myself in. I next remember opening the tin box with Sir. J. Postlethwaite's name still outside, and searching among the papers there. I found as I knew I should, a duplicate copy which my father had had made of the will, but not of the codicil. I brought it away and also the sealed envelope containing the bookcase key. I left all safe, made my way home, and sank into a long, dreamless, re- freshing sleep that lasted till Harris woke me. The copy of the will lay on my dressing table and the key beside st. I sat and looked at them in a sort of a ponic. Then a sudden determination seized me. I would go at once to Lady Postlethwaite and see if, once brought into contact with the reali- ties, my visions might not of themselves de- part. There was no harm trying. I made a rapid despatch of the day's business and drove down—late as it was—to the Deo- daras. The little maid servant had disappeared and a hulking man in a smart livery opened the door. He stared at me for a reply to my in- quiry. I repeated it—'Is Lady Postlethwaite at home?' 'Lady Postlethwaite St. George is not at home,' was the astounding answer I re- ceived. I stood in surprised consternation. The door was closing in my face, when a young lady, who was crossing the hall, turned and looked at me, and with a glad cry ran for- ward and caught me by the arm. It was Miss Dorrian. She drew me in without another word, past the staring servant, into the room where we had first met. 'She was afraid you were not coming. Did you ever get a letter from her?' 'Never. But what does this mean, Lady Postlethwaite St. George? Has she married that man?' Letty clasped her hands and looked piteously in my face. 'Oh, is it not miserable? What can have possessed her? Did you know or guess any- thing of it when you were here?' 'Nothing. How should I?' 'She may have been married to him even then. We don't know when or where it took place. She must have been infauated, poor dear, and then ashamed of it. I know she kept the secret as long as he would let her, but he got impatience and wanted to come here as master. Are you staying here?' 'In hes house? No indeed! I left the very day I heaard it. I took advantage of his being away to-night to come and ree her. She was so overcome I hardly new how to leave her. I will tell her you are here at the present.' See hurried away and I waited, looking around me. The house had suffered visible change and deterioration. The room smelt of tobacco, empty soda-water bottles littered the sideboard, a crumpled sporting paper was stuffed into the cushion of the door old lady's chair, and a card of racing engage- ments was stuck in poor Josiah's frame which like everything else, was thick with dust. Letty reappeared directly. 'You are to come to her at once, and you are to bring the will with you if you have the key.' I took out the key with a curious feeling that I had done it all before, and knew ex- actly what would happen nevt. I could see the packet through the narrew slit of glass but the lock refused to turn at first. I with- drew the key, and found a tiny morsel of wax clogging the wards. Then I tried again, this time with sucess. The packet was just as I had seen it when Lady Postleth- waite and I left it there. Lady Postlethwaite was in her bed-room cowering over the fire, wrapped in a big dressing-gown in which she stood grievously small and shrunken. Her face was drawn and aged, and tears came into her eyes as she held out a shaky hand to me tight as if feeling some comfort in the clasd of my fingers. I wish it were your good father that had come, Mr. Phillip. He'd maybe have had more pitty for me than you young folks. I've been a foolish old woman and a very un- happy one.' 'We needn't talk about it need we? Can't I do something to help you? 'Yes, you can. I was just wearying to see you. I've been thinking that though I've ruine all that's left me of my own life, I must make sure that others don't suffer from my macness. I want to go over that will again, Mr. Phillip, It'll stand good, you know. Poor Josiah took care of that.' I gave it to her and she turned it over and over, examining it keenly. Then she opened it. 'Lord save us!' she cried. 'Look here!' The contents lay in her lap. So many blank sheets of foolscap, nothing else. She looked from them to us once or twice. Then, she sai bolt upright, her eyes began to shine and the trembling of her hands ceased 'My desk, Letty, quick.' She folded the sheet together and slowly and consideringly wrote a few lines on the outer one. 'Now, Mr. Phillip, can you and Letty make the envelope look as if it had never been opened?' We managed to do this by the aid of a fresh ribbon and by carefully spreading the wax of the new seal over the place where the old one had been broken open. 'Now, Mr. Phillip, I shall want you at once to draw me a fresh will exactly like the old one. How soon can you do it?' 'I have a duplicate here now, Lady Post- lethwaite. You have only to sign it. But the codicil, what about that? And Colonel St. George—you must consider him.' 'I have considered him. He will find a remembrance there,' she nodded toward the sealed packet. 'As much as I dare do for him now.' We were interrupted by the announcement of the doctor's arrival. I was glad, for I fancied I saw signs of feverish exhaustions in the poor old woman. I was glad, too, to hear the name of a man high in his profession. I knew him well by reputation. Letty and I withdrew to the cheerless dining-room, where I replaced the packet in the bookcase and then stood beside her over the fireless ashy grate, talking sorrowfully of the gentle, useful life so woefully cut short. 'Do you think her very ill?' she asked. 'I am afraid so. Can you guess what ails her?' 'I think her heart is broken!' Letty said with a sob. 'He don't ill-use her, as you mean by ill-usage, but she loved him and be- lieved in him—and now she knows him as he is. Oh, it's cruel, cruel!' We were again summoned to Lady Postle- thwaite. Letty trembled so as we approached the door that I caught her hand half-uncon- sciously to reassure her, and it was on our joined hands that the old lady's sharp eyes glanced as we entered. She cast a rapid interrogating look on my face. I felt Letty start and the fingers thrill warm to their tips. I deliberately stooped and raised them to my lips, while Lady Postlethwaite's face lighted up with amusment, comprehension and satis- faction, all in a flash. The doctor standing near her had lost the by-play. 'I'm telling Dr. Vincent what I'm after and he's not objecting. Stay where you are doctor. Now, Mr. Phillip, read that will over again.' One bequest—that to 'my dear friend, Lettie Dorrian,' had been left blank. I asked what sum I was to fill in. 'Fifty thousand pounds,' she said firmly. Letty gave a cry and I hesitated. 'It won't be all for herself,' she went on. 'I can trust her. Letty, you know my wishes and all I should have liked to do if I had lived a free woman. You'll make good all I leave undone, eh, dear? And maybe, Mr. Phillip here may give you his help if you ask him.' And the ghost of a kindly twinkle shone in her eyes. The will was duly signed, the doctor and his coachman acting as witnesses. She gave it to me. 'Keep this and tell no one. Let the other be opened first. Now, I should like you to have this; it will never be used again. Take it with my love, and good-bye. She placed Sir Josiah's massive chain and seal in my hands; then drew me down and softly kissed my forehead. I never saw her again. My father was terribly concerned to re- ceive ????? to the funeral of his good old friend directly on his return. We both went, curious to see how events would turn out. It was an imposing affair. The ar- rangements were of the costliest description Colonel St. George Postlethwaite, in the profoundest of mourning, was, of course, the centre of interest, a spectacle of heart- broken bereavement Invitations had been sent far and wide. Old city friends of Sir Josiah's, governors of charitable institutions, the local clergy, every creature who could be assumed to have the slightest claim to such attention; Lord Levant and a train of aris- tocratic converts rallied round their evan- gelist. There were others, uninvited guests who thronged the cemetery, no one knew who or how many, grieving sorely for their kind lost friend; and I fancied I could distinguish a scattering of the the poor dead Mrs. Postlethwaite's kin, an anxious-face strug- gling set, to whom the withdrawal of their earthly providence made the future a very black look-out indeed. The Colonel was liberal in his invitations to the sumptuous luncheon which followed, at which he presided with subdued geniality He had resumed his piety for the occasion, and his conversation was most edifying. 'Now, gentlemen,' he began, when the servants had withdrawn, 'I am a plain soldier, and only accustomed to plain speak- ing. You all want to know, of course, how my dead wife has disposed of the property of which, in her life time, she was so faith- ful a steward.' (I remit irrelevancies, how- ever improving.) 'So do I. She kept her own affairs in her hands to the last, and I wasn't the man to prevent her doing so. Whatever she did, she did of her own free will, uninfluenced by me. And I will say here, that up to the hour of her death, she was as clear- headed, right-minded a woman of business as any one could find. Is it not so, Dr. Vincent?' The doctor gave an emphatic assent. 'You must ask these gentlemen,' indica- ting my father and me, 'about her invest- ments and about her testamentary disposi- tions, if there any; but I tell you, gentle- men, that I do not expect to find any. She was not the woman to trust by halves, and she knew her worldly wealth in my hands would be blessed,' etc. 'Hear, hear !' from Lord Levant. A thrill of consternation seemed to run round the room after this plain declaration. The charily officials looked blankly into one another's faces, and the hungry-eyed rela- tives glared on us with wolfish eyes as my father took the key from me. 'Let's look here first if you please. If there is a will we shall find it here.' He draw forth the packet and handed it to the Colonel, who with an incredulous shake of the head, opened it. The sight of his wife's handwriting in- side made him pause and looked wildly around. 'This is private—not a will, you see. It is nothing, nothing.' He dropped into his chair, while the blank sheets of foolscap strewed the floor at his feet, keeping his hand clutched tightly over his wife's last message. His face took a ghastly hue. He drew the nearest decanter to him and poured out a glass full. It was clear my time had come. I gave the circumstances as briefly as I could, re- ferred to Colonel George's own tesimony as to his wife's state, and produced the verit- able last will of Lady Postlethwaite. The hungry-eyed relatives grew serene and placid as the reading went on. the charity officials shook hands with one another, and my father 'blessed his soul' copiously when it ended. They all came crowding round me to ex- amine it and question me as to the details, and in the confusion Colonel St. George Postlethwaite disappeared from our sight forever. So did Lady Postlethwaite's dress- ing case and a large sum of ready money which was known to be in the house. Colonel St. George is sorely missed by a large circle of believing followers, and I hear still more so by a large circle of unsatisfied creditors. 'And to think that if the scoundrel had only left the will alone he would have suc- ceeded to the whole. The poor old lady would never have known that her subsequent marriage invalidated it. A quarter of a million lost for the want of a little ordinary legal knowledge. Bless my soul!' says my father. —The Argosy. 