Parliamentary Extract. THURSDAY. TnB working-man member wanted to know whother in the lotting of the Mayno railway contract tho Government had stipu lated, that overyono employed, from the picker and shoveller upward, should receive so. much wages and work si many hours ; also whether such provision! would bo made in all futuro uovuriimcni contracts, wr, JNOlson gave a decided negativo all round. Tho t'me has not yet come for tho State to keep contractors' books and manage their business generally. Mr. Pnttisou in reply to Mr. Iaambert said negotiations wero pending with several local authorities for taking over tho bores recently completed by the Government. On the motion of the Treasurer tho Standing Orders wore suspended for the remainder of the Session in so inr as to admit of bills, etc. being pissed through all their stages in one day. Mr. Dalrvmplo now moved the adjournment of tho House, and for once the much abused motion was justified. The lion, member for Mack'iy wished tho Central Mills to be assisted by the construction of portable tramways to bring cano to tho crushinga, nnd he hoped tho Government would iavorably consider tho (|iicstinn during tho races*. This lei to an interesting discussion, both tho Ministry and the leader of tho Opposition being at one, for once, in n desiro to thoroughly test tho Cuutrnl Mills experiment, Tho proposed tramways in every instance would ho connected with tho railway and thus bring prist to that mill also, and Heaven knows tho Mackay railway needs it. It was likewise agreed with tho samo strange unanimity tint the cost of these tramways should bo secured on tho lands of the rlanters for whose bonofit they are to be constructed, and that all tho cane curried should be grown by white labor. The debate tliro ittnoJ to degenerate into the old black labor grove, but this waB happily averted, and ths motion withdrawn to the satisfaction of all parties. Mr. Morehoad moved tho second reading of tho Acclimatisation Society and National Agricultural and Industrial Association Bill. Wo will call it tbe Sesquipedalian Bill, for shortness. It seems the Society aud the Association have got intimately mixed. The first cot a errant of land. Dart of whinh Hioo leased to tho second at bo much a year for 50 years. Their building, the Exhibition, caught fire last year, however, and tho Association has been in a state of impecunioaity ever sinco. Under these circumstance) tho Society had been porsiudcd to give up the portion of land leased, and the Government now proposed to grant the Association ,G750 yearly, and to lend them money to build a new Exhibition, the whole thing to belong to the Government, aud to bo vested in trustees. Sir Sam, who acknowledged he was counecte.1 with tho Association, thought the 8c9(|uipcdatinn Bill a good ono; and so did Mr. Murphy, while Mcisrs. Morgan, S.ilkeld, Barlow, S.iytrs, O'Sullivan, and Macfarlane strongly objected to plying the ;G750 a-year. The second reading passe I, The IiOin Bill Cor £1, 55 t,83'i was then passed, tho date of repayment being altered from 1930 to 19'2'i, after which tho Committee went at the Eitimatcs-in-chief once more. Tho item, ' Pacilic Island Immigration, £10,335 ' enriched the annals of the House with an amusing and high'y edifying little episode, illustrating Cirillkhisui, as it dG03, lightly and sketchily, yet as capably us a volume. A party by tho name of C. A. Forster, inspector of Kanakas at Ingham, and described as the most cantankerous rain in tho Civil Servico, was recently sacked, ana of course cbrauel was indignant. He know Mr. Forstcr was a zealous and honest cflicer and had given sitis 'nction in the discharge of his duties. It was all thoso rascally planters, moro especially Wood Bi-O3. and Uoyd, who were at the bottom oc it, the inspector having beon toa conscien tious for that black labour tinn, SiinncI con cluded by hinting that the Department which dismissed this excellent ofliccr waa as rascally as the planters. Evon the unabashed. - countcnanco of the great lawyer turned of ' greenery-yallery ' tint aB his own letter was read by Mr. Mere head. This missive, written by Sir Samuel Walker Griffith' when Premier, was addressed to no other than tlie excellent oIKoer Forster himself, who was warned that if he ' did not con duct his business with intelligence and conrtcsy ' he (dir S.W.G.) would 'have no other alter native thau to remove him from his position.' Tho stonewalled portion of the Honso seized this opportunity to acknowledge past favours, nnd even thoso on the other side relaxed into the ghost of a dubious grin, for the expression on their leader's visage precluded any notion of an honest participation in the mirth. For Sam was mad. Ho now changed his base from tho planters to Morohuml who, Sam alleged, wanted to get rid of poor Forster. Morchcad related that Sam himself would have got rid of that zealous ollicer long ago only lie was connected with inllunntial people down south, moro particularly Jack Want, a brother QC. This time tho temptation to give black labour a passing kick was too strong, nnd Messrs. Anacar, Jordan and Sayers kicked it. But the vote was passed. The following salaries from tho Loan Fund wero passed : — Waterwork and water supply £15,928; dredges, £32,1)53 ; harbours and rivers, £2,501.,- and railways, land resumption branch, £2,065. Tho Riilway Estimates wore then tackled, beginning with the S. and W. lino. Thoso did not proceed far before the inevitable Morgan lugged in tho equally inevitable tun recta. When wan tho survey going to bo finished ? &e.; This remarkable project evoked no particular sympathy from Miuisters or members, Mr. Hodgkinson going bo far as to say ho would stonewall it if it ever camo boforo tho House. Roughly spoakiiig.it will C03t about £50,000 a inilo and will savo two hours and throe minutus between Brisbane and Warwick. ' And the most direct lino to New South Wales won't go near Warwick at nil,' said Morehead. 'It will coino out near Dalveou. I do not think it is absolutely ncccssiry thcro Bhould bo n duplica tion of the lino to Warwick even although two hours thrso minutes wero saved thereby.' Morgan didn't express himself satisfied. Tho House adjourned at 11.20, after a good day's work. 