tfloveltst. The Midnight Prophecy ' OB, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. — mm m ! By Emma Garrison J ones. ill CHAPTER XI L , . romulus. The countess and J udith drew near the little farm-house. It was a pretty, snug place, a box of a cottage all over, hung with running creepers, with quaint lat- ticed windows, and sloping eaves, beneatn which the wrens and martins twittered. Asquare, green yard, shaded by a giant oak, beneath which an old man, wearing the simple garb of a Tyrol peasant, sat, tinkering at a broken sheep-ball, which he was vainly trying to mend. As she approached the wicket- gate, the countess grew deadly white, and leaned heavily on Judith's arm for support. "Oh. Judith," she murmured, "how familiar everything seems ! I feel as if I had lived here !" " Yes, my lady," replied the girl, her own cheeks very pale, and her voice un steady ; " there's not one Jhing different ; I even remember the peculiar make of the windows, and that smooth, worn stone at the door. Oh, it is very strange f' They opened the wicket and crossed the green yard. The old peasant dropped his bell and rose to his feet at their ap proach. " My lady is faint this morning," spake Judith. " Would you be good enough to jej. i,.. ,i jvjUU 9" 44 Ay, ay, to be sure, ' replied the old man, nothing incessantly. Come in, come in ; my old woman's laying the dinner now — come right in." - They followed him across the smooth stone step, and through the vine-shaded doorway ; and there, in the centre of the white, sanded floor, stood a square table, set out with shining pewter platters. Lady Strathspey gasped her breath, and clung tightly to J udith's arm. The wife, who sat in the chimney- corner, with her spectacles on her nose, rose up with a startled exclamation. " "Why, bless me !" she cried, seizing upon the countess, and assisting her to a seat on the wooden settle. " Poor thing ! what ails her ?" " She's ill and faint," explained Juith, "and came to beg a drink of new milk." 614 1 "And she shall have it," continued the old woman ; " but sit ye down yourself," she added, glancing at J udith's white cheeks. "Ye are like a pair of ghosts, both of ye. Come, sit down, and I'll Lave the dinner on the table in a wink. 'Tis the. very thing, too, as'll suit ye. be ing ailing — chicken broth and dumplings, and a drop of beer to wash it down ; my old man always wanfs it when he's ailing. Come, sit ye down !" Judith obeyed, sitting down beside her mistress, and the woman flew about, get ting her savory meal upon the table, while her husband sat on the stone door-sill, lapping at the flies that buzzed in the noon sunlight. Presently a gleeful shout and a ripling burst of childish laughter broke upon the lilence, and from a little back bed-cham ber a little fellow, some three summers eld, came dancing into the room. Seeing the strangers, he came to a sud- len halt, and stood like a statue, his icarlet smock-frock disclosing his round, bare legs and dimpled feet, and a queer little cap, ornamented with a long feather surmounting his head, with his profuse laxen ringlets. There he stood, his great blue eyes wide with childish wonder. " Why, Bomulus , cried the old woman, " can't ye say how d'ye do to the ladies ! Have ye forgot your manners ?" . Romulus doffed his plumed cap, and flippedjhis curly flaxen head. "How d'ye do, ladies?" he said, Dbedientlv. At the sound of the sweet, lisping voice, "the countess, who had sat since the child's appearance like one turned to stone, uttered a- pathetic cry, and springing for ward, caught the boy to her bosom. "Oh, my baby ! my lost darling ! my own precious child !" she cried, between her bursting sobs and passionate kisses ; 44 I knew I should find you, you precious lost lamb !" The old peasant and his wife stood thunderstruck ; but the little fellow, no thing daunted, wound his chubby arms About the lady's neck, and put his ruddy cheek against hen. " Don't ky!" he lisped, entreafclngly ; " Rommie likes lady ! — Rommie likes her !" " Do ye see, old man ?" quoth the wife to lier husband, her voice full of pain. ""What did I tell ye the night ye found him ? Didn't I say, just as we got our hearts set on him some fine folks would come in and snatch him away ? Yes, I did ; and I wish ye'd left him to the milch goat, that I do." Whereupon, leaving her dinner only half-dished, she sat down, and carrying her apron to her eyes, began to cry her self. The boy's quick eyes soon noticed her, and clambering down from Lady Strath spey's knee, he ran to her side. "Don't oo ky, grand-mudder," he pleaded, tugging at her apron ; " Rommie likes grand-mudder, too." ? The old man caught him up in his arms. "He's mine ! the boy's mine !" he said, almost savagely ; " and I'll give him up to one. His father and mother abandoned him to the mercy of my milch goat, and he's mine. The countess and Judith both uttered a simultaneous cry at this confirmation of their strange dream. The old man regarded them with angry suspicion. " My good women," he said, " what does all this mean ? Can't ye explain yourselves, and tell me what's the mat ter?" By a strong effort Lady Strathspey con trolled herself and wiped the streaming tears from her cheeks. " My good sir," she replied, "the ex planation I have to give to you is a strange one, which possibly you may not believe — indeed, 1 cannot believe it at times nij-self ; but my maid here can bear me out in what I have to say." Whereupon she related all the myster ious circumstances of the disappearance of her babe on the night of his birth ; and also the strange dream which Judith had first dreamed and then herself. And the old man and his wife listened in speechless amazement, while the sum mer sunshine crept slowly over the sanded floor, and the savoury dinner grow cold upon the table. When she had finished they sat looktng into each other's faces in utter consternation. " It must be that God sent us the dream," continued the countess, " for it haunted me day and night ever since. I could not rest one moment. And this morning the instant my eyes beheld this place 1 knew it, and I know as surely, al though another usurps his place, that the boy is my own, the babe who was stolen from my arms in the very hour of his birth, the rightful heir to the Earldom of Strethspey Towers. 614 2 " And now, my good people," she con tinued, " 1 have told you my strange story, and I implore you to let me hear yours. Tell me how and when you came by this child ; and I pray there may be some proof by which I can restore him to his rightful place." The old couple sat in utter silence f<> a few moments, overwhelmed by wha they had heard. The idea that it was a young earl they had fostered filled them with absolute affright. The old man spoke at last. "Old woman." he said, drawing a long breath, and resuming his seat on the door- sill, "you are glibber of the tongue than I am — you (ell the story. The old woman put Romulus from her knee, and wiped her eyes with her apron. " Talk of being glib of tongue now," she began, " after hearing such a story as her — why, 'the very memory's beat out of me. I tlo declare it reminds me of the old stories in the Bible 'bout the days of the Apostles. But I'll do the best I can. your highness,'' she continued, bowitt cofonndlv to the countess : "and if n>- memory be bad I'll stick to the truth : "It was on the tenth of January ; I re member that well.. 'cause our red hef» r had a calf on New Year's Day — and on that, very morning the old man says, 'Old woman, the red heifer's calf be ten day's old to-day, and you can begin to steal a mite of the drippings — you 'tend to her and I'll go and look after the" goats.' So I went kown to the cattle-shed, and milked the drippings, and fed the heifer, and came home and laid out dinner. By that time here comes the old man all of a flutter. ' Molly,' he said, 4 the head milch- goat is missing ;' and nothing would do but I must go and help him hunt her. " Well, away we went, and a pretty tramp we had ! Through the valleys, and up the mountains, till I thought I should drop in my shoes. At last, way on tc - ward sundown, we spies her, perched on the top of that bald cliff at the left yonder." "Oh, my lady!" ejaculated Judith. " Go on, my good woman," urged the countess. " Well, there she be perched right atop of the cliff. 4 Why, old woman,' says the old man, 'she's got kids! Who'd a thought, it ? You must go up and bring them down in your apron, while I fetch her down.' 44 So up we tussled, my very bones ach ing with pain, and Lord bless you, my dear lady, what d'ye 'spose we saw when we reached her? Not a kid, but a little, live baby, and it a sucking the goat, and its dear little mouth all wet with the milk." Lady Strathspey covered her face, con vulsive sobs shaking her from head to foot. 4 4I didn't feel my aches a bit after that," the old woman went on ; " I takes up the child, and the old man shoulders the milch-goat, and down we come." 44 The clothes !" gasped the countess. Have you the clothes the child had on when you found him ?" 44 Yes, I kept them. ' They may be of use to the child one of these davs,.' says the old man. But that day, as I was tell- in' ye, we brought the child home, and do you know my old man he takes the milch- goat right into my back room, and there he keeps her, only turning her out to graze once in a while, and the baby he sucked that goat for six round mouths, and I never sec a child thrive as he did. 44 Mv old man used to be book-larned when he was young," she went on, glanc ing dmiringly at the old shepherd on the sunny door-step, 44 and he says he's r. ad of a boy as a wolf suckled, and he was called Romulus — so nothing would do but the baby he named after him. So Romulus is his name." She paused an instant, her lips quiver ing- "We've no children of our own," she went on, at last., her voice shaking. "We had a boy once, aB promising a lad as< ver lived, but he went to sea, and was loBt fifteen yearB ago. And we can't tell, my lady, how we took to this child ! 4Heaven has sent him,' the old man said, to cheer us in our old age.' We've done the best we could for him, and it's like tearing out our hearts to give him up, but, hearing your story, I'm convinced that he's your child, and Heaven sent ye to find him." The old man drew the wondering boy to his arms, and resting his old forehead on his flaxen head, sobbed like a child. Lady Strathspey was deeply moved. " My dear, good friends," she said, "don't grieve now, I'm not going to take the child from you. I shall want you to keep him for me, a long time, perhaps, until I can get proofs, and all that, to establish him in his right place. You have never heard anght in regard to him, or fonnd out how he came to the mountain, I suppose?" " Never a word, my lady," replied the old man, brightening up at the prospect of keep- iDgthe child. "My lady," whispered Judith, at this junc ture, 44 here comes Lord Strathspey." The countess arose in consternation. " It is my husband," she exclaimed, " but I do not wish him to know about the child yet. Please take him away." The old woman caught up the boy, and rushed into the adjoining room, closing the door after her. " Take this," cried Lady Strathspey, draw ing a purse from her pocket, and forcing it into the old man's hand ; " I will come again soon. Be good to my boy, and may Heaven bless you." She reached the wicket just in time to meet the earl. He looked at her flushed cheeks and swollen eyes in amazement. "Marguerite," he said, as he drew her arm through his, I was so impatient I came to seek you. For Heaven's sake, tell me what all this means ? What do you know of these people ? What ails you ?" " Trust me, dearest Angus," she sobbed, clinging to his arm; "you shall know all soon — only trust me." And the earl conducted her back to the waiting carriages, with the awful suspicion growing stronger and stronger in his mind that Doctor Renfrew was right, and his wife was indeed in danger of in sanity. G14 3 Lord Strathspey rode back to his lodgings, besides the bewitching Lady Cecilia, in moody silence. All the spirit and zest of the morning had left him, and the fair siren put forth her charms and sorceries in vain; he scarcely noticed her, and forgot to reply to her when she spoke. She drove her spur into her horse's flank, and set her white teeth together in rage at her own ill-success. My Lady Cecilia was very vain, and nothing so exasperated her as to have her charms underrated. But she was likewise very reso- lute, and she concluded to let the moody earl ride on in silence and bide her time. For as sure as the afternoon sunlight lay warm and bright upon the green valleys of the Tyrol, should that self-same moody earl — this man who had dared, years before, to trifle with her — be brought down at her very feet and made to expiate his folly in sack cloth and ashes. Had Lady Cecilia forgot ten? Had the memory of those old dayB at Cavendish Manor faded from her ? — those fresh, hopeful days, when she saw a coro net glimmering above her regal brows and a life of love and triumph outstretching be fore her ? Do women like her ever forget a wrong or a disappointment ? My lady set her white teeth and arched her graceful neck, and her blue-black eyes glittered with a baleful, phosphorescent light, as she galloped along by the earl's side. CHAPTER XIII. IT WHICH THE PIER PAILS. But the earl was all unconscious, absorbed in his own bitter reflections. Strathspey, earl that was, as we have said, was a trifle superstitious, and in addition, a little in clined to be jealous and over-exacting. And with all his profound pity and terror at the thought that his lovely countess was on the verge of insanity, he Btill felt angered and injured because she had — even in his wander- ings, as he believed — dared to have a secret which she kept from him. He resolved to get at the bottom of the whole matter ; and as soon as he had seen Lady Cecilia anu his family safely quartered in their lodgings, be strode out of the. house, and remounting bis weary Arab, galloped straight across the Tyrol valleys to the i-lu-pberd's cottage. The old wife saw him coming before he cached the wicket, and, being a woman possessed of sharp wits, she divined the bjeet of his visit; and, catching up little liomulus, who sat beneath the great oak in the afternoon sunlight, she whisked him off to the cattle-shed, where her husband was, md was back again in the cottage loor by the time the earl had dis mounted. He strode through the wicket and across the yard haughty and stern. "My good woman," he began, without salutation or preface, "I have come here to ask you a question, and I want a straight forward answer." " My lord, my poor tongue is at your grace's service," simpered the old woman, with a deep courtesy, chuckling all the while, in her sleeve, at the irate peer. ' Tne countess my wife, was hereto-day." continued Lord Strathspe'. waving aside tor seat she offered him. " and I want to I no v what she came for." ! For a drink of new milk, your honor, responded the woman, glibly. Silt-rice!" thundered the carl, growing back with passion. I want no prevarica tion. 'i oil me what my wife wants of you, and you of her." I' Wny. bless my soul, your grace," re plied the old woman, her gray eyes all of » twinkle, "I only know she is the Countess of Strathspey, and wife to your lordship, 'cause the maid told me the same, and asked tne for the drink of fresh milk, her ladyship being faint — that's ail." " Tis false," continued the angry noble man, "and you know it. Didn't the countess come out to me, all flushed and tear-stained. Tell me what excited her so ; I've a right to know. Tell me, or— I'll make you." The old woman fairly chuckled in his fact. "My lord," she said. " be ye the king on his throne, my tongue's my own, and no one, whether peer or peasant, can make it wag. Why don't ye ask your wife ?" The earl was well-nigh choking with passion, for, like all his race before him, he had a hot, unreasonable temper. If it had been a man, he would have struck him down with the butt of his whip ; being a woman, he strode away and left her. But at the wicket a second thought struck him, and he turned back. "My good woman," he said, taking a heavy puree from his pocket as he spoke, " I have strong reasons for finding out what it is that troubles my wife. I'm afraid her mind is impaired— take this, and tell me what brought her here." Theold woman eyed the yellow gold with another chuckle. " I've nothing to tell your grace," she re plied, "and if I had, your gold wouldn't make my tongue wag no sooner than your hard words." " Curse you," muttered the earl, under his breath, and, striding back to the wicket, he vaulted into his saddle, and was on the point of galloping off, when a little figure, in a scarlet smock and plumed cap, shot up right before bis horse's feet. The earl drew in his fiert steed and called out savagely : 44 Get from under my horse's feet, will you?" " Rommie not under he feets," replied the little fellow, looking up fearlessly at the fine horse and its wrathful rider. Something in the finely cut face, and great sea-blue eyes, and profuse flaxen curls made the nobleman's heart thrill. He gazed down, "for an instant, into the child's face, like one bewildered. " Great Heaven," he muttered, " what a likeness. 'Tis Lady Pearl's face over again. Little man, who are you ?" " I'm Rommie, I lives wid grandmudder," answered the boy, fearlessly. 44 Ah ! Well, you're a fine lad for a pea sant's son — get out of my way." And away went the baffled peer, like the wind, pondering mocdily and as he pondered, with the boy's face mirrored in his memory, a horrible idea flashed through bis mind, piercing his heart like a poisoned blade, and almost making him reel in his saddle. It did not occur to the Countess of Strathspey that she had forgotten to ask the peasant woman if there was a birt-h mark on the boy's arm, until after she bad snugly settled in her chamber for the night ; and then her regret and impatience knew no bounds. She would have stolen forth, and made her way to the cottage through the darkness of the night, "but for Judith, who implored, and almost compelled her to forego the visit till the morrow. But when the morrow came, what was the poor woman's consternation to hear that the earl had taken a sudden resolve to go up to Sevenoak Grange, in Cumberland, for the shooting season, and had made his preparations to set out at once. It was all in vain that she begged him to defer the journey a day or two, on account of her feebleness ; he watched her with a suspicious look in his moody eyes, and replied coldly that he would start at once ; if she were able to go rambling over the fields to shepherd's hats, she could certainly bear the journey to Sevenoaks, and he was sure the Cumberland air would do her gool. 614 4 The poor countess was almost frantic, and watched in vain for some chance to steal out and make her way to the cottage, but the earl's eye followed her every movement, and in half an hour the carriages were at the door. "Never mind, my lady," whispered J uditb, as she assisted at her toilet, " when we get to Sevenoaks you can send me down or manage it some way— don't betray your self now ; my lord is already angry and sus picious." And with" a pang of unutterable pain, the countess saw that Judith's words were true; the face of the husband she loved a thou sand times better than her own life, was full of anger and grief ; the eyes that hitherto had ever regarded her with lookB of tenderest love, now watched her with covert and suspicious glances. fTO RE CONTINUED.) 