THE HAUNTED TANK. Br DAVID G. FALK. Haunted? Yes, and by the very powers of evil themselves, according to the statement of no less than four drainmakers, three shepherds, two carriers, and one super stitiously inclined jackaroo. There could be no doubt about it all, for one and all of the men who camped a night or more at the tank had the same tale to tell, differing only slightly in detail. But before entering into particulars as to the horrible visitations and apparitions that curdled the blood of all who camped for a night at the Gidgibogo tank, it would perhaps be best to first sketch the events that led to the tank being haunted. It was part and parcel of "Cootnberah," a lonely back-block Btation lying between the Culgoa and Warrego rivers on the Queensland side. Distant some five or six miles from the head station, the Gidgibogo tank was a huge excavation of some ten thousand cubic yards, dug out with plough and scoop in a natural dry waterway, so as more readily to catch the j rain-waters it was intended to conserve. The work of excavation had been let to a contractor named Keene, who had estab lished a temporary camp there, employing some dozen men orer the work. All went well until the tank was on the eve of completion, but then a sad tragedy took place. One afternoon Keene rode into the Coomberah head-station for beef, and was met by the manager-a stalwart specimen of the colonial bushman, by name Linton. ' " Well, Keene," said the latter, after the customary bush greeting. "How are you getting on at Gidgibogo ?" "Oh, fine," answered the contractor. " We're at the last fall now, and a couple of days or so ought to see us cleaned up. I wish you'd take a ride out and see it. We always make a bit of a ceremony like at the last fall, and we'll have it down this afternoon." " Right you are. Load up with the beef, and I'll saddle up and go with you." The two set off in company, and before long, arrived at the scene of the contractor's labours. It was terribly wild and remote, but the camp served to modify the dreary aspect of the surroundings. Peeping out from among the scattered mulga and brigalow and coolebah trees were some half-dozen white tents. A few of the men were lounging idly about, a mob of draught horses and a small flock of goats were feeding near at hand, whilst the contractor's three children, playing noisily among the bushes, and his wife, busy over some culinary duty in front ot one of the tents, lent something of a homely look to the scene. In the foreground was the tank-a huge excavation with sloping sides, with but one wall of earth-the "last fall"-marring its symmetry. "Now then, lads," exclaimed Keene cheerfully, as he dismounted and took the saddle off his horse. " Here's the boas come to see as take down the last fall. Come on, let's get to work and see how quick we can down her." They were quickly at work, three of the tip-draya were taken into the excavation, and the workmen commenced filling them from the broken earth at the foot of the wall, while others undermined it with pick and shovel. The object was to weaken its support so that it Bhould fall of itself, and so save a vast amount of labour. It was a dangerous task tor those beneath, and a man was stationed on top to watch for the moment when the huge bank ot earth should topple over, so as to give his mateB timely warning of escape. ... The men at work beneath were busy filling the drays and attacking the foot of the wall with-pick and shovel, when the watcher on top suddenly gave a loud shout; A big crack all at once appeared in the face of the wall, and a block of solid earth fell iuto one of the drays, smashing iii one side. 'The men, Bhouting to one another, raa-fsom beneath, and soon placed themselves beyond reach ot harm, but the unfortunate Keene was not among them. He had been working behind the dray into which the mass of earth fell, and the horrified Linton, watching from the top, saw that he was partially jammed in. The doomed man was making frantic struggles to climb over the half-buried dray, when the look-out on top gave another loud signal. The crack in the face of the wall shot out in horizontal jags, and then the whole embankment BUddenly collapsed, and man and dray were buried under thousands of tons of solid earth. Such, Bhortly, was the traeic incident that led to the Gidgibogo tank being haunted. The unfortunate man was exhumed and decently buried, the work of clearing away the debris was carried through, and the big, tank was completed before the camp was finally struck, his widow supervising the work It was then, when the place was given over to its pristine loneliness, that the first rumours of its being.haunted were circulated. About three weeks after poor Keene's death & thunderstorm partly filled the tank, and Linton sent oat a flock of sheep in charge ot a shepherd to take advantage of the water conserved. A week afterwards old Andy the shepherd appeared at the head station, declaring he would not stop at Gidgibogo another night, as the place was haunted. " You're daft, Andy," said Linton, looking on the matter more as a joke than anything, " Who ever heard of a man seeing ghosts?" "Dale or not." answered the old man doggedly. "I eee what I see, and if yon can't give me another camp on the run I want my cheque, and I'll take my walkin* ticket. I ain't going there no more." .'Why, what did you eee, Andy! Real ghosts 1" "Ay, I seed and heerd them too. I tell yon, boss, Keene'e ghost goes walkin* about at night, and there's no gettin' no peace nor no reBt with it. I hear him as plain as I hear you, yellin' out fit to wake the dead. I heerd him all last night in the Bcrub. ' Last fall 1 Last fall!' that's what he says, and goes tearin' round, frightenia' the life out of me and the sheep as welL" " And did you see the ghost too I" said Linton curiously. "Ay, boss; I seed him dooring the night] when it was as dark as pitch. He came down to the water for a drink, and I caught a glimpse of him. He's as white as my shirt, and whiter by a long chalk," surveying his dingy garment with a shake of the head. "He had a drink, and then he gives a kind of yowl, and off into the scrub again. I tell you, I can't stand them kind of things. Uhostses ain't in my line, and I don't mean to go within five miles of that cussed tank again." It soon got about among the scattered residents of Coomberah that the Gidgibogo tank was haunted, and naturally the matter became the one topic of discussion at the homestead, and among the shepherds, fencers, and workmen 011 the run. The general opinion at firat was that old Andy was romancing, but when another shepherd, sent to replace him, came back with a similar story, the superstitions bush men began to shake their heads por tentously. The next to experience the ghostly visita tions were two drainmakers, sent out to the tank to cut long radiating drains from the higher gronnd to the reservoir. The first time one of them rode into the home station for rations he reported having seen and heard Keene's ghost Whether old Andy the shepherd had Bet the fashion, or whether his story was true, the drainmaker's narrative tallied in the main with his, though it like wise received some original embellishments. Both he and his mate, he stoutly averred, were visited each night by Keene's ghost, which roamed about uneasily in the scrub and round the water's edge. They had only Been it once, when it seemed to be drinking, but the momentary glimpse they had caught of it in the obscurity had shown them that it was a big white thing with a hideous pair of horns and fearfully gleaming eyes. At first he and his mate were greatly frightened, the drainmaker went on to say, but a9 they found the ghost did them no harm, they bad made np their minda to see the thing out and finish their contract. Unfortunately, however, this courageous course of action on the part of the drain cutters did not prove infectioas as regarded the other white men on Coomberah, for not a shepherd could be persuaded to take charge of a flock at tH Gidgibogo camp. One old fellow did, as a matter of fact, boldly volunteer to go out there, scornfully swearing that be was "a match for the best blessed ghost of the lot." Under the ex ceptional circumstances, and, as an aid to the maintenance of this laudable spirit of bold ness, he waB provided by the manager with a bottle of whisky. But the result was dis astrous ; for ad soon as he got out of sight of the station he rounded up his flock, swigged off the whole bottle of whisky then and there, became uproariously drunk, and staggered back, blasphemously asserting that he bad had a hand-to-hand encounter with Keene's ghost, that spat fire and brimstone at him, and conducted itself in other appalling and demoniacal ways! Bat, apart from this, the ill-repute gained by the Gidgibogo tank was a source of con tinued annoyance and even loss to the manager. There was water there, which was rapidly drying up, and this he could get no benefit from in consequence of the super stitious fears of the shepherds. As a last resource he managed to enlist the sympathy of a biackfellow known on Coomberah as Bralga. As a rule the Aus tralian blacks are superstitious to the last degree, but Mr. Bralga Jack was a bright ex ception. " Me know it debbil-debbil alonga Gidgi bogo," he said in answer to Linton's offer to provide him with " tncker and bacca " if he would take charge of a. mob of sheep near the tank. "Him ancle belongin' mine. Baal that feller make any harm. Him coola white feller; like it blackfeller budgery-car- j bon budgeryi" By which Bralga wished to infer that the ghoBt, though averse to a white intruder on his solitude, eagerly welcomed one of his own dusky kind. "You ait down alonga Gidgibogo there with monge ?" said Linton eagerly, using the aboriginal term for sheep. " Yohi!" answered Bralga Btoutly. " S'pposin' you make it mi-mi on top like it tree. Baal debbil-debbil make it catch 'em like that." Linton was sufficiently acquainted with the superstitions of the blacks to know what Bralga referred to. It is a deeply-rooted be lief with them that if they sleep off the ground no evil spirit can seize them; and pre sumably, though Master Bralga was in friendly relations with the ghost that haunted Gidgibogo, he doubtless wanted to make everything secure in case of hostilities being declared by the " debbil-debbiL" His plan was carried out, and a raised Bleeping place was made for him near the tank. It was Bimple but efficacious. Four forked-stumps were let into the ground, two cross-pieces laid between the forks, a couple of sheets of bark were placed on these, and Bralga's refuge from diablerie and ghostly visitants was complete. But though this was satisfactory so far, Bralga's subsequent conduct could hardly be said to merit that qualification, for though he stayed at his post, he neglected his duties in the most bare-faced manner. Provided with a substantial amonnt of rations, including tobacco, he instituted an orgie that lasted aB long as his supplies held out. He ate to re pletion, as only a black can eat, then smoked himBclf into a half comatose state, and finally worked himself round by Bleeping some twelve to fifteen hours at a stretch. Whilst thuB pleasantly engaged, it can well be believed that he could hardly devote much of his time or energy to his flock, and the consequence was that the first time Linton rode out to see how he was getting on, he found Mr. Bralga Bound asleep in his airy perch, and his flock scattered over the country for pailes round. This put an end to Mr. Bralga Jacks 1 ministrations, and almost at his wits' end, Linton determined by a happy thooght to try and penetrate the mystery of the Gidgibogo ghost himself. . .. .? ., " " I'll find out if there's anything m it, he said determinedly, " if I have to camp there a week. Ghost or no ghost, it s getting too hot altogether." . . Pursuant of this resolve, that Bame night foun^i him camped at Gidgibogo. Refusing all companionship, he rode over from the homestead with blankets, rifle, Br flask of whisky (more to keep the cold out than his courage tip), and a sandwich. Arrived at the tank, he fastened his mare's reins round her neck, And let her loose, knowing she would make her way straight back to the station again. He had previously left orders that someone was to come lor him in the morn ing with a Bpare horse, and so had nothing more to do than to watch and wait. He clambered np Bralga's eyrie, as being a good post of observation, and then lighting his pipe, and with his rifle across his knee, set himself to wait tor the advent of the ghostly visitant , It was a dark night, though clear. A sigh ing wind came every now and again in gentle gusts, rustling mournfully through the criBp mulga and bendee. The moon was in its first quarter, and so low down as to be hidden behind a trailing mass of cloudB that fringed the horizon. In the chiaro-oscuro all objects assumed a larger and more grotesque shape. The distorted coolebahs looked ghoBt-like and unreal, their waving branches seemed like beckoning arms. The larger trees stood out black but distinct, whilst the tank near by yawned dark and dismal-a pale gleam far down showing where the water reached. A dead silence reigned all round, broken only now and again by the deep croaking of the frogs in the tank. All at once a dismal wail sounded through the forest, causing the solitary watcher to start convulsively and clutch the stock of his rifle. "Hah I" he muttered, after a pause of id tent listening. . "A dingo. I'm growing nervous. I think I'll have a nip. It's devilish cold up here. I wish I'd brought another blanket" He was in the act of unscrewing the top of the flask when another sound in the scrub caused him to stop suddenly, drop the flask, and again seize his rifle. "What was that?" he mattered. "By God I it's the ghost" He cowered down among the blankets so as to be out of sight, and listened with beating heart and straining ears. Out from the distant scrub came the cry again. It sounded strangely mournful in the stillness of the night, and to Linton seemed to be a dismal reiteration of the words, "LaBtfall! Last fall!" Then all was Bilent again for a minute. "By the Lord !" muttered the watcher, bis heart beating a little wildly despite himself. " Andy was right after all. But it's coming this way. I'll see it a rifle bullet can stop it, ghost or no ghost." For some time a dead silence reigned, and then once again the dismal cry rang out through the silent night "LaBt fall I Last fall 1" it seemed to say in muffled tones. "That's not a human voice, I'll swear," muttered Linton, finger on trigger. "I'd give a note to know what it is really. Bat, by God! it's making straight for the water." A faint crashing of the undergrowth gave token of the nearer approach of the un canny visitant, and Linton, stealthily thrust ing out the barrel of his rifle, peered over the side of his hiding-place. Nearer and nearer came the sounds. There was a scraping noise across the open ground round the tank, and then, close by the edge of the water, Linton could just Bee, shapeless and magnified in the half light, a large white body. "Here's for it!" he muttered desperately, and then palled the trigger. A deafening report followed, and the white mass near the water collapsed suddenly withont groan or cry. Jumping down from his perch, and drawing a revolver as he touched ground, Linton ran towards the motionless white mass. All at once he stopped short, stooped down for a moment, and when he raised himself burst into a loud boisterous peal of laughter. "Holy smoke 1" he cried with a whoop. "I've laid the ghost at Jast then. What idiots men can be. That ' Last fall' busi ness was nothing but 'Ba-ba* after all, and dash my buttons if I haven't shot poor old Keene's billy-goat that got left behind. Well, if that Un't the rummiest ghost, I'm one myself, that's all." 