There was a holy hermit once Lived by the river Nile, Who wore a very dirty shirt t And laid his plans out to convert A lazy crocodile. "All day upon the river bank ' You lie," said he, "quite snugly. You never look in holy books I t Or stir, except to yawn, which looks 'Particularly ugly." The reptile roused him at the words, . Which might have been in German, t Or double Dutch.. The hermit says- t " He's quite repenting of his ways, I He's swallowing my sermon.' t He wasn't; but he swallowed him The hermit sable shirted He smacked his lips upon the feast, I And in the" stomach of the beast, The hermit was " converted." 'C Wriggles had -some teeth, pulled lately, t and took cold in his jaw, which swelled until it looked like a prize water-melon. He poulticed it and bandaged it all to no I purpose, and walked the floor several nights I with it, quoting choice extracts from Bob Ingersoll's lectures, but all to no purpose; i it kept on swelling. The other morning he remarked to his wife that he'd give £10 to anyone that would hit him a tremendous i thump on it suddenly, without expecting it, to see if it would not burst the swelling. ( The dear woman, smiling to herself, went and gathered a booftjack, and stepping up quietly behind the old man as he was trying to strain some coffee through his teeth, lovingly enquired-" Where does it pain you most, Wrig ?" "Oh lord I right here, right here," replied he, as he turned his jaw up and pointed to the apex of the protuberance. Taking a step back, the dear woman raised the bootjack 'on high and hit him a' regular bungstarter right in the centre of the calamity, and smilingly stepped back to await results. ' The old man's knees flew to his chin as he shut up like a patent rat-trap, and with a hollow groan he rolled off the chair on to the floor. But he was up in. a moment, and as he danced the can.can with original variations, his wife'smilingly asked -" Did it relieve you, dear ? ".. And as he tried to howl out an answer, old Miss Pry, who had just dropped in, beat a hasty retreat. And. now the whole (neighb.rbool has it that Wriggles has got 'em again. Blonde lady : "I really don't know what to give my husband for his birthday." Brunette Lady: "' Why don't you give him a rest?" "Well, if my husband was hen pecked as much as yours--" "Excuse me. But you misunderstand me. I' mean a foot-rest." "Oh, excuse me. But, then, he has a very pretty foot-rest." " Let me see. He plays the violin, doesn't he? ' "Yes; he is considered a beautiful performer." " Well, why don't you give him a chin reet ? I'm quite sure sure he needs it." That settled it. The blonde lady and the brunette lady do I not converse now, as they perambulate in. different directions. " My young friend," said .the solemn passenger, as the young man wiped his lips and returned the bottle to his valise, " it is beyond my comprehension how anyone can find pleasure or gratification in a drink of whisky, such as you have just imbibed." "Yes, sir," reponded the young man, " and" is no good ; they a ant a load. But I believe in moderation, even at Cap time." " Well, Browne, how do you find your . self ?" . "Never lose myself. If I did, I suppose I'd advertise.' S"My papa's got some new horses 'and a nice new brougham."--" Well, my papa's going to buy a new yacht."-" And my manima's got a lovely new piano."-" Well \--w-well, my mamma's got acook that has stayed two weeks." A statistician has discovered that a man 60 years of age has devoted two years ten months and three days to buttoning on his collar. The statistician neglected to state how many years the same man has devoted to hunting for his collar button when it has rolled under the bed. "Sandhurst claims a ghost-a beauitiful' young female that plays the guitar." Sand hurst ought to be thankful for the dispensa tion that made a ghost of a guitar player. I Plenty of sleep is conducive to beauty. Even a garment looks worn when it loses its weight. Benson-" They tell me that laughter is a great health promoter." Young Grant--" Don't you believe it, old fellow. My father fell down and smashed his shin yesterday, and I laughed' till I was Sready to drop. When he got up he 'whaled the life almost out of me. A health pro moter? O, no !" The cable an;nounces that Emperor William "has just sent a portrait of himself to the Czar in oil." What in the world is a Czar in oil-a czardine ? We do not know the complexion of the cave-dweller, but judge him to have been a sort of terra cotta. 