UNTO THIS "LAST" BY J. REDDING WARE. PART II (CONTINUED). BLACK-POIII did not cry or sob. He opened the window, scrambled over the bead of the portico, slid down over the ivy arid turned out into the- world. Ten minutes "after ' .-H Wards be stood in the presence of a gipsy "blacker than himself, cooling his feet in a ' refreshing ditch. "Hullo. "What's up?" " I£ you please sir, I've run away, and I -.- -want to make my fortune." " Been nickin' ?" "What, sir?" . "What ba' you got in your pockets now?" " Half-a-crown and a valentine." " Hand over. "What can you do ?" "I can stand on my head, sir." " Oh ! that's the half-crown, is it ? Can you up a tree ? Ob ! that's the volentine, is it? Now up this tree to the top, and your fortin's made. Tery good; come down. Can you ride ? Tes ? Get atop o' my moke. What don't know what a moke ia? Lor, what ignorance! My donkey, there, down the lane. . Stick on when I stirs Lim up, and your fortin's made." Geff, who did nothing by halves, was in 'no time on the donkey's back, but it was too difficult to "stick on," when this sable Eomany stirred up the beast, for his process ^siwas to strike a lucifer and burn the poor brute in the flank. He kicked like a mule, but Gef£ held on, for a groom had loved the boy and taught lum to ride well. " Consider yourself engaged," said the gipsy, and that is how they never again saw Black-Poll at High Hall. They marvelled rather than mourned. The little ones cried a bit because he always fought up for them, but they soon forgot him, and in after years could never remember his bright, earnest face. Geff was born a man, so be never repented of action, though he soon found out that the -sable Eomany was a fraud as well as a . _tipV<ay» tumbler, and a teller of fortunes. ?^^?".In three months he had made Geff quite an acrobat, and as Gefî was already very smart at learning, the Eomany soon considered himself Geff's inferior, though be never said so. Once he had struck Goff, but he never did it a second time. " I£ you hit me again," says Geff, " I shall talk to the police." * + He could have found no better argument «r to prevail with the Eomany-no, not in al] the writings of the philosophers. He gained the gipsy a comparatively hon- est existence, saved him from many various imprisonments, went out and valiantly defeated a rival tinker-gipsy's rival appentice, overcome two more black eyes in seven days, and could tinker a pot even better than bis master. But he said at the end of -sevenlunar months and a week: " Beally, boss,. you must give up the ?v liquor, or I must leave you." » . "All'right chappy," said the seemingly " mollified Eomany. . But he did nothing ol the kind. u I must really look for fortune, in BODQE other line," said Geff, who on his father's '£ ' '. Bide came down after a fashion from the kings of England, and on his mother's from ''John Hampden. ,-. Pigged up in an ancient coat, a more ancient hat, decorated with the books oJ ' fate, in the shape of playing cards, with thf . tinker's knapsack on his back, a twisted ' stick in his left hand, and the Oracle o\ .?Oracles in his right-no wonder the villagt children followed the Eomany-tinker'i ? solemn-faced bread-winner when he cam( t amongst them. " " If you please, sir," said Geff Black-pol in English, equally solemn and good, " wil ; .you take a dip in the Oracle of Oracles and see what fortune has in store for you ?' " Bless me," said the shoemaker, halting and looking over his glasses, while the twi appentices-the most impudent in thi world (because they had the best of masters^ -grinned. "It will tell your fortune!" "Why, are you not ashamed?" "Quite," says candid Black-poll. "Bu when you have got to get your Irving you must-the best way you can. It wü tell you what fortune is going to do for you. "I wish it would tell me that a vagabom boy I have seen was coming to sit down b my stool and learn an honest trade, which i better than the devil's books any day in th ?week, including Sunday." "You seem to be a sensible man," said th ? 'solemn boy. "I dare say you mean vie, am ¿- * Z thing shoemaking would be more respeci able than fortune-telling ; but one does one' best, you know, and Job Suleyman-that' the Eomany-might be worse." '.«, "But you are not his son?" " Oh, dear me no. I ran away from hom because I do not really think they wantei me, and would find it a great comfort to ge rid of me. They'of ten said I did not belon« to them, and I do not think they belong t< me. I was born in a hurry twelve years ag< in Yorkshire, and I have not had much of ¡ time' of it since. If the tinker could do with out me, I should like to live with you." Here, just for one moment, a certain uppe] lip trembled. Nobody had spoken kindly to him since the last groom but one was sem away. They had some new servant once a week at nigh Hall. . ..""We'll see what the tinker says," said tlie shoemaker, taking off his apron ; " where is >' he?" fV: "Down the lane, taking more than is good r for him out of a stone bottle, and what ho Bays will be equally strong." ^r WroDg for once! The tinker's devotions suggesting fun, he ¿ad once more" tried the old game of making his donkey kick, by the playful method of lighting a couple of luci- fers under him. On this occasion the poor animal must hare begun to box the compass, and somewhere between north, north-east and east had kicked out sufficient of what the Komany no doubt called his brains to end that gentleman's efforts for ever. "Dear me," said Black-poll, without a tear for the tinker (GefE being more just than tender-hearted), "and I have not saved enouah to burv him: what are we to do?" "Make a present of him to the parish." "Thirteen and fourpence towards the parish," says dark-eyed young Honesty, holding up the warm silver and coppers. This out-of-the-way hamlet shoemaker began to tremble all over. In that one moment he felt more love for the dark skinned stray than all the Capel-Staggs had found in twelve years for the intruder. You see this is such a beastly queer world-it it. ""Why, Smaggers," said the Rev. Dr. Camperdown, "and whom have we here?" The Eector had been away for a month, and was. making a progress on his return home-the day after Greff's appearance. "You see the boy, sir? I mean to make a gentleman of him!" "Make a man of him, Smaggers; it will be enough. You know what I always say to you: Ne sutor ultra crept Jam." " I know, sir-let no cobbler get beyond his last.' But your proverb says nothing about the cobbler's son!" "Ob, is this your son? "Well, you have adopted many, and they havn't broken your heart, though most of them tried. Always in the clouds, Smaggers-always in the clouds! Did this boy drop from them? They will prove all alike-all alike! " 11 Ab uno disce omnes," said a grave and now stern little voice. It was the Bector who looked as though he had fallen from the clouds. " Can you hack Latin, boy?" "Wot much, sir. Miss tireen, our gover- ness, taught me for fun, and told me it was a secret, and when mother-only she said I was not her own boy-found Miss Green out, she had to go !" "Why, what are you?" He put down the flatting hammer, which already he had begun to use with some dexterity, and said, in a steady voice, "I was born in a hurry at the 'Zetland Arms,' Dundas Town, Yorks, and my father and mother never looked on me as their son, because I was dark, and all my brothers and sisters were fair; so I ran away to seek my fortune seven months and a week ago, and fell in with the tinker who ill-used the donkey, who kicked him to death, and then Mr. Smaggers" (here came a faint ghost of a smile, which vanished directly) " took me in, and here I am!" "My dear boy, tell me who your parents are?" "I never knew them." "But the people you lived with." "No." "They may be grieving for you." He shook his head slowly. "No." "You will never tell their names." "No." "He never will," thought the Jiector, who agreed with the shoemaker upon so many points, that he added to the collection by trembling as he looked upon the steady little outcast. "I will think," said the cautious Eector. "I will think over this for a week." During those seven days great things hap I pened to Geff. He had two fights with the apprentices, and was dishonoured by defeat, as in reason he would be. But he was the sworn friend of the apprentices from that moment, and while Dick within the week taught Geff to swim and dive, Joe initiated him into the divine art of playing tunes on I the hair-comb swathed in paper, and espe I cially " Bule Britannia." At the end of the week the Eector made his appearance. " Smaggers, I will adopt this boy. I'm childless, as you know.1' " God bless you, sir." " I'd rather stop here," said Black-poll. " "Why, my dear boy ?" said Smaggers. " Because I like you," he replied. " But you shall come and learn shoemak- ing once a week, if you like," said the moved Sector. "And with me you will be amongst people like your father and mother." " My real father and mother ?" The Bector and shoemaker agreed again, for they nodded. The boy wavered, for the first time since the cobbler had seen him. At last he looked steadily at the man who had pulled him out of the mud. " Go!" said the good creature in a tender withered voice No one saw his heart bleed. ****** A week afterwards the Bector said to his wife, " Here is this boy, with his head full of brains, and his heart full of love and pluck. But for us he might have been lost" " Surely the cobler had something to do with it ?" observed his wife, ominously smil- es " Smaggers is an admirable man," said the Bector. But, truth to tell, the incumbent was already a little jealous of the divided affection the boy maintained. For seven years Geff Camperdown (for he took the Sector's name when he would not reveal his own), went once a week to Smaggler's cot to learn shoe-making. He never faltered. His heart never wavered. His first judgment never swerved; from this poor man he dated his salvation. A man is himself, can be no other ; and therefore, Dr. Camperdown could not avoid instilling his own theories of life into the brain of his adopted son. Geff accepted the intensely aristocratic education which is associated with the two imperial dead langu- ages ; but ne never was ashamed of the cobbler, loved him with a steady respect, which awed even the aging Bector. ##-**# " Geff, dear," he said when the boy was nineteen (it was the first of April, and often Stagg-Capel had made a joke upon the date). " Geff, we must nip you off our old hearts now-you must go to Oxford !" "What do you think of doing, Geff ; would you like the church ? I have still some in- fluence." " No, sir," he said briefly, " I think a University coach would be more in my line." . wrenery, enea mrs. uamperdown, " would you break my heart ? You are an admirable whip, but surely you would never live by it ?" "The boy means an Oxford tutor: a very good idea. I still hear now and again from the family of the Duke of Brecon. The Duke gave me this living-his second son was once my pupil. You remember his portrait as a boy, and which indeed might pass for Greff's own. He is now the Marquis )£ St. Oggs. I hope they will do something For you, Geff. Boland was a capital lad, md came to be heir by the death of his brother Kufus, while his father, who was äupposed to be dying, has had the dukedom nearly eighteen years. Tes, I am sure the Brecons will do something for you especially when they see your likeness to themselves." Two hours before Geff set out, he went down to the shoemaker. " Good-bye dad," he said-he had always called him " dad." " Good-bye lad," said the now grizzled mechanic. "Don't let them spoil you at Oxford. I've seen it spoil a good many." " No fear, dad." How peacefully that night the cobbler slept only the cobbler knew. Nesutor ultra crepidam- he had indeed defied the ancient proverb to some purpose. He had found a street arab, and given him a soul. At Isisopolis they called him by various names-a brick, a cad, a swotter, a teapot, a swell-head, a don, an acephalos, a howler, a stunner-according to the qualifications of the critic. He worked hard and pleased the working-men, played hard and satisfied the athletes, went to chapel and gratified the " softs," would not wine, and delighted the blue ribbon brigade -but would mix with the poor, and thereby offended every- body. The swells declared he was contagion itself-and cut him. He went on his way, good at all things, a dab at many ; so that at the end of three years, during high Commemoration, he was one of the sights for ali sorts of men, espec- ially as one of the winning 'Varsity boat on the Thames, between Putney and Mort- lake. He took only a month's holiday in Switz- erland, and then went into harness as tutor to Lord Eufus Bolinbroke, aged sixteen, heir after his father (Marquis of St. Oggs) to the Dukedom of Brecon, and perhaps the most absolute idiot to be found in or out of the peerage. Lord Eufus could barely spell his name, a difficulty due, it was said, to the water on his brain, or at all events to something. Geff Camperdown was quite serene upon his entry into the ducal home-but the noble marquis was seen to stagger at the Bight of the tutor. ! By the end of a month, the marquis was quite nervous and unhinged. Geff had heard through Smaggers, that the marquis had been writing letters about " Mr. Cam- perdown," to the Eector. It was then the end of August, and very warm. "I wish Mr. Camperdown, that you would induce Lord Eufus to learn to swim. Perhaps it would strengthen his brain," said the marquis. " Certainly, my lord. The Coombe Broad is capital bathing." "I will come down myself," said the marquis. Next morning Lord Bufus was to be seen howling on the brink of the lake, while his father stood by in a savage condi- tion, while the tutor tried to persuade the poor creature to dip into the water. "They tell me, Mr. Camperdown, you dive from the Salmon Bock. Show Lord Eufus how you dive." " Certainly, my lord." The tutor went to the rock, performed the necessary somersault (whereby he showed the soles of the feet), and disap- peared head first. When he came up again he saw the marquis lying on the turf. To leave the water and lift the nobleman was simple work. Geff betrayed no sur- prise. "You must be amazed, Mr. Camperdown, at my behaviour," said the marquis when he had recovered. " Not at all, my lord, I expected results when you should see the two butterfly tatooings on the soles of my feet." " You know-?" " That I am your son? Yes, I have been aware of it for three years." "And you have not spoken ?" " I had no opportunity. "When I went to college, at the first chance I got, I went up to Dundas Town, in Yorkshire, and then to the " Zetland Arms." There I learnt enough to guess the rest." " They told me, twenty years since, that you were dead." " And you took them at their word-you did not want proof ? I learnt that you had been there once." " But I never said who I was," urged the marquis. " Your man did ;-he spoke to one of the stablemen at the 'Zetland Arms.' My likeness to yourself, my lord, when you were little more than my present age, frightened the old landlady, and she told me -more than you know. As to the tatoo- ings, I guessed that you must have yourself performed the work in order some day to identify me-you have done so." ..." But my dear bay (what a fine fellow you have grown !) why did you not write to me when you had discovered who I was ?" " I had a father to love." " Camperdown, my old tutor ?" " No, one Snaggers, a cobbler." " My Lord-" " You see, you have no name for me. You might easily have traced me fourteen years since, when your second wife died, and you were free to act. We are droll brothers," he said, looking at Lord Rufus, who was now shivering with amazement. " I will acknowledge yon. At whom are you looking ?" In his swimming costume Geffran towards an old man who was approaching. "Geff," called Snaggers, "don't be frightened, but the Hector has had a sort of fit, and so I knew what to do. Come home." " I will. My lord," for the marquis had followed, "let me present you to my besl friend, a cobbler-who went beyond his last Let me present yon to the Marquis of St Oggs-my father." " What-you have found him ?" asked the cobbler. " Yes-honest dad Snaggers." CONCLUDED. 