? s R. Corning (London ley : Alexander Gardner}] L is an aoMÉtW^i£uropean|i tost made by an American gebtlemjar'wbo was not in a hurry. He knew tow to drift, and wAeo happily master of dH«uinstances as to be*\4e to follow bis impulse VhitbtriH»!»ft might lead him. The book opens with bis depasture fan England {or France—rid the Câtmel Islands, a route which lie earnestly recommends to his countrymen, adding regretfully : "Bat they won't take it." Sweden aiH Norway, Germany and Russia, Italy and Spaïu are visited in turn. Boring bis stay in Spain this flaneur en voyage is tempted to run aanjBS to the African Coast and have a look at TeWan, and is amply rewarded for the effort. Kart after Aalesund, Tetuan seems to have mf e the most lively impresâon upon his invagination. The charms of ibis Moorish etwtaghold were, perhaps, enhanced by the diflfculties of gaining access to it. TETCAK BT SIGHT. ** We came across camel trains and men on foifc, and an hour before we reached our destination a brace of sturdy soldiers joined our liUfee party and kept with us to the end. In thV fast gathering night-shades tbe indistinct evidences of wayside hotB indicated the nearncftft of Tetnan. The flickering lights and odsadonal voices were sights and sounds most grateful, for we were fatigued to the bone, and haded with delight the stone bridge across a sluggish stream, for it brought ns beneath the formidable whitewashed battlements of Tetuan. Itr-Was nine o'clock, and the gates had been cllaed since sundown ; but we all set up a m^fty shouting supplemented by vigorous poindings, a real international concert, in which maky Etrange tongues commingled, but it accomplished its purpose and brought a solitary silhouette to the parapets, who with tbe eoSeuinity of an official ghost, demanded what we Wanted. This uncalled for question must be' (described in the governmental rubric, for out appearance ought enrely to have done away with any such intem^atoiy. After a long paltley. in which mention of reward was fluently heard, the silhouette vanished, and in -due time, according to Moorish etiquette, two hours or so later, returned with a permit from the commandant to enter. Even at midnight it was highly ludicrous to watch that Moorish functionary .is he stood in the exasperating flicker of a lantern, and did his best to note our names as we gave them. His big ear-rings moved mechanically as be tried to catch the strange phonetics, but he stuck to his task most faithfully, and after satisfying himself that he had secured our patronymics, we passed down the narrow inner walks, a weird band, I'm bound, and then through another creaking gate out into the great silent marketplace, hemmed in by solid blocks of square white houses with miniaittro casements like BO many black eyes peering out upon tbe nigbt. I do not remember meeting a livjng soul in that mîdnùrht transit of Tetuan. Dogs barked as a j matter of course, but. the prowling rounder or the drowsy watchman did not come npon the scene." ïh daylight the scene changed and the deserted streets became thronged witli a motley and picturesque crowd. ÏETCAX BT DAT. "The rabble is even more kaleidoscopic than at Tangiers, and all kinds and conditions of men are met on the rfcreets, the most abject and miserabie creatures imaginable. Diseasestricken beggars stretch forth tlieir palsied palms for money, but nobody takes notice of them. Then there cams along the prosperous merchant, the loud-mouthed hawkers of small ware, the fruit-vendors, the donkey boys with shrill pipings, and the sharp-eyed Jew with bands behind his back. Then come tbe Tetuan women, with straw hats as large as cart wheels and faces hidden behind folds of linen, their eyes peering out and half smiling at Christian curiosity and modern trousers. Saves with bare backs tagging at their work; soldiers, counterparts of our men-at-arms, with long beanpole guns slung over their shoulders; hunters, with baskets of rabbits and partridges ; and many other comical and interesting figures of humanity, play their parts in the panorama of the Afric&n; Orient. " Out in the spacious market-place were crowds of people seemingly doing. nothing but existing, and jet many hidden currents coursed beneath that moving sea of turbans and fezzes. The Moors appear stupid and meek, bnt they wear a mask, and behind it they keep up a tolerable thinking. Artisans ply their trades in dingy holes and cellars, and tbe traders sit cross-legged in their cuddy-houses, wearing on their swarthy faces an expression of utter unconcern—and yet, just begin trading with one, and in a moment you will be surrounded with a vociférons chamber of commerce, and then you will understand how much there is behind the Moorish mask." Not contait with the Canonical sail up the Norwegian fiords, this untiring tea relier purchases a horse and trap sad devotes himself to an exploration of tbe interior. Occasionally be bas to put up with very primitive accommodation. A KOBWEGHIR BED-EOOH. While the Norwegians are sturdy of stature, their beds are amusingly dwarfed and stxangely made op. A novice may expect at any moment to find himself in a lump, painfully contorted and aching in every joint, with the bed-clothes on the floor. It is a complete collapse. A generation of travellers had complained of this anomaly in housekeeping, until tbe guide-books came to the rescue and told bow to make one's bed. Those to the manner born put in a wedge under the pillow, but we are instructed to remove the same, and then tuck in the clothes tightly all round, a process which, after a few trials, becomes efficacious in carrying the sleeper safely through the night. Another peculiarity consists in hanging the looking-glass so high— * skying ' it, in fact, as if it were a doubtful painting—and compelling the matutinal razor to perform blood-curdling evolutions. Whenever I mentioned these indigenous things, the good people of the bouse manifested great surprise but no pity, and left me to undertake any reform I deemed proper." As a rule, the writer contents himself with telling what he sees, making little or no pretence to historical, antiquarian, or topographical knowledge beyond the local lore that is carrent coin among tourists. Being an American lie naturally knocks a good deal of fun out of his European experiences. The drollery is mostly in the incidents, not in the relation. Midnight Sunbeams ; or, Bits of Travd through the land of the Norseman. \ By Edwin Coolidge Kimball. (LonSon and Paisley : Alexander Gardner.}—" Midnight Sunbeams "is also the work of an American tourist. It is a sketch of a journey through Sweden, Norway, and Denmark. The sail from Trondbjeim to the North C3pe is not all poetry, however, and a visit to a whale-oil factory affords material for realistic description in the sphere of the loathsome. The salmon diet, supposed to be one of tbe attractions of the fiord trip, seems to have been rather overdone on the North Cape steamer, Kong Halfdan. •ALWAYS SALMON. _ "Almost tbe first word the tourist will learn in Korway is Lax (salmon), for ho is absolutely certain to see it upon the table every day during his stay in the country. Daring our steamer trip we were served with salmon three times dally ; it came upon tie table, boiled, fried, broiled and smoked ; we were served with salmon salad, salmon jeliy, and salmon padding. "The pudding is the chef d'autre of tbe Norwegian cook's art. Tbe fish is first separated from the bones, cut into small pieces, and alter bang chopped fine is mixed with eggs, milk, and flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, and boiled in a mould. It is generally made from salmon and cod or hallibut arranged in layers, and as it appears epos the table it Jooks like a mtrald of stfewberif and vanilla ice cfeatn, or % variegated Italian Cham or blase-mange. Its consistency is somewhat firmer than the last, all as we ate it for tbe first time at dinner, served after the soup, we were full of wondering afcfl questioning as to what it conld be. A lobster or shrimp sauce ia eaten with it, and it forms a palatable dish ; we did sot relieh it as ^dl upon its second appearance at supper cot into slices and fried. "The smoked salmon is uncooked, and is cured and prepared much like smoked halibut. It always graces the breakfast table, and we became quite fond of it, although manT dislike it exceedingly. -"Notwithstanding the £aet that the Norwegian - Porte, where they had been taken fresh from the water, yet after sitting down to thirty-three always one of the constituents, we must confess " * upon the voyage with a My ^ its end Lax had ,SSE& OWCIERt' ; _ _ċ , . -•we proceeded ™Sp a IÏBgb#,fjo«l, ïAere •ejfeSf glorious sight of the Svattisai|ll» test «BUT view. ^PHE$««RTISEN is theseen^L glaâei- in •rwaft anfffftftwii mantle o 1 . y-fc& life and covering É< ity4|o f|ua liiles, spread oat eaa «îousanâs it feet high, from ide Atowy peats., from this plateau Sestéfiî SCTCia! ^sciers between the mountains, and we now viewed the one which descends the nearest to (lie sea. The bright afternoon shit shone upon this grand glacier, which for ages lias been moving slowly downward, until its glittering mass of snow and ice extends almost to lie bloe water. Nothing could bfe more beautifal than this pure-white congealed Etream, as we view its coikrse, flowing from the great ice-fields above, amid its dark framing of barren rock, down to the green slopes &t; the base of the mountains. " " We landed in email'boats upon the ïocky shore and started to walk to the glacier, bnt the distance, winch from the steamer seemed but s few rods, lengthened into over a mile. After two days of confinement upon the steamer it was a great pleasure to walk along the rocky shore, fathering shells, sea-moss, and new and strange flowers blooming npon grassy slopes just beyond the rocks. At last we stood at the base of tbe glacier, which towered above ns more than thirty feet ; great pieces of ice. had been broken off and stood detached in pools of water, or were piled against each other ; as far as we could see, the surface of tbe glacier was of pure white, in great contrast with the Swiss glaciers, so soiled and dirty from piles of stones and great moraines. As we looked down the deep crevasses penetrating into tbe recesses of the glacier, we found that tbe ice was a beautiful dark blue, rivalling in tint the bluest of skies. We climbed op tbe glacier a short distance, but found it too difficult and dangerous an undertaking, and were content to walk along its margin, lost in wonder before this great crystal storehouse. " In beauty and grandeur tbe Svartisen glacier £ir exceeds anything we had seen in Switzerland; even the fine glaciers about Pontresina, Zeimatt, Chamonix, fjiindelwald, and those that sweep around the base of the Eggishorn, are surpassed by this pore-white glacier in the far North. We were rowed back tu the steamer after two hours npon land, and as we sailed away we witched until the last moment, lite wonderful SvartiseD, which was one of the most beautiful sights oï the whole trip." This favoured excursion party bad the crowning good fortune to get a cfe&r; VlèW of tbe midnight son from the North Cape, a boon often withheld bom tht most appreciative voyagers. 