Novelist r :Me Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. . Qv Gqrrisoti tZones -V;v . chapter //// JUDITH FINDS A CLUE. Lacly Cecilia Ejrummond had issued party, and it cliancecl . tliat Lady Seville's maid had |alleji ill. i v i£j'on tyou thiiik you can find iimo to > dress " me, Janet, when you have done -Maygqeyite questioned her janet was > spre she could, and accord - " ' jngly) haying roed Lady pearl in her > '..-rat#, gqlden;silk, and fastened tlie pearls lovely throat and in her > golden ;.V;yVv|j'she'tfij!pea'aoroM to Lady Neville's jhificeriL(lrea8ing- > rqqqi. y; V4 oq?ll fiaye to hurry a trifle, Janet, " V :?/v,said $jpr > ladyship ; " we've no time to \- lose, and I- do not carp tq be late " > 'Spdanetsetto work \yith pirn blq fingers. .''.'v.Sfee.'wah W artist in her > way, qnd her v taste iu dress was exquisite. : '5. > . v, h-Jtealiy, Janet, > I must compliment your. skill," said the earl's handsome ; . ' gister, > surveying herself in a mirror ; t'my : ."ia perfect. And now," she added, 1 > . graciously, "be good enough to select what ornaments X shall wear ; no > doubt you kuow better than X." Janet surveyed lier with a oritioal eye, from > the crown of her handsome blonde , head to the flowing train of her sweeping > // / :! black velvet robe. . " Diamonds," she said, curtly, unlock ing the > jewel-case the solitaire in your bosom, and these bracelets — not the > bandeau, 'tis too heavy— and these ' camellias are muoh more becoming, with > fisjlrigbf green:';and scarlet to give them -A . odor." ' ' ' 1 ' ' ' " ' : > Lady Neville smiled as Janet clasped andfnstiefied the flowers in her : - b > l,y » " i siiail have to bribe you away from Lndy Marguerite," she said, pleasantly. "X have not been so well dressed in a month. And there's the carriage ; and liere comes Lady Pearl ! My cloak aud gloves, please." Janet brought them, and as she threw the elegent mantle over the stately matron's shoulders, she said, in her quiet way : " 1 am very sorry, Lady Neville, but I shall be compelled to leave on Mon day.' ' Lady Neville turned and stared at her in amaze. "To leave, Janet?" she cried. "For what reason, pray ? Do you .want higher wages ? What is it ? ' "No, my lady ; my wages are satis factory, but there are personal matters' that force mo to leave, and I regret it very much," " So do I," said her ladyship, candidly. ''You are a reliued, capable girl, and I should very much like Lady Marguerite to keep you after her marriage, Janet. You would have a permanent home." " I am very sorry," said Janet, "but I am compelled to go, at least for a time." "But you will conie back to me, Janet," cried Pearl, who had entered and heard the conversation ; " you will come back to me ?" " Indeed X will, my dear young lady, just as soon as I can," replied Janet, the tears rising to her eyes. ' "Well," said Lady Neville, "I am sorry ; but if it cannot be helped, there's no use in wasting words about it. Come, Marguerite, the carriage waits, and we shall barely make the drive in time." They swept out of the room and down the broad staircase, and Janet, crossing to the window, watched them as they en tered the carriage. Sir Bayard Brompton, who was a guest at the Towers, was their escort, of course. He ran down the steps, bowing and smil ing, and assisted them into the carriag'e, and Janet's watchful eyes saw that Lady Marguerite, in her golden drapery, shrank away from 1ub touch with ill-concealed aversion. " Poor little Pearl !" she sighed, and the tears that filled her eye3 overflowed and trickled down her cheeks ; poor little Pearl 1 She dislikes him now, and she'll hate him by and by. Poor little girl, who never knew a mother's love 1 It breaks my heart to leave her in the troubles that's coming ; but I must, I must go and find my lady ! There's something in my heart that tells me I must go !" She turned from the window into the sumptuous apartment. All the rooms at the Towers were very quaint and grand, aud this one, chosen by Lady Neville was very large, and gorgeously furnished in blue and gold. Just across was a suite of three, in pink, and white, and gold, which the earl had especially refurnished for his daughter, and beyond, gloomy and silent, was the great crimson state- chamber, the birth and bridal-room of the Strathspeys, closed and locked, and filled with haunt ing spectres. Janet Burns stood looking about her, the pale, flaxen hair pushed back from her brow, her heart filled with memories of days gone by. She half fancied she could see the countess as she looked in the early days of her happy wifehood, tripping through the grand rooms, and filling them with music and Bunshine. And now, where was she ? Shut up in a mad-house, or perhaps dead of a broken heart ! The gril locked her hands in fierce determina tion, her eyes glowing beneath her frilled cap. " I'll find her," she said, " if she's alive or dead — I'll find lier, my dear, dear lady!" She turned to the silver and ebony toilet table, and began to gather up tlie costly trifles and put them in 'their respec tive places— jewels, and laces, and'dainty glbyds, ahel gbld perfume -fiasskg, and all flip nameless, paraphernalia qf a fiqe lady's j:oilet. Presently she picked up a little mother'; of- pearl card case, and as she was in the act of slipping it into a drawer, it fell from her hand, scattering its contents on the carpet at her feet. Janet gathered them up, pretty em bossed cards, all inscribed with noble names, and was returning them to the case, but one, coarser and larger, than the rest, obstructed the closing of the lid. She drew it out, and in so doing the printed nameB upon it arrested her atten tion. uMi'1fraH (rranGA Privafft Aarlnm fnr the insane. Doctors J. T. Crane and George Mcintosh, managers." For the moment she held it in her hand, half unconscious of what it meant. Then the. truth flashed upon her. She uttered a joyful cry': 1 Thank Heaven, X hayefoupd the clue atl'ast!"k ' Meanwhile Lady Neville's; carriage drove lo ' the residence of Sir Yaruey Brummond. " Sir Varpey, as we oiqitted to say, had, in obedience tq a whim of his wife, taken a country mansion called 44 The Firs," right under the shadow of the Scottish hills, aud only an hour's drive from Strathspey Towers, Lady Cecilia had been most cordially invitea to spend the spring months at the Tqwers, with Lady Neville, but she took a fancy to. have an establishment of her own, and poor old Varney gratified her, as he did in everything else, and now she was giving a ball at "The Firs," a kind of masquerade, to which all the surrounding magnates were invited. The Earl of Sfrathspay was there, and also his fyopeful son and heir, Lord Angus. Now, Lord Angus was a black sheep, but it does not follow that he was an ill- looking one, or any the less a favorite with tlie feminine portion of his acquaint ances. Men detested him, as they al ways dq a rogue and a reprobate, no matter what might be their own private feelings ; but ladies, as a general rule, fancied him, for Lord Angus was hand some, after a fashion, aud gracefully im pudent, and more than all he was ah earl jn prospective. He opened the ball with Lady Cecilia and her ladyship never in all her life looked more dazzling. The dance over, she sought the earl, his father, and found liirn on the balustrade, staring out at the silent, starlit hills. "Now, my lord earl," said the grace ful la«ly, laying a light, hand on his arm ; " is this complimentary ? ' I invite you to my ball ; you:come, and I find you out here star-gazing." ' ' The earl turned and faced her, and his gloomy eyes brightened. Her sheeny robes ancl glinting jewels, I ' " J i ' ' ' J aiid her bright, be watching face made such a picture. 41 1 beg your ladyship's pardon," he said, " but I am in no mood for gayety to-night ; yet," he added, gallantly, " the sight of you, like the sun, has driven away half my gloom already." 41 Then let me drive away the other half," she said, gaily," as she took his arm ; 4' I'm not going to have you sulking through the evening. Come, we ll look in at my fiowms ; Sir Yaruey had them arranged only yesterday, and we'll get back to the music-room in timv for the redowa, I opened the ball with your son, he's a charming dancer." "I am glad To hear it," replied the earl, bitterly, 41 he needs to be charming in something." ""Wiiy, Lord Strathspey, for shame," she cried, her wicked ejres dancing, "he's very agreeable, and a decidedly handsunie young man, I'm sure." 44 I'm glad to hear it, Lady Cecilia," replied the moody earl. 44 Oh, you're ill- tempered, Lord Stratli- spey," she said, pettishly, " and 1 don't aliow gentlemen to be cross with me— what's the matter, what can I do to com fort you V" ' 44 1 am past being comforted, Lady Drummond !" They had entered the greenhouse, and she turned from him an instant and broke off a cluster of creamy white rosebuds, which emitted a rare, sweet odor. 44 Angus," she said, returning to his side again, with the fragrant cluster in her white fingers and her lovely, be wildering face all tremulous with tender emotion, 44 Angus, have you quite for gotten the old days when you and I were young together r Don't you remember how you would come to me when you were vexed or troubled, and I always had power to soothe and comfort you? Let me be the same friend now, let me help and comfort you." Her pleading face, her tremulous, dulcet voice, the touch of her white hands as they clasped his arm, and the subtle odors of the flowers, half bewildered the poor, remorse-3tricken, sorrow- wearied nobleman. His cold heart thrilled at the mention of his youth. " Ah me," he sighed, mournfully ; 44 if we could go bac t to those days, Lady Cecilia, I might hope for health and comfort, but now — there's nothing for me but despair and death." 44 You shall not say so, dear friend," the white hands tightening their clasp, the glowing face and melting eyes draw ing nearer and nearer; 44 there's health and comfort yet. I know how it is ; I know all about this lonely, dreary, deso lation " — her eyes filling with tears, that made them all the brighter, her red lips quivering — 4 4 yet I won't give up to de spair. But oh, Angus," she added, giv ing way to an outburst of passionate emotion, 44 what a pity it is that we ever- parted, you and I, we were such true friends and we were so happy j aud all these after days have been so unutterably miserable. " The earl gazed at her hidden face and drooping figure iu utter amazement, and then his eyes, began to soften. It is hard for even a British peer to withstand the blandishments of a woman like my Lady Cecilia. 44 1 wish to Heaven we never had parted," he burst out, scarcely conscious of what he had said. 44 If we never had, I should have been spared many an hour of shame and agony." She started, and brushed the tears from her cheeks. s -'4 Oh, Lord Sirathspey, 1 beg your par don,' she- cried, with well- affected1 innq- cence. 44 1 don't know when I was so overcome; pity for your sorrows stirred up my" own. Let i! passaiid'he forgotten, please. And' hqvv,".'she c'out'iniieiV, smil ing, with " the ear-drops on ' lpq-' lo.ng lashqs, V4. heire aye your pet roses4'-' setting the creamy' cluster in hjs' b.utto.n-hole ; " you used to love them long ago. You see I Remember all your faucies ; and now I am not going lo have you moping one liit— you shall pot, my lord ! Youy troubles are well over, and years of hap piness may. yet b.e yours," The earl shoqk his hea'l, but she led him off through the dim, fiowory aisles, at her very brighest, like au April day, a. tet her momentary gloom, Through thq wilderness of blooming flowers, with the musical plash of foun tains, aud the song of birds in his ears ; and more entrancing, more bewildering than all, with her white hands clasping his arm, her sparkling face almost touch- ing nis snouiciers, ana ner sort, sweet whispers soothing him, the Earl of Sirathspey wandered, half forgetting his sorrows, half forgetting that fond, true heart that broke and bled in solitary con finement, and feeling t-be bipod thrilling tlit-ou'gh his Veins "'with' something of its old fire and' ardor. ' Lady Cecilia watched him, with exul tant glances, from beneath her raven lashes. The hour of her triumph was at ! hand ; the hour fqr which she had planned and waited for half her life-time ; and now, at the last, when lier revenge was almost within her grasp, her heart began to relent and soften, and the old girlish love, the only love she had ever known, to reassert itself. They returned to the ball-room in time for the redowa, but Lord Strathspey de clined to dance. 4 The honor of yqqj hand is a great temptation, Lady Drummond," lie said, gallantly, 4 4 but for me to dance would be worse than mockery. I" sliall never dance again." Iady Cecilia pouted and shrugged her ! pretty shoulders, and Lord Angus, chanc ing to pass near at the mqment, she cried out; wilfully : 44 My lord, your, father is so very un- gallant that he refuses to dance with me, and here I stand without a partner." The young man waq at her side in a twinkling. 44 If your ladsliip will allow me the honor ?" he said, with a bow .and a stnile, as he proffered her liig ayip, She accepted it, shaking her fan at the earl, and away they floated, as the instru ments broke out with a crash. Lord Strathspey stood and watched them with a hard, bitter look in his eye3. That son, for whose sake he had wrecked his own happiness, was a sore thorn in the flesh to him, a humiliation and disgrace. Only a few months before he had paid out a snug little fortune to liquidate his debts, and every day brought some new ; story- of his dreadful dis iipation and dis: graceful liaisons. ' 4 4 1 wonder what marriage would do for him ?'' the erl thought, as he followed him with moody, troubled eyes. 44 A man of his calibre never reforms ; his brutality and coarseness would break any woman's in-art. And he's my only son — the last one of all my noble race 1 Great heavens, I wonder if the earth holds an other man so utterly accursed asl am !" A troop of masked figures were crowd ing past him, and all at once a voice rang in his ear like a trumpet, and again he heard the fearful words which, years before, had predicted a felon's fate for his own son ! : The earl grew ghastly white, gasped for breath, and after one horrible, dizzy mom lit fell like a log to the floor. CHAPTER XNXVII. LADY CECILIA'S CRIME. It was late in May, and Lord . Strath" spey had been lying ill at 44 The Firs ' for a couple of weeks., f His malady was brain-fever, of a most aggravated type, and the medical men would not suffer him to be moved. Moreover,. Lady, Drummond would not agree ' to it. Re was one of her oldest friends, and. she felt it a privilege to be able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless ' man that he was ! '7'V : vV; The earl was very ifi, and in -imminent danger of death. -The - grave doctors warned Lady Neville that she mast be prepared for the worst. She' and Lady P( arl were permanently, established "at "The Firs," until' 'the' crisis of the di sease should be over. Sir Bayard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at the Towers, riding over to Lady Drummond's every day, to learn how liis father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final crisis was at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming in panting gasps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on lier knees in her own chamber, and poor little Pearl had sob bed herself into a troubled sleep ; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man's pillow. She stood and watched him with a kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her hands locked, her white teeth set, her black eyes glittering. It was her work, and yet at that, moment she would freely have given the soul from her body to un do it. TJie tiny French clock on the mantel ticked away the laggard moments, and the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely seeming to breathe. Lady Cecilia's eyes never once left the white, death-stricken face. 44 Oh, if he might live, if he might live," was the one cry of her heart. She could not pray. She knew no God, she had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in life ! And in that terrible moment, all her love, fierce and selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clock struck for midnight, and the doctors exchanged glances. For one moment their pa'.ieut lay breathless, his eyes closed, his hands lying limp and white on the coverlid. Then there came a sudden, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids flattered, the labouring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon the sufferer like a benediction. 44 Hs'll live," said the doctors, in a breath, 14 the danger's past I ' Lady Cecilia uttered a cry of joy, an fled away to her own chamber to weep the passionate tears she could not re strain. Her paroxysm of emotion oyer, she flung the casement ' wide open, and sat down to reflect. ' ' All her mad, selfish, passioqate nature was in a tumult, but sup.reqie afiioye every other, feeling iyas lier Joye, the lqye which neglect and coldness and time had failed tq subdue! She had worked for her re-, venge upon this man who had played her false, and in the end, when her way was clear, she found the old love rising up, stronger eyeq than lier hate. She bared her queenly-head to the night wiuds, and a raised her troubled gaze to the silent, starlight sky, and let her thoughts rove baok to those early days, when her hopes were so bright; 44 1 could win him yet," she said, at last, between her set teeth, 44 1 could wear the coronet I always coveted, if I lucre oulyfrcc _ She hissed the words out in a kind of sib Wit whisper, and her eyes wandered ' through au open door into the chamber where poor old Sir Yaruey lay. A benig nant, generous old man, with a heart as tender and simple as a child s, and only one failing, his weak, indulging lo.ve for the woman w.ho was his wife. Her eyes rendered toward the cham ber, full of .passionate scorn and oon- tempt. ' She could 3oe him' lying on his couch, his silver 1'b! stream, iiig over the pillow and abound his peaceful face. 44 The old do.tart !" she murmured, lier fine lips curling. 44 Will he live forever,, I wonder ? I married him for his gold — why can't lie die now, and set me free — why can't he ?" lu the soft spring moonlight that streamed through the casement lier face looked like the face of a beautiful fiend. 44 1 could win him. A.11 things prosper with me. I could be QuUntess of Strath spey yet, if! m>'e only free She uttered the words in a kind of breathless way, and her fascinated gaze still sought Sir Yarney's chan bey, Once in her mind, the. horrible idoa seemed to possess and cmitrolhor.- She arose softly, and crossed into tlie room on tiptoe. 44 Strong and healthy— he'll live for ever !" she uttered, gazing down upon the sleeping bayonet's face 44 and I am bound to. him. What a fool I was ! Not- even liis gold and title were worth this. Why can't the bid;fool dtio ? ' ; Once give. \yav to, a temptation and it haunts you to- the end. Lady - . -Drum mond's face grew white and sgt iu tlie misty moonlight, aiid hoi' eyes began to glitter \yi|U H baleful light, 44 Why not?"' she murmuredj in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. 44 Better wo men than I am have done as uid. I can't live on, fettered "to an old dotard — I can't — I ico, n't /" The passionate whisper half roused Sir Yarney ; he turned on his pillow and murnnirp.d incoherently. She watched him with burning eyes till he relapsed into sleep ; then she crossed the room and entered a small closet, fitted out like ;a cabinet, with innumerable rows of ; bottles on the shelves. 'One of these she selected--r-a tiny, slender vial, filled willx ; a whitish kind of mixture— and putting ! it in her bosom, re-locked the cabinet '' and! returned to the chamber. Sir Yarney was stirring again, and slightly moaning, as if in pain. Presently he raised himself to a sitting posture, and his dyes fell upon his wife, 622 44 Why, Cecilia !" he said, in the kind voice with which he always addressed her; 44 why are you up so late, child 1 Yhat's the matter ? Is the earl worse ?" 44 No ; he's better, Sir Varney." 44 Well, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my love, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a strange, unpleasant sensation ! 1 must have had a rush of blood to the brain, or something of the kind." His wife arose with alacrity. She had hearkened to the voice of the tempter, and he was prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. She crossed to the little table upon which the wine service stood, and turn ing her back upon her husband, poured out a glass ; then, without an instant's hesitation, she drew the little vial from her bosom, and removing; the cork, poured about half the whitish mixture into the wine. It was all done, and the vial re- hidden in her bosom, in the space of a breath. "Will you .drink it undiluted, Sir Varney?' she asked, approaching the bed. 44 Yes, my dear, I'll take it just so. I'm feeling miserably weak." She put the glass in his hand, and he drained it at a draught. 44 Why, child, lie said, 44 it has a bitter ish taste, or perhaps my tongue's fevered. There, that will do," as she smoothed out his pillow. " Thank you, my love, and I'm sorry to have troubled you. Go to bed now — please do. You'll be ill to morrow, and I don't like to see my dar ling's cheeks pale." She turned to leave him, and had half- crossed the room, when he called her back. 44 Cecilia," he said, 44 I'm foolish and childish to-night Won't you kiss me once before you go ? I believe if you do I shall be able to sleep. " She turned back, and kissed him with out a word. 44 My beautiful darling, my own, own wife," he murmured, stroking her head caressingly. She hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully white and horror-stricken. 44 I am free — I am free," she whis pered, in a dazed sort of way, as she entered her own apartment and locked herself in. (To be continued. ) 