THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST. SATURDAY, MAR. 16, 1889 NATIONALISM VERSUS PROVIN- CIALISM. A MATTER of grave importance in connection with intercolonial affairs was alluded to by Mr. Patterson in his speech at Castlemaine on Thursday evening. The question was the necessity for uniformity of gauge on the railways. The intercolonial commercial value of being able to run the same rolling stock from one end of the continent to the other," said Mr. Patterson " is of paramount importance to Australia. We have to pro- vide against the possibility of some foreign invasion, and on the ground of Australian defence the uniformity of these gauges is imperatively demanded." There is no gainsaying this assertion. The necessity of providing for the defence of the colonies is universally admitted, and very large sums have been expended for the purpose, but as the same time the important matter of the provision of the means of deporting troops from one colony to another is overlooked and neglected. We must all hope that it will be a very long time before there is a call to arms in Australia against a foreign foe. Yet it is impossible to say that the necessity will not arise at an early date; and in view of this possibility careful attention is paid to our coast defences; and if that is essential, it is also essential that hindrances to the speedy transport of men and arms from one colony to another at times of dosp emergency should be re- moved. Mr. Patterson holds therefore that a conference should be held by the various colonies to determine what the gauge for the intercolonial lines shall be, the cost to be equally divided among the colonies on a population basis. This should certainly engage the earnest consideration of the statesmen of the various colonies. A feeling of security against invasion should not be too greatly indulged in. A war, which would give the enemies of Bri- tain an opportunity of making a descent on these colonies either for the purpose of acquir- ing territory or of levying blackmail, may not occur within the time of the present genera- tion; but it may breakout suddenly and unexpectedly at any moment startling us like the crash of an unanticipated thunder clap in the zenith. At such a time regrets that due preparation had not been made for so dire a contin- gency would be unavailing. There is nothing like insurance against the con- sequences of such a calamity. And this is simply what Mr. Patterson counsels. From this subject he went on naturally to speak of the imprudence of neglecting to establish intercolonial relations of an amicable nature and the suicidal folly of pursuing a policy which will lead the colonies into active antagonism. The time will most assuredly come, sooner or later, when the fact of such a policy having bean entertained will be deeply deplored, because the very sugges- tion of it is, as we may see by looking across the Murray, creating bad blood, and when bad blood has once been established between men or nations, some taint of it will still remain long after the originating cause of it has been removed. If that policy — the increase of the stock tax and the border duties — should be carried, we may bid a long farewell to any chance of attaining to friendly terms with our neigh- bors. But it seems to be forgotten by most of those who are now addressing the con- stituencies that the stock tax and the border duties as they stand, without any increase, have actually mads such bad blood between Victoria and New South Wales that it will require some great effort to place them on anything like terms of cordiality. That effort will consist in the abolition of the frontier taxes. Their increase will render friendly relations all but impossible. It is strange that any sensible men should be found to defend the perpetuation of those causes of ill will and estrangement, far less to support their expansion. It is to the policy by which such men are guided that he mischievous spirit of centralisation among ourselves is due. If it is permitted to gain ground there will be no end to pro- vincial disintegration, and we shall become a disunited people, ignoring all common interests, and moved only by selfishly monopolising and ultimately ruinous motives. Surely it behoves the colonists to look beyond the present hoar and its circum- stances, and seriously consider the future. There has been a woful want of prescience in the adoption of differing gauges on the intercolonial railway lines; but the same spirit of improvidence is actuating those who are bent on establishing and fomenting feel- ings of hostility between the colonies by taxation. If they are not checked in their designs, exactly what Mr. Patterson predicts will come to pass, "divided into small republics, warring continually against each other, with neither money at home nor credit abroad, with internecine disturbances, what a striking contrast will the colonies present to the splendid condition in which we live !" Of course it will be said the picture is over- drawn, and unfortunately it is impossible to prove the contrary. But thoughtful men should ponder over the probabilities of such results ensuing from a policy of irritation and isolation. Talk of parties, and the im- practicability of their formation at the pre- sent time — but here, as Mr. Patterson says, is a platform for a national party as opposed to a party of provincialism. Young Aus- tralia should look to it that the latter do not gain the day thus depriving them of their in- heritance of a mighty nation, and leaving them in lieu thereof, for a generation or two or more perhaps, a lot of petty, powerless States constantly distracted by internal dis- sension, and ever at the mercy of such con- siderate invaders as the Russians or the Chinese. It is worth a strong effort to save Australia from such degeneracy and degra- dation. TO DAY'S ISSUE of the ADVERTISER consists of six pages. On the sixth page a quantity of adver-' tisements will be found. HELD OVER.— On account of pressure on our space we are unable to insert Mr. O'Neill's ad- dress at Kangaroo Flat last evening. It will however, appear in Monday's issue. We are also compelled to hold over our weekly instal- ment of "Bendigo Since '51." DISAFFECTION IN THE MILITIA. — For some time past the members of the local militia have been dissatisfied with the position of affairs, and there has been a somewhat strained re- lationship between the Sandhurst and Castle- maine sections of the 4th Battalion, chiefly owing to the head-quarters being at Castle- maine, and to the Sandhurst portion occupying a subordinate position in everything. The dis- satisfaction is raised to a head by orders for the removal of Sergeant-Major Tracey, which the members assert is due to the strained relations referred to. A reporter interviewed the Sergt. Major last night, but, acting according to the service rules, he courteously declined to go into the matter. He simply stated that he was ordered to remove to the second battalion on 25th inst., and it was his duty to obey orders. Among officers and members, however, strong dissatisfaction is expressed, and a monster petition is being pre- pared to ask for cancellation of the order. Sergeant-Major Tracey is very popular indeed, and it is urged that a great blow would be given to the militia if he were removed. The mem- bers have many grievances, especially in having to go to Castlemaine on business which could be done locally, and this is stated to be the cause of the non-advancement in numbers of the Sandhurst detachment. The newly formed non-commissioned officers' club, which has spent a lot of money in furniture, etc., is, it is stated, likely to collapse if the removal is insisted on. Very strong feeling is shown by many members, and there seems a probability of the militia suffering greatly if their grievances are not re- moved. DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT.— We have to record the death of another old respected resi- dent in the person of Mr. George Hunter, who died at his residence, Hargreaves-street, on Thursday. The deceased gentleman was 47 years of age, and arrived in Bendigo about 1862 and at once commenced his trade as a tinsmith in Messrs. T. J. Connelly's establishment, and later at Mr. W. Bradshaw's, Golden-Square. He took a great interest in Hallas' and North- cott's Bands and was one of the principal men in both. His presence in charitable causes will be greatly missed, as he took a great interest in them. The deceased was confined to his bed for six months, and suffered great pain. He leaves a wife and three children to mourn their loss. His funeral will take place to-day at 4 o'clock. Northcott's Band are re- quested by advertisement to meet in plain clothes to follow deceased's remains to the Sandhurst Cemetery. COMMITTED TOR TRIAL.— Two sisters, Mary Curtiss, a married woman, and Margaret Fitz- gerald, a spinster, were charged at the Colling- wood police court yesterday with murdering an illegitimate infant of the prisoner Fitzgerald. Mrs. Curtiss was discharged, but Fitzgerald was committed for trial NEW INSOLVENTS.— Our Melbourne corres- pondent reports :— A. B. Sutherland, agent, of Brunswick, formerly of the Equitable Co-opera- tion Society, filed his schedule yesterday owing to depression in value of real estate, inability of various companies and syndicates to complete their purchases, and pressure of creditors. His assets were L19,494, and his liabilities L13,213 leaving a surplus of L6.281. W. H.G. Elling- worth and G. C. M. Hanstein, printers and stationers, Richmond, Box Hill, and Mel- bourne, filed their schedule to-day. Assets, L17,594 15s. 10d.; liabilities, L15,547 12s 8d., surplus, L2,047 15s. 10d. The causes of their failure were pressure of creditors, inability to collect debts, and losses in busi- ness. SHAKESPERIAN SOCIETY.— The meeting of this society, which was to have been held last even- ing, was adjourned till next Thursday evening, owing to a quorum not being present. The so- ciety for the past few months has nearly died out, on account of the lack of interest displayed by its members. There should be a large at- tendance of members at the next meeting, and an endeavor made to keep the society together. HALF-MAST HIGH.— The Town Hall flag was flying yesterday and previous day in recogni- tion of the death of Sir William Stawell, Lieut. Governor of Victoria. DEATH OF AN OLD BENDIGONIAN.— Last week Mrs. Wheeler, who will doubtless be remem- bered by many old Bendigonians, died at Alexandra. Mrs. Wheeler arrived on Bendigo in 1853, and at various times kept the Free- masons' Hotel (now the Court House), Prince of Wales' Hotel, White Hills Hotel, and Star and Garter, Eaglehawk. Mrs. Wheeler left Sandhurst in 1875, building and being landlady of the Phœnix Hotel, Echuca. Subsequently she went to Alexandra and died, as above stated, last week at the age of 54 years. MINING ACCIDENT.— At about 9.30 o'clock yesterday morning an accident occurred at the Garden Gully United mine. Two miners William Andrew and John Kinsman — were working down some ground in the No. 1 shaft at the 340 feet level, when a large piece, weigh- ing 2 or 3 cwt., fell and lodged on Andrews', left leg, breaking it below the knee. Dr. Hinchcliff was sent for, and attended to the injured man. Mr. Grainger made his usual inspection. Kinsman escaped uninjured. VISIT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF THE NORTHERN TERRITORY.— The Commissioner of the Northern Territory, Mr. J. G. Knight, has just been paying Sandhurst a visit, the object more particularly being to examine the exten- sive works of Messrs. Edwards and Co. for the reduction of refractory ores, and treating them both by the amalgamating process, and that of more recent introduction, the extraction of gold by chlorination. Mr. Deeble very kindly showed the visitor over the works, and ex- plained every portion of the processes. Pyrites are received at these works from all parts of Australia, and it is more than probable upon Mr. Knight's return' to the territory and ex- plaining the nature and extent of these works ores will be shipped to this city for treatment. BENDIGO UNITED. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' DIS- PENSARY.— A special meeting of the aboveboard was held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Mundy-street, last evening for the purpose of electing a senior medical officer in place of Dr. James Eadie, jun., who is removing to Melbourne. There were about 70 delegates present representing the various lodges. Mr. R. Johnson (president) oc- cupied the chair. There were 22 applications for the position, and it was decided to reduce the number of applicants to 10, with the following result Drs. Deravin, J. Mclntyre Eadie, S. Dobbin C. H. Hill, J. Johnston, C. P. Moreton, J. Mac- Naughton, F. Wilson, R. Wright, W. Howard. The number was then reduced to five, leav- ing Drs. Deravin, Eadie, Dobbin, Hill and Johnston in. It was then decided to reduce them to two, viz., Dr. Deravin and Dr. Eadie. The final ballot was then taken between Drs. Deravin anil Eadie, and resulted in Dr. J. Mclntyre Eadie being elected by 42 votes to Dr. Deravin's 27. Dr. Eadie is the second son of Dr.James Eadie, sen., of View Point, and ob- tained his medical education in the Edinburgh Univeraity. He had several testimonials from a number of Edinburgh gentlemen, who spoke highly of Dr. Eadie's abilities. The meeting then closed with a vote of thanks to the chair and to the scrutineers, Messrs. J. H. Curnow and Houston. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.— A woman named Bridget Morrissey, aged 50 years, died in the Bendigo Hospital yesterday from cancer. She was admitted on the 20th September, 1888. THE A. N. A. CONFERENCE.— On Thursday next the annual conference of the Australian Natives' Association will commence at the Tem- perance Hall. Delegates from the whole of the branches of the association, to the number of 120, will be present from various parts of the colonies. In the evening a grand banquet in honor of the occasion will be held at the Town Hall, at which the whole of the visiting delegates will be present and a large number of distinguished visitors, including the hon. D. Gillies, the hon. A. Deakin and the members of Parliament for the district. It is announced by advertisement that a limited number of tickets will be issued to the public, which may be obtained from any of the officers and committee, and also at Robshaw's, Smith's, and Hanstein's. CITY POLICE COURT.— The presiding magis- trates at this court yesterday were Messrs. R. F. Howard and Wm. Davis. One drunkard was discharged; another, Emma Roberts, was fined 5s., and a third, John Stanley was fined 5s., and for using abusive language to J. F. Cartwright was fined 15s., in default one week in gaol. Margaret Robinson, arrested for vagrancy, was discharged with the view of getting her into the hospital. Annie Davis, for habitual drunkenness, was sent to gaol for six months. Several small debt cases were dis- posed of'and the court adjourned. WESLEYAN CHURCH, HUNTLY.— A concert was given by the choir in the above church assisted by Mr. Turnbull, of Bagshot, on Wed- nesday evening last. The building was pretty well filled, and everyone seemed to enjoy them- selves. Mr. Sanderson took the chair, and, after offering a brief prayer, a very enjoyable even- ing's amusement was presented. Miss Wester- man resided at the organ, and gave general satisfaction. THE SANDHURST MUTUAL PERMANENT INVEST- MENT AND BUILDING SOCIETY V. W. F. GISSING. — This was an action to eject the defendant from an allotment of land in Bakewell-street. It was heard before His Honor Judge Chomley at the last sitting of the County Court, when judg- ment was reserved on several important ques- tions of law raised by council for the defendant. The circumstances of the case were somewhat peculiar, and are doubtless within the recollec- lection of our readers. It will be seen that the suit has resulted in defendant's favor, the fol- lowing being a copy of His Honor's judgment. "At he time of the transfer by Esler to the plaintiffs and up to the time of this action, de- fendant was in possession of the land in ques- tion under a contract of purchase from Esler. Section 49 of the Transfer of Land Statute pro- vides that the land which shall be included in any certificate of title shall be deemed to be subject where the possession is not adverse to the interest of any tenant of the land. This has been held to include the interest of a person who is in possession of the land as having pur- chased it and not obtained a transfer — per Molesworth J. Robertson v. Keith 1 V. R (Eq.) 11, Cunningham v. Gundry, 2 V.L.R. (Eq.) 177. In accordance with these de- cisions I give judgement for the defendant, costs to be taxed." Mr. Helm, instructed by Messrs. Crabbe, Cohn and Kirby, were for the plaintiffs; and Dr. Quick, instructed by Messrs. Connelly and Tatchell for the defen- dant. WILD FOWL SHOOTING.— At the Boort police court on Thursday, before Major Bartrop, P.M., an order was made for the forfeiture of two large duck guns that had been seized by the police last month as not being within the re- quirements of the act. One of the guns, a breechloader, a prize at the Centennial Exhibition, and was offered for sale as being within the meaning of the act. It is a No. 4 bore and weighs 46 lb. The muzzleloader weighed 22½ lb., and is of the same calibre. MR T. BENT SUED FOR L150,000.— The action to recover L150,000 for breach of agreement to purchase brought by the City of Adelaide Land and Investment Company against Mr. Thomas Bent, of Melbourne, was continued on Thurs- day. The main issue for the defence was that the lease of one of the blocks of land included in the agreement — namely, lot 44, at North Adelaide — was not a valid and subsisting lease by reason of breaches of a covenant by the plain tiffs. The counsel for the company contended that even admitting that the lease was not valid it did not entitle the defendant to cancel the whole agreement. Yesterday the defendant's counsel applied to amend the pleadings of the defence in order that other points might be raised in respect to lot 44. His Honor refused to allow the pleadings to be amended, and the case was further adjourned. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, WADE- STREET.— The Sabbath school anniversary will take place to-morrow, when the Rev. R. Oates will preach in the morning at eleven, the Rev. W. C. Tayler in the afternoon at three, and the Rev T. L. Jones at 6.30. Recitation and dia- logues will be given at each service, and special hymns will be sung by the children. A NARROW ESCAPE.— A sensational accident happened in Bridge-street on Thursday evening (says the "Star") about eight o'clock. A young lady, who is a visitor to Ballarat, and is staying at the residence of Mr, Hughes, fancy goods warehouseman, Bridge-street, was in the act of stepping from the upstairs premises on to the verandah, when the skylight gave way, and she fell through the glass on to the footpath beneath, a distance of about 20 feet. A large number of persons were about the street at the time, and the incident caused a large crowd to gather. The young lady, who partially fell on a small boy, was carried, in an unconscious state, into her residence, and it was found that so far as was apparent she had sustained nothing worse than a number of severe bruises and a shaking, though her escape was without doubt a most miraculous one. The boy, who was affected by the accident, also sustained a few bruises, but was otherwise none the worse for his experience. DEATH OF A CATHOLIC PRIEST.— The Rev. Father Griffin, member of the Order of the Holy Ghost who was recently introduced into this colony by Bishop Moore, died of consump- tion at the Maryborough Catholic presbytery on Thursday night, after a lingering illness. Since his arrival in the colony his condition had gradually became worse. He was only 29 years of age, and was a relative of the Irish poet Gerald Griffin. INFANT TWINS KILLED BY CHLORODYNE.— A most peculiar case of poisoning is (says a Syd- ney telegram in the "Age") reported from Dungog. During Wednesday night Mrs. Bur- gess took a dose or chlorodyne and then suckled her infant twins. In the morning they showed signs of narcotic poisoning, and died during the day. Medical evidence showed death resulted from the effects of chlorodyne, but no blame was attached to the mother. THE WORLD CIRCUS.— Another circus is to visit Sandhurst next week in the shape of the World Circus and Royal London Equescurricu- lum, playing for a short season. The agent Mr. S B.. Reilly, who is at present ia this city, has made application for the Reserve for the season. Further particulars may be seen in our adver- tising columns. BACHELORS' QUADRILLE ASSEMBLY.— On Thursday evening last the above held their annual meeting at the Crown Hotel. There was a very large, attendance, Mr. W. Riley was elected chairman. The late secretary, Mr. T. Orr, submitted the report and balance-sheet which showed the receipts as near £200 and ex- penditure within £20 of that amount, and a credit of £19 53. 10d., which was expended in donations and presentations, to the hospital £10 and the balance in lockets, etc., to the secretary, treasurer and M.C. Mr. A. Allsop was elected hon. sec. for the coming year; Mr. R Matehett treasurer; Mr. J. Williams, M.C., and the fol- lowing as the committee — Messrs Mackay Heine, W. Wood, W. Bruce, O. Westphalia, A. Grant, H. Bradley, W. Campbell and T. Grellis. On Tuesday evening, the 9th April, the opening will take place in the Masonic Hall. Another series commences on Easter Tuesday evening the 23rd April, for which night the Town Hall has been engaged in consequence of the bazaar at the Masonic. On every Tuesday fortnight commencing April the 30th, the as- sembly will be held at the Masonic Hall until the 17th September. This assembly was the first to introduce the bal masque in this city and its efforts were crowned with great success. The coming season bids fair to be more success- ful than its predecessors, both financially and in point of numbers. Monaghans band as usual will supply the music. THE HOME RULE MOVEMENT.— Sir John Esmonde, M. P. (Dublin County South) and Mr J. Deasey, M. P. (Mayo West), who, with Mr John Dillon, M P., will shortly open a political campaign in Australia with a view of influencing public opinion and obtaining funds in support of the agitation which is being so vigorously conducted by the Parnell party for Home Rule for Ireland, are now in the colonies. Sir John Esmonde is in Tasmania, and Mr. Deasey in Sydney, where on Wednesday he was welcomed by the mapor. (sic) They do not intend to take any action in furtherance of the object of their visit until the arrival of Mr. Dillon, who is expected about the middle of April. A series of public meetings will afterwards be arranged in the principal centres of population. A WATER VELOCIPEDE.— A new means of water propulsion, which may be described as a water velocipede, was (says the " S. A. Adver- tiser.") on Tuesday afternoon subjected to a variety of tests on the Torrens Lake. The designers and builders, Messrs. Knapton Bros., contemplate the construction ot some ten of these machines for the use of pleasure seekers on the Torrens Lake. The idea, it may be stated, is not a new one to Adelaide, a water cycle built on a somewhat similar plan having been launched on the lake some time ago. The foundation upon which the superstructure rests is two cigar shaped cylinders, each com- posed of four watertight compartments, and a watertight "nose" at each end; the whole measuring some 15 feet 6 inches in length. On these are laid a platform of wood and connecting rods to bind the whole together. Rising above the platform is the seat on which sits the single occupant of the water boat; while beneath him revolve the pedals attached to the cranks which drive the attached paddles. This mechanism is very simple, being on the same lines as the driving gear of the primitive tricycle. The paddles, which afford the only means of propulsion, pro- ject of course on either side, the breadth of beam being a trifle over 5 feet. The total weight is 2 cwt. with a carrying capacity of 11 cwt. The water cycle is capable of being turned in twice its own length. A speed of 5 to 6 miles per hour is attainable . Some little alteration will have to bet effected, in the machine before it is licensed, as, although only intended to carry one passenger, it is somewhat "cranky" in the water at present, and will require ballasting, and would be all the safer if the seat were lowered. WHY DID HE NOT COME IN FIRST.— " Aulus" in the "Australasian " writes:— There has been no crueller and more effective trick to cause a certain winner to lose a race since the time when Milanion so unfairly beat Atalanta, than that played on a poor Scotchman the other day at the athletic sports held at a certain Western district township. There was an "old buffers' race," and a wiry old Caledonian was favorite. But he did not win. The committee meanly made the first prize a bag of flour, and the second a bottle of whisky. he Scotchman came in second. A RAILWAY RACING DOG.— Mr. Jas. Griffin, of Connecticut, owns, according to the New York "Sun," a small terrier. Every evening during the past summer when the 6.45 train from the west blew its whistle a few rods from the Main-street crossing, the dog would bound out of the house near by, and take the track ahead of the train for the station half-a-mile away. The train crosses Main- street at the rate of 15 miles, an hour, and between the cross- ing and the station is a trestle bridge about 300 feet long. Over this the dogs flies, always keeping just so far ahead of the train, slacken- ing his speed as the air brakes are ap- plied, and coming into the station at the same distance ahead of the train as he took when he started. Once or twice the engineer has put on steam to try and overtake the dog, but he has not yet succeeded in doing it. The dog never looks back, never barks, and never pays any attention to the calls of his master. When he reaches the station he looks up at the engineer, gives two or three short yelps, and quietly trots home up the track. This performance is re- peated with unfailing regularity, and if an effort is made to keep him in the house at train time he shows his displeasure, as dogs are wont to do, by raising an unearthly yelping. A FIRE SUBDUED BY WINE.— A Rhineland newspaper chronicles a use of wine which would find favour with Sir Wilfrid Lawson. Wine has doubtless been the cause of many a con- flagration; but the employment of it to ex- tinguish a fire is something of a novelty. The case occurred a few days before Christmas at the baths of Kreuznach, whioli is scarcely less indebted to its wines than to its renowned waters for its prosperity. A fire broke out in one of the inns and laid hold of a building in which 52 butts of wine were stored. As there was no possibility of saving the wine, the wooden vessels having already caught fire, and the liquor pouring out- in streams, the firemen thought it might as well be utilised. A ditch was dug in the neighbour- ing garden, and was quickly filled with wine to the brim. The firemen put their hose to the noble liquid and disgorged it upon the flames. It seems to have done its work excellently; but the fumes of the heated wine was so intensely powerful that the firemen could scarcely endure them, and came to the conclusion of the Greek sage and the Radical baronet, that "water is best." DIPTHERIA.— A Paris correspondent writes : — In France, 70 per cent, of the new born die from diphtheria. It will be glad tidings of great joy to mothers to know that two assistants in the Pasteur Institute have discovered the microbe which causes that terrible malady, and by the "culture" process, have been able to pro- duce croup and diphtheria in guinea pigs, pigeons and rabbits, and controlling the develop- ment of the disease. Furthermore, they have succeeded for the first time, in the history of bascilli discoveries, to isolate even the poisonous or contagious principle of the death-dealing microbe itself. Perhaps in time, scientists may be able to discover what Miss Francis Cobbe asserts exists, the microbe impelling to murder, theft and adultery. When we can vaccinate against violations of the Decalogue, the reign of the Millennium must be nigh. In our special column attention is directed to the last two weeks of the great dissolution sale of the stock of the late Wm. Hill and Son, Pall Mall. Gentlemen are invited by the West End Tailor- ing Company to inspect their special display of woollens and outfits, to be made this evening in their window and premises at Mitchell-street. A sale by auction, of horse, buggy, harness and waggon will be held at Renwick's yards, Wills- Street, to-day, at 10 o'clock. H. M. Marks and Co., are the auctioneers. 