A Tale of the Cormmane. CHAPTER XX-(Continued). It seemed to be his fate to listen at doors that night, but this time he was not as well paid for his trouble as at the rendezvous of the leading spirits of the ' Moon with. the. Teeth,!.for though he strained his ears to the uttermost not a sound could he detect on the.other side of the door against which.he was leaning. But to his intense dismay, he: heard a loud rapping at the garden gate, and Frapillon's heart sunk like lead; but to his great.surpriso and unspeak able relief this ominous sound soon ceased, and was followed by no other disturbance. Pilevert evidently had shown the good sense not to respond to this peremptory summons, and as it was not repeated, Frapillon began to think that some mischievous or Spartially intoxicate.d passer-by had knocked merely: for the fun of the thing, as rollicking collegians amuse themselves by pulling door-bells. As no sound proceeded from ,the chamber, Frapillon finally .summoned up courage to apply his eye to the Skey-hole. He saw a larp'of antique orin upon a table sti'ewn with papers. and bottles of different sizes, :but the door being near a corner of the room, Sthe rest of the .aparnment was not The' tnbrokenl silence that' still reigned, however, at last begah to c onvince him that the room was not occupied. He even began to believe that the light must have been burning ever since the evening before, thanks to some paculiarity in its construction.. SFrapillon straightened himself up and reflected a moment, and the re sult of this deliberation was a firm resolve to fathom the mystery then and there; but as he was about to place his hand on the linoti, the door was slowly ocened. Frpillon recoiled with such celerity that the door met with no resistance, and as it opened it e"ntirely concealed the spy' who was crouching in a corner of thoe passage. 'In spite of his courage and presence of mind, the next moment was one of frightful anxiety. The door that turned so noiselessly Supon its .hinges had certainly been pushed open by the mysterious in mate of the chamber, and whoever he might be, his appearance 'upon the scene. of action .was by no means re .assuring. The diplomatist of the Rue Cadet had no fondness for physical combats, and though he had .a revolver in his pocket, he bitterly regretted his fai ful Pilevert's absence. He even thought of whistling for him, but if there was to be a struggle, it would evidontly be over before the arrival of any re-enforcements So he remained perfectly quiet and motionless, and he certainly nad no reason to repent of his prudence, for the protecting door moved no further. rThe person who had' opened 'it neglected to close it, and Frapillon continued to enjoy the advantages of his position, for his hiding-place seir ed both as a fortress and an observato y, ,:as through the space left between : e door and the will he could see that.was passing in the'corridor. It was not very dark in.the passage, on account of the light .that shone from the interior of the chamber, bit the lamp.was so placedthat the light did.extend far beyond Ithe threshold. The man that had emerged from the room was tall and rather solidly 'bdilt, so far as his costume enabled one to judge, for he wore a long whitoe woollen garment that .enveloped him from head to foot, with a hood that was drawn over his eyes. His back •was turned toward Frapillon as .he walked slowly down the corridor, and he must have had on cloth slippers, for no footfall was audible as he glided over the floor. Indeed, a plierson who was superstitiously inclined would have felt sure that this strange person age was a ghost; but when one has been a broker for fifteen years 'one ceases to believe in the' return of the 'inhabitants of the celestial world, and Frapillon felt perfectly well satisfied that he had to deal with a creature of pliin 'flesh and blood. As the mysterious personage had now reached the further' end of the corridor and was slowly descending the stairs, Frapillon felt strongly in cliifed' to take immediate' advantage of this opportunity to explore the sanc tuary in which the secrets of the family were doubtless concealed,. But tempting as the opportunity was, it was not unattended with danger, for the midnight promenader.might. ro. turh abt any moment and discover the intruder; so being a prudent man, ]P'rapillon decided not to risk it, but -contented himself with a rapid survey of the room from the open doprivway. To his great surprise, he saw nothing extraordinary about the apartment; 'the table'he had seen through the key-hole, a vacant arm-chair, the end of a long curtain that must' have con eealed a bod-these were 'the sol contents of the room. .,' The secret is the man in white, concluded Frapillon, shrewdly. Making his way cautiously through the 'corridor, and then down the stair case, he again reached the lower hall where, to his very great relief, he Sfound everything exactly as he had left it, so in all probability the inmate of the cottage had merely passed through it on his way to the room formerly occupied by Regina. Frapillon instantly decided upon his course. Softly opening the outside door, he slipped out, rushed down the steps and ran with all his might to. ward the place where he had left Pilevert. He . found that worthy, leaning against the wall, blowing his fingers. Greit Jupiter, I'm glad to see you back !! he exclaimed. 'My nose is nearly frozen, and there isn't a parti _le of feeling in my fingers.' 'I'll give you some work to warm you up, my brave follow. I jitst dis covered a thief ?up there at the house, and as he did'nt see me, I think, between us, we shallhave no difficulty in capturing him.' w' 'I'myour man. Lead the' way'.' exclaimed the acrobat, enthusiastically. ' Be quiet, Pilevert, be quiet! Did you hear no noise in the street, while you wore on guard here ?' ' O, yes, but nothing of any conse qluence. Some fellows pounded on the gate, just for fun, as they passed, that's all.' 'Come with me, then,i replied Frapillon, starting toward the cottage, 'and I'll explain' what I want you to do for me as we go along.' Pilevert followed him obediently, but they hadn't gone ten steps before they both' 'turned to look back,. for both had heard a slight creaking sound behind them-a sound strongly resembling a cautious footstep. 'Frhpillon, satisfied that no one couild open the' gate leading into the 2street, thought at first he must be mis taken, but soon he distinctly heard footsteps on the frozen ground. .' Somebody's coming!' whispered the acrobat. SImpossible !' faltered his astonished and nov# thoroughly frightened com panion. 'I'm sure of it. Hark ! they have stopped; they must have seen us.' 2What Pilevert said was perfectly true, and Frapillon could no longer blind himself to the fact that some one was indeed in the garden. It .certainly could not be the mysterious personage he had left in the cottage, but who else could have entered the garden, and in what way had he succeeded in doing it, for the existence of the secret spring could be known only to the inmates of the cot tage and their particular friends. ' What if that fool of a Molinchard has allowed the women to escape?' thought Frapillon. ' Let us go and see who it is!' said the acrobat. ' You go first, and wring, the neck of the very first person you meet.' ldaster Aritoine was in an exceed ingly valiant mood that evening-the magnificent promises niade to him having excited him to such a degree that he could realise the existence of no serious obstacles, so he' dashed down the walk, swinging his arms like an athlete who is preparing himiself for a desperate struggle. The ever-cautious Frapillon, pistol in hand, brought up the rear. The path was very dark bn account of the thick roof formed by the branches, but where it began about three or four yards from the little gate, there was a vacant space where every object was distinctly visible. 'They must have concealed them selves behind that clump of shubbery, for I see no one,' remarked Pilevert; but he nevertheless hastened on a little in advance of his patron. Just as he reached the last linden, a man suddenly appeared beiore him, and Pile.vert, feeling it his duty to faithfully carry out the instructions he had received, sprung forward and clutched the new.comer savagely by theothroat. 'Wretch!' cried the stranger, swaying to and fro like a reed in the powerful grasp of the former acrobat. Frapillon hastened up to encourage his subordinate with voice and ges ture, and the affair seemed likely to terminate in a murder, when the sudden appearance of another party upon the scene of action changed the aspect of affaire completely. A woman had suddenly rushed out from behind the clump of shrubbery, and darted toward the combatants, where, by clinging to Pilevert's clothing, she succeeded in raising her self until her face was close to his. The acrobat uttered a cry, and instantly released his opponent, who drew back and assumed an attitude of defence. ' Regina !' repeated Antoine. 'Re gina !- canit be this is you? ' The formidable antagonist of a moment before was now trembling like a child. It is difficult to say whether the feeling he experienced was one of joy or fear, for first he sprung forward with open arms as if to piess the girl to his heart, and the next moment he recoiled, as if con froited by. a spectre. It was very different with Frapillon. The name uttered by his satellite had thrown him into a furious paision. He could not iunderstand this return of one he had supposed safely out of his way for over, but he wanted to end the affair before Pilevert had time for reflection. ' 'Kill him! kill him ! my brave fellow ! ' he. cried, ' kill him, while I attend to this hussy !' As he spoke, he rushed toward Regina, pistol in hand. -.:No, no, patron.. I won't have my little deaf-and.dumb girl harmed!' cried Pilevert, giving him a blow on the arm that dashed the revolver to the ground. And before Frapillon recovered from hbis astonishment, the stranger had picked up the weapon and levelled it a' the broker's breast, and the acrobat made no attempt to prevent this aggressive movement on the part of his late adversary. He seemed to have become petrified. It was evident that Regina had conquered him, but to complete her victory, she threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him affectionately, and Antoine lifted her high in the air, heaving a sigh of mingled joy and relief the while. He looked very much like a bear playing with a bird. 'Thero's not the slightest doubt of it ! ' he exclaimed, as he replaced her on the ground. '"It is my little Regina! Nothing is .wanting but Bradamante now !' (To be continued.) 