; WANDERINGS IN A8IA. t . By Jamim CAarrnsui. FBOil SHANOItil TO TUNO-CHOW. . X v/cut oji board tho steamer AYuchang at 11 o'clock ut night, as sho was supposed to leave Slianghul for TicnUIn very early the following morning.' It was a night of sweet reflection. The mtilo mid clatter of a steam winch loading cargo, the thudi of tlio cargo itself u it was uroppctl on tno deck, mid tho peculiar cries of tho coolies — for without somo curious eltig-Rong no Asiatic seems to l>y ablo to work— made a vory Bedlam of slcon-murdcring nolfwv. In the morning wo steamed down tho Woosung Kiver, ontorcd the hroad oMuarv of tlio Yang-t«c JChuig, uud wore fooii in tho bluo ocenn north- wardo hound. Thcro .are some parts of this coust still «o Ravage ormiti-foreigu that it would ! 1k> death to ehlp. wrecked marinerH to bo cast 'liKfit thorn. The tollowing dav wo aiTivcd at Chofoo, tho favonrito watoriug- placo in China forBurommim. It is .tho inonf. olinrimnrf r/cmt town of uny I saw, with some boiil . prelnpieoi ou tho other sidoof tho bay, nnd numbers, of very striking islands standing off somo distance from tho mainland. In tho afternoon we rounded n precipitous capo, and wero in, tho Gulf of Pe-chi-1i, or Poe'choa-lco. Up to this time wo had inula fair wcathor pttssago, but during, tlio evening a cliango tookplaco, andbotwoon D und 1 1 o'clock we had wlmt C may torui a storm squall. Tho wind. suddenly roso into u. gule, tho water camo. tumbling over tho forepart of tho steamer until at lcugth I thought wo woro about to expori? once it typhoon. About 1 1 . o'clock the tumult ceased n3 suddenly us it had begun, and in a short tirao wo wero in comparatively, smooth wator again. Tho early morning saw us off tho Takubar. : . Then I had a now .experience. In all>iny stcatnor-travelliug up to that tiino— I had been accustomed to got into somo harbour, . or ruu alongside boiiio pior, to discharge cither pas. BOtigers or cargo, but on thin, occasion tho steamer dropped anchor, aud proceeded to tut. load about half her cargo into barges, rolling and tumbling about meanwhile, in order to so lighten herdolf as to bo ablo to got ovor tho bar. In about eight hours wo were ready, and tho Wuchang went ahead. In a minute or two thoro camo tho curious grating sound which proclaimed wo woro ou tlio sand, and tho vessel seemed to eliivor as sho ploughed through it. Bomotiracswo almost stopneu, and thou was groat excitcmont on board, lor that might mean our lying on tho bar for twenty-four hours; but lie mighty power of steam was not to bo domed, and slowly but surely wo pushed our way ahead until it almost appeared as if with a leap our steamer surmounted tho last ridgo of sand, and wo worointhofreowaterof tho PcMio Kiver. Tho greater part of tho gulf of I'o-chi-li is extremely shallow toward tho .shore, and slopes bo goutly that ns tlio captaiu stated it, 44 You might put on a full head of steam, lot ovorv man go to sloop, and tho vessol would run on snoro so gradually that noiio of them would bo awakened by it." Perhaps there's a Uttlo trifle of imagination in that statement, but tho real moaniug of it is that running ashore would mean no dangor, oxcopt in a storm. Onco ou tho Pci-ho a low minutes brought us opposite tho famous Taku Forts. Theso aro said to be irn mensoly strong now, but tho impression loft on my mind was that thoy aro still very Chiuoso. Novortholesa, I tako it tho days of lronch and British fleets sailing up tho Pciho to laud troops for tho attack of Pekiu uro past aud gone. Tlio bur fit tlifi fliitmiifft will fitnii tbft irmmludH. nnd modern mines and torpedoes will effectually provout another naval promenade to Tientsin. At first tlio Pci-ho is hroad nnd tolerably straight, but it would bo impossihlo to convoy to tho mind of tho roador tho cliaractor of tho stream as we progressed onwards. To say it was twisted or tortuous is to use language convoying no ndequate idea of tho extraordinary contortions of tho extraordinary Pei«ho. What tlioso indiarubbcr gontlcraeii who tio themselves into all sorts of amazing knots aro among performers is this sinuous, snalcv stream among rivers. Thcro uro also manifold suudbanks and spits to ba avoided, and Buddcn currents to be wrestled with, so that nearly every tirao a steamer goes up or down she either slices off a bit of ouo of the villages which crowd on tho banks, and has to pay damages, or runs on a sandbank and lies thoro, occasionally a couplo of days at a timo, lashing and churning with her scrow until sho wripglcs off somehow. Now aud then a junk is cut down aud has to bo paid for, so that it can easily bo understood with what feelings tho average - captain regards - tho Peiho. Tho ' troubles of tuo soft-spoken navigators, however, camo 10 an cnu, ana at msc wo rcacucu xient- flin— ono of tho dreariest places, I should iraagino, in tho Chincso empire. Flat, unin teresting— -tho European part tamo nnd common- placo, tho Chincso part unusually dirty and squalid — it is ono of tho last places in China I would desire to livo in. Yet— -so wonderfully is , this world full of compensations — thoy told mo Tiontsm is ono of tho liveliest places in tlio north of China for 44 society,' 1 especially during tho winter months. I nopo it i'b so, and that tho good people thoro aro not deluding thcmsolvcs or thoir visitors. Thoy dosorvo many joys to mnko up for their most unpictur- csquo and dreary town About a fortnight boforo I arrived thoro had been great excitement among tho Chincso on account of somo ridiculous story being circu lated about tho French missionaries having kid napped a child, and it was feared for a timo that thoro was a possibility of a rcnowal of the rioting which tooK place a fow years ago when tho Catholic Cathedral was destroyed and a number of priests und nuns murdorcd— an episode still known as tlio Tientsin massaoro. There was a vory uncoinfortablo fooling existing in tho minds of tho Europeans, and it is astonishing how quickly the contagion of this sonu-panic can spread. AU fears proved to bo froundless, but they were entirely natural, bo ruins of tho Catholic cathodral stand at tho end of tho town— -a grim memorial of tho past uud a frowning remitidor for tho future. The puvpiu WilU XiUVU ilVUU MA bUWDU pUAAD 1U1 yUlllD got to bo both careless and callous about thoso alarms, und in a senso to loso thou- sansa of duo proportion as to dangor. Tho now arrival, ou tho othor hand, may think far too much of rumours aud oxcitomcnts, until, uftor a while, ho also gets coso- lmrdoued. It is woll that it is so, for otherwise lifo would bo iutolorablo. Tientsin is proud, or should ho, in tho pos session of ouo of tho ablest edited journals in China, tho Chinese Times, It is a small paper, but of groat -literary morit, and performs tho voiy usoful function, among othor things, of translating tlio coutonts of tho Pokiu official journal iu which aro published tho ordinances und State papers of tlio Govcrnmont. I road with tho greatest iutorest tho momorial of Li-Huug-Cuuiig, iu which lie sot forth tho reasons why tho railway from Taku to Pokiu ought to ho constructed. Many wero given, but tho chiof ono was tho necessity of a railway in case of war. Six months later on, I mot a young English engineer going out to tako part m tho construction of tho lino, and tho works woro actuully. commenced. Sinco then I saw tho works liud been stopped, uud I havo not soon yot whethor they woro recommenced. Bat it matters little whether thoy havo boon stopped bocauso of tlio triumph of tho anti-foreign party, or from want of funds, or in defcrouco to popular fcolings or superstitions. China cannot , hold back, .uud will t>e pURlicd on|f RiioaloCHliot willingly walk uii, -in thi ways of modern progress. ' It Is curious to Tcfiect upon, but the chiof. obstacle to railways iu Okinu at present iu tliofoolingofprofoundrovcrcucoforthonncostrnl graves. It holps mo a little to understand tbo Ckinainan'B frumo of mind on tliissubjoct whou I remember my own horror somo years ago at souing ouo of tbo English railways running right through a churchyard. It up. pcarcd to mo a frightful desecration, and with mo it was a moro sentiment, How much stronger must it bo to tho Chineso mind when it is not only a matter of sentiment but a matter of roliuion. Tho avcrauo Chinaman reuurds tlio desecration of the gravcB of tlio doad as something horrihlo in itsolf , nnd (which ma' ha even a strongor feeling) us certain to lot looso tho ghosts of tlio disturbed dead, who will wrauk vengcauco upon liim. But I fancy modern idoos have made great way among tho en lightened men ut Pokin. Many of thorn liavo truvoilcd in Europo, aud liilvo tasted tlio joys of first-class carriages, so that it will ho sur prising if tlioy cannot find somo ingenious tlioory to oxiilaiu away tlio gliOBt difficulty. Evun such artless, high- minded, and Christian people as wo aro liavo occasionally to hold a canillo to liis Satanic majesty, aud it will ho wonderful indeoil if tho wily nnd heathen Clause docs not hotter our oxiuuplo whan necessity compels. Tlio introduction of tho telegraph was resisted at first on account of its supposod iuter/orunco witli tho Fung-sliui— that singular superstition to whioh I rot'orrcd iu a previous paper— and whon I was iu Pekiu no wa caino that tlio inhuhilants of a portion of tho country about 700 miles south-west of Pokiu liud opposed the making of tlio Hue uud torn down tlio poles. The Cluueso Government sent troops into tlio district, and argued tho question in thut convincing fashion. Official opposition to tho tclagrapli lias practically ceased, uud thero aro now 3, USD miles of lino throughout China, connecting tlio grout cities with Pokin and tho count. Wlittt makes tlio opposition to tho railway from Tientsin to Pokin moro remark- ablo is that thero already is a small lino from Potang vid Taku to' Tiontsin, altogether about eiglity-six miles. Tlio gravo difficulty inuBt havo boon ovorcome in- tliis lino, for all North China resembles a great gravo-yard, and it will bo only a matter of time till the ' somo difficul ties arc ovcreomo, not only in getting to Pekin, hat in all tho groat provinces of the empire.. China will then, with milways, steamers, and tho telograph, havo fnirly taken possession of tho material benefits of western civilisation and grafted tlicm on to her own form of civilisation. Will, tho result ho bo gloriously beneficial ns wo Europeans placidly assume ? Tho Chinese Go. vcrnmout will bo stronger thon to put down rcliollions than ovor it lias been, for it will lio ahio to send troops swiftly to uny point of disturbance. It will bo ablo to copo with famino hotter, und ho koap moro Chinamen alive. Tho t«Bfc of colonisation will become cosier in tho npnrscly-peoplcd parts of tlio umpire, and so tho vast numhor3 of the presont will >10 tuldcd to. If it is noodod to move troops quickly to tlio soahourd to defend tlio country | ngninst tho invading, lleets of Europe, that can then ba quickly done. In q word, railways will make China immensely .powerful for defence, will thicken lior alrieuiy dense population, olid inako, her' much moro. of a .iuuuaco to.othor . nations than she is now. , ' ' .Early mia- Monday morning I loft Tientsin for Pokin. Tho distanco by road is eighty- eight laiics, and by the Poi-ho River and Tang-, chow ldll miles. Thero uro throe ways of travelling ! — on- liorsoback, by ' which tlio . distanco can ho covered iu a couplo of daysptliougli some claim to havo dono it iu ouo davi; by curt taking two days/ aud by water said to tako two and a half or three duvs. I liko urido occasionally, not too fur, nnd not too hard.. I dismissed, thereloro, all thoughts of riding, nnd a inero glance nt tlio springless carte was sufficiently convincing to sottlo tlmt question. I arranged for tlio Custom liouso- , boat, : and duly .started, ..having with mo a Chincso " hoy " as guido, interpreter, nnd cook. "Boy" is tho gouoric term ull ovor tho : East for a servant, nnd its ab surdity may ho scon in tho fact that my lioy in India was nearly old enough to ho my . futhor, and tliis boy now uccompaiiying mo to Pekin stood over Gft., and was without oxcoption tlio finost specimen of Chinese manhood 1 over put my eyes upon. His virtues, howcvor, ended with his pliysiquo, but I will riot pour out ray grievances, as I regard details uhout guides us very small bcor to chronicle. Mush us I had Ixicn impressed with tho river lioats and junks of other parts of China, all I had soon boforo seemed trivial, us compared with tho vast aggregation of juukB at Tiontsin. Tho junks from tho south, bringing tho rico tribute, woro up ill largo numbors, unci tlio result was a most rcmarkahlo spectacle. For a distanco, I should suppose, of hotweeu two aud throo miles tlio rivor was litornlly covored with junks, with only a narrow passago lietwccn. In tho dis tanco tho long, twisting line of masts gavo a vory singular effect. .Wo poled and towed our way past the junks by slow degrees, nnd I admired tho skill the raou showed in getting their tow-line uwny from all sorts of obstacles. Tlio junks woro lying Bomotim'cs six dcop from tlio hank on the ono sido and twolvo dean on the othor. Evory kind aud samplo of junk was to ho soon; square-stemmed, high- poopod, low-ljollied , ono must. Jive masts— queer- shaped naval monstrosities, in a word, of overy sort and condition. About midday wo got beyond tlio junks, and were in tho oppn waters of tlio river. It was a notublo experience, hut I was destined to another nlmost equally notable. Tho wind had been gottin" up, hut in tlio abetter of tlio junks wo had not felt it. Now that wo got out moro into tlio open, wo discovered a wholo cralo of wind was blowing. It grow stronger and stronger until it broke onr tow-lines, and no further progress could ho made. Thon I witnessed a North China dust storm, aud it was a dust storm in vorv truth. Tlio fiorocst Molhourno hrickfloldor that ever blow is insignificant compared with the uOiiSu clouds of mutter which blow along thoso Tiontsin plains, accompanied by a bitter, piercing cold wind. Our boathouse lay to, anu Dy had luck right up against ono of tlio worst garbage heaps on tho river. I am not much troubled about furors and diseases, aud so I closed my windows, got a lire lighted, und made myself ns comfortable ns tho circumstances would pormit, although tho smolls woro some times ' of great strength, Tho gate lasted all that afternoon nnd night, hut in tlio early morning of next day wo got away. I need not enter into details of tho jonrnoy ; suffico it to say that it took four days to got to Tung Chow, so much woro webothored with head winds and getting aground owing to the shallowness of tho rivor. Tho country as a .wholo seemed fcrtilo; but there wero sandy portions hero nnd thoro . of very dosort-liko appearance. One of tlio standing jokes of tho journey wns ro seo ino towiino Drcaic ana ino coolies, who woro pulling it, go promptly on their faces. Tho men ou board always laughed joyously ut tho spectacle; but, as tho rope broko frequently, tlio laughs wero turn and turn about. At last, as the ovening of tho fourth day was drawing on, tho lmincnso pagoda of tho city of Tung Chow roso in sight, and in about a couplo of hours wo wore inoorod to tho hank among a largo numbor of othor houso boats. It was anything hut dolactabto company, aud I had an unquiet night owiug to tlio noises round about mo. In tlio morning I engaged a cart and started for Pokin, a distanco of about eleven miles by road. ' " ' 