FOSTENELLE'S DIALOGUES OF THE DEAD. PLAl'0 AND MAKGAEEI OF SCOTLAND. Margaret.—Coma to my. aid, Divine Plato! —I conjure you to tale my part here ! Pluto.—Why ?—— What's the matter ? ; Marguret.—'Xis only about a kiss, which in a transport of satisfaction I fr- avo to a Irarried'man, but very ugly. 'Pis in vaiu for mo to repeat, in my dsfence, what I said upon the occasion, that I long'd to iiss that mouth'wbieh had spoko so many fino things. Hero's I know not how many ghosts mike a ridiculo of me, ftnd pretend to maintain that such favors arc ouly for handsome, not lins "speiiking mouth?, and that learning ought not to bo paid in tlio same coiu with love. Pray will you convinco those geutlemoii ghosta that what is most worthy cf ths : passions: ia invisible, and that we may be .charmed with beauty, ovon through a very deformed, case of flesh, with which it may chance to be covcred. . . Plato.—How can you ask me to say such a ridiculous thing? l'horo is not a word of truth in it. - Margaret.—Bless me! Why :you've faid it a thousand and n thousand time?. Piato.—Ay;—that was in my life-time. I was a philosopher, and bad a mind^totulk of love; the'-decorum" of mycharaetor would not have aliow'd mo to tnlkof 'iti like the authors of the '* "M lesiin" 'Tales;" and, therefore, I wrapt up those matters'in the jargon of philoaopliTi as in a cloud, that they might'not' appear to all the world'for what indeed they were. Marguret.—I'm confident you nevor had such a thought. You certainly meant some other than tho common love, sirico you have so gloriously describ'd tho journeys made by winged rbuls in chariots to' the extreme vault of heiv'n, whero they ■ contemplate beauty in its cssence; their uniiappy fall from so vast an elevation io t'io distant earth, occasioned by. the unrulinoss of-one of their 'boraas ;' the tearing of thoii1 wings; thoir mansion in the body, and,what befalls 'em on their-'me.ctins: wibh' h beautiful coun tenance, which . they presently' ktioV: for a copy of that beauty they bare' seen above. The recovery of their wings, wliich'jbegin to shoot out nguio, and with which they en deavour a flight towards what. they. love. In One, that confusion and. terror which seizes 'em upon' sight of the" beauty they know to bo divine. That holy madness which trans ports 'em, and that desire which incites 'em tj sacrifice to, tho object of their love, as to the immortal gods. Plato.—Upon my honest word now, all this,Well understood and faithfully' inter preted, signifies in plain speech no more, than that handsome persons aro apt to inspire a thousand transports; • Margaret.—But according to -your?notion the soul does "not-rest' in cr portal beauty, which serves but to revive the memory, of a beauty iuGhitely more'charminp. Would it I bo; possible that all those lively emotions you have picHlr'd, were caus'd only by full eyos, a little mou'.h, and ft fresh complexion ? Ah/let'i-m bavo tbo beiuty of the soul for thoir object, if yoa'd justify 'em, and your self in painting 'oin ! • Plito.—Shall I tell you tho truth ? Tho beauty, of tho wit excites admiration ; thnt of _the soul, esteem, and thatof tho bo.ly, love.' ■Esteem and ndmiralion are calm enough, 'tis lovo only is impetuous. ; Margaret.—Suro death has mado you a libertine,——for in your lifetimo you not only spoke another Bort-of'language about love, but you practis'd too tho sublime.ideas you had conceiv'd of it. " Don't you remem ber you were in love with"" Arquaanassa of Cnlpbos." in Bpito of old age ? And pray did not you make theso verses en her? Arqueanassa d"es inspire In my breast a lover's fire : Age, its feeble Bpigbt displaying, Vainly wrinkles all her facj; Cup:ds, in each wriuklo playing, Charm my eyes with lasting grace. But be:'ore old time pursu'd her,* E'er bo sunk theso. littlo:caves, How I pity those who viciv'd her, , And in youth wore made her slaves! jNow who can believe but this troop of lov>s, that play'd in tho wrinkles of Arqueanassn, must have been tbe charms of her wit, which age bad brought to perfection? You bewail'd thoso who saw her in her youth, be cause her beauty made too great impressions on 'em, and you wero enamour'd with that merit in her which could not be destroyed by yoare. Plato.—I'm oblig'd Lo you for being wil ling to put so favorable a construction on a small satire I made upon Arqueanassa, who, old as"sho wai; thought to mako mo lovo her. No—— my passions, I assure you, were not so metaphysical as you imagine, as 1 lmvo other verses lo convince you. And while I'm repeating'om, if I wero,vet living. I'd observe tho idle ceremony which I make my " Socrates " to use when he's about to speak of love; I'd cover my face, and you should not hear me but thro' a veil. But hero we have no need of such formalities. My verses aro those: With pity mov'd, when generous Agathis Bewards her lover with an eager ki?s, Swift to my lips my trembling soul I feel Transported flies, and thence to hera wou'd stoal. Margaret.—How!*:—Is this Plato? Plato.—Tho vory same. Margaret,'—What, Plato? With bis square shoulders, his grave air. and all that philosophy lie carried iii his boad ? Had Plato.a ta6lo for such sort of kisses ? ' Plato.—Ay, he bad. Margaret.—But do you consider then that the' kiss I gavb my man ot science was all purely philosophical, which yours lo your mistress was not at all; so chat I porsoutited your character, and you mine. Plato.—I grant it. Philosophers aro gal lant; while such as should seem to have been born for gallant:y affect to bo philoso phers. We lot those run after tho chimeras of philosophy who don't know 'em ; and we, in tho meantime, make u stoop at what is moro real. Margaret.—I bco I was mistaken in my man, when I eall'd upon tho lover of Agathis to justify my kiss. Nay, if I had happen'd to be in love with this lejru'A piece of'deformity .fl'should have baen yet nioro to si for nri; vindication from you. . However, ,'ti* certain wit by itself can crcite passions, which is a gcol article for the wotaen," and a earing c.ird for such as are not bandto'air. , .. Pi»to.—I don't Vnov? whether wit can . create passims, but this I know, it often puts tho body into a capacity of raisiog 'em with out t'e help of bjnu(y, and gives it an rgr.ieableae33 which it wanted. And for proof of this, we aee the body most con tribute iia . share, and always furnish some what of its ow'n^iiji yquth at ■ least; for if it docs not assist i:self at all wit is of no uso to it. ■ . ,1 '■ Mirgavct.—As if; loru must havo always somewhat materia'. J ' Plato.—JJL'is its naturo. .' Giro it, if you plea<p, wit for its solo object, and; see what you'll eaih.by it. You'll besurprU'd to Dnd it immediately roturning to matter. If-you. lov'd only Uie wit of your philosopher, for what revon did you kisahiin ? - 'Tie, that the 'body is'allottcd lo reap tho urofit of .tho pissioiis, ovo.i which tlio • wit itself1 has in:. epii'H. ; -y The sooiinccs ot til it Lime. .. I 