CHARLEYS MIDDLE. Br Sobzbt C. Mhxebs. It fs no' matter to -wiit army, North or *SoU*h, the dmimnpT.Twy Imlnngrtll. X*OUng *h© ?was, his fait skin tanned by Megrim old sun, his blue eyes Bbining but, Bke very forgetme nots, in tine doll, dork surroundings. They said of him in camp that lie was a boy, ana surely they treated him, in their rough way, lite a child. Sunburnt men called nun * Charley ;' talked with him ; moke of scenes &r; away, where those with whom these sun burnt men loved more than anything else in the world lived ; and Charley listened to them, and heard what was never told to older, less un sophisticated companions, for somehow his young fane and light, cheerful' laugh appealed to these men. and mode them confide in him. There was even a rumour that bandy Green, 'the tall, awkward .widower from the frontier, had told Charley about his own young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little 'touch of sentiment* ? ? ? '' . You may, perhaps/ say that there is no time, no place for sentiment among big. brawny men prepared ior and experienced m war. It is riot so. Around cr3p*rcs, in dim lilaccs at night, when the tr.x -p, -tramp, tramp of the sentry seams ghost'. y. end dreary, and foil of dire warning, the. :; are tales of 'love, and sorrow, and loss, anil hope remembered and told to listening ears that ii«*«i- these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, deathdeliver ing sound of c uinon, or swift whistle of the rifle-ball. Thus vras 'Ihirloy, the drummer- boy, a cyclopaedia. «if the gentler thoughts of the soldiers abou . in). Often in t; — lack of evoning, when the men were loiteri;:. about the camp, and the kindly star* were vc?i-vns faintly oat above tire white teats, there would come a little, walling sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in theitgame at cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and say, ' That's Charley's \- 'And did any one fake the trouble to took for ?:. the I9y.i1* might beeeen ^perched no on a ? -fiie«T4f--1dtunes lie remembered; And tome of the newer ones made 'for the war, and even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which hau come by a. devious way and a fearful laischaace into camp. So, here among the purple shadows, when the fire on the outposts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while the crickets chirped, CKarloy would play 5ie times of peace and happiness, the same as raiies away they were being played and sung by laughing, care less people in the crowded cities, filled with the Tumours of war, not. understood, but appre ciated. , .. ? % ? ?.. ' ButChariey hadnever-been in an engage ment at yet, and the. men said, ' Don't be so anxious, dot ; it'll all come soon enough !' And it did come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the fliinjr for him, only it was too monotonous. He also told the 'boys that his aunt was the only relative he had in the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, and that she was 'mortal angry with hint' for going away from her — for. somehow or other, he guessed she ' sort o' liked him.' . ; That was all he told them, and they got quite a joke up about * Aunt Teddy,' and often spoke of h?r to Charley, and told him, when they saw him writing, to bs sure and send much of their love to her.' lwaoat k»^ v ner, saia unariey, oryou wouldn't make s ? ! jrht of it. Why, she could take any of you s-. -ale-handed, aiidyeu'd never know what hurt y .ii.' And so he wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiidle I Well, it seemed part -of him. He loved it I He loved the miserable little tunes he cod i play on it : he loved to sit down anywhere, an 1 at any fine, and strike up one of those little tunes, and play, and play, and play, till it was a wonder how much endurance catgut baa, not to mention human fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as though it were a little child, and his blue eves would flash as his hand swept over the strings. And the time went on ; and in the intervals of Charley's drum-tape his fiddle took it up. The day came when there vere preparations for a battle going on; the enemy were sur rounding them; and Charley was glad, but quiet. There was less time for fun in camp now, and picket duty was not cgntiTnonf^ any more — ex- cept that it was tragic Two men had been picked off by scouts, and the grim faces of Hie boys looked death when they heard. Yet one pleasant, cool night, whOe the long, white streets of the camp glistened in the moon light, and it was not yet time for the men to torn in, .Charley was seen by Sandy Green busfly writing a letter on his drum -heaa. : 1 For Aunt Ted, Charley?' asked Sandy Green. And the boy nodded, and laughed. j Then the old man stood there watching him for a long time. Hie saw the pleasant, brown _ face, wiaihe bine eyes bent over ihe writing— andce wasjisnigh, avery ronch man, nund ? Whom taxable was no account, because it most ' he surmounted. Anil yet he stood here, in the .early moonlight, watching the drummerboy writing ft letter to an old woman. Charley looked up when he had finished. 'Ho, Sandy! you there yet!' said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. 'Sandy, Fllgiveittoyoutoseepostedforme. WHlyou do it ? You've got more -*»i»»i»» than I have.' So Sandy took theletter, and said, as he turned to Charley: 'Do you know, boy, that we expect a scrimmage to-morrow V Yes, Charley knew it, and he was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him all over a'ain about the battles that had been fought before ; he listened, and was bright and chirpy over the stories; and the older ™™ warmed with his subject, watched the light in file boy's eyes, and tended by patting him' on the back. '.You'Jl do, Charley !' he said. -? And now give us a tune, for who knows— well, give us a tune!' So Charley brought his fiddle, and sat down on tile ade of his drum ; and Sandy laid his sprawling length on the ground, his head on his band. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth' from the little fiddle ! And the tone went on] and on, till the stars bunked, and grew brighter: and all at once Sandy said: ' Say, Charley ! Gire us the song .you played last night.' There was a slight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air «ime the old tune of ' Home. Sweet Home,' softly md slowly played, filling the air around, and touching with kind fingers the hearts of the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as he sat there balanced cm the drum, and Sandy Green's hand was pressed hard into his head. Am) the tune went on and on, and the stars sparkled, iiie crickets chirped peacefully, when, all at ence, a bugle sounded, a confused noise was home to them. Sandy was on his feet, Gharlev's . drum was in his hand— and the enemy was 'on them ! Who can tell of the dreary surprise, of the terrible fight of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning, when innocent daisies were red and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were blackened and Bcorched by powder ? Who can tell of the wild, smirched faces \- tanned sightlessly up to the sky; the dead hands clutching the erase: the soiled and tnrn HntHnn -Ijierced with a little new hole, whence life had fluttered out? Longintotheday it lasted; and there were no more birdB* songs head- The white streets r.f the camp were gone, and a con fused mass of men, some wounded, and all bitter, were here instead. And the fight had ended, me enemy had disappeared, and these men were — victorious. Throughout the fight they ell remembered to have heard the drum. Theyremembered seeing young Ciiariey hatless, his fin-» boyish form in the thickest of the fight, for there had been t small order— it- could not be otherwise. And v;;_«oine.iof them eaid jhe had bean Men with a ;,;? ??musket in ins hand, loading and firing, brave ? ': *:./ana'ao1dierly. \- JBut now there was a silence; thesa were not .his drum-taps. And Bomcbody else sounded Hie roll as these men stood up to answer to their tiatflpa There were many gaps in the roll— manv . men. who jvould answer to but one roll-call more— the mighty EoU of -the Last. And when Charley's name was called there „ was no response ; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mate inquiry. So on the roll Went ; and at last Sandy Green's name was called— no answer. Again it was called, and then— then Sandy Green's voice answered from *w away, and they saw hfm coming, limping np the huli Charley on his shoulders, whiter9 and wild. The men cheered— yes, they did— they cheered ' And Sandy stood in the midst of fliem, his leg wounded by a ball, and told now he had been found by Charley when a^ baypnft was going to make an end of him, but Oat Charley had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. But, strange to say, the boy had not seemed to recognise hue. Sandy had taken »'''! on his shoulder, for the boy had grown faint and white, had called his name; but a blank look \--was all the reply he had received. Charley's . ? mind had stopped. There he was, looking at the men, & 6mik- cu his face, but au nntngnninfT light in his blue eyes. They looker! .-it him, they shook him by the hand; but he t-Ai nothing— he recognised no one. The surgeon ca-jie, and shook his head, ' Fright !' he said. But Sandy Green cried : 'It's a lie, begging your pardon! The boy ' wasn't frightened;' * For ail that, it made small difference to ? Charley. Day by day, as this portion of the army made entrenchments where they were, and prepared for winter quarters, for this point must be guarded, Charley loitered about the hoBpital, sot sick, not ailing, butwith his mind clonded One of thft boy* had hunted for his fiddle, but ?nly the fragments and the strings were left, ? ? ' ? «nd these Sandy Green had taken charge of, as he lay in bis cot; for, said he, 'The eight of these things might make the boy worse.' The surgeons studied the case. It was new , SG&nmcly; oflspv. tmowuup no one ? sttd&&xtt;& \& no one, missingnothinghe had before known. The men, when they met him, called out, ' Hi, Charley !' -and he seemed to be pleased at that — nothing more. Often they wouldlook athiin, speak of aim, for you see they had all so liked him. AndSandy Green tras grieved at heart,, though his manner was as gruff -and rude as' sver. After awhile the Burgeons came to a strange conclusion. They said that the life of Charley, from the first surprise on that eventful evening that night when he had seen a fight, was a blank* Xbby.said^there was no frridge'to con nect £ j^un|e $efpEejsundc3ie~:tniiB|afier t^s£ terrinW xperience. They wted vast authorities; andconfua d themselves about them, and so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling though he wen ajrhost. One day SanirJGrreen, feeling in his pocket, found *:ie letter which Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, and hadjieen f&rgotten; £V6r since; At sightiof it, he .want ^r^aziei^Anu^penGu^unmediately* That night he tola the_boyS he hid written to Charley's unposted letter. ' ^imt Teddy's coming to camp, boye,' said some of them, in faint remembrance of their old humour, over Charley's relative. ' Sandy Green has written to her, telling her all about the boy.' X» '. Id ! A_few days after, a tall apparition, gaunt aud grim, draped in grey, maae its ap pearance in the hospital, asking for Charley Morgan; and in less thjn an hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had come. AH who could sauntered past the window, just-topeipather. But ttev did not go twice, lor her fierce look was something dreadful ; and it was everywhere at once. They were afraid of her. The might face the enemy, but Aunt Teddy was something more. And Charley ? She iust went uu to the noor'Iad. and took ids face between her two bony hands. 'Charley!' she said. And lie turned his She sat quietly down, and rocked -herself to and fro. No! Aunt Teddy could do nothing either.- **. ? ?,-**?? - * ' ' ?? * -- So the days wore on. and some of the bays saw her sitting beside Charley, holding bis hand in hers, and looking fiercely about her like a lioness guarding ier young. She would not have him stir from her, and he seemed perfectly contented beside her. And when the men siw her sitting there, fierce -and en guard, i holding the boy's hand in her own, and he smiling and happy-looking, they felt a lump in their throats : and in a way they respected Aunt Teddy more than if she bad cried orer him, calling him loving names, for they saw strength here, like their own — strength of protection. Ani, do you know, it was said that when Sandy Green saw her coming in ' that day, he hobbled out as last as he could, and with a white face : and he would not go near her when she asked for the man who had written her about Charley. ' He, too, was afraid of her — the gaunt, gnm apparition. To the doctors she was a little more con cilixtin^ ; aud. although she told them they did not know their business, yet, when one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley's hand from hers to give it a friendly shake she said : ' Don't, plej.su ! I want to hold him to me, for he's all I've got.' And the doctor could not help grasping hers, with a great choke in his throat. ' If we could awaken Charley to some memory of the past,' said this doctor to her one day — ' if we could bring him back to the day before file fight — if he could recognise something he had known then, we might save him, perhaps.' -'Cm sot a.TKh* vojnin,' was the reply; 'bat Fll write this inatance to va.v a^ent'to* salmT house. And that money—all I have in the world — Til give to the man who brings my boy back to me.' Kow this was duly reported about camp— all ihis and more. And it was told to Sandy Green, among others. He shook his head gruffly. But in the middle of the night Sandy. Green rose up like one possessed, and searched around, and found an old, flat cigar-box. All the nest day he worked at the box, worked mysteriously, andkept lookers-on away. For two days he scraped at it. On the third Charley was to go away with his aunt, for she had determined to take him home. On this last evening Sandy .Green was seen lurking about the hospital; and once, when Aunt Teddy rose and went to see about some final preparations for departure, he darted in, caught Charley by the h-n^j and limping swiftly away with him, took him to a knoll far off — took him to a drum laid sidewise oa the ground, and seating him there, pulled out a cigar-box, shaped rudely like a violin, . the strings of Charley's own lost instrument stretched upon it. Then he brought out a rough bow. Charley eat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, nut before he could repeat it, a-tostling noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, frightened ont of her wits at missing Charley, and«heWBBfoUoweabvJ»Ita»l»jB,the two Sandy Green raised his hand to warn them. They stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air ckthethe eld tune of- 'Home, Sweet Home,'. rudely and brokenly played; but there.it was — there it was! „ - The smile on -Charley's face faded out, like the light of the ignis fatuta. A startled ex pression came instead : he leaned forward— he listened. The bovs pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green's fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. AU 'at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley's face; he started up, looked confusedly about him. opened his lips. ' Aunt Teddy V he cried. He was saved. His aunt was kneeling at his feet, hugging his knees, crying wildly. The boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the hand, for he had done more than they could do, and they owned to it. Then they all, every man of them, went up to Sandy, and wrung his hand. He had let the fiddle fall to the ground, and his rough face jwns seamed- wftht^ars. V ^Here!— femeboarlearlnietsSei^y^Green!' cried a voice; the voice of Charley's aunt; ' * for I can't see, Tin crying so hard ; and my legs are clean gone from me '' And Aunt Teddy was inarched up to him, but not before Chairtey had caught both Sandys Lands' in his. ?? '!| i'j . s j;'-i' ?' And what dill Aunt Teddy do? She just threw her aims around Sandy Green's neck, and gave him a sounding kiss, before all the boys too ! ? ? Ami from a score of strong throats came a cry; ' Thret sheers for Sandy Green — and a tiger ! ' And she shook hands with them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her house, as a reward for ' any ffl» who could save her boy.' The cigar-box fiddle may still be sera there — and often U seen there bv Sandy Gresn and others— and it is christened 'ChabeEt's FrJJDLE.' — Weekly Budget. 