ANDERSON'S CREEK. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday, 3rd inst. Whether the ordinary meeting of the Bulleen Shire Council yesterday was a legal one remains to be seen. The two meetings, annual and ordinary, were advertised to be held and were started the previous Monday but broke up, or rather were adjourned by the president, there not being a quorum. The Doncaster councillors with Council- lor Goodwin objecting to Councillor Smith's motion for a vote of thanks to the Secretary and Treasurer (Mr. O'Brien), based on the Government and local auditors' report of the correctness and capability of that gentleman's work. This, I think, has been a yearly occurrence, however, these gentlemen left the table en masse, hence the action of the President in the adjournment. That the Doncaster members should have taken this action is easily understood, but Cr. Goodwin, of Warrandyte, had made, I believe, no such promises as those gentleman, and the ratepayers of Warrandyte are certainly not endorsing that gentle- man's conduct in Council. Councillor Sell entered a written pro- test yesterday against passing any accounts at the ordinary meeting held, and stated that he and his colleagues intended to take legal proceedings to squash the action taken by the President and the sitting Councillors. Could not some compromise be arrived at, at all events relative to passing accounts, &c.; Templestowe has an " apparition" or ghost or something in that line, I have heard from several persons whose testimony is reliable who have seen the affair. It present a peculiar lumin- ous light that erratically flits about, and unlike the " Will o' the wisp" jumps from hill-top to hill-top. The near- est approach, I hear, that has been to it was some time ago when a party of two observed it on the Templestowe side of the river and on trying to near it in a twinkling it showed on the top of the range on the other side. So many persons have seen this peculiar appear- ance that it is not likely to be canard. I have tried both in whisky and out but have as yet been unsuccessful. The new Governor is very very Scotch, at all events at a Caledonia gathering, which can hardly be wondered at. Yet I think we poor English will in conjunction enjoy a few of his smiles. Nationality is strong, but a Governor is British. What has poor Mr. Gillies done? During the past week the whole of the papers have sat upon him, rolled him out, and hung him out to dry as it were. " It is imperative if he wishes to continue in office he must marry," says the Standard. " His multifarious portfolios are the bete noir of others, and general incapacity to reform the present Government except to suit his own purposes," the general cry of the Age. If the Age thinks it has the power to upset a present coalition government, even with the assistance of the Argus in personally challenging certain acts of the Premier, they will find they are mistaken. In prosperous conditions changes of a radical nature are not desirable. There is some upshot it all this that I have no doubt will be settled during the recess. I regret there is a good deal of sickness with us and the district just now, and epidemics of frequent occur- rence. We intend holding our usual sports on New Year's Day, due notice of which will be given, also re-organising our cricket club. 