Miscellaneous The following interesting items are taken from our English files to hand : — The Queen is spending Christmas at Osborne, ac companied by the Empress Frederick and her three daughters. A Christmas-tree, as usual, is placed in the servants' hall, and from it the Queen will hand presents to the school -children and others residing near the Royal residence. Her Majesty, who believes in CAvl vLQvf '1*^ J UOl 1 1 BU Or gj HI 1 1 Unlll III UllCU Up Al \7 PU Jl iiv for the use of her grandchildren. The Empress Frederick and her daughter Sophie, the future Queeu of Greece, ran up from Windsor to London on Sunday and attended the Greek Church. The floor was laid with scarlet carpet, and a large cross, suspended from the dome, was illuminated with crim son lamps. On Monday the Empress Frederick paid a visit to the Hospital for Sick Children, Great Orraond street. A bouqu-t of violets was presented to her by a little child held in the arms of a nurse. The Empress visited each ward, and took great interest in the little patients, to most of whom she spoke. The Prince and Princess of Wales had a busy time before arriving at Sandiingham for Christinas. On Thursday the Prince visited the tomb of Charles I. at Windsor, and replaced in the vault containing the coffin of the king relics of that monarch which had been removed during some investigations more than 70 years ago. On Saturday the Prince and Princess were presented at Marlborough House witha silver shield,4hc offering of the people of South Wales, in commemoration of the Royal silver wedding. The same dry they visited Ealing and opened the Victoria Hall, 'erected as a Jubilee memorial. On December 20 the Prince unveiled the new Wellington statue at Hyde Park corner. Prince Albert Victor has been createl a Knight of Justice of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, and the Empress Frederick has also joined the Order, and has accepted the badge of a Lady of Justice. The three-year-old King of Spain has received for his Christmas present a tiny pony and carriage. Queen Natalie is to receive a visit from her son in January at Bucharest. His stay is, however, limited to two days, and officers will be present at every meet ing between mother and son. A strange tale of Holyrood Palace was in circula tion. It was said that the workmen rec ntly employed in Mary Queen of Scots' room came u;ion a secret stone chamber in which was a baby wrapped in cloth of gold marked ' J.' Immediately after the birth of James I. the infant was said to have been removed from Holy rood, its mother, Queen Mary, showing little interest in her offspring. The question was being asked whether the infant wrapped in the cloth of gold was Queen Mary's baby, and if so, who was the other child who afterwards reigned as James I. of England and VI. of Scotland. The only foundation for the story, however, appears to be the finding of the body of a child concealed in -h stonework of Edinburgh castle. The Queen has appointed Mr. Ralph Copeland to be Astronomer Royal for Scotland. The Witwatersrandt goldfields in South Africa have now an average declared output of 21,000 oz. per month, and the adjacent coal mines are very valu able. The to s n of Johannesburg has been erected on what, two years ago, was a waste, and contains well built stone and brick nouses, with all the resources of the largest towns of Cape Colony. The population is estimated at 12,030 whites, besides'mauy natives, and as many more inhabitants of the scattered mining camps. The place is 200 miles from a railway, and 800 miles from the sea, so that the difficulties that have been overcome in buiiding the town are enormous. _ Mrs. Pledge, the ex-Mayoress of Folkestone, has been presented by the inhabitants with a diamond bracelet in recognition of her services amongst the poor. There was a grim reminiscence about the wedding of Miss Brydon the other day in Inverness Cathedral. Her fatlier. Dr. Brydon, was the only individual who escaped' from the Afghan massacre in 1812, when 26,000 men. wnovm, and children were slaughtered in the KhvberPass. Lord Charles Beresford unveiled in St. Margaret's Church, Westminster, a memorial- window in honour of Admiral Blake, the navai hero whose body, when ejected from the Abbey, was interred in St. Margaret'? Churchyard in 1661. The Prince of 'Wales has resigned his commission as captain-general, and the Hon. Artillery Company will . ^ be disbanded because the corps, which has existed in some form for 350 \ ears, declines to be subject to thp se same conditions as a volunteer regiment. The Duke of Westminster, who once gave 14,000 guineas for a racehorse, is said to have just sold another to an American for 17,000 guineas. Electricity is to be generated and distributed in Paris by the power furnished by an artesian well, which has a daily flow of 6000 cubic metres of water. The phonograph was produced as u witness in the Chancery Court recently. It was used to produce the cry of the ' Ko-Iio-Ko 'screech-owl in a trade-mark case. Another company had registered the owl with the words ' Co- Co.' A stormy petrel, driven inland by the storms, was picked up in an exhausted condition at Kelso. A gamekeeper was recently attacked by a pheasant near Hull, the bird flying at' the man several times in the most savage manner. The inhabitants of Ballynoe, near Fermoy, have long been terribly alarmed at the movements of a church yard ghost. The priest at length betook himself to the tombs and captured the apparition, which turned out to ben, man who passed his days in vagrant rambles, and his nights in a lonely vault, into which he had effected an entrance, sleeping in his charnel-house ou some old sacks* A monster blast has just taken place at a granite quarry on the Duke of Argyll's Scotch estate. Five tons of gunpowder were deposited in an excavated chamber, and when fired it displaced 75,000 tons of granite. There has been another find of gold in Wales. The latest discovery is on Garn Mountain at Aber, a spot familiar to tourists in North Wales. Three instances of miserly hoarding are reported. A female outdoor pauper at Tavistock, who has just died in wretchedness, had no end of new wearing apparel and £80 in money concealed in her rooms. A labouring maltster at Downham, when on his death bed, handed his son the key of a box which was was found to contain 1900 sovereigns. This miserly hoard ing had gone on for two generations, the box and its contents having been left to the man by his father. A young woman at Barnet, who with her mother was an outdoor pauper, has just died, leaving her parent £230. The Post Office Savings Bank authorities have handed the money over to the Guardians. A baby boy with two heads lived three weeks at Whitby. The two heads were set on separate necks, on one pair of shoulders. There appeared to ' bo two separate existences, for when one head slept peacefully the other was generally awake, and they took food separately. A young Jewess in London has been awarded £25 for breach of promise. It transpired that in the betrothal contract a clause was inserted to the effect that if either of them should break the agreement a fine of £10 6liould be paid by the individual. The Jewish lover had also failed to pay the £10 expended on the betrothal feast, which consisted of all kinds of fruits aud drinks. A wealthy uncle in Michigan recently left his nephew, an eccentric old bachelor, £50,000 only on con dition that he should marry. The contents of the will leaking out, the embarrassed man is suid to be deluged with offers of marriage from ladies. A car on a switchback railway at Derby was over turned, eight persons receiving injury. The mishap is said to have been caused through a boy placing a piece of wood under the wheels. Higgins, the imitator of Baldwin, had a narrow escape near London. His parachute fell prematurely, aud he descended rapidly with the balloon from a height of two miles without much injury. Owing to the great loss of life from fires in London, light ladders will in future be kept for immediate use at each police-station. A burglar entered a constable's house at Watford, having miscalculated the time of that officer's return home, and was captured. A woman who landed at Queeastown was fouDd to have 50 rounds of ammunition concealed in her dress improver. A domestic servant at Torquay has been sent to a reformatory for sending disgusting letters to ministers and others, purporting to come from the Whitechapel murderer. The young man who murdered and mutilated his s .veetheart at Birtley. has been executed. The two youths who confessed to a Salvation Army captain that they murdered a man at Tunbridge Wells have been sentenced to death. An epidemic of husband-poisoning has again broken out in Slavonia. A score of women nave been arrested, charged with poisoning their o*n husbands, or, by arrangement, those of others. The women in this region are treated by their husbands more crnelly than slaves. A supposed German spy has been captured near Faris. He had taken a chalet, his supposed wife turn ing out to be a young cadet in woman's dress. The couple frequently wandered about ainoug the fortifica tions, the supposed wife wheeling a perambulator, in which lay a sleeping baby, which, in reality, wis a doll. Mr. Thomas Nickerson, of Boston (U. S. A.), has ainazed railway capitalists by paying to the Mexican Central Railroad shareholders, without any legal claim on their part, £125,000, which he considered as the portion which he had received of a sum wrongfully wrung from them by the original projectors, of wh mi he was one. An American million lire his given £J 4 10,000 for the foundation of a home and industrial ssboil for bays in Philadelphia. A centenarian ' is living at Pontypoa who fougli under Sir John Moore, and witnessed the retreat of the British army before Corunna, in 1809. He also served under Wellington. At Meithyr Tvdvll a man su d his wife in the County Contt for tLe worth of a £50 deposit mte, which he hid placed ,'n a Bible fjr security. Judg ment was given again: t the wife. The week's obituary includes : — Prince Alexander of Ile=se, father of the husband of Princess Beatrice ; Prince Eugene, of Carignan, Savoy ; Mr. Lawrence Peel, the last surviving brother of the statesman ; Mr. George Rou: ledge. late head of the publishinz firm ; Colonel Liddell. l inger of Windsor Park, who was visited during his illness by the Queen and Princess Christian; Mr. Richard Redgrave, an eminent artisl who was appointed by the Queen surveyor of Crown pictures ; Sir William Pearce, M.P. for Govan. 