MRS. BAEYERTZ' MISSION. The services in connection with the mission in this town oe,Mrs. Baeyertz, the converted Jewees, continpue to be well attended, and to excite a good dral of genuine interest. At the mid.day prayer-meeting, on T1seday,thers was again a large .nmber of persons present, the prooeedings being conducted in much the same way as on the previous day. The bar. monium accompaniments were kindly played by Miss H. Soott, and Mrs. Baeyerti delivered a short, etirring, and practical.addrsee upon incidents recorded in the Old Testament-to which, naturally enough, she has a great at tachment-her remarks being listened to with close attention. On Tuesday evening, the large bell of the School of Arts-platform included-was filled by an audience comprising members of every denomination in town, incliding even a small contingent of the much.neglected and too often despised aborigieals. Seated with Mre. Barey ertz were several of the local clergymen and many prominent citizens. After the singing of a hymn from snkey'es favomurite compilestioo, a most comprehensive and beautiful prayer by the Rev. J. Gardiner, and the reading of a portion of Scripture, a collectibn in aid of the missiones ponses was taken up, and further devotional exercises followed. Then Mrs. oaeseyrt com menoed her address, founding her remarks upon two inenldentereoorded in the Nsew Testament the yoong ralet who put to Jeens the all-im portant qiseetloon' " What moast I?do to inherit eternal life?" and the story of blind BEryimmaus,. the way.asid'e'tieggar, who besodghtthe'Son of David to give him the inestimable gift of sight. ter remarks rwer delivered wibth' a oeoy,' ease,? ?'and graces5 and withal with a 'whole. hearted earnestaes, that secured firr her the eloset attention of the large audience p~reset. Deferring to her conversion from Judaiem to Christianity, she said that there eanemn orisils in her lifle, s there would come;, 'at sometime: or other, in the lives of everyone present, if it had ubt already come. Her hubead, after Ewe years of married life, was taken from her very snddenly, by accident, and it was aeoene which took place when the dying man's soul was foet about to pass from time into eternity that con vined her of the reality of Chriitianty, and proved the turning.point in her eareer. She knelt down beside thebed of her dead husband, and took a solemn oath that ahe wosid never reust until she bad fonod Christ. 'Timeaspa~a on i she was till unsaved; theoutlooklbeoame gloomy; and.bhe felt that shaem?eld not foee the black and lonely fntre.. An invitation came, by letter, urging her to .retorn ?t her home, when she wonld be forgiven.for having resholnoed bur religion, money would be asttled pon her, honu 'osrould be' given her to live ia,.and everything possible would be done to make her happy. She was a?oatto reply in the affirmative; but her hand was stayed; she dropped thepsn; anddeterminedthat, whaterbr the oonsequencees might be,.ashe would not go baok, but would go on until she had found Christ. On day she was reading the story of the orocifzion, w.eo, suddenly,, the truthb.s flashed Into her soul, "H Be'i God E e is od; snd IHe died on the Greos.u She jumped up from the table, and wept for joy; she had at last become ecqgonited with theSar?viour. Herfatherneverforgaveherforbheomiega bris. tian, and eraed her pame from thn keidly register. Some ten years ago, when in Ade. laide, she happened tb picnk a copy oe.tbe Melbourne Asiues, where bhe read of the death of her father, and in that anoonunt thenames of all the other members of the family excepther own were imentioned. This, to her, 'waenthe greatest sorrow, of all, ard God slone 'baew what shbe went thrugh in the' agoieyt that hour. But she counted all the trouble; the poverty, thelonelinsse, the sorrowvbhlob she had experiennoed es drosse,' for she 'had foend ?hbrist. All this, and muoh mope, Mrs. Bsaeyerts related very graphioslly, and with meuh feestinag, seoitng the sarnest attentioieof her hearers from beginnisg to end. Some'for ther singig' followed, and the meetlng 've brought to a ilose by the Rev. J. Wallier lpo nosnoing the benediction, An Idvltisonto some upon the platform wasu, given to any in the hall who were ishpresed by what had been ibid by Mtr. Baeydrta, and who sdtihed to c~i. ealt her upon spiritual matters. ;8severa per seaos in tie hall. responded to the inveitation.? We should& have mentioned that at .thi?ssit' vieo Professor Johnston prusided'at the' har monm, - Mrs. Bsleyertn contianed her misalon, in thh Oongregationeal Churh, last evening, when shp delivered an- impressive address to men and boys, of whom there were a very lerge onm* ber present, the beuilding being comfottably filled. Mien devotional uervioes; Mis. BDey, erts chose at:the subject of her remnrkmi a Iortion of the 16th ehapterofSt. Lnke- abon? the rl- man and I'antrneos. "She al l'b wanted'her hearers eto use their own'reasuning powers in regard to thisportion of .a?"tur, and ash ·iemei~ilto seitoe iX'ht qpesbson- eim (I). s t~ere a hell'? (2), I .there rppt. ance eater d6itkL'Ahd "(3). "b e puiiehmit of hell eternalT On 'theflrtpot atshe was copeinped,. ad aes bbud'eh4eod *herow sla pit Word, She uesral them talo, that, when a man lived for the derilthe latfer rot always toody to blallilin then' hbe lef t iai world. Many said they did not believe itbell, but thpir ents mniqg. snoh an ides did.nopt tltyr tle 'fatof itueeltenouaens iota. Goddid noe seat hell up to frighteu eople to serve Him, but, if they dlIbs erwise, it was totheirowo lose. She sepoe of sme men es l1jyg open sinners,; w~hose tfanhg 'snaione went before them and ofthose whole sine wvat with theo: RBpentanaw aas aaot of the will of man, tai it cold be eesived through the Holy Ghost. Convictiun of sin was not rdpetan? .' :'If ; man did not receive Christ in this world there was no repentoe' hereafter. lMany would'al k Bat you don't mean to say th4Stthbbanie - menate of' hell are eternal 7 bod would .at alter that law with regard to the puneishment of sin. She oould assre thoem that what they were in this world they would be in the next if they were unconverted here theywpuld be nneonaverted in the hereafter. If they wishedb peaceS thb next world they eshould give their hearct to God here, as the matter lay ip their oWn hads. In conoluding ame' intensely iatSi. eating addreess, Mrs. BaeFeptn pehorted her hearers to beir in mind that there were mothers, sisters, and wivea praying for them,, and advised the parents present to sh6w their children a good example, eo that their off spring might learn to regard God as their friend, and by?aervisg him have power, to overcome the devil and hell. 