riEBATEICAL AND MUSICAL. . . -a : — . To-nioiit Millockor's comic opera, " Tho Beggar Studuiit," will havo reaolicd its first weuk's run, and, judging from tliu crowded houses it has drawn every night, wo may ntatu tlio first week has been the best tbuttlie Opera Houso lias seen for years. Looking at, and hearing this protty, rollicking opera a second time, and after the lapse of a week, evuiy imm suuius to navo grown more ueuuti- ful, tlio dialoguo mora sparkling and crisp, whilst a few minor considerations that did not run too smoothly (n tlio first night's performance have . been either omitted or overaqmo, ,, Every , artist seems satisfied with liui or.liqr. part, and tliera is all round a demonstration of tlio knowlcdgo of thbso behind i that they aro fully awaro- ; 'their ., qllbrts iuo successful and 'appi'obiated ; aiid fooling thus it cannot lie woudbi'dd at that tlio " Beggar .Student " niglitly rovoals somo fresh charm or opening lor good business. It is almost a dillurent opora when you have learned it by moro than a singlo hearing. , Un Saturday night Jliss-'i rao was 111 oxeellent voice, and sang with' lilleli isatisiaction and good heart that the hliuso .'groetbd lior with bravos and deafening applause, and demanded u repeti tion 'oB Joy and. Orlot," tlio cateliy little melody; . ..ulu .- ; tlio ..." duct, "Only : Sup-; pose," , both Miss Tree. aidl Air. Bracoy wero heard to host .advantage,' and gavo tho best rcndoriiig ot that crisp, and plc-using number. In Tho l'olish Girl's the Uirl for me " Mr. Braeoy " fau'ly. , rovelled; ,- aiid.'itho house demanded a ropetition.. Aldmei Lablaelie's peculiar iieceut lends to hoi" now. character a pueulmr .eluu'iu; and, ouliuneed by her excellent singing and. acting, slio lias 111- vestodi the rale of tho Countess Novalska witlatlio highest mont; :v Miss Clara Tlioinp- ... sou's part ls boynud tliiv opportunity of im provement. With the greatest pleasure wo aiiuminoo tliatrAfr. John Ford has found Ins eliaiaetui': so suited to- Ins taste and ambition that lie is moro at home than ever. ' In all Ins songs lie scored success,: but it is 111 lus dialogue lie lUakes the most : hits, and " fetches tho 'otisc." .The countess' body sor- van t is awfully fuimy, and certainly assumes tlio attitude : and1 . vomciousiioss of : a throo-qiiartcr starved man, vvlioso only liiomi is "Tutors again.'1: .Sohiuqips, the gaoler, shows ouch vast improvement that we muss niulco friends with Inm,; whilst, the chorus 'as- a' whole aro thoroughly satisfac tory. (Miuli.- a 'diat ot ollieioncics seems to imoouut vtoi' . tho pomilarity- gamed by. the " Beggai" btlldeiit, ': but wo cannot tlnnk kindly ot Miv hlavello; Count Opalinski. In . dialoguo lio is too loud, and gobbles away like ono desirous ot getting into a quiet curat r, away .'from the gaze otlns audience. Ifo -simply.' rotates his' part, and does nut inako uny. points or , hits at all. Alons.' Kowalski; now smiling, wafts Ins baton,, and satisfaction is- mamtustod in ha; every action. No . frowns disturb lus tranquil . brow, and his natural heart ' ol good humor Ims come again with the good times and tl|D o|hciency of:1 his charges. From all -.pai'la Riitl v.pooplo. tlio " Bogga. Btudont " is already, it pronounced success; and signs aro not wanting to prove Ilia; there is to bo a long run of this opera. Tho management1 of tho Crystal Palace Rmlc, York-street, lias decided to cause excitement by recompensing its patrons with pnzos, Tho current week will bo luarkeu by tlio opening, fif tilts delightful 01)(1 ex- liilai'atiug'piuzo- eatulung eovupetitioili ' e do not moan -that Ihorg. is going vn be a rogulae'eoinpetitmii,; That would not bo reckoned extraoi'dinavy, but tho system by which every person ..who purchases a ticket at tho door receives also a coupon, which, likely as not, will .contain the win- 1 mug number entitling the holder b, i annex a beautiful gold-lined silvei I tea and coffeo servieo, is unique. Those 1 who . go most .frequently and .pur- a chase 1UOVP tickets of course have the 9 best ehanoe. Anyhow, as' the admission is ® just as chdnp , as usual, nobody loses any- « ting by going, hilt, on tlio ooiltrary, runs the nice risk of soeuring the prize, or getting I near it, The prize iij on viow at Pain and Taylor's George-street; and tho lucky winner wdl rpcpiyo at on .Saturday night next.: As it is worth 12. )2s., it is really worth trying for, TIioj children's ournivitl (Saturday ivftornoon next) and the Speed well Bloyolo Club's special evening (Monday, next) are amongst the important coining events at this rude. Not a fow ot the many who find their way to, loso their way m, the Darlmglmrat Rmlc. At least if they don't loso. themselves - or their partners they must be pretty fair speci mens of the blnec-:traokgi>. J'lus may gound Uko damning a good thing with faint praise, but, as manager Aginton fully well knows, it " ain't meant that wuy." What we are blindly ondcavoring to stumble across is the fact that the D.R. is one of the largest and the iuicst of its ilk 111 the colonics. It's a tall concern in all respects, and will take (V knook-out number of rounds to give It tho go.by lu any way of competition. Viewed at night, especially, the whirling, laiitorn-budeekcd scene, is u eousm gormnno to tho apocrhyphal fairyland ; and on Satur day evening tno "show" was an immense pne for all concerned. Which side — regula tors or. rinkers — was tho most Batisfiod after the homoward gong luvd sounded- t'wore lmrd to . Bay ; perhaps does'nt need to- be said, The rink now needs but a very fow tnore snporfieial and' "unimportant finishing touches, and thoso aro not ; of a liaturo to uiterforo with public ' enjoyment. It is jiluees such as tlio ouo in question, and a number of others, wlnoh tend' to keop the skating rage from .dying .a .nutui'al. death bufuiu :thu pastime )uis been accorded/ a really genuino, trial. ; Thui'sdtty 'evening ' next, Juno 13, has been 1 hooked - for a big attraction, in tho ; form of ft fancy and even ing dross carnival, Towards . the bril liancy and. hooining' of this the manage ment have Bet thelr hearts, and aro bent upoiv mooting with ho 1 disappointment. Professional ivrtistie . skating exhibitions, limb-liglit; aiid otliui1 effects, nnd a big tiling in tlio .way. of it fiiney inarch-past, are to usher in: a sorios of contests for amateurs, tliu prizes - fur which are , lavish and tho reverse of anything of the Brummagom Yalnulesa liiituro.; S Tho prognvmmo has boen .. (vlrpuily: isspodi and will well hoar porusal, oBpyaially'by tlmBe' iVho 'intend to nieet at the prolhiiiiiary roiiearsala for practice, Tho prografnino ' at tile Allminbia will undergo e, oinnplato cluingo this evening, and li eiii a glaneo at th'o hill wo should say tliat a ,liibt-rato evening's amusement is Wilirtii ihii.rt'iich of.' anyhoily >vith sixponcc. Alt' the fii voiitesv'wilP ye seen and hoard in uowiseleetioiui; and' ".'Kednan's elassioal play, " Fun uii tliu, Brighton, will again form tho liouMu-'jiiiun'rur. t';-.. : V.;':: Uiulof" tlio auspices of the Progressive rdinpliii'.i' :8i)oiety a 'first-class literary and musical eii tertaiiimont was _givon in tho Leetii/i-'ulalty lfill-stveot, St. Leonards. Mr. ' F. . ;. r.Viif ji'rosidod, and in a brief address oxpr.: . . b ins iqiproval of tlio liberal eonsti- tutiifr. llie society, and as a proof . of, to.. or, Work of progressive character '" , of L'.i. , ..uelety, iustafieea tlio success that had' attended tlio institution of two brai.eiW i in thu oity,;aiul predicted a great future VJr I'liu society as'its aims and objects bceaiii./. j.udor kiiowii. Tlio following ladies and ge.a';ouiuii' very kindly gave tlioir sor- viijes" aiiil tho largo . 'and appreciative ' audVniie evinced approval of their eirorts : by ha, I applause. Miss Barnctt and Mr. A.' J. l.igel, in a highly creditable liiaiinor, fuiih,. .1 the. duties of iicoonipanists. A trio, entitled " gliepllorils toll mo," wusc oil- trjli.; led by Miss Hogarty, Mrs. Pantlin, aiid Miv Ifiirrlaon. "You will never miss yenr .Mother till'slio is gone," Muster Tom Tatlauu ; " Jessie's Dream," Mrs. Puntlin ; recitation by Mr. Lewis, " The Woinon of tho Maiidlo Head ;," Master .Morrison, Bong, " Mtdcaliy,' Esq. " Queen of tho Earth," Mr. Dinan : Air. Murphy,, comic song, , "You'll find it wanuur thore;" duet, "Larboard Watch," Messrs. Hegarty and Harrison ; " Koinany Lnss," Miss Bellett ; )'ccltatiui:. A1 i.ii " , -Alary' Tatham, "Little Jiin ; " " ' ei.t bbforb tlio Misans," by Air. JLewli : ' . i.o;i Villftgo BloekBmith," ||Mr, Glunn; j . recitation, ."Allan Bayno," by Mis:; ('.I, Aloorej "Tho Curfew Bell," (r by Alias M. _ Mooro ; , " Tho . Blue Alsatiou Mountains, " Miss Jackson ; recita tion (comic) " Maloney'a Fenian Cat," Mr. Mugiier ; "I'll Conqubr or Dio," Mr. Dinan ; " Happy be Thy Droains," Mr. Hegarty; recitation, "In the Harbor," Mr. Lowis ; "Tho Vagabond," Air. .Ginnery; "All that Glitters is not Gold," Mr. T. Tatham; "I Dream't, My Littlo, Boy, of thee," Miss Bellett. At Coogeo Aquarium on Saturday and yesterday tho special attractions draw an immensely large number of visitors. Tlio trained monkey parachutist, who performed his mid-air tricks, was a great surprise, and the donkeys were inimensoly funny, and seemed to enjoy the fun themselves. ' Then there wns tho toboggan railway, which, it is needless to suy, was patronised to a vory large extent. And besidos all these thoro wore the usual arrangements, 'including all tho hnny tilings that eonio from the sea, besides the over so many other specials that havo come to be identified with this estab lishment, At yesterday's afternoon concort Miss Ttlley balinger was the chief attrac tion, . and other noted artists helped the concoin to a very successful i3sue. . Tlio elifis at Boudi Aquarium still remain ill , tho one plaeo, and are just as attractive as ever, as was fully illustrated oil Saturday. Tho . sharks and seals all came in for a bumper share of praise, and especially did the eccentric .doings of the seals please the people. Tho out-door skating rink, lit the full strength of tho beuutiful sea breeze, has toyer and over again been pronounced bettor than good, and it was a continual sourco of; aniiisouioiit for the youthful portion of the jiopulution, who never tiro of skating. Tho sonsatiomil switchback railway, too, was plying thero.,and back all day, and did a roaring trade. Yesterday afternoon, 's concert passed oil with every success, and; was at tended by -largo .numbers of persons. The- Bond i Aquarium lias inany feat ures of special attraction;, and everybody . that goes out that way is. always, praising its many bean ties and wondcis Tlio fourth grand concert of the prosont season of tlio I'lvrramattu' District Lieder- tafel was given in the local-Town llall; oil Thursday- evening- last;. The platform and- hall were prettily decorated, and tlio concert .was gi\en before a large' and 'fashionable audience. The society was assisted by that taloii ted. young lady, AIiss 1 1' lorn. G rnupnor. (Into ot tlio Italian Opera.Coinpany), Alons. Horaoo Poussard, Air. -J. .'Bedo; and'AIi'.' lil. J; -Alnssey. lntty lneiubors (liieluding tho orchestra) took part in tlio eoneort, under the , ablo conduutorehip ' of Air. Arthur .Alassoy; .Tl;e hist item in l'art I; was litip- 1 pily.ehoson, .it /being thd, overture to that always delightful opera,. 'tAIaritaiia;'' zThe: orchestra played exceedingly well. Mr. II. lelloy, in his .clarionet' solo, " Scenes that, arc brightest, " coining 111 for a. good share of tho applause that greeted the termination of tho, overt nre. . ; .The Licdcrtafel : then gitvo 'Tho Wine,": a: galop, by., Kuntre. '.The picco is a-:; peculiar one, rather dillieult on iioeouiit of. the : broken Utile, 'and in our opinion its rendition was : not up to v the . :Licdortnfcl's usual otniidard. '1 ho .-. performance, - howover, met with ap plause. Mens. Horaoe Poussard then lavored the aiuUonoo with ono of Ills adniirahlo. violin solos, tho thomo hoiiig aira from tho opera of "Martha," tho artist's own arrangement. Tho solo was played in most oxquisito stylo, and at timos, whero required, exhibited .a beautiful' 'delicacy of: touch. He was followed by Miss 1' lora , Graupnor 111 "Dear Bird of Winter" (Gauz). -Her sweet, yet strong, voice, her distinct articulation, lior great tiste and expression, and ' tlib case with which slio gave the thrills uioidoiitiil to the pieeo, all eonihiiieiV to give a treat to tho attdionqei who (lomaudetl an onooro. AIiss (Iraupnet' gracefully yielded and repoatod tlio lust verse. -.Messrs. Jenkins and. (Joutts piiembors of tho Lcidcrtafcl) : then very creditably gavo " Love and A\ ar,"- tho .tvbll-i known duet by Cooke. Mr: -Jenkins, Uio possessor ot a pure, though not powerful tenor, especially enjoying tho : fuuVot :tlie pieeo, .- Tlie . part .song, " Must I TlioiuPart" From Thee i (Otto) was thon givon by ;tho Loidertafol, As may be imagined, it is a; lovo song, and very sentimentally -it was givou by. tho members. -Mr.: J. Bode fol lowed with tlio Cavatma - and Cassollbtto from " Luerezia Borgia " (Doiuzcttc). Alr. Bedo is the happy owner of an oxcoptioifally deep and powerful basu voice, whicli housed to much advantage, putting one in mmd of somo favorito Italian basso i;\ that tragic opera. Ho was loudly encored, and bowed his aoknqwledgiuouts. , The last item m the hrsli part-, was tlio vocal waltz, . " The Sprmg," words , and music by All'. J.; C. Fisher. . Tho wholo strength ot the society . sang in this, without doubt the. most "fak ing and the best rendered of tlio Liedet'' tatol's . efforts in tlio .first .part, ' Tho orchestral part in this was Ijy DQ moans the least. A gomefe solo ivlso being eilootively given, A protty iiooompanimcn t . was sung at tunes by tho'-tenors, and tho wliole pieco went witli a delightful Bwmg. .Part II. was introduced by a inarch, "Triumphal" (Proiit) by tho orchestra,' solos being given on tho cello, clarionet, and fluto by Messrs.. J. H. and A. Tolloy, which "gained' much applause. " Tho Legend of tho Rhino, V a piVi'fc song by Smart, was then given by tho; Liedertafcl with a duo regard to light and sliado domanded by > the words, AIiss Flora Graupnor next mado Iter, woleomo appouvanoe, ami Bitng Cowon'u " It was a Dreani," evldontly a favorite of this young lady's, and winch she lias tended in somo dcgrco to make a favorito also with tho Sydnoy public. It was exquisitely suiig, ;aiul the fair artiste enthusiastically applauded. Slio was ro-called, and bowed her thanks, but the audience wore not to bp denied, and Miss Graupner gave in vesponso, " The Song that Reached My Heart." Air. L, Piovidloek (member of tlio Licdcrtafel) thon sang, very creditably, "Tho Silent March" (Watson), assisted by the other mombeva of the society. Alons. Poussard next gave a violin aolo, " Scotch Carnival," arranged by himself, Ho introduced several woU-kiiowu Scotch airs, notably "The Blue Bells," "Auld Lang Syne," " Duncan Gray," and-" Bonnie Dundee." liis imita tion of tho bagpipes in a Highland reel ,was iiiimitablo, and the terminal lines of his airs wore so grotesque, if wc muy use tlio expres sion, that' laughter prevailed all over the house. Alonu. Poussard received a well- merited encore, and treated his uudionco to a piece, " Wide as tlio Poles Asunder," to his previous oll'ort, tho pathotic " Drotun " (David). Air, J, Bedo again appeared, giving on this oeeasion a song by Limit'. "Out on tho Deop," Air, IJcde's powerful voice was well suited to this song, and an encore was demanded, but daulniod. The Liedertafcl closed tho ooncort by tlio chorus, "Tlio Huntsman " (Weber). It was sung in a lively, spirited way, with accoinpaiiiment by the orchestra, Mr, Arthur Massoy con ducted throughout tlio eonoort with evidently groat euro, and was assisted by his brother, Mr. E. J. Massoy, as accompanist to most of t)io numbers, The last six nights of " On 'Chango" was entered upon by Messrs, Brough and Boueicaults clover comedy company on Saturday night, when a crowded houso was in attendance to sco the Von Moser-Lawronco production. It is almost certain that brisk business will attend tho production " On 'Chango " until Friday ovening next, when it will bo given for the last time. On Saturday evening as fine a cast as the colonies can raise will com- bino to produce worthily Lytton's groat play "Money," and knowing what we do of tho ladies and gentlemen of tho Criterion company nnd of tlio intention of the enterpris ing firm to produce the work witli consistent clogance and completeness, wo can con fidently predict at least a great dramatic triumph. " Romany Ryo " as a source of attraction still holds its own amongst the theatre goers of this city. Wc should think that this piceo will turn out for the management one of the l'ichcBt plums since tho open ing of Her Alajesty's, and, indeed, by cnpablo acting and clabornto staging, tho management has made it one of tho most popular pieces that patrons of that theatre oau rcmombor. Introductions of an intcr- timti to time being made ill tho mechanical effect's, the latest of which is the beautiful prismatic rainbow obtained by limelight during tlio great rain scene. This spectacle alone is/worth tho outlay, and if you would care to sec one of the most beautiful effects of nature reproduced with marvellous fidelity you know just where to speculate. There is a new picco in preparation at this theatre, but nothing definite is ns yet determined ns to its name, nature, and pro bable date of production. It has seldom been our cheerful lot to look round upon so' vast an ussenibiagc in any placa of entertainment as that .which rendered the Exhibition build ing almost uncomfortably full oil Saturday evening, and as wo looked upon the smiling features of Alanager M'Mauoii wo thought how sweet must success be when it crowns the efforts of energy and enterprise. To us, at least, it is no matter for surprise that tlio great structure wns crammed to its fullest capacity on Saturday evening ; indeed, wo look upon the circumstances, as being only just what the show is worth, and not a wlilt more. Search the centres of variety eiitoi'tamment in the old world, and wc doubt if a finer com bination of the kind could he brought to- f ether, m which opinion we uro backed up y Jnnmy himself so wo cannot possibly be far out. It appears to ns that the popu larity of tho Silbon-Stii'k Combination will grow, nnd their fame will spread into every part of this oity until such shall lj tho eagerness of tho . people to see them tint the management will havo to lnro tho wholo park and roof it in. Wo liopo so- John Voltaire's funeral was a very quiot one, but many beautiful lioral tributes wore sent by leading members of. tho profession. Tho late actor has left a 20-year-old daughter, .who is weak of intellect; dwarfed in sizu, and mis-slmpcii ni'figuro. .. . Air. (Toin Craven lias been commissioned by. Mr. Calder -to write a comedy drama for - Miss Patti Rosa; , the popular American. The Era says: "There is a clianco for a i good musical director who wishes to try his fortune beyond the seas, for the National Orchestra Committee of Sydney have em powered Mr. F.H. powen to engage a con ductor in Europe at a salary of £1000 a year." Sydney or Melbourne, -which V : On Saturday, April 27, Henry A. Jones' new play "Wealth "was produced with an exceptionally strong cast. Tho piece was generally well received. . . Air. Augustus Hams' Opera Company has joined torces with- tlio GarbOjiora Com- Euny,. and light opera will now.be earned on y .the amalgamated talent of both com- : panics. - .; Davy James is out on tour, with his old ' success, V Out Boys." , He .-was- to start on Alay 13, anil tho principal tows of England avo included - in - the tour, i David will,- of ooui so,: again establish himself as a connois seur Of " DoSSett.": Air. George Young, a well-known jxro- vincml newspaper man, lias forsaken tlio paths of journalism, and, under tho firm com lotion that ho is an 'actor, has secured an engagement with Mr. Gilbert Tate's Capo Town Company. Alay Ins " ghost" :he reli able and frequent. Thatpartieulai'ly.eleveriburlesquo." Fnnst Up to Date" is still charming Gawty pations, .and the. pioco ' lmB' lately, been sti Oiigthcnod by the addition of now topical songs, duets, dances, drosses; and seency. . A now comedietta fi om the pens of Frod W. Biougbton and Boyle Lawrence, entitled ".Her Own Rival,'? bus been . very favorably received at the Opera Conuquc, ' . Tlio revival on April: l'o of' the:" Silver: King " at tho Princess was aii' imiiionso and unqualified success. ; YY llsou : Barrett ' was,' of course, the "Wilfred, and: AIiss Eastlake, the Nellie Denver. Air. William Bogg, known to tho public , as Walter . Bontley, .took action for libel against tho Belfast News Letter, and got LJ50 damages. . Tho libel complained of was contained: in notices 'written by tho defen dants of 'the plaintiff's acting- as "Romeo " The plaintiff during, cross-examination, said that defendant insisted upon reading to him aplny written by himaolf (tho defendant), and that ho Begg liiub during the- reading fallen sound asleep, - To the 1 circum stance) ho aseribed the:" slating."- - ' ::< 