fDiteratae. BETWIXT THE FORELANDS. By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' t'A Sea Queen/ &C;, &2, (Published by special arrangement with the author] All rights reserved.] Ch ArTER ] X . — (Continued. ) Figure a wet day — a cold wind, a nasty increasing wobble on the face of the river as it broadens, upon which the hoy, close hauled, tumbles stupidly, and thirty holiday-makers down below, most of them sea sick. I have heard old people say that amoEgst the most delected and forlorn ii gores th^y ever remember were pas scngera they have Been stepping ashore at Margate oat of the bowels of a hoy, the hair of the women dishevelled, their dresses is disorder, their bonnets awry, their counte nacceB of a sickly yellow ; men's hats . crushtd, collars limp and broken, cravats and email clothes aa though there had been a free fight in the cabin. It could hardly have been otherwise, Indeed, unless the ?weather was very fine and the gale ihat blew tbe old tub to her port fresh, lasting, and obstinately prosperous. For tae master of the hoy was a man who made nothing cf IiIb ground- tackle. When the wind drew ahead he let go his his anchor, and would lie perhaps for some twenty- four hours in the heart of a Reach, or away down at the Nore, heed lees of the execrations which rose In half, smothered accents through the little companion hatch. Ko ! Yon wanb to live a loss: way off from a veesel of this hiid to find any sort of romance in her liavJgaiioEs. Charles Lamb, to be sure, cclsbr&tes; her memory in one of fche trost agreeable of his essays. It was eiocgb, however, that she should have been a viuithtd though a recent condi tion of life to provoke the affectionate sympathy of Elsa Probably he would Lave found xioihibg to say about her had she been some exquieitely moulded atruc ture, Eosne such choice *nd lovely ex pression of the skill of the shipwright as you may find whlteniisg the waters of the Select in the summer time. But the hoy was old ; she was ugly, slow, homely ; and Lamb's heart yearned when he thought oi her. 'Can I forgot thee. thou old Margate toy,' he cries, ' with thy weather-beaten, sunburnt captain, and his rough accommo dations — ill- exchanged for the foppery and fresh water niceness of the modern steam packet ? To the winds and waves thon committedst thy goodly freightage, and didst ask no aid of magic fumes, and speils, and boiling caldrons. With the gales of heaven thon wentest swimmingly ; or, when it was their pleasure, stood still with sailor like patience. Thy course was natural, not forced, as in a hotbed ; nor didst thou go poisoning the breath of ocean with sulphurous emoke— a great sea chimera, chimneying and furnaclng the deep ; or liker to that fire god parching up Scaniander.' A pity he did not let this stand without that ely reference, so to speak, a Hitle farther on, where, humoronsly grimacing as it were, as he utters himself, he speaks of ' the confinement of thy else (truth to say) not very savory nor very Inviting little cabin.' For my part, I am loafc in wonder when I consider the various ills which the passenger by saa in old days was forced to endure, and' the surprising patience and fortitude which enabled him to sur vive them. We grumble In these days when we discover that one of Charles Lamb's smoke- creating abominations ex ceeds by ten minutes her regulated time for making the pasEage of twenty-eight or thirty miles at a speed of some eighteen knots in the hour. Such tardiness is a gad outiage, not in any degree to be softened to ottr resentment by a glance round as at the luxury of the saloons, the elegarjce of the sleeping cabin, the con veniences of the first-class hotel, nor by consideration of a navigation as safe as a walk from one room to another. But think of the old hoy traveller — one or a parcel of human herrings squeezed into temporary shapelessnes in an interior as delicate for its aromas, as cheerful for its illumination as the rat-haunted fore peak of a wooden sailing ship ! Why, you wDl read of theee hoys sometimes occupy iEg a week in turning down the river and arriving at Margate. There wes always the chance of their being blown into the Downs, to strain for several days at their cable in a seaway too ugly to suffer the passengers to land. Asa set-off to Lamb's dainty drawing let me give you some particulars of the Ioes of a hoy that was wrecked off the Re culvers, February 7, 1802. She was a vessel named the Margate, and was owned m that town. When she sailed for Lon don she was loaded deep with corn, and carried 28 passengers besides a crew of four men. Imagine yourself one of ©Ight-and-twenty passengers on board a craft of, let me say, 30 tons, with so much corn in the hold that the vessel looks as flat as a board upon the water, the weather with an ugly suggestion of equalls in the windward gloom, and the captain moving sulkily about with 'a dull countenance' that ♦'seemed to In dicate a presentiment of the succeeding calamity !' It was at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of a Saturday that this little deep-laden Margate hoy started for the River Thames. She was scarcely under -weigh -when the wind headed her, whereupon the captain let go his anchor within a mile of Margate. The vessel thus lay till 8 o'clock, by which time the tide had slackened, though it still rippled with some weight against the broad, round bowa of the craft. The gloomy master, however, finding that it was 'coming on to blow,' as sailors say, resolved on a fresh start. The wind was dead onshore, rising in moaning gusts, every puff breez ing Dp harder and harder yet. The ? ''? ' ?.'. ' . ?* ' night besides was a black one, and icy cold to boot. It was tack and-tack with the hoy for some time, the vessel plunging heavily upon the bow eea and the passengers below sick and wretched. On a sudden, whilst In stays, she struck just off the Reculvers. Again the anchor was let go, and the tide making she presently rode afloat. Then they weighed afreBh, but in making sail it was now blowing a hard gale of wind— the jlbeheet parted and bhe leeaheet became unhooked. . The master sprang forward to help get the jib in, when plump! she took the ground again, trembling like a jerry - built house to the p&esage; of a huge waggon. In a moment the rudder was unshipped, and then of course the miserable old hoy was unmanageable. They tried to make sail on her to run her ashore, but the un governable tub, rounding broadside to the sea, sank, and every billow rolled over her as if she had been a half-tide rock. The sailors seized a tarpaulin and covered-the hatch that the passengers who filled the cabin below might cot be drowned out of band, but the water speedily found its way In. ' When the cabin was pretty deep John Wood, one of the mariners, drew up a female, but the seas being very heavy he could not keep his hold with one hand In order to assist her with the other ; he therefore grasped with both and let down his foot amoDg the struggling victims, which was presently seized by one of them whose hand he caught hold of, hoping to rescue the almost dying creature from the jaws of death; but the waters swelling higher with every rolling sea he lost his hold, and was obliged to relinquish his generous efforts, and abandon the reBt of the drowning, sufferers to their dismal fate in order to provide for his own safety.' What followed submits such a picture of misery and suffering that it is impos sible to glance at it without rejoicing, in defiance of Charles Lamb's engaging lamentation, over the utter extinction of the hoy as a passenger ship, and the sub stitution of fine iron steamers of hard upon a thousand tons, swift, roomy, of a liberal hospitality, gaily lighted, scornful of most weathers this side the living gale. In a short while the hull was like a great coffin fall of dead people. As sad an incident as may aDy where be found in the annals I notice here in the desperate, wonderful efforts of a man to preserve his wife's life ; how he secured her by his side ; held, and embraced, and comforted her ; how, just as she had cried aloud to him, ' Oh, my dear, what will become of our children?' she was swept by a sea into the blackness over the rail. Twenty three people perished. It is said that the vessel was pumped oat, floated, and navigated to Margate a couple of days after her stranding. She was then sailed to LoDdon to undergo a thorough repair. Was she ever entered on the lists again as a Margate passenger boat, I wonder ? If so, we may take it her owner changed her name, for there were more superstitions current In those days than there are now, aid those interested in her might guess ib would be bard to court people into shipping aboard a craft the atmosphere of whoEe hold was astir with the ghosts of the miserably drowned and whose cabin was as a monument for the perpetuation of one of the most dismal, most sickening, of the memories of this coast. But let the hoy pass on! and make way for another vanished type — this time the fruiter, one of the moat graceful of the creations of the old shipyard, a true ocsan beauiy, as all men who remembsr her In her prime will own — one of the few fabrics that veritably walked the waters like a thing of life. She was punctual In her passage through tha Downs, rarely bringing up, for her busi ness was to thrash through it and oat weather any sort of wind that might cbatce to blow. I have heard of a fruiter *{ ratching ' through the DownB in the teeth of a hard gale, washing along in a smother under storm- reefed canvas, 'boating ship till the broad Atlantic lay under her bow, then rushing it to the Azores, filling up with dried and golden fruit and sweeping home again ; and as she sped through tbe Downs finding the same ehlps at anchor which she had left there when passing on her run out. They had to te swift, those fruiters, they had to carry the fastest heels of any kind of vessels then afloat, or they were worthless. Their business was to load In the main with perishable freights, and If they were to earn money for their owners they could never be tconimblo. The necessity of speed rendered beauty of moulding an obliga tion, and so the fruiter was choice to the eye not for aty kind of ginger-bread glory of gilt or glass, but for her piratical sheer and sweep of hull, for her lofty schooner rig, for the faultless fit and vaBt spread of her canvas. She traded chiefly to the Mediterranean and to the western islands. Steam put an end to her, for speedy as canvas may prove under twenty out of thirty conditions of weather, yet the obstinate unwearying beat of the propeller thrusting the uncouth nose ahead of it into a wind and sea that may be dead on end is bound to win the race. Besides the merit that belongs to her of providing us with oranges, raisins, and the like with a dispatch that steam has not greatly beaten, the fruiter mnat be allowed the distinction of having proved as noble a nursery for seamen as the North Country coaster. It filled a man with just the right tort of dare-devilistn, with just the rash and eager spirit and quality of headloEg intrepidity which go to the cteation of the real deepwater Jack to make a voyage in one of the3e craft — and to the western Islands rather than to the Mediterranean. Nothing was suffered to stop her : her skipper foamed her through a storm that wonld heave a line-of-battle ship to. I was acquainted with a man who had served Eome ysars aboard fruiters from the Mersey and the Thames, and he would tell me that in heavy weather In the Atlantic he has again and again come on deck and scarcely been able to gee the vessel for the froth flying over her, and for the white waters between her rails, as she was urged on wards under Epray - darkened canvas, cleaving the brow of one huge Atlantic billow after another, leaping from' the stagnation of the livid va'ley to the cream ing peak of the liquid acclivity as though she were eome ocean born thing as the seabird Is, day after day passing ship3 heve to, then striking soundings in triumph, and blowing like the shadow of a cloud up the Channel, and round the Forelands to the river t3 her berth at Freshwharf. 