MR. MANSFIELD'S "KING RICHARD III." « . A notable performance indeed I Froin tlio moment tliut lie stepped upon tlio stage, his faco in his cloak to hide it, from. tlio sight of Queen Elizabeth on, lior Royal passage to tlio tower, the Richard .of Mr.. Mansfield (says the Pall Mall Gazette) E reclaimed itself u powerful conception' that y its vory foreo, and consistency held tho audience down to the exciting ond of tho. tragedy on wluch tho curtain toll. '.I. ho now Richard— now not only -in assumption, hut in' many respocts- aml . in a' multitude' of touches now also sin .realisation— fairly boro out his mother's, testimony to his character — . Thy manhood daring, bold, and venturous; . Thy ago confirmed, proud, subtle,, sly, and . bloody. '. -. - . Treacherous, too ; rolontless, superstitious, remorseless, and tyrannical. Such were the dominant characteristics that he set himself to portrayj . relieving tlio shadows by high lights of. wit and Hashes of griin humor. It imiBt .bc admitted that the humor, was set forth with moro than usual sombroiioss, though with a most telling crispncss of manner, and that a certain de jected bearing seemed to hint at times at something of a conscicnco, which, till the approach of death :on .Bosworth Field, did assuredly not trouble him. . Furthermore, while realising all tho evil traits with extra ordinary truthfulness and rcsourco, oven while wooing tho Lady Anno with eager' wit and ardent protestations of loveJ .'M1'- Mans field did not sufficiently emphasise' .the fact that on occasion Richard could .assume all the polish of a gentleman. It is necessary to first point out that the version of tlio play, as wo " forecasted " the other day, is based upon Cumberland's ar rangement of ColloyClbbor's, which itself was a patch work of theoriginalplay, and consider-, able portions of all tlicrth'rco parts of " King' Henry VI.," and much original matter, together with a fow lines from "King. Richard II." This at onoo dissociates entirely Mr. Mansfield's revival from that of Mr. Irving, who, 12 years ago, played un adulterated Richard for tho first time since Mnorcady's restoration of it in 1821. When tho curtain had risen on Mr. Bmeo-Smilh's well-painted and ingenious view . of the Tower, a scene from "Ilcnry VI." was in troduced as a prologue to emphasise tlie character of tho Duko of Glou cester, and it was hero that a forctasto of archrcological display was first given. The crowd, laughing and chattering, assemDleU -to greet tlie tuccn Elizabeth (Miss Mary Rorke), who, attended by her Court, by moii-at-ariiiB, bishop (mag nificently arrayed), fool, and all tlio rest, passed beneath tho frowning archway to tho keep. And then came Richard — his mal formation, save for a small hump on tho shoulder, not insisted on — who spoko his declaration of villainy and revealed his hor rible policy in a way that prepared the audience for tho impressive murder scone of the old King which immediately followed it. It will he seen that tho Clarence episode is entirely removed from tho action. In tho funeral sccno Mr. Mansfield first entered vigorously into the part. Here, on the road to Chortsey (a lovely scene by Mr. T'elbin, with distant but over-near views of Old St. Paul's and the Tower), ho prosecuted his strange wooing of tho Lady Anno before the corpse of Iter husband whom lie has mur dered, and, aided by tho earnestness of Miss Cameron, almost convinced ono of tlio pos sibility of such an incident. Miss Cameron's dignified and graceful hearing and hor- excellent passion stood her in good stead, for the monotony of hor intonation and the strangeness to London ears of her pro nunciation are not a little disconcerting. The wailing scene in which tho Queen Elizabeth and the Duchess of. York mourn for the death of Richard's victims, and wherein tho murderer himself has tho effrontery to join, was productive of good acting, especially on the part of Miss Lcclerq, whoso Duoliess was an excellent hit of the old school manner. Paren thetically, however, she somewhat confused the audience on Saturday night by pointing to Clarenco's children when speaking of Edward's. It is here the plot thickens, and in tho conspiracy between Richard and Buckingham (Mr. Fernandez) the two actors played up to cueli other with skill and telling ellect. The entrance of the two little Pi-inees.in the third act undoubtedly, made one of tlio most successful and loudly 'ap plauded portions of the play, so admirably and intelligently wore tlio parts .played by Miss Bessie Halton and' Miss Isa Bowman — tho former so graceful/ refined, nnd dignified, and tho latter , so bright and natural. From this point onwards, s'avofor tho touching scene in the Tower, where the Indies aro torn from tlie young Princes, all interest centres in Richard. His trapping and sudden condemnation of Hastings, his angling of tho Lord Mayor and tho citizens —the Lord Mayor, by the way, in tlio days of un justifiable tradition, was always played as a. low comedy part — whereby ho obtains a democratic offer of the Crown ; his refusal and subse quent acceptance wore played with groat tact and spirit, and tho scone closed as, being left alone, bo tossed away his prayer-book, whilo a cry of triumph and delight at realised ambition burst forth., from his lips. Then, when ho noxt appears in the presence-chamber, arrayed now in regal robes of great magnificence, and proeoens to plan the deaths of the Princes and ' of his wifo, . lio touches, in our opinion, the liighr, water-mark of his delineation. Subtle and circumspect, lie elaborates liis performance with many a significant touch, his facial "play, being no loss admirable tho while. His quarrel wi'th Buckingham, short and sharp, his later soliloquy— disturbed by his starting at the red light that thostainod glass of the window easts upon his hands — and his final exit, were all of them' well and justly studied, and as such amply appreciated by the public. News of tho movements of the enemy comes fast to Richard as ho stands delayed outside the sanctuary by the storm of chrscs and reproaches hailed upon hiin by Elizabeth and his mother. This is productive of another brisk scene, in a "sot" by which Mr. -Banks may claim to share tho honors with Mr. Telbin. And now wo are on the battlefield, to which so remarkable an amount of' interest is added by tlio oxaol- lonco of the stage arrangements. — 'jvith Richmond and Richard among his knightly attendants, whoso clanking armor gleams in the moonlight'; and with Richard) whose rest is so horribly brokon by the (for onoo, quito ghostly) ghosts of his soveral. victims. This was played with rare power — per haps a . little too much — and finish was added in such touches as tho rapidly- repeated signs of tho cross .-mado on seeing Cutosby,' lest ho, too, should he d spirit who lmd best bo exorcised and laid. Then came tlie filial catastrophe. Richard, desporato, armed cap-a-pio, enacts tho "wonders" Catesby speaks of, occupyingtho bridge and keeping at bay a wholo company of eager soldiers, hacking and slaying, disputing inch by inch as ho retreats, only to return to ciicouhtor tho victorious Richmond. Dospefato and panting, ho lays on to the "sixth Richmond " in real earnest, his adversary contont at first to defend liiinsolf against tho furious onslaught,. At last, Richard loses strength; but, gathering liimsolf, lio easts away his shield, and, using his sword two-handed, makes 0110 lost effort, falters, and falls, Then Richmond runs him through. But all is not yet over. Richard staggers to his foot, and strives to boat down his foe with his mailod fists, receives another thrust, and dies. 