WANDERINGS IN ASIA. By James Campbell. from shanghai to tung- chow. I went on board tliesteamer Wuchang at 11 o'clock at mgbt, as she was supposed to leave Shanghai for Tientsin very early the following morning. It was a night of sweet reflection. The rattle and clatter of a steam winch loading . cargo, the thuds of the cargo itself as it was dropped on the deck, and the peculiar cries of the coolies — for without some curious sing-song no Asiatic seems to be able to work — made a very Bedlam of slcep-murdcring noiss. In the morning we steamed down the Woosung ltiver, entered the broad estuary of the Yang-tse- Kiang, and were soon in the blue ocean north-, wards bound. There are some parts of this coast still so savage or anti-foreign that it would be death to ship- wrecked mariners to be east upon them. Tiie following day we arrived at Chefoo, the favourite watering- place in China' for Europeans. It is the most charming coast town of any I saw, with some hold precipices oh the other side of the bay, and numbers of; very striking islands standing off some distance from the mainland. In the afternoon; we rounded a precipitous cape, and were in the Gulf of Pe-ehi-li, or Pee-chee-lec. Up to this time we had had a fair weather x>assage, but during .the evening a change took place, and between 9 and 11 o'clock wo had what I may term a storm squall. The wind suddenly rose into a gale, the water came tumbling over the forepart of the steamer until at length I thought we were about to exx>eri- enee a typhoon. About 11 o'clock the tumult ceased as suddenly as it had begun, and in a short time we were in comparatively smooth water again. The early morning saw us off the Taku bar. Then I had a new experience. In all my steamer-travelling up to that time— I had been accustomed to get into some harbour, or run alongside some pier, to discharge either pas sengers or cargo, but on this occasion the steamer dropped anchor, and proceeded to un load about half her cargo into barges, rolling and tumbling about meanwhile, in order to so lighten herself as to he able to get over the bar. In about eight hours we were ready, and the "Wuchang went ahead. In a minute or two there cainc the curious grating sound which proclaimed we were on the sand, and the vessel seemed to shiver as she ploughed through it. Sometimes we almost stopped', aud then was great excitement on hoard, for that might mean our lying on the bar for twenty-four hours ; but he mighty power of steam was not to he denied, and slowly but surely we pushed our way ahead until it almost appeared as if with a leap our steamer surmounted the last ridge ofsancl,andwewereinthcfrcewaterof tliePei-no River. The greater part of the gulf of Pe-chi-li is extremely shallow towards the shore, and slopes so gently that as the captain stated it, " You might put on a full head of steam, let every man go to sleep, aud the vessel would run on shore so gradually tliat none of them would be awakened by it." Perhaps there'6 a little trifle of imagination in that statement, but the real meaning of it is that running ashore would mean no danger, except in a storm. Once on the Pei-ho a few minutes brought us opposite the famous Taku Forts. These are said to be im mensely strong now, but the impression left on my mind was that they are still very Chinese. Nevertheless, I take it the days of French and British fleets sailing up the Peiho to land troops for the attack of Pekin are past and gone. The bar at the entrance will stop the ironclads, and modern mines and torpedoes will effectually prevent another naval promenade to Tientsin. At first the Pei-ho is broad and tolerably straight, but it would be impossible to convey t-0 the mind of the reader the character of tlio stream as we progressed onwards. To say it was twisted or tortuous is to use language conveying no adequate idea of the extraordinary contortions of the extraordinary Pei-ho. "What those indiarubber gentlemen who tie themselves into all sorts of amazing knots are among performers is this sinuous, snakv stream among rivers. There are iilso manifold sandbanks ana spits to he avoided, and sudden currents to be wrestled with, so that nearly every time a steamer goes up or down she either slices off a bit of one of the villages which crowd on the hanks, and has to pay damages, or runs on a sandbank and lies there, occasionally a couple of days at a time, lashing and churning with her screw until she wriggles off somehow. Now and then a junk is cut down and has to be paid for, eo that it can easily he understood with what feelings the average captain regards the Pei-ho. The troubles of the soft-spoken navigators, however, came to an end, and at last we reached Tient sin — one of the dreariest places, I should imagine, in the Chinese empire. Flat, unin teresting — the European j>art tame and common place, the Chinese part unusually dirty and squalid — it is one of the last xilaces in China I would desire to live in. Yet— so wonderfully is this world full of compensations — they told me Tientsin is one of the liveliest places in the north of China for "society," especially during the winter months. I hope it is so, and that the good people there are not deluding themselves or their visitors. They deserve, many joys to make up for their most unpictur- esque and dreary town. About a fortnight before I arrived there had ' been great excitement among the Chinese on account of some ridiculous story being circu lated about the French missionaries having kid napped a child, and it was feared for a time that there was a possibility of a renewal of tbe rioting which took place a few years ago when the Catholic Cathedral was destroyed and a number of priests and nuns murdered — an episode still known as the Tientsin massacre. There was a very uncomfortable feeling existing in the minds of the Europeans, and it is astonishing how quickly the contagion of this semi-panic can spread. All fears proved to he groundless, hut they were entirely natural. The ruins of the Catholic cathedral stand at the end of the town — a grim memorial of the past and a frowning reminder for the future. The people who have lived in these parts for years get to be both careless and callous about these alarms, and in a sense to lose their sense of due proportion as to danger. The new arrival, on the other hand, may think far too much of rumours and excitements, until, after a while, he also gets case-hardened. It is well that it is so, for otherwise life would he intolerable. Tientsin is proud, or should be, in the pos session of one of the ablest edited journals in China, the Chinese Times . It is a small paper, but of great literary merit, and performs the very useful function, among other things, of translating the contents of the Pekin official journal in which are published the ordinances and State papers of the Government. I read with the greatest interest the memorial of Li-Hung-CIiang, in which be set forth the reasons why the railway from Taku to Pekin ought to be constructed. Many were given, but the chief one wa? the necessity of a railway in case of war. Six months later ou, I met a young English engineer going out to take part m the construction of the flue, and the works were actually commenced. Since then I saw the works had been stopped, and I have not seen yet whether they were recommenced. But it matters little whether they have been stopped because of the triumph of tho anti-foreign party, or from want of funds, or in deference to popular feelings or superstitions. China cannot hold back, and will be pushed on, if she does'not willingly walk on, in the ways of modern progress. It is curious to reflect upon, hut the chief obstacle to railways in China at present is the feeliugofprofoundroverenceforthe ancestral graves. It helps me a little to understand the Chinaman's frame of mind on this subject when I remember my own horror somo years ago at seeing one of the English railways running right through a churchyard. It ap peared to me a frightful desecration, and with me it was a mere sentiment. How much stronger must it ho to the Chinese mind when it is not only a matter of sentiment but a matter of "religion. The average Chinaman regards the desecration of the graves of the dead as something horrible in itself, aud (which may he even a stronger feeling) as certain to let loose the ghosts of the disturbed dead, who will wreak vengeance upon him. But I fancy modem ideas have made great way among the en lightened men at Pekin. Many of them have travelled in Europe, aud have tasted the joys of first-class carriages, so that it will be "sur prising if they cannot find some ingenious theory to explain away the ghost difficulty. Even such artless, high-minded, and Christian people as we are have occasionally to hold a candle to liis Satanic majesty, and it will he wonderful indeed if tho wily and heathen Chiuee does not better our example when necessity compels. The introduction of the telegraph was resisted at first on account of its sux>x>oscd interference with the Fung-shui — that singular superstition to which I referred in a previous paper — and when I was iu Pekin news caine that the inhabitants of a portion of the country about 700 miles south-west of Pekin had opposed the making of the line and torn down the poles. The Chinese Government sent troops into the district, and argued the question in that convincing fashion. Official opposition to the telegraph has practically ceased, and there are. now 3,089 mile's of line throughout China, connecting the great cities with Pekin and the coast. What makes the opposition to the railway from Tientsin to Pekin more remark able is that there already is a small line from Petang via Taku to Tientsin, altogether about eighty-six miles. The grave difficulty must have "been overcome in this line, for all North China resembles a great grave-yard, and it will .be only a matter of time till the safie difficul ties are overcome, not only m getting to Pekin. hut in all the great provinces of the empire. China will then, with railways, steamers, and tiie telegraph, have fairly taken possession of the material benefits of western civilisation and grafted them on to her own form of civilisation. Will the result he so gloriously beneficial as we Europeans placidly assume? Tho Chinese Go vernment will he stronger then to put down rebellions thau ever it has been, for it will lie able to send troops swiftly to any point of disturbance. It will he able to cope with famine better, and so keep more Chinamen alive. The task of colonisation will become; easier in the sparsely -peopled part3 of the empire, and so the vast numbers of the iii-esent will ho added to. If it is needed to move troops quickly to the seaboard to defend tlie country against the invading fleets of Europe, that can then bo quickly done. In a. word, railways will make China-; immensely powerful for -defence, will thicken her already dense population, and; make her ihuch more of a menace to other nations tliaii she is now. Early on a Monday morning I left Tientsin for Pekin. The distance by road is eighty- eight miles, and by the Pei-ho 'River and Tung- chow . 160 miles. There are three ways of travelling — on horseback, by which thq distance can be covered in a couple of days, though-some claim to have done it in one day; by cart taking two days, aud by water said to take two and a half or three days. I like a ride occasionally, not too far, and not too hard. I dismissed, therefore, all thoughts; of riding, and a mere glance at the siiringless carts was sufficiently convincing to settle that question. I arranged for the Custom house boat, and duly started, having with me a Chinese " bov " as guide, inteiqircter, and cook. " Boy is tlie generic term all over the -East for a servant, and its ab surdity may be seen in the fact that my hoy in India was nearly old enough to be my father, and this hoy now accompanying me to PeMn stood ovcr.Gft., and was without exception the finest specimen of Chinese manhood I ever put my eyes upon. His virtues, however, ended with his physique, hut I will not pour out my grievances, as I rzgard details about guides :is very small beer to chronicle. Much as I had been impressed with the river boats and junks of other parts of China, all I had seen before seemed trivial, as compared with tlie vast aggregation of junks at Tientsin. The junks from the south, bringing the rice tribute, were up in large numbers, and the result was a most remarkable spectacle. For a distance, I should suppose, of between two and three miles tho river was literally covered with junks, with only a narrow passage between. In tlie dis tance the long, twisting line of masts gave a very singular effect. We poled and towed our way past the junks by slow degrees, and I admired the stall the men showed in getting their tow-line away from all sorts of obstacles. Tho junks were lying sometimes six deep from the bank on the one side and twelve "deep on the other. Every kind and sample of jirnk was to be seen; square-stemmed, high- pooped, low-bellied, one mast, five masts— -queer- shaped naval monstrosities, in a word, of every sort and condition. About midday we got beyond the junks, and were in the open waters of the river. It was a notable experience, but I was destined to another almost equally notable. The wind had been getting up, but in the shelter of the junks we had not felt it. Nclw that we got out more into the open, we discovered a whole gale of wind was blowing. It grew stronger and stronger until it broke our tow-lines, and no further progress could be made. Then I witnessed a North China dust storm, and it was a dust storm in very truth. The fiercest Melbourne hrickfielder that ever Wow is iusignificant compared with the dense clouds of matter which blew along those Tientsin plains, accompanied by a bitter, piercing cold wind. Our boathouse lay to, and by had luck right up against one of the worst garbage heaps on the river. I am not much troubled about fevers and diseases, aiid" so I closed my windows, got a fire lighted, and made, myself as comfortable as the circumstances would permit, although the smells were some times of great strength. The gale lasted all that afternoon aud night, hut in the early morning of next day we got away. I need not' enter into details of the ! ourncy ; suffice it to say that it took four days to get to Tung Chow, so much were we bothered with head winds and getting aground owing to the shallowness of the river. The country as a whole seemed fertile ; but there were sandy portions here aud there of very desert-like appearance. One of the standing jokeaof the journey was to see the towline break and the coolies, who were pulling it, go promptly on their faces. The men ou board always laughed joyously at the spectacle ; but, as the rope broke frequently; the laughs were turn and turn about. At last, as the evening of the fourth day was drawing on, the immense pagoda of the city of Tung Chow rose in sight, and in about a couple of hours we were moored to the bank among a large number of other house boats. It was anything but delectable company, and I had an unquiet night owing to tbe noises round about me. In the morning I engaged a cart and started for Pekin, a distance of about eleven miles by road. . 