Penrith Wcslcyan Church. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. This week having been fixed upon for the hold ing. of one of the most interesting events of the year in connection with the "Weslcyan Church at Penrith, the anniversary of the Sunday School, of which Messrs. W. Crossman and Field are Superin tendents, and at which there are 12 teacherf and 98 the scholasrusual special sermons were announced to bedeli vered, 011 Sunday morning and evening, by th° .Rev. Charles Jones, of Sydney, but owing to the serious illness of his wife preventing this minister from being present his place was filled by an excel lent substitute in the Hev. W. JI.iBeale of Sydney.. At each service the teachers and scholars with tli Superintendent were present in full force at the head of the church the remainder of which wnswel^ filled by parents and others. In the afternoon th children were examined in portions of Scripture and on Monday niglit a meeting was held, collec (_ions being taken for the School Fund on each occasion the amounts conWbnted. being ns follows . Sunday morniug £2 4s Id, afternoon £1 5s, even ing £1 -Is 5d, Monday's meeting £1' 12s 7d or £G Gs Id altogether, which is a liitle more than last year. The anniversary pleasingly terminated on Wednesday by a treat in Penrith, the propsed ex cursion to Parramatta Park being given up conse qucnce of the rainfall. For the SUNDAY MOKNING SERMON The Kev. Mr. Bcale, after having pointed out that the Sunday School was the cheapest institution they had/arid when they considered what the cost was and how much came back to them in prizes they would bo astonished, selected for his text John IX -I-'. I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day, the night cometli, when no man can work," on which ho founded an oloquent sermon characterised by clearness \ of delivery. There were, commenced the preacher, two liglits in which they might regard that utterance of Christ's. They might take it as expressing a sense of the ob- I ligation which He felt resting upon Him to tlo with courage and at oDce the work for which Hp had been designated in tlje Divine purpose and they might take it as enunciating si principle for the direction of Christian life and of Christian work in all ages for all His followers, Looking at thowords that morning in so far that they contained a direct ing principle of Christian activity and work they | would see that they indicated to them that they had a work to do, that there was a time, a day in which that work must be done, that there would come a time when if their work were not done it must remain undone for ever. No one, he thought, would follow tho life of Christ without feeling that an idle, inactive Christian was an incongruity, that a mail mistook entirely all the precepts and ex amples of the Gospel who supposed that' lie could be a Christian and have 110 work to do. If they took the life of Christ they would sec that some of the most striking utterances of Itislifc turned on that parlicular as|iect of it; and His Inst words on Calvary had reference to that great life work of His It is finished" What was their work / First in order and importance must be placed tho work of one's own personal salvation. Only when a man hud himself been delivered from the bondage of sin coulil he feel 1111 interest in lending others into thu light of God's favor. The first thought oE the ship, wreckcd mariners of Samoa was to save themselves but having done this they then rendered help to rcscue others. Only those who had learnt those lessons under the' teaching of Hi3 spirit could con vey them to others.' There were DO doubt those en. gaged in Church work and in Sabbatli Schools who had not the joy of Christ in their hearts, but with out being disciples of Christ themselves they hadn't the qualifications by which they could win others to Christ. They were not to look abroad for work but find it at their hand, in their own circle. Agreat deal of good work was spoilt by its motive, which should be love to Christ. As parents and teachere they needed to learn the lesson that labor for the Lord would not be in vain. They wanted to be lieve in the certainty of the growth oE spiritual seed. In the consecration of their own life to God's service was the reward for what they did. They should remember that Christ said " Inasmuch as ye di 1 it unto the least of my brethren ye did it unto me." SUNDAY EVENING SERMON. Mr. Bealc's evening texts were Ehpesians IV. 30 " Grieve not the holy spirit of God " and 1 Thessalon iansV. 10-" Quench not the spirit."-Ho said that the fact that the Holy Ghost could bo grieved by any thing they did or neglected to do shewed ihem how intimately He identified Himself with all the best interests of their life. They sometimes regarded a display of feeling as being in itself somewhat dero gatory to their greatness but there they had God, who is completeness and perfection iu Himself, des cribed as feeling and feeling .vhat Hiey understood as grief and on account of some work they did or left undone. What wore auy of them to God that he sjjould feel about them l He was grieved or gratftied by their characters, their actions and their relationship to Him. In human relationship tho measure of their feelings towards each other corre sponded with their relationship towards each other. As tho circle of their relationship was remote so their feeling was correspondingly feeble. If they were to hear the next day that the Emperor of China had lost liis lieacl it wouldn't concern them halE so much as that their brother's child had lost the joint of its small finger. The fact that God was grieved for them shewed He identified them with His interests. God cared for them and because He cared for them Ho grieved for them. It would be by spiritual offences the Holy Spirit would be grieved, The outer life was not always tho true index to the inner life. They might be good for considarations which wore a grief to God. The high ideal of Christ was when tho outer life corre sponed with the inner and the latter was swayed by the will of God. If God was a Holy Spirit it would be by unholiness He would bo grieved, henc« the appeal .' He ye holy for I am holy." 'i'lie ad monition ofjthe apostle " Quench not the spirit" in dicated that it was possible for a man to divorce himself from spiritual influence and put out the last spark of fire within him that would save him, to quench the light and life and glow of the Spirit's influence within. That was not done in a single act or because they had outwoaried His patience and love or reached some point at which He ar bitrarily decreed to withdraw His Spirit's aid. It was the consummation of a longer or shorter serie3 of. acts by which a man destroyed his spiritual re ceptivity, the moral principle was blunted and tho spirit was quenched. Let them not quench the (spirit of God, nor silencc the spirit which prompted them to acts of sacrifice and unselfishness. MONDAY'S MEETING. The building was filled on Monday evening, when after the proceedings hnd been opened by prayer and singing, Mr. Crossman was voted to the chair, being supported on the platform by the Revs. Geo. Brown and J. Phillips, Mr, Clouston, who was announced to give an address, not being able to be present, and Mr. R. Stuart. After some opening remarks by the Chairman and another hymn had been, sung, The Eev. Geo. Brown gave an interesting and stirring address which was listened to with rapt attention. It gave him, he commenced, very great pleasure indeed to be present with them again on the occasion of their, anniversary or rather ho should say on the occasion of the anniversary of the children. He had very little sympathy with any person who didn't love children. If he ever heard of such a man or woman he always tried to remem ber them and give them a wide berth. He loved . thom nnd ,\vns exceedingly clad t.n V>a *Wa »rHb them on that occasion that evening, even if it only were for the encouragement of the Sunday School teachers and scholars, and when ho said tho en couragement of tho Sunday School teachers ho should never encourago them by flattery. They would always consider that the best encouragement to give them would lie a low hints on their teach ing in their holy work in which they were engaged. The siiperintendarit had mentioned that not one of their Sunday School children had boon called into eternity during the pa-.t year. This must be a sourcc of -graLificitiuu not only to him and tho teachers but to the parents.. He thought of some cm^ty seats he knew in his . parish which a few mowths ago were filled by dear little ones whom their parents lovbd better than life, but He took them. The Chairman also mentioned that if it wore put to any of tho pnrenls which of his children he cotild spare he would have to admit that ho couldn't spare any. Now a word of encouragement to Sunday school teachers. Hp never wearied of things that tended for his and their mutual en couragement. He said his and their mutual en- ' qouragement because he considered himself a Sun day School teacher and rather and old one too. He would be almost afraid to say how many years ago it was when he first became a Sunday School teacher but ho was willing to make this statement, that he would be a Sunday School teacher till ho died. As his dear brother Clonstiu was not there they would excuse him if he should take a few minutes more than he otherwise ought to lake. Ho had a little boy only six years of age, The previous Thursday ho went to see the little one. Ho would there say to Sunday School teachers let ther teaoh be simple. The little fellow had been unwell and tho lady with whom ho had been staying, seeing ho couldntslecp took theirgrand old book tho Bible-some might take a trashy tale book-she took the Bible, which was the only book they wanted. They might say she must be a strange one. Thank Godl she was a strange one and she was strange in the right way. She read about Adam and'Eve. lhat little boy told him he was'siok arid Mrs. So-and-so read that story about Adam and Eve and if they hadn't taken the apple they wouldnever have hadany £ain. It vrassin, she told him,that brought the pain, et them bo simple in their teaching and also com prehensive and progressive. Progression was tlio rule of life. If they had a boy or, girl always in the lowest class that child was dead to knowledge. They should always help the children on. Unless they were growing they were no ornament to the kingdom of Christ. When he was a boy his father used to take him to Lands End in England, where tho rocks stood boldv out and the whole force of tho Western Ocean dashed against them nud in many cnses it had made large caves, similar to what they might find round Manly beach. Ho liked to see that because it told him thare was power behind the waves. He liked to see the storm, to hear the rolling thunder and- see the flashing lightning because it told him there was power be: hind, which was the refuge of his strength. It wai the eternal God behind all." '.Some people might ask whether by his presence there he was not' en pouraging Dissent. He didn't know what it meant. Supposing they had a first class bass voice in their choir, would it lessen it"? would it not add to it! Well, he took it that q.11 the armies of the living God added power and beauty to the whole. They were all working together in one glorious cause for tho Redeemer King, and he was ?willing as far as he could to render every help. There were people at work trying to add a number of drinking houses and if tliey had a meeting' there that night and tho Emperor of Russia was coming to take the chair and asked him to come in ho wouldn't. Ho sup. ported them not because tboy worked but because they worked for good, whioh was the salvation o£ souls. Don't let Sunday School teachers try to teach their children on hearsay evidence, nor on written evidence, but on that from living witnesses and that they must have if they wnnted to teach their children. They must know Christ before they could teach Him. The speaker^concluded his ad dress with a story to the cifect that in his native county of Essex, a farmer offered boys so much for catching spairows, which many did, but one boy was unable to catch any. He, however, climbed a troe and took a nest with young ones in and the farmer paid him double because he caught the birds before they had dona any harm. Let the teaehar. catch the children before they did any harm and their master would then give them double. The following programme was then commcnced by the scholars : Recitation by Miss Edith Aubery; Recitation by Master Harold Price ; Chorus by the Choir, Forgive and Forget; liecitation by Master Aubery; Kecitation by Miss Autiie Crossman; Duet by Misses Randall and J. Smith ; llecitation by Miss Kdith Aubery; Recitation by Master Aubery ; Becitation by Miss Matilda Haynes; Chorus, " Tis Well With the Righteous." All the contributions were received with applause, and most of them reflected great praise on the reciters, those by Master Aubury being encored causing much amusement and yet pointing a good moral. During singing by the choir a collection was taken, the plates being banded round by young ladies. Hiss Bessie Grossman presided at the organ. In the midst of the entertainmant Mr. R. Stuart was called on to speak and said he was not engaged in Sunday School work though if he had his wish he would rather be engaged in it than any other, but he had been otherwise engaged and, as the recitation they had heard said, they should not do things by halves. They couldn't do their work and teaching too. All they required was a fine day on the Wednesday. He didn't think that Sabbath School nights were teachers, or parents, nights but chillron's night, although that they should have one or two speakers was right, bo he wouldn't take up the time of the meeting. All he would say to the teachere was that they should still go on in that work and might God bless their labours and might they result in tho salvation of tbe souls of those children in their charge. (Applase). The programme having been gone through, the Row Jos. Phillips 1030 and excused himself from delivering an nddres3 but he said a few words re ferring to the love Christ had for children, after which prizes were distributed, books being wisely given instead of toys as formerly, to everyone of the 98 children, shortly after which the proceedings were brought to a close. WEDNESDAY'S TREAT. Tuesday night being a bright moonlight one nnd apparently giving every promise of fine weather on tho following day, much disappointment was felt by the children on rising early the next morning, some being up as soon asM o'clock, to find rain falling, and so hopes of holding the picnic at Parramatta Park were given up, this stem fact being announced by bell and lung-power throughout the town. The treat, however, was happily not entirely abandoned for the Bev. Geo. Brown, hearing of tho decision arrived at, very kindly and thoughtfully sent word that tbe Church of England schoolroom and grounds were at the disposal of the Wesleyan School, and the offer was gratefully accepted. Accordingly about 11 o'clock, after this fact had also been made known, tho children and teachers commenced to wend their way to the C.E. School, and the number cf visitors increased until there were in all about 150 present besides children. At intervals refresh ments, good in quality and abundant in quantity, were served out to the young ones by the teachers, who were very solicitous for their comfort and happiness, well-laden tables being also provided for visitors. Tho catering was entrusted to Mr. Smith, of High- street. The children variously amused and enjoyed themselves, a number of toys being distributed to them by Mr. D. J./"Worboys and another gentlemen, returning home well con tented with their treat and almost oblivious of their morning's disappointment-thanks to Mr. Brown. To wind up the day a party of about 20 was held at night at the residence of the Superintendent, Mr. Crossman, in Henry-street, whero a vory pleas ant evening was spent in indulging in a number of games, the principal and most mirth-provoking being that known as " post-man's knock,". Before leaving refreshments were provided by Mrs. Cross man, and so, notwithstanding the rain, the old maxim was borne out that "all's well that ends well." 