SOME' ONE ELSE. (A STORIT BY B. M. (ROKER.) CHAPTER ~X.?LIII.— Continued, SEEING IS BELIEVING. . Miles glanced indifferently over in the direction indicated and beheld a tall, hand some young sergeant of Lancers, who was evidently making a brave struggle to keep his feelings well in hand, and a girl with her back towards him, leaning on his arm in a' perfect abandon of grief. The lancer appeared to' be trying to soothe and comfort her with but little 'success. Every now and then she kept shaking her head in a hopeless and despairing manner. ' She looks like a lady,' said Major Vore, speculatively ; ahd I would not wonder if she '11 a pretty girl into the bargain.' 'It's rather a shame to watch them,' re turned Miles, ' and hard lines that they hara to say good-bye to one another at all — poor girl.' ''A fellow feeling makes us wondrous tind,' ' quoted the other with a laugh. There was a time, old chap, when you would have called them a pair of fools.' 'Ah II ? ' Whatever else he was going to say remained frozen on his lips, for the girl ^bad suddenly turned her face towards them. He could see it plainly now, and one glance at those familiar features was enough. It was. the ftwee of the girl who was to be bis ^wife the day but one following — the face of his cousin, Haidee Bralmzon. Haidee' pale and distracted, her eyes swelled with crying, bat still Haidee. / And . he also recognized Miss Jane's own maid, Mrs. Eliza Flack, pacing up and down, at a discreet distance. — In one instantaneous Scorching flash, everything was revealed to his mind, everything accounted for now. The aieetihg at the gate, the photograph, Haidee's unaccountable interest in this particular regi ment, and all Miss Jane's solemn assevera tions were lies, ghe and her niece were partners In a:league antl covenant to deceive and delude bini. In an instant this had passed like fire through Ilia hrain ? hp. Pp ! h na if lip was rrni-n -r to choke, and dizzy with rage and bewilder- . .ment, and for a moment the dockyard and sky seemed to reel before him, but he clutched the bulwarks with a vice-like grasp, and nerved faimself ' to look' once more ; as he gazed with livid face and dilated eyes he compre hended that the hour . of parting had come. Haidee flung her arms round the sergeant's neck and kissed him and clung to him in a wild abandon of despair, and as if she would never 'release him ; and he, Miles Brabo 2:011, was looking on quite sane, quite in bis right mind. . It was no delusion, no dream. At last the lancer, who seemed a good deal moved, beckoned to Flack to approach and take charge of ber young lady, and Haidee made no resistance, but allowed herself to be led away towards a fly, that waB evidently waiting for them, at a short distance. But then she turned and looked back — it was fatal — he was doing the same ; in a second she had rushed to him and clasped him once more in an ? agonising embrace. 'Finally, with an heroic effort, she motioned him to leave' her, and' with her face buried in her. hands was instantly seized upon by Flack, who, taking her .arm in a peremptory manner, and shaking her head very expressively, led her young charge away, sfiemingly bowed down to the very earth with grief. The whole scene had a horrible fascination for Miles ; not a look, not'a gesture, had escaped him ; and now that -it was all over, now that his betrothed had passed weeping from his sight, he turned his ?whole attention to her late companion, who was coming up the gangway — pule indeed, but riot so pale as the man on the poop above him, who was literally devouring him with a pair of dark glowing eyes. 'j Tell me,' he said to Major Verr, as he pulied him by the sleeve, who is that fellow of yours ceming on board now — there, the tall sergeant ?' pointing with unsteady finger, and speaking in a voice that sounded strange and far awaj, even to himself. ' Oh, . that !' returned the other briskly, ' that chap is our young sprig of nobility, as some will have it ; anyway, be goes by the name of Lord Brown, or Gentleman Brown; looks frightfully down in the mouth too, poor devil ! Did you see. the girl ? Hullo, Braba . zonj' what ails you, old chap?' suddenly look ing, .round at his friend, and struck by his altered appearance, his drawn and ghastly face. ' Come along down and have a whiskyand soda or something below ; you look awfully seedy — 'pon my honor you do !' ' It's nothing,' said the other impatiently ; ?'it will go off directly,. don't mind me. A^— a ' ? gentleman, you said,' recurring to Lord Brown ; ' a gentleman 1' 'Yes, oh, yes, and a very smart fellow. -Safe to get his commission in a few months ; the girl was evidently in his own rank of life ; came down to say good-bye under the rose. Isaw her at the station, was struck by her at once,, awfully pretty, and looked quite frightened among all the soldiers. Never saw a troop train before, I'll swear. I've a notion I've seen her somewhere ; I wish I could remember when, but I can't,' throwing back bis head, and half closing his eyes, ' but where? Oh, by George,' ' becoming scarlet, ' I know,' aB it flashed into his mind that he had seen the young lady at Sandborough ball, where sho had been pointed out as Brabazon's fiancee. ' Brabazon, old fellow, what can I say to you ?' surveying. him with ft horror-struck expression, ' I see it all ! No wonder, you look queer. Come along down,' seizing him firmly by the arm, ' you must have a brandy-and-soda,' he urged impera tively. '? : ' . ' No, no,' stepping back, ' I don't want it, I tell you, and I must be going.' 'Then what can 1 do for you ?' anxiously. ' Say. nothing about what you have seen,' returned his companion j ' keep your own counsel, that's all you can do for me. And now I must be off; say good-by to Berkeley for mo,' wringing his hand; ' and don't keep^ me,' in answer to the other's expressive face.' ' I must go,' once more shaking hands, and then hurrying blindly, headlong, down tho °a'eWhat ails that fellow Brabazon, demanded \- a brother officer of Major Vere's ; ' he looks rum, to say the least of it. ? He is going to be married the day after to-morrow, and even for a chap in such' a critical position,^ he looks out of the way queer I He's not a little mad, eh ? not got a slate oil?' . 'Oh, no, no,' returned the other, . nnpa tiently, his eyes following a hansom flying out of the dockyard. Q' I hope to Heaven lie is not going to murder hor,' is what I10 remarked, to himself, but aloud I10 merely replied), '''. It's that beastly Burmese climate ; Brabazon has been there for years, and it always plays old ? gooseberry with everyone.' 'Burmeso climate!' echoed the other, with a loud laugh. ' Theso attacks must come on suddenly 1 He looked as fit ns a fiddle half an hour ago, when he was overhauling riiy charger. — He gave 1110 . the impression of a man who had hud a regular floorer, in the way of bad news, or seen a ghost !' 'A ghost be hanged ?' was all Major Vere replied, as.he abruptly went below and pulled hinisolf torrnthnr with I, he hrp. which lie had vainly prescribed for his lato companion. Miles was perfectly indifferent as to what any 0110 thought of him, as he hailed a hansom, and told the driver to ' go like mad to tho railway station.' He might just catch Haidee, and two words were better than twenty letters. Thank goodness his eyes had been opened in timo — it was not too late — he was not mar ried yet! The express was about to start, the engine was emitting great clouds of white steam, the platform was crowded, as, pitching tho driver a sovereign (poor crazy gentleman ! that driver thinks affectionately to this day !) he dashed into the station, and looked into one carriage, another, r.nd another. Ah ! here she was at last I close to the door with her back to the engine, her handkerchief to her eyes, actually crying still ; Flack, in 'an opposite corner, holding herself ostentatiously aloof from her broken-hearted companion and revelling in the contemplation of flaming and gorgeous advertisements, of ships, and turnips, and furniture. ' Miles 1' gasped Haidee, in a tone of dis may, as her cousin flung the carriage door violently open, and stood before lier astonished gaze. 'Yes, Miles!' he echoed, in a voice she was unacquainted with, bitter sarcasm1 struggling with some potent emotion. ' An' unexpceted/-tes!{)-e, is it not?' (To be continued). The Cambewarra butter factory was opened on Saturday. An influenza epidemic is rapidly spreading over Europe. Robert Browning, poet and dramatist, died at Venice last week, aged' 77. Neil Matterson has accepted M'Lean's challenge to row for £200 aside. In political circles in England, Sir Henry Parkes' views on federation are well 'received. Mr. J. Deeble, the well-known sport, offers to give a purse of £200 with a sweep of 50 sovs. each, open to the world, to be rowed on the Parramatta River, the' winner to take the championship. Haitian has not yet lost all confidence in himself, for he again bobs up serenely and challenges to row any man in the world,- on the Thames, for the championship. A vigilance committee in Wyoming Terri tory have captured a camp of outlaws for whom they were in search, and 11 of the dpsperadoes were lynched on the spot. The Milton people have decided to ask their member, Mr. Morton, to interview the Minister for Works and urge the desirability of a trial survey being made for a continuation of the railway from Jotvis Bay to TJlladulla. Searle's remains arrived at the Clarence on Monday morning, and were interred in the cemetery at Maclean. Over 2000 persons marched ' in' the procession. The funeral service was conducted by Archdeacon Green way. The Oddfellows also read their service. A man named Montgomery, who had been paying attention to. a domestic named Rosetta Rush, at 0' pton's Hotel, Willow Tree, near Quirindi, on Sunday shot the girl dead, and' then shot himself through the head. Death followed within two hours. A letter was found indicating that deceased would murder the girl if she did not marry him. Owners or persons keeping sheep, horses, and cattle (whatever the number may be) are reminded that, under the Pastures and Stock Protection Acts, they are required to make a return of the same during the month of December to the Inspector of Stock 'for 'the district in which they reside, arid that failure to do so will render them liable to a penalty of £20. The N.S.W. Alliance for the suppression of jmtemperance, publish ajsheet showing 'how money is|spent.'' It is the drink bill of N.S.W for 18S8 (the Centennial year) compared in column form, . with sums spent in leading articles of daily use in tho colony. The Rev; F. B. Boyce is the compiler of the list, which is adduced from state statistics. Intoxicating drinks get a terrible cxi-ose, being represented by a mournful looking column standing high above its neighbors. State education 'is the smallest column in the list. The recent sales of Victorian butter in the London market are regarded as highly satis factory by the Department of Agriculture, and it is believed that ah important industry has been- initiated, which may grow into some thing considerable in the near future. The last shipment for the present season will be made on January 3, when the total quantity exported will have been 450 tons, representing between £25,000 and £30,000 in value. The success of the project is ascribed to the estab lishment of co-operative butter factories, of which there are now over a dozen in the sister colony. The Railway Commissioners have (says the Herald) accepted tenders for the supply of. coal for tlie onsuing year. They propose to make use of the opening of the Illawarra line to draw a portion oi their coal requirements from the Southern mines, a considerable quan tity being taken from the Metropolitan Goal Company. The Litbgow mines will, as in former years, be called upon to supply a large quantity, the principal quantities being taken from the Lithgow Valley, Eskbank, Vale of Clwydd, and Lithgow mines. Is is estimated that the coal from the Lithgow Valley and Eskbank mines will not cost motre than 3s lOd per ton at tho pit's mouth, the price being one of the lowest that has ever come under observation. Tho Mittagong district will supply a portion of the Southern lines, the Mittagong Coal Company having secured a fair contract. On the Northern lines the contracts will be divided between the Waratah Coal Company, Singleton Goal Company, and the Centenary Coal Company at Curlewis, a mine which has been recently opened. The quanti ties of coul being in each case large, a good deal of work is assured to tho many coal-minerss for some months. 