Theatrical Topics. ?Svdnev.— The Drily ' Teleqra^i, of tho . 1st inatant says : ' The Gloss of Fashiou' at tho .Criterion Theatre on Saturday night again dro'w a crowdorl house ond Mr:'Syduey Gruudjr's sparkling comedy wna received with tho Huooesa ! which it deaorvod. Tho pieco wont woll: from start to finiBh. Theru ia to be a revival, for bix nights, of JamoB Albory's comedy, 'The Two Kosos.' ' ? ? ' Madamo Midaa ' again held her sway'ovor tho visitors to Her Majesty's Thoatro on Satur day night. Thero was a good houao, and tho pieco went smoothly throughout. — Mc.Charloa Warner has dene well to play onoeniorntho character Coupeau in ' Drink,' upon which i his reputation as a groit artint^ is based; and tho attondanooat-tho Thoatro Royal on SUur day witnoasod the popularity of tho'revival. ' -MELBOtfENB.— ThoMolbonrno^ivitos of March 30 says: !'Kichard IIXl'1 has proved a great attraction to thpiitregoers during the woeV, the Opera House havinpr been attended nightly : by'birgo audiences. Mr.' Geo. 0. Miln, as an exponent of tho oriiol and orafty Duko of Glouoester, has. aohievod great popularity, and the continued performance of the play is announced. Tho final performance) of ' 'ErinimV ' was given at tho Princess's Theatre last ovoa in'g. ? To- night 'Tho Piratw of Pen zanco' -will be revived, and 'Charity BeginB at Homo' wilt oontinue to be performed as' an afterpiece. — Mr. Frank Thornton's soason at the Bijou Theatre -was brought to a oloso last night, when tho concluding performance was given of ' My Millin.r'B Bill ' and ' Mamma.' Thia evening Mr. Harry St. Maur will mako his ro appearonce in 'Bootle's Baby,' an adaptation of Mr. -J. S. Winter's story o! tho same namo — A largo audience assembled at tho Theatre Eoyal last evening to witnesa tho final repre sentation of ' Tho Union Jaok.' Tho speo taoalnr drama, 'Tho World,' will be repro duced to-night — Miss May Holt's drama, 'Every Man for Himself,' was performed at tho Alexandra Theatre for tho last time last evening1, -when thero was a good attendance. Tho New York World says a band of youug Amerioan ladies wero anxious to found a dramatic school, and Miss Mary Anderson threw cold water oh the sohome. It is stated that Haverloy's Mammoth American MinptrelB will -visit Australia next year. As if this promised attaok of black fever ?were not enough, a viBit from that great nigger comedian Billy DmerBon is also promised. The Australian admirers— it can hardly bo added friends — of Daniel Bandmann may be interested to learn that he has at last made a hit. It was at the People's Theatre, New York, in a play oalled ' Austerlitz,' in which mounted Guirassiora were introduced on the stajre. Miss Lonise Beaudot-alao known in Australia — appeared aB a vivoudiere. Actresses, it is said, gonorally have very bad feet, and those of music-hall artistes are distinguished by every variety of unnatural prominence. Thoy are wide and unshapely. American women have the prettiest and smallest feet. A London shopkeeper . says ho had an American customer only rooantly. She was tall and well built. Twos were her proper size. TIiceo Amerioan ladies, he remarked, often cart homo enough shoes from England to start a shop. Mr. Arthur Garner, of tho Australian triumvirate, is at present in England purchas ing Australian rights of sucseesful plays, and engaging actors 'and actresses. Among tho formor is said to be Mr. F. H. Olynds —a good enough actor in his way, and exceedingly popular in the English provincos, and at tho transpontine and Bust London theatres. Mr. Clynds, on January 21, completed an eight months' tour with his own company at Dumfries, where he had a handsome presentation. Tho Silvor Falls Theatrical Company, ongagod for the colonies by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrovo, arrived at Adelaido on March 28'bj tho E.M.S. Cuzco. The Municipal Council of Rotterdam having refused to continue tho subvention of £2,000 per annum to tho German opera in that city, which has hitherto been paid by private sub scription, an enterprising Duteh' firm of coooa manufacturers offoted lately to provide tho sum on tho condition that the drop curtain should boar the words in gigantic letters, ' — -'b cocoa is tho best in the world.' This bold, but not wholly disinterested, proposal to associate tho evening's entertainments with the morn ing's repast, was, it appoara, respectfully do clined. Iron curtains appear to be in a fair way to get themselves a bad name. It is not long since the fire -proof curtain at the Shaf tesbury declined to ascend ; and more lately (says the Daily News) the iron curtain at the Opera Comique m Paris has exhibited a still more persistent obBtinucy. All was ready at tho appointed hour for the commencement of oven ing performances, when, owing, as it is aaid, to tome derangement of tho hydraulic tubes, it was found impossible to raise it until the un reasonable hour of a quarter-past 9. Tho spectators, who had ' meanwhilo patiently feasted their eyes on nothing more diverting than a lead coloured . wall, found what enter tainment they could in a solootion of operatio musio performed by the orchestra. Mr. Robert Buchanan's new fantastic pomedy, 'That Doctor Cupid,' which is hav ing a groat run at tho Vaudevillo Theatre, and tho Australian rights of which havo been pur chaEed by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Mhsgrovo, shows Mr. Thomas Thorne in an enterely new line of oharaoter. One critic BayB : There i'b not a dull moment in the whole play, and all the fun is of a good, healthy kind. Tho way in which Tom Thorno hops and BkipB about the stage would certainly not give anyone an idea that years are orooping over that gentleman's head', or that for some considerable period ho has been worried by the anxieties of theatrical management, for from beginning to end he is brimful of life and mis chief. All the ladies are excellent, but osnooi ally so Miaa Winifred Emery. Some, at least, of Mrs. Langtry's critics do not mince matters for the ' Jersey Iiily.' In a criticism of a recent performance, the Turf, Meld, and Farm protests its fairness, and then proceeds to buy that tho production of Mrs. Langtry'sCoghlanVMacboth,' thatonoo was attributed to Shakespeare, is ono of the offences whioh it would be unpardonable negligence not touotico ; and, being noticed, unpardonable not to condemn. In the first place, while the arrangement of soenery and properties is both strained and commonplace, and the costuming grotesque, ludicrous, and cheap-looking, in ohidirg even Mrs. Langtry's queen's dross, with its flaunting vulgarity (of seeming mor« especially -when she turned her back upon the audience), and its offenBivoueBs to an eye having any tho least artistio cul ture, was in wrotohed taste, to put it mildly.1 This frank notico goes on to say that ' Mrs. Langtry's strength has departed from her, her beauty haB fallen into decay, and even her former taste in dress haB loft her, as oan be seen very plainly in her cheap and outre Macbeth garments. Wherofore mark the Soripture : ' If the Bait has lost its savour ?wherewith shall it bo salted?' Mrs Langtry has long since lost not only hor inspiration, but her ambition to do anything excollent in art. Herein lies the main secret of her decadence us a. caterer to public entertainment. BosideB, Mrs. IiBugtry is.'by no means, no longer cither young or youthful. . . . Wo confess to being usable to eav anything more apt or striking than Macbeth (Mr. Coghlan) said to Lady Macbeth (Mrs. Langtry), when he held out his handB to the presumably mutilated and horri fied ghost of Shakespeare, with direful and doleful look and voioo : ' This is a sorry sight.' ' ? Gus (to friend) : 'I say, Jaok. you've met that handsome English gial who is visiting the De Oourcoys f' Jack: ' Yea, Ihavbmether.' Gus,: ' Well, 1,'propbsed to her last nsght.' Jack: 'Youdou'ttoll me. What did she say?' Gua : 'She didn't say anything; sho was in her usual torpid condition, and I couldn't make her understand me.' Not an ArpEorniATB Kbmbdy.— Friend ' Hot water will ouro'your nervouanoeB.' Mr. Henpeck: 'ftotmuoh. I've been in hot wator for ten years, ovoreince I married in foot. That'B what makes mo norvoUB.' ' Perhaps if you heaped coals of fire on your wife's hoad she would do better.' ' Coals' of fire? Why Bho's red- headed alroady. ' ? : ?- ? ? Ef er man am selling oawal ho sumtimes .f urgita tor shak' do measurin' bar'l ; of he is buyin' instead ny ? sellin',-, his mom'ry ain't so ttocbJEnusV ? ' ? * ? ' ''? ' 