Notes on Saturday Last and Antici . patio&s; for To-morrow. Bt Waxy. ibis much may be Bald in favour of the handicapping on Saturday, that if Mr. Eioh ardson's work was bad, inasmuch an a poor acceptance of 19, out of 62 entries, showed owners dissatisfied in the proportion of nearly two discontents to one content, the handi oapperj succeeded in; putting the minority well logoincr, witn tno remit ot good racing, ana fairly close finishes, while he managed to con ceal the winner almost up to the last minute or second. The racing will be found fully de scribed, in another column, by your own special reporter, and I need do no more than remark, en jmmmt, upon the discrepancy be tween Bo.iebnnk's form at tho Hunt Club meeting and his performance in tho big raoe on Saturday. Nothing was said or dono in the way of explanations offered or asked for, but a great deal was thought and whispered. Further comment is unnecessary. All's well that ond's well, and the horse's owner deserves &U; credit for, his great patlcnoo. Bosebank'a time waa taken officially at 2 mius. 38f seca., the best on record for Queensland. The local 'tips ' for the Cup were as under : — 'Waxy': —Mikado, 1 ; Dumb Boy or Sir Authony, 2 ; vfandsworth, 3. ' Battler': Aga, 1 ;' Sir Anthony, 2 ; Mikado, 3. ' Nimrod ' : Mikado, 1; Dumb Boy, 2 ; Pirate, 3. 'Waxy' epotted two winners during tho day — Qrey- gown and Jessie. ' Battler ' one— Joaiie ; and 'Nimrod' none. For the Nundali Hurdle Baco 1 fancy Duenna, Felix, and Warory. The Valley Handicap may go to Edn3. For tbe Produoe Slakes Q ray gown has incurred a 7-lb. penalty for his Fairfield Stakes win, which raises his weight to 9 Bt. 3 lba., or within 3 lbs. of .The , General's 9. ,at.; 6 lbs. Only that this brilliant ton of Vespasian is rather a slow beginner, I do not think this weight would stop him, but he has formidable rivals in Megaphone, Musioian, King William, Left- on-hand (if this speedy filly chooses to rase, and The General himeelf, despite his weight. Musician ran a good oolt in the Hopeful, only just beaten by W.H.K.'b grey. Mega phone is a ' sticker ' on his Hunt Cup form, aB well aB on hiB running in the Fairfield Stakes, and anything that can give him 10 lbs. or over 7 lbB. and a beating, must be of exceptional merit. King William we have to take on trust, but he is racing-liko enough to justify all the encomiums passed on him by the southern oities, who have not only looked over him, but seen him work, and seen him race. Loft- on-hand came with such a wonder ful run Irom the ruck in the race for the Fairfield Stakes, that had she not deliberately and of malice aforethought given it up 50 yards from home, sho must have sailed in a win ner by many lengths. Some day she will sustain the effort, and when she does good-bye to those sho quits. Piora ran sufficiently forward in the Hopeful to give her an outside show here. Elinor is smart, but can have no chanoe bo long as Megaphone stands up. Oooramin we have yet to reckon up. CUuton's day is not to morrow, and last, but not least, comes The Goneral, whose performance in the Oxley Nursery, un£er 9 et. 3 lb., when he finished a good third after getting off badly, entitles him' to some consideration under 3 lbs. more to-day, when the lowest weight is 8 st. 5 lbs. instead of j as in the Oxley Nursery, 7 st. In tUe latter race he finished close to Megaphone, giving him 13 lbs., and on that form should ba abouc as good as Brown's colt, who is iu reoeipt of 3 lbs. lets, und as Megaphone is bound to finish in the first three, Tho Goneral, if he starts, must be upsides with him and dangerous. Of the horses we know, then, the beBt at the weights should be Megaphone, Muaiolan, Greygown, The uloneral, and— if she would only race — Left-on-hand. The lot might be beaten by King William or Oooramin or both, but it ib saf eBt to st'ok to public form, and I shall go straight for Megaphone, 1 ; Gbey oown, 2 ; Tub Genbeal, 3. The Australian Plate field will probably be laiger than that for the Cup, and may poasibly tot up to 10. Sir Anthony did not run ou his merits in the Cup, or, if he did, failed to show us his best form. Mikado was never dangerous, and it may be that 1J mile is a oouple of furlongs too far for him. Aga, of couise, was never in it, and nover had the ghost of a show in my opinion. To begin with, he is not tho Aga of December, 1887, and even if he were, could never have won this Cup in the company. Pirato ran a great horse, and will run a greater to-morrow. Alma is not herself, and anyway was injudiciously ridden in the Cup. Lurline found the wtight too much for her, but she was going so well at the quarter-mile that sho should 1)2 worth investing a eov. on to-morrow on the off ohanoa. Wandworth ran well, but will hardly improve on the form. Heath and Godolphin I do not care for, but Bosebe.nk, whose penalty raises his weight to 7 st. 13 lbs., is still in it. Nor man did not disgrace himself oa Saturday and may do better to-morrow. King Olaf, in the Cup form, ought to win the Plate, as he ought to have won the Oup on Saturday but for mis chances. _ Governor I have no liking for as yet, but Sunlight, who bears a striking resemblance to Fernando, and ran a good race in the City Handicap, may acquit himself with credit, though he will not win a big handicap just yet— wait till next May. Dumb Boy may have a show, but Mark Tapley, Viper, and Bruoedale may be easily dis missed with a caution. Both Sir Anthony and Mikado will run a better race than on Saturday, and I think the winner will come from the beBt of this pair, Pirate,Lurlme, Bosabank, and the judge's verdiot might be:— : King Olaf ? ..1' Bosebank ? . , 2 Pirate , . '.,*... . . 3 The Ascot winner should be either Sunlight or Bose of Drayton. ; . On paper, the Normanby Stakes is a cer tainty for Fernando with a run ; and after him, or failing him I like Sir Anthony or Garuda. The Sherwood Handicap should bo won by Ascot, Edna, or ThornhUl. 