POPULAR SCIENCE PAPERS. SEEING A GHOST. Dr DL. .tDDW WILSON. Is this matter- of-fet age of ours, there are to be found, I fancy, few believers in ghosts. The tpeetro of old was, to my way of thinking, rather a flesh-and-blood kind of visitant. It was described as behaving itself iii a deeidedly sensible fashion for the most part, although the reasons for its appearance-apart from mystic warni^ns convejed to relatives, and such like offices-were not always to be regaided as of common sense nature. Still, I suppose ghosts of old, were facts to our forefathers. They peopled that world of the imagination, whith, for many persons even in our own day, borders on the world of naking life, and on the stern realities of existence. In the olden times, science, besides, was by no means of an ad vanced nature. Indeed, in so far as the details of the nervous system were concerned, science might be said to hare scarcely been born half a century or so gone by. To-dlay. the ghost has mostly gone the way of all-well, it would hardly suffice to say "flesh; " but it certainly represents an ides which has largely vanished from sober human affairs; dispelled like the morning clouds by the light of the coming day. Science has exorcised the ghosts and speetres of the past into a nothingness on the one hand, while, on the other hand, she has elevated the study of spectral illusions into a somewhat fascinating branch of mind-philosophy. Itmay therefore be interesting, if we endeavour to disense, as plainly and exactly as may be pos sible, what s?ience has to say on the subject of ghosts and ghost-seein. The beginning of t'.e study is really found in a knowledge of how we sec and hear, and exercise our senses at lar. When our eyes light on an object, we really see it, not with the organ of sight, but with the brain. Seeing, like hearing, or any other scrsory work, after all is said and done, is truly a work of the mind. The knowledre of what we see, is the result of an intellectual exercise. Eye and ear merely supply details on which the mind eacts and forms its judgments; and, be it remarked, these judgments are often great mistakes and obvious failares. The eye thus plays the part of a "receiving office" for the brain. It re ceives the rays of light which pass through its pupil, and impinge upon its lenses. It modifies these light-rays; parcels and asorts them out, and fits them for travelling along the optic nerve (or that of sight) to the part of the brain which rules and regulates the sense in question. The close approach to a kind cf ocular photography which takes place in the purple-colour of the eye, thus shows us that seeing is first of all a matter of collectinc, fixist, and transmitting Iictures of things,at atthese 1i.tures in turn are smt, in one sh:pe or another, to the brai,. It isonly when the "sensation"of sight, as we term it, has been received and registered in and by the brain, that we really can be said to "See." With the ear, the case is identical. Waves of sound are assorted, tested, and finally modified, so that the brain-parts which deal with hearing may determine their true nature. When we listen to an orchestral symphony, the munltitpde of harmonies is only appreciated when thebrain's work in hearing has been duly performed; and how intricate that work, and also the labour of the car, must be, may be letter imagined than described. iorr if, as I hare shown, there is a per petual passage of messages or sensations from eye, car, and other sense-organs, inwards to the train, giving rise to the consciousness of things seen, heard, felt, and so forth, it is none the less a fact, that occasionally this process is reversed. Sensations of sight and round and smell and taste, are known to be capable of being sent outwards instead of innards. In place of these sensations or messages coming from the aoter world to the brain, they may come back from the brain, along the nerves of sense, to eye, ear, nose, or tongue. It is as if the brain had the power of projecting forwards the messages it once received from the outside world. Perhaps it may actually originate such reversed messages or sensations; but it is safer to assume that the common state of things repre ents the reversion of messages originallyrlceived from the outside. What, it maybe asked, is the effect upon the eye and ear of these re turned sensations! I reply, they produce in the individual who is the subject of them sen sations of sight and hearing. The person Ssees" or "hears "-that is, imagines he sees or bears-things and sounds which have no existence outside himself. This is what science calls asubjectire sensation; and this is how the "gh'host" of our daily life are raised. Example will illustrate the matter more powerfully than precept When Macbeth sees a dagger before him, the weapon is beheld in his "mind's eye," to quote the words of another Shakespercan hero. He sees the dagger ; to others it isinvisible. It is a "coin age of his brain " to put the matter poetinlly ; it is a subjective sensation, to put it scientifi tally; it is the "ghost" of a dagger, to put it practically. If we analyse out Macbeth's case, we should simply say, the tension of an over wrought brain has produced in those parts of the brain devoted to sight - regulation, a powerful form of irritation. This irritability, taking the form of an allusion to the murder ons intent regarding Duncan, has projected from 3Macbeth's brain along his nerve of sight to the retina (or nervous network of his eye) the image of a darger. Once received by the eye, the sensation raises the "ghost" of a dagger, and the whole process we see begins and ends with the erratic working of the brain. One need not fir, however, to dramatic stories for examples of ghost-seeing of the most realistic kind. One, hicolai of Berlin, a well-knauna bookseller, related to the Royal Society of that city, at the end of last century, a full and circumstantial account of the crowds of ghosts which appeared to him, and which, moreover, conversed with him. He had been troubled and worried over domestic matters, and had fallen into a low state of health. This, by the way, is the usual beginning of ghost-seeiog. Weakness of body, in ether words, induces erratic action of brain. Nicolai saw spectres in his bedroom by the dozen. They seated themselres in his chairs and accompanied him in his walks. He described their dress and appearance to his friends; but knew, like a Eensible man, that they were only the coinages of his disordered brain. Then the ghosts began to talk, sometimes to each other and sometimes to him. An illusion of hearing thns followed an illusion of sight. Sensations of sounds wcre reversed in the brain and sent to the ear, just as the sensations of sight had been previously rerersed. Then Kicolai had himself bled, as was the fashion in those danys. Doring the operation, he tells us, the crowd of ghosts gew LInrred and indistinct. The voices no longer nounded in his ear; an finally the speetres faded away into nothingness, and he was not sgain risited by them. The bleeding had evi dently restored the balance of his nervouns system, and had exorcised the ghosts, simply by preventing the.brain's projection forwards of the images of things seen and heard or even imagined. Nicolai's ease is Ifar from being either singunlar or solitary. There are many cases of ghost seeing on record, all partaking, however, of the character of hicolai's experience. There is a history of ill-health, then an account of ghosts being seen, and finally, a disappearance of the spectres when health is restored. The subjcts of these illusions to which I refer were, how ever, sensible persons. They recognized that the ghosts had no existence outside themselves. They brought the common sense and evidence of other people to bear on the fact that the spectres were simply the creations of an ailing brain. But let us suppose the case of a superstitious or ignorant person. Here the ghost woald ie credited with a vritable existence. Its appear la ne would be chronicled, and if we further imaginethat, throughmere eoineidence, "'some thing happened " to the ghost-seer orbis family, we findall the elements of a supernatural visita tion in what is only a mere freak of the brain. Onemay reduca "ghosts" to a very common place level indeed, by referriog to one of the most famnliar of events. A blow on the eye C Ens s uto ''see stars; and some irritation of brain, or even of the ear itself, causac as to hear sounds of bell. Now the flashes of light and the ringing in the ears, we know have no existenee outside our own personality. They are the " ghosts ' of sights anondsounds, to put the matter plainly. They represent the " sub jective sensations" of the man of scisence; just as after a blow on the head, a patient is some times troubled by'a had odour or a disagreeable taste, neither of which sensations arise from nose or month, bnt come entirely from the re versed mcessages of the brain. It is on such grounds that seicence lays th6" ghosts" of the past; as it disipites in an equally forcible fashion, the portents, omens, and other super stitions of the day, aid the bad dreams and untoward risions of thenight. A Wtr..-xsowxr Englishwoman has come to the- enclosion that the works of ByrTon, Sheliley and Keats are not sufficiently studied by her own sex, and she hassetapart a considerable sam of money, which, when judicionSly in rested, will produce a substantial itlcome that is "to be devoted to prizes for eassys on the I works of those poets. Trustees hare been ap pointed to administer this fund. A 