GEORGE LEITOR AND HIS EX PEltIENOES (Coaltianed.) (BY T'ouclsToNE.) I am sure the amusaement-loving public will be glad to hear that Mr. Gee. Leitch, the popular actor, whose reminiscences have appeared in sevelal issues of the Examaiaer, has passed through the critical stage of his recent illness, caused throughl an accident which occurred in Ballarat, and is now on a fair way towards recovery. Some time ago I forwarded Mr. Leitoh a letter containing a number of questions as to his further experiences, histrionic and otherwise, and in reply he answered my communication as follows :- - A SEsvRa ACCIDENT.-On the first night I appeared in Ballarat I was coming on the stago as Tom Dossitor in a rocking boat in the storm scene of "IIarboar Lights." The boat was not properly arranged and collapsed, throwing me out upon the pointed rockeas. I have suffered much pain since, and ought not to have noted afterwards, but important arrangements had been made between Mr. M'Mahon and myself, eight thIetres and a company secured; so it would have been a very serious matter all roundl had I given aup. I suffered ai great deal, and mansy as timi whilst playing I have been faint with pain when the audiences have been laughing uproariously. Tuer GOoLDEN CiTY.-I lad always beea warned against visiting Ballanrat. "It is not a good theatrical city." said the kuow alls, " people won'tcome out to thlatheatre, and they won's like your style of aotilg." I nm able to cmphatically disprove these 'asertions.. Not ooly has the thatre been splendilly patronised during nmy two rnagagements hero, but I can honestly say that I have never played to more appro ciative audiences. As to the oily itsolf well, it is to me a colonial surlaiso. I have walked about its streets and sulurbs with always incroaaing admiration. Sturt-street is the flnest straeetin the colonios. Ins timea to come it should be one of the finest in the world. The elbutrbs are delightful withl chlrming and elegnit cottages and villas, gardens bloomnlg with loworas and rich in overgreons I fruit sooaes abundant, and the roads shaded with trees, lendine their medicinal odours, and the gums affording exqelsite relief to the eyes, and gratifica. Lion to the other senses. All thcse ndvan tasges over other young colonial cities plaate Il llorat in the foremost rankl in my humble estimation. STUDIES PFRaO LI~R.-Oouinsgonos more to mattera histrianie, I must say in regard to favourite elasako of characters that I like those which give nae most trouble. Some of the parts I made my repntation in at hoIme I have never ventnued 1t play out here-The ImtprT ,vaiattret, f',r (uatange. I was for three v. i t, stawlyvnoa this character. I could never t\e l uty iyi.l t'aiie (a young, handosome tluli,), till o.e.,z` ual ty anight I .aw it under : a l. lalaP ut in Elattion (larden, and went for Il a, eoa arr. Hl?aiaa , tltallau image.'ellor. I Iaw all fli a' clour 'lItnes in' his face, and b?o: t ait carrionls ftaap his cars, and woplhi I,,a, bouglht tio hairs off his tenad if I could. ( also like playing Don Ohrijls i " 4 Touch of the Sun." I lavea played that in the colonies, hbut not often i it shaltos me np too much. I played it in Sydney reeoantly for as few weeks. 'Thia chlaracter is a verye omplox one, aald gave tns a great deal of trouble. It was a long time before I would venture to play the piece ast all. The mulsi composed for i: is so naarvellously elever and plh.yicololag) tlhat when I first heard It I felt I coald never do justice to the puthor's eonaep. iton, which, Iljk a ghost, was constantly bopre eeb, and I put the play by for twelve months longer. People mostly earo to seo ie in comedy parts. Of this present repertoire some prefer 'lom Dositter, others Old Jaikes ; but I think a;t present the majority of good frienlds prefer Spofy, in "lHuman Nature.'s Ie was modelled on a friend of misin at haome, and l often sc hiy wipahgn I play the part. IThseo littla studies are the salt of a true artist's lifeo, Actors and actresses groan over the time they consider wasted over rehearsals. The really necessary and constant labour, with them, is objection alle and laborious work to be gow Aver asnd forgotten. Artists feel ogly tlhe unending desiretocreateanctq eicel,fardramatic art embra,?ea 1 ti satudies all the osther arts, of whichol too tmuh onnot be known, ansd of which Nature is the mother. DE rUnsRKA, SANTLEY, ANDFOra -1 wsas reminded the other day in reading a New York letter of an cxperiondu of which I think no other actor can boast, vie., that of having been announced to appeaur in thd same bill with an Italian Opera Cotpanpsy. My engagement being made faDor nchelster only, I declined to go sith the Dralnatic Company lO. a .lla.llnt town during the Stay of ih Operia 'Tro,;ec, for I had looked forward4 t i.ths' special loliday, as I had ibtn trootked very hard. Tihe angry manager declared I should earn my salary, however, and announced me to play in a farce in which only two characteors ap. pneared, and which was to follow the opera, It was a brilliant troupo of artists that came down, and my h?ntitmation was great. "What's this, acting I" said Santlry, as he, Foll, aad Cauapananeidressed for home, saw the tasge set and me ready to go on. "Elih, a farce, after Italian Operan" shouted Foll. "Yes, gentlemen," said our enraged and witty conductor, who had to stasy and lalay an etlr'acue, "it's to strengthen the bill." " Oh, - ," said Poli, who swore like an Irishman. Night after niigl the opera artists would come down after their work and laugh at the performance, our witty conductor being in the uggestioro's box in front of tle stasge reading Ih meek Italian the lines of the book of the farce, so--"Eater alh to Ellipproni (I was playing a character called Flipper), takes a chair, hll, after rocop oh, begins to gorge oh," and so on, after the manner of the Italian suggesitore, whioh tickled the Italian artistusand enraged the real suggesitore beyond pacifying Twice did the gifted Ilma do Mutqkah in her robes of Astriafamente qnd cloeked na Dinorah sit in thg wigs? with her big ilog at her feoot, R.e4 watch my efforts in that mireq?blo l?ore, laugh at my idiotic busiptess with a Wellington boot, while her dog applauded with his rudder, cyeing the rea. food on the table which he knew he would get afterwards. END OF A BsCsltl4,s5T samnGE. It was reading oX poor Do Clureka'e sad cad and Iurialf"o'day that makes me re mimber this experience. What a brilliant artist she weas, How I have watched her every action, and perspired with cow thuslasm and cold shivery ecetncy *t her marvellous voieo. I tbinl; bor acting in the mad scene of " Dorah ". helped me years afterwarda in my study of Don Chriss, the bManiac. In reading of hIerfate I cohld see her again in the wings in Autriafampnte's robes, watching and en. couraging my efforts, no kLnowing my pride or understandlog my humiIation. GOreat, yet poor Do Mureakas. In thinking of her the lines I have so often spoken in "The Improvisatoru" come back to me with double significanoe-" Acting is an art unllke anyother. A painter may live for ever in his pictures, a poet in his song immortaliso himself. Dramatic art Is liko a rainbow--a divine bridge at (ioeu between Heaven and earth-it lg admired, spplauded"thlen liiises 'with. all it 