least of . St. iJatfrence. ''■ST. LAWRENCE'S CHURCH, 1 NORtH ADELAIDE. Last Sunday the feast of the Titular Saint was kept in theaboVechurch. Thesolemnity was 'most' imposing. His Grace the Arehbishop inCappa Magna, attended by train bearers, and the Very Rev. Father O'Snllivan, O.S.B., as Chaplain, was received at the church door by the Master of Ceremonies, the Rev. Father McEvoy, and the deacon and sub-deacon of the Msbb, namely, Fathers Jorgensen and O'Neill. The procession, headed by cross-bearers and acolytes, then pro ceeded ,up. the nave, while the orchestra gave the solemn Cathedral March, His Grace was met at the foot of the altar by . 4he officiating priest, the Very Rev. Dean Kennedy, and began the Mass. The Qhurch was crowded to its fullest, and. (Gounod's Messe Solemnelle, with orchestral accompaniment, was most creditably rendered. The offertory piece war, taken from Rossini's "Stabat Mater,"- and well done. , At the post communion Zingaelli's Laudato, and at the end of Mass the March of the Priests in Athalie were performed with great spirit and effect. The members of the orchestra certainly did their part weli, emphasising, with effect theieading features of the different selec tions. The choir, both in the splos and choruses, showed force and training. We understand that among the princi pal soloists were Mesdames Proctor and O'Brien, and Mr. T. Birmingham. We do not know the names of the other members of the choir and orchestra; they must hare been many. Indeed, the conductor, Mr. Quin, has reason to be satisfied with the result; It was a rare musical treat, and the union of those beautiful pieces with the celebra tion of the solemn myBteries for which they were composed, brought out together the ideas of the composers and the solemnity of the occasion. Aftor the Gospel, Father O'Sullivan having received the blessing and impo sition of the Stole from the Archbishop, ascended the pulpit, and pronounced the panegyric of the Holy Martyr. The following is a brief report of his discourse:— Panegyric of St. Lawrence. Text—" Thou hast proved my heart and visited it by night. Thou hast tried me by fire, and iniquity hath not been found in me."—Ps. xvi. 3. It has been the custom of all time with all nations to praise great men. "Let us praise men of renown]" saith Ecclesiasticus, 44. They stand up like landmarks, and guiding-posts for their own and succeeding generations. We learn their stories, and read their biographies with interest We raise monuments to their memory, and re joice and feel inspired when we listen to the . description and histories of their achievements. Among these have been great rulers, statesmen, poets, patriots, soldiers, scientists, philo sophers, men endowed with wonderful talents, indomitable energy, ardent philanthropy, invincible courage. The lives ,of such men are effective means of instruction. They impel and en lighten together; but there is always a danger that youthful and ardent minds, while feeling inspired to follow, and imitate, no dpubt because possessing j the germs of those qualities which | grew to distinction in their models, may at the same time cultivate the vices as well as the virtues of their' prototypes. Let us take our favorite from the so-called great inen of past and contemporary history. Out of the selection we have made is there one to whom historians do not attribute weak as well as strong, .dark, as well as bright parts ? I venture to say that you will not find^orie. Are there, then, no perfect'heroes to be found? men whose abilities and virtues not only1 shone, but Were felt'; were felt not by many, but by all their fellow creatures ? • Perfect men, who in no particular . were obtrusive, whose smallest actions could hot be said to excite the susceptibilities of a Single individual; htcn, 1 say, devoid of all selfishness, of whoseendowmeiits the force hhd <the brightness will ever conf ttnUO 'to bC! the light ahd the stfength of ''fUftki^^erieratioBs t^Ttes,- tbtthc are: shCh-j-onO '{it! 'rtfae saint ^^hbSe'bkthday I we are here to celebrated 6t.' Laurence I is one of the mightiest - historical characters that the:i Wo¥ld ' has ever seen. We are tolA rby St. ■ Maximus that the splendor of his virtues and the renownof his deeds shone like a bright light1 oven the -Whole world. • He found among'ihe Sarly doctors of-the Church, and among profane as well1 as" sacred writers, panegyrists and historians who ceased not to open up fresh mines of wealth from the Character of the illustrious martyr. St. Augustine, with all his fire,. St. Ambrose the eloquent, St. Leo the Greiit, the goldki accents of St. Peter Grysologus, the Beritphic Doctor St. Bonaventiiis, the ahgelic Doctor St. Thomas, Pope Innocent III,, Venerable Bede, Dente the Car thusian, Taulerus, and ahost ofothera— all i these commemorate -the ideeds, Words, and virtue of the martyri All the acts of his martyrdom were as well known to the pagans "of his time as to the Christians. To nil he was an object of admiration and love. Many of his eulogists were saints themselves, men full of wisdom and power/ lovers of God, and despisfcrs of the world, the flesh, and the devil; workers, like wise, of miracles; leaders and in structors of the human race. And yet they seemed unable to fathom the immensity of the gifts of nature and grace with which the youthful martyr, St. Lawrence, was endowed. There would not be time to detail to you from such ia treasure of information the particulars of St Lawrence's early years. How he loved Godj imitated Christ, and followed the example of ■ the saints; .' how he ' was looked upon as the father of the poor, the defender of the needy, the servant of :the servants of ChriBt, a leader in all that was good; how while yoting the sentiments of his heart were mature; how he followed not the whims of the flesh and sought not the opulence of earthly goods, bnt avoided all preferment, and in his humility even eschewed the priestly dignity. How he subdued his body by fasting, restrained it by long watchings, weakened it by labor, gave it no rest, and trained him self in the arena of daily penance. How as he grew up Lawrence was to be seen ministering at the altar, visiting the catacombs of the martyrs, attending to the wants of the poor, administering the goods of the ehurch, healing the sick in their homes, raising the dead to life. Let U3 pass on to his martyrdom. And say not that the servant of God is shown to less advantage when seen in the midst of flames, or ingloriously when extended on a red-hot gridiron, because a throne is prepared for him in Paradise, or that to follow him through his beautiful life were better than to assist at bis death ; that it is better to behold him giving life, to others than lay down hisown. SincetheSonofGoddied,death has been consecrated, and since he died on an infomouB gibbet the sentences of earthly tribunal?, so disgraceful to malefactors, have become the greatest glory of their victims when suffering for justice's sake. Lawrence lived amid saints, for such were the early, Christians. They had but one object, to work out their eternal salva tion ; to this, end all their thoughts, words, and actions. tended. Still he was as a prince among the people by the splendor of his virtues and the purity of his life ; so much so that the Holy Archdeacon of the Roman Church, Sixtus, took him under his special care, and when he, Sixtus, was chosen Pope in 257, the year when the persecution of Valerian broke out, he appointed St. Lawrence as his archdeacon. - Soon the Holy Pope was marked for martyrdom, and as he was led to death he was closely followed by his beloved arch deacon, whose ardour in the faith and desire to die for Chrtat gave vent in the most touching appeal to the Holy Pope. " Father," he exclaimed, " why dost thou leave me behind,whither goest thou without thy deacon ? Thou didst entrust to me the distribution of the Sacred Blood of Christ, now am I un worthy to spill iny blood for Him P Thou didst never offer up the sacrifice of the spotless Lamb of God without thy deacon, now what have 1 done to deserve to be rejected, that thou wilt not allow me . to sljare in thine own sacrifice ?" He was soon comforted and Assured by the aged martyr, Sixtus IL ; "My son," he-replied, "I do not leave thed nor abandon thee. Thy /conflict is "only delayed. Tain old , and' infirm, ind God has spared toe the 'gftatdf cbfiflifetB ^Which^hr# ih sttrt-e for •suffer-': ings fbr-HiSf dame's aw⁢ thee." These words filledthe youthful deacon wifch joy ;: h* atonoe; prepared himself for bis i|«riftce} «id di8tributed all die. treasures of itiw cbQ^ch rto tJie poor. Lawrence was knowntpbe the adminis trator of the jDhurofc, winch wee then; possessed ef great wealth. The Prefect sent for Jtum* Apd ordered hip to sur render the sacred vesselsand riches in hisohargS' He asked for three days to collect what was moat precious, and promised at their expiration to place; immense treasures etthediBposal of the tyrant At the appointed time Law rence had assembled all the poor under his . care,. an d presented them to the Prefect ep tbewnoat precious -treasures of the Church—vessels, of election and temples of the Holy Ghost: The wicked judge was infuriated.* He ordered; the spot to be seized and cast into prison, there to be puoiebed by every species of torture which human cruelty could invent, and. every step was : taken to protract and intensify hiB sufferings. The sunt was at last &Btsned; -with chains on a gridiron over a slow fire. St. Augustine speaks of fire as being the most active agent of torture, and the most excruciating when administered by degrees. Tertnllian says that among all the sufferings of the martyrs—the sword, the rack, wild beasts, &c.;—the greatest was that of fire. Martyrdom is the" most perfect act of a Christian. Faith is its cause, as the martyr dies in testi mony of the truth and in defence of virtue. Charity is tike motive and firot principle of martyrdom,: for by charity we adhere to God. Fortitude is the exercise' of faith and charity, without which they would want expression and action; No one can doubt of the strength of St. Lawrence's faith, which was proved by his sufferings in its defence. Nor of his charity, which in its ardor surpassed that of the flames which devoured his body, but his for titude it was which triumphed over all torments and all inducements. He suffered without impatience, he suffered with affection, he gloried in suffering, and thus converted its ignominy into a crown, and its very pains into delights. LiBten to the holy martyr's accents of love. I( My soul bath cleaved to Thee, and my flesh is Consumed for Thee, O my God!- When questioned, O Lord! I have confessed Thee, While being broiled I returrf fhanks. Have mercy on me, thy servant. Thou hast proved my heart, visited it by night; Thou hast tried me by fire, and iniquity has not been foutid in me." St. Lawrence was proved as a faithful deacon and administrator of the blood of Jesus Christ, of the treasures of tbe Church, and' of the interests Of the poor. St. Lawrence did a good work, who gave sight to the blind and distributed the treasures of the Church to the poor. He was proved as a zealous sacrificer, who converted the gridiron on which he expired into an altar on which he immolated two victims; his body, which he offered to the fury of his executioners as a perfect holocaust for the glory of his Master and the defence 6t the iait& ; bis heart, which, burning with a fire of charity far more scorch ing than that Which consumed his flesh, became * holocaust the mObt pleasing 4 to God. St. Lawrence was proved as a witness who gave faithful testimbuy on the gridiron. " 0 Lord, I have not denied Thee, and immersed in tire I have confessed to Thee. 0 Christ, Thou bast tried me by fire I" He was" proved as a vaKant soldier, who achieved a complete victory Over his enemies. What more weak thau his flesh, and yet it conquered the fire; # what more helpleBS and unprotected than he, yet he overcame his execu tioners and all his torments. He was • proved as a victim On an altar; he .hated ins flesh, and the World and the glory thereof. In him were exemplified these words, "He who hateth bis life fame shalleScure eternal life hereafter." Wall might be say,"0 Lord, I give Thee thanks that I have deserved to enter; Thy eternal: portals." I have proved thy heart and, vitateA it by night. St.' Lawrence's lot was cast in the night of paganism* of moral corruption, of luxury beneath the shadow of worldly riches, deceit, and+pride ; but God shed His light in his heart—the light teat ebinelh in darkness was a guide to Lawrenbe's stops. From darkness and the shadow of death he went forte into the brightness of God's countenance, "Iniquity was not found in him/ Here for a momentl§t us look at our Mlves. How far have we imitated St. {Lawrence? Wlrnt have we {done for our faith ? Certainly, we have not yet re§tgt6d" unto' Wfood striving 1 against sin. Alasl must we not rather acknow ledge jhptr our livea nre '# tissue of defeats the most, humiliating. The concupiscence of the flesh' aha of the eyes and the prithrefUfe are too often the rule of our lives. We have no constancy in adversity; we yield easily to the least temptation. Persecution and torments made martyrs of old; now' the least trial or inducement, makes apostates. Let not, then, the memory of St. Lawrence he lost on us to-day ; let us hear hitn speaking; let us behold, him suffering; let us aspire to & share" in his crown. He speaks to us from his gridiron as from the chair of a doctor and preacher, teach ing us patience, fortitude, and the love of God. We behold him in his excruciating torments calm and fnll of peace, consoled by the presence of God, encouraged by the thought of Paradise, re joicing in his victory over the powers of darkness. Well may he exclaim " My night hath no darkness, all things for me are radiant in the light of God;9 and again with the Apostle " Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Tribulation? No. Distress? No. Hun ger? No. Nakedness? No. Persecu tion ? No. The sword ? No. Nothing shall separate us from the love of God whichisChrist Jesus our Lord.9 Finally, let Us contemplate the glory of the great Saint, and the honor paid to him in every age of the world's history since the year 258 St. Lawrence has been looked up to as an example, an encou ragement, a consolation to weak humanity, honored in Rome and in every empire, kingdom and province, where a Catholic bends his knee. Churches have been erected to his honor, and his words have become household words. Harken to the words of the Church " Blessed Lawrence, the martyr of Christ, triumphs crowned in Heaven." Let ns, while rejoicing in his victory, earnestly implore his inter cession, and let us strive, though at a distance, to imitate his virtues, that we may one day deserve to be crowned with him in Heaven. 