TURF NEWS. EVENTS BEQUXBZira ATTEN TION. The programme for the Wollongong Turf Club's Winter Meeting, whioh takes place on Wednesday, June 12, requires the attention of owners and trainers on or before Friday, May 31, for the Winter and Flying Handicaps, and for the Trial and Selling Plate on June 5. Two other events, Hack Handioap and Farewell Handicap, make up the bill. The Deniliquin Jockey Club's Mid winter Annual Meeting takes place on July 1C and 17. Nominations for all Handicaps are to be in the hands o£ the secretary, Mr. J. W. H. Wyae, before Wednesday, Jnne 19. Bee advertisement in another column. The two days' meeting of tha Walgetfc Bacing Clnb, which is set down for Thurs day and Friday, June 27 and 28, is as follows: — First day: Trial Stakes, .£25, weight for age, li mile; District Hack Baoe, 10 sovs, 1 mile ; Walgett Bace Clnb Handicap, of 2 bovs, with 100 bovs added, li mile ; Flutter Handicap, 20 bovs, f -mile ; Members' Purse, 20 sovs, 1} mile. . Second day: Flying Handicap, 20 sovs, } mile ; Namoi Handicap, 50 bovs, 1 j- mile ; Prince of WaleB* Stakes, 15 sovs, 1 mile ; Barwon Handicap, 30 sovs, 1 milo 1 furlong; Forced Handicap, 1 mile. Nominations for the three principal events, viz., Walget, Namoi, and Barwon Handicaps, 1 sov (part of entry) to be in the secretary's hands by Tuesday, Jnne 11, and weights will appear on June 17, and non-acceptors are re quested to declare before Saturday, Jnne 22, otherwise they will be liable for the full amount of entrance fee. Wednesday, Jnne 26, at 8 p.m., is the night of general entry. The Clarence Biver Jockey Clnb will hold its annual meeting on July 10 and 11. The dates upon which entries will be re ceived are as follows :— First Day : Tally ho Handicap, Jnne 29, 1 sov; Mares' Pro duce Stakes, acceptance July 1, 3 sovs'; Galloway Handicap, Jnly 0, lsov; .£500 Handicap, acceptance June 20, 4 sovs; Special Purse and Flying Handicap, Jnly 1, 1 sov. Second Day : Marlow Handicap, July C, 1 sov ; Sires' Produce Stakes, July j 1,3 bovb; City Handicap, acceptance June 20, 3 sovs ; Selling, Exchange, Dobie, and Becovery Handicaps, July 6, 1 so7 each. The conditions for the Jordan Stakes, rnn at Brisbane Tattereall's Club Spring Meeting in December, are as nnder : — Ot I 10 bovs each, half forfeit, or 1 sov only if declared and paid to the secretary of Tattersall's Club, Sydney, or Tattereall's, I Brisbane, by -1 o'clock on Tuesday, Sep tember 3, 1889, with 200 sovs added, for two-year-olds ; colts 8at 101b, fillies and geldings 8at 51b ; second horse 30 sovs and third 20 sova out of the stake. The winner of the Hopeful Stakes (Q.T.C.) to carry 101b penalty ; - of any other race not a handicap, of the valne of 50 sovs, to carry 71b penalty; of two the value of £50 each, or one the value of X100 or over to carry 101b. penalty. The half forfeit is to be declared and paid to tbe secretary of Tattersall's Club, Brisbane, or Sydney, by 4 p.m. on the day of general entry for the Spring Meeting of 18S9, or the nominator will be liable for the whole stake. The distance is five furlonga, and the entrance fee on nomination 1 sov. The Jordan Stakes is the leading two year-old event run under the control of Brisbane Tattersall's, and coming, as it does, a month after tbe Queensland Turf Club's Hopeful Stakea, another ' juvenile ' race, the valne of the two combined, with a two-year-old handicap which Tatter sall's intend having, there is no excuse left southern owners not to throw in their lot with their northern friends, as the prizes are worth competing for. The Jordan Stakes are called after Mr. Fred. Jordan, formerly of Brisbane, bnt who died some three years ago, and, as a token of his appreciation of the club, bequeathed £500 to it. The Wilcannia Jockey Clnb has fixed the annual meeting for July 9 and 11. The programme comprises 10 events, the principal ones being the Wilcannia Handi cap, ICO sovs., 2 mileB ; the W. J.C. Handi- i cap, 60 bovs.; and the Handioap Jumping i Bace, 40 sovs. The nominations for these events olose with tha secretary of the Broken Hill or Wilcannia Jockey Clubs on Jnne 3. The official settling in connection with the recent Brisbane Tattersall's Antnmn Meeting was held in the club's rooms, Kent's Buildings, Adelaide-street, and passed off very BncceBafully. The president of the club, Hon. B. D. Morehead, occupied I the ohair, and amongat the eighty or | ninety persons present were several other members of Parliament, including the I Hon. W. Pattison, and visitors from various parts of the colony. After the nameB or the winners had been read out the president presented the prizes to tnose who had attended, and the remainder of the evening was devoted to health-toasting and speech-making. Among the toasts proposed and responded to were 'the winners,' 'tbe losers,' ' the president*' ' visitors,' ' the committee,' ' Mr. F. J. O'Brien, donor of the Metropolitan Cup,' and ' the club's secretary, Mr. J. G. Byrne.' The following are the names of the winners and the amounts paid away in Srize money :— L. Dronyn, .£485 ; C. fl. -avis, JE350, and Mr. J. F. O'Brien's trophy, the Metropolitan Cup; D. T. Seymour, .£105 ; D. Trihey, £140 ; J. Chaafe, -E120 ; J. Finnie, £100 ; A. B. Miers, £95; A. Barrington, £80; J. F. O'Brien, £50; H. A. Walsh, £45; C. C. M'Kenzie, £20 ; J. JohnBtone, £20 ; J. Grnnt; £15 ; and H. Fry, £15. ' Total, £1700. The treasurer of the Brisbane Tatter sall's Clnb, Mr. I. A. Pnillipa, has received from the exeontors of the will of the Ute Mr. F. Jordan the sum of £500, whioh was bequeathed to the club by that gentleman. Mr. Jordan, it is almost needless to say, was one of the most popular sportsmen of his day, and in the capacity of host of the Australian Hotel be won the respect of every person who had the pleasure of his acquaintance. 'As the first treasurer and one of the promoters of Tattersall's Club, he devoted his best endeavours to the ad vancement of that now popular institution, and the clnb's present prosperous condition is due in no small degree to the benefits conferred by him when the club was in its infancy. The handsome donation now handed over by his executors affords anothcrproof of the heartfelt interest which was taken in the clnb by the deceased gentleman. Mr. W. Flynn, vice-president of Tattersall's, some time ago presented the life- like portrait of Mr. Jordan to the members, whioh now adorns the walls of the club-room. After a horse is harnessed, sea that every strap, after being buckled, is put into tbe loop. The belly-band should only be tight enough to keep the back pad to the horse's baok, and not allow the shafts to jump up and down. See that nothing is too tight. Leave breeching so that you can run your hand down easily.^ Keep the whip in the socket until it is needed; when it is used let it be applied in earnest and then put it back. Patting the horse on the baok with it only annoys him. Within the laBt two-thirds of a century there has been a gain in trotting of fifty seconds in the mile. This increase of speed cannot be expected to continue in definitely, because it wonld annihilate time in less than one hundred and sixty yeara.. There mnet be a limit when the horse bas reached tho utmost enpwity he ia oapible of obtairirg. ;Wh.m thi* limit be . reached is a question for futnre champions to decide. Nearly'- two minutes has been made with running mate, whioh, may we not reasonably (infer, shows that, aside from weight, the natural pace ef the horse is close down to two minutes. Bnt how far this natural pace can .be improved we must leave for future ohampions in breed ing to determine. The English mare Peri, recently pur chased by Mrs. Langtry and sent to her ranch at Middletown, Lake County, Cal., died February 11. She was by Holmby (son of Lord Clifden,. dam Hannah, by King Tom), dam Fairy Belle, by Wingrave, and her breeding waa so exceedingly fashionable that something was expected from her. William L. . Smith, of Canandaigna, N.Y., seoretary and treasurer of the Western New York Horse- breeders Asso ciation, committed suicide by taking a dose of strychnine. Financial troubles caused the rash aot. The affairs of a fashionable racecourse like Sandown Park, England, cannot be other than extensive, and the fact that over £75,059 was taken in last year, against an expenditure of £58,623, shows that the business is being worked at a profit. A dividend of 1 per cent, has been paid. The backers had a good day at Clifton, N.J., especially those that got their tickets cashed. Several of the bookmakers were hit so hard that they had to ask that the tickets be presented in New Tork, while one book, ' The Boston Book,' as it was called, welched, or at least there was no one left after the fourth race to pay winning tickets. |We think with regard to the latter case that something like it frequently happens in Australia.] The costliest ^able in the world has been built in Syr- -de, N.Y., for D. Edgar Crouse, the miUiou^tre horseman. 'When it is completed it will represent an outlay of at least £100,000. The great American trotter, Gny 'Wilkes, has ruptured a tendon sheath, and will probably neverappear on the track again. Kenneth, by Maribyrnong— -Mona, who was for some time located at Warwick Farm, has been put to the illegitimate business. We won the Hurdle Bace at Balranald (Vic.) last week, andran a dead heat in the Ladies' Bracelet on the same day. Man ton, who was placed under the hammer last week, but the price offered not being tempting enough for his owner to accept, has won up to the present £3383 in stakes. A full brother to that speedy mare Nectarine, named Boyal Pardon, has been put to the jumping business and Bhows a partiality to the game, negotiating the little timber fairly well. Special trains will leave Bedfern for Liverpool'Baces this day (Wednesday), at the following hours:— 9, 9.30, 10, 11.30 and 12 noon. Beturn fares— first-class, 3s. 6d.; second-class, 2b. A trotting match took place on the Orange course on Saturday afternoon be tween Mr. H. T. Wall's chesnut mare Peggy (the winner of the Driving Park Club's Trot on the previous Wednesday) and Mr. E.H. Lance's well-known trotting mare Empress, for £20 a-aide. The dis tance was two mileB, Peggy being in the saddle and Empress harness. The race was never in doubt, as Mr. Wall's mate kept alongside of the sulky for some time, occasionally passing it, and ultimately won with ridiculous ease. We find the following afloat, credited to a veteran blacksmith, and reprodnoe it because of some of its excellent sugges tions. To many people horse-shoeing is simply putting the shoes on the horse's feet. To those who do the work it is a particular and artistic piece of work. The frog in a horse's foot should touch the earth at every step. It is constructed for that purpose. If the shoe is set to prevent this it soon withers and decays jnst as any other part of the body will do under like circumstances. The result is a contraction of the heel and consequent lameness. It is a fact that over one half of the horses are unsound because of blemishes below the knee. The calks should be sharp, so the frog or cushion may preBS the ground at every step. For heavy horses the ' bar' shoe is used to a considerable extent. The shoe has a cross-bar. These shoes are also used on horses where the frog has been inhumanly cnt away and does not reach the ground. This is alao one reason why the ' tips,' as they are called, are coming back into use. They allow the foot to strike flat on the earth. They are a style of shoe that is put on the fore part of the foot and reach bnt part way back. It is no wonder horses walk in a peculiar way when they come out of a blacksmith shop after being freshly shod, as they have been treated in an unnatural manner. Hickory wood ashes fed to colts fre quently will rid them of worms. Scalded oats and bran is a splendid feed for young stock. After pouring on tbe hot water, cover and let stand in a warm place from one feed nntil the next. A little kerosene oil rnbbed into a horae's mane and tail once or twioe a week with a rice-root brush will olean out the skin and keep the hair growing. A full mane and tail add many pounds to the market valne of a nice horse. The Boomerang says Daybreak met with a serious accident on the Eagle Farm training track. He was galloping round pretty smart, when jnst as he got olose to tbe gate opening from the sheds into the track, Ener, whose rider neither heard nor say Daybreak coming, went out on to the tan, and before yon could say knife Day break ran into him, rolling Mooney a horse over, and seriously damaging his own shoulder. The track is suoh soft going after the rain that the horses steal along it noiselessly like ghosts, and the 9ft iron wall of the paddock that ends abruptly at the gate, prevents any boy going through it seeing whether anything is coming along until he is on the track, when it is too late. As a rule there are plenty of people standing about the gate way when the horses are at work, and the boys are warned in time, but on this occa sion no friendly hint was given. It would be well to shift the gate some panels nearer the bridge. John Finnie's sale of blood and draught stock on Thursday last, at Drayton,; waB a successful one (says laBt week's Boomerang), nearly every one of the colts in tho catalogue changing hands, the forty-five sold realising an average of over £23 eaoh. There was some rubbish, of course, or the average would have been higher, one or two going for under £10. A choice quartette was sold to Mr. Hayes of Charters Towers, viz , a brown eolt by Newbold-out of Glittering Spray; a bay colt by Newbold out of First Lore, by Maribyrnong ; a bay colt by Newbold, from Maid Marian, dam of Boori, and another whose description has been mislaid. C. E. Brown got cheap a brother to Newbolt and Bose of Drayton, a bay by Newbold— Sound, by The Drummer (imp.), and as this youngster is good looking and well- grown he will probably repay the purchase money with interest at an early date. How good his sister, Bose of Drayton, is we don't know, but she is not far off the best of her year, and Newbolt was reokoned at two and three years old by oompetent judgeB quite as good a oolt as Ben Bolt. Moat of the yearlings will be entered for the Q.T.C. Hopeful Stakes, Derby and St. Leger, whioh close on June 3 The total amount realised for blood stook was £655 4s. for the blood colts, £876 19 j. for the blood fillies, £43 16 1. Cd, for a couple of brood mares— £1080 19 1. 01. in all fur tbe thorju^bbrjia. i'jo draughts, Clydesdales, brought £159 Oa. 6 d. A grand total of £1540. J. B. Haggin's pretty little mare, Pre ciosa, by Glenelg, is to be bred to Darebin this year, and the offspring should ba a racehorse as blood lines go. Darebin was regarded in Australia (says a Yankee ex change) as a greater horse than Sir Modred. Charles Bowel], the once noted Bix day pedestrian, has blossomed forth as an owner of steeplechasers in England. At j the recent meeting at Four Oaka Park his horse, Earl Bonan, came near winning the Selling Hunters' Steeplechase, but stumbled at the last wall. Jimmy M'Laughlin says that out of 1500 races ridden by him the best horse he ever straddled was by long odds Luke Black burn. The worst hone he ever rode, he says, waB Ben Ali, and the next was War Eagle. His hardest race was last year's Brooklyn Handicap when up on Hanover. His greatest surprise was when Thackeray beat Mtss Woodford. Of the 1500 races he haa ridden in he haa won 500. The' difficulty of judging a horae by its looks was illustrated some time ago in Philadelphia. Goldsmith Maid, at the. height of : her glory, for a joke was taken from her quarters through a baok street, led to a publio place, and was put up at auction, the spectators bidding in good faith nntil tbe price was run up to 34dol., when someone connected with the sale bidding 35dol., the hammer fell and she was led away. Something like this would occur with Carbine were the horse and his performances unknown. The horsemen ot the United States are divided into two distinct classes, whioh are very wide apart— trotting and racing men. It is astounding how little they have in common. In trotting circuit everything iu in the hands of the driver. On the tnrf the jockey is the divinity that shapes the . ends. It is' rumoured that a leading American jockey is engaged on a work en titled ' Horses I have pulled.' His reve lations will be well worth perusal. . . The fee of Petrarch, standing in Eng land, has been reduced to £99, to allow his produce to claim the allowance given in some stakes for colts the get of horses whose fee was less than £100. A full brother to Ormonde and Ossory has just been, foaled on the Duke of West- . minster's farm in England. He is a bay, and is said to be just as promising as the wind- affected champion was at bis birth. Lily Agnes, the dam, is now eighteen years of age, but is reported as fresh and well as ever, and, it is Baid, has been ex ported to America. We hardly believe this. A horse that is naturally courageous may be made cowardly by abuBe. If he often receives blows, the fear of them is uppermost, and any unknown noise is imagined to be a coming hurt, the escape from which is - an uncontrollable impulse. The man who abuses his horses ia often rewarded by the destruction of hia pro perty and injury to himself, the result of runaways. Nathaniel Wheeler, of the Wheeler and Wilson Sewing Machine Company, had a singular experience at Seaside Park, Bridgeport, Conn., recently. While driving on the half-mile track with his pacer he met a number of stallions from Bamum'B winter quarters, which were being exer cised at the park in charge of a keeper. One of the stallions had broken away from the attendant, and it ran toward Mr. Wheeler's horse, reared upon its hind lege, as trained to do, and began striking ont like a prize-fighter. Mr. Wheeler's pacer accepted the challenge, and did likewise, repaying . tha attacks of the etallionwith interest, and finally dealing i he circus animal a blow on the head which cansed it to retire defeated. During this fight withont gloves Mr. Wheeler sat back in his light buggy awaiting the issue and calling 'Time,' unable to curb his pacer, the keeper in oharge of the stallions being also powerless to call off his pugilistic horse. The 'welshers*' were at their little fame on Saturday last at Caulfield, and uring the afternoon charges were made against two individuals in the paddock, who were brought before the stewards, bnt through some difficulty in obtaining evidence to show that fraud was intended, no decisive step was taken. | Chetwynd, by Gang Forward— Jose- I phine, the winner of the Goodwood Handi cap at South Australia on Saturday last, is a full brother to that celebrated flyer Hortense, and was bred at Morphettville by Sir Thomas Elder. - He had 8st. 101b. in the saddle, and ran the six furlongs in lmin. 16sec. Mr. D. James' fillyV Adventurous, by Bichmond— Miss Healop, won the South Australian Stakes, and also secured the Baker Handicap, through Bichmond (the winner) being disqualified on account of a cross. She was bred by Mr. Blackler, and will be heard of again before long. W. Greenhalgh, the well-known profes sional, formerly of New South Wales, has been engaged by Mr. Farmer, of Poona (India) to train and ride that gentleman's horses during the onrrent season. Green halgh as a rider is seoond to few in India, while the long period he has assisted that best of trainers, Sohthall, should ensure his doing ample justice to the large string of Arabs placed under his oharge. Nothing could have exceeded the attention Green halgh used to beBtow on his last employer's horses when Southall was away in Australia selecting new, purchases, and we feel certain Mr. Farmer will have every reason to be satisfied with this steady young professional. Mick Biley, who has had his share o£ spills lately, narrowly escaped serious injury in the Bosehill May Stakes. Three horses came down in a heap, and Mick, who was Bteering Spoilt Child, Seily on Marget, and Vanaerwarden, on Bona Vista, owe their hairbreadth escapes more to good lnok than anything else. Bex, who was ridden by Parker, got rid of her rider in the early part of the race by bucking him ont of the saddle. In The Tyler (by Grandmaster— Maid of Kent) Mr. J. H. Want has a colt of a very high standard.' His win in the Nursery Handicap, carrying 7at. 91b., and leaving the five f nrlongs behind him in lmin. 2Jseo., stamps him as 18-carat. Last year Ber nardo won this event, occupying exactly the same time, and was afterwards beaten ahead byLamond in the Boyal Stakes; why shouldn't The Tyler, who iB engaged in the Boyal Stakes at Gat, go one better and win the six-furlong flutter on May 24. Sophy and Marvel, although defeated, were in no way disgraced when the fast time is taken into consideration, and ran up to their owner's expectations. One mile and a furlong in lmin. 563eo. is the oiBoial time given for the Pythian Prize, whioh was seoured by Fernandez, and, the fact of hiB having the welter weight of lOat. 51b., this muat be con sidered a wonderfully good go. Some unpleasantness was caused at Oak leigh Park on Friday last (says' the Ahoub) by a well-known freq'nntT of racecourse#, whose language wis viry fra.» and forcible. In consequence of his con duct the offender has been warned off Oakleigh Park for the futnre. A similar exhibition took place at Caulfield on Satur day, and caused the intervention of the stewards. Anarchy, who ran sccond in the Selling Bace at the Victorian Amateur Meeting on Saturday last, was claimed,- and a con siderable amonnt of disoussion ensued as - to whether it is good policy to ' allow any horse except the winner to be sold. The owner of Ainarchy had to let the mare go, and is a heavy loser, as he o'nl7 got 130 sovs. for her, which is far less than he gave a week or so back, besides any money he may have put on her for the race. It was argued that if horses who do not win' are frequently claimed, the tendency will be to .prevent owners entering for. selling races, unless they have an inferior animal which they wish to get rid of. Either case will have an effect against the interest of racing. Teddy Keys had another slice of luck through Albert, a brown gelding, unknown to metropolitan racecourses, appropriating the Hurdle Bace in rather a hollow fashion from a field of fourteen runners at Bose hiU. Almost any price was obtainable abont him. Thetis, another inmate of the same stable, also started, but cut it at the first fence. Soldier's Wind, with 8st 81b, showed that he has lost none of his pace by the' easy manner in which he won the Handicap Selling Bace on Saturday from the favourite, Artisan, lmin. 29}aec. was the time given for the 7 furlongs. On being pnt up to auction he returned to the nod of his owner for £125. Mr. W. Lyons' Too Soon, who, it will be borne in mind, was backed for a lot of money for the Warwick Farm Cup, but didn't seethe post, came- out of his shell' at Bosehill in the May Stakes, 6 furlongs, . and- with 7st 81b up. got first past tne judge's chair in lmin. 16£aec. Amina and the unlucky Lady Kingsbnrough were second and third respectively. In the Hurdle Bace run at the Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting, Caulfield, on Saturday last, Whalebone was made a warm favourite in a field of five, The Trader, a well-known performer at up country meetings, being also in demand. However, he came down at the first ! hurdle, and Whalebone came down a cropper on top of him. Martin Burke, who was on The Trader, escaped with a few bruises, but Allen, who was riding Whalebone, was picked up in an uncon scious state and was conveyed to the casualty room, where he was attended to by Dr. Joske. He was fonnd to have sus tained a concussion of the brain and pro bable internal injuries, but though he has been painfully hurt Dr. JoBke expects that he will recover. Allen was removed later in the afternoon to his residence at Mr. J. G. Heywood's Tnrf Clnb Hotel, near the Caulfield station. The jockey has been singularly unfortunate at Caulfield., for he. was laid up in the Mslbonrne Hospital for seme time about two years ago through a horBe named Quandary falling with him in a hurdle race. On that occasion the horse broke his neck, and Allen -was badly in jured. It is Bomewhat ot a uoiuoiaence that the Hurdle Bace in which Qaandaiy was killed was won by Whalsbone. The annual meeting Cf the Syiney Hunt Club will be held at the George Hotjl on Wednesday evening. An old Southern sport sayB : — ' If ihe present tendenoy of xaoing oontiauea muoh longer nobody will oare whether he has a thoroughbred or not. In these days a horse that can win at from five to seven furlongs is all that a man wants for winning the best prizes, and for- suoh raoea a horse with a cloudy pedigree is aa good as a thorough bred.' Mr. Herbert Power has been eleoted a member of the committee of tbe V.A.T.C., viae Mr. M. O'Shannasay, resigned, and Mr. W. Pearson was appointed a steward. The Hon. James White's English oolta have arrived at Bandwick from Kirkham. It is reported that Aome's brother over-reached himself, but little fear is apprehended from the aooident. D. Bowea, the well-known Viotorian rider, is said to have been enraged, and is to aocompany them to England, and ridoon behalf of the Hon. Jamea White, The Sydney Driving Park Club will hold a meeting on Wednesday, May 15, when the following programme will be run off : — Maiden \- Trot, of 30 sova, 1 mile, one dash, harness 1 only : Selling Baoe, of 25 sovs, for galloways, 4 furlongs ; 13-Hands Pony Bace, of 10 sova, 4 furlongs ; Moore Park Handioap, of 30 sovs, 1 mile 1 furlong ; 2.50 Class Trot, of 20 sovs, 1 mile, one dash, saddle or harness 14 Hands Pony Baoe, of 25 bovs, 4 furlongs and [ 100yds ; and a Handioap Hurdle Baoe, of 30 sovs, 1^ mile, for 14.2 and nnder. Entries [ olose on Monday,. May 9, with Mr. Morley, at | his offioea, Norwioh Chambers, Hunter-street. Mr. James Perry, seoretary to Tattersall's Club, is in the field with hia programme for \- the Bteepleohaae Meeting, to be ran on _ Juno | 8. The first item claiming attention is the Grand National Hurdle Baoe of 200 sova, 2 i miles ; then oomeB the Flying Handioap of 200 sova, 6 furlongs ; the Selling Base of 125 sovs, 1 mile ; Grand National Steepleohaae of 350 sova, second horse 50 bovb from the prize, about 3 miles; and wind-up ia affeoted witn the Winter Stakea ot 250 aova, li mile. Entries olose with the seoretary of the V.B.C.. or with Hr. Perry on the 13th instant, and weights will be deolared on ~ suoh day as the committee may appoint. Mr. S. Fielder naa disposed of . the well known performer Soatteirfield for £200, Mr. F. M'Namara, of Viotoria, being the pur Mr. J. J. Miller's trotting horseB and brood mares were offered for unreserved sale by Campbell and Sona at Melbourne on Friday. Estimate realised 57iga, the pur chaser being Mr. Armitage, and White Bose realised 32£ga. Feight, 32ga, Mr. Armstrong ; Neil Guillam, 33gs, Mr. Doubleday; Clara M. 33ga, W. Bennett ; Bed Bose 450ga, Mr. Aloook. Horsesin training -. Arohiteot 170*8, W. J. Austin; Honestaa, 200ga, T. K. Bennett ; Probitus, 250gs, ' H. Mawbey ; Iiuoretia, GOOgs, Mr. Aloook. Mr. Charlea . Wostbrook, the. well-known cash fielder, haa left for. an extended tour through Europe. Manton iB an inmate of Monaghan's stable. Among the one hundred and threo yearlingB whioh J. B. Haggin will send East to be dis posed of at auotion thia snmmer will ' be a half-brother to Senator Hearst's King Thomas, the oolt which sold last year for 38,000dolB.; a filly- by Sir Modred, dam . La Favorita; a oolt by Darebin, dam Ageuoria ; a filly by Sir Modred, dam Miss Woodford, and a filly by Sir Modred, dam Letola. The English Derby is not half the institu tion in tho mind of the London JJeferee that it iB in the estimation of tbe publio. Halt a million ot people haa been the roughand ready estimate of the Derby orowd, but the Referee says that the three railways by whioh EpBom Downs are reached did not last year oarry more than 50,000 persona, and aeks if the other 450,000 persona went by the road. Thirteen waa the luoky nnmber at Bosehill yesterday, it being hoisted first no leas than three times, viz — Albert in the Hurdle Bace, Too Soon the May StakeB, and Tyler in, the Nursery Handioap. The time given for the Nursery Handioap, lmin 2'seo, is exceedingly fast, and is- on a par with Neoklet's Maribyrnong performance, \- whioh will stamp Tyler aa one of the fore moat youngsters of the day. | We are sorry to fee that there is no mote ! tonour existing between trotting trainers than amongst racehorse trainers. For years past it bas been known that when a raoenorse has shown good pace -many unscrupulous trainers have made overtures to their owners to train them for lesser sums than their then , trainer. Only this week we heard a rumour to the effect that several trotting trainers have sought to nndormine Mr. J. Gardiner, who ia employed by Mr. S. Hordern looking after his string, and have endeavoured to effect a breach between these two gentlemen by informing the former that Gardiner in tended to sever his conneotlon with him. We are pleased to state that there is no truth in the same, and hope that the acquaintance between Buoh thoroughly honest and straight forward gentlemen will Ions exist. That Mr. Hordern always sends his horses to win and Mr. Gardiner does his utmost to aooomplish suoh desirable ends cannot be denied, ana the rebuff reoeived by those who oarried ench falsehoods to Mr. Hordern should ba auffioient to prevent them from making application for a position which is filled by abettor man than they ever knew ho w to be. 8oldier's Wind, after appropriating the Selling Handicap at Bosehill, on Saturday, returned to his owner for £125. A cablegram, dated London, May 3, has been received, Btating that Lord Calthorpe vi ill aot as arbitrator in the turf dispute between Lord Durham and Sir G. Chetwynd. We are informed that Sir Thomas Elder, of Gang Forward fanre, has paid away £5030 for , 1 nglish stook, with whioh he intends to re plenish his stud farm iu South Australia. Mr. S. Fielder has reoeived the following additicnB to hiB horses in training Ch f by Goldsbrough— Lady Hooten, oh f by Kings borough— Lillian, gr h by Zetland— Silver Stream, b e by Somnus — Claudine. Australia and The Tinman, owned by Mr. Crozier, have been added to the list. Tom Corrigan, the well-known cross country rider, has made up his mind to start a training establishment on his own aooount at Caulfield. Barlow, the English jookey, who was for some time in Australia, aSter returning home engaged himself to Mr, J. Mumford, of Exninp, England. Dnring his sojourn here hiB luck was not of the best. The oommittee of the Viotorian National Pony and Galloway Association have drawn np their rules, and will shortly submit them to the V.B.C. for their approval. We have seen the result of the drawing (whioh took plaoe in the presenoe of a strong representative oommittee) of ' Adam Bede'a ' consultation on the Sydney Cup. The first prize went to the bush township of Tairna, near Auckland, N.Z.', the seoond to Table Top, Croydon, Queensland, and the third to North Biohmond, Melbourne. In the Hawkesbury Handioap Consultation first money went to a Queensland bank olerk, seoond to a young lady of Hartley Vale, and the third to a Dowling-Btreet (Surry HillB) matron. Adam is at it again, as will be seen by our advertising columns. In the Brisbane Police Court on Thursday Samuel Izatt waa oharged with keeping a oommon gaming house by running a totali sator. Connsel for the defence argued on legal grounds that a oonviotion oould not be sustained, and also asserted that these pro ceedings had been inatituted by the lower olasa of bookmakers, who fonnd that the totaliaatora were injuring their business. The Benoh intimated that they would give their decision next Saturday. The following stallions have been nominated for the A. J.C. Sirea' Produoe Stakea of 1833 : —Grand Flaneur, Monmouth, Epigram, Trenton, First King, NewmaBter, Bobinson Crusoo, Martini-Henry, Chester, Trident. First forfeits for the Sydney Turf Club's Boyal Stakea and Birthday Cap fall due to morrow. The Minnie-Sandfly oase has at last been brought to a conclusion, the Full Court de ciding in favour of Minnie. Wagers whioh have been standing over tor nearly twelve months will now have to be paid. The imported Australian racehorses are re ported aa developing great speed. J. K. .Newton's yonngsters at Sacramento are said to have run half milea in 49aeo and repeat. It will be remembered that Newton took a batch of youngstera to Amerioa . with | Oatoake. : An American exohange saya the magnitude of Australian raoing interests may be judged from the proposal whioh was before the Ans . tralian Jookey Club when the last mail left, .toinorease the salary of the seoretary to 25,000dols, a year. This ia news to na. Pendragon, in tho London Befebee, says of- the sale of Ormonde by the Duke of Westminster, almost as Boon as his capacity to win money was exhausted. ' I for one religionBly refused to believed that the really rioheBt man in the world had done thus meanly by one whioh had brought him ao much honour and glory .' A c'uriouB inoident took plaoa at the Auteuil (France) meeting lately. Baron J. Finot's Pantin, ridden by Barker, started to walk over for the Prix Glycine (Steeple chase), but the horse fell, and the raoe had to e deolared void. C. C. Lyford, of St. Paul, Minn., has pur chased from Colonel Abbott, of St. JoBeph, Mo., for 5000dols, the trotting stalhon Colonel West 2579 (sire of Mabel H. 2'26, i Weatmont 2.24, and the pacers Harry West 2 27*, and Lorene 2*15}), by Almont 33, dam Pacing Kate (dam of Billy S. 2.14^), by Bedmond's Boston. The oalonlation has been made that taking the load whioh one horse oan draw over a level road on iron rails aa a unit it will require I one and two-thirda horses to draw the same load on asphalt, three and one- third horses to draw it on the best Belgian blook, five on the ordinary Belgian pavement, seven on good oobbleBtone, thirteen on bad cobblestone, twenty on ordinary earth road, and forty on sand road. 