MR CRAMTEXTS NEW COAT. It was thesecond sing of the door bell. Ellen, the' help,' was busy getting b reakf st, to which Mrs Cramtext had: gone down to give the 'finishing touchesia, patting.aside my book.I went downto. the door in person. SThe Reverend Mr Cramtext, I presuine,' said a melancholy-coking youth, raising. a vely. high. hat, swathed ina deep weed. I bowed assentingly. r'May I have the favour of a a few- words with yon?' he asked, pensively. L was about to requnet him to say t at once, adjective, if it be one, is me~f for t esife, and' not thi mini-ter--he has her honsewifelye vadities 'asweill as another, and they're- quite 'as easily ioundei, :o3 ; as I knew if -I wantedithe .horning 'offee sweetened with her smile, I mu~tn't ipoil it by keeping it waiting. But the youul man's intanner wasqxceediugly sad, and his hear seemed Stc6' r-b'irdened to be unloaded in a ?oment; ;.lice, at the risk of Doreas' displeasure, I~invited = i into the ttudy. `___ t can I do for you, my young fiend-Y' I muaged, inviting him first to be seated.. "..Depositing a neatly folded parcel on-the floor, he took out his handkerchief and applied it to his eyes, For some seconds his frame shobk with emotionz. Then wipinghis eyes hard,. he retovered himself with an effort. ' y poor father--' he began. Again the handkerchief went up aid the voice went down. ' Calm yourself,', Isaid soothingly,- adding the : customary text in relation to ' our light afflictions,; which are but for a moment.' 'My poor father, he resumed, seemingly a little eomforted, ' died a-week ago.. His labours= in' the ,ineyard---' ' as he in the wine business I- interrupted, my temperance principles taking the alarm.. 'He was a clergyman,' replied the youth re groachfully, whose labours had so ?xhau ted his health thathis physician declared the ora hope lay inna charge of air, to obtain which he was trareLing,.with me as. his companion, wl en-siid denly, he grew so much worse that we. were: forced to atop, aud in.a brief space death put a period to a. useful and blameless life, and deprived'.an un happy son of the best of fathers. 'The money we had with us little more than safficed to pay the medical bills and funeral charges, and I am now thus far on my way to carry to my bereaved mother the sad tidings of our mutual lose, wi?L at the means of proceeding further. I have nat conme to solict charity,' he hastened to add. 'I have in this percel'--opening it and unfolding a new broadeioth coit of ministerial cut-'an article Lelonging to my late father which I 5would Sgl- adludispose of even at a sacrifice ; and, it being a ~itlle oily for a clergymanal venture to offer it to you.' Ihappened to be in..need of a such a piece of appar-. Do.cas had been hinting for cope time thnat pa.t-ral usefulness would bh decide@ly en :ihaSted ?y a better coat; anl by close piucning we hadl saved.nup very nearly enough to supply the want. ' Bad I been, in affuent circumnstaunces l-should haiet cheerfully relieved the needs of a deceased braith r clergyman's son gratuitr?usly. But not being in. a condition to warrant such liberality, the ould deto ezaranfit Ssuited. Calling up Dorcas. I explained the case. The coat was tried on. It fitted beautifully in front. Ibe straightest of our sect could find no fault with the straihtess of the cut, and the single file ,.f bombazine buttons, muar.shalled in close order down the right breast, lok-d a very piil anx of ortho doxy. Dorcas prorounced the sear view equally perfect. All it needed was a little ' taking in' at the left armpit, which any competent person could do. in ten minutes ; and Deacon Dorrity, whose secular vocati a was that of a tailor, calling in just then, fully corr.b.rated Doras. How much was the price, was the next question asked. `I think father never wore it more than once,' said the young man, ' though it may bare been twice. 'll cad it twice, to be on the safe side. It cot £5, but, of course, having been worn some, there should be a reduction.' Hie hesitated. It was apparent he feared to arne a price L?t it should te too much. It was gratifying to witness such scrupulous adherence to rectitude under the sore temptation of want, * Do yoe- think £4 would be fair I' I said, coming to his relief. ' It is more than I should have dared to ask,' he replied ;' but if you think it right, I shall be rejoiced to acceptit.' On these terms the transaction was concluded to our mutual satisfaction. The sorrowing sun was providled with means to continue his dutiful purney, and I had a coat as good as new at some saving of cost. Ehen rang the breakfast bell, andt Dorcas joined me in pressing the stranger and the deacon to join us at the table, but both declined on the ground that they had already breakfasted; and after much warm hand-shaking and a cordial exchange of bleasing', the former went his way. I had been honoured shJrtly before with an invts: ionto participate in a protracted meeting to beheld about a haneurel miles awiay, under the anspices of an old college classmate. And now that I had a decent coat to my back Dorcas insistedonmy going. She possessed a deal of wifely diffused knowledge of my gifts. Of course Dorcas had her way, and everything was got in readiness for the journey. I picked out my best sermon and touched it up here and there, somewhat improving the rhetoric if not the doctrine, Ifitshkouldonlyimpressthe heaters half as much s it did myself it could not fail of doing good. I wanted to travel in my old coat, but ])orcas wonldn't listen to it. A clergyman a appearance, ae. insisted, should at all times comport with the dignity of his calling. 1 c'nld wear my duster in too stage coach, but must be sure to remove it whenever I stopped. HAd I been going as a missionary to 'Timbuctoo Dorcas could scarcely have been in a greater fidget. I shall not risk incurring the charge of exag gerating by hazarding a conjecture as to the number of times she packed, unpacked, and repacked my hand-trunk, or by divulging her views as to the numbe~r of night and day shirts, white ties and throat lozenges required for a week's campaign. How to get such an unlimited quantity into a limited space was a problem solvable only by feminine ingenuity. £ confess to a feeling of relief when the hour came to kiss Dor~as good-bye and take my place in the coach. HIalf an hour hId elapsed, and I just got conm fortably settled down in a corner of the back seat when all of a sudden I started from the reverie into which I was being jolted. Wasn't I like the man who went shooting an forgot hisgun , dadna't I left mty sermon behind i I remembered laying it out before starting, but recollected nothing further. I began a hurried searh, and couldn't help an exclamation of relief as my hand cniountered the piecious document in my inside breast pocket. The journey was without incident till the last day, which was Saturday, when suddenly we col lapsed a wheI : Fortunately, theaccident occurred at the entrance of a Ipopulous village, where the passerngas could be made comfortable pending the A hi elsarighlt was sent f.?r, who, aftera careful diaguied, dee'ared that it would talke at le.at half a day to get tIe rhile en its letgs, I must either, than; rem'ait where L was until. -Monday, or continue my journey on the. Sabbath,, which- was.against my principles.. 1 had recently made the sin of Sunday travelling the subject of a. set discourse, and:felt. obliged to. practise my own. teachings as well for consistency's as for conscience sake. I was inwardly deploring the necessity of spend- ing the coming Sabbath in the promiscuous a ciety of a village tavern, when, a grand looking gentle- man accosted me. ' I presume, by your grab,' he saidi ' that your are a clergyman, and being of that calbing myself,. and conjecturing your aversion.to proceeding on a. journey under circumstances which may carry it ad abath,; me-nted permit. use then - `--I thinkfully~ -pt2d;;thaoffer; and: sh1rtlysfter myself and hand-trunk .were snugly, bestowed in. Brother and Sister Gushinggoo's a best guest . chamber.: t Though. an. entire- stranger to-both,. 1 could; scarcely have been more hospitdbly received had I. enjoyed their intimacy for yes?t?s In the cotirse of- the. eeoning Brother Gushing- fgood and I, discovered that our- views harmonisedt on certain important questions theiriactively mooted,.. and before the hour of retirisg' he pressingly; invited me. to occupy his pulpit on the morrow. I "saw no strong reason:!o declinj, for though I had. -brought but a single sermon with me, and should beobliged to repeat it at the protracted meeting, the two places were sufliciently- distant to onsuie that the audience would:be whollyidifferent. Before lying down, I tookout the sermon to run it over, as was my custom- of. a Saturday night.. Every brother knows that to read a sermon. creditably one cannot.be too familiar with it.. At the first glance 1. started with surprise. I?t wasn't my sermon at all. I must have forgotten the latter, as I had feared, and this must be one of the.dead minster's left in his coat pocket. Lglanced it over and fouind it a well-compacted discourse-on a popular topic. Why not use it ? It was an excellent Eroduction, and might do great good, of which the. world:was- not to be deprived merely because the author was dead.. Besides, it had fallen into my hands as a sort of providential treasure- trovin.which Lfelt 1.possessed at least a usufructuary title. • . But I must hurry on to the-point at which.I:rose . ziI Mr Gushinggood's pulpit next morning, with the, newly-discovered sermon 'carefully smoothed out. and neatly deposited between the Old and News Testament in the big Bible on the reading desk.. I began in my best manner. By repeated per- usals 1 had so familiarised 'myself with the manu- scr:pt that, with the aid of an occasional prompting:. glance, 1 was able to clothe the words with the: freshness of apparently extemporaneous delivery. The opening sentence was received with respectful. attoution ;.but pretty soon queerlooks began to be exchanged,. and one sedate- lookin'g gentleman. actually winked at another-at one of the best- sounded periods. The most pathetic passages,. in'tead of e:iciting tears, excited" smiles ; and the peroration, which was highly:pathetic, was received with a-broad gain, and.more?_bai.one dainty hand- serchief was raised, not to choke back a sob, but to. stifle a titter. I sat down indignsnt,.aad.leftBrother Gushing-- good to continue the exercises.. IHe did ao-*itk.?_s brief paper, decidedly ~waiitiilg in.tsicttio.iro --'n which the usual complimentary allusion. to' the excellent discourse;ta.w?fhttheie have been privileged; Stodimse was t-ifinualj? omitted. ' "Rfnrfnthe glvinh it df'the fin-sl hymn Brother' Gushinggood said : ' Not l~on since, when I had occasion to visit a distant town, the house I was staying at was robbed.. Among other atticles taken was a coat of mine with :a.sermon in the pocket. To that sermon we have just listened ; and I observel you ail recognised it, for it is not very long since I preached it here my self. The stolen garment is on that man's back. I indentify it as fully as 1. d-, the discourse which he has just had the efftoutery to deliver. I believe lie is-an impostor and a. thief, who has assumed his, present character fot" the purport.of victimising the: unsuspecting portion of. the religious community.. You will nowqeceive the benediction, and at the. conclusion Constable dialer uill please step this. way.' Which Constable lIaler very promptly did; and: it was inhis caompany, followed by the body of the congregation, that I left the church. As the procession passed along the street we, met the Sunday coach coming in. Through one 1 of the windows I caught 'a glimpse of Deacon Dorrity. Odinariiy I should have felt inclined to. read him.a houmily on the wickedness of travelling on the Sabbath. As it was, my j ,y at seeing him. I knew no bounds. ' How ae you, ir Cramtext ?. I hardey oxpectel to overtake you here,' said the deacon, catching. sight of me as heo alighted. In a fiw hurried, ex-ited words I explained my plight. tie heard tlhenm, I thought. with un ecoming levity, for it was some tim:e before he could sprak for laugiing. W \ell, well, what a joke !' he exclaimed. 1 confees I didn't see it. ' Bat here comes Brotser Gushinggos,' continue the deacon, as my late host made hi, appearance. i The deacon and he proved to be old fsiends ; and the former, as the tender will recollect, having been present when. I boug!lt the coat of course the. whole matter was quickly cleared up. Dorcas, lsarning that the ecacon vwas coming that way, and would pass through tile town where the protracted meeting was hele, had charged. hiai. with the delivery of the forgottea sermon, which, at the iunstance of Irolther uashinggoid, who insisted on my continuing. his guest, and wearing his coat till my return i ,nmL, I delivered in.l hisl church tnat evening to an appreciative auditory, and hadmy feelings further sootlhel by a liberal collection. I never made another venture in posthumous coats or dead mea's sermons. Acadmey of De-ign.--A young. ladies' b.ardcing school. \Vhat rifle makes the worst scores ?-T''ha Min.i-icrnaul (mtlininmun). An author, ridicnaiing the idea of ghosts, asks. how a dead. mana get into a locked rooms ?-Probably with askclreton, key. ' Ah, Misi Ads,' said St.s'ylte, sadly,' you' llhe forgetting me wheu l'sn gone.' 'I've been for getting you ever ines L've 'i known you, 1r Stay Iltte,' s a.tst'he,, shyly, atid lhe got him. Stoicisms of SeamenL--' Avast there !' cried a sailor to hlii comlrade, wlh, wv.. botid in h.savring. overboard the lower tlivisoa of a sitipmtte jus~t ca in halves by a chain seot; ' avant ! Let us itst see if B-ns aru't got the key of our Inms-ches' in his pocket t" ''Thre iz just as nmutch jetloausly (it it only less dangerous) among t:ae lowly ;ts aosun tile ri.ch. The p.or devil, with a w,,ol loaf unler hlz a n ita the lord of hIz nt sairood ; and the haar-lo.aves look oe with envious wonder, while he struts up and down the alley. It as cnjectured that profeati-nal thieves lead a comforttalu life beca:use tley take things ea-v. ' M1arriage,' -aid an uufortnaste lawabandl, ' i thie chlurchyard ,f love.' ' Ans yo nmen,' replied his wif-, ' are the g-ravediggera. Sihe (Sfr. I lin.) : ' I c.a' lislen to another word !.' 1He(.ift 5:n.) : D)o--do hear me ! I ma:y aom, bhe lasg, 16lu.i I have a Isrge heart-' Nsa. •' Ul, i g > and ioxe smelbo ly or your own size ! ' lliw do you lik:e mae in my newv baIl drei-" Josahn " ushei the ;,ou:'g vwife. ' Oh, you look. are w.nsso isl m-kism ios x ysult5k i in it. ' Why . , .cIketu- eC tt y ,are t..at.udi. shottlderis u.t it 