HO ROBBERY, _ . W Mrs. Christie's was anything but an uupk-. I ant boose, and the people who were fctavfnp I it were anything but unpleasant Myi.iiJf ceived notion had been i hat the folks on i meet in a boarding-house were of a doubtful sort ; at the best it seemed inevitable that the! would be social cats purring inquisitive! v ai3 treacherously all about. So it was a welcome i; surprise to fold the house so different from I anticipations. / i Mrs. Christie herself I knew but slight! v. Sfo j was the widow of & mining engineer who had I done good service to our iaiuily in my father I days. She. had set up a boarding-house 0& Rnssel street, and when it happened that I had , jj to go up -to ' town to consult my old reiw«- friend Marion, now a barrister, about soS#; j business, instead of putting up at my usual I quarters, I went, at my mother's request, to Mrs. Christie's, not without some misgivings | about the wisdom of the step I was takin" ; hut 1 I thought that anyhow it would be a ueV ex. penence„- and that was just what it did prove to I be eventually. | The company was made up of an Indian army - doctor and his d lughter, she being a damsl fair i to look upon; two spinsters from Shropshire 1 a west country parson and his wife; Mrs' \ Christie's nephew, a clerk in a bank : myself and a couple about whom no one knew any! 3 thing— save Mrs. Christie, and she not uiuoi— \ but whom every one allowed to be the most ' charming and delightful people they had met I for many a day. Mr. and Mrs. Walcur had j travelled much, and were evidently well read but they neither wearied one's ears with the 5 glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you- ! with bilk about books they had read and vou hadn't; they made no 'display, and though brilliant conversationalists, they were just the pleasant kind of people in whose company voa could sit without wanting to talk at all. He was a tall, sparely built man, wvll set up, with regular features a man of fine bearing, yet not quite like a soldier ; she was hardiv so distinguished looking as her husband, hardly so handsome ; her features just missed regularity, j but eyes and mouth had a fascinating piquancy i of expression which made her the most attractive woman I had ever met : I thought so then and I think so still, though I have considerably ex- j tended my experience since those days when my j mother guarded her fledgling from the attacks, I rapacious or insidious, ot every breed of harpy. I But the most pleasing trait in this couple was I that though so plainly devoted to one another, I and satisfied with their own cempauy, they f were not wholly eaten up with mutual admira- ; tion; their nature seemed to have a sympa thetic feeling that molded itself to suit the dispositions of those around, without sacrificing its own individuality. No wonder all liked them; I was particularly grateful for their \ courtesy, not being blessed in either looks j or style ; I had unfortunately inherited my j mother's manner and my father's face ; had it been the other way about, I should doubtless have proven the social success which I was painfully conscious that I now was not. And ' it must have been out of pure good nature that they were so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christie — whether she kept her pro mise I don't know — that she should sav nothing to her guests about Earnshaw Hall, or the mines, or the plate and pictures, or my mother 'a j famous diamonds, or the glories of a country j house that women love. The only one who did not take kindly to them was Marton. On the Thursday after we had concluded our business I prevailed upon him to dine with me at Mrs. Christie's, and I remember noting how everyone seemed to be at bis or her best; even Marten's severe features relaxed, and he showed himself almost more than courteous to the Indian girl, between whom and < one of the Shropshire spinsters he was sitting, j evidently quite satisfied with his environment, j as he owned when I was ' setting him back.' as I they say in the North, to his chambers, but— j but I 4 But me no buts ; what is wrong now r1 j 4 Why, those people to whom you have taken I so violently, the Wa loots.' I 4 What about them, Mr. Sensor , I 4 They gave me an uncomfortable feeling : not I that they look uncanny, but I am haunted by I the ghost of some fordding reminiscence, as if I I had seen that women's eyes before — and I mo I sure I have — but when or where 1 cannot I recollect ; and I am equally 6ure they were con- I nected with something shady — what that, too, 1 was I cannot bethink me ; a hazy, indefinite recollection it was, but one that clung to me &U; the while.' 1 'May I suggest dyspepsia? too hard work j indoors, too little exercise. j . ' Maybe you are right, but do you, too. use & < pinch of caution in cementing your new fnenu j ship. Good-night. H. A few evenings before I went home, | W alcot and I were in the 6mokiog-roout» J jj asked him if he would not bring Mrs. IValoot | down to Earnshaw for a few davs. It near the mid of May, the May fiy-fitag 1 he on during the next ten Hays, so tbst bere I Would be something to do beside seeing tW I country, which was magnificent; there wore 1 few show places for those who cared for 1 and the season was in its prime for drives over 1 tbe hills. I put forward aU the attractions ;« I the _pl$ce to- induce him to come down j _ I could eee that Mrs. Waloot could hit itJ®P j with my not too easily pleased mother, esp® I cla"y because being married she could By j possibly be a siren, and the man had plenty 1 talk about, yet never tired one with talking j himself. „ I I was rather surprised then when he I tated about accepting mi invitation so u®?" 1 servedly given. Why should he stammer, j" I I thought, positively blush and hesitatenbo® I to simple a matter, especially as at fn. I seemed eager to come, for Ma face had ligh , I op cheerily, |but was obscured directly afterwan by a gloomy look, almost one of sb? I Tuere was certainly a tone of distress in . 1 voice as he said, 4 You are very kind- I mv wife— -I know I cm speak lor her — shdun I I greatly liko to come northward, but it ia I gcatceiy possible. This came with more warmlhof desire to accept the Invitation than:, depth of conviction, about its impossibility. After some further pressure, evidently yielding, «t last he said : _ . i you are really so fiiehdly that it would be no less ungrateful than ungracious to keep hack from you the real reason why we shrink fropi what promises to be so pleasant a visit ; and what we haveseen of you in the past week frees' me from any doubt that you will not let what I toll you go further than yourself. My wife, "to whom, as you know, I am devotedly attached, has a sail affliction. Until her illness, two years ago, there was not a trace of what would now make her life au intolerable burden were she not supported by our strong mutual affec tion and confidence. After that illness she de veloped kleptomania. Till then the most Scrupulously honest and perfectlv exact woman I hare ever known, she: now has a strange passion for secreting, not anything and every thing, hut only jewellery; strangely her ailment only runs in this groove. By keeping a strict watch, I hare hitherto been fortunate ( enough to restore whatever trinkets she has gUrreptitioufily removed. A few intimates only ! know of our trouble, and, as they understand' filings are, we feel lees' unhappy : still one is anxious, and this is why we have rather 6hrunkfrora accepting the many invitations we receive from the friends who, we believe, have a genuine regard for us. 4 I think you might reckon me among them, said I, 4 and now that I know and am, so to speak, forewarned, why should you hesitate? 1 could tell my mother what you have told me beforo vou cotne, unless '—seeing something of a doubt in his face — 4 you would rather 1 didn't.' 4 To tell the truth,' he said, after a pause. if the knowledge could be confined to yourself I think it would be better. Possibly there may be no trouble while we are with you — I am. as suming that 3o u. would still be willing to have us— ami then there would he no ueed to" have thus bared our wounds.' 4 Very well ; if anything does happen, we shall find it out, and you can send back whatever is- taken, and then I can explain it all .to my mother ; and if nothing is taken, nobody will be blt the wiser. You see, too, that Mrs. Walcot need rot know anything about nay mother's jewels.' 4 Pray, are they very valuable or attractive ?' 4 Both : and my mother is rather careless, as I think, about these treasures, which are chiefly diamoii ls ; she will keep tliein in a cabinet iu her boudoir, the last place, she says, where a burglar would search, if one could get in ; the windows look out on the cliff over the river and our sevunts are trustworthy. She says she will cot have thcin long, and we must indulge an old woman's wlimis. Still we will not parade them, or even speak of them at all, before Mrs. Walcot. JYcs,T said he, looking relieved, that will be best; we will not let her know of their existence. Andnowthatyouuuderstaudall Ishali be happy to bring my wife ; only, by the way, don't breathe a word to madame to intimate to hei that you knowVliat I have just told you ; for, if she even suspected you knew, nothing on earth would induce her to come northward.' 4 So be it. My mother will write— let me see, tins is Tuesday— you'll get her invitation on Thursday, so that " you can accept and Come down, if "it suits your convenience, cu Saturday; then our arrangements will fit in.' III. A few leaves from my diary : 4 Friday, May 30th. — M. wrote to the Walcots ; marvellously civil. Signed deeds. Lunch with. Marton. Walcot cheery at dinner, evidently pleased with the prospect of visit ; especially M. had not forgotten to invite 44 Yenus." 4 Saturday, 31st. — Down by 10.00 express. "Wonder of wonders, M. at station with piebald ponies ; but she takes marvellously to Mrs. Walcot. Two days' xain. There'll be good water to-morrow, of course, when we mayn't fish. | 4 Sunday, June 1. — Lively as usual, hut take Ihu Walcots up the gleu in the evening to my favourite spot, Mr. Walcot is enraptured with the place. Monday, 2nd. — Off in the drizzle to fish. Kenlly a good day, thirty-four brace of . trout. Walcot not half a bad hand. Have to leavethe i woman-kind at home ; hope they won't get into mischief. 4 Tuesday, 3rd— A really good day, fifty-throe brace and three sea-fish. M. drives Mrs. ; Walcot over the hill to see the mines. 4 Wednesday, 4th — Sessions. M. drives the - W al cot s to Ulleswater. At dinner telegram for Walcot. Says they, or at least he, must go early to-morrow. M. wants him to leave madame till Saturday. She consents, keeping Yenus. The dog's useless as a guard ; heard the beast snuffing in the corridor during the night. ' Thursday, 5th — Yenus rambling again ; heard her when stable clock struck two. Walcot goes. Stroll in woods all morning; teach Mrs. Walcot to fly fish in afternoon. ; Friday, 6th — Much" as yesterday, but fish with Mrs. Walcot in morning. Drive after lunch. '.Saturday, 7th — See Mrs. Walcot off at eleven. Dreadfully dull day. Hope Marton anyhow won't disappoint me ; he's sure to come as I asked him, now the Walcots have gone. ' Sunday, 8th — As per usual ; yet I survive. 4 Monday, 9th — Here's a strange . matter ; Walcot writes that after all she did take my mother's diamonds ; luckily lie found it out immediately on her arrival, and has sent heavily insured by train from Leamington to Penrith, to wait there, not wanting to attract attention at Earnshaw by a registered packet of that size coming by poet. Drive to Penrith, find parcel, mighty thankful to get diamonds, quietly re place in the cabinet. By greatest luck M. had never discovered their absence. 4 By the way, how did Mrs. Walcot know about the diamonds ? Walcot would not tell her. of cpurse. Suppose she and the mater got talking, and they must have been exhibited one of those days we were fishing. Can't ask M. ; must wait I suppose. Perhaps the poor thing felt the beginning of the craving, and concealed her knowledge from her husband; or, just possibly, didu't see them till he had gone. However, all's well that ends Well. iv. ' ; Had all ended well ? The night after Mar ton came he made many inquiries, over our pipes, about the Walcots, and still seemed to have an unaccountable prejudice against them. It was no good to show how much my mother, also, thought of him, and how taking, yet simple, his wife was, till at last I grew quite ia defence of my new friends, and for. ; proof positive .told Marton in what a straight- ! forward way Walcot had informed me or Ins Wife g failing, and how quickly he had. taken Pains to remedy what had happened. Martin listened very quietly to my arguments with his sphinx-like face, which, only as I concluded, relaxed into a grim smile almost more aggravat es than his foimer impenetrability. What on earth makes you look like that .. 1 , r, trifle holty. " . , ' " " Hear boy,' said Marton, dryly. If I tod you you would only be , more angry than vou are now, ao what's the good?' - ?! U itv 1 kuow I'm inclined to dfcfflmon my- friends; but l sfeuldwl, Mu sure, if I bad hot the fullest "confidence m xnem. - ' : ; u plain for all men to see," find you : 2® J® if I speak output TwiU wsk that, for youf wrath will soon blow over.' My thoughts oome to this: I am hot sure there is j iiotsomething wrong about those diamonds.' :t t Wrong ! How could there possibly be ?' , 1 haven't analysed the. thing-- clearly yet. Have you- examined the stones carefully since yougot them back?' . " . 4 To tell the truth, I never thought of it; only just opened _ the case and laid the-.n in the cabinet as quickly and quietly as possible; But 5Quld happen to them ? .Mrs. Walcot only 1 left here on Saturday, and the diamonds were baoiV on Monday. What could have gone wrong m that time?' . Vi. , 4 Nothing in that time, certainly : . but — — But what ?' Dou't be hasty. I was thinking — — By- the-way, have those stones been seen by an ex pert jeweller lately ?' Yes, hot two months ago. Some fastening had corneloose when we were up in London, and my mother took them to Itosfcell's ; I was with her and remember what the man said of mem.' .. .. _ . I U ask one thing of you, then. Let us, have those diamonds examined. . .If there -is, anj> thing wrong, it is full time you should. know. If they are nU right you will have a legitimate crow over me, and you may crow as loud as, fever you like.' I still felt provoked with Marton, but here was a chance, indeed a certainty, of proving his " suspicious unfounded, and showing that even, the astute Marton was not infallible, so I con sented more readily than I. should otherwise have dona. " 4 AU right, hut how are we to get.them away to he looked at without my mother's knowing ? 4 Bring a man over from Penrith or Carlisle when Mrs. Easton is out-, and ostensibly for some other purpose. ' And thig_was what was done.- The man ;fbr ; whom I Sent had more knowledge, as I kfiew, than most local jewellers, and was . safe. : He ( came the uext afternoon, and, while my mother was .paying a call, examined the parure with." Marton and myself. To my unutterable ^con fusion and horror, he pronounced the stones no stones at all, but paste, and not very good paste, either. - Y. Marion did not iaugh now ; he was too much ; concerned about my obvious distress and' annoyance. To find one's idol so utterly shattered was a stunning blow ; but I had to - arouse myself, for there were others to be con sidered. What on earth was -to be doue? The original stones were worth many thousands of pounds; I did not like that loss, but the prospect of my mother's trouble, when the truth became known, vexed me infinitely more. 4 Anyhow,' said Marton at last, 1 let us keep it quiet for the present. I have no doubt Mr. Rawsthorae will say nothing about it to any one. Bawsthorne, whom ho had known for years, promised silence, and I am sure he kept his promise. After he had gone, Marton said : 4 1 don't know exactly what made me sus picious, except the conviction that I've seen that woman before and in connection, with something that wasn't straight. You said there wasn't time to get those Btones changed between the Saturday, the day Mrs. Walcot left Earnshaw, and the Monday when ybu got them hack. But how, if "it wasn't Mrs. Walcot at all who took them on the Saturday, but he on the — which day did he go 2 Wednes day?' . 4 No ; on Thursday by an early train/ 4 Well, if he took them on the Thursday, he could get them changed by the Saturday night; no doubt ho had the false ones ready, or somewhere within easy reach — Birmingham most likely ; he posted them, you said, in! Leamington/ 1 4 But how could they have ' got the dia monds ?' I made one more struggle in my unwillingness to believe. 4 1 don't think that they were cut of our sight at all, except perhaps when dressing for dinner, and at that time my mother would herself be dressing in. the next room with the intervening door open ; and when they went to bed.' 4 Ah ! were they in bed all night ? Your bedroom is the next the boudoir ; did your hear any one enter, or any noise ?' 4 Nothing ; I sleep soundly — by the way, yes, hut I did. I heard that wretched Yenus anil fling about, and I told Mrs. Walcot in the morning that Yenus was not much to depend on for a guardian, the creature rambled about so» 4 What did she say ? Nothing that! remember. 4 lie sure he got hold of them then, and took the dog either to give warning, or to afford ion excuse if he were found at that side of the i house by saying the dog had slipped out and he hadfollowed to find her. A pretty piece of work you will have to get them bade. If vou go at him straight he . will declare the stones are as his wife brought thorn, and that ybu are not. acting as a gentleman should— that is where he will have you— in suggesting thatlhey have changed them. So often husbands have sold their wives , diamonds and substituted paste that he can easily insinuate that you have had them changed yourself to spend on larks, without the mater, your agent, your banker or any one being the wiser, and he will say you have .taken advantage of what he told you as a trusted friend; he can make out a specious case, and a TUftn of that stamp can invent other fictions hardly less annoying. Mrs. Walcot stayed alone with -you 1 think you said, from the Thursday tiu the Saturday. I suppose you dou't mind spending a hundred or two over the business if you can only recover them ?.' _ 4 Certainly, and twice as much for the thing never to have happened. I can hardly persuade myself even how that they could be guilty of such knavpry.' _ " - Marton said no more, but laid hold of A "Rrfldshaw. and despatched a telegram.the reply to which gave aplausible excuse for his : going off the next morning, and since I .was too uncomfortable to rest quietly, at home,-: 1: said I would go with him for three or four djLVS » But there was another thing to be done ; taker the trinkets with us we must, yet we could not take them without my mother's Imowledge. Marten's readiness and decision solved the diffi culty. He asked me to show him the jewels; he then deliberately snapped a, bit, of : the sete ting, so that two of the ptones were looseued. Y stared in amazement, but he simply saia Wait, and put the case back (in toe cabin#. After dinner, as it was a rainy evemng JVIton made as though he wanted to be amused, and ashed my m<Sier, Uke a epoUt cluM, to be aUowed to took at her diamonds for A rather surprisea at such fnvymty on the part of I the sedate and stem Marton, but of course had them brought. As soon as thB case was opened, and she became aware of the mother was loud in her lqmentatiqiis. and had no thought about anything except how the mis fortune had happened, anil what was to' be done ; but she was somewhat pacified when Marton suggested that we should take the set up to tovm m the.moming and get th mischief - remedied. I wish I had, that man's promptitude afid nerves. ' " ' The next night saw us in close conference with a detective-Y hate those crawling creatures, but there was no choice— and We to- ' view the situation. ' "Where were the Walcots ? Since they would doubtless brazen it out if, directly challenged, they would probably not bs specially anxibus to couceal their whereabouts. They had spoken of returning to Mrs. Christie's tor a couple of days, and then visiting some -friends before going over to Paris, 'so Mrs. Christie would probably be able to inform us Where they were. Had they the stones with them? "We guessed so, and that theSfe stoues were to be disposed of across the channel. So no time was to be lost; if they went be yond seas, good-bye to our chance of recovering them. Howon earth were, they ever to be got holdof? : YL (Letter from Mr. John Dene.) Kfiarpsfoar, labe ls, 1S86. sib,— - On leaving you after receiving your : instructions, I started for this place, the nearest . station to Lythe Court. There is likely to be Considerable difficulty in getting a foothold at the Court, but I decided to, make myapproacheg hs a groom changing his place and taking a few days' holiday in the neighbourhood, having lived \ as a boy at Newmarket; and knowing consider able about horses: Not to take up "too much tone to the telling, I inay say I was soon :at borne there, and made free bf the servants'-hall, Where, by means of a civil tongue with the upper servants, and a chiruppey manner with : the maids, being also able to sing a lively song; if called upoo, I became frendly with, the lot, so could consider who was likely to be useful, pad learn jhe. ways of the visitors. I found Mrs. ."Walcot didn't have ho maid with her; the heiiskeeperis niece, who was visiting her aunt, lady's-maided her ; bat she was no good, nervous, and no Spirit about her. . There was a middling lot bf servants, what with the visitors but at last I fixed on one, sir, as you might not think. >She was an Indian woman— a nurse— a ayah they call them, to the nieces of ; -the mistress, Mrs. Hamilton, a3 had come from India in the 6pring. She was uncommon dark, rather small, but had a firmish look about her mouth, and her beadish black eyes missed nothing I guessed she would - not Wtick at trifles, and would know as well as .most our common language, which was pounds, shillings, and pence ; and it seemed best to lubricate the machinery freely. When we had coma to an understanding how I wanted something done particularly quiet,' I told her who I was and what I was after, and how this couple was supposed to be in possession of the stoaes known to have_ been changed. I wanted her to find out if they had the stones with them; and if so to get them into her hands, changing them if possible for the false ones, but anyhow getting the stones. And I promised a sovereign down on the nail for every stone, big or little, and there was known to be 157. You should have seen her -eyes glisten when I told her how much it was in their money, rupees, and when I showed her the bag of shiners. I proposed we should pretend to be keeping company, and we should have nothing to bother us hut the others' chaff. She caught on directly. That same night she told me in the shrubbery she had discovered that Mrs. Walcot dressed early for dinner, and always locked her trunks -before coming down, and carried the keys in her pocket ; the little dog Yenus slept in their room; they locked the room-door regularly every night, and there was a small revolver in .her dressing-bag. The first supposition was that the stones, If they had them at all, were in, their trunks. This I much doubted ; still the search had "to be made, and' to do this either the locks must be picked or Mrs. Walcot's keys be got hold bf; the former alternative seemed harder, as the locks would probably be well ' made, but it would take less time than, waiting to secure the keys, and time was an object. Accordingly I put into the ayah's hands a bunch of skeleton keys to try her luck with the locks, and if .they offered no resistance, to overhaul the trunks that night while they were at dinner. Tins , Venture was successful in one way, but not. in another. The woman's skilled fingers mastered the locks, but there were no diamonds. " 4 Plenty of pretty things,' she said, 4 but no diamonds ; she had the wit to see if the trunks had . any secret receptacle. I told her to examine the high heels of her shoes, the thick ivory hair brushes, and all coils of hair, but it was no use. Then. he or she carried them about ? Which ? She for choice, because if found on her it could he attributed to kleptomania, which wouldn't apply to hiin. Beside the complications of a woman's dress afford hiding places which the secretiveness of her character delights in. Concluding, then, that 6he had them about her, wehad tkese difficulties to counteract; 1\. The presence of her husband. 2\. Theiittle dog. 3\. The locked door. 4\. The revolver. 6 Finding the whereabouts of the stones. 6\. Getting them. An hour's quiet walk in the lanes settled my plans. I concluded that the business must be done at night, if it was to be done without resorting to violent measures, and 1\. The husband must be got away for one night. 4 2 Yenus must be dosed with a soporific (and her mistress, too, if nBcessary). 3\. - 1 knew how to overcome this- 4\. The mechanism of the revolver must be disarranged or the cartridges damped 6 and 6 depended on the skill and nerve of : the ayah. And the steps I derided to take "withTegard to each particular were these : 1\. To . get the husband off the ground, he must be summoned away elsewhitherto by a telegram; but from whom, sot hat he would believe it genuine and act on it ? I set Safiyah, that was her name, to watch the letter-bag— not that he was very likely to entrust anything important to -that, which anyone might see: — , and then strolled down to pick up what scraps ; bf information I CQuld by hook or crook at the post-office. ' And here I had' a "fine piece of XuGk, ' As I entered the.office, whom should I see but Mr. Walcot himself, just handing in a telegram. ' What's this name ? Barrett, is it ?' asked the official. 4 Yes, it's phun enough, was the reply in a sharp tons of annoyance. 4 B, a, r, r, e, double t,' slowly sprit the un moved operator, and are these letters E. C. ?' 4 Yes, can't you read ?' replied Mr. Walcot, very wrathfully. 4 E.C.' repeated the man in the same monotonous way as before ; 4 affix the stamp, please/ This was the last straw. 4 you, said my gentleman/ and quitted .the office, slamming. the door ; the telegraph man had to lick the stamps himself. That wasn't my business, though I'd have licked : a hundred stamps for the information- Thud got. Returning at once to my rooms, , I wrote to a friend I often work with to send this message without fsul next day from some office in the E.G. district : 4 To Walcot, Lythe Court, Keinpstbri. Meet toe at the Grand 10 to-night. Barrett and I alto asked him to despatch this at 9.30 noxt night : 4 Walcot, Grand hotel, Trafalgar-square. - Had .to go suddenly, Paris. Barrett.' I should thus get Walcot- away, and too late for him to return that nighty He would come hack- next day- witho at. having his sus picions unduly, roused,. &nd.; ;without hunt ing up Barrett, whoever he was, Supposing .him off for France. I guessed ' he would take , the bait, because he seemed riled at any one hearing Barret's name in the telegraph office. I warned my co-operator by wire f oexpect au im portant letter. . 2\. Half a dozen drops of laudanum In a bit . of chicken at 8 p.m. would settle Yenus com fortably for the night, and two or" three in madam e's cocoatyia would be just enough to make her sleep rather heavily. 3\. I told toe ayah to bring toe the key of the bedroom door at 7.45, when the guests would have sat down to dinner. I had dealt with sueh before. Every key of this kind has a solid stem ending in a knob or boss, which stands outermost in the locked door; within narrow fiat file I divided this boss vertically in a slit an eighth of an inch deep, making, it like a screw. By inserting a small serowdriver or broken pen knife in the slit, it was possibleto make the key reVolvfej and opto tno door ; "in the'" same.'-' way the bolt inight be shot back again and the door relocked, and apparently all be just as before. Of oourssihe lock should be oiled so as to w-ork easily. Most people think it saf er to leave the key in the lock, hut this is -no good if the key hasi been, filed like the one I held, and it. never occurred to Madame Walcot to examine hers. 4\. With a hypodmeric, syringe - which SaSyah hunted up— it belonged to one pf the . fine ladiesr— I injected a . few drops of water through the paper sheath of each cartridge the revolver held. They were safe enough now. AU these points were duly dealt' with; In the first only did we risk much, but our chances were as good as the enemy's, and as "yet the enemy were unsuspecting. As five and six did not depend on me I could only wait ; butT relied on the ayah ; there was a iok -about her riender brown fingers that reminded, me of wonderful - tale? of Indian jugglery. 1 wanted her to take, some chloro form in case of accident, hut she despised this. . Next morning, soon after sunrise, she met me in our usual walk in the shrubbery with a calm face, but in reply to my inquiry : 4 What luck?' unfastened her lieadger and poured into my hat what looked in the bright early sun- shino like a shower of sparkling, dewdrops. I .said not a word till. I had. counted out'into her hands 157 sovereigns ; and when she had stowed them away I asked for the history of her adventure. This she told me at length, but I don't give it here, for she has to take the children to London to-morrow, to meet some other relations, and as she will stay at the Arundel at the Embankment, no great way from the Temple, I thought you, sir, might like to see her yourself and hear her tale from her own lips. " , She had hardly ended when she heard a window open above, and peering up through the Bereen of leaves saw the face of Mrs. Wal cot, looking bright and fresh ui the early morn ing light. I'm a hard man, but I could nothelp feeling sorry for her, deceiver though she was, when I thought how much on the wrong side of the balance her accounts were likely to make up. I shall return by the mid-day express, and bring the diamonds to your chambers in the afternoon. — I am, sir, your obedient servant. JohxDEXE. Sidney Marton, Esq., Temple, London. P.S. — We were only just in time. I heard at the Court this -afternoon, where I strolled so as not to seem to leave hurriedly, that Mr. Walcot was coming down by midday train, and they are off to Paris on Friday. J.D. yh. 4 Well,' said Marton, as he folded up Dene's report, 4 1 suppose that is about the end of the business, except interviewing the man and getting the diamonds. It is to be hoped that the supple-fingered Indian hasn't tricked Dene after all and kept the genuine articles herself. By-the-Way, I should rather like to hear what that women has to tell us.. Step down with me to the Arunden, and we .will try to find her. ' I did not much care to hear anything more about the abominable business ; but as Marton seamed to wish it, and I was to indebted to him in the matter, I smothered my disinclination and went. Safiyah was not hard to find, and this is the tale she told us : 4 As soon as I heard the gentlemen disperse from the smoking-room, and the house at last began to be still, 1 crept downstairs, and quietly sat down in the window-seat at the southern angle of the corridor. I had taken care to open the casement before, and the night was perfectly calm, so that I could catch whatever sounds came from Mrs. Walcot's rooms, as they were reached from the opposite wall ; I heard her talk to her dog Yenus, 44 Poor dear creature, what makes it so sleepy then ?" (I . could have told her) ; I heard her opeu and shut with a click her travelling bag, and soon followed another hard metallic sound, which I guessed came from laying the revolver on the tittle marble table by the bedside ; I heard the clinking of the spoons in her cup of cocoatina, then the sound of the cup and saucer set down; then ten minutes of shuffling, then a long yawn-r-of which I was glad, for it meant drowsiness— the tight went out; but at this time of year there is a dim luster clear enough to see by all night; Soon all was still. I waited there a full hour, that her sleep might be settled and deep. Next I looked to see that all the doors in the corridor were closed, so that there . might be no draught to shut any of them with an awakening bang, thhgh as the night was cahn, there was little chance of that; still it was well tobe on the safe side. Then with the small screw-driver Mr. Dene gave me I softly turned the key, pushing back against the spring, but not relaxing toy hold after the resistance was overcome, so that there was no sound ; then I turned the - handle, and as this, like all at' the Court, was well-fitted ; it made no noise ; inch by inch I opened the door, and at last I stood inside ; I had nothing with me hut the bag containing the false stones, a delicate feather, and my own skill and courage. 4 1 stood and considered. I could see a little and hear more ; the dog was breathing heavily in her basket near the marble table. Mrs. Wal cot had' her face turned the other way mid was fast asleep. Then I slipped round the bed flnfl observed the rieeperr One hand lay outride the coquerlet, the other, was placed beneath her cheekand parted lips, but whether it held any thing coiila not he seen ; nor, as she then lay, could I pass my handbeneath the pillow. And now began my task. You have heard: of the Indian thieves, and how, by . making a sleeper toss about restlessly, they can steal away the very bed-clothes on which he' is lying. All this I knew and many another trick of hand- cunning. ' 4 And now, one slightest touch of - the ,tiny feather, she moved her -head; another touch, her hand stirred ; a third; her head turns half around, and /held loosely iu her fingers, appears in the twilight a small leathern bag. "Now for ' the test of delicate skill ; - hardlya brush, hardly more than a fanning of the surface of -thoreriendbr fingera.and the hold relaxes ; %.f . .. touch1 the bag, the treapnire \ » -«niaej - - — no, not yet — the -hand"- slowly- begina to close again. Shall I snatch |h® - P??20 ? : No ; such roughness is only for dumsy hands ; let be awhile ; yet one more subtle stirting -Of that satin feilk, the faintest ruffle1; her hanfl once more uncloses and remains unclosed ' Softly X . grasp the bag, untying the thhk eord a<|| .... silk, and bury it in my poeket. where the ! diamonds make no sound as they fofri then/. withdrawing my hand,. I unfasten to0: ohfi£ , bag ami insert it in the neck of hers, smoother- ' ing the twp in my shawl as I. reverse their posi tion, to drown thetioisebf the moving stones. And now it is dqhe, the silken band is tied again. — still She sleeps peacefuBy--Uand iastiy X replace the bag near her hand as it was, before. Was it a part of my natorai crurity/ o Jhn pride of triumphant skill, that.made ine yet Once more tomhher hand, which, iaa it opened and reclo3ed again, grasped: the, b&gK; to, com plete the cmlmppf' woman's deception ?. AH over now, .save an easy retreat; one To'pk around to see that no traces are/ left; softly T open the door, softiy pass through, toffly close it again. I go down the states and pass j>ut into the cool night air/where I : walked in tow shrubbery till Mr. Dene came, and l gave i-him the - real - diamonds. - Ah, Sahibs/ she added, 4 you are our masters, but you have a great deal to learn from us/ :. . yhi. r' j ' . But I had an experience yet to come. The next morning Marton and I decided to finish the businete - by taking . the stones, with the settings, to be, replaced ; and When thai was done I "Vowed T would- make my mother keep them in a safe; indeed, I had .written the night before, to GaskeH, the -agent, to order one suitable for the wall in my mother's .bou doir. We were just turning into the jeweller's when — good heavens I— whom should we mefefc face to face but— the Walcots ! I stammered out something, and. .felt hot all' over, and utterly miserable, hardly knowing whether ! was standing on my heels or my head ; -and they did not seem much more at their case, at least Afarton said so afterward. Me was ralm and imperturbable, and never, he said, enjoyed a scene: so much in his life, though the actors played their parte , in a manner , that beneath contempt. At last, after some of the tritest and most trivial remarks, we got disentangled and managed to: say 'good- day.' It was natural to me to be awkward at a crisis, but they were people of toe world ; presently, however, we found what it was that had disconcerted them. . We were just unfolding our business to the jeweller, the same man who had to greatly admired these stane3 a few months before; he remarked how much more fortunate we' were in our pos session than the lady and gentleman who had just gone. 4 How sc? asked Marton. 4 They wished to dispose of -some valuable diamonds, toey Baid, and we were not unwilling to become the purchasers of really good stones, but when they untied the little leathern bag which contained them and poured them on the counter, I saw at a glance that they were not genuine stones, and told them so, I have never seen people more surprised or amazed. He muttered ' After all that trouble, but she had not a word to utter, iu tact she seemed dazed andstupefied. Pray, can you' tell me, sir, who they are, if I may take the liberty; I think they spoke with you as you entered ?' 4 Their name is Walcot, and that is about all I can tell you. , / 4 And Gerard, he said as we departed, 4 that was about enough ; to any one who knew them . it spoke volumes, ay, whole libraries, didn't it ? Anyhow, I think we have been 4 upsides' with them, as they say in your country, this time/ And I thought eo too. — Johq Paslewy ffiWW. " -' 