A LADY'S LETTR F.RO- M SYDNEY. SoME weekes ago, I made up my mind an invalid to be, and an invalid I became; hence I abjured all the pomps and vanities of this wicked world, resolved to cease chronicling items of news from the sphere of fashion, declined to be even amiable to my best friends, and started in a pet one fine morning to get a breath of wild, fresh mountain air, with only a swell of the distant sea about it. Of course, those who know me declared it was just a case of "imaginary ill-health." Really there are people who will not permit one the luxury of being sick sometimes I However, I felt that literary duty would very shortly blight my intellect, so I threw aside my pen and papers and went away. I have only just returned from a delightful trip, invigorated and refreshed; and feel like a boy out of school, possessed of the somewhat unright eous chattiness of a Montaigne. As I have not had all the fashionable tit-bits of social life of the city retailed to me yet, perhaps my readers will let me exhaust my small stock of Arcadian life. Not very far from Sydney is a sweet bit of almost unspoiled country, where rural simplicity still exists, and natural beauties abound. The town which contralises the district is one of those old-fashioned, quiet, half-asleep places which are the veritable backwaters of city life; and though there are more publichouses than are good for the moral health of the community, they are not-of the type of dens to be found in the metropolis. To break the stagnation of thought from which such townships generally suffer, there is a charming reading-room and library; also shops of an unpretentious character, where you may get sound and whole some goods with less fatigue, more attention, and about the same cost as in George and Pitt streets. There is good society of a restricted kind, but that holds one or two whose learned leisure gives a scholastic tone to the talk that eddies round the narrow circle, saturated with classics, literature, and science, in contra distinction to the knowledge possessed on farming, horses, cattle, and poultry-the latter indeed coveted topics to ady anxious to pick up information concerning the prao tical things of life. There are also stories connected with the place: the old story so often told of a love too easily given, and lightly esteemed, end ing in the suicide by drowning of a young and lovely maiden whose ghost haunts the river's banks to the trepidation of old and young inhabitants, especially to lovers in olined to be faithless. This lovely retreat has also statelier stores of history and tra dition, of which, as old writers say, " more anon." By the way, the town boasts a very nice printing office, a well-edited paper, and a very nice editor. The real glory of the place is its beauty. Not a natural charm save that of the mur muring sea is wanting. There are the Blue Mountains of immense altitude; wide com mons, starred with bright field-flowers, with heads of fern soon to be overspread with their branching fronds; the vegetation bearing promise of better harvests than we hlave had lately; leafy roads; fragrant woods, loud with the song of birds, and peopled with squirrels and hares, which lift their startled eyes and bound into space as we draw near; while the patient cattle graze and ruminate, with never a thought given to our approach, nor the faintest care for our laughter or footsteps. There are navigable crooks, and charming walks, where every beauty proper to woodland paradise is to be found -every beauty in its pristine fascination, unmarked by the hand of civilisation. But the poor old gum-trees have perforce to be out down by the sturdy stroke of the seleo tor. There they lie sawn through the trunk-" ring- barked " I think is the tech nical term-red as living flesh, and as pathetic as dead creatures passed from joy to eternal sleep. Whore they have not been out down they have been uprooted by the recent storm; or they have been so far shaken that they are leaning against their stouter neighbours, unable to support them selves unassisted. Everywhere the eye rests on some loveliness, while the sweet peacefulness entrances the senses, and soothes the tired brain beyond deserip ot;nn Who would not exolehange tho hurrying to and fro of many fooeet and eager faoos in crowded Sydney streets for this solitude, this restful seclusion that is not dulness and still iess deserted loneliness ? For the shop-windows are full of bonnets, of stuffs, of jewels, of toys. Instead of German hands we have the feathered choristers, thrilling their ohords of honied harmony; for the rattle of wheeled vehicles the pat tering of bush denizens; for society, nature; for luxury, simplicity; for hurry, repose; and for newspapors, the record of the eyes of observation. Truly, those are the best of enjoyments- always saving that unavoid able loss of friends and favourites who maLke lifo complete and our happiness without a flaw. Yet kindness and friendship can always be found by those who seek. Tob have, we must give, and the generous heart attracts iteakind as the magnet attracts steeool. Sup. pose I take the gentle lady, my compamon, as an example, with her gracious ways of kindness and patience to a quasi-invalid. It would offer a fair field of human worth, a rose-garden of tender virtues, to deal with reverently. Hers was the good spirit of all my welfare. Then there is the ever-nuxious landlady who provides for overy comfort; brisk, energetic, capable, and untiring-she is as a mine of gold to us in that new place. She knows all the walks and favourite nooks of beauty, and guides us to them. She is a Martha also of the best kind, thought ful in seeking and providing good things. The days glide past in swift and silent pleasure. The sun shines, the far-off cattle low, a distant dog barks, the bleat of a stray sheep breaks the quiet of the air; and everywhere, each day, the morning and evening songs are hushed in the noontide warmth. Echoes of unrosting Sydney life used to come to me like sounds heard in sleeoop, and the din of fierce work-a-day struggles were softened and subdued. I had exchanged wisely for a season, recitals of those heated political controversies which have a wild fascination irresistible in them when one is in town, that splendour of social excite ment, for the quiet of a small country place slumbering peacefully at the foot of the mountains, where afternoon tea, dinners, evenings at the theatre or ball-room, and all the rest, were represented by drives through the forest of this lovly Arcadia, with pleasant companions, and nature as the friend of all. On Sundays we went to church an c3/d the privilege of hearing excellent ser'nad from a, dean of the Romish persuasion, who is, without exception, the most daring preacher I ever heard. At this certain place of worship the preacher took occasion, before his sermon, to reprove his flock for several misdemeanours, such as being niggardly in their offertory; failing to pay pew rent; writing anonymous letters to him; traducing the moral characters of neighbours, &o.; Unlike the majority of pulpit utterances, specially devised to be " meek and mild," this earnest, plain spoken preacher refused to be connected with a body of worshippers who departed from the pure and simple teachings of our Christian faith; and in plain language he "dealt it out " to the congregation as strongly as any one could. All honour, I say, to every spiritual pastor who fear lessly expresses his convictions ; all honour also to any congregation who thus humbly accepts their pastor's rebukes. In both cases it requires peculiarly constituted minds to walk placidly along the path of duty. But it is well to contrast the con cessions and conciliations of wide-spread brotherly charity which prevail in the Romish church in comparison with the Anglican body. Although I am not a Papist, I admire their magnanimity: as the poet tells us of the " Three Singers," one playing the music of our dreams, the other singing in the market-place, and the other of contrition, of whom the Great 1Master said- I 0oe No host in kind, but in degrees: I gave a various gift to oeaoh To bcharm, to strengthen, anod to teach. After three weeks of delicious sunshine the Storm-king, or rather I should say Storm-fiend, visited us; and those terrible days will long be remembered as a period of black skies, drenching rain, cutting winds, and general misery. The township, and much of the open flats and low-lying land, were converted into yellow lakes, every gutter became a turgid torrent, every lane a cascade. Several of the selectors' homos were swamped, while the cattle, sheep, &o.;, suffered pitiably. There was more navigable water than traversable land-in fact it was too (g)utterly (g)utter I June 5. Apropos of Colohester elections, a good story is told of Mr. Karslaklo Q.O. When that gentleman was contesting thie borough in 1868, he sought to win the elsopkeepers by making extensive purchases of them. At one shop he ordered a large trunk to be made for him. " But," objected the trader, "I-don't make trunks." "Well, what are you, then ?" inquired the candidate. "An undertaker." " Oh I" and Mr. Karslalke's countenance fell in contemplating the awk ward position he had placed himself in. But he also immediately rejoined, " Well, never mind, you can make mIe a coffin, and send it to my London address." To this, however, Mrs. Karslake strongly objected on hearing of the transaction. Mr. Kars lake then directed that the coffin should be sent to his chambers, adding that it would make a good receptacle for Bevan's Reports. The annual review of the industrial pro gross of the Southern States of America, published in the Baltimore MIanufaoturers' Record, shows that the capital represented by now mining and manufacturing enter prises organised in 1888 was 168,800,000 dols. During 1888 there were organised in the South 8618 new enterprises, against 8480 in 1887 and 1575 in 1886. In the South, since the year 1880, 20,000 miles of railroad have been built. Cotton mills have increased from 180, with 15,222 looms and 718,980 spindles, in 1880, to over 800 mills, with about 88,000 looms and 1,800,000 spindles. The value of cotton goods made in the South was 21,000,000 dols. in 1880 and nearly 50,000,000 dole, for 1888. The production of grain rose from 481,074,680 bushels in 1880 to 626,805,000 bushels in 1887, being an increase of nearly 200.000.000 bushels. Making It Useful to the Last.-T-here is a man in Paris the handles of whose knife and fork are made from the hone of his amputated arm. "Look hero, Jones," said a rich fellowr to his former schoolmate, who had askeld for aid, "this is the second time you've applied to me this mouth. I'm afraid you don't live within your means." "Ah," said Jones, " I'm just trying to find the moans to live within." TRnoAT A'FlorioNS AND lOASENEasbS.-All suf. taring from irritation of the throat and hoarsonoess will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bronchial Troches." Those famous lozonges are now sold by meost respectable chemists in this country at 1/15 per box. People troubled with a "hackling cough," a "slight cold," or bronchial affoections, cannot try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to pro gross, rosult in sorious Pulmonary and Asthmatia ahtections. Sco that the words "Brown's Bronehiol Troches" are on the Govermeont Stamp around each box.--'Prepard by John I. Brown & Sons, Boston, United SLtates. European Dopht, J. Farringdon ?toad, London,-Advt, 1727. 