| COLONEL QUARITCH, V.C. A TALE OF COUNTRY LIFE. BY H. BIDES HAGOABD, Author of "Kins Solomon'aMine*," "Allan Quter inline," "Jess,"' "She," &c.; CHAPTER XLUL GEORGE IS SEEN SO U0GH. , Ida and her father reached the vestibule to find Edward Cossey atanding with hisfaoe to the mantelpiece and nervously toying with some curiosities upon it. fie was, as nanal, dressed with great o&re;, and his face, though pale and worn from the effects of agitation of mind, looked if anything handsomer than ever. As soon as he heard them oomtng, which owing to his partial deafness he did not do till they were quite close to him, he turned round with a atari, and a sadden flush oi oolour came npon his pale face. The Squire shook hands with him In a solemn sort of way, like people do when they meet at a funeral) and Ida barely touched his ontstretohed fingers with her own, A few random remarks followed about the weather, which really for once in ft way was equal to the conversational strain put upon it, but at length these died away and there came an awful pause. It was broken at length by the 3quire,| who, standing with his back to the fire, his eyes fixed upon the wall oposite, after mnoh humming and hawing, delivered himself thus . " I understand-, Mr. Cosssy. that yon have oome to hear my daughter's final deoislon on the matter of the proposal of marriage whioh yon have made and renewed to her. - Now, of course, this is a very important question, veiy important indeed, and it is one with whioh I cannot presume even to seem to interfere. Therefore, I shall without com ment leave my daughter to speak for herself." " One moment before she does, so," he in terrnpted, drawing indeed but a poor augury of snooess from Ida's icy looks. "I have oome to renew my offer and to take my final answer, and I beg Miss de la Molle to consider how deep and slnoere maBt be that affection whioh has endured through so many rebuffs. I know, orat the least Ifear,that I do not ocoupy the plaoe in her feelings that I should wish to, but I look to time to change this; at any rate I am willing to take my ohanoe. As regards money, 1 repeat the offer that I have already made. " There, 1 should not say too much about that," broke in the Squire, Impatiently. " Oh, why not ?" said Ida, in bitter sarcasm. "Mr. Cossey knows it is one of the best arguments with our sex. I presume that as a preliminary to the renewal of the engage ment, the persecution of my father, whioh is being carried on by your lawyer, will cease? " Absolutely." " And if the engagement is not renewed the money will of ooune be called in." " My lawyers advise that it should be," he answered, sullenly; "but see here, Ida, you may make your own terms about money. Marriage, after all, is practioally a matter of bargaining, and I am not going to stand out about the price." " You are really 'most generous," went on Ida, in the same bitter tone, the irony of which made her father wince, for he under stood her mood better than did her lover. "I only regret that Ioannot appreciate the generosity more than I do. But it is at least in my power to give you the return whioh you deserve. So I can no longer hesitate, bat once and for all" And she stopped dead, and stared at the glass door as though she saw a ghost. Both her father and Edward Cossey followed the motion of her eyes, and this was what they saw. Up the steps came Colonel Quaritoh and George, Both were pale and weary looking, but the former was at least olean. As for George, this oould not be said. Hia head was BtiU adorned with the red night oap, his hands were out and dirty, and on his clothes was an unlimited quantity of en orusted filth. " What the dickens" began the Squire, and at that moment George, who was leading, knocked at the door. "You oan't oome in now," roared the Squire; "don't yon see that we are engaged?" ?" But we must oome in, Squire, begging your pardon," answered George, with deter mination, as he opened the door," we've got that to say as won't keep." "I tell you that it must keep, Bir, said the old gentleman, working himBelf into a rage. " Am I not to be allowed a moment's privacy in my own house 7 I wonder at your eonduot, Colonel Quaritoh, in foroing your presence upon me when I tell yon that it is not wanted." " I am sure that I apologize, Mr. de la Molle," began the Colonel, utterly taken abaok," but what I have to say is" " The best way that you can apologize is by withdrawing, answered the Squire with majesty. "I shall be most happy to hear .a hat you have to Bay on another occasion." "Oh, Squire, Squire, don't besuchafule, begging your pardon for the word," said I George in exasperation. " Don't go a knock ing of your bead agin a brick wall." "Will you be oflT sir." roared his master I in a voioe that made the walls shake. By this time Ida had recovered herself. She seemed to feel that her lover had soine I thing to say that oonoerned her deeply probably she read it in his eyes. "Father," she said, raising her voioe,"I won't have Colonel Quaritoh turned away i from the door like that. If you will not admit him I will go outside and hear what it I is that he has to say." In his heart the Squire held Ida in some awe. He looked at her, and saw that her eyeB were flashing and her breast heaving, and he gave way. "Oh, very well, sinoemy daughter insists on it pray oome in," and be bowed. " If suoh an intrusion falls in with your ideas of deoenoy it is not for me to complain." "I aocept your invitation," answered Harold, looking very angry," beoause I have something to say which you must hear, and hear at once. No, thank yon, I will stand. Now, Mr. de la Molle, it is this, wonderial as it may seem. lit has been my fortune to discover the treasure hidden by Sir James de la Molle in the year 1648," There was an universal gasp of astonish-, ment. "What'."said the Squire, "Why I thought that the whole thing was a myth." " No. that it ain't, air," aaid George with a melanonoly smile," cos I've seen it," Ida had annk Into a ohair. " What Is the amount 7" she asked in a low eager voioe. "1 have been unable to ealoulate exactly, bnt, speaking roughly, it cannot be much under fifty thousand poundB, estimated on the value of the gold alone. Here iB a specimen of it,' and Harold pulled out a handful of rials and other coins, and pouted them on to the table. Ida hid her face in her hand, and Edward Coney, realising what this most unexpected developments events might mean for him, began to teemble. "Tshould not allow myself to be too maoh elated, Mr. de la Moiled' he said with a sneer, "for even if this tale bs troe, it is treasure trore, and belongs to the Crown." " Ah,' said the Squire," I never thought of that." _ . ' . j '* Bat I have/ said the Colonel quietly. " If X remember right, the last of the original de la Uollea left a will In which he apeoially devised this treasure hidden by his father to your ancestor. That this is the identical treasure I am fortunately in a position to prove by this parohment," and be laid the writing that be had found with the gold upon the table. "Quite right-Kiuite right," said the Squire, " that will take it oat of the ooBtom." "Perhaps the solicitor to the Treasury may hold a different opision," said Cossey with another nieer. 1 Just then Ida took her hand from her face. There was a dewy look about her eyes, and the last ripples of a happy smile lingered ronnd the corners of h«r month, ! !'Koirtkat we have heard what Colonel Quaritoh had to say,' she said in her softest voioe, and addressing her. father, " there is no reason why we should not finish our busi ness with Mr. Cossey.' Here Harold and George turned to go, bntshe waved them baok imperiouslyi and began speaking before any one wmld interfere, taking up her speech where she had broken it off when she oanght sight of the Colonel and George ooming up the steps. "I can no longer hesitate," she said, bat onoe and for aul.deoline to marry yon, Mr, Cossey, and I hope that 1 shall never see your fade again.' ? At this announoemeut the bewildered Squire pat his hand to bis head. . Edward Cossey staggered .visibly and rested himself against the table, while George murmured audibly, "That's a gocd job." " Listen," eaidlda,. rising from'her, ohair, her dark eyes flashing as tne thought of-all the shame and agony that she had undergone rose op within her mind. "Listen,.Mr. Cossey," and,she pointed her finger at him, " this is the history o? onr oonneotion. Some months ago I was so foolish, taking you for a gentleman, as to ask yonr help in the matter of the mortgages which your bank was calling,in. Ton then praotioally made terms that if it should at any time be your wish I should become engaged to yon, and 1, having no option, accepted. Then, in the interval, while it was inconvenient to yon to enforoe your rights, I gave my affection elsewhere. Bat when yon, having deserted the lady who stood in your way-no, do not internpt me, I know It, t know it all, I know it from her own lips-came forward and olalmed my {>romise, I was foroed to assent. Then a oophole of esoape presented itself and 1 availed myself of it What followed T Ton again became possessed'of power over my father and this place, yon insulted the man I loved, you resorted to every expedient that the law would allow to torture my father and myself. You Bet your lawyers upon ns like dogs upon a hare, you held rain over as, and again and again you offered me money, aB muoh money as 1 wished, if only X would sell myself to you. And then yoa bided yonr time, leaving despair to do its work, "I saw the toils dosing ronnd us. I knew that if I did not yield my father wonld be driven from his home in his old age, and that the place he loved better than his fife would pass to strangers-wonld pass to yoa. No, father, do not stop me, I toill apeak my mind. : " And at last I determined that ooet what it might I would yield. Whether I could have oarried out my determination God only knows. 1 almost think that I should have killed myself npon my marriage day. X made np my mind. Sot five minutes ago the very words were npon my Hps {that would have sealed my fate, when deliverance came. And now go. I have done with yoa. Tonr money shall be paid to you, capital and interest, down to the last farthing. I tender baok my frice, and knowing yon for what yon ore, I despise you. That is all I have to say." "Well, if that beant a master one," ejaculated George, alond. Ida, who bad never looked more beautiful than she did in this moment of passion, turned to seat herself, bnt the tension of her feelings and the torrent of her wrath and eloquence had been too muoh for her and she would have fallen had not Harold, who had been listening amazed to this overpowering outburst of natnre, run up and oanght her in his arms. Ab for Edward Cossey, he had ahrnnk baok involuntarily beneath the volume of her scorn, till he stood with his baok against the panelled wall. His faoe was white as a sheet; despair and fur; shoce in hia large dark eyes. Never had he desired this wotnan more fiercely than he did now, in the moment when he knew that- ahe had esoaped him for ever. In a sense he was to be pitied, for passion tore his heart in twain. For a moment he stood thus, and then with a spring rather than a step, he advanced across the room till he was faoe to faoe with Harold, who, with Ida half fainting still in his arms, and her head npon his shoulder, was standing on the further side of the great open grate. " you," he said," I owe this to yon you half-pay adventnrer," and he lifted his arm as though to strike him. "Come, none of that," said the Squire, speaking for the first time, " I will have no brawling here." " No,' put in George, edging his long form between the two, " and begging your pardon, air, don't yon go a-oalling of better men than yourself adwenturers. At any rate, if the Colonel is an adwentsrer, he has adwentured to some purpose, as fa easy to see," and he pointed to Ida lying in his asms. " Hold your tongue, sir," roared the Squire, as usual relieving his feelings on his retainer. "You are always shoving your oar in where it isn't wanned." "Allright.Squire,all right," said George the imperturbable; '* then his manners shouldn't be sioh." . " Do you mean to allow this r said Cossey, turning fiercely to the old gentleman. " Do Son mean to allow this man to marry your anghter for her money f 41 Mr. Cossey," answered Ithe Sqpire, with his politest and most old-fashioned bow, " whatever sympathy I may have felt for yoa is being rapidly alienated by yonr manner. I told yon that my daughter most speak for herself. She has spoken very clearly, 'and,in short, I have absolutely nothing to add to her words." " I tell you what it 1b," CoBsey said, shaking with fury, "I have been tricked and fooled and played with, and so sure as there is a God above ns I will have my revenge on yon all somehow. The money that this man says that he has fbnnd belongs to the Queen and not to you, and I will take care that the proper people are informed of it before yon can make away with it, and when that is taken from you, if, indeed, the whole thing is ' not a trick, we will see what will happen to you. I tell you that I will take this property and I will pall this old place yoa are so fond of down stone by stone and throw It into the moat, and send the plough over the site. I will sell the estate pieoemeal and blot it out. I tell yon I have been tricked yon enconraged the marriage yourself, 70a know you did, and yon forbade that man the house, and he paused for breath and to collect his word*. Again the Squire bowed, and his bow was a study in itself. Yon do not see suoh bows sow a days. "One minute, Mr. Gossey," he said very 'quietly, for it was one of hit peculiarities to .become abnormally quiet in otrcumsuwcea of real emergency, "and then I think that we may close this painful interview. When first I knew you I aid not like yon. Afterwards, through various circumstances, X mortified my opinion and set my dislikedown to prejudioe. Yon are quite right in saying that I encour aged the idea of a marriage between you and my daughter, and . also that t forbade the house to Colonel Quaritoh. I did so beoanse, to be honest, I saw no other way of avoiding the utter rain of my family; but perhaps 1 was wrong in so doing. _ I hope that you may never be plaoed in a position which will force you to snch a decision. Also at the time, indeed never till this moment, have I quite resized how the matter really stood. 1 did not understand how strongly my daughter was attaobed in another direction, perhaps I was unwilling to understand it. Nor did I altogether understand the course of aotion by whioh it seems you obtained a promise of marriage from my daughter in the first instance. I was anxious for the marriage beoause I believed you to be a better man than you are, and beoause I thought that it would place my daughter and her descendants in a muoh improved position, and that she would in time become attached to you.- I forbade Colonel Quaritoh the house because I thought tnat an alliance with him would be most undesirable for everybody concerned. I find that in all this I was anting Wrongly, and I frankly admit it Perhaps aB we grow old we grow worldly alio, and jou and your agents pressed me very hard, Mr, Cossey. Still I have always told you that my daughter was a free agent and must deoide for herself, and therefore I owe you no apology on that, soore. So much then for the question of your eng»gemenc to Miss de la Mulle. It iB done with. "And now as regards the threats you make. I shall try to meet them as occasion arises, and if I cannot do so it will be my misfortune. But one thing they show me, though I am sorry to have to say it to any man in a house which I can still call my own -they show me that my first impreuionB of you were the oorreot ones. You are not a . gentleman, Mr. Cossey, and I muBt beg to decline the honour of your further acquain tance," and with another bow he opened the vestibule door and stood holding the handle in his hand. Edward Cossey looked round with a stare of rage and then uttering one most compre hensive curse he stalked from the room, and in another minute was driving fast through the ancient gateway. Poor man! Let us pity him, for he also certainly got his full due. George followed him to the outer door and then he did a thing that nobody had seen him do before, he burst into a loud laugh. " What are you making that noise about 1" asked hiB master sternly. " Thisisnolaughing matter." tm Hiyi!" ^replied George pointing to the retreating dog-cart-" ht's a-going to pull down the castle Bnd throw it into the moat and to send the plongh over it, is he ? Him -that varmint 1 Why, them old towers will be a-standing there when his beggarly boneB is duet, and when his name aint no more a name; and there'll be one of the old blood sitting in them too. I knaw it, and I hev alius knawed it. Come, Squire, though you alius du say how as I'm a fule, wbat did I tell yer? Didn't I tell yer that Prowidence weren't a-going to let thiB plaoe go to any laryers or bankers or thim sort. Why, of course I did. And now you see. Not bat what it is all owing to the Colonel. He was the man that fonnd it, but then God Al mighty taught him how to do. It. Bat he's a good un, he is; and (a gentleman-not like him," and he once more pointed ftith unutter \- able scorn to the road down whioh Edward Cossey had vanished. . " Now, look here," eaid the Squire, " don't you stand here talking all day about things you don't understand. That's the way you waste time. You be off and look after this . gold; it should not be left alone, you know. We will oome down presently to Molehill, for I suppose that is where it is. No, I oan't . stop to hear the story now, and besides, 1 want Colonel Quaritch to tell it to me." " All right, Squire," said George, touching his red nightoap, "I'll be oft, and he started. " George," holloaed his master after him, j but George did not stop. He had a trick of deafness when the Squire was calling and he wanted to go somewhere else, " Confound you," roared the old gentleman, '" why don't you stop when I call you ?" This time George brought his long, lank frame to a standstill, " Beg pardon, Squire." " Beg pardon, yes-you're always begging pardon. Look here, you had better bring your wife and have dinner in the servants hall to-day, and drink a glass of port.'' "Thank you, Squire," said George, again tonohing his red nightcap. "And look here, George, give me yonr hand, man. Here's a merry Christmas to you. We've gone thronge some queerlsh times about this plaoe together, but now it. almost looks as though we were going to end our days in peace and plenty." " Same to you, Squire, I'm sure, same to you," said George, pulling off his oap. " Yes, yes, we've had some baa years, what with poor Mr. James and that Quest and Cossey ' (he's the master varmint of the lot he is), ana the bad times and the Moat Farm ana all; but, bless you Squire, now that there'll be ? aome ready money and no debts, why, if I don't meke out somehow eo that you all get a good living out of the place, I'm a Dutch man. Yes, it's been a bad time and we're . getting old, but there, that's how it is, the sky almost alias olears toward nightfall. Goa Almighty haB a mind to let one down easy, I suDpose." " If you would talk a little leBB about God Almiphty. and come to Church a little more, ' it Would be a good thing, as I've told you before," said the Squire; "but there, go aloc R with you." And the honest fellow went. 