THE SCULLING CVAUPIOmhliP. -* TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-As an old Australian of nigh half a century, I claim my right of opinion re the sculling championship. 1 ask what man of common sense or dignity dare dispute that the above-mentioned championship does belong to New South Wales, Australia, as it was forfeited or rather handed over to Peter Kemp by our worthy and unbeaten champion, William Beach, he having declined to row Kemp, after which Kemp held the title against all corners for some time, until our late lamented H. E. Searle wrested it from him? Then Searle, on his own account, bring the boat judge of his own prowess, journeyed to Old England, and on neutral waters defeated the best sculler known in the old world (viz., O'Connor), who indisputably is the best of American scullers. Searle not only beat him easily by six or eight lengths, but had the giant American killed in the first mile in fact, he had not the ghost of a show with our great Australian. Therefore I ask, how can anyone in America, or anyone else anywhere, assume such arrogant audacity by presuming to lay claims to our Austral laurels ? I am so persuaded, by all just and honourable reflection, without any doubt the sculling championship of the world justly and honourably reverts to the ex-champion, Peter Kemp, and no one else living. 1 state the above convictions (notwithstanding the late desire of our dear departed champion), although in effect he meant to convey my opinion. I am further convinced that Mr. Peter Kemp is in duty bound to challenge the colonies (or perhaps the world) in a competitive contest. For if he does not, American scullers have, then he will only have himself to blame, and bring humility on Australia. For, should a division of claimants take place, it will cause endless controversy and strife for > years to come. Now, if Peter does challenge the world, even if he loses which is an almost certainty in my judgment, for all that I feel sure he would be a proud man because he would have the honour and glory of knowing that another champion like H, E. Searle is left in Australia to up- hold the proud distinction of that honoured name. I am. c. K. J. SOMERVILLE. i Dec. 20. 