ADOLPHUS' SYDNEY' SIMPK1.NS.! “ Pay !” exclaimed Siupkms. burst: n: into my office like an undersized litirri c..ue out of work. Then falling ex hausted in * •> a chair lie continued— v It’s a.l right, old fellow, I have hit it at- last." •• Hit what ?” -.['I:: rod timed, fearing hn miirfif. meaii his mother—in—law. \- Why, a-dodge that will make all Melb uirne talk.” Now .Simpkins is a young journalist of no mean merit, hut unfortunately, newspaper proprietors considered him a risky speculation, and so he was at the time L write, a diligent inspector of public buildings ami side walks, which may he a very interesting occupation, hut not one calculated to keep a man with a wife in food and clothing. So I replied that I was glad to hear it, hut hoped that there would be more than talk in the “ dodge.” AH that could he got from Simpkins wus that the affair required a little capital, and if 1 would advance him £1 1 should not regret it. Haring obtained this, Simpkins deparlcl, hut returned soon afterwards, and offered to lav two t> one on the success of his plan. I accepted the offer, and lie departed gleefully, promising to come in and claim his bet in four day’s time. I thought no more of Simpkins or his dodges, until ■ Km the second day after the af .rementioued conversation, 1 noticed the fallowing paragraph in one ■of the daily papers :—“ What appeals to be a case of determined suicide has ’been reported to the police, hate last night a young man of respectable appear ance hired a boat house at Princess Bridge. He also ordered the boatman to place a ten pound weight in the boat, but did not say why he required the -weight. After ar. absence of three -hours, the waterman becoming anxious for the safety of his property, proceeded up the river for some distance, and pereeiwd ihe boat floating down stream apparently empty. He immediately procured a ferry, and with the assistance of a man named Jones succeeded in towing his empty .boat ashore. On landing, however, he discovered lying in the bottom a man’s coat, .trousers ai.d hoots, similar to those worn hv the mail who had hired the boat. The affair was reported to the police, and the; deceased appears to he Sydney Simpkins, a young man well known in press circles. The demised leaves a long letter of which the following is a copy Then followed a whole column of cleverly written matter explaining the reason for his committing suicide, ami jit the end lie asked that, should the newspapers think it worth publishing I they would do a worthy act in each paiing to his wife £2 for the privilege '.of s i doing. The next day the evening papers stated that dragging operati ms laid been commenced.’but up to a laic hour the body had not been recover! d. The news grieved- me • great! r, ns I liked Simpkins, and had great hopes of his some day hemming famous. And 8 > young, to >. What would his pour wife do all alone in this great city with no one to console her. But stay ! Yes there was ! I would go and see her myself. Perhaps I might lie able to do something for her. So having had a black band fixed on my hat I took the train to St. Hilda. On arriving at the Simpkins’ residence I was rather sur prised to find the blinds up and Mrs Simpkins playing the piano. She stopped short on hearing the hell ring, and I believe I saw some one peep through the curtains, after which there was a lot of shutting of doors, and at last I was admitted and introduced into a sitting room, where upon the sofa Mrs Simpkins was sitting dressed in a light mourning gown, und she rose at my en rar.ee and. blushing slightly, held out her hand. I thought I detected a smell of tobacco in ti e room, hut what a-tnnislicd me more was the appearance of tl.e widow Simpkins. There were no signs of emotion in her face, ami she looked moie like a newly married bride than a bereaved widow. After learning that no less than four Melbourne papers and two Sandhurst dailies bail forwarded their £2 for the privilege of publishing mv poor friend’s letter, I hastily took mv leave, much grieved and greatly disgusted with the conduct of the bereaved (?) widmv. 1 was cogitating over his interview in mv office next morning, when J was disturbed by a knock at the door. I did not look round at the moment, but telling the visitor to take a chair. 1 pre pared to transact any business lie might have in hand, .lust- then the visitor coughed, and looking round I started to mv feet partly with astonishment and partly with fright, for low ami behold who shoti’d lie there but Mr Adolphus Sydney Simpkins—or was it an appari tion ? Hut no, that could not lie, the object spoke and grinned. “ What ! Who ! How the-did you get here ? 1 thought you were drowned !” r The fellow hurst out laughing. This was too much. After enusing me end less grief, trouble—not to speak of expense, black hat, hands, and this cost money—to come to life again, and then to add insult to injury by laughing in my face on our first meeting. If it had been his ghost now I might have par doned the occurrence, hut the real live Simpkins—never! At last he stopped, and trying to look serious, said : Well, old man, I have come to claim that bet. D1'trouble you for £10 if you have it hanilv.” The devil ; and this to me ? Master ing myself with difficulty I drew a £10 note from my pocket and handed it to hint silently. To mv surprise he disre garded the money, and taking hold of mv hand gave it a hearty shake exclaim ing at the sume time - “ C-i me, no more of*this foolery, there’s a good fellow, and I’ll tell ybu all about it.” This was hotter, so I replied ill the same strain. “ Yon see," continued lie. “ l "'as hard ' pressed for money, and having obtained a billet in Sydney, money 1 j laid to jret, cost "'hat it may, but not iking to ask my friends to lend me any iUi,ro, 1 res ,r!ud to the “ dodge”’ which by this time is the talk” of Melbourne. So yon see I have made a name, and "bat is lietter at least £20. Tbe latter I intend to take to Sydney, and tbe •• name,” well, [ think 1 bad better leave that to tbe. tender mercies of the Melbourne press. L laughed heartily over tbe tvliole affair, and with difficulty making bim take tbe money lie bad won by the bet,' 1 said good bye and wished bim a pleasant journey to tbe mother colony. 1 have come to the conclusion that Adolphus Sydney Simpkins is indeed a very enterprising young journalist. From bis lust letter I bear be is getting on very well in Sydney, and hopes some day to make a name of a different des cription. The New York Evening Wurld recently offered a prize for tbe best fish story, and Mr ,1. L. Gunckel. of Toledo, Ohio, won tin: prize with this yarn :— “ I was in a boat off Edgewater on Ten Mile Creek, a tributary to Lake Eyrie, fishing for perch. Near tbe wild rice on tbe opposite side ofthe stream 1 noticed; every now and then, tbe splash of a larue fish, and. thinking there might be a hungry pike feeding, I changed niv tackle. hookedZa live-inch perch, securely behind the dorsal fin, and made a cast. A heavy strike, the reel spun, and a second strike followed. Tbe movement of the fish ceased, and a trembling sen sation in tbe line and rod wasex|eri euced, which moved to tbe centre of the stream, anil a regular shaking ensued, resembling a terrier worrying a rat. I gave a jerk ; no effect ; tbe sensation continued tbe more savagely ; it felt very heavy. Gradually 1 hauled in, and, when within a few feet of my boat, J saw tbe trouble. A !)!b. pike laid a savage bold of. tbe bead of the perch, a 71b. dog-fish a firm bold of the tail, and I tbe book remained in its original posi- I tioii between the-beads of tbe two fish who were struggling for tbe perch, nnd this continued after L bad landed them, and lieilber would let go tbe bait. The two large fish were caught without the book touching either.” Many good stories naturally find n place in tbe autobiographical work just issued by Mr Sims. Rees, “Fifty Years of artistic Life.” The tenor was for some lime associated .with Maereadv, tbe tragedian. We learn that Macieadv, when be bad to exhibit himself in furious anger in his part, employed a couple of supernumeraries to buffet him, pinch bis toes, and irritate him generally, and that while they were fanning tbe flames of bis passion be would stimulate them by such remarks, “ More, you beasts.’’ Wlien the explosive point bad been reached, Mueready would make a fierce lunge at bis prodding assistants, per haps upsetting them, and then bis dramatic rage would have all tbe fire of reality. Effects of Close Shaving.—Do you know what a dose shave means ? asks a writer. 1 never did until L looked at a face tbe other day through a microscope which bad been treated to this luxurious process. Why, the...entire skin re sembled a piece of raw beef. To make tbe face perfectly smooth requires not only tbe removal of the hair, but also a portion of tbe cuticle : and a close shave means tbe removal of a layer of skill all round. Tbe blood vessels thus exposed are not visible to tbe eye,- but under tbe microscope each little quivering mouth bolding a minute blood drop protests against such treatment. The nerve tips are also uncovered, and the pores are left unprotected, which makes tbe skin tender and unhealthy. This sudden exposure of tbe inner layer of tbe skin renders a person liable to incur colds, hoarseness, and sore throat. Lieut. Snhwatak has reported tbe discovery of a large trbe of cave dwellers in the unexplored regions of Northern Mexico. Their abodes are exactly like tbe old abandoned cliff dwellings of Arizona and North Mexico. So wild and timid were the. inmates that it was hardly possible to get near them. Upon the approach of white people they usually make to their caves or cliffs bv means of notched sticks placed against the face of the cliffs. They also ascend perpendicular cliffs without the use of these sticks if there are the slightest crevices for their fingers and toes. A number of children, playing in a deep canyon, were, interrupted, and imme diately fled to the low brnsh and rocks, and could not be found, hiding as com pletely as young quail. These cave dwellers are usually tall, and well formed, their skin being blackish red, much nearer the color of the negro than the copper-colored Jndian of the United States. They are said to bo sun-wor shippers. An interesting discovery has just been made at Mr Brynnt’s brickworks, Baptist Mills, Bristol, England. Some men were digging clay for manufactur ing purposes, when, a few feet below the surface, they discovered a leaden coffin intact-. Aft long and 27in broad. T'pi n opening the lid the skull, spinal column, leg bones, and teeth were found in the clay with which tlie coffin had been partly filled. The renmrns weie exa mined bv a medical man, who considered them to he those of 4 young man, and the coffin was of Saxon jioriod. A new restaurant in Eon do:- is to be run, so as to furnish travellers of even nation with their aceustomcd food. Yankees will be served with canvas back ducks, terrapin, clams, American oysters, green corn, and other products of the country in season. 