THE PEKNYCOME0UICKS. By S. BARIfcG-GOULD, Author of «? Mehalah,' ?' Court Royal,' ' John Herring,' ?? The Gaverocks.' &c.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Ch after XXV. — Without Bells. Virgilius, Bishop of Salsburg in the eighth century, condemned the erroneous doctrine held by some that we have anti podes. It was no doubt true that men in the middle ages had not their antipodes, bot it is certainly otherwise now. Where our fathers heads were, there now are our feet. Everything is the reverse in this generation of what it was in the last. Medicine condemns those things which medicine did enjoin, azid enjoins those things which were forbidden. What oar parents revered that we turn into bur leec^ue, and what they cast aside as worth less that we collect and treasure. Maxims that moulded' the conduct in the last generation are trampled underfoot in this, and principles thought immutable are broken by the succeeding age, as royal seals are broken on the death of the sovereign. If we were bred up by our fathers in high Toryism when of age vre turn a somersault and pose as social democrats ; if we learned the Gospel at our mother's knee we pro fess Buddhism with the sprouting of our whiskers. The social and moral barriers set np by onr fathers we throw down, and just as pigs when driven in one direction turn their snouts the other way so do we, so do our children, which is an evidence in favor of Darwinianism, showing that the porcine character still Inheres. It was regarded of old as a canon by romance writers that the final chapter of the last volume, be It the seventh as In the days of Richardson, or the third as in these of Mudie and Smith, should end with the marriage of the hero and heroine. A cruel and wayward fate held the couple apart through the entire story, but they came together in the end. And there was a reason for this. Marriage is the climax of the romance of life. It concludes one epoch and opens another, and that which it opens Is prosaic. It was concluded, and concluded with some show of reason, that a romance should deal with the romantic period of life and finish when that reaches its apogee. The Parliament of Love at Tonloaae in the twelfth century laid down that love and marriage were mutually exclusive terms ; that romance died to the sound of wedding belle, or at longest lingered to the expiration of the honeymoon. This law has governed novelists ever since. The Ingenuity of the author has consisted in devising impediments to the union of the lovers, and . in knocking them out of their way as the etory neared Its conclu sion. But in this revolutionary age we have discarded the rule, and carried away by the innovating stream the author of this tale has ventured to displace the marriage. Had he been completely lost to reverence for the ancient canons In his desire to be be original he would have opened his novel with a wedding procession, strutting to the carriages over strewn Sowers, hold ing bouquets, with the pealing of wedding belk, whilst the bridegroom's man cir culates, tipping the parson, the curate, the pew-opener, the sexton, the clerk, the. bellrlngers, and all the other sharks that congregate about a bridegroom, as the fish congregate about a ship on board of which is a corpse. Bat as the author Is still held in check by old rule or prejudice, and yet yields somewhat to the modem spirit of relaxation he compromises between the ex tremes, and.Introdaces the marriage in the middle of Ma tale. In a novel a marriage is always built up of much romantic and picturesque and floral adjunct. It Is supposed necessarily to involve choral hymns, white flavors, bridal veils, orange blossoms, team in the bride, naming cheeks in the bridegroom, speeches at the breakfast, an old slipper, and a shower of rice. Without these con diments a wedding is a very insipid dish. Bat here we are forced to Innovate. The marriage of Philip Pennycomequlck and Salome Casworth was harried on ; there was no necessity for delay, and it was performed In a manner so prosaic as to void it of every feature of romance and refinement. In the pariah church there was morning prayer every day at 9, and thin aervlce Salome frequently attended. On one morning — as It happened a grey one with a spitting sky— Philip also at tended matins, from ' the wicked man' to the final 'Amen.' When, however, the service was concluded — a service at tended by five Sisters of Mercy and three devout ladles— the vicar, Instead of leav ing thecteBk, coughed, blew hla nose, and glowered down the church. Then the clerk began to f amble among some books, the five Sisters of Mercy parked np, the devout ladies who had moved from their seats towards the church door were seized with a suspicion that something unusual was about to take place, and hastily returned to their places. The Slaters of Mercy had with them one peni tent, whom with sugar pluois they ware snoring into the paths of virtue. It at once ocenrred to these religions women that to witness a wedding would have an elevating, healthy effect on their peni tent, and they resolved to stay— for her sake, for her sake only; they, for their partu,!«iBg rafted above all mundane in lerests. AUoith«aeraant«oith»Tlcftrage, - which adjoined the chorchyard, by some means got wind of what was about, to . occur, and slipped ulsters over their llaht cotton gewos, and tncked their caps onoer pork pie hate, and tumbled into church breathing heavily. Then Philip, trying to look as If nothing was abont to happen, came out of his pew, and in doing so stumbled over a hassock, knocked down his umbrella which leaned against the pew, and sent some hymnals and church services about the floor. Then be walked op the church and was joined by Salome and her sister and mother. No psalm was sung, no ' voice breathed o'er Eden,' but the Sisters of Mercy, intoned the responses with vociferous ardor and the penitent took the liveliest Interest in the ceremonial, expressing her interest hv giggles and suppressed ** Oh, my'a ! ' Finally, after 'amazament,' the par eon, clerk, bride and bridegroom, and wit nesses adjourned to the vestry, where the vicar maae his customary joke about the lady signing her surname for the last time. The bellrlngers knew nothing about the wedding, and bavhig been unforewarned were not present to ring a peaL No car riage with white favors to horses and driver tvas at the door of the church — no cab was kept at Mergatroyd — no rice was thrown, no slipper caBt. The little party walked quietly and unobserved back to their house under umbrellas, and on reaching home partook of a breakfast that consisted of fried fish, bacon, eggs, toast, butter, and home-made marmalade. No guests were present, no speeches were made, no healths drank. There was to be no wedding tour, Philip could not leave the mill, and the honey moon moat be passed In the smoky atmos phere of Mergatroyd and without the la termlselon of the daily routine of work. As Philip walked home with Salome under the same umbrella, from the points of which the discolored water dropped, he eaid in a low tone to her, ' I have, as yon desired, offered your mother to manage her affaire for her. She has accepted my offer, and I have looked through her accounts. She has very little little money.' ' I do not Euppose she can have much ; my poor father died before he was in a position to save any considerable sum.' ' She has about five hundred pounds in Indian railway bonds, and a couple of hundred in a South American loan, and some three hundred in home railways — about fifteen to sixteen hundred pounds in all — that is to say, she had this a little while ago.' ' And has It still, no doubt.' 'No; you yourself told me she had met with losses. ' ' She Informed me that she had, but I cannot understand how this can have been. I doubt entirely that she met with losses.' ' But she allowed me to see her book, and she has sold out some stock — in fact, between two and three hundred pounds' worth. She did that almost immediately after my uncle's death.' 'But she has the money realised, I suppose ?' 'Hot at all. It Is gone.' ' Gone !' 'She cannot and will not account for it to me, except by the vague explanation that she had a sadden and unexpected call upon her which she was forced to meet.' 'But — she said nothing abaat this to me. It Is very odd.' ' It is, as you say, odd. It Is of convse possible that Janet may have had some thing to do with it, bat I cannot say; your mother will not enlighten me.' 'I cannot understand this,' said Salome musingly. 'I regret my offer,' said Philip, 'I would not have made it if Ihad not thought I should be met with candor and given tte information I desired.' When Mrs. Sidebottom heard that the marriage had actually taken place, then her moral sense reared like a cob unac customed to the curb. ' It is a scandal 1' she exclaimed, ' and ec shortly after my sweet brother's death. A bsgman's daughter to !' ' Uncle Jeremiah died in November,' stld the captain. ' WelJ, and this is March. To marry a bagman's daughter in March! It is a ecandal, an outrage on the family.' 'My uncle would have had no objec tions, I suppose. Philip is as good as Mr, Baynes.' ?« As good ! How you talk, Lamb, aa if all the brains In your skull had gone to water. Philip is a Pennycomequlck, and Bavnes Is — of coarse, a Baynes,' 'What of that V ?'Mr. Baynes was a manufacturer.' ' So Is Philip.' ' ' Well, yes.: for his sins. Bat then he is allied to us who have dropped an n, and capitalised a Q, and adopted and inserted a hyphen. Mr. Baynes was not hi the faintest degree related to as. Philip has man's daughter within five months of his uncle's death 1 Monstrous. If she had been his social eqaal we could have waived the month— bat, a bagman's daughter ! I feel as if allied to blackbeetles.' ' Her father was about to be taken Into partnership when he died,' argued the captain. ' If he had been a partner that would have been another matter, and I should not have been so .pained and mortified ; but he was not, and a man takes his position by the place he occupied when he died, not by that which he might hare occupied had he lived. Why, if Sidebottom had lived and been elected Mayor of Korthingham In the year of the Prince's visit he .might have been knighted, but that does not make me Lady Sidebottom.' ' You call him a bagman,' said Captain Lambert, ' but I should say: he was a commercial traveller.' 'And how does that mend matters? Do seven syllables make a difference ? A dreBB -Improver is no other than a bustle, and An Influenza than a cold hi the head.' 'All I know Is,' said the captain, 'that his daughters are deuced pretty girls, and as good a pair of ladles as you will meet anywhere. I've known some of your grand ladles say awfully stupid things, and I can't Imagine Janet doing that ; and some do rather mean things, and Salome could not by any- chance do what was unkind or ungenerous. I've a deuce of a mind to propose to Janet, as I have been chiselled oat of my one hundred and fifty.' 'Chiselled out!' ' Yes, out of my annuity, If the will had been valid I should have had that of my own, but now I have nothing and am forced to go to you for every penny to boy tobacco. It Is disgusting. I'll marry Janet. I am glad she is a widow and available. She has a hundred and fifty per annum of her own, and Is certainly left something handsome by Baynes.' 'Fiddlesticks,' exclaimed Mrs, Side bottom. 41 1 will Indeed, unless I anvmore libe rally treated. I hate to be dependent on yon for eyexy thing. I wish I had served a caveat agalnt your getting administration of the property, and done something to get the old will put to rights.' Mrs. Sidebottom turned green with anger and ahum. 'I will go to Philip's wedding- break- fast, or dinner, or dance, or whatever he is going to have, and snatch a kiss from little Janet, snll her behind the window cortains and propose for her hundred and fifty, I will.' Lambert's mother was very angry, but she said . no more. She knew the character of her son ; he would not bestir himself to do what he threatened. Hla bark was worse than his bite. He famed and then tamed cold. Bat Philip gave bo entertainment on Mm wedding-day, Invited no one to his house ; consequently Lambert had not the ©pjortUBfty fee desired fur polling Janet frffo}n^ *fHn wihfflptr ffiirteiTifj ifr%ty^*Ing % ? kits, end proposing for her hnndred and ?? fifty pounds. f! I shall refuse to know them,' said Mrs. Sidebottom. ?* And return to York 1' asked her son. 'I can't leave at once,' answered his mother. ' I have the house on my hands. Besides, I most hare an eye on the factory. Lamb, if yon had any spirit hi you you wonjd learn bookkeeping, bo as to be able to control the accounts. I do nob trust Philip ; how can I, when he marries a bagman's daughter. It Is a proof of de ficiency in common sense, and a lack of sense of rectitude. Who was Salome's mother 1 We do not know her maiden name. These sort of people are like dia toms that fill the air, and no one can tell whence they eame and what they are. They are everywhere about as and all equally insignificant ' Mrs. Sidebottom had bat the ears of her son into which to poor her discontent, for she had no acquaintances in Mergatroyd. On coming there she had been met by the manufacturers' wiveB in a cordial spirit Her brother was highly respected, and they hastened to call on her and ex preBs their readiness to do her any kind ness she might need as a stranger in the town. She would have been received . into the society there— a genial one — had she been inclined. Bat she was super cilious. She allowed the ladles of Mer gatrojd to understand that she belonged to another and a higher order of beings, and that the days In which the gods and goddesses came down from Olympus to hold converse with men were over. The consequence was that she was left to herself, and now she grumbled at the dulness of a place which was only dull to her because of her own want of tact. No more kindly, friendly people are to be found in England than the north country manufacturers, bat the qualities of frank ness, directness, which are conspicuous in them, were precisely those qualities which Mrs. Sidebottom was incapable of appre ciating, were qualities which to her mlud savored of barbarism. And yet Mrs. Sidebottom belonged, neither by birth nor by marriage nor by acceptance, to a superior class. She was the daughter of a manufacturer and the widow of a small country attorney. As the paralytic in the sheep market waited for an angel to pat him into the pool, so did Mrs. Sidebottom spend her time and exhaust her powers in vain endeavors to get dipped in the cleansing basin of county society, in which she might be purged of the taint of trade. And, like the paralytic of the story, she had to wait, and waB disappointed annually, and had the mortification of seeing some neighbor or acquaintance step past her and enter the desired circle, whilst she was making ready and beating about for an intro ducer. She attended concerts, public balls, went to missionary meetings ; she joined working parties for charitable objects, took stalls at bazaars, hoping by these means to get within the vortex of the fashionable world and be drawn in, bat was always disappointed. Round every eddy may been seen sticks and straws that Epln on their own axis ; they make hashes Inwards, and are repelled, never succeeding in being caught by the coil of the whirlpool. So was she ever hovering on the outskirts of the aristocratic ring, ever aiming to pierce it, and always mis sing her object. A poem by Kenrlck, written at the coronation of George IIL, represents that celebrated beauty and toast, the Countess of Coventry, recently deceased, applying to Pluto for permission to return to earth and mingle in the entertainments of the soronation. Fluto gives his consent ; she may go — but as a ghost remain unseen. Then says the countess — 11 A fig for fine sights, if unseen one's fine face, What signifies seeing, if oneself is not seen ?' So Mrs. Sidebottom found that It was very little pleasure to her to hover about genteel society and see into it without herself being seen in It. Her descent to - Mergatroyd was in part due to a rebuff she had met with at York, quite as much as to her desire to conciliate her half brother. She trusted that when she re turned to York she wonld be so much richer than before that this would afford her the requisite momentum which might Impel her within the magic circle, within which, when once rotating, she would be safe, confident of being able to maintain her place. 'My dear Lamb,' said she, 'I may inform you, in the strictest confidence, that I see my way to becoming wealthy, really wealthy. There is a speculation on foot, of which I have received Infor mation through my York agent, to buy up land and build a great health resort near Bridllngton, to be called Iodlnopolis or Yeoville, the name is not quite fixed. No one is to know anything about it bat the few who take preference shares. I am most anxious to realise some of the securities that came to me through my darling brother's death, so as to invest. The manager is called Beaple Yeo.' 'Never heard of him.' 'And the chairman Is the Earl of Schofield. Mr. Beaple Yeo and the earl together guarantee 17 per cent.— think of that, Lamb ! — on their own guarantee ! — an earl, too — and the funds are only three or three and a half 1' Chapter XXVI. — Hymen. A twelvemonth slipped away, easily, happily ; to none more so than to Philip Pennycomequlck. To the Fates how strange must seem the readiness with which women plunge into matrimony, and the shyneaB with which some men look at it; for matrimony Is emphatically an institution designed for the comfort of man Irrespec tive of the interests of the woman. The married man ceases to have care about his meals, they come to him ; he gives no thought to his servants, they are managed for him ; he is not troubled about his clothing, it now hangs together, whereas formerly it fell to pieces. *WTi£n tliA marr^aA man nvanaiuir 4-*-» shave the soap -dish Is full, his tidy is clean, his razors hi order ; the bachelor finds all hi confusion. Before marriage, he who had a cook was served with India rubber ; after It, he gets his meat succu lent and well cooked. Before marriage, the linen went to the wash and only half returned — silk handkerchiefs returned as cotton, stockings came odd, jerseys in holes, sheets in rags, and shirt fronts enamelled with iron monld ; affcermarrlage, everything returns in good condition and hi proper number. But to the woman matrimony is by no means a relief from careB. On the con trary the woman passes through the ring into an arena of battle. We are told by anthropologists that in the primitive con dition of eociety a subdivision of tasks took place ; one set of men nnderbook to till the earth and manage the domestic animals, whilst another girded on their arms and defended the Infant community. These latter, for their services, were fed by the tillers, housed, and clothed, with food they had not grown, houses they had not bonded, clothing they had not woven* The same subdivision of labor continues still in the family where the man is the tiller and toller, and the woman is the military element. She marches round the confines of his house, fights dally battles with those foes of domestic felicity — the servants. When they oversleep themselves she roots them out of their beds ; when they neglect the dusting she flies in pursuit to bring them to their duties ; when they are impudent she drives them oat of the house. \- With what unflagging zeal does she maintain her daily conflicts. How she countermines, discovers ambashes, circum vents, throws open the gates, and charges the foe. Now consider what was the life of the girl before she married. She had no worries, no warfare ; she was petted, ad mired j she eiijoyed herself, indulged her caprices unrestrained, gave way to her humor* uwebeked. Her bonnet', her dresses were given to hec, *b» hadno care what she night eat, any more than the lilies of the field, only, unlike them, de voting herself to the thoughtaof her cloth Ing, for which, however, she had not to pay. Unmarried girls were anciently termed spinsters, and are so derisively still in the banns, for they formerly spun the linen for their future homes ; now they toil jsot, neither do they spin. Then comes marriage and all 1b changed. They enter into a world of discords and desagrtmmts. They have to grow long nails and to sharpen, their teeth ; they have to haggle with shopkeepers, fight their servants ; whereas the husbands, those elnggaid kings of creation, smack their lips over their dinners and lounge In their easy chairs, and talk politics with their friends, and smile, and smile, un eoEEcions of the straggles and passions that rage downstairs. The eyes that in the girl looked at the beauties cf creation, in the married woman search out delinquencies in their domeEtlcs and defects in their household furniture. The ejes that looked for violets now peer for cobwebs ; that lin gered lovingly on the sunset glow now ex amine the coal bill ; and the .ear that listed to the song of Philomel is now on the alert for a male voice fat the kitchen. The nose that of old Inhaled the perf ame of tha rose now pokes into pots and pans in queBt of dripping. From what has been said above the reader may conclude that the position of the wife, though a belligerent one, ia at all events regaL She is queen of the house, and if she has trouble with her servants it is as a sovereign who has to resist revolutionary movements among her subjects. No more mistaken idea can well be en tained. As the Pope writes himself, 'Ser- vant of the servants of Heaves,' so does the lady of the house subscribe her self servant of the servants of the establishment. If she searches into their shortcomings, remonstrates, and resents them,*it Is as the subject criticising, mar muring at° and revolting personally against the tyranny o! her oppressors. So far from being the head of the house she is the doormat, trampled on, kicked, set at nought, obliged to swallow ail the dirt that is brought Into the house. Marriage had produced a change hi Philip. It had made him less stony, angular, formal. Matrimony often has a remarkable effect on those who enter into it, reducing their peculiarities, softening their harshnesses, and accentuating those points of similarity which are to be found in the two brought into close association, so that in course of time a singular re semblance in character and features is observable in married folk. In an old couple there Is to be seen occasionally a likeness as that of brother and sister. This is cauBed by their being exposed to the same caresses and the same strokes of fortune ; they are weathered by the same breezes, moistened by the same rams. In addition to the exterior forces moulding a couple; comes the reciprocal action of the inner powers — their passions, predjudices —so that they recoil on each other. They come to think alike, to feel alike, as well as to look alike. The man unconsciously loses some of his roggedness, and the woman acquires some of his breadth and strength. They become hi some measure reflectors to each other, the light one catches is case on and brightens the other, and they mirror whatever passes along the face of the other. The subtle, mysterious modelling pro cess had begun on Philip, although bat recently married- Janet was no longer in the house ; she had returned to France, and as her constitution was de licate had followed -advice and gone to the south for the whiter. Mrs. Sidebottom and the captain had shaken off the dust from their feet against Mergatroyd and had returned to their favorite city, Yorir, where they resumed the interrupted gyrations about the whirl pool of fashionable life, and Mrs, Side bottom inEcle her usual rashes, still in effectual, at Its centre. Consequently Philip was left to the un disturbed influence of Salome, and this influence affected him more than he wa3 conscious of, and would have allowed was possible. He was very happy, bat he wa3 not the man to confess it, least of all to his wife. As a Canadian Indian deems it derogatory to his dignity to express surprise at any wonder of civili sation Bhown him, so did Philip con sider that it comported with his dignity to accepts all the comforts, the ease, the love that surrounded him as though familiar with them from the beginning. English men who have been exposed to tropic sans in Africa have their faces shrivelled and lined. When they return to England, in the soft humid atmosphere the flesh ex pands and drinks In moisture at every pore. The lines fade oat and the flesh becomes plump. So did the sweet soothing ' Influence of Salome, equable as it was gentle, fill, relax, refresh the spirit of a luu^ij auu icubuio vu iiuu suuwui hub iuou buoyancy of youth. Salome was admirably calculated to render him happy, and Philip was not aware of the^rare good fortune which had given him a wife who had the self-restraint to keep her crosses to her* self. That is not the way with all wives. Many a wife makes a beast of burden of her husband, lading him with crosses, heaping on his shoulders not only her own, great or small, but also all those of her relatives, frienda, and acquaintances. Such a wife cracks a whip behind her good man : .drives him through the town, stop* ping at every house and calling ' Any old crosses ! Old crosses ! Old crosses ! Chuck them on, his back is broad to bear them !' — precisely aa the scavenger goes through the Etreets with his cart and burdens it with the refuse of every house. Many a wife takes a pride in thus break ing the back and galling the sides, and knocking together the knees of her husband with the crosses she piles on his shoulders. As we walk through the wilderness of life burrs 'adhere to the coat of Darby and to the skirts of Joan. Why should not each carry his or her own burrs if they refuse to be picked off and thrown away? Why should Joan collect all hers and poke them down the neck of Darby, and expect him to work them down his back from the nape to the heel ? Little thought had Philip how, unper ceived and by stealth, Salome Bought the burrs that adhered to him. removed them and thorst them into her own bosom, bearing them there with a smiling face, and leaving him unconscious that he had been delivered from any and that they were fretting her. We men are sadly regardless of the thousand little acts of forethought that lighten and ease our course. We give no thanks,' we are not even aware of what has been done for as. Nevertheless onr wives do not go unrewarded, though nnthanked for what they have done or borne ; their gentle attentions have served to gire us a polish andabeanty we. had not before we* come into their tender han&g; . A bright face met Philip when he re turned from the factory every day. If Salome saw that he was downcast she exerted herself to cheer him, if that he was cheerful she was careful not to dis courage him. Always neat in perron, fresh hi face, and pleasant in humor, keeping out of Philip's way whatever might annoy him, she made him as happy as he could well he. Perfectly happy Philip could not be, be cause unable to shake off the dense of la* security that attended his change of fortune. Constitutionally suspicious, habituated to the shade, he was dazzled and frightened when exposed to the light. The access of good lack had been too sodden and too great for him to treat Its permanency. The fish thathas Its jaw* transfixed with broken hooks mistrusts the worm that floats down the stream unattached to a line. The expec tation of disappointment had bees bred n him toy fateful «nd repeated experi ence, and had engendered ««alteaprede. termintfloxx to jafetrub Ctood JFartnne. He regarded her as « treacherous goddess, and when she smOfid.he was a?re that the meditated a stab with a hidden dagger. Such ware bom in the lap of fortune, from which they have never teen given a fall, or where they have never been dosed with .quassia through a drenching spoon, sooh persona look on. life with equanimity. Bothing would surprise them more than ft reverse. Bat with the stepsons of fortune, the Qlnderellas In tihe great iMfm^iiWM of humanity, who have encountered heart break after heartbreak, it is otherwise. When Fortune cornea their way offering gifts, they mistrust them a« the gifts of the Banal. It Is with, them as with him who is haunted. He knows that the spectre larks at hand, and when he Is about to, close his eyes will start up and scare him ; when he Is merry will rise above the table and echo his langh with a jeer. So do those who have been, unlucky fear ever lest misfortune should spring on them, from some unforeseen quarter at some un prepared moment. The dread lest there should be a revul alon in his affairs never wholly left Philip, and took the edge off his happiness. He had found little difficulty hi acquiring the requisite understanding of the business, and obtaining a firm hold over the con duct of the factory. There was no pro spect of decline hi thetrade. Since the con clusion of the European wax it had become brick. Peace had created a demand for figured damasks. He had no reason to dread & cessation of orders, a slackness in the trade. Chatter XXVII. — As Alarm. Within a twelvemonth of his marriage Philip had been given one of the purest and best of the joys that spring oat of matrimony — a child, a boy called after his own name, Philip ; and the father loved his first-born, was proud of him, and was fearful lest the child should be Bnatched from him. As Polycrates was rendered uneasy because he was eb powerful, rich, and happy, and cast his most costly jewel into the sea as a gift to the Fates, so was Philip inwardly disturbed with a suspicion that the gloomy, envious Fates which had harassed him so long were now only play nag with him, and would exact of him some hostage. What would satisfy them ? His commercial prosperity ? — his child 1— his health? In vain did Polycrates seek propitiate the Fates by casting from him his most precious ring. The ring was re turned to him hi the belly of a fish, and kingdom and life were exacted of him. 'I never did understand what became of part of yoar mother's little property,'' said Philip one evening when alone with Salome ; and I think it odd that yoar mother should be reserved about it to me.' 'Oh, Philip! It does not matter. After all, it 1b onlytwo hundred and fifty pounds, and the lass is mamma's, not yours.' ' It does matter, Salome. Two hundred and fifty pounds cannot have made them selves wings and flown away without leav ing then; address. Bo-Peep's sheep leffa their tails behind them. This money ought to be accounted for. One thing I do know — the name of the person to whom it passed.' ' Who was that 2' *' One Beaple Yeo. Have yon any know ledge of the man? Who Us he? What had yoar mother to do with him ?' ' I never heard his name before.' 'The money was drawn and paid to Beaple Yeo directly after the death of Uncle Jeremiah. I made enquiries at the bank and ascertained this. Who Beaple 'Yeo is your mother will not say, nor why she paid f^''ff large sum of money to him. I would not complain of this reticence unless she had called me hi to examine her affairs.' ' No, Philip, it was. I who asked you to be so kind as to do for her the same as Uncle Jeremiah.' ' She Is perfectly welcome to do what she likes with, her money ; but if she com Vkiafvtci r\f «. lsiaei A*i/I frian aaoira A*t 1m vestigatlon into her Ioas, and all the time throws impediments in the way of enquiry — I say that her conduct is not right. It is like a client calling in a solicitor and then refusing to state his case.' ' I waB to blame,' said Salome meekly, ' Mamma has her. little store — the savings she has pat by — and a small sum left by my father, and I ought not to have Inter fered. She did not ask me to do so, and It was meddlesome of me to Intervene unsolicited ; bat I do so with the best in tentions. She had told me that she suffered from a loss ?which crippled her, and I assumed that her money matters had become confused, because no longer supervised. I ought to have aeked her permission before speaking to yon.' ' When I made the offer she might have refused. I would not have been offended. What I do object to is the blowing of hot and cold with one breath.' I daresay she thought it very kind of yon to propose to take the management, and there may have been a misunder standing. She wished yon to manage for the future and not enquire into the past.' 'Then she should have said so. She complained of a loss, and became reticent and evasive when pressed as to the par ticulars of this alleged loss.' ' I think the matter may be dropped,' said Salome. ' By all means — only, understand — I am dissatisfied.' 'Hush!' exclaimed Salome. I hear baby crying. Then she rose to leave the room. 'Now, look here,' said Philip, ' would be fair to the doctor whom you call in about the baby to withhold from him the particulars of the ailments you expect him to care.' 'Never mind that now,' said Salome, and she kissed her husband to silence him. ' Baby Is awake and is crying for me.' This brief conversation will serve to let the reader see an unloveable feature hi Philip's character. He possessed a \- peculiarity not common in men, that of harboring a grievance and recurring to it. Men usually dismiss a matter that has annoyed them, and are unwilling to re vert to it. It is otherwise with women, due to the sedentary life they lead attheir needlework. Whilst their fingers are en gaged with thread or knittlng-pina their minds tarn over and over again Ilthle vexations, and roll them like snowballs into great grievances, Probably the soli tary life Philip had led had brought about that he had the same feminine faculty of harboring and enlarging his grievances. (To le continued.) 