^JESS, H. EIDER HA.GGA.RD, CHAPTER XXIV. TIIE SHADOW OF DEATH. The firing from the bank had ceased, and John, who still kept; his head (being a rather phlegmatic specimen of the Anglo-Saxon race), realised that, for the moment at any rate, all danger irom that source was ended. Jess, lay perfectly still in his arms, her head upon his breast; and a horrible idea struck him that she might be shot, perhaps' already dead ! ' Jess, Jess,' he shouted, through the turmoil of the storm, 'are you all right?' She lifted her head an inch or two — I think so,' Bhe eaid. ' 'What is going on?' ' God only knows, I don't. Sit still it will bo all square.' But in his hearfc he knew that it was not ' all square,' and that they were in imminent danger of death from drowning. They were whirling down a raging river in a cart. In a few moments it was probable that the cart would upset, and then — Presently the wheel bumped against Something, and the cart gave a great lurch and then scraped along a little. 'Now for it,' thought John, for the water was pouring over the flooring. Then came a check, and the cart leant still farther toono side. Creak 1 The pole has gone, and the cart swung round bow?, or rather bos, on the stream. What had happened was this : they had struck across a rock that projected up from the bed of the river, the forco of the current having washed the dead horses to the one side and the cart to the other. Consequently they were auchored to the rock, as it were, the anchor being the dead horses, and the cable the &tout; traces of untanned leather. So long as these traces and the rest of the harness held they were, comparatively speaking, safe ; but of . course they did not know this. Indeed they knew nothing. Above them rolled the storm, and round them the waters seethed, arid the rain hissed. They knew nothing except that they were helpless living atoms tossing between the wild waters and the wilder night with imminent death staring them in the face, around, above, and below. To and fro they swung, locked fast in each other's arms, and as they did so came that awful flash that, though they knew it not, sent two of the murderers to their account, and for an instant, even through the sheet of rain, illumined the Bpace of boiling water and the long lines of the banks on either side. It showed the point of rock to which tbev were fixed, it glared upon the head of one of the poor horses tossed up by the driving current as though it were trying to rise from its watery death, and revealed the form of the dead Zulu, Mouti, lying on his faep, one arm hanging over the edge of the cart and dabbling in the water that ran level with it, in ghastly similarity to some idle pass enger in a pleasure boat, who lets his fingers slip softly through the stream. In a second it was gone, and they were once more in darkness. But then by degrees the storm passed off and the moon began to shine, feebly indeed for the sky was not clear washed of clouds, which still trailed along in the tracks of the tempest, sucked after it by it mighty draught. Still it was lighter, and the rain gradually thinned till afc last ib stopped. The storm had passed in majssty down the ways of the night, and there was no sound round them but the sound of rushing water. 'John,' aaid Jess presently, 'cm we do anything V ' Nothing, dear.' ' Shall we escape , John ?' He hesitated. 'It is in G-od's hands, dear. We are in great danger. If the cart upsets we shall be drowned. Can you swimi?' ' 'No, John.' ' If we can hang on here till daylight we may get ashore, if thrme devils are not there to shoot us. I do not think that our chance is a good one.' ' John, are you afraid codioT He hesitated. ' I don't know, dear. I hope to meet it like a man.' ' Tell me what you truly think. Is there any hope for us at all?' Once more he paused, reflecting whether or no he should speak the truth. Finally he decided to do so. 'lean sob none, Jess. If wo do not get drowned we are sure to be shot. They will wait about the bank till morning, and for their own sakes they will not dare to let us live.' He did not know that all that was left of two of them would indeed wait for many a long year, and that the third had fled aghast. ' Jess, dear,' he went on, ' it is no good to tell lies. Our lives may end any minute. Humanly Bpeakmg, they must end before tlie sun is up.' The words were awful enough— if the reader can by an effort of the imagination throw . himsolf for. a' moment into, the position of these two, he will perhaps understand how awful. It is a. dreadful thing, when in the full flow of health and youth, to be suddenly placed face to fao9 with the certainty of violent death, . and to inbw that ia'a few more minutes your course ''will have been run, and that you:: will have' commenced to explore thefuture, which mayprovo to be oven worse, because, more enduring, tnan the life you are now quitting inagony. It is a dreadful thing, as any who have ever- stood in subii a peril can tostify, and John . felt, his , heart sink .within hiiii- at the ,tiip'ugut---f or death is! very strong. But there is oue thieg stronger, a woman's perfect lore. Against this ' Death himself cannot, prevail.. And so it caino to pass that now as Ho fixed his cold gaze upon Jess's eyes they answered him with a strange unearthly light. She. feared not Death,, so that she might meet him with her beloved. Death was her hope and opportunity. Here she had none; there she might have all — or sleep. The fetters had fallen from, her, struck off by an overmastering hand. Her duty was satisfied, her trust fulfilled, and she was free — free to die with her belovod. Ay ! her love was indeed a love deeper than the grave ; and now it rose in all its strength, standing tiptoe upon the earth, ready, when dissolution had lent it wings, to soar to love's own star. ' Tou are sure, John ?' she asked again. ' Yea, dear, yes. Why do you forco me to repeat it? I can see no hope.' Her arms were round his nec'.c, her soft curls rested on his cheek, and the breath from her lips played upon his face. Indeed it was only by speaking into each other's ears that conservation was feasible, owing to the rushing sound of the waters. 'Because I have something to tell you which I cannot tell unless wo are going to die. You know it, but I want to say it with my own lips before I die. I love you, John, I love you I love. you; and lam glad to dio because I can die with you and go away with you.' He heard, and such was the power of her love, that his, which had been put out of. mind in the terror of that hour, reawoke and took the colour of her own. He too forgot the imminence of death in the warm presence of his downtrodden passion. She was in tho arms as he had taken har during the firing, and he bent his head to look at her. The moonlight played upon her pallid, quivering face, and showed that in her eyes from which no man could look upon and turn away. Onco more— yes, even then— there came over him that feeling utter surrender to the sweet mastery of her will which had possessed him in the sitting-room of ' The Palatial,' But now, all earthly considerations having faded away, ho no longer hesitated, but pressed his lips against hers and kissed her - again and again. It was perhaps as wild and pathetic a love sceuo as ever the old moon above has looked upon. There. they were, those two, experiencing the fullest and acutest -joy that life has to offer in the actual Bhadow of death. Nay, death was present with thorn, for there, beneath their feet, half hidden by the water, was the stiffening corpse of the Zulu. To and fro swung the cart in the rush oE tho swollen river, up and down beside them the carcusos of the horses rose and fell with the swell of the water, on whose surface the broken moonbeams played and quivered. Over head was the blue, star-sown depth through which they were waiting presently to pass, and to the right and left the long broken outlines of the banks stretched away till at last they appeared to grow together in the gloom. . And they heeded none of these things; they remembered nothing except that they had found each others hearts, and were happy with a wild }oy it is not often given to us to feel. The past was forgotten, the future was at baud, audbetween the one and the other was spanned a bridge of passion made perfect and sanctified by tho approach ing end. Bessie was forgotten, all things were forgotten, for they were alone with Lovu and Death. Let those who would blatno them pause awhile. Why not ? They had kept the faith. They had denied themselves and run straiglitly down the path of duty. But the compacts of life end with life. No man may bargain for the beyond. Even tho marriage service shrinks from it. And now that hope had gone and life was at its oxtreraest ebb, why should they not take their happiness before they passed to the land where, perchance, all things will be forgotten 1 So it seemed to them; if indeed they were any longer capable of reason. He looked into her eyes and she laid her head upon his heart in tnat mute abandonment of worship which is sometimes to be met with in the world, and is redeemed from vulgar passion by an indefinable quality of its otvn. He looked into hereyea and was glad to have lived, ay, even to have reached this hour oE death. And she, lost in the depths of her own nature, sobbed out her passion, laden heart upon his breast, and called him her own, her own, her very own ! And so the long hours passed un heeded, till at last a newborn fresh ness in the air told them that they were not far from dawn. The- death they were waiting for had not yet come. It must now be very near at hand. 'John,' she whispered in his ear, 'do yon. think that thoy will -shoot ;usT ' Yes,' he said noarsely ; ' thoy must for their own safety.' . .' 1 1 wish it were over,' she said. Suddenly she started back from his arms with a little cry, causing tho cart to rack violently. 1 1 forgot,' she said ; 'you elm swim, though I cannot. Why cannot you swim to the bank and get off under coverof the darkness ? It is not more than fifty yards, and tho current ia not so very swift.' The idea of ? escaping without Jes3 had never occurred to him, and now that she suggested it, it struck him as so absurd that he actually broke into a ghost of a laugh.; ]?-.'? ' Don't talk nonsense, Jesa,' he said. ' Yes, yes, I will. Go,! ? You must go\ It does not matter about me. I ?know you lovo me and loan die happy. I will wait f'i' you. Oh, John! whom ever I ain, if I have any life and any remembrance I will wait for you. Never forget that all your life. How over far I may seem away, if I live at all, I shall be waiting for you. /'And now go ; you shall go, tI say ! No I will not be disobeyed. If you will not go I will throw myself into the water. Oh, the cart is turning over 1' ' Hold on, for God's sake!' shouted John. ' The traces haro broken.' Ho was right; tho tough leather was at length worn through by the constant rubbing against the rock, and the strain and swaying of the cart, on one side, and of the dead horses on the other. Round it spun, broadside on to the current, and immediately began to heave over, till nt last the angle was so sharp that the dead body of poor Mouti slid out with a splash and vanished into tho darkness. This relieved tho cart, and it righted for a' moment, but being no 1 -nger held up by tho bodies of the horses or by the sustaining power of the wind it began to fill and sink, and at the same time to revolve round and round. John realised that it was all up, and that to stop in the cart would only mean certain death, because they would be held under water by the canvas tent. So with a devout aspiration for assistance he seized Jess round thn waist with one arm and sprang off into the water. As he did the cart filled aud sank. ' Lio still, for Heaven's sake !' he shouted, as they rose to the surfaco. In the dim light of the dawn which was now creeping over the earth he could make out tho left bank of the Vaal, the same from which they had started into tho rivor on the previous night. It appeared to be about forty yards Rway, but the current was running quite six knots, and he realised that, burdened as he was, it would bo quite impracticable for him to try and reach it. The only thing to do was to keep afloat. Luckily the water was warm and he was a strong sivimme?1. In a minute or so ho made out that about fifty paces ahead some rocks jutted out twenty yards into the bed of the stream. Then catching Jess by the the hair with his left hand he made his effort, and a desperate one it was. The broken water boiled furiously round the rocks. Presently he was in it, and butter still, his feet touched the ground Next spcond he was swept off them and rolled over and over at the bottom of the river, getting sadly knocked about against tho boulders. Somehow ho struggled to his legs, still retaining his hold of Jess. Twice he fell, and twice he struggled up again. One more effort — 30. The water was only up to his thighs now, ' and he was obliged to half carry, his companion. As he lifted her he felt a deadly sickness como over him, but still he struggled on like a man, till at last they both fell of a heap upon a big flat rock, and for a while he remem bered no more. When he came to himself again it was to find Jess, who had recovered sooner than he had, standing over him and chafing his hands. Indeed, as the sun was up he guessed that he must have lost his senses for some time. He rose with some difficulty and shook himself. Except for some bruises he was sound enough. ' Are you hurt ?' ho asked of Jess, who, pale and faint and bruised, her hat gone, her dress torn by bullets and the mclc, and dripping water at every step, looked an exceedingly forlorn object. ' No,' she said feebly, ' not very much.' He sat down on the rock in the sun for they were both shivering with cold. ' What is to be done V he asked. 'Die,' she said fiercely ; ' I meant to die— why did you not let me die ? Ours is a position that only death can set straight.' ' Don't be alarmed,' he said, ' your desire will soou be gratified : those murdering villains will hunt us up presently.' The bed and banks of the river were clothed with thin layers of mist, but as the sun gathered power these lifted. The spot whore they had got ashore was about three hundred yards below that whore the two Boers and their horses had been destroyed by the lightning on the previous night. Seeing the mist lift, John insisted upon Jess crouching with him behind a rock so that they could look up and down the river without being soen themselves. Presently he made out the forms of two horse3 grazing about two hundred yards away. 1 Ah,' he said, ' I thought so ; the devils have offsaddled there. Thank Heaven I have still got my revolver, and the cartridges are watertight. I mean to sell our lives as dearly as I can.' ' Why, John,' cried Jess, following the line of his outstretched hand, ' those are not the Boers' horses, they are our two leaders that broke loose in the water. Look, thair collars are still on.' 'By Jove! so they are. Now if only wo can catch them without being caught ourselves we have a chance of getting out of this.' ' Well there is no cover about, and I can't see any signs of Boers. They must have been sure of having killed us, and gone away.' John lookod round, and for the first timo a sense of hope began to creep into his beaut. Perhaps they could sarvivo after all. 'Let us go up and see. It's no good stoppiug hore ; -we must get some food somewhere I feel as . weak as a cat.' She rose without a word, and taking his hand they advancad together along the bank. Th)y had not gone twenty yards before John gave an exclamation of joy, and rushed at something white that had stuck in some reods. It was t'i» basket of Food whk-h had bee:i I given to them by the innkeeper's wife tit Heidelberg. It had been washed out of the cart, and as the lid was fastened nothing had been lost out of it. He undid it. There waa the bottle of three star brandy untouched,' also most of the eggs, meat, and bread, which list was, of course, sodden and worth less. It'did not' take long to get the cork out, and then John filled a broken wine-glass there was in the basket half-full of water and half of brandy, and made Jess drink it, with the result that she began to look a little loss like a corpse. Next, he repeated tho process twice on his own account, and instantly felt as though now life was flowing into him. Then they went cautiously on. The horses allowed thorn to ? catch them without trouble, and did not appear to be any tho worse for their adventure, though the flank of one was grazed by a bullet. ? ? , ' Thoro is a tree down there where tho bank shelves over; we had better tic the horses up, dress, and get some breakfast,' said John, almost cheerfully ; and accordingly thoy '? proceeded thither. Suddenly John, who was ahead, started back with an exclamation of fear, and tho horses began to snort, for there, st-.irk and stiff in death, and already swollen and discoloured by decomposi tion — as is sometimes the ease with people killed by lightning — the rifles in their hands twisted, and fused, their clothes cut and blown from tho bodies by the explosion of the cartridges in their bandoliers— lay the two Boers them selves. It was a terrifying sight, and, taken in conjunction with their own remarkable escape, ono to make the most careless and sceptical reflect. 'And yet there are people who say that there is no such thing as a God, and no punishment for wickedness,' said John aloud. (To be Continued.) 