Before the Curtain. Theatrical Topics. ■ The Gaiety Theatre was well filled on Satur day night by an audience who were by no means Rtinted in their applause of the various performances of the London Minstrel Tourists. The company had a good house on Monday, when they commenced their second week with an entire change of programme. Sydney. The. Daily Telegraph of March 11 says: " Betsy " drew a packed audience to the Criterion Theatre on Saturday, and when the curtain ipse there was scarcely staudiog room The farcical comedy was hilariously welcomed and seems likely to run Btrongly during the week. —There was a large audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday, whero the announcement of the last appearauce of Mr. Charles Warner in his widely ^ known impersonation as Tom Robinson gives added inducement to witnees this latest revival of " It's Never Too Late to Mead." On Saturday next 44 Streets of Lon don" will be revived. At Her Majesty's Theatre the admirable ecenio changes and lively sensational incidents of41 The Vendetta" pleased the houso, and the piece will be re* pea ted during the week. Mbxboubije.—The Age of the 9th instant says: The highly entertaining performances of Mr. Frank Lincoln, as given in the Athenaeum Hall, CollinB street, have attracted large and appreciative audiences during this week. Mr. Lincoln has amply demonstrated his ability to fully entertain an audience, and his powers^ of facial, expression, variety of intonation, and mimicry are inimitable. As . an exponent of the humour peculiar to America he occupies a prominent position, to which he is juBtly entitled.—May Holt's drama, " Every Man foe Himself," is draw ing well at the .Alexandra Theatre.—" Sweet Lavender" was performed for the last time on the 8th instant to a large honse in the Bijou Theatre.—Public interest in the perform anceof the Silbon troupe at the Opera House shows no Bign of abatement, and crowded houses still greet the performance of this company. The pantomime of 11 Sinbad the Sailor" still attraots a good house at the Theatre Royal. The last nights are announced.—Tho comic opera, "Pepita," still - holds the boards at tbe Princess's Theatre. The last nights are, however, now announced, as tho manage ment have other novelties in preparation.— Mr. Georgo C. Milo, an American tragedian, announces a Shakspearian season at the Mel bourne Opera House, commencing on Saturday next with Richard III. Mr. Miln will be supported during bis stay in Melbourne by Miss Isabel Morris, in all the l-ading lady ro'es, and an efficient company. Young Conlugsby Disraeli, the nephew and heir of tho late Earl of Beaconafield, has been achieving great success as tho Ieadiug low oomedy man of Lady Folkestone's amateur theatrical entertainment. Lessees of thoatrea are being proceeded against, at the instance of the School Board, for employing children in tho pantomime. The Cryfetai Palace is said to have bo employed 30 children and Drury lane 100. Mr. Wilmot Eyro, the actor, who is coming to Australia by tho Ormuz, has a 12 months' engagement with Messrs. Williamson, Garner, anu Musgrove. Preliminary, however, to this engagement, Mr. Eyre will play ia u Union Jack" with Bland Holt, taking a prominent part. Italian theatres do not appear to be jufct now in a very flourishing condition. The Rossini Theatre, of Florence, has just been sold to a private capitalist, and is to be turned into a reading-room ; whilo the Theatre B'llbo, of Turin, will shortly bo pulled down to make room for building enterprises. It is good to be an actor in Galicia. Tho pits get bo excited that people embrace ono another, a proceeding which might be pleasant or otherwise, according to circumstances. If an actor pleases the Hudienco, they present htm with brandy flasks; aud a delighted butoher has bocu heard to call out to a player, 14111 let yon off what you owe me for meat! A little of this enthusiasm here woold be very gratify ing to the theatrical profestion. Chicken and champagne followed the fall of I the curtain on tho (irstnight of " Macbeth " in I the London Lyceum, Irving'B friends, accord* ! ing to cuBtom, going behind to bid bim god- ! speed, &c.; On this occasion tho best parts of tho stalls and dress circle were bent on this pleasing mission, bo that the crush was terrific. Herr Koczan, a wealthy Hungarian, recently offered a prize for the best stage play. The first on the roll of competitors is a bishop, Dr. Karl Szoss, who sent in a tiagedy in verse. The piece is to bo brought out at the National Theatre at Pesth. We are not informed whether tho author will attend the rehearsal in person. Anyhow, it will be strange to see the name of a bishop figuring on a play bill. For length Mr. Irving's advertisement of the Macbeth performance at the Lyceum, which appears id the latest number of the £rat pro bably "beats.the record," as the sporting world say. It extends to exactly 60 columns, and besides reproducing correspondence on the subject gives a verbatim reprint of the criticisms on the play, acting, and music which have ap peared in every important London paper. Tho practical value as a protection from fire of the new curtain formed of water, which was seen in. practical operation after the performance of " Bob" at the Joddrell Theatre on January 2G, could perhaps only be determined by an actural fire iu the playhouse, should that calamity unhappily aver occur. The effect, however, of the numerous jets descending and forming as it were one theet of water, touched with prismatic colours from tho limelight, was extremely pretty. Water curtains, if wo mis take not, have been heard of before. Hard work and plenty of study fall to the lot of the German actor, whose multifarious duties contrast curiously with the monotony of the player's life in this country of long runs The last number of the official organ of the M Deutsche Biibncn Genossenschaft" gives a list of tho productions of the principal theatres in Germany during tho past year, from which it appears that 99 important works were played at the Hotburg Theater, Vienna, among which were 11 plays of Shikespeare. Tragedies, comedies, and farces in three to five acts figure in the list. The Statheater in Hamburg pro duced during the same period 136 plays; the Heftheater in Munich, 48; and the principal house in Frankfort, 158, among them " Mac beth," "Othello," and "Romeo and Juliet " Mrs. Langtry is reported to have invented a style of costume for her performance of Lady Macbeth in New York "characteristic of the period and yet superbly magnificent." Robes of coarse stuff are worn by ber covered with splendid jewels. In the banquet scene the ghost of Banquo appears out of her line of sight, but she notes its effect upon Macbeth, and, " throwing her maotle over bis quivering form," gets rid of her guests quickly, though not with the usual confusion. As no one who pretends to be an actor or actress in these days can afford to be without a "new reuding," Mrs. Lanztrj has satisfied herself that "stand not upon the order of your going" does not refer to a pell-mell style of exit, but only dispenses with any order ol pre cedence in leaving the hall. Again, in deliver ing the line " that which had made them drunk hath made me bold," this lady is said to desire to indicate that she has " pledged her guests heartily," and thus has nerved herself for her cruel purpose. For the rest, Mrs. Langtry's reading of the character seems to resemble Miss Terry's so far that is not what is called "the Siddons tradition,". but represents Lady Macbeth as a loving woman hardening her heart to commit crime in order to help her husband. 