AH OCEAN SECRET ' BSIN3 A STRANGE ST JSY Oi A DEAD MAE'S GOLD. By JAMES SKIPP BORLASE, Author of "Darker than Death," "Who Killed John Cameron 1" "Both Princess and Police Spy," "Nina the Nihilist," "May Mortimer's Mistake," &c.;, &c;, IAU Rights Reserved,] CiHAPiEK XXXVIII.—f Continued j .She nevertheless with a forced smile bade him "go and enjoy himself," and with a yet more forced laugh he took his departure, for he felt a wild longing to be alone, if only to be able to . throw off for a while the mask that he was obliged to wear when in his wife's com pany, He was also anxious to visit some of his old haunts, in the hope of there coming across someone who would be willing, for a considera tion, to swear to his being Amos Robinson, so that the testimony of Mr. Crook, the Bendigo solicitor, who would of course deteot him as an impostor at once, might be dispensed with. Of course he had no idea of disclosing who he really was during any such negotiations, for a bird in the hand being worth two ■ in the bush the five hundred pounds Government reward offered for the apprehension of Loftus Fitzgerald might be considered preferable even to a thousand proffered by himself for a sworn statement that he was Amos Robinson, the payment being conditional upon its proouring him what he required, the fingering of his wife's fortune. He hadn't got far, however, when he felt in urgent need of a fresh nerver and insDirer, the effects of the brandy he had taken in his tea having begun to wear off, and his Dutch courage to evaporate along with it, so, having . arrived at the corner of Latrobe and Stephen streets, he turned into the " Olive Branch," kept by one Charlie Wright, who wsb also proprietor of the Canterbury Music Hall in Great Bourke-street; and had a glass of Bteaming hot rum and water, which made him feel so much his former self that no sooner did he find himself in the street once more than he pulled a Chinaman's pigtail for a lark, laughed over the Celestial's agonised grimaces, and then, as he walked down Stephen-Btreet, kept up a running fire of chaff with the wretched girls and women who sat on their front doorsteps clad in the very lowest of low-necked dresseB, often sleeveIasBa3 well,like spiders waiting to tempt the unwary into their too often deadly webs. . Their freely-displayed charms had no attrac tion for*Amos Robinson, however, who, with all his faults, was certainly in love with his own wife. But it relieved his mind to ex change light jesting words with any one who would answer him in the Bame Btrain, and all these girls were light of speech, no matter how heavy of heart. At last, however, he got out of Stephen street into Bourke-Btreet, which was all gas glare and moving crowd. The fronts of the Polytechnic and of the Duke of Edinburgh's Theatre were brilliantly illuminated, and "Paddy's Market" was still ablaze with flaring naphtha lamps, and a very babel of discordant sounds aB well. Briskly and jauntily he walked down the opposite side of the noble thoroughfare, but started and came to a dead atop when he found himself in front of the bar of the Australia Felix Hotel. But for that glass of rum and water at Charlie Wright's he would have avoided the place as dangerous, but it had made him bold, almost defiant in fact, and he muttered to him self, "Bab, there's no chance of her knowing me, altered as I am, and I long to see how she looks, poor girl," Self-communing thus he entered the bar, rapped on the gleaming mahogany counter with the head o" his cane, and directly one of the three barmaids looked round he once more or dered a glass of hot rum and water. Such a demand had astonished no one at Charlie Wright's, where " hot and strong" was the normal condition of things all the year round, but hot rum and water on a sultry summer's evening, when nearly every one was going in. for iced drinks, attracted general attention in Bourke-street. Amos, in fact, drew nearly every eye upon him by She strange order he had given, and amongst others Kelly Farrell's, who, as head barmaid, catne over to apologise because they "had no hot water ready, not fancying that it would be called for." " Cold will do quite as well," Amos replied in an assumed voice', though he had used it now for so long a time that it might almost have been called his natural one. He looked hard in Nelly's face through his smoke-colored glasses as he spoke, and she looked back at him, but he was rejoiced to find that there was not the least recognition in her calm regard. He was almost equally pained, however, upon perceiving that she really did look ill, most wretchedly ill, and that the expression of her face denoted grief and sorrow rather than vaere'lodily sufferings. "I am the cause of this," he reflected re morsefully, for his heart was still occasionally soft and tender, and he had always been very fond of Nelly, from the time when she had been his proud and arrogant sister-in law's nursery governess, and he had preserved her from beiDg branded as a thief* and perhaps imprisoned as one in addition, though it is but fair to Btate that he had never really loved her as a man loves a woman whom he would wish to make his wife, even though upon two or three occasions he had fanoied he did for per haps five or ten minutes at a stretch, He was still remorsefully meditating over Nelly's changed appearance when she returned to him with his nobbier of rum and water. She placed it on the bar counter in front of him, received payment therefor, and was about to turn away when her eyes suddenly lighted up with a strange expression, and Bhe faced him once more. " HeavenB! I'm recognised!" was his sudden thought and fear, and to. conceal his face and gather a. fresh stock of nerve and courage he raised his lip3 to his glass and slowly drank off half its contents. He kept his eyes on Nelly all the time, how ever, and was much relieved to perceive that her regard did not after all seem to be one of recognition; in fact it appeared to be directed at his hand rather than at his face, and though the fact was a puzzling one, it was by no means alarming. " What a beautiful diamond ring you wear, air 2" Nelly exclaimed as she put he glass down, in tones of real or affected admiration. " Will you allow me to look at it ?" " Oh, certainly," answered Amos, aB he held out his hand. The question surprised him coming from Nelly, though had any other barmaid asked it 'twould not have done so in the least, for colonial barmaids, although in point fact as modest and proper in their conduct as most girls, have a trick of Bpeaking with great familiarity to perfect strangers; indeed, there is little or no reserve between the oexea in Aus tralia, but it doesn't seem to work the least harm, morally or socially. Kelly Farrell locked closely at and pretended to greatly admire the magnificent diamond, a3 well as the somewhat elaborate chasing of the gold setting, which she seemed to examine even more than she did the gem, and the reader will doubtless remember that this was the ring which (as well as the diamond pin that he wore in his cravat) our hero had taken from the corpse of the veritable Amos Robinson on the raft, after his legs had been torn clean off him and devoured by the shark. " 1 never saw a more beautiful ring," the barmaid Eaid at last, " and how curiously your initials are eDgraven in the gold—S.S. I can not imagine what names they can stand for ex cept Samuel SmileB, the author of " Self Help." She laid a marked stresB on the last two words, and regarded the possessor of the ring with a scrutiny so keen and piercing that he fairly winced under it. "You are really just a little too clever, miss," he however made answer, throwing as much sarcasm as he could into his tone; "for what you take to be letters are simple orna mental flourishes." He bad no doubt but that this statement would be believed, because despite the thou sands of times that he himself had looked at the ring, he had always imagined that the markB were flourishes, and he knew, as who does not, that a flourieh often takes almost the exact shape of tlie letter S. But though he made the statement with a calmness and a positiveness that were more than sufficient to allay any woman's sus picions, no sooner had he done so than a look of positive terror came into his face, and turn ing sharp round he darted out of the bar into the street as though the ghost of the dead Arc ob waB in pursuit of him, Ko sooner had he disappeared than Nelly Farrell clasped her hands together, exclaiming —"The murderer at last! I am sure of it. His own cowardice has betrayed him even more than his victim's ring 2" The words seemed to be absolutely wrung from her. She was, in fact, unoonscious of having uttered them until a young soldier with the stripes of a lance-corporal on his sleeve, and who had entered one of the many com partments of the bar a moment before the mock AmoBRobinBon bad flown with such pre cipitation out of the adjoining one, bent over towards her, and said—"Are you sure the fellow is a murderer who has just bolted away 1 If so I'll catch up with him and hand him over to the police." " Do, for God's sake, do! You will clear the honor of an innocent man if you only will," was Kelly Farrell's almost hysterioal reply. But the soldier, who happened to be no other than Jim Ballinger, did uot wait to heat the conclusion of her speech, lest the man whom she had denounced should get too long a start of him, He never suspected who he was pursuing, though he had been recognised at once, and hence the sudden panic that had prompted Iub erst rival's precipitate flight, momentary terror . having robbed him of the recollection that he had eo thoroughly changed biB outward ap pearance long after, by specious misrepresenta tions, he had driven Jim Ballinger from his home, The young soldier was therefore merely act ing in the interests of society at large in what he had undertaken to do, despite which fact he felt sorely chagrined upon leaping, as it were, into the street, through the swinging bar door, tofind that the "carrotty-headed scoundrel," as he mentally dubbed him, was nowhere to be seen, 