COLONIAL ITEMS. LONDON, MABCH 13. ! Madame Melba (Mrs. Armstrong, the well-known Victorian vocalist) has been engaged for tlie opera season at Drury laneTheatre. LONDON, MARCH 14. j The Imperial Brohen-hill Consols Sil ver Sfining Company, with a capital of £350,000, has been registered. An action has been brought by Air. Robert Dennis against Mr. J. Henaiker Heaton, the Conservative member for Canterbury. The piaintirf claimed £500 for services rendered, and he alleged that, acting in the capacity of private sec retary to Mr. Heaton between 1885 and 1888, he had written for him his speeches, certain articles in the National j lievietc, letters published in The Times and others addressed to the Postmaster General, and the statement made by Mr. Heaton before the Colonial Conference held in London in 1887. He asserted that he had in fact throughout been that gentleman's ghost. Tlie case has been settled, Mr. Heaton paying £400 to the defendant for his services and the costs of the action, amounting to £200. It is reported tliat Sir Henry Loch frill probably obtain an extension of his term of office as Governor of Victoria for one year, or until 1891. The following London firms, namely, Messrs. John Potter and Co., ship and insurance brokers and general commission and forwarding agents, of 15 Great St. Helen's ; Messrs. Gavin J. Birt and Co., shipbrokers, Thames and Mersey line of Australian packets, 27 Lcaaenliall-sfcrcel; and Messrs. Allporl and Hughes, ship and insurance broken, and East India and Australian agents, 7 Leadenhall street, have amalgamated as from next month. ~The statue of General Gordon by Mr. Hamo TJiornycroft, R. A., is now com Siletcd, and ready for shipment to Mel )onrne. The New Livingstone Gold-mining Company has been registered, the capital being £75,000. The object of the com pany is to acquire the mine from the liquidator of the Livingstone Com vocalist, sails for Australia by the P. ^nd O. Co.'s R.M.S. Oceana, on April 5\. He will open in Adelaide in Mendels sohn's oratorio " Elijah." 4 T A\Y If iit/m YO The inquiry into the wreck of tlieship Dajlam Tower,' 1,464 tons, which went ashjore at Cape filokko, the south-eastern extremity ofJava, has resulted <iui a finding that the aecidenfcwaa due torflie faultiuess of the chart of the __ locality published by the iDutcli authorities. The ^Vasmanian L&ndand; Exploring CompanyiywHbpen registered, the capital LONDON, MARCH 17. LONDON. MARCH 16. JjONDON, MAHOH 19. sCa.-Salplioline Lotion drivM nptos, blotohex, redns*. m4 .atoar.apottemkia. Bettiu. 