A Terrible Mystery. I-AET I. -.-.-.? ?-.- I. CCJantinned.'i This vsA the jpesult of Dr. Legris* daUy visite f«i more -than a week. He -was always received Siost cordially by Beymondj who welcomed faim moreover with an air of especial frankness^ as if he desired to keep 'tip his chance acquaintance; but any allusions to himself, his own affairs, and his family, were carefully avoided. Ten days elapsed ?without the doctor even seeing his patieaf3 mother or sister. And when of ' an evening Peyrolas, the journalist, or Sivet asked fov news of young Delorge, the mortified medical man could only I say ' He s the same as curea now, and Jie will I come in here some evening. He is a good enough I fellow in his -way, but uncommonly reserved; He I was a pupjl in the Polytechnique School, and be I came a civil engineer/ I This was indeed all thatthe doctor haddiscovered I up to a certain carnival Sunday — the 2Sth of I February, 1870 — jrhen at about 5 o'clock in the I afternoon he called on Baymond. TTih patient I started on seeing him, and exclaimed 'I vras I sfraid, doctor, that you wouldn't come !* The I young fellow's usual apathy of manner had I vanished, and he spoke in an agitated voice, -while I his eyes glittered with fever. 'Has anything I happened?' asked Dr. Legris. I Instead of speaking Eaymond toot a letter from I his table and nanded it to his friend- This mis I sive bore no signature, and it was written on I coarse paper in red int. It raxi as follows :?—' An I event which Monsieur Delorge must witness will I occur to-night. He must go to the ball at La I Beine Blanche. A man wul go up to him and I say, ' I come from the Garden of the Elysee.' I . Monsieur Delbrge must follow that man, wherever I he leads him. If he is not willing to do this for I - his own sake, he will do it for hers ; and- let him I believe, in following these instructions, that they I come from a friend.' I r The doctor perused this singular commnnica I tion, and then quietly said, ' I think your enemies I -wish, to finish the work they began the other I night/ I ?? - 'And yet/ answered Eaymond, gravely, rItis I jmy duty to obey this letter/ I He spoke in so firm a tone -that, the doctor did I , not dream of contesting the point. * At least,' he I said, * you mnst not go alone !' I Eaymond had apparently expected this reply, I forhe looked Dr. Legris full in the face, and said, I ' Unfortunately, 1 have no one whom I can apply I to. My life is a singularly lonely one. My only I two intimate friends are far away. Where could I - 1 hope to find a man who would brave unknown I danger for my sake, and first swear absolute I secrecy/ I It was not mere curiosity that actuated the I doctor now. Little as he knew young Delorge, ? he had learned to appreciate many excellent I qualities he possessed. He had taken a I strange liking to him, and having once I rescued him from death, he did not hesitate now I that danger showed itself anew. 'Who will do ? it ?' he replied in a firm voice ; ' why, I will — yes, ' I I will go with you, and I will swear to be dumb/ I . . And indeed in a few hours later Dr. LegTis and I . Eaymond Delorge were on their way to the I \ dancing hall appointed by the anonymous letter. ? The fete was at its height when our two freinds I entered. Amid the din of a number of trom ? ? bon s and other noisy instruments, some two I ' huadred persoris of either sex— all equally red I ...and out of breath — were dancing in a. state of ? . wild enthusiasm and excitement which made I. ' themseemasif they hadfallen victims to an epilep ? ' tic attack. Seated at the tables round about ? another, couple of. hundred more persons of both I ? sexes- vere drinking' wine and beer with unertin I guishable thirst. The heat was intense, the gas I biased, and the odor was unendurable, while from I the floor there rose a cloud of dust, which settled I on the coats and dresses of the dancers. ? Despite the ' placards, which promised a mas I .querade, there were very few fancy costumes I among the dubious-looking coats. And what cos ? tumes they were : nameless rags, which had done I ' duty year after year, at . Carnival after I Carnival, on the backs of bibulous, disorderly I ' fellows, who had covered them with wine stains I at barriere drinking dens. It was only with some I difficulty that the doctor and Baymond found a I place on the platform, whence they could overlook ? the scene, and a..vacant table. Haidly. were they I seated than a waiter appeared, and asked what he ? should bring them. ? Two glasses of beer,' said ? the doctor in reply. ? Thanks to his height and his square shoulders, I and the stentorian voice with which he shouted, I l By your leave ' ! the waiter was able to shove I through the crowd, and could soon be seen retum ? -ing with the beer ; but before he put down the I tray, he exclaimed : ' Twenty sous — in advance as I usual/ Dr. Legris paid the sum mechanically, I without paying attention to the singularity of the I demand. He had placed himself at Say ? mond's disposal, and had determined not ? to evince the least inquisitiveness, no ? matter how mnch he might feel. On his side I Eaymond Delorge was at a thousand leagues I ' from tde present |ituation. With his elbows ? resting on the wine-stained table, and his eyes I fixed on vacancy, he sat, absorbed in painful ? ; thought. He did not seem cognizant of where he ? . found himself, and failed to notice that polkas ? were succeeding quadrilles, and waltzes, I mazurkas, and time fast passing on. The doctor, ? ? however, was by no means so indifferent to the ? passage of time; he repeatedly drew out his ? watch, and finally, losing patience, he shook his ? companion's arm, exclaiming : ? Doyou'know that I the night is wearing on, and that our man has not ? yet put in an appearance ? If your letter should ? prove to be a stupid mystification ? ? . Eaymond started like a sleeper who is sud ? idenly awakened. ' Impossible I' he replied. I ? « And why ? This letter alludes to a mysterious I ' she ' — ^a tc she ' who loves you probably. May I it not be that ? '. I r ? ? ' You are quite off th© track * answered Bay I - -mond with some impatience. * YouTemember-the I words of the letter, don't you. The man who will ? ! accost me is to say, ' I come from the Garden of I theElysee'! Very well, it was there' that my I fatter, General Delorge, was killed, on November I SO, 1851/ I : Raymond's tone, and the fierce gleam in his eyes I -awoke a thousand conjectures in the doctor's I jnind. But he had no time to reply, for his atten I tion was attracted by one of the rare maskers in I , the ballroom, who had been watching them, for I some time already. He was a short man., of I decidedly commonplace appearance, although his I costume comprised a pair of velvet knee breeches, \ la cloak faced with satin, which Had : been white, I and' a Spanish vest, to which half the buttons. I were lacking. On his head he wore a. red toque I with a long plume. - ' I 'Can this be the fellow/ thought Dj. Ligris. I ', He was not mistaken in his . conjecture, I for suddenly the man approached Eaymond, I tapped, him familiarly on the shoulder, and, in a I ?roice hoarse by Addiction to alcohol, exclaimed; I ' I come from the Garden of the Elysee/ I As if he had been worked by a spring, young I . Delorge rose to his feet and replied: ' I am ready I to follow you.* I 'In that case come quick, for I am very late/ I . and the man took off his mask and wiped his I ' face. ...... I ????:. This gave Dr. Legris great satisfaction, and, I 'studying the man's countenance, he said to him I self: 'He is utterly incapable of a crime; bat I I wonder if he proposes to go out with us in that I 'dress?''. . . , , . ': : . I To the physician's relief, however, ^s soon as I . the unknown individual reached . the Vestibule, I /he took up a long cloak and i;hrew it I over his shoulders, at 't3ie same time .exchang I .', ingh^ plumed toque fora shabhy felt hat. Then, I . with analf pf self- congratulation, he mattered : 'It does not take md long to change my skin ; and if your,,legs ate as good as mine——' But he suddenly stopped, realising, in fact, for the first ' Mine, that Saymond was not alone. cOhJ oh! oh !' he exclaimed— each oh 1 being ejaculated in .,- ailgherkey than tie preceding ontj— - I was told \- that there was only oheperspn-r^ — * / ,. \- The doctor was about to speak, when Baymond Flensed him with a gesture, 'If this gentleman ctf-inot go witfc-me,' hesaid quietly, .'? I shall give ? up the idea entirely? .:;:...=- ? The masquerader was evidently ^erplexea, and : angi-Uy scratched his nose. ' This jm;pWbal)|y; a -; halnt;-vith him when he washed; to ''^.fucnaL 'big.' ? thoughts, and it apparently ? eucceeded on this ' SCCdsii, -jrhe suddenly exclaimed- 'What a Jjjk»ml I ^ui Wttle, itiir ajnjnu^, .Don't move/ And, so saying, he dashed into the ball room'. ?''' ? : .-...- ? ? ? . ? '-'? ' We are tools !' exclaimed 33r. Legris. ^ This fellow has gone back for instructions; so the person who employs him-^thfl author of the anonymous lettsr—is in the ballroom. I -will follow him and see whom he speaks to !' But no— it 'was too. late, for at- that very moment the man reappeared. * If a aS right !* he said carelessly; 'You can both go j it's just the same in the end.' . . ? ' ? . As they left the dancing hall, the clock struck one, and all was dark and quiet in the streets. Not even a cab. was to be seen on the Boulevard de Clichy, and it was only at a distance thata police officer could be perceived making his lonely rounds. The weather, which had been bad enough all day, had now become perfectly fright ful. A perfect tornado was blowing over Paris, twisting the young trees on the boulevard, hurling chimney-pcts from the houses and rip ping the slates off the roofs. Still the night was not dark, and at times the moon peered through the clouds which were hurrying across the sky, its disc being mirrored in the shining pools of the sidewalks and the gutters. But little did the doctor or Eaymond care for the weather. They pulled their coat-collars ip to their ears and silently followed their guide, who, with his hands in his pockets, whistled as he trudged along. On leaving La Beine Blanche he turned in the direction of Batignolles, but suddenly stopping short, he 'entered the avenue leading to the Montmartre or Northern Cemetery. It is a wide avenue, where funeral trinkets and emblsms are sold of a daytime, but which has no other outlet than the portal of the cemetery, seen at the further end. The doctor was aware of this, and so, abruptly stopping, he called to the guide. 'Where on earth are you taking us ?' ' Just where I was told/ 'I dare say. But that gate yonder must be shut, as it always is at night time, and except by retracing our steps there is no exit from this place/ ' * ' - * I dare say/ repeated the man;- r but you had better come on all the same/ ' One moment/ said the', doctor, and hurriedly addressing Eaymond in a low voice, he added : 'H you knew me better than you do, it would not be necessary for me to tell you that I am not the man to draw back from a tiling I undertake. But I confess that I do like to know what I am about. Our expedition seems to me a most singular afiair. Exeuse my questions — but nine times out of ten when a man receives an anonymous letter he knows what name to put at the bottom of it/ . Paymond stopped with a gesture. ' The letter may have corns either from a mortal enemy or from a devoted friend— that is all I can* tell you/ Dr. Legris smiled, as if quite satisfied with this evasive reply ; and then, in a surly sort of tone, he said to the guide, ' Go oh/ The man thereupon approached the gate of the cemetery, and was about to pull the bell, when Eaymond caught him by the arm. ' Take care/ he said, ' neither my friend nor myself are persons whom you can joke with with impunity/ The man shrugged his shoulders. ? I'm ordered to give you no explanation whatever/ he said. ' I've received iny instructions, and I obey them. If you wish to conclude this « ffp-ir you must let me do as I'm bid. If you're afraid you had best go back. It doesn't make the smallest difference to rae. I'm paid in advance/ And so speaking, he jostled some silver in the pockets of his velvet breeches. ?But — -' ' There's no but — it must be yes or no — and you must say the. word at once, for I've no desire to melt away in this rain. Still I must make one remark before we go any further. If you utter a single word it may cost us dear — you .must keep very quiet. We are playing for heavier stakes than you imagine/ Dr. Legris leaned toward his companion. *Let us go on/ he whispered. * So be it,* said Kaymond, ' and we won't speak except in a whisper/ The man thereupon rang the bell. Two minutes elapsed — a sound of footsteps was heard, two or three oaths were sworn, and then the gate was opened. A man carrying a lantern, and appa rently just aroused from bed, for his nightcap was drawn over his years, appeared at the portal. ? What do you want ?' he roughly asked. The guide pulled a paper out of his pocket and thrust it tinder the eyes . of the man with the nightcap, who calmly hung hie lantern on the bolt of the door and examined this paper, scruti nising certain stamps it bore. ' Sow many of you are there ?' he said, as he finished. * Three/ * Come in then/ They obeyed, and having carefully dosed the door, the keeper asked : * There's no need of my going with yon, I suppose/ * Not in the least/ answered the guide. 'Well, then I shall turn in— £so good night/ And thus speaking the keeper lounged back into his lodge, swinging his lantern as he went. The man from La Heine Blanche watched him depart with an air of profound indifference; but when the door closed and all was dark again, he drew a long breath of relief, as if he had escaped some great danger 'Good- riddance to you 3' he muttered, snapping his fingers. Eaymond and his friend were more puzzled than ever, but he apparently cared little for this. ' Here we are/ he gaily added, as he led them along. ' Here we are/ They were by this time at a few steps from the marbel pedestal on which lies the bronze effigy of Godefroy Cavaignac. Before them, as far as the eye could reach, there stretched the immense field of rest — the city of the dead. Certainly neither the doctor nor Baymond were accessible to those superstitious -terrors which haunt weak brains— and yet, by degrees . they felt that mysterious chill and awe caused by the presence: of death creep over them. At least, . however, their guide did not lose heart. 'The worst is done/ he said'; 'tut if we don't hurry now; we might as well have' remained away. Come on!9 And without the slightest hesitation, in fact as if he had been quite at; home, the man . turned into a wide avenue, on the right hand side, which was bordered by stately monuments. . Without an objection— without a word— the young men followed him. Where, they knew not, nor did they ask themselves, so utterly were their ideas disturbed by the strangeness of their situ ation. The rain had ceased falling but the wind had increased in furyj and Swept through the -trees, which sighed and groaned like living things. The clouds flew across the sky, screening the moon from time to time. The shadows seemed endowed with vitality, and the white statues looked like ghosts amid the tell daxk cypress trees..; However, the party moved -5n — through several avenues, down several steps, then up a steep ascent/ and, finally stopped, near the. chapel, built \p the Chainpdoee family; ' ? ? * Halt '/ exclaimed; -the guide. 'We have reached oui destination/ It was clear that he knew every foot of the ground, for he drew the young men behind a thick clump of evergreens, aad bade them crouch down. They hesitated. ' And what then?' asked the doctor. ? ? . , 'What-then? Why keep your eyes and ears open, thaf s all you'll have to do. Look straight before you/ From the spot where they stood Baymond and the doctor could see route thirty yards in front of them a portion of the cemetery wall, skirting the Eue deMaistre. The ground between them and this wall was level, and contained but one tomb, which was undergoing repairs. The front slab had been removed, andonecould detectanarrowcavity. The workmen must have been there all day, and. oddly enough, had leffrVtheijr tools lying about. 'And now?' began the doctor again.. : 'Now you are to hold .your tongue and not move,* answered jfche guid§ rudely. Having reached this point in their adventure, it was not worth. while for the young men to raise any objection -so Ifaey -waited 'in. anxious silence, but not without asldng themselves if they were fools— if they yere the victims of some practical joke. Thej- 'Were 'cbgi^iting in this fashion when their guide suddenly started, and ?whispered, for the ''first Qtatine, :with. an air of ^motion, * Hush! look at the wall 1' ., ? - -Above this wall a human figure now- slowly ap peared, It was that of a man, and it was light enough to see tfet he wore a* cap and along dark blouse.' He eat himself astriae on 'the trelL and then drew up a ladder from the street, and care* fully dropped it into the cemetery, securing it to thewallagainasif preparing for descent. Eay mondraaA the doctor hasjaly turned to .their guide 1 to question him. But he placed his hands over their mouths and murmured, 'Hushi Not a word! Wait and watch !* And presently another person appeared on the wall, dressed precisely like the first one. They seemed to be consulting each other; but at last they descended the waU, and moved about a. little, evidently listening. Being- finally reassured, they went back to their ladder, and probably made some signal, for almost immediately a third person appeared. So far as could be seen this third individual, by his air and dress, seemed to belong to a higher social grade than the others ; he appeared, in fact, to be their master. He evidently questioned them, and satisfied by their replies ' he, in his turn, made a sign to some one else in the street. The result was that a moment later a woman's head rose above the walL * Well, well !' muttered the man from La Heine Blanche, ' she is a cool one I do declare !' The lady, for she wa s evidently ao common woman, was dressed in black, and wore so thick a veil, that her features could not have been distinguished even in broad daylight. The gentleman offered his hand to assist her down the ladder, but she pushed him aside and descended into the cemetery without help. The whole party now approached, the tomb that was undergoing repairs, and passed so near the spot where the doctor and Eaymond were concealed, that the two young1 fellows could hear each word that was spoken. ' Here ifc is,' said the man who seemed to be directing the enterprise. 'Very well/ replied the lady, in an imperious tone -, ' then all we have to do is to make haste !' ? As if they were only waiting for' these words, the two men in blouses each took a forgotten pickaxe from the ground, and noiselessly removed the slabs of the tomb. This being accomplished they both stooped, and with their combined strength raised a coffin. Standing beside the veiled lady, t3ie well-dressed man was overlooking the work. 'Now, Madame la Duchesse/ said he, 'you will see if I have deceived you. Go on/ he added, turning to his men, who, -with perfect ease and coolness, inserted' their tools under the coilin lid and raised it with a strange cracking sound. Then the lady, who was called Madame la Duchesse, darted forward, bent over the coffin, and plunged her arms inside. It was in a tone of wild, deiirious joy that she. at tho same time exclaimed : * Empty .' The cofiin is empty !* Motionless behind the cypress trees which screened them, the doctor and Eaymond Delorge waited for a word which might reveal to them the meaning of this most extraordinary, almost unprecedented scene. They asked themselves what motives could induce people to scale the walls of one of the cemeteries in the heart of Paris, and violate the secrets of a tomb. But the word they waited for was not spoken. Without a syllable the lady and tho gentleman turned away, and, ascending the ladder, disappeared over the wall again. The two men in blouses alone remained in the cemetery. They quickly readjusted the lid of the coffin, and placed it inside the tomb again, then they set the slabs in position, and rapidly effaced all evidence of - the place having been tampered with. As soon as this work was completed, they went off in their turn, taking their ladder with, them over the wall. Of the scene which the doctor and Eaymond had just witnessed,- not a vestige remained to testify to its reality— every- thing had vanished as with one of those visions trhich haunt us during1 the aight time, and fade with dawn. It was high time, too, that the drama should end, for Eaymond could bear no more. He grasped their guide by the arm and shook him vigorously. 'Tell- me/, he said, 'how dare you bring us to look on at this shameless sacrilege? ~Who are these people? Whose .coffin is it that is empty ? what have I to do with it ? Give us your tacts and names/ The man slowly disengaged himself. ' You are .off the track, master/ he answered, in an imperti nent tone. ' The people who paid me to bring you here told me nothing of these secrets. I know nothing; but I have an idea that all you want to learn is inscribed on that tomb/ 'Of course!' rejoined Eaymond and the doctor at the same moment; and leaving their guide they hurried to the tomb, which was of simple aspect. The inscription it bore ran as follows : — ' Marie Sidonie. Died at the age of twenty-seven. Pray for her/ ' Well,' ejaculated the doctor inquisitively. But Eaymond seemed utterly bewildered. ' No family name/ he answered, ' and ' Sidonie ' gives me no clue — for I have not the smallest recollec tion ? * 'Don't trouble yourself/ said the doctor; 'I assure you that it is not worth while. Let us return to our guide/ This was easier said than ? done, however, for when they reached the clump of cypresses again their man had fled. They called — no answer. They listened — not a sound. They looked around — not a human being in sight. ' We are nicely fooled/ said the doctor, in a tone rather of anger than surprise; ' fooled as if we were children/ ' But this man ? ' ' Is far away, I fancy. Still, there's little pro bability of his getting out at this hour. We find him, no doubt, for I see no other way of leaving ourselves. This was true enough, and yet a moment later the doctor cried : ' Never mind, I have a plan, and its very audacity may bring success. Let us get to the gate again/ Unfortunately, they were so little acquainted with the cemetery that they had not the least idea in what part of it they stood. They wandered on among the tombs, and Eaymond nervously ex claimed : ? ' Suppose we were found here, how on earth should we explain our presence ?' That situation was indeed perplexing ; but at last the doctor thought he recognised the avenue they had first taken. He was right ; for on fol lowing it they soon beheld the rond-point . and the keeper's-lodge. ' Now for it ! ' whispered the doctor, and he immediately tapped aft the win dow. ?Who goes there?' called a voice from within. 'Ifs us, of course/ answered the doctor, sturdily. 'We want to go out/ * What, already f Your companion, who; has just gone, told me you would stay till day break.* 'We've changed our minds/ 'Then wait a moment,' said the guard, 5 and Til be there/ He was not very long, to be sure, in making an appearance, and he then at once opened the gate, exclaiming ' Till next time !' as the doctor and Eaymond passed out. M. Legris did not answer this remark, however; he was rubbing bis hands, and then, as soon as the gate was closed behind iim, he muttered, 'We have OUT TTlfl.TI / . (to be co»rnnTEi-.) Electeicttt fob WuiTEE's Cbamp. — In one of the broad windows of the recording department: of the office of James Bond, clerk of the Superior Court, is a small electric battery (said the Baltimore Sttn). It is used by the recorders for the relief of the cramp of the muscles of the hand, which follows long continued and steady use of the pen. The relief is instantaneous ; and clerks who were formerly compelled at times to stop -work for several days on account of swelling and contraction of the muscles of the hand now take a few gentle shocks of the electric current on the slightest approach of stiffness. They return -to work at once, entirely relieved, and continue without inconvenience. Nearly every one of Ihe score of clerks receives benefit from the electric current; and the battery is regarded as an indis pensable fixture of the office Labge Potatos. — Some large potatos have been grown lately in California. On the Pacific coast, two of which were shown weighed 8£lb each. . Specimens ?weighing 5£lb and 61b were publicly exhibited. They are called the 'O K Mammotli/'gand are said to be in all respects the best variety of potato ever raised in Calif omia. Takmees' Bots in'Town.— It is the fact (saia an; American .paper) that too many farmers' boys, lured by the glitter or city life, leave -the farm, captivated by fictitious .literature — too often to their ultimate-, sorrow- ,Bnt, if it were not for this yearly overflow of young men from overcrowded farms to the city, the marts of trade there could not exist. The artiii ,cial city life soon wears out the energy of the popu lation; so that in a few generations there would be' hut few master-minds were it not for this fresh influx of .country blood. . '. ?-. . . ^ Carrying a .book' clasped in the hands %hen strolling abroad, or walking about the house is the -latest I !ad among fashionable New Yorkers ?who w^h to'be-'jthc|ught 'blue.' . Soweyer, the-con-. tents of- the book itself fire not as important as the binding, which must match the hueof ihe owner's costume, or be condemned as in the worst .taste,---.. . . .... ,....C'..~: . . , ;...-.,!.,;: t 