The Prospects of Home Rule. The following article on the above subject, has been contributed to the New York Freeman by Margaret F. Sullivan, the great lady journalist of the United States, and wife of Alex ander Sullivan. Mrs. Sullivan sum marizes the situation, as she found it in England. "What is the outlook for Home Rule? Shall it come to Ireland first and alone, and through the reinstated Liberals? Is it to be the boon granted by the Tories to each of the kingdoms, as the price of their retention of power? Is Gladstone to pass away without return ing to his old place, at the head of the greatest of empires? A study of the present status of parties, may perhaps cast some light upon the foremost political and moral question of the age. It is a question which no longer affects, or relates to Ireland alone. It is the question which every thinking man, Liberal or Tory, Radical or reactionary, is asking him self in the British Islands. The men who do not think— a large portion of the aristocracy — take it for granted that no sensible disturbance of things will occur for them, until Gabriel sounds the note of the universal disturbance. They grow up as their fathers grew up. They begin life with a consciousness of superiority, which is gradually actualiz ed in a small attention to governesses and tutors ; in a scanty and spasmodic attendance at Rugby, or some other preparatory school ; in a later loung ing into one of the colleges at Cambridge or Oxford, assisted at every stop by a poorly paid pedant ; generally without a degree, they return to London, its dissipations and its brutalities. In seasons they dance, in season they dine, in the season, fish and hunt. They marry somebody, generally at parental discretion ; and in time, they are dozing on the bench of the House of Lords, or disedifying even their social equals, by failing to appear in that august chamber, or appearing only when a Tory Minister's fate requires their votes. This is the England that never thinks. It is the England that is as unchange able as the poverty, and the despair, of England. The England that THINKS IS IN THREE CLASSES. There is the honest, God fearing, self respecting Conservative, adhering to the dogma of hell for others, a heaven for his ilk ; the Crown, an Established Church, a House of Lords, Brittannia ruling the waves ; all the rest of the world, especially the Republic of France and the Republic of the United States, beneath his contempt. He is reluctantly compelled to admit that, in order to preserve the monarchy from affront, and the aristocracy from danger, the Church from spoliation, and the Conservative party from derailment, some concessions must be made to the disorderly, and undeserving, but troublesome elements. Of course, he prefers that these con cessions shall emanate from himself, and those he thinks with. Better small gifts, than large compulsions. Better change yourself slightly, than be changed by your enemies severely. He sees the danger to the country is the fiery Old Man. If he be let back to power, England is in peril. He is a Jesuit. He is secretly intriguing with the Pope of Rome. He means far more than he says. He reads prayers in Hawarden chapel ; but his heart is with the sinners and slaves that ought to be kept down in this world, as a fit preparation for eternal burning in the next. Under no circumstances, must he be allowed to get back to the head of the Government. Therefore, give grudgingly, give slowly, but give enough to keep Gladstone out. Nay ; if necessary, give everything he risks ; but bury him without letting him back to office. THERE IS THE LIBERAL, who believes that a constitutional monarchy is the safest, and the smoothest, form of political organization yet invent ed by man. The Crown, glorious in its history, surrendering, epoch after epoch, vast prerogatives constitutionally ac quired, and moderately administered, he deems a wise check upon the selfishness of the House of Lords on the one hand, upon the eagerness and impetuosity of an elective legislature on the other. The House of Lords, the pantheon con taining indeed, many dull heads, but a large number of splendid names, the eminence to which genius, valor, magnificent service to the State in the council, is raised by the sovereign's will amid the people's applause, ought to be maintained as a balance wheel, in the strenuous machine of imperial Govern ment. The House of Commons, the most renown legislature of ancient or modern times ; the national rostrum whereon, with becoming restraint, the oratory of a mighty people, is always to be heard ; the free corrector of abuses, and the unhampered author of judicious innovation, is it not to be cherished with worshipful devotion ? What country presents a more efficient organ of national opinion ? But there's the people. The Liberal has been learning for fifty years, to think of the People, to capitalize the word, to contemplate the part they should have in transacting their own business, for after all, Govern ment is not sentiment, but simply business. But sentiment is worth preserving, at least for its historical interest. Therefore, preserving senti ment, but admitting that Government is really only business, the Liberal is ready to sustain the Grand Old Man, in derobing sentiment somewhat ; making her antique in drapery, and to his eye nobler, therefore, in increasing simpli city ; while the people, each great natural division of the kingdom, isolated from the rest, and consolidated within its set bounds, shall transact its own business, without impairing in any essential, the Crown, the House of Lords, the paramount privileges of the House of Commons, the dignity of aristocracy. THE THIRD THINKING GROUP respect history only for the light it throws upon the future. They recall the throne, to remind a nation of its despots, its confiscators, its profligates, its imbeciles, its spendthrifts, its misers, its lunatics, its vices, its meannesses. They point to the legislative record of the House of Lords, that barrier in the way of every righteous change, that perpetual protest against liberty, that conspicuous bomb of intellectual inferior ity, of religious vulgarity, of social pretension; whose majority never drew a benignant breath, and whose daily existence is a satire upon freedom in law, a scandal to the manners and morals of the time, and a stone upon the high way of progress. They sneer at the empty churches, and fell purposes of the Establishment. They raise their eyes in protest to the Holy Ghost, that is accredited with designating the curates who buy church livings from that paragon of sancity, the Prince of Wales, and the exemplar of virtues, the Duke of Marlborough. They tread upon city leaseholds, that never pay a farthing of taxes, and never were paid for, to the extent of a farthing by their claimants ; and while the equipages of idle luxury sweep by, they burn with wrath at sight of the rags, and hopeless ness from whose labor taxes are extorted, through a series of costly middlemen. To the Radical, every change is a better ment. But why should the changes be for Ireland alone? Is there no oppression in Wales? Are there no evictions in Scotland? Shall the wealth of England enjoy all the benefits, and the labor of England pay all the assessments that perpetuate her great ness? Out of the thinking of these three great parties, must come the solution of the whole political problem in Great Britain. They are curiously equipped with leaders. The true Tory wants no leader. In the words of an American critic, he is a man of mediocre, but balanced mind, with moderate powers orderly related. He wants peace. Clatter, no matter for what end, disturbs him. He wishes only to draw his rents and his pipe, to have some appearance of religion at funerals, weddings, and christenings in the family, and is willing to pay for that, as he would for sherry or roast beef. He despises eloquence ; he sneers at reform; he prefers to have his mind to himself, and if the men at the head of the party must let talk run riot about politics, well, let them indicate in the easiest and briefest way, what man to send to Parliament, and let the moss be settled there. For such a thinker, Lord Salisbury is an admirable leader. He is reticent, selfish, ponderous, reso lute, devoid of sympathies, acquisitive, secretive, pompous, deferential. When he chooses rare occasions for public speech, he is brutal, defiant, contemp tuous. When he finds that the mob must have something to quiet them for a time, he makes up a programme, and the body of his following, sullenly carries it out. Balfour has never been accepted as a Conservative leader. He reached official station illegitimately, by nagging the older men who had grown to ostensible leadership, through the selective stupidity of their colleagues. He is not trusted. The true Tory leader is a mastiff, sturdy, silent, re lentless. Balfour is only a snapping and yelping terrier, who mistakes dust for popularity, denunciation for ap plause, cruelty for executive talent, and insolent mendacity for political annals. He is too impulsive to become a true Tory leader. He is too ready and voluble with his tongue, too self-assert ing among older men, too determined on keeping himself to the forefront, to be a safe counsel of the party, whose chief business is simply to be barricades and blockheads. The Tory party keeps perfectly still ; and when it must move, it moves in a mass, and does not tolerate any member too far ahead of the first column. Therefore it has no leaders, whom it is willing to recognize preeminently in that role. The Liberals have only one leader. He has numerous lieutenants. There is not one among them, that can walk at his pace, chop with his axe, speak with his tongue, or parry with his foil. Morley is an excellent man, but too literary in mental process for a great party champion. Sir William Harcourt has a bad tongue, rather than a bright one! and has been withal, such a mixture of qualities, brave and timid, bold and skulking, brilliant and splene tic, keen and blunt ; extravagant in all things, almost to the verge of being Falstaffian, so that no party, except in buckram, will ever deliberately choose him for leadership. After Gladstone comes — Nobody. THE RADICALS ARE OPPOSED TO LEADERS on principle. Each man among them is his own leader, and he alone is his own follower. For at this hour, it is impossible to make the Radical "dress." The squad despises discipline. It refuses to conform to itself. It is all animation ; it is like the everlasting toss and tumble of the sea, everywhere alert, powerful, capable of overturning an empire, should its rage become great enough, capable of lulling peace to sleep, with its regular deep pulse. But it will not admit, that any man has yet spoken the complete word in its behalf. A considerable portion of it looks upon Labouchere as its most brilliant ex ponent, if not its most effective, as he certainly is its most daring and con sistent advocate. He has been a Radical from conviction always ; he smiles genially at the number of Liberals who have gradually become Radicals, from expediency or the pressure of forces they do not pretend to understand. It has been the unique right of Labouchere to hold the mirror of ridicule so often to the Commons, that every time he shows it, its own face now, when he is not invariably disposed to deride, he must by force of habit, laugh. He has done incalculable good for Eng land, by making it laugh at its own follies. But it does not forgive him, for it is not in human nature that it shall; and while intellectually, he has no match in the Radical party, and compels it to follow, neither to him nor to any other, is it yet prepared to vouchsafe the rod of command. The small regiment of able, earnest, sincere men, who are doing the writing and the talking for Radical England, are rein forced by the sombre and powerful personality of Michael Davitt, whose clean cut thought, unselfish idealism, epic and pathetic career, and heroic elevation of spirit, render him the most impressive and persuasive figure in Radical Great Britain. Mr. Chamberlain smirks in the corridors of the Tory party, neither leading nor following ; playing a political Jeems Yellowplush. Lord Randolph Churchill continues to torment him, and to plague both Liberals and Tories, while he ogles the Radicals, and flirts with labor and democracy. Mr. Parnell stands dignified and pale, clear and determined, in the shadow of the Grand Old Man, all purposes blended into one, all tactics subordinated to that mighty leader's word of campaign, wait ing for opportunity. The gossip about his decline of health, need not he taken too gravely. He has grit enough to keep him alive and dangerous, until a Parliament shall be assembled in the old and beautiful legislative chambers of Ireland. Only one key fits the lock of the situation. It is progress. No nation that thinks, sleeps forever, or moves backward when it moves. Movement is indispensable to life. Progress is home rule. I venture to believe, that it will be home rule for England, Scotland, and Wales, as well as for Ireland ; and that the Tories will bring in the bills, rather than surrender office. The Radicals will be the dictators. MARGARET F. SULLIVAN. There are two cases of leprosy in New York — one in the German hospital, and another secreted in Fordham. 