THE DARFIELD BALL: OP., THE AIESMEIUST'S OEGIE* The Jubileo year—and the Mayor of Darfield (which, by tbo way, yon will not find in "Bradshaw") was going to give a ball. It was the concluding festivity in this loyal town ; all the invention that the mayor aud his friends could bring to bear upon the enbject had already been used up. The town officials had come to a garden party ; the town Salvationists had held n wake In the Mayor s park; the cab drivers had had their treat; the work honao people bad been ticketed and labelled, and the corporation wagons had conveyed them to the Mayor's tea ; tho actors and actresses then staying in tho town had been invited toon amateur dramatic performance in the Mayoi'a drawing room ; tho bobbies had run races ; tho newsboys had been filled with bans and good advice; even tho scavengers had been played oa by tho fire brigade, and had come in their well-scrubbed carts BiDging ''God save us all." Nobody had been forgotten, but " tho upper ten and now they were to have their ball in the great mansion known as tho Park. The Mayor had won golden opinions from all— from tho town councillor who said at tho school board meeting that "honr mayor 3.111 a 'appy way of makiu' 'iinself hentcrtainin' to hall," down to tho urchin who wrote in chalk on tbo Park gates, " God bless our MARE." Bat this ball was to includo all tho people who had any pretensions to respeotability—it was to Bweep up tho crumbs which tho other invitations had allowed to fall. All Darfiold was to taste somehow or other of tho Mayor's goodness ; and if a man had not been ablo to qualify as an actor or a parson or a professed drunkard, or a half timer, or a panper over ninety, ho could now get in as a Darfield gentleman And this wish of the generous Mayor was giving no littlo trouble to his dutiful clerks who wero making out tho in vitations. Somo of these clerks were new hands, and they did not know tho Darfield names so woll as people entrusted with duties like theirs ought to havo dour. Tho Mayor himself, not in very good health and intoxicated with tho jubilee generally, " loft all these matters alone," and the result was that the head clork got hold of eome old invitation lists and an 1SS0 nircc'-ory, aud dividod out tho letters of the alphabet among a dozen careless subordinates. In due tirno tho oard3 wore cent and answers began to pour in. All was satisfac tory for a time ; but as the days went on ono or two complaints wore beard, and tho head clerk received several applications from people whose names had been left out, from others whose initals had been mistaken,from women who had been invited as men, and from men who had been invited as women. All these mistakes they rectified as well as they could without saying anything to tho Mayor ; but ono morning a packet of answers came in which caused them at first to laugh and then to look rather more solemn. Some ono must have been playinc a trick on the Mayor to write to him in such a fashion as this. Tho first letter they opened ran thus ;— Mrs Tv alter Smith does not as yet exist, but the candidates for the j.ost will be pleased to accept the Mayor's kind invitation. They will appear in outline. Tho next letter bore neither stamp nor postmark, and ran thus— Sir and .Mrs Thrale havo left Darfield for many years, and are living in Australia, but they will be delighted to he present in the shadow body at the Mayor'B ball. The third letter was curl, and the wavy lines Beemed to fade and come again ra you read it:— I, Miss 'Wilson; am not yet born. Absurd to ask me, and extremely annoying to my parents. Then came a large envelope, stained with water and dust, and looking as if it had come a very great distance indeed; and while they wero opening it, in burst tho Mayor. Ho wsb in a terrible state of excitement. "I don't know what I've done," he almost yelled, " that I should he tormented like this. I've had no sleep ever truce you began to send out those infernal invitations. Every night I dream—no, it isn't a bream—I too people whom 1 novrr met, and they walk into my room, and they hang over mc, and one says, ' 3Iay I come! and another say, ' May I realty come ? and another E.ays, 'Do yon mean itand last night I determined not to go to bed at ail, and I sat up iu my study aud smoked and read ; and after a time I dozed n bit. and ray head fell on my hands. What a fool I was to go to sleep! They took advantngo of ma at one.', fori was just dozing when I hcar l a fellow chuckle, and I looked up, and, toy hat! what do you tl.ink I saw?" The clerks gathered closer, and thought the | .Mayor was Jubilee-mad. " I saw," continued the old man—auu lie really looked very serious—" I raw old Els worthy, who died sir years ago, dragging into my study—what ?—yea—a coffin ; and he propped it up against my study wall. And then be wentoutand beckoned at the door,and two other men—one was the sanitary inspec- ] tor of the district in 1SS1,and tho other I don t , remember a bit,camo bumping in,each with a coffin under his arm ; and my gas flickered ! and almost went out when the Bauitary doe tor hit the chandelier with tho butt end of his coffin. And I sat and glared, and felt myself as cold as ice. And they propped their coffins up against tho wall lengthways, and then two of them climbed up and snt on the top, looking down at me and kiekiug their heels upon the silver plates 1" "Good Lord ! said tho head clerk, " do you mean it, sir ?: " Mean it 1 said the .Mayor. " Wait a bit. Here ; you staud at that door, and don:t let any one come in." A cleik went at once to tlm door and looued outside, half amused and half friehtencd. The Mayor enr.rlcd at him. " See if yen can kci p a door shut, though you can't send cut an invitation properly." The four of them waited for the Mayors wrath to subside. It soon did, hut his excitement rose. " Elsworlhy camn aud stood in fiont of me and waB going to speak when that in spector kicked and rattled his coffin so haul that my old fiiend slopped, "'Stop playing with your handle,'said he: I can't remember what ho called tho fellow. "Was it Jorkin?"saia the clerk at tho door "Yes—ah, yce !—Joikiu. Uow do you know "I sent him an invite," answered the olerk "Yon idiot!" screamed the Mayor, "don t you know he was suffocated in tho Sigh street eewer some four years ugo !" " Before my time," murmured the clork. "Behind it, I'm afraid," whispered a voice just above their heads. " Who said that?" yelled tho Mayor. Sobody knew. They were as much scared as he. "You've put enough tricks on me. I'l have no ball. I'il dismiss every man I employ I'll make oil tho cab-drivers and drunkard pay for their own treats; III " But they quieted him a bit, and ha went on with his experiences of the night before. " Wei I a Elsworthy ecid, cMy ilenr Mayor —that is, old J ack Adams : we—have been —permitted—to accept the kind invitations —which—your clerks—have sent—to thir teen of us—dowu in the cemetery, and wo three have come as a deputation (Elawor thy tvas always getting up deputations) 'to thank you. i!ut we havo also written our acceptance, which will reach 3'ou to morrow. You will of course excuse our appearing—in -—rather unfashionable—hut—wo hope—not —uncomely—attire. On enquiry wo find that only one person, and he a lunatic, has ever been buried in evening dress. With the ladies there will not be much difficulty ; they always carry some finery with them, end the less they wear tho more fashionable they will be. We have come to-night—to thank you—and to ask it you would kindly —give us—your assurance—that wo shall not be turned back at tho door—merely I because—we do not wear—what we have— ' long since—left behind us. Wentleinen, I call upon you to give throe cheers for tho first Mayor who ever sent out thirteen in vitations to the dead.1 "The cheers were rudely and loudly given, and Elsworthy propped his coffin sideways on a chair and balanced himBelf at tho top. " Well, I had had time to look round and think, aDd I saw a chance of escape. X stood up and shook my fist at all of them. " 1 You ahan t come without evening dross,' I cried, 'not if you each brought u dead lord with you. " ' Won t we ?' said tho sanitary man, in d meaning tone. ' Come od, Elsworthy.' "Elsworthy seemed so astonished at my exclamation that ho slid all the way dowu hiB coffin on to tho floor. Xlowover, he qnickly recovered himself, and ho and Jorkin marched silently to the door. But the third man, whose face I really don't know, was in an awful rage. He jumped from his peroh at the gas and turned it out, hie coffin came after him, fell, and smashed a"globe of the chandelier. The noise outside too was very great; for though they all marched through closed the door, yet, when Elsworthy proposed a toboggan race down Rtairs, insteid of being quiet, like ordinary ghost*, the three coffins charged against one aco hcr, crackling and rattling, and the riders 011 them yeUed, I was in the dark as the noise of the tobogganing died away. ct I don't know whether I was there a minuto or au hour; out iny wife and some servants, hearing loud laughter, they said, rushed down and found the gas out cud mo standing 011 my Ublo, with my boot on my beet Shakespeare and my head all amoug the chain? of the chandelier. One globe was broken, as I told you, and on tho floor were | tbreo loose screws ?*' " Screws loose muttered a clerk. ii Is that a!J, sir V ho continued, aloud. " flail ? ain't that enough ? And uow I toll you wot, I'm afraid of that letter ; I h*m. I don't want you to hopen it. Burn it." But this the clerk?, especially the one at the door, demurred to. They wished to ncu the letter, and the hcail clerk pointed out that it waa their mistakr, and tluy would like to know exactly what thoy,had done. So tho poor old Mayor gave way. The solemn looking envelope, which had no maker s name, was turn open, and out on to the table fluttered a wide bheefc of Jiimy paper, like a grey Chineso napkin. At lirat ifcfloctned to contain no writing at all, mrl tho Mayor breathed freely. But ono of the clerks detected a very faint silvery line, ana suggested tint it should be looked at in the dark. c< I won't come," aaid tlio Mayor— and ho didn't. He stayed and lighted a cigar The other* took Iku paper into tho next rooru, which they carefully darkened, and then the bead clerk held the paper on high, and they read tho following words, written in thin, hazy lines :— M Wo accept with much delight an in vitation which oo rarely comes to us, Wo would come from aDy distance to seo old friends, and to do honor to Victoria, Queeu j of the dead as of tho living. Wo arc per mitted on the night of Iho ball to stay among ycu till the third hournfter midnight," Here followed tho thirteen signatures: — Jane Bertram, died 1SS3. Ethel Alice Carr, died 1SS0. Dorothy Flower, died 1578. Lsdy Alicia Grey, died 1S79. Susan Hogg, died 1870. Dei beit Castlcton, died 1579. John Jorkin, nuflooated 1SS3. Mastrr Abel Elder, died 1G4S. John EUworlby, died 1SS0. Alfied Stair (cleik in holy orderr) died 1SS1. William, Charles, and Mary Young, died (drowned oue another), 1S70. They Cupird it, aud tho Mayor listened to it in uiter n.'jto'u-hment. Lio knew all tho names well enough, r.nd some of the people weic dead, ho feln j-uu" ; but be thought that tlu* modern Flowers and Caatletona ivud Elder*-, the oldest families in tho town, whoso names, Chrietian aud huruame, bo bad bitn elf wri'l-in down, preserved to-day tho Dorothys aud Abels which he had to often scon upon the tombstones. However, there the names wore, aud the Mayor could only ga-p and say, 4tIa that all? 3 " iSo," said a clerk, " there's a P. Hess. In t!m corm i- it e^ys that Mr Jorkin, C.E,, will take care that no inconvenience shall bo caused by tho f;.cfc that tho guests have been fur some time diseased and liviu in a semi nary/ Tha Mayor gazed blankly on his cnbordi natce, and returned home, a cad andcobcr Tho day of tho ball drew near; the arrangements were all completed. The Mayor v.v/j now particularly busy, but the family doctor vn* heard to Bay that it would be a mercy if thi3 Jubilee uonsence riidu'c drive the Mayor rff hii head. But then, cure enough, another doctor, who waa staying in Darfield, near the Mayot's house, and treated the Mayor for bin 41 nerves, 3 pooh poohed this, and only Rtnilod quietly at the other b rcmrrk. Iu addition to mcu who wore to take the invitation ticket**, tho Mayor had, in liia nervous stite, provided ctalwuifc people who wore to be ready for anything 'hat might occur.' The music was all settled ; the Mayors mansion was one mass of flowers. Everything Bccincd beauti ful when the Mayor himself paced the empty hall-room at six o clock iu the evening. £I Will they cemo?" he thought. (< Will they come? Can thoy come?' He had told no one of his difficulty', except hia wife. Tho clerk3 wero sworn to secrecy. But tho Mayor, being an upright man, had decided, after a sleepless night, that ho must tell his guests, Hia clerks had advised him to risk it: it was n jiractic.-.l joke, they s:\id. Hut the Mayor very sensibly anEwercd That, practical joko or no, his guests would bo frightened at any disturbance which might take place. Hia clerks answered that his guests would only laugh at him ; hut to this he replied that in that case the harmony of the evening would not by broken. Ho at last grew savage, and told fils clerks to hold their tonguee. The guests 03mo in shoals, The Mayor and Mayoress, a trifle palo but very cheery, received them courteously, and stood for more than it couple of hours dispensing politeness. The guests then made a long lane for their host and hostess to pass through. The baud was roady for its work, the Mayor had taken bis soat, and tho ball was on the point of beginning, whoD, con trary to all precedent, the host of the even ing rose, asked for silence, and, forcing a smile, addressed his wondering guests. Ho was quiet, and dropped no aspirates and put in no needless ones. Ho only did this in moments of wrath and great excitement. "My friends, I want to say n word. You know bow glad we aro to see you bore. I didn't get up to toll you that. "My friends, I dare say you'll laugh at what I'm going to any ; but I must warn you about a curious thing which maybe will take place to-night.' Here tho Mayor paused—wiped his brou looked at the door, shuddered, and looked round at his chief clerk. "Go on and get it done,' whispered that rcaplendout person. " My friends, my subordinates have iuvited, unknown to mo, thirteen dead people to this ball. And, my friends, I beliovo upon my Bolemn word that they're all coming.'' At this thcro was n burst of laughtor, polite laughter ; but it Bhaded down into a rather awkward Eilcnco as thoy saw their ho3t serious and pale. " My friends, besides this, thoy havo invited a person as isn't born, another that only exists in tho dim future, n third that never did exist, and was never meant to exist: and two old friends who aro in Au3 tralia,and who aro coming in a shaddyboddy. I do not wish to frighten any one ; but I ehould like to read to you the names of theso people, all of whom havo sent mo answers to say that they will bo here from twclvo till thiee.' Hero tho Mayor put on hia spcctaciep, and amid a scarcely EuppresEed titter con tinue!, reading his list, and making his notoa as he went on. " Mrs Waller Smith." "I am informed that there is no Mrs Walter Smith." Here tho Mayor detected Mr Walter Smith in tho crowd, and nodded pleasantly to him. Upon his arm was lean ing a beautiful girl—a Miss Jackson—who blushed furiously when the Mayor said thcro was no Mrs Walter Smith. Mr W. S. tried to took as if ho were amused, but ho failed utterly. "Mr n y, d Mrs Thralo. * " Those friends of oars, wlia left Dar* field for Australia some years ago, are coining in a shaddyboddy—perhaps an Australian conveyance. The Mayor left out the third name, and suddenly got very red. But ho glanced at the door, and paled again. " MrB Strapper. " A long list of answorB has been sent from several Mrs Strappers. \Ye really can't moke them out." Hero Colonel Strapper, a handsome ba chelor of abont forty, looked anxiously round him, and then roared with laughter. " My friendB, the following dead peoplo have signified their intention of coming, though I've tried my beBt to put them off— Jane Bortram, Miss Carr, Doootby Blower, Lady Alicia Grey, Susan Bogg, Herbert Castleton, John Jorkin, Master Abel Elder, John Elewortliy, Rev. Alfred Stair, and threo youug YoungB. "Some of them you know. Somo you would bo glad to soo I dessay; I shan't. But I hope you .von't seo any of 'em, I renlly can tell you no more. And I hope you'll all enjoy yourselves." Here the Mayor sank down, and somo of tho peoplo looked grave, and glanced at tho Mayor's doctor. The majority, however, took it all as a joke of tho Mayor's, who by this means meant to forestall any cutting remarks that might bo made in the comio paper, the Darfield Hornet. The Mayor b doctor had once or twice tried to Btop hia speech ; and now that it waB over ho suggested that his patient should go and take somo rest. But the old man was obdurate. He went down among tho guests, laughed, talked, and danced with tho best of them; and to alt remarks about his joke ho pleasantly replied : "Well, it's oil my mind, and you re all warned. Tho writer of tho present story well re members that evening, I was inclined to taku tho speech as a ponderous joke, and along with buudrcds of othoro I had forgotten tho occurrence when I happened to look at my watch : 1 found that it wanted a minute to twelve, and hurried from tho supper-room to tho hall-room. I waited at tho door, determined to cco anything that could he seen, My friond Iho Mayor wab there, on tho pretouco of epoaking to a ^ doorkeeper, but I could eeo that ho was noxiously watoh- i ing the stairs, c'By Jove !" I heard him say, in on awestruck voice, and ho fled ; and I I saw no more of him that night. "By Jove ! was elicited by tho appearance of an uti washed man in cccdy drees clothes and an almost yellow chiit, who gave in kisinvita tion card with a rather jaunty atl" 1 whispered to ouo of tho doorkeepers, •'Suppose it 11 bo all right; I left it down-* st urs." "Oh, yes, all right/' eaid tho man. not understanding him, and in he went. I looked at his card ; it was J. Jorkin, Iho sanitary inspector. Nobody insido tho room uoticotl lum at ail. But in a lew minutes he went up to Colonel Strapper. The Colonel moved as if in fear, turned, gazed at him, and retired. " Good heaveno 1" ho eaid, " hero's ono of em. Jorkin, the Biucil-ffiau, by cad !'' They v:ere coming—so it seemed to me. I was dizzy, and felt as if I had been drinking. But I saw them plainly. Tho confusion at l.bo door baffled description. People of mo3t peculiar appearance, dressed, some in black clothes, Homo in white, were depositing coffins ronnd tho walls in the passage. There was no need for them to show any invitations. At tho sight of tho first ono tho doorkeepers tied. This first comer*was dressed in green hose, a brown trunk, a doublet, and a blue lined clonk, and a flat Elizabothan hat was on his head ; his jewelled sword and dagger glittered from his waist, and his hands wore encased in leather gauntlets. But all his clothes hung liko sacks on him, and, as I looked closely, 1 saw that he was no corpse, hut a skeleton ! lie passed in, leading a lady of tho same age as himself (that is, about 315), and I shall not forget the panic in that ballroom. The music went on ; for tho bnud saw not this ghastly pair ; but ono or two did sea them, and communicated their terror to the rest, and the people rolled over ono another in their eagerness to oEcape. Tho skeleton of Sir Herbert Castleton saw the panic ho had created, and courteously retired. But tho guests still fled, and though they retaiued enough politeness to sec the ladies out first, in tivo miuutes tho ballroom was cleared. The dancoa went anywhere elso ; they lied into tho gardens, conserva toires, drawing-rooms, bedrooms, kitchens. Only only one or two dared to return and gaze into the largo room lately so full of life; hut a few did, and this is what wc saw. I was rooted to tho spot ; I nover could tell why, for I felt frightened enough. All tho invited dead were dancing—but there was no music—and the daueos were all different ; stately iniuucts and swimming waltzes suc ceeded one another rapidly ; while tho lead iug ghost, Elsworthy, played, though wo heard nothing, upon his own coffin with fiddlestick. We, tko watchers, identified them oil. There wero the two from Australia, looking with a fearful eye on their companions ; there wero tho future Mrs Walter Smiths, mere Bhadows, heads of beauties of D.ufield, who wero on tho look out for lone lorn bachelors; there was nn ugly thing, Mrs Strapper, ranging about to linil the husband doomed to meet her in tho future, who at that moment was flirting in tho unlighted conservatory, trying to assure tho best-looking MiBB Belmain that tho wholo was a joke. There was tho skeleton pair lost in amazement at tho decorations. Thorn wero tho three who drowned ono another, very moist hut very ''"PPyj ar>d tho Bev. Alfred Stair, who had died in 1SS1, and was a perfect lamb in t'lio life, was puliing at a long weed which ho had taken from the smoke room and was sit ting on a bo.v of regalias which ho meant to take away with him. Catching sight of us, Jorkin and Els worthy, who wero acting as masters of tho ceremonies, appeared to come towards tho door. The people round it, old friends of both of them, turned tail and fled—all hut one or two. I stood my ground, and con centrated all my faculties into ono as I stared at tho advancing pair, and said, " Can they coma ? How can they come ? j As Hooked, they faded, faded, faded; and before they got to mo, I knew that I had won the day. They wero no longer there. Tho figures in tho ball room wero dimmer and dimmer;tho skeletons subsided into the ottoman ; tho three drowned children swam into the floor ; tho beautiful profiles of Mrs Walter Smith "left not a rack behiud. There was tho room, deserted by mon, it is true, but empty of ghosts. With n sigh of relief I said, aloud, "It is ovor—thank God !" "It is over," said a voice by my sido ; "and I can assure you I am glad of it. I turned round, aud beheld one of tho Mayors quests—a doctor in Dnrfield, whom I had heard of, but never mot before. I said before that ho had been 6taying clo3eto tho Mayors house. He was a line man, with a keen, dark oyo, which now waa rather dulled, as ho turned to me and said in a sleopy tono, "You go and call tho guests back ; I must sleep." Beforo I eould answer him lio was down upon a rug in a corner, and I went off on my errand. No ! They would not coma ! They wore Bure they had not boon deceived. I reasoned with them, pleaded with them; said that tho Mayor's kindness would bo rudely repulsed by them, if they thought any longer cf a momentary scare. At last they did return, in twos aud threes ; tho men eaine lirst and then tho women, who thought it no fun to be left alone with nobody to comfort them in tho gardens and cousei vatorica; and at last tbo band came back, Wlieu tho lirst noto of tho music sounded a cloud seemed to lift, and tho dancing soon was as morry as over, whilo the people appeared as if by magio to forget what had happened, in their anxiety to show they were above all euch absurd frights. But one or two oldor men carae lip to me aud said there was no smoko without lire, and that they had a reason for wishiug to speak with me. Wo went into n corner. "Wo want to know," said one of them, " if you were at tbo door whon this supposed entry of ghosts took place." "Yes, I was, all tbo time." "Do you believo you saw anything." " Yes," I said, "I beliovo I saw forms of people. But I'm really not myself yet.' "Can you account for it?" " No," I answered ; " bat 1 should liko this gentleman to bo asked, llo waa at tho door too. As I spoke, I pointed to the sleeping doctor,aud kicked him accidentally, but bo did not move. "Tho very thing we said," they answered all at once ; " wo want him ; wo will talk to him. ' Well, wo had to wake him Gist, and wo couldn't do that without carrying him into tho next room. We did wake him, however, and told him what wo wanted. Ho grew rather angry and refused to disenss it. Ono of the men, a brothcrof tho ElBworlliy who had appeared, or seemed to appear that evoning, quietly took out a revolver, which ho had borrowed from tho Mayor s butler, and said :— " Look here, doctor ; wo are four to ooo. Wo have our roisous for asking you. We mean to have this out of you, that is, if you can tell us what wo want to know. Now then, go on." Well, ho hung baok and refused, and pooh-poohed tho matter again and again; called us a pack of old womeu, superstitious fools, and tho like. But wo stuck to him, and at last ho admitted that, if wo would hold our toogues about it, bo would tell us what he knew. "No, wo said, "wo couldn t do that." But wo promised at last to keep what ho should tell us dark till ho was gone from Darfield, and we kuew that ho intended to take to London Iifo in a few months. "It was an experiment, he said ; "and it Bncoeedod, unfortunately, better than I ex Dected. I expect you readers of this will laugh at this concluding paragraph of mine, but I cant help that, 1 givo it in the doctors own words. "It was on experiment of the will. I am always successful in experiments connected with mesmerism, hypnotism, and the like ; but I didn't know till to night that I oould deceive a whole body of people.' "Thon there were no ghosts ? " I inter rupted. "Ghosts 1 " ho said. " I heard weeks ago 1 of tho mess made by the Mayor's clerks. I I got hold of one of the clcrkB and had those | answers written, and a week ago or more J, Beated in my Btudy lato at night—a room which overlooks the Mayor's house—tried j an experiment upon our good Mayor, which, I regret to say, was too suooessfal, By an enercise of will, well known at IcaBt to scientists in France, I canned liim to fancy that ho had aeon and talkod to Borne old friends, long dead. I followed him next day to his office, ' and by a little ventrilo quism I got him still further under my in fluence. I had elaborated my plan before, for I knew I could bo successful with the Maj-or, ss ho is a mesmeric patient of mine. My names I had got from the clerk, my dates from the papers and churchyards. I advised the clerk to tell tho Mayor to make that speech. While he was making it he was under my influence ; you saw that he felt that he was telling the truth. By an exercise of will whicli has left me very weak,I forced two or three of the pcoplo standing near mo to conjure up tho imagos which I conjured up before myself. It was a great success. Only tenor twelve really were under my power; the rest of the hall room fled because of the Mayor's speech and because of tho real terror of tho few. This gentleman (pointing to me) freed himself after some time from 1 my superior presence ; aud I at once gave np, utterly overpowered. Ideally you must lot mo sleep again. I did not let him Bleep all at once. My companions called bim all sorts of names ; and although they respected their promise, and would not hurt him, they felt very | much inclined to thraBh him on the spot. But X knew what they were asking them selves—did they beliovo his story ? Did I! —really I cannot tell. I turned onco tnoro to this strango person, " Whet could have induced you," I said. " to try such a trick in a gontleman's houBe, where you might have murdered many peoplo through sheer fright. "Interests of science,1 he replied,sleep ily. " Ploaso get mo my carriage." I I got him his carriage, and went back to tho dancers. He left the town next day, and I never heard of him again. " A." 