NEWS OP THE WEEK. ! Tus bearing of the «barge of manslaughter in Regina v. White, has been adjourned till Monday next. THE wool ship West Australian, says our Geraldton contemporary, this year will leave Geraldton for thu first time without lead ore ballast, an unpleasant sign of the times, indi « iting only too plainly a6 it does, the complete cassation of lead mining operations at North- ampton. A coEEOBOREK was held by some aboriginals at Highgate Hill on Saturday evening last. During the course of the festivities three women were somewhat seriously injnred, and one man was speared but not with a very seríeos result. . Three of the participants in the corroboree are now in custody. WE hear that Mr. P. Hagan, a respected .resident of Fremantle, was suddenly seized with a fit, while walking down High-street, .Fremantle, on Tuesday evening. He was immediately oonveyed home and attended by Dr. Birmingham. We are glad to report thit on Wedneday morning he had somewhat xscovered from the sudden attack. .?? _ WE are requested to state that contributions towards a Christmas tree or any other con- genial amusement, for the children at the Swan Orphanage and Half Caste Institution, will be thankfully reoeived by Miss Moore, Mrs. Gale, or Miss Cave at the Church of England Book Dépôt, by whom they will be forwarded to their destination. His ExOEtMNcr the GOVEBHOB was enter- tained at a farewell dinner 'by the members of the Weld Club, oh Tuesday 'evening'! The dinner took place in the large smoking room below, which was filled with the hosts. Jndge Stone was in the chair, and the proceedings were, of course, of a private character. AMONGST the passengers by the speoial trans which left Perth, on Wednesday, for Albany conveying His Exoellency the Governor and Lady Broome, was Mr. 8: H. Parker, one of tiie delegates to England in connection with the passing of the Enabling Bill, who travels te England in the same steamer as His Ex- cellency and Lady Broome. ON Monday evening the outside refreshment bo »th and the gates at the Perth race course, for the coming Summer "Meeting of the W. A. T. C., were put up fer Sale by auction. The highest bid for the outside refreshments was that of Mr. E. Maggs, ¿575, and at that figure they were knocked down to him. Mr. A. Dearden secured tue gate for £32. AB Christmas is drawing near, we are re- quested to remind the members of the Odd Minutes Society that a parcel of clothing would be very acceptable' for the Orphange children. It is hoped that all the members have something ready. IX sent to Miss Moore she will forward the articles t$ the Orphan- age as a Christmas gift from the members. Two notifications appeared in Thursday's Gazette, the one stating that the Governor had accepted the Hon. J. A. Wright's resig- nation of his prosent appointments nader the Government, from the 1st January next, and the other that His Excellency had appointed Mr. Wright to act as Consulting Engineer to the Government from the same date. OH Monday afternoon, Lady Broome held her final and farewell reoeption at Government House. An immense number of visitors called daring, the two hours the reception, buted, and were received by the Governor ; and Lady Broome in the drawing- room. Both His Excellency and Lady Broome seemed greatly affected during this, their last leave-taking of so many of their friends. A COMPLETE cricketing outfit has been pre- sented by the well-known firm of McDonald Scales, & Co., of London, to the Fremantle School, for the use of the scholars during the ensuing season. The bats were speoially selected from one of the best makers (Duke & Son), and the set comprises two leather bahs, leg guards, gloves, stumps, and two willow bats of the highest finish. THE following names were added, on Monday, to the daily list of persons for whom un- claimed letters are lying at the General Post Office :-A. P. Abbott, A. Debetay, A. Don nelly, J. Hueddart, C. Humphries, J. Jonshon, C. Jonson, - Irvine, C. Johnston, jß. Llyoyd, J. M. Mill, J. Maybank, D. Boonoy, J. RobynB, C. Sandropki, J. Sambrook, D. Stewart (2), P. W. Teesdale, and Miss S. White. .?b - THI trafiio earnings on the Eastern Railway for the month ended October 26th, were as follows:-Passengers and parcels £1636 10s. 10d., goods £1740 Os. 10d., total ¿63376 11s. 8d. The amount for the corresponding month in 1888 was £2,755 10s. 6d, which shows an inorease in favor of last October amonnting to £621 ls. 2d. The tonnage for the month was 3,906 tons 18i owes., as against 3,201 ons 1 owt. for the same month, last year. AK old pensioner, named Michael Keeshan, living ba Fremantle, was found dead in Man- tling's Paddock, on Wednesday m »rning. The deceased had been gathering blackboy, and he was found by his wife and son lying in the paddook, hts 'horse and cart being near. Br. dSope viBitedjjthe body and fonnd that 4ea>n%ad resulladTnrom apoplexy, probably ritâkwttà by tba excessive heat of tba pre TtóíáldMf. * Tbajáaoaated waa an old saldier, THE catering at the citizens' banquet on Fri- day evening week formed the subject of many complimentary remarks directed towards tbe caterer, Mr. W. W. Wiggett, the landlord of the Kensington Hotel. After it was ended, we understand that the Mayor of Perth oon gratulatad Mr. Wiggett upon the successful manner in which the catering had been per- formed, and informed him that it had been very highly approved of by His Excellency the Governor. A YOUNG man named William Caple, aged 18, while cleaning the shop of Mr. J. M. Ferres, butcher in High-street, Fremantle, fell from a ladder and caught on a large butcher's hook which hung from the wall. He was severely out on the abdomen and was attended by Dr. White, who had to stitoh the wound after replacing a portion of the young man's inside which was torn out. The young fellow although seriously ill, is doing re- markably well. IT may not be generally-known that not only is the present Governor of Western Australia a Mason, but Chief Justice Onslow is also a member of the "Most Ancient and Honorable Fraternity of Free and Accepted Masons. And not alone Mr. Onslow, but Chief Justice, Sir A. P. Burt, was likewise a brother, as of course, was Acting Chief Justice Leake. The lines of Masonic desoent therefore among Chief Justioos, as among Governors, have been unusually well preserved. AT the usual weekly meeting of the Eight Hours' Association, held in Perth on Monday evening, Mr. W. H. Neehvhds in the chair, a letter was read from the Eight Hours' De- monstration Seoretary of New South Wales expressing satisfaction at the stops which have been taken in this colony tc introduce the eight hours' system. The letter was written on behalf of 22 distinct labour organ- isations in New South Wales, and' it also contained promisee of support to the move- ment. THE following ñamen were added on Thursday to the daily list of persons for whom unclaimed letters are lying at the General Post Office t A. G. Ashworth, " Beta," Themas Cortienn, W. Douglass, Mrs. Br. ! Dowell, Dennis Doyle, Bridget Diamond, Samuel Ellis, E. Emmanuel (2), M. Fawcett, E. Fron, W. C. Knight, Thomas Jones,! Charles Johnson, A. Levinson (4), Miss Leigh, Mrs. McLean, H. Page, Thomas Bush, E. W. Smith, G. Slinger, E. Sendy, Thomas Saw, T. G. Town, F. N. Wreford, and Whitney. Ma. AND MKS. S. H. PARKES held a reception oa Tuesday afternoon at their, house ia St. George's Terrace, on the ere of the departure of the former, as one of the delegates sf the oolony, for England. A very great throng of visitors called during the afternoon, .the rooms being crowded from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m., testifying the great regard and esteem in which Mr. and Mrs. Parker are held. Mr. Parker leaves by the special train this even, ing for Albany en route for England per the B.M.S. Britannia. Miss Bose Parker accom- panies her father, and will remain probably for the next couple of years at Behool in England. THE appointments rendered necessary by the division of the Works and Ballway Depart mente, as recommended by the Legislature and approved of by the Governor, were gazet- ted on Thursday, and will take effect from the 1st of next, month. By these, Mr. C. T. Mason takes charge of the Railway Depart- ment, and Mr. G. T. Poole, of the Works, both these appointments being provisional. Mr. J. Hillman becomes Chief Clerk in the Bail way Department, and Mr. A. F. Thomp- son Chief Clerk and Accountant in the Works Department. Mr. W. J. Hanoook is appoint- ed Superintendent of Telegraphs and Tele- phones. IH the Supreme Court on Thursday, Nicholas Woodcock, fennd guilty the previous day, of administering a drug, with intent to commit a felony, was sentenced to eighteen months hard labour. W. J. Inkpen was discharged from custody, the Attorney-General having entered a nolle prosequi in regard to the charges of obtaining money under false pre- tences. William Connaughton pleaded guilty to a charge of common assault, and was sen- tenced to two months hard labour. Aaron Sharpe was convicted of' uttering a cheque for £2 12s. 6d., and was sentenced to two years hard labour. A full report will be I found in another column. A BEÜTAL exhibition took place almost under tho windows Of the WEST AUSTEALIAN offioe, on Tuesday evening. A jibbing horse, in front of the Freemason's Hotel, refused tb move, and the driver, after exhausting the use of the whip, especially across the poor brute's bead, deliberately walked into the hotel, and reappeared with a heavy blub. With this he attaoked the horse upon the head, and after' putting all hie force into 8ex£ral heavy blows, succeeded in felling the (mite to the ground. It is such aots as these that we look to the police magistrate to put a stop te. It is clear no ordinary punishment is required to put an end to snob shooting scenes. A SPECIAL meeting of the Fremantle Munici- pal Council was held on Tuesday evening, to consider an application from Cr. W. Farmer for five months leave of absence from the Counoil, on aooount of having to proceed unexpectedly to England on urgent business. , The Mayor repprted tlwt the ei-Mayor, the Town Clerk, ; biinself and ottww had ooonpiéd the' beÄ part ol the afternoon in endeavouring to find the clause in the Act referring to Councillors absenting themselves from tho Council, bnt they bad been unable to find it. After occupying some time in searching the Act, it was ulti- mately resolved to grant the request, on the supposition that the Council has the power. THE entertainment given at St. George's Hall on Wednesday by Anderson's Opera Comedy and Musical Combine, was not a success as regards attendance, owing, we suppose, to counter attractions. The pro- gramme was opened by a musical comedietta, entitled the "Rifle Volunteer, or a sharp shot," which, with the interspersion of songs, duets, and character dances, called forth a well deserved round of applause. After a short interval, Mr. G. Anderson recited the " Ghost scene " from " Hamlet " with much elocutionary power. The ballad by Miss Minnie Hinson was sufficiently appreciated to elicit an encore as was also Mr. G. Ander- son's comic song " Rather." All through, the audience showed the utmost appreciation. THE only observing station at which rain fell during the twenty-four hours preoeding 9 a.m. on Thursday-according to the official meteorological report- was Broome; where .03 was registered. The weather was cloudy at » Newoaatle, Northam, Y#rk, Bunbury, Vasse, Israelite Bay, fand Bridgetown; fine but cloudy at Broome, La Grange . Bay? , Bremer Bay, Euola, and Arthur ; squally . at Carnarvon ; overcast at Bannister, Williams, and Eyre ; gloomy at Albany ; threatening at Esperance Bay, and generally fine at all £ther observing stations. Thai maximum BÍnpe¿ature in shade daring" the same period wasas follows : ' Derby, 97 ; Cossack, 99; Ashburton, 92 ; Carnarvon; ,87 ; Geraldton, 81 ; York, 86 ; Perth, 130; Fremantle, "77 ; Bunbury, 88 ; Albany; 67 ; and Esperance Bay, 72. .. ' -u THB first appearance ot cue " Mohawk " Minstrel Troupe at ,the Fremantle Town Hall, on Wednesday night, was a eonspionous suooess, the hall being filled with a large and. appreciative audience. The first part of the; programme consisted of comic and sentimentalj songs, interspersed with local jokes, and .the' audience were kept in a continual state of ' amusement by the comicalities of the corner; men. The "Hen Convention," "MassaV .ant a Jellygram," "Mary's gone with a Coon," were excellently rendered, while the sentimental ditties,/"Little Blue Eyes,1' "Some day I'll wander," "White Winge," and "Little Sister's gene to Sleep,'' were loudly applauded* The finale, The Mulligan Guards," by four members in uniform, was a capital termination. There was another per- formance last evening, when a change of programme wac, made., "WE are desired,''Baye the Queenslander of Nov. 23rd, " by Mr. A. Bi Shelton, agent for1 , tfitf", Titan " and " Triplex " wire strainers, illustrated and described in bnr issue of 12th October, to correct the statement there made that the " Titan " can be used for silo stacks, stays, nets, Ao.; lor it is the " Trip- lex " that is so handy for this Bort of work, being left .permanently on the wires. The usefulness of the " Titan" .is as a mender, as it mends wire at point of breakage without going to straining poBt or any of the trouble connected with ordinary methods of repairing. As the position of the wire therefore is not altered, there ie no difficulty with knots geeing foul of the intermediate posts, whioh so often occurs when tb^ wire has to be drawn up to point of breakage to effect the splice." Perhaps the name and the paragraph are not unf anüliar'tö our readers. A WONDEBFOTI escape from á shocking acci- dent has ooonrred to a young man named Howard Evans, employed in the supervisor's office, Fremantle. It appears that.onThursday evening week, he was at the Welt in the yard of his father's house in Quarry-street, when some olotaing fell down it. He at once com- menced to descend into the well, when the rope on the windlass, slipped, and he was precipitated to the bottom, a distanoe of 40 feet. The affair ooonrred at 7 o'clock in the evening, when the other inmates of the house were at home, and an alarm was at once raised. ' Mr. H. Cornish and Mr. Hannam, who live in the vicinity, were informed of the accident, and they promptly went to the assistance of the unfortunate young man. A rope was lowered down, and Evans was brought to the surface, comparatively unin- jured, but subsequently it was found that inf ternally he had suffered some derangement, and next day he was confined to bed, suffer- . ing from injuries to his leg. IN our.report of the banquet to the Governor on Friday week, Mr. S. H. Parker's rexiark in proposing1 the health of the ladies coupled with the name of Lady Broome, were crowded out, and we publish them now. Mr. Parker said that in consequence of the absence of bis friend, Mr. Amherst, it devolved upoa him to propose the hut toast of the evening. He could not say that he regretted Mr. Amherst's absenos; for he felt great-pleasure in having this opportunity of proposing the health of the ladies, coupled with the name of Lady Broome, and were not His Excellency present, he should unhesitatingly call it the toast of the evening. During her sojourn in the colony, Lady Broome hod endeared herself to all classes of the community! Her genial and kindly manner as a hostess had added to the pleasures of the hospitalities of Government Hense, while the sympathy, she had always ; displayed for the sick and afflioted, her ben» evolenee ana charities, and her' especial kind* hess'to the /young, would long., be held in grateful memory. Governors might oonie In^MfßjAoüjäm tv. hn|>Äan,rha» frira, f org^ttén, Lady finóme** name would still be ' .(.?»>>. - ' ?<'?.'.. . remembered with respect and affection. (Cheers.) ON Friday week a large number of in- fluential gentlemen met at the Fremantle Clnb to wish bon voyage to Mr. G. S. C. Norman, late manager of the Fremantle, branch of the Bank of New Sonth Wales. Amongst those present were the President (Dr. Barnett), Mr. B. Fairbairn, E M., Mr. W ?E. Marmion, M.L.C.. Mr. W. S. Pearse, M.L.C., Capt. Scott, Capt. Smith, Mr. A. J. Diamond of Tolley & Co., Mr. J. D. Booker, National Bank, Mr. J. Percy, Union Bank, Dr. Hope, Mr. W. A. McDonald, of McDon- ald, Scales and Co., Mr. J. J. Broomhall, Mr. D.K.Congdon, M.L.C., Mr. E. Gibbons, Mr. B. Porter, and others. Dr. Barnett, in, a few felicitous remarks, proposed the health of Mr. Norman, characterising him as a thor- ough and genial man of business, who had, daring his sojourn id'Fremantle, gained the respect of the entire Community. He wished to Mr. Norman every happiness and pros- perity in his now sphere. Mr. W. E. Mar- mion abie spoke in eulogistic terms, and ooupled .with the toast the name of Mrs. Norman and family. The toast was given ^enthusiastically, and with musioal honours. Mr.. Norman feelingly returned thanks, and expressed his regret at having to leave the colony, where he had so many friends and bad .passed so many happy days.of his Ufe. The proceedings then terminated, and Mr. Nor- man was escorted to the s.s. /Llbany at . the jeUy, in which steamer he took his departure. .THE usual fortnightly meeting of the Fremsn» tie Branch of the H. A. C. B. Society was held, on Tuesday, the 10th. inst., the Presi- dent' being in the chair: 'The attendance was very fair. The Secretary stated that, acting upon instructions received, he"had, in com- pany with Mr. J. F. Whitely, waited upon the Attorney General re the registration' of tbs Branob under the Friendly Sooieties* Act, and that Mr. Warton promised to certify the Bules after a few verbal alterations bad been made in them. These alterations had since been made and two copies had been forward- ed to the Attorney General. He was pleased now, to be able to inform the members that their Branch was now registered under the Friendly Sooieties* Act of the oolony. This announcement was reoeived with acolama 'tion. The ' Seoretary then read. correspond- : ende from the Attorney General notifying that be bad eertified.the rules and bad for« warded the same to the Colonial Seoretary for the Governor's approval and from the Colonial Seoretary notifying- that Bus Excel- lency had approved tho rules and that one copy of «the same would be returned, the Other being «retained for referenoe. A vote of thanks w£s accorded Bro. Townsend (the Secretary), for the services rendered by bim in.(oonnecrion with the registration of the Branch. Bro. Townsend suitably acknow- ledged the compliment. It waa resolved to hold the next Aranon meeting on Monday the 23 rd inst., Tuesday the upual branch meeting night being Xmas Eve. " Som» business of minor importance was disposed of and the meeting then terminated. 1 IT is the intention of the members of the i M.B.V. Band to visit the other colonies in February, 1891, if possible, in order to take part in the band competition which is held annually under the auspices of the Metro- politan Fire Brigade bi Melbourn». The ! estimate of the expense connected with the trip being so heavy, it was felt it would be impossible to undertake the visit before the date> named, and ^meantime a commence* j ment has been made in the raising of the neoessary funds. The members themselves are subscribing weekly towards it, andas the. whole projeot has received the approval of Captain Sholl, an allowance is made from the earnings of the band. By the outgoing mail to England a quantity of goods will be in- dented for, aha upon then* arrival in February or March next, a bazaar will be held ia aid of th» funds. A second baaaar, upon a larger scale, towards the close of next year, is also in contemplation, and it is expected that by these and other means, a sufficient sum of money will be raised to defray the expenses of the journey. We understand that the affair has been taken np by all the members pf the band with the utmost en- thusiasm, notwithstanding that the date is such, a long way off, and they hope by the time it arrives, to have improved themselves so much by practice as to be able to take a' good position in the contest. Amongst most of the civilians to whom it has been men- ' tinned it has been very warmly reoeived, and one admirer of the bandanas contributed a guinea towards the fund. ' I 