IRoveHst The Midnight Prophecy ' ' OR THB \- HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. .. By Emma Garrison J ones. CHAPTER XLIX. LADY MABL HAfl Alt ASVENXUBK, Lady Neville was slightly indisposed, .Slid' the earl had gone to Lancaster in ragaril to business matters, he said ; but for no .other reason, as his sieter very well' knew but to visit the Lancostor Moor Asylum, and mako arrangements to \- carry out hia insane intentions ; which, no doubt, was the solo causo of her lady ship* indisposition ; for slio lockod her self : in her chamber, and spent tho forenoon paoing up and down liko an enraged tigress, wishing sincerely tbat she had the power to oonsign her brother to the tender mercies of a mad- liouBe, as she'had done his wife. Meanwhile the countess took a fancy , to drive . to .. the ruins of an old onstlo somewhere aniid the highlands, and near whioh wm a noted oavern, ? {3'o the pony-phaeton was brought out, and a baaket of sandwiohes, and two or three bottles of champagne packed under tfie seat, - and. Lady Marguerite and Sir .Bayard summoned to accompany her. /'Lady Marguerite was not at all averse t-H going j- and the baronet would have fcfllbwed anywhere in tho wake of the couatoBS ; her gold attraoted him as a jnaguefc attracts Bteel. The day was flno in tho forenoon, and their drive' was quite pleasant, and they found the old ruins grand and picturesquo beyond all 'description. The countesa, who'.was quite a traveller iu her way, was especially delighted. ' 'What a oharming old placo )' slio pried, as thoy Bat in a dim old ohapol, w^iretted coiling and stained windows, sipping their champagne ; ' aud since I come to remember it, you used to be an artist, Sir Bayard,' she added, turning upon the baronet ; 'how is it we soe none of your work now I' rThe- baronet' blushed liko a girl, and sfatrimered in'diro confusion. s ''Pahaw l' ejaculated tho countess ; ' what ore you. bluehing about ? I detest bMh'flil:men~; if you have a talent for anything 'tis nothing to be ashamed of.' ?Sir Bayard managed to get his voice, bpt- it, quavered dreadfully; Ho did— Wiel^ho UBed to skotoh a long while ago —when he was travelling — but — ' No buts about it,' said the do\va'or. . You're not bo: blevof that' you uoucT to jdrop your aooomplishments — I'd liko to .ihavo'a'Bketcli of those ruins — so do yon ipurehaae 'materials in Perth, and' we'll -'drive1 dve'r'.again in a few days, and you ^ shall make ;a; sketch for mo.' ?T)jW baronet bowed in silence, but hia facS looked like the faoe of a condemned cr)minal. : The countess stared in- amaio ment. ' What it the matter ?' she cried j 'one minute you're as -red as a rose, and tho next as white as a ghost. Are you ilhT ?: ' ' Sir Bayard was not quite well j he had beeu'troubled with dizziness for a day or two'.- 'He would walk about a littlo ; it ivould.Bpon .wear off. .Accordingly, ho strbll&tToff; 'in one direction, and I^ady Marguerite, ^ watching her opportunity, , disappeared, iu. another; the countess, remaining in tha chapel, to reBt horsolf und.finisk her.ohampagne. $ f ''ffowrthe poor : girl does detest him the mutaiurod ; ' and I don't ' wonder at it muoh. Bayard Brompton's a queer fellow some way— he's got a secret that troubles him'. I wondor wliat it ia ? But no matter,' sho added, turning baok to her..ohampagtio, 'he's ono of my own raoeVandsho shall marry, him — it may bo \- the meana. of reaving liim from disgrace andruin.' Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite mado her way .through tho mouldering walls of the \- old, castle,' and out of tho warm, summer ? air. Tho oloudB wore gathering in the west, but the sun atill 'shone, and tho . bre*te'waa sweet and frosh. She Btrolled down the - ruined avonue, beneath tho whispering fir branohbB, and out into tho greeb,' open park. Tho prospect around ? her .waslndesoribably. grand and beuuti j 'ul. 'On one hand towered tho bold, bleak valleys, and now and then tlio glittering gleam of somo mountain lake, andfar.balow flashod tho apirea of Perth \ anddiatant Dundoo. Thoro was a, fallen statue near at hand, ? - ? a modoru Apollo, half imbedded in tho rank grass, his lyre broken, and all his god-liK6 beauty ' falling to deoay. Lady Pearl seated horsolf upon this fallen god, and leaning 'her lovely brow on her hand, gazed': out 'upon - the glorious summer soones with Bad, Bad 6yes. So young, and yot so utterly miserable I Tho very sunlfght soemod to fall upon her bowed head, with its crown of Bilken gold in pitying tenderness. She itm- thinking of the baronet, tho ttianiwho w*i to ho her hiuband, wondor* fag why.il wm that his Mr/ preuncs in« spired her with Buoh disguat, and avorsion ? She could not boar to be'' ill tlio same room with him, and yot in tl/reo Bhort months sho would bo his wifo 1 ! ' I cannot,' she murmurod, the silent tuars falling over her cheeks. ' Suroly God will lot mo die aud escapo it. Poor papa, I would givo my life to pleusef and eomfort him, but I can novor bo/ that mnn'a wifo.' ; And then her fanoy, by a auddeii and capricious transition, rocalled auother faoe, n liandsomo, manly face, Jit by bright brown eyoa. Poor littlo i Pearl sighed, and a vivid rod flushed her.waxen oheeks. Sho was an earl's daughtor, yot she was quite as full of idle funoies, and Billy, girlish dreams, as the huuible9t p:asant girl upon her fathor'u doniains. Sho sat there in tho old park,' on the falUn statne of Apollo, dreaming in the 'bright Summer sunaliino, and, always ia her 'droaming thoso bright brown eyes wore preaeitS. Foolish, foolish little Pearl 1 - The sound of an approaching footstep startled lior, and she Bprang up, in haato to fly back and escape an interview with Sir Bayard ; but sho met face to face not Sir Bayard, but Captain Fossbrooke. He bowed with courtly graoo, that pleasant smile of hia making his brown oyea irresistible. Lady Margu'drite flushed like a rose in hor embarrassment. ' 'I beg you pardon, Lady 'Marguerite,' said tho captain, 'but you wero just what I needed to make my sketch perfect' —ho pointod towards hia portfolio and drawing materials, which lay a few foot distant — 'and my patron Baint sent you to Bit on tho fallon Apollo. Will you look at my sketch 1' ? Lady Marguerite followed hiin, nnd he laid boforo her, with pardotiablo pride, a maBterly skoteh of the hoary old ruins, and of tho green park, witli herself seated on the fallon marblo, and tho bold poaks, and tho rolling highlands in the distance. 'Why, what an artist j'ou are, Captain Fossbrooke,' sho said, simply. ' I never saw anything so porfeot. ; How it would delight the oountess.' ' 'Do you think so ? Then tho oountess must see it,' smiled the captain. Ho took up his portfolio, and thoy walkod on sido by aide, j ' I did not dream of Buoh a ploaBure as mooting your ladyship,'! ho said. ' When I oamo out to skotolr this morning I thought you wore at the Towers.' Lady Marguerite blushod vividly be neath his admiring glances. ' We oamo across over a wook ago,' she replied. ' Wo aro staying at Ravons wold, an old highland oountry-houso belonging to tho countess.' 'Ah, I understand I How long shall you remain?' 'Until tho lasf.of September, I think.' : / ' That's ploasant,' cried tho captain, I'm hero myself forjtho summer. I've abandoned tlie sword, for tho hot woather at least.' _ Thoy had reached tho ruins by this time, and as thoy lurnod into the grand voBtibule, olamboring over heaps of rubbiBli, thoy came upon Sir Bayard, wholly recovored from his dizziness, it appoared, aud coinipg'in search of Lady Marguorito. \ If a ghost, from one of tho mouldering tombs below the chapel, had confronted him, ho could not 'have looked more startled than ho did atfsight of tho' captain. He looked like a statue,. his face growing livid, his oyes wido aiti staring. 'How are you to-iday, Sir Bayard 1' said tho captain, oxtouUing liis hand with frank cordiality. ( Tho baronet gavo hiju tlio tips of liis fingers, a scowling frown contracting his brows. The noxt instant he oiFered his arm to Lady Marguerite, and led her away — tlie countess was awaiting hor he said. Nothing dashed by his evident dfjlike and ill-humor, tho captain followed i.iom into tho grand gloom of tho old phapol, where the counteas atill Bat. She looltod up in unutterable BurpriBo at his budden appearance. : ' Why, bless my aoul,' )Bho oxclaimed, regarding him over hor goggles, ' who iB it r Why, 'tis Fossbrooke — Captain Fossbrooko 1' Tho captain liowod profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly flattorod to know that her ladyship romombered him. Ho was making a sketoliing tour through the Highlands. ' Why, I thought you were a Boldior,' intdrruptod the dowagor, spitefully. ' S-o I am, and bogging yoiir ladyflhip'B pardon, an artist, too, in my way. Would you do my poorskotoh tho honor to look at it?' ''Do look at it, please,' whispered Marguorito, hor radiant faco all smiles and bluaheB, ' you will bb so pleased, I know 1' The artist drew tho skotoh from his portfolio, and laid it boforo her, and tho dowager condescended to .examine it. Her eyes bi'ightenod beneath her goc«los as Blie looked. ' Why, young man, 'sho cried at last, 'This thing iB worthy of a place .in 'my gallery at Mortliike 1 I never saw a fiuor landsoupo 1 Do you oare to soil it ?' ' It isn't finished yet,' replied Oiiptain Fosubrooko, flushing with gratification; ' it will mako a finer appearand' lay far when it is eompleto.' ' VVoll, complete it, then, and I'll givo you a good prico for it. What (do you want 1 Will threo hundrod pounds do ?' 'That would bo a very genorous remuneration,' replied tho captain1,' (l but if vour ladyBhip would acoopt — V i . But slio cut him short with a gesture. 'I novor aocept anything,'' ahdj said. I've money enough to pay for all I want. Mind, the picture's mine as soon as .it is done. 'W hy can't you do sometWng like that, Bromptoul' slio continued,' turning to tho baronet. 'What has bocumoof your talent?' Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap tain did. ' Oh, yea,' ho put in pleasantly, ' Sir Bayard does dabble in colourB, too.. 'I remomber now, my friend, Colonel Rich mond Brooke, used to Bpeak of Sir Bayao i as an artist I' : Tho baronot'B faco began to loco its color, and his oyes to wandor restlessly beneath tho captain's steady gaze, and he', stammered wretchedly in his attempts to-' reply. p' ' lf'd he'd Bpoken of him as a fool, he'd 1 havo been nearer tho truth, I think,''' muttored the dowager, under her breathy then aloud) ' Horo, Marguorito, give tho' captain a sandwich and a bottle of clituu pagno,' sho Baid, 'and then wo'll gather up, and get roady for starting.' Marguerite oboyed with blushing eager ness, and whilo the oaptain, 'sitting down, beiide the counteas, uncorked his chain- j pagu* and ate hU aaudwlch) talking all; («???' - ' ' : i $ ? i ? tho while with tiiat oauielcss case auil graco that oliuratiturisod all hia uiova luonto, the buron«t, utterly unable to control his blanching checks aod shaking knees, availod himself of the pretext of seeing that tho carriage was ready, aud made his cscaoo. ' With your ladyship's kind per mission,' ventured tho artist, aftor ho had placcd tho ladies in the carriage, standing in the noonday sunlight, his handsoino face and bright-brown oyes all aglow with life and gonial humour, ' I'll call at Itaveuswold in a day or two and bring the sketch 1' Aud tho countess nodded in her grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized herself the momont after when her sharp oyes caught sight of Marguerito's vivid blushes aud lingering glances as tho carriage rattlod away ' A pretty nieBS i'vo made of it,' she soliloquized, 'giving him an oxcuso to come — and the girl is head-over-hoela in ?lore with hia alroady.' Thoy drove a mile or two further down amid tho highlands to Beo tho cavern, which was a weird and wonderful sub terranean abodo, running for miles be neuth the base of a rocky cliff, roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic- likcexcresconcesthat gleamed and flashed in the light of thoir torches like precious stones. Tho countess and Marguorito wore carriod away with delight aud admiration, and lingered long aftor Sir Bayard warnod them that tho weathor had changed and tho day was far advancod. Thoro woro so many wonders to admiro, so many now sights at every step, that thoy lingorod in blissful foigot fulness. Tho voico of thoir coachman aroused tliom from thoir dream. 'I bog your ladyship's pardon,' ho said, addressing tlio. countess : ' but tliero bo every sign as warns ye when a Btorm's a browin', and I thought it beat to fasten the 'osses, and como down an' tell ye.' And at tho same moment, as if in con firmation of his words, a roll of thunder awoko a thousand reverberating oohoes around them. Marguorito grow palo with alarm, and tho oountess wont stump ing off towards the ontraneo at a furious rate. ' You villian 1' aho criod, with hor characteristic unreason, as another peal soemod to shako tho foundation of tho mouutain ; ' why didn't you come and tell mo bofore ? What made you wait till tho laBt moment 1' ' I bog your grace's pardon,' implored tho driver ; ' but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago.' ' Hush with your clatter, will you ? If I'm caught in tho storm it shall cost you your plaoe, that's all. Here, Brompton, don't stand there liko a gaping idiot. Can't you holp mo to got out ?' Sir Bayard flew to hor assistance, bow ing liko a mandarin, whilo Marguerite, glad to escape his nttentionB, accopted tho assistance of tho guido. The storm was certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gained tho outside world again. Tho west was ono great mass of boiling black, edged with brassy yellow whore the lutid Bun was going down; and tho tliundor bellowed in the great distance like the guns in a great battle. ' I think wo had better roturn to tho cavo till the storm iB over,' suggoBted tho barouot, as he survoyod tho ominous sky. ' You do?' snarled tho dowagor, as she hobbled on toward tho carriage ; ' then take shelter in it. If you want to bo buried in that pit o' fire and brimstone in a thunderstorm 'tis mora than I do. Here, Marguerite, bo quick, and now, sir — addressing tho driver— ' drive for your lifo ; if you don't get buck to the old castle before tho storm breaks I'll clip your ears.' Sir Bayard sprang to his Boat without another word, and tho coachman, mount ing hia box, lashed hia horses like a mad man. But tho highland roads woro rough and bad, and in tho gloom of tho waning afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish ono road from another. Tho poor fellow hud not driven half a mile bofore ho was utterly bewildered. But ho kopt on, the fiery animalB at their bost Bpeod, and growing wilder with the blaze of the lightning in thoir eyoB. ' Aro we in sight of the castlo ?' de manded tho countess, ahuddoring at every freBh peal. ' Not yet, your ladyBhip,' ropliod tho coachman, urging his steeds into a lonely lane, whioh ran through tho heart of a forest oi firs. Sir Bayard Jpeued tho carriage door and looked out, as the darkness began to close around them. ' Wo aro on the wrong road 1' ho criod out. 'Tho man has lost his way 1' Tho oountess uttered a cry of rage and exeoration, hut an awful Bhock, as if lioavon and earth wero coming' together, and at the same instant a blinding flash silenced her. Tho vory air was charged with aulphuroua gas, and tho afli'rightod horses, maddened beyond all control, shot off at a hi oik- neck paco. Tho baronet put out his head to call to tho drivor, and, to his utter conster nation, saw that tho box was empty. Tho drivor was gone. CHAPTER L. NEW FltlKNDS. On and on thoy went, the horseB mak ing great flying leaps, and dragging the carriage after them, over ruts aud rocks, aud prostrate trees, the thunder rattling overhead, tho bluziug lightning revealing tho sombre woods and distant mountain .peaks. Tho poor dowager, humble and quiet enough in poril und fear, crouched down upon tho floor of the carriage, and bury ing her faco in tho cushions, moanod and . prayed for holp. Marguerite sut erect, calm and quiot, showing no sign of what aho felt, save in tho deadly pallor of her faco. Sir Bayard had boon walohing for a ohauco to rein iu tho ruuaway horses, but finding that such an attempt would bo worao than madness, ho returned to his seat. By tho inoo'ssant glare of tho lightning , ho could soe that they were noaring a dionud mountain gorge, and the horses | woro, increasing rather than diminshing /their speed. Ho turned toward Lady Marguerite with an anxious faco. ? ' Lady M.irgnorite,' ho said, putting out his arm to support hor, ' try to, be calm ; wo aro noaring a dangerous de clivity; allow me to support you— tho ?hook will be terrible.' But even in that moment ot lupreme S v A dangor ulie turned from hiui, her face white and cold, her blue eyes glit tering. ' 1 do not need you, Sir Bayard,' she replied, haughtily, ' and the coun teas does.' llo had no time for remonstrance, for tho horsos went over with ono flying bound, and tho carriage followed with an awful crash ; and then tho countess uttered a thrilling cry, and, with tho sound in hor ears. Marguerite felt herself going down, down, thousands of fathoms deep, it seemed, aud thon all waB utter dark less. Lady Marguerite awoke to conscious ness lu the dim twilight of a pleasant little chamber, a sweet, fresh breezo blowing through the open window, and cooling her fevered cheeks, and a soft hand smoothing back her hair with Boothing, dainty touches. Her temples throbbed painfully, and she felt very weak and lanquid aftor her dreadful fright, and tho dainty touches woro so soothing that she closed her eyes again and lay for several moments iu half-unconscioua enjoyment. But curiosity begau to assert itsolf,and she openod them again ; and tliiB time bIio saw tho face of a youug girl bending over her — a raro and lovoly face, as fair' and puro as a poarl. She smiled involuntarily, and the pretty, roso lips abovo her Bmiled back iu rosponso. 'Papa,' called a voico, as swootastho noto of a thrush, ' bIio'b awako. Como in, pleaso?' And the noxt inBtant the pearl-fair face vanished, and a rough, boarded one looked down in its place. Lady Marguorito struggled up to a sitting posture, but tho offort mado her faint and dizzy. ' Where am I ?' sho askod, gazing about her with bowildored oyos. The young maiden with the pearl-fair face advanced to her side. 'You are at my aunt's, Mrs. Keith's — and this is Doctor Renfrew, who lives just below StrathBpoy Towers, and I am Maggie, his daughtor,' she said, sweetly. ' And yju had a protty rough shaking up last night,' put in tho old doctor ; 'bo lie down and keep quiet. Maggie will bring you aorno breakfast presently.' Tho tisrriblo dangers of tho paBt night oamo back with awful distinctness to Lady Marguerite's memory. ' And tho countess,' she asked, grow ing pale, ' what of hor?' 'Nothing, only she's half dead from tho fright, and aho's got a littlo twist in hor anklo — nothing seriouB,' replied the doctor. ' And tho gentleman, Sir Bayard Brompton ?' added, Maggie, considerate ly. 'Is bruised pretty badly,' finished tho doctor, us he walked away. Marguerite lay baok upon hor pil lows, with a sigh of rolief. Thoy had passed through the danger comparatively unhurt. Presently bIio aaked another ques tion. 'Who found us? How did we get horo?' ' Captain Fossbrooke found you,' the girl roplied. ' Ho saw you at the old caatlo, I think, and Booing that a storm was coining, hurried aftor you to bring you horo till it was ovor. But you had loft tho cavo when lie roachod it, and ho did not come up with you till aftor tho liorscB had run down tho gorgo. Ho found tho carriage smashed, and Sir Bayard standing in despair ovor tho countess and yourself, believing you to bo dead. But tho captain know bettor, bo ho got help and brought you liore. Aud now,' sho added, amiling brightly, ' you know everything, and you must lie quite still, till I run down to the kitchen and fetch your breakfast. Lady Marguerite obeyed, and in ten minutes she was back again, with a tempting mual on an old fashioned silver tray, and with it a small bunch of roses and English violets. ' Captain Fossbrooke sent these,' Bho Baid, as she put the flowers in Pearl's hauda, 'with his compliments, and he would liko to come in and inquire how you are, but papa won't lot him. Papa's awful cross about his patients.' Lady Marguorito did not answer ; sho averted her face to hide the burning flush that suflusod it. 'When did the captain como?' she asked, after a pause. ' Captain Fossbrooke ? Oh, ho boards liore, you know. Aunt Keith always takes hoarders in Summer, and tho cap tain's been hero a week or two. He's on a sketching towor, and draws beautifully. Como now, lot mo assist you to rise ; thore, tho pillow will support you ; and you can oat your breakfast nicely, whilo I run in and speak to tho coun tess.' 'Toll hor I'm vory glad she's not seriously injured,' stammorod Marguo rito; 'and — and — you may,' sho stam mered, li6r cheeks glowing liko peonies, ' you may say to Oaptain Fossbrooko that I am vory much obliged to him for the flowers.' ' Very well,' and away wont Muggio, trilling a little Highland melody. And Lady Marguorito trifled with hor tempting breakfast for a minute or two, and thou lay down, burying hor face amid hor pillows, with a sharp, aching pain at her heart. That afternoon tlio earl, who had re turned from Lancashire, drove ovor with Lady Neville and Judith, Lady Margue rite's maid ; and for the first time in half a score of years, he met with Doctor Renfrew. The old Scotchman stood stubbornly, his keen gray eyes looking straight bo foro liitn, as tho poor advanced, deter mined if thoro was any Balutatiou be tween them that he would not be the first to speak. Tlni earl did not hositate, howevor ;ho camS'up, with extended hand. 'How aro you, doctor?' ho said, a wan smile lighting his worn, white faco ; ' you and I parted a littlo at odds, if 1 roinombor rightly. Are you friendly enough to forgot and forgive ' I am friendly enough to forgive you,' replied the doctor, 'but forgetting is another thing — I can't do that, Lord Strathspey.' Tho uiirl winced, and hesitated an in stant befure In- spoke again. ' No, you can't forgot !' ho said, at' last, an unutterable despair iu his voico aud faee, and I won't ask it, but, dootor,' lie added, with a sudden passion, 'you were my best aud earliest' friend, and I don't like you to think me an unprincipled villain. Dootor, in all tho wide earth, there is no wretcU Bo utterly lost and ac cursed as 1 uui.' The old man put out his hand and clasped tho earl's iu a hearty grasp. 'My poor Augiih.' he said, 'Iknew it would con:e to tlui— and now it is too late.' ' Too late 1' cchoi d the carl, ' too late! ? She's dead — f atooil by her grave yester day I She lies in tho common Potter's Field on Lancashire Moor.' Thoro was a something inexpressibly thrilling in the nmu'B utter despair. Tho doctor drew his hands across his oyes. j 'And she loved you bo, Angus,' he said ; 'poor thing, I shall never forgot her last words 1 1 me — ' tell my husband that I love him and forgivo him — ' ' Don't 1' cried tho earl, putting bis hand to his heart, ' 1 cannot bear it 1 Great Heaven, doctor, remorse is a ter rible thing 1 1 wish I could die ! If it were not such a cowardly thing to do, I'd soon end all this.' ' You wiU do better to live, and clear your wife's ulandered namo ; you are not ready to closo your accounts yet.' 'True enough! But 1 cannot banish her faco one instant — Bleeping or waking, it is before my oyes ; her white, hopeless faco looking through tho bars of a mad house. I shall go mad myself soon ! But that was not my work, doctor.' ' What ? consigning your wifo to a mad-houso?' .' Yes !_ Sir Marshall Nevillo and hia wifo did it, and without my knowledge, while I was abroad. ' But you didn't try to undo it, while there was tiine,' Baid tho doctor, merci lessly. ' No, becauso I doubted her fidelity.' ' And what has changed your mind, Lord Strathspoy ?' The old man's wrath was rising again, but the earl did not resent it ; ho an swered meekly : ' I cannot tell — I do not believe the young man who bears my name is my Bon for ono thing.' ' It's a marvol to me that you did not find that out long 'ago,' returned the dootor. 'A mother's inBtincts are al ways true — the boy in tho Tyrol was yours, and your wifo know it ; but, womanlike, shelved you bo tenderly that aho kept all her hopos and fears to hor Belf, and triod to get at tho bottom of the mystery before ihe disturbed your mind.'1 ' There's where tho trouble began — if aho hud only trusted me at first, and had no secrets from mo— I thought tho child waB hers — born before our marriage.' Tho doctor uttered an exclamation of disguat. '.lust liko a jealous fool!' he ex claimed. ' Couldn't the child'B age de termine that?' ' I took no thought of it's oge,' re plied tho earl. ' No, you didn't,' stormed the old man, 'you just jumped at conclusions, to suit your jealous fancy — you should have gono to a mad-houae, not your poor wife, tho truest and fondoat wife in Eng land.' Tho oarl atood silent in the Bummer twilight, his face ghastly in tho gloom. 'Yes,' ho said, slowly, at last, his voice brokon and unnatural. 'I believe it all now, and I would givo my soul's eternal welfaro to recall tho past — but it ia too late, too lato 1' (7a it continued.') 