BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. There are 110 chrysanthemum societies in England. _ _ Great preparations tire being made for the Emperor of ChinaV marriage. . i .. Admiral Chawdl^ gf.th© United States navy, has d^gd at Hoflg Jtong. , The total quantity of (tea shipped from Foo Chow for the season 1888 89 is 19,230,7001b. Viscount Mori Armori, Japanese Minister, was assassinated at Nagaski by a religious fanatic. A fire at the Pekin Palace on 17th January lasted two days. The damage is estimated at 3,000,000 taels. Paster Chiniquy claims that he is not only not dead, but that he is " converting " soma of his old co-religionists. The Rev. Dr. HermanD Adler, chief rabbi of the Jewish Church in England, recently celebrated his 85th birthday. Monsieur du Rris de Vroylande, Governor of the province ot Antwery, died on December 31, and his remains were accorded a State funeral. H.M.S. gunboat Imperieuse, whilst price firing, seriously disabled her auxiliary armament, the locks of the breechloaders frequently blowing out. The new constitution which has been adopted in Japan is selected from the different constitutions of the world, combined with the old system in Japan. Howard Vincent is going to ask the House of Commons whether the freetrade party in New South Wales has been routed. He can't believe what he reads. The recent rumors to the efkct that the Pope has been having fainting spells are denied. He continues to hold his customary receptions and his health is good. Fogs are -decidedly good for the London gas companies.. R :cently the output reached the highest point ever recorded, namely, 105,046,000 cubic.feet, The young German Emperor's purchase of a 30,000dol. Pullman car for his private use ehows that he appreciates a good thing even if it does cjme from America. The presence of ladies at a smoking concert is a new departure. - Bat the experiment tried on Sunday, December 16, at the Lyric Club, London, was eminently successful. A merchant recently from Constantinople says that 83,000oz. of attar of roses were bottled in Turkey last summer. The greater part of this produce is shipped to France. Mary Anderson, the actress, is intensely and devoutly religious. She would rather spend the rosy hours of the morning at mass than in the enjoyment of the njoat delicious repose. Mr. and Mrs. James Olsen, with their three children, were drowned in the Missouri River at Bismarck, U.S., when the ice broke. The horse, waggon, and its occupants were all lost. The municipal debt of England averages £6 6°. per bead, but there,are towns where it is three times this -ampunt^^-in^JBict^iagbam ani Manchesterwhile in BracLfo&itr; is £22 16s. Among the 23 w,omeninspectors at the New York Custom- house <are isaid to be a niece of Tburlow Weed, and ia< lister of Roscoe Conkling— two of America's best-rememberedstatesmen . ... : Electric lighting by the^applicalion of storage batteries to pianos'iB now being -developed. The case of the instrument conceals the materials for anillumination lasting over, ten boUnT" "* r-r- A very curious plant is found in Manitoba along the Iied. River./ I.t is>a delicate, .pure white-staik, le»f,-and"bloom,"and ,is called the " Monotropa, Indian pipe, Ghost or Corpse plant." • • A general .suspension of work among the collieries in.Pennsylvania is threatened, owing to an effort of consumers to force down prices refusing to make contracts until prices were lowered. The household of theEmperor of China is to consist of 500 persons, including 30 Ianbearers, 30 umbrella-bearers, 30 physicians and surgeons, 75 astrologers, seven chief cooks, and 60 others. The exhibition held^lo -Glasgow last year has produced a profit of £47,000, being about £7000 moreen the net{irpfits of the highly successful Jubilee Exhibition held in Manchester in -1887." 1 : Flowers are shipped by the hundred thousand from the Scilly Island?. Narcissus is raiFeiin great quaptitips, and the farmers find is more profitable -than-potatoee or any other agricultural product. r . A medical consultation between physicians at Victoria (Vancouver) and Sir Andrew Clark in London with reference to the case of Lord Einismore recently took place by means of the Atlantic cable. At Russian rail way-stations, passengers find a " grievance-book," in which they may enter complaints. This record of wrong reaches the central office once a month, when the complaints are investigated. A fearful epidemic of diphtheria is reported from the town of Nago, in Hungary. Children have been dying at the rate of 20 a day. All the schools baye been closed, and there is a panic among the inhabitants, ;. Earl Kimberley (Sir JohniWodehouse, K G.) favors the proposal that in future all persons obs 0 the service of the Crown should have de-' - ducted from their salaries so tottCh as is necessary to fprm an annuity, fund. The Cfair,-for -the ' first time "for years, has transmuted a friendly Christmas greeting to tne rope. Tf, e personal relations between the Lzir and his Holiness are said to be warmer than they have ever been before» On 7th January, King Humbert, in receiving Lord Dufferin, said ««he regarded the appointment of such an illustrious personage as ambassador as a fresh proof on the part of Queen Victoria of friendship to Italy." The Australian wine trade is makiDg good progress in England. Last year the imports of wine from the colonies into London amounted to 237,000 gillons, as against 168,000 gallons in 1887, an increase of some 42 per cent. A Mexican paper has been forwarded to us (writes an exchange) but the only item of general interest we find :n it is that the price of a wife in Patagonia has advanced to two " goats," which are equal to about eight shillings. Ottp Kaiser, a married street-car conductor at Philadelphia, shot Anna Elans, a young girl who believed him single. He then returned to his home, cut his wife's throat, and ended his own life at the approach of the officers. One of the whims of the New York fashionables is before supper to have a lottery for partners at supper, two dollars a ticket. This seems like paying for food and wines in an indirect way; but the ultimate result is charity. At Aldershot recently Sir Evelyn Woodj speaking ot the " short service " system, saidt though expensive, its advantages by the insight young soldiers obtained into the requirements of foreign countries counterbalanced the cost. The Rjv. John M'Neill, Free Church Minister of Edinburgh, who has been Btyled the Scottish Spurgeon, has accepted a call from the congregation of Regent-square, London, for a church which was built for the famous Edward Irving. Great fears are entertained for the safety of the residents of Chefoo. The soldiers at the barracks mutinied, and at the forts one of the officers is reported to be killed. TLe outbreak arose through the officers deducting from the men's wages. As .the ferryboat was running between Milwall and Greenwich something went wrong with tbe-'paddle'-wheel, and-,on examination it was fpuod that the body of a man, which had evidently been in the water some time, was caught in the paddle-box. WilliaurKirkwood, the foreman of the Burnhead iQuarry at Airdale, fired-a-shot of blasting powder -to -dislodge -a jpck r and about-< four hours afterwards went to Gee the result. He was fpund dead qbout 30 yards from the entrance—killed by the after-damp. At; Denbigh, T. L. Hill, a gentleman farmer, was fharged with threatening to shoot C. E. Jones, an estate agent, who had levied a distress J for tithes. He pleaded guilty, and was bound over, himself in £100 and two sureties in £50 each, to keep the peace for six months. The London P&ilanthroptc; Society last winter issued tickets for 41,00$ half-hpndredweigjits of coal, 17,711 4lb. loaves, and 8290 21b. {loaves. The income amounted to upward? of £2250.. This society hopes to keep pace 1 with " tbe ever-increasing wants of a growing population of poor." ^ „ ,., . Aq American,journal giveq, the following figures, approximately, as the national debts of the principal countries of the world :— France, £1^250,000,000; Russia, £720,000,000; England, £712,000,000 ; Austro-Hungary, i497,000,000; Italy, £445,000,000; Spain, £241,500,000; Prussia, £200,000,000. The American [census of 1890, preparations for which are already .in progress, according to estimates made, promises to show a population bf oyer 70,000,000 in the United States. The population of 1880, as the census of that year showed, was 50,155,783, of whom 43,475,840 were native and 6,679,943 foreign b,orn. It is announced that the milithry authorities have granted an extra pension to John West, an old veteran soldier residing at Pontypool (Monmouth), who has just attained his 100th year. West is a survivor of the battle ol Oorunns, .and was on the field .at Waterloo. He Still retains all his faculties, and is enabled to walk out on.two staffs. The most splendid- tomb'in .England is hhdoubtediy that of the. Duke of Hamilton, in the grounds ot the Hamilton palace. It cost £180,000. It is a model of the Castle of San Angelo at Rome. The gates are a copy of the Ghiberti gates at Florence, and thecoffin of the Duke is inclosed in an Egyptian eartjophagus of black marble which was brought from Alexandria. At a recent wedding in a sqburban church the bridegroom dropped tbe ring, which roiled away among tbe pews, and it took the best manfully 15 minutes to recover.it.- Alter tbe cerejnony, when the pair were, about taking the train, the rin& was again lost, and stayed iost for several hours. The.bridetelegraphed to her friends, when she found it in the folds of her travelling dress; but the incidents were regarded with misgivings. The Grand Duke Nicholas Nicoloievitch, the hncle of the Czar, and Inspector-General of the Russian Army, who has been lately engaged in a series of garrison inspections, has severely censured the cavalry regiments of the line, the Cossacks, and the Guards. The officers ate inveighed against for their lack ot tactical knowledge, the scouting service and skirmishing, are described as miserably inefficient, and the horses are said to be very baldly trained. Here is oneoftfyelatept stories of the great Von. Billow. He was Walking one day in Berlin When hfc iftet a ttidn ifrith whom he had formerly been on soniewhdt intimate terms but whose acquaintance he .wps^dedirotis of dropping. The quondam friend at .onfie accosted him. :f'.Hpw. do -you do ( -Von Biilow ? delighted to see you ! Now I'll bet that you don't remember mv name!" " You've won that bet," replied Von Biilow, and turning on his heal he walked off in the opposite directiollt The facts about the BlenheitS ordhids are as follows ;—The Duke ha? about 40,000 plants of one sort and another, but he manages his houses on business principle, and whenever a rare flower turns up among the imported specimens he sells it. He never gives 50 guineas, or anything like that sum, for a plant, but he sold one the other day for 190 guineas to Mr. Sanders, the famous dealer. It need hardly be said that the value of the collection is a trift<3 under two millions-^tbe preposterous estimate put upon it by some addlepated scribblers. A serious outbreak has taken place atChing King. -The Chinese tore -down • the police station, and fired with kerosene several other houses. The chapel of the United States consulate was looted, god the consular - party escaped with difficulty. A body of 400 soldiers quelled the rio*. Besides tbe damage reported above, a terrace of three bouses, the residences of the British consul, the Revs. Humese and Bayont, and the Baptist chapel, were burnt. The Methodist chapel and the Customs building were' partly burned and looted. The sum of £49,000 has been collected for tbe famine sufferers in China. The Russian Courier (the Vienna correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, saye) got hold of a " most important piece of diplomatic information." It is to the effect that General Schweinitz, the German. Ambassador.at'St. Petersburg, haB for the-last three months been conducting negotiations in view of a new alliance, which is to include Germany, Austria, Russia, and Turkey. The olject of the new pact is, ot course, the maintenance of peace and the pacific settlement of the Eastern Question. The combination is, however, it is added, so distasteful to England that Lord Dufferin is now negotiating a separate alliance with Italy. Considerable excitement was caused at Huddersfield on January 24 % the news that William Bates, the cricketer, ofLascelles Hall, had attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat. BateB, who is known as one of the most brilliant cricketers .of. recent .yea^s, .was a prominent member of the Xorkshireiefim jup to last season, when iie was unable,to. continue with the county in const quenceof in accident which happened to him while,on one. of his Australian tours.. JJ$tes,haa neyer been .the same man sincirthls a""ccid?nt. "^Some months ago he opened a cricket and athletic repository lu.Huddersfield, and has carried on the businesB up to the1 present .tiJfif^. . Count J^enomar, the Spanish- Ambassador at Berlin; "whose deparuuri 'from-that capital was recorded recently, is a personage of the Middle Ages. He considered himself to be the servant of,the .Queen-Regent, and as in no way concerned with the Cabinet, regarding the Ministers as merely Her Majesty's clerks. He was re-called .by the Foieign Minister nearly two months ago, but he utterly ignored the mandate, and continued to transact the business of his Embassy as if nothing bad happened, declaring that he should consider himself the Spanish Ambassador untill he was recalled, by. a jetter in tbe Queen^Jtegent's own hand, and be did not take any steps to quit Berlin until his condition had been complied -with. The Oxford School Board seems to have discovered a gross malpractice, which ought to be brought home to those teachers who are guilty of it. It is said that more than 20 of these have been in the habit of dismissing their dull scholars on the eve of the yearly examination, so as to increase the percentage of " passes.'' This is, of course, nothing less than swindling, since it secures grants which are not earned, without decreasing the number of attendances,.. The refusal of the Oxford Board to make public the names of the offending masters was a gross injustice to those who b were more honest; but sb " My Lords " have written to the B >ard demanding the information, it is to be hoped that this swindling of an innocent department will be properly dealt with.. , • 1- ..- .;.• In France 70 per cent, of the new-^om.die from diphtheria. It will be glad, tidings of great joy to mothers to know that two assistants in the Pasteur Institute have discovered the microbe which causes that terrible malady, nnd;by;the.;" culture " process ; have been able to produce croup atii! diphtheria in guinea pigs, pigeons, and rabbit", and controlling tbe development of the disease. Furthermore, ' they havfl succeeded, for the first time in the history: of Ibacijli : discoveries,, to isolate even the .poisonous or contagious principle of the death-dealing microbe itself. Perhaps in time, .scientists may be able to discover what Miss Francis Cobbe asserts exists, the microbe impelling to murder, theft, and adultery. When we can vaccinate against violations of the Decalogne, the reign of the Millennium must be nigh.j M. ChabrouiJlaqd,.who is op Jhe staff of.a Radical newspaper at Limoges, fought a duel a short time ago with M, Corudet, deputy for the Department of the Creuse, and was worsted in the encounter. The quarrel had arisen out o! some uncomplimentary remarks which the combatants bad passed on each other, in their respective political organs. But, not content with the result of this appeal to arms, the deputy and the journalist speedily resumed their attacks on each other with so much warmth that M. Chabrouillaud came tip to Paris for the express purpose of once mdW measuring swords with his enemy. The second aUct took place in the Wood of Clamart, •»nd was a sharp engagement. In the third pass M. Chabrouillaud was wounded in the breast, but he insisted on continuing the fight. Unluckily in the next pass be was so badly hurt in the neck that be nearly fainted from loss of blood, so the duel had perforce to be brought to a termination. M. Alphand, director of the works for the Exhibition of 1889, has transmitted to M. Legrand, Minister of Commerce, his report for rbe past year, He recalls the tact that 20,000,000f. were allowed for the erection of the buildings connected with the exhibition. This amount was divided as follows :—Palace of Fine Arts and the Liberal Arts, 6,372,484f. ; the machinerv palace, 7,233.384?, ,* galleries for otjects of various kinds, 5,786,400'.gene- ral levelling and draining, 525,847f. J the balance being held as a special reserve. M. Alphand refers to the progress made with the Eiffel Tower, which will be completed at the end of March. Two staircases lead to first platform of the tower, and four ascend from the first to the second. The ascent will be made, however, by lifts, taking np from 50 to 100'persons. In this way 2400 visitors per hour may be taken to the first platform. Two other lilts will ascend from the ground floor to the second platform—112 metres—in a minute. They will stop at the first platform to take up or leave passengers. The complete ascent will take four minutes, and it will be possible to take to the top 750 visitors an hour. A terrible discovery has been made close to Bordeaux. On January 21 a rural postman was going his postman, when he saw the lege and lower half of the body of a woman projecting from the water of a ditch. The head and burst were sticking in the mnd at the bottom.. The police ^mmiemry wb immediately summoned, and it was found that a woman of about 25, years, had.been murdered. The clothes of the unfortunate creature were elegant and almost new, and the hands were still ?vearing a pair of fine, black gloves. Clenched in the fingers of, the right hand waa a quantity of human hair, almost certainly that ojt the murderer. The head was pierced by two bullets just above the right ear. A pool of blood was discovered not far from the ditch into which the body of the murdered woman had been thrown head foremost. A half-burnt silk neckerchief and a small woollen shawl, saturated with blood, were also picked up close by. The body also bore evidence of an attempt having been - made to burn it, at least partially, with - theprobable, object of making it unrecognisable. No clUe bas yet been :found either to the murderer or to the identity of the victim. Naturally it occurred to Prince Bismarck that, as Germany ia open to an attack from France or Russia, either separately or united, it might be well to induce Austria and Italy to enter into an offensive and defensive alliance with him. The Prince was desirous that jGreat Britain should join tbe alliance. Lord Salisbury- ,probably ffouid have joined it Iliad he not been aware that his doing so would have been an act of political suicide. On this, Prince Bismarck .urged Lord Salisbury to aid him in gaining over the Italians to the alliance, by ^assuring them tbat, in the event of war,, we/would ,DOt allow France Ap use her navy against "them. The assurance was given in some underhand way, but Lord Salisbury,, when -challenged in the House of , Commons,' 'backed «qt of his- assurances. Hence the aDger of Prince Bismarck. In a desperate attempt to assuage it, Lord Salisbury has consented to send our navy to aid Germany in guarding the coast of Eastern A'rica, whilst Germans destroy tbe property of British subjects in that part of the world. It would seem, however, that this is not deemed by Prince Bismarck to be a sufficient condonation for our retueal to join his so- called League of Peace. There are many singular features in theFrecch Code (»aye a London paper), one of which-has een rather curiously illustrated.. A abort tihfie,. back a firm of money-changers in the Rue Coquilli6re, Paris, were the victims of a heavy robbery, the property stolen consisting, of foreign securities. JThe.authors'of the robbery" J were believed to be Englishmen. The French law, however, as.it stands, does. not provide fop the extradition of a person who bas purloined foreign stock*, extradition covering merely robberies of French Four-and-a-Half and Three per Cents; Consequently, as the thieves in the case .we refer to had managed .to escape to England .with ,their bpo^y.^bey wfefe able safely to open negotiations with the firm of money-changers for a- sale of the etolen securities, seeing they were of a class that do not come uuder the provisions of,the extradi-. tion laws. The transaction was 1 fleeted through a London firm of solicitors, the arrangement come to being that the securities would be restored on payment by the victims of a commission of 25 per cent, on the whole sum missing. There was, it seems, no alternative for the money-changers but to accept this proposal; for although the securities were not negotiable, and the requisite steps had been taken to escure their renewal, it would not have been until the expiration of 10 years that the renewal could have been completed. 