THE JACKDAW OF RHEIMS. "Tune miJer Coart adco coanrelenti' saimur iompunctus feult, et cretio cure tantolhre x carnoacvit, at ceindo tabuoero inclacrt,e maeicm cotreret, omnem c cla o axprsoaretr nee apliia crocltret: laptna. |rotrca dt dafluctnat, ct ala peadulis ofmens ,facelts interea?st, ot tau macs appanit ut o ariues l ej m nicrcdo,'cht" "Tne abah macerdo:lms h maondtai ut Nru.a or---, lenlclrrac: quo facto, Cocusn. ommbual ,i antiboelap r dlm coc, nt O ;rwtiam xani tatane pact aritt 0, .Ilcec. cI(or ttioa. Tai Jackdaw eat on the Cardinal's chair Bishop and abbot, and prior were thero; Many a monk, and many a friar, Many a knight, and many aequire, With a great maoy more of seaore degree In Booth a goodly company ; And they served the Lord Primate on boaded knee. Mevcr, I ween, "Was a prouder eo, Read of in books, or dreamt of in dreams, Than the Cardinal Lord Archbtahoap of ltheims r In and out Through the motley rout, That little Jackdaw kept hopping about ; Her r and there Like a dog in a fair, Over comfits and eat r, And lldhes and plates, Cowl and cope, and roache and pall, Mitre and crosier he hopp'd upon all! Witha a aucy air, iHe ptrkhd on the netir Whetr, in slate, tle great Lord Cardinal cat In the great Lod Cardiual'a gbrea red hat; Ande hLe p r'd int face OfLi Lardship's Grace, With a btisfied look, as if he woruld say, " We two are the greatest folks here to-day " And the pritsle, with awe, Ac such freons they naw, Said, " The Davil must be it that little Jack aw I" The feast wam over, the hoard was dear'd, The f wSne and the custards lad all dinp Adera'd, e:ed tfx little Singing-boys--dear little soula In nice clean facer, and nine white stoles, Came, in order due, Two by two, Marching that grand rafectory through l " A nice e little hiy held a tolden ewer, EFromas'd and fill'd with rwater, as pure An any that float botween RieJims and amur, Which a nice little bhy stood ready to catch In a fine golden hand-basin made to mach. Tao nice little boys, rather mare grown, Carried lavender-water, and tau do Colognel And a nice little bay had a nice cake rf soap, Worthy of eashing the hands of the Pope. One little boy more A napkin bors Of the best white diaper, fringed with pink, And a Cardinal's Hat mark'd in " permanent inkl." The great Lord Cardinal turns at the sight Of there nice little boys dross'd all in olite: From his finger lie drats Ilia costly tar quoine ; And, not tnkinng at all about little Jackdawr, Dfeposls it straight Bey the tide of hic prate, Whilo the nice little boys on his Eminence wait ; Till wohen nobody's drrcrmiog of any such thing, That little Jackdaw hops off with the ring I There's a ory and a shout, And a deuce of a rout, And nolody serml to know what they're about, fut the monks kane their pockets all turn'd inoide out; The friars are knocliug, And hunting, and feeling The carpet, the floor, and the wailsk and the ceiling. The Cardinal drew O casch plum-colour'd And left his red alockinge enpcsed to the view ; He peeps, and he felt In the toes and the heels ; They turn up the dishes-thry turn up the plates They lake up the poker and poke out the grates, -Tley turn up the rage, They examine the megs a: But no--no suchO tinog;- They can't fiand Tr IIIn I And the Abbok declta cd that, " hen nobody taigg'd it, Soame t~tdl or ther had popp'd in, and I rigg'd it !" The Cardinal rose with a dignified look, tie call'd for his candle, Lic ll, and hise ook I In holy anger, and pious grief, lie solemuly cured thalt rraenlly thlefl lie curocd him at hoard, he cursed him in bTll ; From the ole of thic foot to the cMown of hid l:e.d; lie curced him in s!eeping, that every night lie ouMeld dream of the devil, cnd wake in a flight ; He crsed him in eating, he cursed him in dlonking, He mcured him in coughing, in snerelng, in winking ; He cursed him in sitting, in etandiog, in lying ; ie cursed him in walking, in riding, in fly ting, He cursed him in living, he cursed him dying !- Neaer wae heard each a terribl curse ! But what prgave rise Tono little urprise, Nobody eem'd one penny the wtrau ! The day was gone, Thie nigt came on, The Monks and the Friers they searched till dawn - When the Sacristan sanew, On crumpled claw, Come limping a poor little lame Jaekdaw I No longer gay, As on yesterday; Hi, feathers all seem'd to hbe turned the wrong way ; Ilrs pin'ons droop'd-he could hardlystand, Hlis head was as bald as the palm of your hand; His eye aso dim, So wasted enehimb, That, heedless of grammar, they all cried, "Tc ITSo III1I! - That's the scamp that has done this scandalou thig !l That's the thief that has got my Luord Cardi nal's ling !" The poor litle Jackdaw, When the monks ],e ear, Feeblygane ventto the ghost of a caw ; And turn'dhis bald head, as mueh as to say : " Pray, hbe so good as to walk this w?y I " Slowerrend slower Ie limp'd on before, Till they came to tilre hack of the belfry door, Where the firet thing they saw, Mlidst the sticks and the straw, Wmas the ncoi in the nest of that little Jack dawn Then the great Lord Cardinal eau'd foar hia hack, - And off that terrible curse he took The mute txpreesion Served in lieon of monfesion, And, beingo thus coupled with full restittiton, The Jackdaw got lenuaty absolution I -Whan those words were-hmerd That poor little bird Won. o changed in a momeot, 'teems orally I:haurd, lie grew sleek, and fat ; In additrie to that, Afreshcrop of fethert came thick as atmat ! Iais tall waggled mere, Even than befo? ; Sot no longer itwaegged ith en impudentnir, M0 longer he pereh'd on the Cardinal's chair, He hopp'd now ahuton Withagtit denout ; At Matiner, at Vespare, he never oas out n And, so far from any more pilferion deeds, lie alw.,y's seem'd telling the Confe-eor's beads. If any one lied-or if any one aworo Or slumber'd in praytn- timo and happen'd to snore, That good Jackdawn Wanuld give a great "Caw!" As much as to o y, "Don't do no any more!" While many reomak'd, as his manners they Tht y eer haknownsuhapio That thley "nerer. ho known sucl a pious Jatkdaw;" oe long lived the pride Of1 that eouatry side, And at lakt in the odour of enetity died ; When, as words were too faint, It s inerits to paint, The Coeclano determined to make him aSaint ; And on newly-made Soaitn and Popes, a you know, It's the custom, at Rome, new names to Lestow, So they eanonized him by the name of Jem Crow! " 