mr BOOKS. " THAT FBEIICHHAN," by A. C. Gunter. London, Geo. Routledge v South. Fremantle, B. Myerscough : In these days, when fiction with a serious purpose abounds, when novels are the vehicle by which topics as ponderous as theology and metaphysics are conveyed to the thronging crowd of general readers, it is a relief to occasionally come across a writer who holds no such ambitious pretensions; who desires simply to tell a story and tell it well ; who shuns minute analysis,' and looks rather for success on an unceasing succession of of vents and a plot which draws the reader deeper and deeper into its meshes, and makes his world for the time being the book on which will eager eyes are fixed, t For those perhaps slightly' jaded novel readers who want a story of this sort we can confidently recommend "That Frenchman." It is no mere figure of speech to say that anyone who finishes the first chapter will need considerable strength of mind to tear himself away before be reaches the last. The" story is" of the glorified detective type, the hero, "That Frenchman " being one of those Admirable Crichton's of the detective force to whom every aocoiBBlisbment comes naturally, and, for whom the word impossible can scarcely be said to exist. His personal appearance is remarkable. To quote the author's words, he set " A brawny Hercules,, concealed in the graceful outlines and quick moving limbs of a Mercury, or he is perhaps better described as a physical combination of the two." His eyes are " beaming and blue " and he has " an Anglo-Saxon forehead, the late " of a philosopher, and the jaw of a warrior." This is of < course active license, and is necessary in order to throw an air of possibility over the feats which our hero performs. The plot though simple in conception, is worked out with great skill in the details. Books I and H are occupied with the- unravelling and defeat of a conspiracy for the assassination of the French Prince Ii'iperiil, in 'Which ample scope is given for a display of the highest detective genius. In the third book the scene is changed to Kuranda during the Nihilist reign of terror which preceded the assassination of the late Emperor, and here ""that Frenchman" encounters tremendous perils in rescuing his lady-love from the dangers in which she has been placed by the machinations of her guardian and a hateâ tator, each of whom covers the vast possessions which she has inherited from her father. For those who want a book that will interest them, and are not particular about instruction '. That Frenchman',' may be unhesitatingly recommended; it is readable from bejfinui.'ijj.to end, ; ., > - .. " ROBBERY UNDER ARMS-" by Rolf Boldre wood, London, Macmillan an Co : This story, one of the deservedly popular Colonial Library series, is an exciting and well-drawn tale of bush life in Australia not seen under its best aspects forthosupposititious writer is j Dick Marston, who, with his brother Jim, His father, a decayed gentleman known only by the sobriquet of Starlight, Warrigal a half caste, and several minor characters, composed a, noted band of bushrangers who have eluded the vigilance of the police for years. the fate of those rebels against society is, however, the sam^e-a^thatofiali their tribe, and at last they are captured,' of at least all that remains of the band, the greater part having been killed in. a desperate struggle with the police. fjDick Marston writes the history of his life in the prison cell, where he is awaiting his final doom, for he has been sentenced to be hanged, his offer being a robbery with violence. The book is one continual regret for what might have been, and throughout its hero's narrative we are continually reminded that " By the dark shape of what he 23, serene Stands the bright ghost of what he might have been There the vast loss, and there the worthless gain Vice scorned yet wood, and virtue loved in vain." ? ' 7 Neither he nor his brother over cared for the wild life they led, but their father, villainously-determined old man, who had been transported for stealing a bare, led his boys into their first offence by causing them to brand some stolen cattle. Afterwards the road to-vice and to the ruin, beyond was easy enough. - They knew if -< they were caught they, would be imprisoned, and having a natural horror of restraint, they had themselves in a valley known as "Terrible Hollow," to which the road of access was known only to Starlight and his gang. This is the only improbable part of the tale, that this hollow, several miles in extent, with beautiful grass and water, and where thousands of stolen cattle and horses were kept, should never have been found by the police. But so far as the story itself is less: cerned, it adds greatly to its interest that the gang should have fair safe retreat when pursued by their natural enemies, the police. None of the principal characters, except perhaps " bad " as the writer calls his father, wore really bad men ; they were gentlemanly brigands, and marked with that magnanimity and generosity which tradition has assigned to Robin Hood and his merrie men beneath the shades of Sherwood Forest. Three of Starlight's satellites, Moran, Daly, and Burke, were however, hardened ruffians and no work was too wicked and cruel for them, and several times Starlight Dick and Jim Marston are forced to save travellers from the more cruel members of the gang. Boinbow, Starlight's steed, is a noble animal, faithful, beautiful and intelligent; a thorough bread, and originally a racer. One of the most exciting and withal amusing scenes is when he. runs in the Turon Handicap, and his master, with £5000 reward on his head, dines, with the Commissioner of Police, who would have given anything in the world to have caught the bushranger, but who is charmed with him as he sits disguised as a gentleman at his table. The book is written in an original and thrillingly interesting manner, and being from the pen of an Australian author we are spared those ludi- crous mistakes which English writers so frequently fall into when describing things An- tipodean. 