An Indian Ghost Story. Hflre is a uenuino Indian j^host story, told by a writer cm the 'Bypaths of Indian Lifo,' in the columns of Times of India : — Sahob Den Dhobey ?was a prison official ol! proved courage and maguificout physique, who ?was broueht from Jossore to Alinore to tako the pluce ot' hoad warder. It was his duty to visit the patrols between the surrounding walls evory night between the hours of 12 and 2. On one occasion, aftor he hud boon only a few days in the gaol, he set out on his rounds as usual, but some timo aftor 2 a.m. it was found that he had not returned. Time wore on, and at last mere wondering why ho was so late gave place to anxiety, and a smirch party was organised. They carried torches, and at last camo upon the insonsible form of Saheb J)9n Dhobey. Ho was lying prostrate on the ground close to the hospital gute, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man man was carried to the ollicial's quarters, and there, after a time, by tho application of water and other rostorativsH he was brought round. Tho following was tho tale ho had to tell :— Ho had boon going his rounds nnd had stooped to adjust ono of his shoos, when ho folt some ono spring upon him from bohinrland commence belaliourinsr him between thn shonldoi's. Tho concussion forced him on to his hands and knoes, and ho first thought it was a prisoner trying to escope. Not vory much alnrniHtl, for ho had confidence in his grout phytsiuiul prowess, ho tried to grasp his assailant by putting onu arm behind his buck : but ho noulilfuol nothing ; yet tho blows oontiured to mitt down mum him, and ho i'olt himself prossod down to tiio mirth by a great woight. At last n voice uddrossed him, ' You ilii.ro come heru, do you, to dGfilo by your presence tho territories of Govind Brah inin.' And with that Hio man felt himself lifted bodily up. aud thon dashed fuco forwards on to tho ground. Ho roinemborcd uo more till ho awoko to consciousness in tho guardroom. When. Shnob JJou Dhobey had finished this strungo story, tho agcil houd wurdar, who was about to rotiro cumo lip aud put the question, ' What is this thut is boing t-uid about Goviud Brahmin ': ' This led to exDlauutii'US, nnd tho old warder told how a noted budmauh of thut name, who had committed several eold-blooded murders, had been bunged in Aliporo gaol '20 years bofore, ' But, ' pointed out one of tho auditors, ' Saheb Don Dhobey was attacked a good distanco from tho gallows. Wo found him closo to the hospital gute.' ' Ah ! ' replied tho old rnuu improasively, ' tho scaffold in thoso days stood ou the vory spot whore you found tho proatrato body of Saheb Den Dhobey.' The latter listened with blanchod face to this tale ; fchon he thi'ew himself back ou the couch on which he lay. ' JV[y hour has come, :l ho *aid. 'It must have been the spirit of Govind ]5ir1i min that attacked and bout ino. My huurl in broken. Tt ia certain 1 must dio ;\ and ho died in two days' time. 