BfiOADBBlM'S JS'EWIOHE. LETTER. When William Allen Thorndyke Rice, the editor and proprietor of tha North Atnerican Review and our lately appointed minister to Bnssia, who died before ho could reach the post, made bis memorable stand against Mike Cregan and faiB gang in the tenth congres-. sioasl district, the man who stood foremost in his fight against the desperate and »ereenary crew of Robert Ray Hamilton, Mr. Rice's life-long friend. There was a common bond betsveeo these two men that held their friend ship with hooks of steel. . Both were on the threshold of life; both had enjoyed all the advantages that money and position eonld bestow; both represented onr oldest and bluest blood. Mr. Rica on both sides claimed distinguished revolutionary lineage, and Mr. Hamilton was the great grandson of the first Secretary of the Treasury under Washington. Eight successive rears had Mr. Hamilton re presented the most aristocratic district ia the city in tbe legislature of New York, and from his rich relationship and his own ?mple for tune be might have claimed the daughter of any of the wealthiest families in the land with a fair prospect of success. Of commanding presence, handsome features, gentle and courtly raanuers, denoting the highest breed ing, be is a m:m whom any woman might feel proud to call husband. He has travelled much abroad and all the capitals of the old world are familiar to him, and the question was frequently asked among his most intimate friends, why Kobert Ray Hamilton, verging towards forty, still remained a bachelor P Not even bis dear friend Allen Tborridyke Bice suspected bis dual life, or he would have spurned him from his path as he would s snake, for Mr. Bice was tbe soul of parity and honor. It is hardly conceivable that soch a man, young, talented, rich, educated, in looking for a wife could have sought her among the lowest and vilest class: a woman whose notorious life is now laid bare, and more wonderful still, now that he has full knowledge of her former shameful life aud present infamy, he dings to the wouM-be murderess with a mad infatuation that can only be accounted for on the ground of insanity. And this it is'that has been the talk c£ the town all the week, ever since his wife- attempted, to- murder her nursemaid at Long Reach! It is not a pleasant thing to contemplate a brilliant life blasted and ruined beyond all possible recall. Mr. Hamilton has been for many years a member of our most aristocratic clubs; henceforth their doors- are closed against him, and his resignation will be promptly accepted. To be a nember of the Union Club is like having the goldsmith's | stamp upon your family plate, and for many years past na man in the Union Club was more honored that Robert Ray Hamilton. [ From that day he will be banished, and be I sides the doors of hundreds of families that were once open to him and are now shut for 1 ever ; henceforth lie is socially and morally [ dead. No person not situated as Mr. Hamil ton is can imagine the tremendous nature of his punishment. No matter how long he lives or where he goes he will be pointed out as the man who sacrificed home family, for tune, friends, almost every hope here or here after, for a wanton. It is no use to moralize on it} it is no use to think of it; you can only wonder that such things happen, and so if possible- forget them. If any person believes that all professing Christians are hypocrites and frauds be should have been at Sag Harbor last week when a lot of old fashioned Methodists brought back, from the Pool-bouse old Captain Silas Babcoek. Uncle Silas was an old whaler who retired from the sea about 30yeai'8 ago. He had saved a little money in his voyages,, and he bought a neat little cottage, where he settled down with his good wife aud his two boys. Mrs. Eabcock wanted to give her boys a good education, so she and Uncle Silas pinched thomselvea for yeais till they got both- the boys started in life -one became a merchant and the other a Methodist minister. Then Uncle Silas's wife died, and tbe old man was left alone in th« cottage. Shadrach, the eldest son, who bad been set up iu business with his father's money, turned a cold shoulder on the old man. Then the two eons got quarrelling as to whose duty it was to help to support their father, and it was noticed that Uncle Silas Badcock was not in his pew on Sunday. Uncle Silas had been a member of the Methodist Church going on fifty years, and ever since he retired from the sea lie had been in Ins pew every Sunday, rain or shine, so some of the people thought he might be sick, and they went down to Uncle Silas's cottage, but it was closed up tight, and after inquiring about some time they found that Uncle Silas had been com mitted to the poorhouse on the petition of his two sons, and that Shadrach had got him to mortgage his cottage for five hundred, dollars to put in his business.. Sag Harbor bas got some of the meanest people to be found on Long Island, but it has some good old fashioned Methodists as John Wesley would have loved, or Summerville would have taken to his heart, or to whom 3iahop Simpson of blessed memory would have extended the right hand of fellowship. Now, I don't know that it is exactly the thing for professing Christians to get mad,- but the Methodists of Sag Harbor were mad as hornets when they heard Uncle Silas was in tbe poorhouse; so they called a ehurch meeting, and the minister, a good old-fashioned Methodist, took the floor, and he denouueed the putting of old Uncle Silas in the poorhouse as one of the greatest outrages that he ever heard of, and all the congregation shouted anion, and then he pitche-J into Shadrach, and liis other son, the minister, out west, aud he gave them Hail Columbia, and it was resolved that tbe congregation would take care of.- Uncle Silas Badcock as long as he lived, sad then tb© minister and a committee went out to the poorhouse and thej brought old Uncle Silas back, and when the train got into Sag Harbor it seemed aa if the whole town was down at the depot except his wicked son Shadrach. There was a beautiful carriage waiting for Uncle Silas at the depot, and flags were flying every where, and he rode in triumph through the town, and the people all hurrahed as IJncle 1 Silias rode past, and they look him back to i the old cottage, and Uncle Silai will never leave it as long as he lives. There are some live Methodists down at Sag Harbor, and if the Lord should ever think of destroying it on account of its wickedness, I have not doubt that there are enough of good Methodists in that one congregation to save not only Sag Harbour but the whole of Long Island, and perhapB the rest of the state of New York thrown in. It was rumored about town that Harry Gent was dead. He is almost one of the last of the great living members of the celebrated Tweed ring. When the ring waB in its zenith, Harry G-eut was a power. He is a splendid looking fellow with aa immense political pull, and with regard as a millionaire. When the ring fell to pieces he fled with the rest, escap ing from a deputy sheriff, but he could not stay away from New York, bo he returned and took his punishment. But his punish ment was not ended with hia freedom from prison. His ill-gotten fortune melted away, and two years ago he was attacked with cancer in the mouth. The indescribable agony of"thoBe two years no tongue can tell; it is worse than a thousand deaths. Magnifi cent in dress, in expenditure, and diamonds, his confrere fondly call him Prince Hal, but his sceptre and crown are in the dust, death is the smallest evil that can befall him now. The Seidl Club had an elegant time down . hi- Uoney-Isldjd this weak, &nd; detr old ) Susan B. Anthony addressed the members, ' many of whose are among the representative women of the laud. It was the cos torn in years gone by for a lot of paper- hetfded ninnies who write cheap joltes about mothers in-law to fire their paper bafiete ? atSaian B. She has lived to see about one half of them: go down to drunkards* graves, and'jthe other half are either dead .or foigbtten^ while she to-day stands as one of the bnghtes^ cheeriest worn on, young or old, to be found in our own or any other land. What a | treaieruJoas battle sbe has fought, what a blameless life she lias led, rejoicing in ?the strength that enabled her to mingle.with the weak and erring of her - sex when necessary without even the smell of smoke upon her garments." She made an address to the mem . bers of - the Seidl Club of ladies, named" itt honor of Anton Seidl, the great Germou leader. And. what : an address it was, with more good, Bound, hard sense in it than yotr would find in fifty Congressional speeches, sn<$' bow the women applauded her till they made: the root ring- The women had a grand time, and everyone enjoyed- it thoroughly. SuBan B. Anthony was by all odds the lioimess of the day. A young man was arrested here last week for kissing his giri in.the street, but the magis trate was a level headed judgej andinstead of holding the lovers for a breach of the peace discharged them at once,.and gave the police man a severe reprimand- That' judge ought to reach the Supreme Ceurt. Tliis week Dan Xjamont^ex-President Cleve land's late private secretary, bought the franehise of the Broadway railroad for twenty five thousand dollars. There is no more valuable bit of railroad property in the United States than that same Broadway Railway.1 As Colonel Sellers remarked, " there's millions in it." But what a price it cost. A million, in solid cash to the boodle Aldermen-the ruin of the entire Board with two exceptions -then-' the arrest and imprisonment of the millionaire Jacob Sharp/ who came near dying behind prison bars and was only released by Bourke - Cockran just in time to die in his own home. How many reputations were smirched, how many lives were ruined, and yet to-day there is not a man or woman in New York who - would destroy it. Mew York has little to do with it, except to ride in its cars, the stock, being mostly owned in Philadelphia. The roact proper is- three miles long and the rc ceipts are about eight thousand dollars a day, or an average of forty-two dollars per day for every running car. A widow in Brooklyn has Just had a re markable experience with a ghost which/led her to apply to the Cotirte for relief. One evening several months ag3 her husband, with whom she had been living unhappily; stepped' down to the door and that was the last that was seen of him alive. A few weeks after a. body was picked up in the river, the widow was notified by the police,, and going to the morgue there she identiSed her lost husband. There could be no mistake about it, he had a peculiar scar on the side of his head, and long chin whiskers which the wido-w cut off and carried away is her satchel. His life was in sured for four hundred and fifty dollars which ; the widow got, then she bought a nice black dress, a sweet widow's cap aud a stunning veil a yard and a half long, and she refurnished; hoE rooms and was enjoying herself asthorough ly as any widow could, when last week who should turn ap but the ghost who had been safely planted eight weeks before. "Who are you ?" said the widow. " I am your husband," Baid the ghost. " My husband is dead and buiried," said the widow j " here is the verdict of the twelve men that sat on his-, body and here is the insurance certificate, bo I don't want you ; get out." But the ghost wouldn't go, so she called in a policeman and had him arrested, and now sho wants the Courts to keep the glio^fc aw«v. 