A BOHEMIAN'S NOTES- We all know how anxious newly married people aro to givo tlio world generally tho impression tlmt they've boon thero for some : considerable time. Why it should bo ?o I can i imagine ior some 01 ue wauiu raiuer ue mnrriod a lmlf dozen times than dio ouce — though perhaps tho two thing? are after all equivalent. A friend of mine laboring under this fltrntigo desire to deceive got into a railway carriago with hie brldo the other day, and "treated her with severe coldness, not to say rudeness— while tho train was at the statiou — in tlm hope that peoglo who probably were 1100 concerned about the subject ab nil, .would cunsidcr them an experienced pair in doubln bar- ne?s. And they hod - every confidence in theinHc-lvcs as actors until a bluff country girl stopped into the carriage. Women hnvo a quick eye for matrimonial signs, and this ono grrsped thn situation in nn Instant, for ah alio stepped out of tho carriage again she simply naked, with a mischievous smile, "Who is to be boss ?" ' Sir Henry Loch presents his humble duty, and bega to inform your Majesty that ho Iiah to-day officially closed the Centennial Inter national Exhibition in the presence of a largo representative gathering, amidst loyal expres sions of devotion to your Majesty." Oh 1 your Excellency ! How could you ! Ono hesitates— in the fruit season— to say a good word for tho sparrow— the griiny, disreputable sparrow who, though the stroot urchin amongst birds, is yet, in tiis per tinacity oud power of adapting himself to ciroumstnuctis, a typo of tho British rncc. It is just those qualities wo condemn in tbo sparrow— nn utter indifferenco to thn claims of othere, and inability to rco any other rights than our own that have made us successful colonists. My anxiety lo turn aside the shanghai of late fromtlicspnrrow arises through having watched a dozen of them clcauing tho inisquitoeH off tha under side of tho troo fern fronds in tho Treasury Gardens tlm otlier day, And how hard they worked until one of them, becoming alarmed at some thing, sounded his hawk- note, nnd off they went hurry skurry, like buys ovej- nn orctiprd fence. Though having an interest in a garden, I yet prefer tho chirp of tho sparrow to tho still small voice of the mosquito. Mr Otto Linden shook his locks to tho brcezo tho other night, set his baton at rest, and to tho 'accompaniment of a Wagnerian march charged home upon tho ho?t of unbelievers in classical mn?io. And liko the Rov Mr Spalding he gavo them " o Rood hard knock." Speaking of Mr Guenott, to whom ns one of tho manliest of musicians, I wish good luck, Mr Linden said "ho had always upheld what was true and noblo, nnd tiuly great as against tho flimsy, false, mere- trioioud and enr-liukliug maaioof tho present day." Tb not tho eternal chaiit About high class .jiiUBic becoming a bit tircnomn ? A howling>tor:n 011 the grand organ with tlio pedals down tho stops all our, and tho player doing everything ho knows may plenso a # highly-iinnghiativo pro fessor of music better titan say tho mere triciouR music of Dorothy or soino ear-tinkling "auld Scotch ; " but ono would feel sorry if it olcaied overybody. Yet tho popular demands — which hurt tho sensitive mwtician eo badly — aro not for musio that tho gallery boys in tho Royal may beat time to with their heula, though they certainly prefer it, a? thn up- country ioomolnst did, "with tuneainit," I fear tlmt the affectation for high-class music is in ninny cases affectation only, and built upon no more substantial, basin than tho musical education of tho lady who sent to Nicholson's not long ago for " MendelsongH without Those who really do liko high-class music should keep silent nnd bo thankful that dur ing tho Exhibition they were nblo to get so much of it ut tho pubho expense. A good doal of capital has beon'mado ot tho faot that tho popular programmes draw, the smallest audi ence?, and it would hnvo been suprising to find it otherwise. Even tho public announcements and references to these apeoial oonccrte were tinged with the high class musicians' oontempb for everything popular. In effect they ran thus: " To-day wo have some cheap stuff for goats bub tho pure brod merinoe? will bo fed on Tuosday." Who, knowing tho weakness of human nature, was surprised that both sheep and goats were absent. . To ono outsido thn cult and who prcfora his hair cut short-in summer time, thero is somo little difficulty in soparnting tho light 'mere tricious chaff from tha solid musical grain, although, to oontinue tho simile, tho latter is invariably heavy on tbo scale. Upon thia point, oven firat-oloss musicians are not all harmony and sweetness but- jus have their differences of opinion liko tboordtnarycoarcc-graiiied mau, only more so. Tho flip of tbo string, by whioh a triok riollniob gets a meretricious "pop " in "Bop goes tho Weasel" is,Ifonr, 110b high class, though tho difference botween it and tho manipulation of keys aud etops in tlioso dosoriptivo pieccp, whoro tho programme is so handy, Is bub a difforcnoo of dcgrco after all Ofconrsotho illustration is ridlculoun, butnot morn bo than (no expectation that thnwboln world should bo oppressed by a consoiuitsnceii of the beauty of high-class music. Ono word more. Wait ib somo of tho great clasiical composers that Tennyson had in his mind's eyo— or perhaps soul's oar would bo tho better term— when ho wrote tho lines of thn ohorio song so often quoted by musicians Thero is sweet musio here that softer fall?, 1 Than petals from blown rests on tho grass ; Or night (lows ou still waters between walls. Of sluulowy granite, in n gleaming pass. Musio that gentliur on tho spirit lies. Than tir'd eyelids ujiou tir'd eyes ; Musio that urmg? sweet sleep down from tho blissful skies." 11 There," husaid pointing to tho pioturo of "Bubbles "on the hoarding, "is tho distinc tion broadly drawn botweou tho man who pur ohase? a great picture from pure entlnuuusin in art and ho who buys, as many traders do tiow, for an advertisemont. Tho first owner would describe his picture ns being by Millais, tho second describes it as painted by Sir John Millais, Bart., R. A." In tho latter case it is something tlmt tha artist should havo been a great man, but much mora important that ho should bo a baroiinb also. They were both enthusiastic anglers, and I found them trying to fix n magnifying glass upon tho photograph of a bush hut in Gipps- land, shown outside Mr Cairo's window tn Col lins street. They wcro nob cribbing any of tho architect's effects. Thoir desiro was solely to determine the identity of that fine fish hang ing nt tho doorway, nnd which looks re markably liko n trout. To suppose that the photographer and hut owner oouspircd to hang upn stuffed theatrical trout for tho sake of oifect, nnd with intent to deceive is to insult tho wlule provtneo of Gippalaiid. Whatever that fish turn? out to be, Iexpncb Mr Cairo will hnvo somo anxious inquiries as to tho geographical position of tho hutnnd tho tmmo of the nearest creek. During the holidays a party of tourists went mi n trip to tho Upprr Ynrrn, and at 0110 hotel where they ntoppod were asked whether they would hnvo fish for breakfast or tho stnplo dish, ham and eggs. And ovcryinan without hesitation voted for fish, for hnd nob their mentor told thorn buforo leaving town that the htxtnyof getting a good blackfisti for break fast was nlcmo worth tho trouble of tho journey. 80 they abused ham and egg?, in sinuating that tho hnin would havo been out from tho flitch and the eggs saved up from Christnns, while nil night they drrantod of their fi?h. In tho morning they got it— boiled ling-fish with egg sauce. Wo havo the customary twaddlo about blood shed mid brutality in connection with the Uurku- Shivin nffuir. Of course, the men who write thus have never seen a boxing, match, but that merely gives them greater freedom for comment. To tlio emotional journalist facts are inconvcnieub thing?. It is pure waste of time, T Mipixjise, to iwint 011b tlint as these men box with pudded gloves thero is, otherwise than from tho nose, rarely more blood spilled than n first-class barber would draw from hi? cus tomcr nt n sitting. A man of common sense would nob consider bleeding at the nose a matter to become heroic About, since one may inflict it upon himself anydny by a too energetic lire of Ins pocket- handkerchief. Indeed, bleed ing nt the noso is mi admirable safety valve- and ifa Christian moralist would box occasionally ami inanngo to get hit on tho nono ho would bo 106S apoplectic, r.ven uie shock ot a Knock out " to a man in tho perfection of physical training Is nn ephemeral effect compared with the results of a largo humanitarian step, ping upon some banana peel on tho sidewnlk To me ib seems that compared with such daily pastimes ns pigeon shooting, coursing, mid, yes, even fishing. A boxing match or a Grneco- Roman wrestlo aro refined sports. I am nt uny rate sulliciently blood-thirsty to take an interest in both. The funny point is that the writers who go into heroics about the horrors of boxing are probably thoso most anxious that Australia should take nn nctivo part in tho old .world politic And that interference means, soonor or later, bloodshed, misery, desolation, poverty nnd crime. All thuao things we may have- bub 110b boxing. It is a qucor creed— a strange fantiipia oil tin) themes. Humanity, Pence. In effect they any to us " Avoid bloodshed- oven from tlio nono— bub if you muse shed blood then siicd as much ub you can for wholu- sale bloodshed is Defied." It's the old gntno of straining nt n gnat nnd swallowing n camel — but the camel 1ms got romd to it. Sir Henry Pnrkes u a remarkable man after nil. A littlo white ago, when ho was being threatened with eviction from oflico he was able to tell us of his walks with Tennyson— though perhaps the pleasures of rustic retire ment aro just what ouo would think inobb about at such a time. Now in the heat of tho election campaign ho -finds time to contribute a baby song to tho Cmfcmti'al Magflzlnc, and very tastefully, indeed, tho iittlo song has been npread with pencil alono over a couple of pages in tho February number. Now I wonder what sort of babyf song our Mr Gillies would write, not during a general election, but say, in his most sympa thetic inomcntB. I|think 1 can imagine it. I bulicvo I could oven write it, but not even the offer of tho Exhibition profits could induce me to print It. By a mistake in the printer's "make up,' an article on Australian loyalty appears under the head of "Rcoent Inventions" in ono of tlio home papers received by lost mail. Tlio truth, liko murder, will out. This banking story ib told by tho Pall Mall Gazette, though, I fancy, either CharleH Lamb or Sydney Smith anticipated the paper as far as tlie chief points are conoerned:— A ricli banker enters his office on tho lnt morning of tho old year, and heaps his warmest congratu- tions ou tho head of his cashier, who, 011 tho 1st January, celebrates tlio twenty-fifth anni versary of his employment by tho firm. After tho banker hax exhausted his stock of fair phrnBc?, ho graciously hands his employe an envelope, saying, " hern is. n keepraka for you, In inemony of your jubilee." Tho man takes tho ottvelopo, mutters many -words of thank? but does not dnro to open it. "Open it," the bnnker Bays, en couragingly. litis is dono, nnd— the photo graph of tho donor is found inside. Tho cnshler retraining fllleut with astonishment, his employer says " Well, what do you sny to it F" "All lean say," is tho reply of tho unhappy limn, "is that it is very much liko you." I mention this anecdote merely to point out that when tho Melbourne banker presents his employe with nucnvolopQ it invariably contains, a cheque (check on his accounts ?). In this happy land we have no stingy bankers, 110 starving clerks, no small salaries and no bank robberies. (Impudent ocho again— Wha never 7) The South Australians are fortunate in getting a new Governor with quite a singular conglomeration of merit Lord Kintcre is not merely a suholnr/a traveller, and a politi cian, but can ride a bicyole fast without fall ing off, nud shot a few yeArs atro for tho Echo shield fit Wimbledon ns one. of tha Bcotcli eight. Add to thiB tho fact that he In religion is an ovangelUt (a strong point in an Adelaido Governor) that he intends to spend more than his official income, and is not musical, and yofl have all tho virtues that Adelaido particularly wauts in a Gover nor. The Earl oat his estate and titlu through one of tho inmily sneaking tho regalia of Scot land out of Dunnottnr Cnstlo while it was besieged by that globular topped vessel ol wrath, Olivor Cromwell who, it was fearod would pawn it, and spend tho proceeds in buy ing a new king for the country. Instead of wasting thuir timo in musical ovenings, tho population of Adelaido will now revert to tho old pastime, prayer meetings. Wo were discussing cricket— tho glorious uncertainty of the game, and' tho inglorious uncertainty of tboeo who play it, when a cuto American broke In with — "Wby do you people play two innings, and tlion grumblo about taking so long to do it? You're just playing the eamo game over twioe, nnd I want to know what merit there is in two innings ns against ono or threo?" Nona of us . was quite ready with an answer, for to admit that it was , to equalise tho luck of tho' game were to admit that games were won by luck, oud nob entirely by nkilL Tho singlo innings will bo ono of tho reforms of tho future for after all they prfetty oleaily indicate tho morib of thoteams. Flay- ing two innings 111 nil Intercolonial inatchfifi inch colony lino WOn 21 mntclira. Una .li incno mntclion boon drcldcd by one innlnrf New South Walcn would hnvo won 22 nnd Via. torio 20. Tho two renultn ore near enough to show that tlio second Innings Is a pure cv presence. If tho second innings and tho worn wickot wcro abolished bawlnre such as Turner would find it much more difficult to bccomo 4 "Terror.' In conncciiou with cases ot striking re semblances a story is told by tho London Glcii rtMrdu'Maurirr, tho Punch artist, wliowJ being constantly mistaken for Mr Alma ' Tndcmn. At a dinner party not long ngo Mr du Mnutiur sal next to 2 daughter of his host, who told Mr dn Mnnrfo# that iho could nut imagine how people conld J bo so stupid as to take him for Mr Alma To. ' dnmn for to her tho resemblance seemed ve»y light indeed. A littlo later in tho evening tho samo lady told du Maurlor that she hail bought bis photograph in tho city a lew days before, nnd wished him to put his autograph to It. But when tins portrait was brought Mr du Maurier sighed, and put it down -gently upon tho table. "That, "ho eald "is Mr Alina Tadcma's portrait." A gentleman of my acquaintance has mi nil moid, or rather tho ghost of nn ailment upon which I should like to hoar nn opinion from your family doctor. For five years ho Iias been troubled with a monotony in nightmare? hi? particular tveaknosn in that direction bring snakes. _ I suggested tlio hair of a snake thab bib him, but ho assures mo that thofio snakes are neither orange nia genu, nor Fninslsn tiluc, but just tlio ordinary snake of coinmorcc. Ilo varies his late suppers taking sometimes oyHter? sometimes crayfish somerimra prawn?, b«5 vary the preliminaries, both liquid nnd solid, ns lie nmy, thero is always thi'snnic saddening, thin on? serpentine re?ult— snakes. Imagine a nmli trying to get out ol tho way of snakes for fivo year? nt a stretch, nnd never alio to do it' until ho wakes. Having had ono or two narrow shaves from snakes tlmt were unplcniuuttly real, I can sympathise with him, and so invito recipe? foe a now night mare— alligator? trams, ship, wreck, pantomime, tho Salvation Army— anything, lunvHur, horrible for a change. And speaking of nightmares a correspou dent writes me thus " I have a complaint to lodgi-. After u.iduiglit ou Saturday— which made it before breakfast on Sunday— resident in tho vicinity of the Exhibition ami other hotel? had their devotions frequently interrupted, and their rosb broken in several places by tho strange conduct of a number of young men taking part in a street mocwsion. From exclamations made, thu samo being freely interlarded with hiccups, I gathered that they wore buriesquo- ing the proceedings of some deliberative as- armbly, such remark? ns " Have Oi dc flure Mr Chairman ?" being frequent. Such com duct as tlio above leads not to tho kingdom of righteousness but through tlio slip-panels of wrath into tho potter's field. I feel sure tlmb with tho active co-operation of tho press this abuso can bo remedied." Activo co operation of tho press 1 What is ho driving at anyhow?" Has tho Potter's field bceu bought hy an Oriental syndicate nmUold to a land company, or what is tho matter ? Tlio Federal Council is quite right. Tho Samoan question i? of considvrnblo interest to Australians, though not just in tho way, per- haps, that the Council mean. It can hnrdly bo otherwise than interesting to Australians to note how Biflinnrck, tho micrltty with hie huge nriiinmciit of rapid firing rifles and machine guns, ins trained legions all ready pud sailing tor a fight, has diplomatically backed down before America which" has no army worth speaking about, no navy and no wonderful guns snvo Znllnski whicli she works sb an nrticlo of trado with which other nations may kill each other. Imperialism on tho grandest acalo acknowledge? tho potentiality of wooden nutmeg?. Would Bisrn arclc have played tha sucking davo howovcr, had England, Russia, Franco or any of tho "great powers" been coucerned instead of America. ? In conversing tho other day about tho danger? that attend a united nnd mdppondcnt Australia, cnu gentleman framed a menaoo something in this way.— "There is good land to spare in Western Australia. Now Jf a largo German colony of nrtinanB, tillers of the solf and wino growers are established thoro with say a war vessel to. look after tlitf-vr interests, and n regiment on land purely tV \ police duty, how do yon propaso to prevent it? \ Well, admitting tho whole of this suppositious caso possible, I doubt whether Australian® would bn called uuon to interfere in tho matter. The German settler appreciates qnito as fully ns iho Briton tho advantages of frog institution lie inquire ns much pleased to find himself beyond the tyranny of n feudal system, clear of tho military rcstriotious which hamper his social and worldly progress freed from the ovur-doso of Govern numb which has mndo him littlo better than a slave. Tho departing kick to thosd Uhlans nnd Tflnck Brunswickers would bo given iu duo course, not by a Colonial boob, but with tho square-toed Bluclier of a Gcrinaa settler who had become Australian by sym pathy. Tho German i? always a good settler and a good citizen. Ib is only when he comes hero iu somo high official capacity and solid tous on tho score of Imperial favors that tho German manages to make an egregious ass of himself. It is hardly surprising tlmfc Mr SimmmeD should have failed with Ids Inst opera company, but it is very surprising that he should ever have been induced to bring it here. Italians, as a rule, hnvc sweet voices nud uncertain dis positions, aud tins company lacked one oE theso qualities. I needn't particularly say which. But Mr Simonseu might Iiava safely counted upon nil this, fur opcrar tic artists rarely change thoir spots ns far ns petulance, and iil-tcmpcr arc con. corned. Tho wonder is that on tho faco of tho Exhibition attractions in tho matter of first cluss music MrSimonseu cuuld over havo hoped that oven a fiist-rato oporu company— which this was not— would bo a success. Musical Melbourne, though sometime? noisy is not large, and with Lady Loch ns leader reso lutely gavo its attention to Mr Cowcn nud tho Exhibition orchestra and choir. And with tho nature of tho rival attraction Mr Bimonsen had to offor it would havo boon very remarkable indeed, lmd tiny dono olhcrwisp. Bcsido they would liavo hud to pay for Mr SiinonsenVniusie, and thoy got Mr Cowcn'e largely at tlio cxpenHo of tlio bootmakers ol Collingwood, thn wharfingers of Port Mel bourne, and tho farmers of Ballengarook1 Otherwise the State door-keeper let thcin in "on the nod." 