QUEENSLANDER CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT BRISBANE: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1889. The Repentance of Magdalene Despar. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] PART I. I. BY G. ESSEX EVANS ('CHRISTOPHUS'). Author of ' John Raeburn,' 'The Black Knight,' &c.; O the richness of Morn! O the freshness of Spring I When the heart is upborne as a bird on the wing ; When the fire in the hearts of the poets bunts forth in the songs that they sing; 4 la the depths of my heart when my girlhood was young I have felt myself part of the songs that they sung, Of words that wore mingled with music in measures that trembled and swung ; 4 When I dreamt that the world was made only for me— The white waves that curled on the shores of the sea— The myst'ry of Nature—the breath of the Spirit that broods over forest and lea. ' In the midst of the wild as a wild-flower I grew With the heart of a child that was tender and true In the calm of seclusion unbroken where pleasures were simple aud few* I 1 can see my home still, the wide view it commands From the crest of the hill where the head-station stands Overlooking the waste of blue waters that circle the shimmering sandu * In the bright bygone hours never shadowed by care, In a garden of flowers where the roses were fair, They held me the Queen of the Roses—the purest and stateliest there* * Not till then had I known that I wore on my face As a light that is thrown from a heavenly plaoo The jewel of beauty, iutpearled on my brow, the sign-manual of fairneu and grace* 4 Tho* I knew not of love, of the radiance that gleams As a light from above, as the glint of bright beams That colour the grayness of Life with the richness aud beauty of dreamt; ' Yet I formed an ideal of tho fancies that start, Of whispers that steal from the depths of the heart, And I mused o'er a love that was deathlesj, that sorrow and paiu could not part.' 11. ' In the youth of the year When Winter is dead and the strength of her roign has been broken* When Nature has donned the soft colours of Spring as a token, Aud hearts that were weary are tilled with a gladness uuspokea That Spring-time is here; 4 When on forest and plain Rich hues lie unsullied, reborn in their brightness and splendour, In dark-green and emerald, carmine and azure, tints subtle and tender} Fresh from the hund of the Artist Immortal, the touch of the Sendee Who paints them ugaiu; •When solitudes teem With tho life and the gl6ry with which all existence is glowing, When laden with music and rich with perfume the slow zephyrs are blowing, When Spring waxing strong with the strength of young days into Summer is growing) I woke from my dream. ' And, waking, I passed From the dreaming of visions whose influence held me and bound me To the light of a faith and the strength of a love that will ever be round me, For here, on the desolatewtation, the Fate that I dreamt of had found me-* Had fouud me at lost! ' Not the hero and lord Of the castles I built in the hours of an indolent leisure, Not tho youth in the Hush of his prime seeking beauty and pleasure, Whose heart was afire with high hope and a love without measure For her he adored. * Not such was the man To whom I had given the best gift that a woman possesses, The faith of a heart yet untouched when her soft voice confesses. The passionate sweetness of Love with its sighs and caresses- Giving all that she can. 4 The autumn of life Had silvered the locks once as dark as the wing of the raven, Had tempered the passions that oft make a strong spirit craven, Aud Time's rugged ploughshare on face and on brow had engraven Tho scars of the strife. * In his eyes Lovo still sees That light that in sorrow or trouble burns brighter and clearer From the soul of a strong man and just, to whom honour is dearer Than wealth or high fame or soft ties that are firmer and nearer And better than these. ' Why need be retold What is old as the Earth is, but still in its passion and yearning Is new, ever new, with its longings, hopes, fears, and heart-burnings Is new. ever new, to tho heart that its soft creed ia learning— The new tale that is old r* (O light was my heart When the bells from the church on my marriage morn gaily were pealing* And we on the steps of God's altar together were kneeling And uttered our vows before Him who our compact was sealing Till Death did us part. '•Ah! Why had they said Not age with gray hairs and grave face for bright youth was created. Only Youth in the glow of Life's morning with Youth should be mated? Ah! Why do those words haunt me now in these days evil-fated When I would I were dead ?' / in. * Life is like a mighty river flowing onward to the sea, Past low meadows, rocky headlands, stity it flows unceasingly,. * Swerves in curves, and flows in stretches, ever varying its force> >As the banks contract or broaden in the chaunels of its course. }But to all who sail its waters comes a time when Fate may glido Slowly, calmly, gently onwards with the ripples of its tide. Bo to me ere yet I dreamt of aught of sorrow, shame, or ill _^ Game a time of Bweet contentment when my days were pure and stSE ' Four long yean we lived together on the station by the aea, Far from that old well-loTed homestead which had been the world to me* Here no belts of yellow sandbanks form a stretch of shiram'ring strand, But the beetling crags aud headlands rise abrupt on either haua; And for gentle rippled falling with slow music on the shore, Wild and high above the storm wiud you may hear the breakers roar. • Four long years in cloud and sunshine lived we on this rugged coast, Where the cries of wand'riu" sea-birds seem the waitings of a ghost; Where on wiuter eves at midnight bursts tho giant hurricane, Shakes the four walls of the station till the timbers start again. • *••••••••$ 1 Four lone years in cloud and sunshine lived we by tho restless sea, Where each day was as auother in its calm monotony. But my heart was changing slowly, aud I felt with secret pain Friendship take the place of Lovo where only Love itself should reign. Was it only woman's fancy mado me think him cold, austere— Till I felt the love I bore him tempered with au uukuown fear ? Was it that my heart rebellious scorned that grave aud courteous air, Longing for a wilder spirit with more fire to do and dare? Wrapt in c ires of which ho spoke not, tho' his smile was kind and mild— I, a wife, with woman's longing!), to be treated ns a child! So I nursed my wrongs iv silence, musing o'er my wounded pride, Till a barrier grew between us whom no barrier should divide. Often in those days I fancied I could hear those words of truth— " Youth, not age with fifty winters, should be wedded unto youth." 1 Three long years in cloud and sunshine we had watched our darling grow Like a flower upon the mountain, bright as light, and pure as snow. Only one was mine to cherish, but a fairy full of grace, In whose laughing eyes and features once again I saw my face. All tho lovo and all the yoarniug in a heart as wild as mine, AU my hopes and my ambitiou centred in this gift divine. Where to southward of the station lies a little sauded bay, Bringing back to me the memory of a careless childhood's day, Here at times I oft would linger with the child in early spring, Dreaming of the Unknown Future, wond'ring what the years would bring. • •*••«• . • • ♦, ' Was it tlat a curse from Heaven lingered over mine and me ? Oft methought I heard God's anger in the moaning of the sea. For tho chila I loved so dearly, the sole solace of my pride, Like a flower before tho storm blast sickened in the spring aud died. And we laid her in her beauty on the cliffs beside tho bay, Where so oft at morn and evening I had watched her careless play. On the bleak and barren mountain lies her lonely little grave, And for dirge we heard the sea-wind and the beating of the wave. ' Then for days I lay in fever, shrieking with fierce voice and wild; Cursing Qod and cursing Nature for the deathbed of the child. And beneath its weight of sorrow slowly my proud spirit sank, Till at last my senses left me and my life became a blank. • ••••• . . • # } * Weak and ill at last I wakened from that dark and dismal night, But the world seemed chauged around me and the sunshine lost its light; And the Spriugs of Hopo were withered, and love's flume had ceased to buny And I knew a power had left me that would never more return.' Fart 11. I. * Changed I was, my love grown colder, vivid fancies thronged ing brainy Forms and faces hovered round me, and I turned from them iv vain; And a madness fired my spirit till I could not bear the place Haunted by the tender memory of one little childish face. 1 So at last we sold the station, left that wild and rugged shore, Changed the calm of Nature's fastness for the busy city's roar. For the years had made us wealthy, richer far than those we met, -' . * And I longed for somo excitement that would teach me to forget. 'In those days of calm seclusion I had thought not of the worth Of the royal gift of beauty Nature gave me at my birth. Then a girl unformed and simple, now a woman 'midst my peers, And my mirror showed my beauty had but ripened with the years. What to woman were gold tresses, Grecian faco, imperial form, But to hold mankind in bondage and to take the world by storm? * Statelier than all women round me, with an air of careless pride Little cared I for their hatred with man thronging to my side. Still my husband, evor with me, spoke no word and made no sign That he knew tho gulf was wideuing fast between his life aud miue. So I pluuged iuto tho vortex of a wild and reckless set, Ever seeking fresh excitement that would teach me to forget. * Was it only sorrow drove me to those scenes with folly rifoP Or the thought of something missing in the lottery of life V Often came again the memories of a better, purer, day, When at morn from heated ballrooms swift our carriage rolled away, *"". Who shall read a woman's secret ? or divine what women think ? One kiud word perchance had saved me when I trembled on the brink. But his coldness numbed my spirit, and I moved unto my fate. Love first changing into friendship, friendship changing into hate. * Well I knew my beauty lingered as a theme on every tongue, And I learnt to love the homage of the men who round me hung Till the thirst for admiration at last became a daily need— Ah! what misery in the sowing of that single deadly seed I Fatal is the gift of boauty to a woman weak and proud; Better fur for her the features of the homeliest iv the crowd. Drinking of the wine of flattery till its fumes had turned my brain, . N • : Thinking only of the worship of the fools who thronged my train. Conquest but succeeded conquest when all bowed beneath my spell, . Till iv all the. pride and splendour of my vanity 1 fell. 11. 1 O, fain would I hide Myself and my shame in the depths of the fathomless sea, °f Beneath storm, beyond calm, where no echoes of past days can be J In a tomb deep and wide Where wrapt in a mantle of darkness and peaco I might slumbor afar '^ From the noiso of a world whore the voices of Sorrow and Memory aw* * Hope ! Is there hope ? .. : - Ah ! tho hope that shall shine in the gloom of the Valley of Death; -"■ • Yea! E'en 'neath the wings of dark Azrael, the chill of his breath; ' What courage can cope With Fate .when repeutanco avails not, tho' tears may have fallen Jike rain f 'Can tho roße that is soiled in tho dust of the way its lost beauty regaiu ? •Peaco! Is there Poace? Ah! the pence that is hers whom no woman forgets or forgives I The stigma of shame that no penitence ever outlives I For her shall not cease The frost of contempt and keen words and the stings of the arrows of 100111. Ah ! better for her who shall fall in her pride had she never been born! •Light! Is there light In the deepening of shadows gigautic that gather and roll— In the veils of black darkness o'envheiming the shuddering soul Like wings of the night ? Not from man, not from woman, coraos mercy to those who shame's pathway have trod. Hope, Peace,' Light, alone can be found iv the infinite mercy of God. ' 0 pitiless fate! 0 frailty of woman ! th-it heeds not tho' danger be cloar, That stilles the voices of warning, refusing to hear— That hears when too lato ! Canst thou cleanse tho soiled lily of houour by pain and remorse of long yean, Tho' thou cherish its life with thine anguish and water its petals with tears? • O for pow'r to forgot When Mem'ry is madness, and thought as tho stabbing of swords, "When the euecr of contempt and the lingering sting of his words ° < Are haunting me yet! 411 have torn thy false face from my heart, thou art nothing to me save a nama, And o'er thee shall linger for ever the horror and curse of thy shame." « Ah ! where shall I find Some refuge of darkness, some oavo of oblivion, deep-hidden, sorcne, Where hushed are tho voices of mem'ry nnd shades of the past are unseen, » Where- the senses grow blind 'No&th; the spell of a peace that is brooding supreme o'er an echoless shore. And the droauia of dead hopes and lost honour shall reach mo and haunt me no more ?* 111. 1 How weary the years To the heart that is reckless of aught that the future may bring! That heeds not the glory of summer, the freshness of spring ; When sorrow aud tears And the sharp aching throb of remorse burn fiercely like fire in the brain, Aud only the ghosts of past days and tho shadow of evil remain. • • • « • • • • • • • • I have learnt lie is dead; Nor ever again shall I'list to that voice once so tender aud true— Nor ever again shall I see that strong face which uo tear could subdue. c , I Lavo lea rut he.ii dead ; ..... He hai fallen enthroned with tho brave in their glory, yet scorning to y.'eld or to fld) But breathiug no word of forgiveness—and leaving uo message for mo. ' I have learnt that he fell 'Midst the storm of the battle that r.iged far away on the hot blinding sand, Serving unknown in the regiment where once he had held a command; And tho sound of his knell Was the thunder of cannon, the rattle of bullets swift hissing like rain, Aud his shroud was tho flag he defended—his bier was a mound of the slain. 4 Mothought that I woke 'Midst the combat, aud saw tho bluo gleaming of steel bristliug bare; But haggard and white were the faces that manned tho four sides of the square. Then cainn the long stroke Of galloping boofs shaking earth iv their thuuder. aud peal upon peal, Then tho crash and recoil of the squadrons that reeled froim those wall* of blue steel. 1 'Midst murderous rain, The square closing up, filling gaps mitdo by dying aud dead, Returning with volleys defixut each death-doaliug challenge of lead; Then sounded again The rush of will steeds, and the redd'uing of sabres, the loud grinding shock, But Die square holds its ground, and they reel from its walls like wave* from the tide of a rock. ' Ah! I saw him still there, Unmoved 'midst the gleaming of sword play, tho cannon's deep roar, In oneiiaud the Mag mat ho guarded', in oue tho long sabre ho wore. His thin silver hair Streamed wild iv tho breath of the battle, nnd full on his reroluto face Was the glow aud tho light of a spirit that yields not but dies iv its place. • But it was not to last, For swift the dark squadrous have rallied—tho square was n handful of men, And the strength of the foe uuto theirs was e'eu greater than sixty to ten ; Till, wild as the blast, One desperate chnrgn overwhelmed them, yet dying they scorned still to yield, Aud iightiug they fell at their posts every man—but uiowu down liko thegraaa of the field. 1 My heart is as slone, But the tears of my grief will not flow tho' I would I couM weep For the mem'ry of Love that was teuder and faith that my, folly held cheap, " Ah! too* late we own, With tones of self scorn and upbraiding and pang* of un'v&iliug; remorse That we know not the wor.h of v heart till we wake to tho s^nso of our loss. ' Perchance it is best; 1 have wronged him in thought and in deed by a wrong that no toars can repair. Ah! would it wero / and not lie who was lying in majesty there ! He has found a last rest; He has fallen enthroned with the brave in their glory, yet scorning to yield or to fle«— But breathiug no word of forgiveness and leaviug uo message for mo. 1 O desolate years! I am weary and stricken, ntid fain would I lay mo at peace Whero tbe roar of tho nois<? of the world aud its follies aud vanities cease, Its hopes aud its fears. Yet oue thing remains to a spirit as saddeued and hopeless as I, To seek the old Lome where my darling is sleeping and look on ber grave ere I die.* Pabt 111. I. •Nigl-.t has come; o'er vale and mountain fast her sable robes are sweeping* Faiuter wanes tho dying sunlight ling'riug slow by shore aud lea. Not a whisper mars tho silence round the spot whoro sho is sleeping Save the murmur of the breezes aud the music of the sea. * With melodious sound and nearer beat the waves with ceaselei3 motion, Bout tho waves in measured cadence falling ou the rocky strand, And the low wiud siglis responsive to tbe rythni of the ocean Liko the song of some sweet singer echoing thro* a dreary land. * All th' immeasurable ether gleams and glows with light supernal, Glitt'ring points of rel aud crystal, trembling bars of silver white, Watch fires where tho armed angels guard the throne of the Eternal, Outposts of a host unnumbered, scattered through the Infinite. • •••••••••• "Tis tho gtave ; no urn of marble crowns the site with classic splendour, On tho headstone gray and rugged hangs a siugle faded wreath, Wild llowers round it and above it—emblems of the pure aud tender— Noue are half so sweet aud spotless as the flower that lies beneath. * Here, where Poace on wings majestic rules the Night as her dominion) Watches with her shield of Sileuce at the grave beside the sod, Dreamlessly the chiM is sleepiug 'neath the shadow of her pinion, Far from passiou, toil, and sorrow; near to Nature and to God. •Tiny blossom that hath faded ere the summer's noon and beauty, Whom an angel's hand had gathered iv the sweetness of tho Spring; Little feet thai have not learnt to tread the iron path of Duty, Have not felt the sword of Sorrow, or the bitter shames that sting. *It is better thus, my darling! Better than a dark to-morrow Whore the fruits of Love aud Pleasure turn to Passiou and Despair, £or the joy of Life is lesser than the burthen of its sorrew, And I would that God would lay mo in the grave beside you there,* 11. ' Deeper, wider grows the darkness o'er the forest softly stealing; Shadowy trees as dim and gloomy as tho shadows they have thrown Gird me round with walls Cimmerian as I weop in silence kneeling By the grave ttiat holds within it all that I can call miuo own. * What is Life ? A changeful season—bright to-day and dark to-morrow; Say not: " Those who sow in anguish shall at last in gladness reap." Bather say: " The fruits of Folly shall bo reaped in pain and sorrow"— Then, tho voice that all must answer—and the last lung dreamless sleep. * Hark ! On pinions swift, untiring, sweeping southward, sweeping shoreward, Over contiueut aud ocean comes the wild wiud flying fast, Liko a god ho conios to conquer from his Kingdom iv the Nor'ward, And a clarion voice is ringing—'Tis tho spirit of tho blast i * Hark! Again that Toiee, resounding, swells and sinks in trembling motion, Ringing nearer, ringing clearer, like a sweet-toned silver bell, "Magdalene! Mugdu'.eue!" echoing shoreward from the ocean— 'Tia my darliug'a voice that calls me. 'Tis the voice I loved so well. * Net a sound—the dark trees stir not. Am I waking! Am I dreaming? Silence in the shadowy forest, silence in tho wilderness, But in arching blue above me crystal stars are coldly gleaming Like the ejes of those who judge me, cruel, stern, and pitiless. ' List! From utter darkness round me once again that song sonorous, As of those whose souls unfettered soar beyond these mortal bars, Comes with souud of rushing pinions, voices in celestial chorus, Mighty waves of deep-toued music rolling hcavonwards to the stars. ' 'Tis ns tho' (he skies were sundered and the starry hosts, descending, Bring the joy of the Immortal to a soul iv dark despair, 'Till I hear the mystic echo of those voices strangely blending Liug'ring iv one trembling note, and dying on the midnight air! * But one clear voice dies not ever: over mountain, shore, and hollow " Magdalene ! Magdalene !" ever calling from the sea. 'Tis my darling's voice that calls me, and with trembling steps I follow Whereso'cr that voice shall lead me till it lead at last to Thee.' 111. Mute she sped; thro* lonely forests ou her feeble footsteps boro her— Weird ravines, dim haunted valleys, where the storm sprites range and rars Till the shelving hills dipt eastward, and sho saw at last before her. Wide und far, a pall of darkness ou the sleeping summer wave. Till by yellow sauds and shingle, dim dark rocks, gaunt cliffs and hoary, Stood the woman pale and weeping, with sad hcaitnnd weary feet, And the harvest moon arising smote the hoavens with sudden glory, Trembled ou the fuiut horizon where the sky aud waters meet, Clothed the misty deep bcncith it with a weird and pallid splendour, Shot a ray of stainless silver 'thwart the wave from East to West, Cleft th' empurpled dusk asunder with a radiance white aud sleuder, ,-^" With a stream that Hashed and trembled ou the purple ocean's breast— 7 -\\- \\. That to weary eyes which watched it seemed a path to Ren Iras ImniortAf,'^ Seemed a path of light celestial that the angels might have trod, ' , f) From the shores beyond the Dawning to the vergo of Death's dark portal" '"- Leading from this vale of shadows'to the Majesty of God. v X. Flash the vaulted heights with brilliance, myriad gems that gleam aud quiver*l'/ / And the ocean's shiuiug bosom minors clear tho jewelled dome! *llouveu above and heaveu beneath me; aud beyond—the silver river— Still she calls me . . "Magdalene" , . Darling—l am coming home Then the clarion voice vibrated over ocean, shore, and hollow— 4 Magduleuo! Magdalene'—ever calling from the sea; Aud she nuswered, 'I am ready. Onward ! Ouward! I will follow Wheresoe'er thy voice shall lead me till it lead at last to Thee.' From her soul she felt the burden of her sorrow slip and sever, As the mists disperse and vauish, faliug at the face ot Day; All the passiou and the fever of the bfaiu were goue for ever- All the fierce unrest and longing sauk in peaco aud passed away. IV. ' I am bound by a power that is deathless, a yearning divine That draws my soul ouward, resistless, my child, uuto thine, That lifts my sad heart with a gladness unspokeu to tliee, Thy voice from the sea. ' Lo! the shame aud the shadow of sin that lay dark on my breast They have lifted and vanished as mists from the blue mountain's crest Thro' the silence of death, thro' the gloom aud the glory of Night, I shall pass iuto light. 1 Thy voico like the sound ot sweet melody trembles and falls, Thy voice like the peal of the clarion thrills me and calls- Culls ms to thee at tho gates of High Heaveu in the Realms of the Bleat— Aud I pass to my rest.' And as one who moves and gazes fixed and silent in her dreaming, With a step that did not falter and a heart that did not shrink, Like a goddess in tho moonlight with her fair hair round her gleaming, Passionless, erect, and stately, passed she, slowly, to the brink. With her blue eyes wido and dreamy, goldou locks around her clinging, Bride of Death, aud crowned with beauty fair as hers whose name she bore, Following ouward, following ever, where that clarion voice was ringing, Down the calm and silver river passed she, eileut, from the shore. Deeper, deeper, grew the waters closing round her and above her, Dimmer grew the dusky shoreliue fading faintly in the West Till the purple star-Hushed ocean clasped her to him like a lover, Drew her iv his strong embrace, and hid her, sleeping, in his breast. But the Night-breeze blowing shoreward bore a sound o'er rale and hollow, Magdaleue! Magdalene!' ever calling from the sea. And the trembling echo answered, ' Onward ! Onward ! I will follow Wheresoe'er thy voice shall lead me till it lead at lost to Thee.' 