_^§i«,Em:' . The Queen Grace. [By Rev. Hugh Pbicb Hughes.] Buskin has a statement somewhere to the effect that we only need to see one of the paintings of Titian, especially, when the products of: other artists are near, in order to . realise his immeasurable superi ority.' 'And we have only :to: contemplate Ti'nva 'as Tiainterl-bv St. Panl to rfialisniitn unrivalled 'worth. Let us read' an 6V pon der his description,- -f Love 'suffereth: long; Love is long-suffering.and' is/kind.'1 'Love envieth .not..' Lpve vauntett not itself '— or if wo might use a word that reproduces the strength of the original, Love, does not - swagger:—1 is not putted, up, aoes. not behave' itself 'unseemly,' that is, : dis courteously. JLove' is'av.truoi(jentleman, and all tho etiquette of social -intercourse is an attempt to prdduoe'in form arid ap' pearanco what Love'alone can'produce in fact and reality. ' Love-seeketh not its .own, is. npt:proydkod,, taketh not-account of evil,' or, as' we inigh't 'say,' does i hot i make a memorandum of; evil, forgets as soon as it- forgives-. 'Eejoiceth -not in unrighteousness,' but rejoicetb; in the truth, beareth all thingsl1— or,--- as- tho margin expresses' it, ''covereth' all things,' cpyereth with'1 protecting By'mpatliy those , ,who have no helper-^-' even as a hen covereth her own brood under her .wings!' 'Love belieyeth all things, , hopoth. . , all things, enduret'h all things;' In a word, Love is jkindness itself, does good to all men, in all ways, to the uttermost. '. Love| is Christ-likeness, for Christ was the very! embodiment of the Divine quality which St.- Paul has now described to;us.- ? ? , I was once very, much struck by a criticism which I heard'ih Scotland re spectinga devout.. and esteemed member, of the Christian Church. It was said of : him: 'He is very good, but somehow or other ho does not. remind oiie of Christ.' Now I understand the mystery. He had many noble and Christian qualities, but' he did not exhibit that peculiar form of disinterestedand absolute Love which is the ' distinctive ? mark of the Christlike mind.1 You may possess great virtues, and may render great services without ity but in its absence . you cannot',' be liko St. Paul exhibits the permanence ,of Lovo bytheifact that it ' never faileth,' abideth, is a true immortal. Having, in the first place, ? shown that all other great gifts are valueless without love ; having! in the second place,1 exhibited the de lightful qualities of love itself, he now finally reminds us that in a world of change and decay .there is one thing;; and one only, that is real, and persistent, and indestructible, and that is Love. ,' Love never faileth ; but whether; thbre be pro phecies, they shall f ail ; :whetlier there bo tongues, they shall cease ; whether- there bo knowledge, it shall be done away.' Prophesying, preaching- in the power of the Holy Spirit, the miraculous gift' of tongues, and oven 'knowledge itself, will vanish away. Let us note tue'full import n . 1 ? i i ? - ? TT i- , ? * ? ? - i 'it? ? '_ ot this xasc saying, it is, very scarDiing, ;and worthy of special; attention,' in an ago jmadly ; enamored of' intellectualism, ' St. Paul never despises the human intellect, never disparages- reason, never under values any form of knowledge,, but .in. the ? profound -passage which - concludes this chapter; ihat great- thinker: reminds us that the highest and bast knowledge wo , how ' possess . is -both.lpartial and super ficial, and is. destined to, pass;away.i- The knowledge fwhioli wo possess in .this life will not abide for ever, but whenit'ihas. 'dono'its temporary work will.fail— first.) because we aro children, and have child ish views; and, secondly, because we .'riowsee'in a mirror darkly, 'we know 'in- part arid we prophesy- in.part,;'but: when; that which is perfect is come, that' which is in. part shall bo' done away.' Wlion I was a child,', adds St. Paul, by way of illustration, :',I spake as'a child, I felt as a child, I thought as a child; now that I am become a man, I havo put away child ish things;' and just as. the limited notions of childhood pass away, or are. transfigured in 'a higher knowledge when wo reach man's estate'; so when we pass into the fuller life of the future! the thoughts which now possess us will pass away or tako totally different shapes'. _ Again, St. Paul points out that our views are not only superficial and limited |by the fact that we-,are of yesterday, 'more ohildren, but thb knowledge itsolf.. .which we now possess is not real; know ledge. ' As ho says, ' We see in a mirror darkly.' Ho uses as an: illustration the looking-glasses for which Oormth was famous. They wero smooth flat plates of 'bell metal, a mixture of. copper and' tin,; ! which, when polished., were whitor than' i silver, but the image; unon.them yras' dim land indistinct. This' dun. ,and indistinct dmago which men saw. in .tho looking-j glasses of antiquity fitly represents the notions which fill our brains to-day. This illustration must romind evory classical reader of Plato's similar illustra tion of the Cave. Plato represents all men as sitting in a cave bound hand and foot, with their faces . turned ; away from the light, unable to move their- heads and to gaze upon realities,; seeing only the images cast upon the sido of the cave by pbjects that crossed tho mouth of it. The samo idea has been finally, taught to all thoughtful men by Kant's distinction be tween things in themselves and pheno mena—the appearance of things. Paul, Plato, and Eant are right. , We dp not at present behold realities; we see, only shadows and images of the things that are. ' Now we see in a mirror darkly, thent'faco to face; now I know in part, but then I shall know even as I also have beenknown.' ? ' - Here we might venture to address a gentle' word to theologians, if there are any about. It would be well for. these gentlemen to remember that many of the theological controversies which have shattered the moral unity of Christendom, and postponed the triumph or (Jims t tor generations, have turned around words which, perhaps, to some extent wo can apprehend, but which no man living can comprehend. Let us not speak dogmati cally of things with respect-to which our present knowledge is exceedingly imper fect. Some time ago Mr Mill astonished ordinary mortals by stating ' that ho was not quite sure that the multiplication table was true, everywhere. There was inextinguishable laughter' at the notion that twice two might possibly ibeifiye! in some. .other sphere .;i but the more recent discoveries ottnq mcuor mamemauca on tirely justify Mr (Mill's statement,-,.;iEven the certainties of -mathematics may -be; due'toour existing inental» condition 'arid circumstances, and not' to -the eternal necessities of things. , We aro sufficiently ? familiar with ;the fact that, the 'outward; world is passing-away;. We'. all believe, with Shakespeare, that .,', ., j' .,.,.,; Like the'baseless fabricof a vision! ?? .?'?'' ; The cldud- cappecl ';t'qwers;' the' 'gorgeous ; ..' V palaces, ', '- ?' .'. ; ' ' ' ?, ,- '? ?;';;? '.! ?' The solemn' temples, the groat' 'globe it-, ; .'self, . .' \ .'.,',''.;,,' . ' ?;?.' . ; ' ; - Yea, all which.it inherit, shall dissolve, ... ; And, like the, .insubstantial pageant1 ?? faded, .. .. .;.:. ,..';?'. :: ?? : Leave not a. rack, behind; .- - *,. ?. i ., But very .few^men nave, yet grasped the fact that the inner w.p'rld, of thought,; as well, as, the, outward .material vgj'qild,' will pass, away ; that..; our notions are as' temporaryiand transitional as. the , planet' upon which wo stand; that ,even: onr mental activity is controlled and limited by the fleeting conditions of this mortal life. ' ' .' ' ' ' ??'?:'?.':-. ?? .' WhatT .you exclaitni :' will nothing ab'ide, not even our thoughts P is' every thing temporary ? is, everything delu sive?,', No! There. are three things, anil threo things only which will 'abide, and those three arc one... :! Now abideth faith, hope, love ; these three;, and the -greatest of theses is- love.' : Faith will abide, becsuse wo shall never exhaust the pos sibilities of happinesss ; Love will abide(i because it is an emanation of God and can not die. Andtheso three are one. For Lbyo 'bolieveth jall things.; hopeth all things.' Faith , and , hope spring 'from Love. . Money, learning, power, fame,1 are all fading away. Love cannot fade away because God is Love. , This is the spear of Ithuriel iwhich at once, compols everything to resume, its -.proper shape and to reveal its true character. Lovo is the final test. I read the other da^ of a girl, a convert Erom heathenism, in rtho ;Sandwich Islands, whero Fathor Damien lived. ' She liad a'clds's of little children, , and she wished, to know, which of, them continued heathen and which had. ac cepted.. Christianity... .In .her' simplicity, uncomtaminatedby conventionalities and traditions which mislead us, she said to each child in. her class,'. 'Do you love your enemies ?' ' If tbe child answered ' Yes,' the unsophisticated teacher said, ' Then you are a Christian; stand here.' If the child answered, 'No,' slio said, with equal decision, 'Then you are a heathen ; stand on the other side.', Thus did the- girl in the Sandwich Islands. divide the, sheep, from the. goats, and .thus, will her Saviour divide, them on the last dav.- : ?? ? :?'??'. ? ? ' ? ? ' ' The only question which remains for us- to consider is this, How can wo attain this divine life ? How can we secure the summ%im hpnum—- the' highest good, tho greatest, of 'all blessings P- It is the monopply of God. ','. He' can give it to i us. We cannot generate, it;' ,, We, .cannot borrow it. from any other.'! ; It is His and, Jlis only. St., Jfaui, speaKing ? pi ? tms; said :,';The. love, of God,, hath .-been.-. .shed; abroad'iin oux;heartsi'thrpugh the.,. Holy: Ghost wluoh is given unto us.' This docs not mean that tne revelation of the lore bfGod has awakened a responsive love ia. ,our heart. It moans that the veritable; love.1 of God 'itself is poured into our hearts, which thoreupon beoomo ' tho living channels through which that divine love'flows from God through us to all our fellow-men, who are dying for the want of it. This is the living sap which.' flows from Christ, tho True Vino, into the branches. Well did St. Ignatius of Antioch say, 'The blood of Christ is- love ;' and we drink His blood when wo admit His love into our souls, when we allow His blessed Spirit to fill our hearts with the very love of God, the very love' with which God contemplates and; cherishes all living things, that there is no room for selfishness thoro. And this is tho very essence of Christi anity. We aro Christian just so far'!as the Love of God has been reproduced, in. us; just so. far as wo love one another in the very samo way in which God, that is i Christ, loves us. There aro many de lightful signs that after ages of strife and misery wo are coming to realise that this, and only this, is true Christianity^. The three men wlio have most deeply stirred. i the hearts arid consciences of our genera tion are Lord Shaftosbury, General. Gordon, and Father Damien ; threo men, who, in different ways, have been living embodiments of this disinterested, all embracing, absolute, Lovo. When the spirit which animated them animates all who profess and call themselves Christians, tho final triumph of Christie anity will be at hand. Our faith overran the entire JRoman Empire, and overcame the gigantic resources of heathenism, be cause all men were compelled to exclaim ' See how these Christians lovo one anothor !' When that cry is once more extorted from the nations, the kingdoms of this world will become the kingdom -o£ Jesus Christ, and tho glory of God will fill tho whole earth. .: 