Fanny, the Colt. . L:Ulo Fanny was motherless, having been dhecvered in an open'field beside her dead mother. Before Bbo was a year old abo could open the door to her own room and go to bed alon9. She did not quite understand the fastenings from the iijeide, and had to bo let out in the morning; The children, there were six, thought her a most wonderful baby, and claimed her as their own. The boys had taught her to take ill their caps with her teeth, shake bonds with her fees, and do many other cuio things. But when olio was four years old she had to work, for Fanny was only a horee, offer all. Never wss she driven except by one of the family, ami she realty acted as if she liked to go. When the buggy was drawn out she would give a little pleased whinny ana etep daintily about ns il impatient to be off. And when once on the road disliked, of all things, to take the dost from another vehicle. The ohildreu were a eroupy set, and a physician was often called, Fancy being the horse to be ridden every time ; and so well had she learned what was wanting if a saddle wes placed hastily upon her back, sho only waited for a rider, and without a hint from the rein, bounded eff in the direction of the doctor’s office; returning, the jogged leisurely home. It was a sad day for the family when one morning no glad whinny greeted the one who went to feed her. She had been stolen. Two other horses had been taken from a neighbor at the same time, and bo bemoaned them as so rnuoh money lost. . Bat the joint owners of Fanny grieved as if airiend were dead; to her it’ might be even worso than death. “ For how ooald the taker be other wise than cruel ?" they asked. A thorough search was made., but no clue obtained, and the horses were given up ns lost. The older children strove to be brave, bnt tho younger ones could not keep br.ok the tears when speaking of “ poor Fanny,” and the mother was shocked one evening to hear four-year-old Bessie add to her infant prayer: “And please, God, eend Fanny k~She kissed the child tenderly and whis-' pored ; “ If we cannot havo Fanny we will have another horee to take her plaoo, my dear.” "But it wouldn’t be her, mammal I want just FanDy,” and she laid her face in mamma’s lap and sobbed, as she had done many times sinoe the loss. A few drys later, ns the family were at breakfast, Nora, the girl, rushed into the room, exclaiming : “ If ■ ye plass, mum, Fanny’s in the stable, or olse ’tia her ghost, sum ! 1 wint to find the elo’ce-pins lost last night, and as I wint a-near the barn I beam a whin-now as like horn as two paso, and”— but before she had ooncluded every seat was empty and all had hurried to tho barn. The stable door was opened, and forth stepped Fanny to be hugged and kisced-as never before. - She still-wore her baiter, from which a broken strap dangled, showing how Bhe had released herself, and, once free, her presence in her own stall was no mystery; An officer -.was duly notified, and taking her tracks he went about five miles along the becoh of the lake, where, in tho bluff over hanging a ravine, ho fonnd a sort of cave where tho two-other horses wero otill tied. Fanny had broken her baiter, opened the wide door that swung in, pushed her way through the brush piled against it, and hurried hom6 to her own stable. . The horses must have been taken to their hiding-place by being led along the water’s edge to„conceai their tracks, and their food conveyed to them by boat. -The thief was not eaught, more is the pity. Evidently seeing the signs of Fanny’s esoapo be was only too glad to escape himself. The owner of the two horses suggested that Fanny ought to have a medal, but npon being shown a lump of sugar Bhe uttered a decided neigh, and then munched her augar in (Hence, 