TB WATawLON DLVESIObNAL'eOAnnD. To e-Editor of the Queesmarids se :' 8 ,t-Thereuik a. great hub-bbotabosl the Walloon Divisional Beard ;;-bst I oan say that ther"is 'morb workoing. on 'in that BoAld thee in any. other board in QpeenslandJout it is olt with the pick and shovel.~ .Tbe work that is done is like the shepherd's dog,'Withthe tongue-1. Tallegalla dam is hard on the inembers.'2. A tool.-toreforNo. 's toole,-for, theoverseer to talkestook Thetmemb& hatS' a good talkover that. The was notool-hboees when the three division?shad day-work ; but I can see nteakere; ahead. .4 day-gneoga w good for aeallin. ?ooan see further abe ; if all fruit fails, -welcome house. So upi ith the tool-houee; speo?, the money; keep on the gang.. 8: The overseer'. eappinteneat- wa a hard bit. of work ; Trpnleen gained the day, but pfoposed to resign in favour of G. He is a very clever fellow; he knows what he ??,, about4um't L cah-tell the members that&,if I had.snything to do with the Board;d Woulg not allow. their humbugging tricks. Surely Betttel,. Miller, Hardgmse, and Ponting are white men. They now thes properi ma,,. whorawe all know, and who has proed .ip ? self ;. ena it is a pity ti ee the ratepyer money aent. in. auh a' disgriosfatl: t??me o I hope tat the rtepaser of No. .1, 2,andy 3 willpause over th s letter. Thaning you, Mrrditor, foir your valahs. A HETY BATEPAYEI..: The following inoident I igiven on the anthoityof theev.a.Wallace M'`nplleo,viae. president of the Irish'Wealeyan Conferene :- "Some time ago a friend of his, a gentleman, in legl praectice, wasepmoding a brief holiday. at.Elebridga Wtlls,.ead on a certain Sabbath, whilst attending the* Wesleyse piec off worship, was norpasled to see the Marqism ofl Saliobnry' pmep Meeting ?ie iord ? p. afterwardson tderd 'a .Continental tJet c., and enrincg into.ooaereation, the gýnlssnan remarked that .ha, had the pleasure of eae. ,iBg his lordship.ea a worshipper at the We~a ' .leyan chapel ,at. Tonbridge Wells. he m earqule said he, was there. He wee paeing along the road,4and, seeag the peae/ dtihng in,' uppoeing,it wes an Epieopeli nl be followed. However, he quickly found out, his mistake.butwas very much pleased width the service throughout. The eari?.osorr, ia was at 3nse accoated by a benevolent, old gentleman, an ofeoial of the oburok, who, shaking hands with his lordship? inqplrerdifhe was a stranger. The marquie havna replied inthe atrmatise, hia iaterioeltor.j i , '"save you joined.oleos yet?' * No,' said tha macquie, Snot yet.' Wherepon . the old gentleman ,invited hinm to a society ohme whiach met weekly at hajown private residence, and said how glad, he would be to sea hm there. Welt,'said the marquis,. 'I, have not made up mn mind to join a Waeleyaa close yet.' The old. gentleman, stilml ignorant of whom he was addaes?ing, invitedba lordship to remain to the admianetration of the. Lordf Supper which was to follow the service ; but Lore Salisbury said he had another engagement.. Taenig to the gentlemanon.boerd the steamer, he aid, 'If that is the way yoa Wealeyane look after strangers, I do not wonder you ga9 an asyon do.' " The Bundaberg correepDedent to the Mawr.' borough Chronifieays :-We regret to obaasve Sthat people are everywhere lamenting the terrible stagnation in hBaines, and oveopne takes an ultra-pemaimiseio view of affaire.. The,. reaction from the resooA land boom is earnestt that on Saturday hlat, when an estate was offered, which sir meathb ago would have been. snapped op immediately, not a single. bide wae made and the eata? remaine unsold, As we recently progoostieate', several semll, fuma have given up the ghost and sank beneath the troobled waves of the financial sea Now it is .. feared that them petty failures are beginning. to aneot the larger concerns, by which they werenspported,and a bigger fature iaespeoted : Even a this dose not ocour economy will b' rigidly enforced, rendering the obtaining of eredit or the transaction fa beinasis by ordi nary methods somewhat diff~elt We are not foed of raining the cry of " atltking flath but thetruth moust be told, and with thealmom. total absence of the suagar orop, the low grie of copper, the depression on srdevold, and tb. land boom reaction, the outlook is imewba looy. Tim? will be hard for a pepa 