A NIGHT AND A MIORNING IN A SWISS PASS. We had neijly reached the end of our all too brief holiday among the peaks and passes of Switzerland when, one evening, at the-close of a somewhat toilsome excursion, we arrived at the hotel at which we hoped to find hospitality for the night. In our party were two ladies, a London suburban vicar, a Yorkshire woollen manufacturer from Htlifar, and two or three others who need not be distinguished. Already we had more than one mirth provoking adven ture, and when we reached the hotel we were in a mood to catch and to enjoy the humorous side of everything, and to make the best of what ever circumstances might be in store for us. The proprietor of the hotel received us with much politeness, but was plunged in grief that he had to inform us that the hotel was full. Dinner, of course, we could have, but as to beds, that war simply impossible. However. at the end of a long parley be undertook to provide for us some kind of sleeping accommodation, if we did not mind a little inc?nvenience. We did not mind anything, except the incon venience of bei'ng comptlled to go on, and glaidly, therefore, accepted his offer. The dinner was real and met with keen appreciation, but the sleeping accormmodation was phantasmal. We soon saw what had been in the proprietor's mind when lie told us that the hotel was "full." Before ten o'clock tables were removed and portable belsteads of various sizes and conditions were dragged into the sallc manoriiger. But we looked at each other out of the corner of one eye, bitterly conscious that not one of these shake downs was for us. It was too true. We fell to laughing, the only way of raising our spirits, which, despite the cheerful mood in which we entered the hotel, began rapidly to sink, as we began to realize whatthe experiences of the nigat would be. The two ladies had already retired, not to bed, but to a corridor upstairs, where they were to sit or lie all night on a stunted little asfa, which might have held two persons fairly well if their bodies had terlinated at the ribs; and this with a freezing temperature round the hotel, about which the ice lay thick. The floor of our hostelry was indeed really higher than much snow in the pass that never melts at all. But to return to the gentlemen. Fortun ately it seemred that most of us were disciples of tile immortal Mark Tapley. We not only remained of sound mind, we were hilarious. Indeed our mirth increased in exact proportion to our discomforts ; nor were we yet half so mirthful as we were to be. Laughing was all very well, but when I saw one sofa, three feet long, rolled in for four of us, and when, follow ing upon this the London vicar put three cane bottomed chairs together, and announecd his intention to pass the night stret:ched out on those, with no further covering than last Thursday's Daily Ncres, affairs, I thought, had reached a critical position. So to the landlord we go. We must have another couch of some kind. Well, he would try. IIe tried: and a long box with a cushion fastened to the lid, was dragged in, much to the annoyance of some of the foreigners just falling asleep. They groaned heavily, and" some of thetc would have turned over in their discon tent but the beds were too small to allow of it. Now, who was to sleep on the cushionedl box top 1 Our friend the vicar adhered to his intention of passing the night on three chairs, but of this we would not hear. We had too much rever ence for the venerablo institution represented in his amriable person, and almost by main force we removed him from the perilous frame-work ntila stretcher. iMy bTehelor friend consortetf with the Halifax gentleman on the armchair sofa. By anr ingenious arrangement of their lower limbs they managed to get three parts of tlemselves on the sofa without lying in each other's laps. For myself I had already maudo my bed by laying a knapsack on the boards. But b delothes of some kind must be found for us. We rmight sleep on bare boardis, but we must have something more than our walking suits to sleep in. There was nothing for it but to make a general levy all over the house. The proprietor having exhaustced his resources, those of English dtring must be tried. I begged a short jacket of the BLoots, and this I threw to the vicar amid peals of laughter from our two friends on the couch, who now lay like interlocked signal levers at soume railway cross ing, neither havring the power of independent motion. I next secured front some one a big Inverness cape, and this fairly covered the two aforesaid, while a thick ordinary coat completed the vestments of the vicar. These foraging ex cursions, from which I returned each time with a bundle so ridiculous as to set our party in a roar, reached their climax when I secured lor my own bedding an immenese door-nmat, hard as timber, and the dried skin of a chamois. This latter convulsed the house, for it bore a ghastly re semblance to the dead anional. The shape of the head and tile eye-holes were well preserved, while tire trotters of the poor goat dangled from both ends and made an unearthly pitter-patter on the boards. "Silence! " A heap of bedclothes in one of the portable shake-downs writhed discontentedly and emitted the above interjection in a voice of thunder. We were sorry for the foreign gentleman who shouted, but really we could not help laughing. Tihe spectral chamois, entering in the dim lamp. light, and making death faces about the vicar's box-bed, was too inuch for mortal rierves. The gruff foreigner had Iris lied. We had only our laugh. Did Ire want to rob us of that ? Quiet having been temporarily restored, I sought my knapsack, and in getting into posi tion could not help observing that tihe floor boards of the Hotel do la Furka had not been planed to the symmetryof the human form ; but let that pass. There vas a knapsack for the head, boards for the back, and a door-mat and a cha:mis skin for covering. The one draw back to the rmat was its inhllxibility. It would not touch anywhere, pullt it as one might, and the least clbage of position in tihe would-he sleeper caured it to tilt over on to the boards. As for thie skin, it, too, wars far from close titing ; and alihough the movements of tile body did not send it flying across tie floor, thley yet had the unhappy effect of knocking the trotters against the boards nith a spirit-rapping sound thalt rmade one's hair stand on end. In spite of the friend whlo hadI calledl "silence," every incident connected with mysettling down for the night provoked tlhe mirth of my better placed comrades. They, lapped ir comparative clover, andi kuowing that little sleep awaited them, gave themsehles up to enjoyment at my expense. Still we mu-t have falleon asleep, for I re member awaking an hour or two afterwards and becoming conscious of dusty, mouldy odours, and a sensattion of graduarlly freezing to tihe boards. I gave a turn, sharking chills and chamois off at once, and again slept. But at earliest dawn a startling peal rang through the room, bed, sofa, box, and door-mat tremrlced, end a sudden crcakina of bedrlsteaOds anid rustling of clothes told me that everybody was getting up-- but myself. The sound was thie horn blown at sunrise, calling visitors to see the Alps of the Yalais lit with the rose-flame of morning. Dear to ooe's heart is the daybreak painted on the snow of a hundred peaks, but for a momenrunt a fearful struggle raged unuer tihe chamois skin. Wiy shoul II go out in the cold? Had I not been in the ci-ld all night ? Mly eyes were closed, but 1 heard some visitors step over me on their way out, and one of them sair to another, " Look !" Yes, there was no doubt something to look at. Probably within the four wails of most menageries a more ex traordinary object would not bhe found than the tourist who oceasioocd this touching reference. But the next moment I ws putting on my boots and hastoning out. I found a crowd gazing at a scene the same in its nature as I had seen foem the dormitory windowr of the Grimsel Hospice, but on a scale of mogeificence not possible there. The rays of dawn had here a hundred miles of corhtry on which to throw their frescoes They seemed to shoot westward from tome pool of light hidden about the St. Gothard, touching with the ineffable rose-blush of an Alpine mo:ning every white mountain on their way. Thire glos w ns on the Leekihorn, the Gletscherhorn, the Salenstock, thie mllit thorn ; and far away over the Rh6ne valley the highest rampart of IEurope red-cted the splen dour from MIonto Ross to the giants about Chamounix. It was only four a.tu. yet, and our beds were not tobe ready until eight. Why return from such a sigit to that salle im manorjr where so woeful a night had been spent with the chatter ing ghost of the chamois ? Why not stay out and go higher l So we went higher, over the spurs of the Fmukalborn, until a face of broken rocks were reachoel rom which .ve grin:d our heart's desire. The sight was almost more than the unrcsted nerves could betr, and a strange half fear of fulling into depths thirty, fifty, and even seventy miles away--b, t seeming to he quite near--made one hold to the rocks and plant the iron-point of one's staff more firmly. There wits no danger, only a sense of being drawn do. n into the gorges that opened sub. limely to south, south-west, and west. On the right the Shreekhorn (13,386) anl the Finster. arruhorn (14,026) stretched their shapes above the glaciers like headless eagles with outtpread wings. In front, below rue, gaped tie gorge of the Mlutthorn. But what mnade the heal swim with a delirious awe was the opening up of the ice-depths between the masses of the Weisshorn and the Matterhorn. Thlough. fifty miles away, the height and lustre of these Alps exposed them to clearest view from theplatform --8,500 feet high--on which I stood. One gorge seemed to open beyond another; one abyss turned and shelved into aby.Sses more measureless, until the Foul of the spectator felt half constrained to yield itself to the immensity around and be lost in the nothiireness that seemed its due. From the beatitudes, however, hunger and weariness brought us down. Breakfast was followed by the long looked-for bed, where one slept with a business-like determination to make up arrears. No grisly death's head seared the angels from the pillow, no leaden doorirnt weighed upon the veins. Rising about two o'clock mid-day, the hotel seemed frozen, though a hot sun was shiuiny, and it was the nineteenth of August. All lope of organized devotions for that day was gone, The vicar and his friends, and even this blithe child were still lapped in slumber. One must either go back to bed or walk; it was too cold to sit about in tourist costume. Most unwillingly I left the hotel behind, My friend weas to catch me up by diligence at Hoslpenthall the next morning, when we would cross the St. Gothard paes together, and spend Mondry night at Airolo. Joyfully I strapped on the knapsack and struck out for Realp. The blood began to flow more warmly, and the raptures of solitude in the mountains found their way into heart and speech. It was the only Sabbath service I could have, and as, bounding doen the steep road, I offered at the altars of the heights such sacrifice as I could. Walking is sometimes not mere walking, but the whole nature, body, soul, and spirit, in religious exercise. Try that bit of road from the Fl'rka to Realp. It is only eight and a hall miles, but it has a glorious fall of nearly 3,000 feet in that distance, and fromnt beginning to end it is a platform from which the eye looks out upon what inspires. All the empty diligences wanted to pick one up, but it was worth a fee to be put into a dusly coach. Tile driver ought to pay who en such a road packs you away from the smiling creation. The last three miles into Realp are a series of barrel- hoop curvings in the road, which the foot passenger avoids by going sheer down the grass track. lHe has strong knees if he does not somretimes go down on that track. The road here is the counterpart of the Fftrka Zigzags. It gives a beautiful view of the Ureeren Thal, a valley straight as an arrow, and watered by the Realper Reues fronr Realp to Anderimatt. Above it, northward, the bayonetspires of the Spitzli berg and the Batzberg broke the sky-line, while, on the south side, steep grs.sy slopes pastured many a tinkling herd. The faint cow-bells gave a spirit-like hush to the dusk, and one olten paused and strained the sight to catch some glimpse of the herd-boy and his shadowy charge far aloft in the gloamrine. Matthewr Arnold's charming lines were remermbered: In front the awful Alpine track Clitmbs up its rocky stair ; Tie autunr storm-minds drive the rack Close o'er it in the air. Yet, though the virgin mountain air Freshl through these pages blows, Though to these leaves the glaciers spare The roul of their whlite snows ; Though here a mo:r ta n uormr r swells Of many a dark-bougiecd pine: Though as youe read, you tlar the bells Of the higlh- psturrrg kinc ; Yet, through tle humt of torrent lone, And bretding mountain bee, There sobs I know not what ground-toeo Of lhumr n agony. Tr. o,, no:,-lv dark ta T hurried through Realip, but seerg a curch door open cesorcu. Two very old women of the village were hand ling their rosaries and muttering prayers near the door, but the church was otherwise empty. One thing I could cee in the deep shadow, and that was a carved aren and hand extender froml the front of the pulpit, and graspirng a cross in such a way that it looked like the hand of a preacher holding the cross before the congrega tion. The d<vice was striking. The next day we threaeed the mazes of the Via T2remolu in the St. Gothard Pas., and ar rived at Airolo, on the Italian side of the Alps, about two o'clock. In the descent we were captivated by tile pine-forested elopes below us, and the fair vistas opelning far away. Our hotel was mostly full of French people, but they wcre not too French to be able to Ipelak some English, and to enter into our reports on English affairs. Airolo quarters were free from midnight spectres of dead chamois. We had good sleep, good waking, and next day a comfortable pas sage through that half- dreaded tunnel which pierces the St. Gothard at Airolo, and does not strike daylight for nearly ten miles further on at Goeschenen. This longp st tunnel in the world was far cooler and more airy than many a short tunnel of three huntroed yards in England. Twenty mrinutes was spent in going through, but conver?ation, reading, or walking from carriage to carriage could be carried on with comfort. Getting out at Altorf-the birthplace of William Tell-I spent a mermorable morning in the beautiful church and in climbing to the high p'aces of the village. From the old chapel the prospect is magniicent. Altorf, like a boat amorg Atlantic rollers, is fairly lost among the mountains. Perlhaps no place in Switzerland is more grandly enmbosomed in the tills. The march by the Axenstrasse to Briinnen was ecorchi!ig, the Iheat being renlected from the Avenstein as freo a puddler's furnace. But the grrandeur o! the tituation, thie nairno track cut in the precipitous face of thie n:ountain, ard the greren lake far below, kept one in heart. Next morning the steanmrer took us to \iWggis, from whnence we clirmbed thire Rlighi. Hlere again we had hbroiling heat, but it was only an lcirdent, and vwas so taken. Tile ascent was cthe, red by a company of the girls' school fromn SSolfingen-a piarty of about eighty of tihe healthiest, h'lppiest little girls one hal ever . seen. They went up in loose order, and were omuch amused at the good humoured offers of one of our party, convcyod in a Gierrman peculiarly hIis own, to guade them cefely to the top :nl carry all luefgge for them ! Let no one be frightened t- the Righi. Of course it is nearly t*ice the height of Snowdon, but it is more easily ascended thlman the Capel Curig side of that mountain. Clouds hung over thie remoter portions of the famous mountain panorama comnmanded at the nummnt, but there was enoueh unveiled to make the place what it really is, " beautiful for situation, the joy of the earth." Perhaps tnowhere in creation is there a fairer sight than that of Lake Cri stretehin, noetheard from the foot of tie Rii.i Its eauity eludes memory, but even if memory could retain it no words couldset it forthi. ie muset Icrleave it in its cool home till we see it nest time. Of the rest-the evening pasage over em purpled nwaters to Lucerne, the flying train to P'aris, the suliden plunge there into hruman oeorm mootione, of the streets, of political joulrnalitn , and of military preparltions--the time lhils to speak. But for one word there shall be rootit. We weighed anchor from the French rcoat in the dark, anlrd when at lengthl the dawn of lthat August morning revealed the English coast in a line of pale white cliffs, nothing we hadl seen of far-off chalet and torrent, of glacier and peak, made us loth to turn to the dear laud that bhoe us. 