General News. At the Privy Church of St. Bartholo mew the Great, West Smithfield, 21 of the oldest widows of the parish each picked up a sixpence from a dilapidated stone in the churchyard. A large con course of people witnessed the ceremony. Though there is no record of this curious custom, it has been observed for 400 years. There are no funds left for the purpose, and up to this year the church wardens have provided the means. Now a private gentleman has invested fonds to make the custom good for all time. Respecting another curious custom of the season, a correspondent says he has been drinking "Kosher " ram, and adds that he does not like it 'rticnlarly, But what is "Kosher" rum ae ask. Well, it is the only beverage aich the Jews are allowed to drink durng Passion week. The spirit is of the finest Jamaica rum 321 over proof, and has been blessed and sealed by the Chief Rabbi, and can only be had from the " Sharmer " or superin tendent, who, under the authority of the Ecclesiastical board, is authorised to sell it. The " Sharmer" in large towns en gaged a room in some public house in the locality, where moat of the members of the tribe congregate, and then Jews of every nationality and ago assemble and harve what might, without great irreverence, be termed a spiritual ' drnnk." There was a little army of the Hebrew race present at the house where the corres pondent in question presented himself anl was informed by the " Sharmer" that quite fifty gallons of the liquor would be disposed of during the holidays, which would last until Easter Tuesday at sun set. This may be regarded as an interest ing sight, and a wonderful instance of how the Jews cling to old traditions and customs. ToLerso of dwarfs, nearly the smallest living hueman being on the face of the earth is Pnygn-Fra, who resides at SLigaken, Osaka. This pocket edition of a human being is but 15 inches tall by actual measurement takea by Mr. Burns, of New York, in 1887. Ameri cans who have beenin the country 12 to 15 years, and who have known the little wonder ever since their arrival, say that they do not doubt that Pnygn is as old as he claims to be-36 years-as he has been a man in every particular, except in height, since the beginning of their an quaintance with him. The foreigners have taken him in hand, and educated him to a high standard-high oven for one of ordinar- physical capacities. He is a fine linguist, and writes a hand that a teacher would envy. A aZa BaLs mirage was noticed at Pihama during last week on oeveral oc casiona in the early morning (says the Boweras Star). One gentleman repeat edly saw visions of shadowy galloping horu in the misty cloude near the horizon, and on looking acoss the plain in another direction he saw a mob of Maori horses, whose forms he supposed were thus reflected and distorted in the sky. Out toward the sea a forest-clad island was distinctly visible, and was seen and noticed by many members of the household, Upon another occasion mir age image of houses and castlus could be seen near the moontain, and, perhaps, the most remarkable of all the phenomena was the appearance of a tall stone tower reaching to a great height in the clouds underneath Mount Edgmont. The Maoris, who had also noticed these mirages, described to him how they had all seen and watched the progress through the clouds of a ghost-like canoe, manned by the forms of many toiling giant Maoris, who rowed through the mists with great vigor, and in a most uncanny wraithlike style. ScssEx CouNTY, Delaware. is justly proud in the possession of the Misses Marine, two remarkable dwarf, who were born and reared in that country. Accord ing to a recent notice of them in the Globe, the eldest, Miss Lizzie, lacks 3 in. of being ft. tall; has a head in propor tion to the rest of her body; is very intelligent, conversing fluently with all whom she comes in contact, despite the fact that she weighed but 45 pounds, and must stand in a chair in order to put her head on a level with the shoulders of an 'teary person. But stand on a chair ..sything else she cannot, neither can ..i sister, for the reason that neither are provided with those very necessary ad jouncts to stand-bones. A sort of carti tge answers in place of the bones, enab. ling the little mites to move hands or feet with perfect ease. Both use the finger quite nimbly, doing all sorts of needle work,such as embroidery, &c.;, although the fingers may be bent in any direction desired without the least sensation of pain, being almost as pliable as so many little ropes. THE Dr. Cumming scare is again to the front, as it has been decided, in a solemn conference of "Prophets," that the world was to come to an end at twenty minutes past one o'clock on the morning of March 5th, 1896, but by what means the " end" is to be brought about is not stated. Seven years, however, leaves a considerable time for the arrangement of one'; personal affairs, even supposing there is no mistake in the calculation; but the spirit of prophecy has so mtouch deteriorated in these degenerate days, as to leave room for not a little doubt in re gard to the accuracy of the information, The prediction at least has not thus far affected the price of real estate, and if any believer in the prophecy has an estate to give away, there are many, doubtless, quite prepared to except it. on the chance of taking possession on the 6th of March, 1896. COLOssAL MAI.ADIeS,-The colonists Of Vic tortn ate to be cogratulated on two grouods. First, that they inhobit a land where diseasea as a rule, prevails in a mild and curable form, and secondly, because the majority have ready to hand a remedy that does away with the doctor and medicino cheat. This importan medicine ewas discovered by .Mr. Richard Free. man in 1844, sad named by him Chlorodyne which medicine continues to maintain its asup remacy all over the World as a Diarrhea, remedy for the treatment and cre ofspecial and Dysentery, Cholerine, Malaise, Hystcria, Pain of everykind, l erveous Affections, Gut, Asathma, Conumption, Cooghs, Colds and Fever. Insist apon baring ' Freeman's only. Tralde mark, an Elephant. Wholeeale' scents for Victoria Rocre,ToPrssrrre cD Co.,and Obtainabls from all ehemit,.-l AsDr1 