NO ROBBERY. Mrs. Christio's was anything but an uoelena ant house, and thl people who were otayiilg itl it were anything but utnpleasant. My precon ceivod notion had been that tih folks one would meet in a boarding-houso were of a doubtful sort; at the best it seemed inevitable that there would be social cats purring inquisitively and treacherouslyallabout. So it wos a welcome aurnprin to find theu ouso so dittreut fron my antlepationos. Mrs. Christio herself I knew butalightly. Sho was the widow of It mining engineer who had done good seorvice to our family in my father's days. Sit hadl set up a boaoingghouso on ltnssol street, tond whtct it hlppened that 1 ihad to go up to town to consult my old college friend Marton, now a barrister, about sonmei business, instead of putting up at mty usual quarters, I went, at liy mother's request, to Mrs. Chtristieo', not without some nIsgivings about the wisdom of the stop I was tahking; but I thought that anyhow it wouhl be a new ex poeroco ; and that was just what it did prove to be eventually. The company was mado up of an Indian army doctor tnud his d utghter, site being a damusel fair to look uponr; two spinsters from Shropshire; a west country parson and his wife; Mrs. Christio's nephew, it clerk inl a bank; myself, and a couple about whom no one knew any. thing-save ~lrs. Christie, and she not much but whom every one allowed to be the most charming and delightful people they had met for many ar day. Mr. and Mrs. VWalcot hadl travelled much, and were evidently well read, but they neither wearied- one's ears with the glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you with talk about books they had read and you hadn't; they made no display, and thourthl brilliant convorsationalists, they were just the pleasant kind of people in whose copnruy you could sitwithout wanting to talk at all y you Ie was a tall, sparoly built man, well set up, with regular features, a mall of line bearing, yet not quite like a sohlier; she was hardly so distinguished looking as her husband, hardly so handsome ; her features just missed regularity, but eyes and mouth had a fascinating plqulanney of expression which made her the most attractive woman I had over met: I thought so then and I think so still, though I have considerably ex tended my experiernco sines thoseo days when my nmother guarded lier flledgling from tile alttaecks rapacious or insidious, of every breed of harpy. But thle most pleasin, trait in this couple was that though so d laitry devoted to one another, and mltistlod with their own company, they were not wholly eaten up with mutual admira tion; their naturo seemed to have It sympa thetio feeling that molded itself to suit the dispositions of those around, without sacrilicing its own individuality. No wonder all liked them; I was particularly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed ir either looks or style; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and my father's face; hadu it booeen the other way about, I should doubtless have Iroven the social success which I was painfully conscious thlt I now was not. And it must have been out of pure good terture that they were so friendly, forI had made it a point with mrs. Christio-whother she kept her pro mise I don't know-that slhe should say nothing to her guests about Earnshaw fall, or the mines, or thie plate and picturest or my mother's famous diamonds, or the glores of a country house that women love. The only one who did not takokindly to them was Marton. On the Thursday after we had concluded our business I preovailed upon him to dine with me at Mrs. Chnstlo's, and 1 remember noting how everyone seemed to be at llhis or her beet; oven Marton's severe features relaxed, and he showed himself almost more than courteous to the Indian girl, between whom and one of the Shropshiro apinsters he was sitting, oevidently quite satisfild with his environent, as he owned when I was ' setting hila back,' as they say in the North, to his chambers, ' but, ' But me no buts ; what is wrong now ?' Why, those people to whom you have taken so violently, the Waleots.' ' What about them, Mfr. Sensor?' ' They gave e an uncomfortable feeling; not that they look uncanny, but I am haunted by the ghost of some fortding reminiscence, as if I had seeo that woman's eyes before-and I am sure I have-but when or where I cannot recollect; and I arm equally sure they were coni nected with sometlhing shlady-what that, too, was I cannot bothink me; a hazy, indefinito recollection it was, but one that clung to me all tlhe while.'. ' Iay I ouggost dyspopsifP too hard work indoors, too littlo exercise.' ' Maybe you are right, but do you, too, useo a pinch of caution in cementing your now friend slhp. Good-niglht.' IL. A. few evenings before I went Ihome, as Walcot and I were in the smoking-roon, I naked him if he would not bring Mrs. Valcot down to Earnshaw for a few days. It was near the aend of May, the May fly- fishing would be on during the next ten days, so that hore would bo something to do beside seeing the country, which wi s magnificent ; there wore a few allow places for thleso who mared for them, and tihe soaon was in its prime for drives over htlo hills. I put forward nall the attractions of lho pines to idurco ]dmi to cornme down ; I culd see tlhat M?rs. W?ilcot could hit it off with my not too easily pleased mother, espe cially because being married she could not possibly ie it sirenl andi the mar lihd plenty to tallk about, yet never tired one with talking of himself. I was rather surprised then when Ithe hsi tated about accepting an invitation so untro sorvodly given. hy slhould hise stammer, and I thought, positlivly blush and lhesitte alout so simple a matter, especially as at first he seemed eager tocome, for his face had lighted; up cheorily,but was obscureddirectly afterward by a gloomy look, almost one of sadness. there wase certoinrly a tone of f.istressin his voice as Ithe said, ' You are very kind. I and my wife--I know I can speak for hto-- ehould greatly like to come northward, but it is scarcely possible.' This cames with more wnrmthl of desire to accept the jnvitttion than delpthl of conviction about its Impossibility. ftersomp further pressure, ovidentlyyieldiog, at last he said . Y'ou are reanllyso friendly that it would be ,no loss ungrateful than ungsraious to keep beck from you the real roason whit we shrink from what promises: to be saoplonsant a visit; and what we have seen of you on the past week frees me from any doubt that you will not let what I tell you go further than yourself. M y wife, to whom, as you know I am dvotedly attached, s a sad affliction. Until her iunces, two years ago, there was not a trace of what would now moloe her life an intolorable burden were she not supported by our strong mutual affec tion and conflldence. After that illness she do veloped kloptomania. Till then thle most scrupulously honest and perfectly exact woman I have over Ikown, she now luss a strange pussion for secreting, not anything and every thing,, but oaly jewellery; strangely heri ailment only runs in this groove. By keeping a strict watch, I have hitherto been fortunate enough to restore whatever trinkets she has nsurreptitiously remnoved. A few intlimates only know of our troubleo, and, as they understand i how things are, we feel less unhappy; still one is anxious, and this is why we have rathier shrunk from accepting the many invitations we receive from the friends who, we beliove, havea genuino regard for us.' SI think you might reckon me among themo,' siid I, ' and now that I know and amo so to Slpak. forewarond, why should you hesitato? I could tell my mother wlhat you have told me before you conoe, ulessa '-seeing something of ia doubt in his facelo-' you would rather I didn't.' ' To tell the truth,' he said, after a pause, ' if the knowledlge could be eonlfined to yourself I tlhink it would be better. Possibly theor may be no trouble while we are with you--I am as sesaing that you would still be -illing to have us-iand then. there would be no need to have thus bared our wounds.' ' Very well; if antything does happen we shall find it out, and you can send back whatever is taken, and then I can explain it all to nly mother; and if nothing is taken, nobody will be any the wiser. You see, too, that Mrs. Walcot need not know atsything about my mother's jewels.' ' Pray, are they very valuable or attractive ?' ' Doth; and my mother is-rathercaroless, as I think, about these treasures, whicl are chiefly diamiondse she will keep them in a cabinet in her boudoir, the last ,place, .hoe sayi, where' a burglnarwould:search;if orie mcoud'gotin; the windows look'out on the cliff overtlie rivorand our sovants are trustworthy : Shepays she will not have them long, and we maust indulgo ans old woman's whims. Still we will not parade them, or oven speak of them at all, bofor MIrs.. W\Valot. ' Yes,' said he, looking relieved, ' that will be best; we will not lot her know of their existence. Adnuow thiatlouunderatandtllstsudl be lohappy to bring miy wif ; only, by the way, dlon'tlreath ia wrordlto madame to inutinate to hlet that you know wohat I have just told you; for, if sit oven suspected you kieow, nothlling oil earth wouhld inlduci her to come northvward." * So be it. My mother will write-let sue se, ths is i' Tuesdayi-you'll got her invitation on thursdahy, so that you can accept and come down, it it ults your cosnvmence, on Saturday; then our arrangeaents will fit in.' III. A fow lc:eves from my diary: ' Friday, Mayth.--M. wrote to the rWalcots ; marvellosoly civil. Signed deeds. Lunch with Marton. Walcot cheery at dinner, evidently pleased with the prospect of visit; especially Mt. ihd not forgotten to invite " Venue." ' Saturday. 31st.-Down by 10.00 express. Wonder of wondors, M. at stlation with piebald ponies; but she takes marvellously to fMrs. \Vulcot. Two days' rain. Thero'll be good water to-morrow, of course, when we mayn't fish. ' Sunday, JTunc 1.-Lively as usual, but take the Walaeol up the glon in the ovening to my favourite spot. Mr. W'alcot is enraptured with the place. ' Mondaoy, iud.-Oi" in the drizzle to fish. Really a good day, thirty-four brace of trout. \VWlcot inot half a hlad anind. lave t leave the woman-kind athomeo; hope they won't got into mischief. 'Tuesdaty, 3rd-A really good day, lifty-thrree brace and three sca-lish. If. drives Mrs. Walcot over the hill to seo the minces. ' \VWelneday; .th-Scssions. 1. . drives the Walcots to Ulleswater. At dinner telegram for Walcot. Says they, or at least le, nust go eirly to-morrow. M. wants hiin to leave manhlune till Saturday. Site consenut, keeping Venus. The dog's uelosea ls ta guard ; heard the boast nufllug in the corridor during the niglht. ' Thursday, 0tlh-Vcnus rambling again ; heard her wlthen stable clock struck two. Walcot goes. Stroll in woods all morning; teach Mirs. WVlcot to fly fish in afternoon. 'Friday, Gth-Much as yesterday, but fish with Mrs. rWalcot in morning. Drive after lunch. 'Saturday, 7th--Sco Mrs. Walcot off at eleven. Dreadfully dull day. lspso Marton aiiyhow won't disappoint me; lie's sure to cemo an I linked hhn, now the W\Vlcotr have gone. 'Sunday, 8th-As per usuial- t-yet I survive. 'Monday, 9thl--Hero's. a straIgo matter: Watlcot writes that after all she did take my mnother's diamonds; luckily he'found it out immediately on her arrival, antd has sent heavily insured by train from Leamington to Penrith to wait there, not wanting to attract attention at Earnshaw by a registered packet of that size coming b lobt. Drive to Penrith, find parcel, cmighty thankful to got diamonds, qulietly re place il the clainet. Byp greatest luck M. had never discovered their aloence. ' By the way, how did Mrs. WValeot know about the dia llondso? Walcot would not tell hier, of source. Sulposio ie uad tlhe matecr got t.'king, and thely must have l.n elxhilbited onli of those days we were fishing. Can't ask I.; must wait I suppose. PeI'crhalps the poor thing felt tie I,egiuning of the craving, and concealed her knowledge from her husbanld; or, just possibly, didn't oee thrn tiltl l had gone. LIowever,, all's well that ends well. IV. Had all ended well? The night after Mar ton arso le h ialde many iniueirles, over our pipe,s about the Wailrcots, and still seeomed to Iave an unaccountablo projudico against them. It was no good to show how lmuch my mother also, thoughlt of him, and.e ho. taking, yet minpler, he wife was, till at last I grow lquite warm in denrlie of my now frimlds, and for proof positive told Marten in what a straight forward way Walcot had informed me of his wife 'failing, and how quickly he had taken p s to remedy what had euppuened. Mfarln litned very quietly to iiy argumenlts witlh his sphinx-like face, which, only as I concluded, relaxed into a grim smile almost more nggravat. hig than his former iepoenotrability. iWhat on earth makes you look like that ?' I said, a trifle holty. 'Dearboy.' said Mlarton, dryly, 'If I told you you would only be more ant,ry than you are now, so what's thre good ' ' Nay, out with it. I know I'm inclined to cluun lon my friends; but I should not, you ma lem ureo, if I had not the fullest confidenceo in tlhm.' 'That is "plain for all men to see," and you will be annoyed if I speak out, but I will rsk that, foryour wrath will soon blow over. IMy thoughts come to this: I am not sure there is not somethill wrong ahutt thbso lianmOndde.' ' Wrong ! Meow could there possibly be ?' ' I haven't analysed .the thing -clearly, yet. Havro you exomined the stones carefully emcoe ydarot thaemn back ?' 'o tell the truth, I never thought of it; only just opened tle case and laid tlillp in tlhe cabinet Is quickly and quietly as pcoslblo. But what could happeo to them P Mrs. Wlleotoenly left here oni Saturday, and the diamonds were heck on Mmonday. WVhat could hah g gone wong in that time?' V "t d v ew S'othing in that time, certainly; but--' ' But what?' ' Don't be hasty. I was thinking-- By the-way, have teoso stones been scon by an ex pYes, not two months ago. Some'faetening had come loose when we were up in London, and my mother took themn to lteskoll's; I was with her and rememlber what the man said of tllle.:' 'I'll ask on11 thing of yot, then. Lot us Iave those diamonds examined. If there is any thing wrong, it is full time you should know. If they are all right you will have a logititeate crowover me, and you may crow as loud as everyou like.' I still felt provoked with Marton, but here was a chance, indeed a certainty, of proving Iis suspicions unfounded, and lshowng that even the astute Marton was not inefallible, so I con sonted more readily than I should otherwise have done. 'AU right, but how are we to gt tlhem away to be looked iat withoutmy mother's knowinglP 'ritng a nllt over from Penrith or Carlislo when Mrs. Euston is out, and oatensibly for esome other purpose.' And this was what was done. 'hlo man for whomn I sent Ilhad more knowledge, 1m 1 kniow, than mot local jewellers, anud was safe. He cane the next afternoon, and, while my mother was paying a call, examined the paruro with Martonind myself. To my unutterable con fusion and.horror, he pronounced.the stones no stones it allt, but paste, and not very good paste, either. , Marton did not laugh now; lie was too much conlcerned about my obvious distress and annoyane. To find one's idol so utterly shettered wno n stunning blow;. but I had to aolis-o myself, for there were others to be 'con. aidered. - What on earth was to be done? The original stones were worth maunny thousands of pounds; I did not like that loss. but the prospect of my mother's troubil, when the truth became known, vexed me inflnitely more. ' Anyhow,' said Marton at last, ' let us keep it quiet for thoe sresct. I have no doubt Mr. lRawsthorue will say nothing about it to any one.' Itawsthorno, whom he had known for years, prouised silence, sid I nit sure hle septhi promiose. After he Ihad gone, Mfarton ' I don't know exactly who maeuo mo sus picious, except the conviction that I've seent that woman before and is couuection with somethinhlg that wasen't straight. You said there wasn't tino to got those stones cln?ued between the Saturday, the day Mrs. Wafcet. left Earntoaw, and the Iosodlay when you got them back. But how, if it waon t Mrs. Walcot at all who took thern on the Saturday, but he on tho-whlich d did le etnes day?' \- e;- on Thursday by Ban early train.' ' Well, if he took them on the Thursday, hlo could got them changed. by the Saturdasy night; no doubt heo had the false ones ready, or somewhere within easy reach-Birmingham, most likely; he posted them, you s:tu, in Lceauington.' 'But how could they have got the ldie mnonds ?' I made one more struggle in sy unwillingness to believe. ' I don't think that they were out of our eighlt at all, except perhaps when dressing for dinuer, and attthat time sy mother would herself be dressing in th nsext room with the intervening door open ; and when they went to bed.' ' All ! were they in bed all night ? Your bedroom is the nexto the boudoir; did your hoar any onoe enter, or any noise ?' Nothilg; I sleep sounlly-by thie way, yes, but I dil. I heardl tlhat wretched enus snuhinog about, and I told mrs. Walcot in the mornling that Venus was not much to depend on for a guardian, the creature rambled about 0o.' i ' What did so ?Pa ?-:..?--..s,_p--r--: Nothith hatI remember;. " , ' Do sure Ito got hold of them then, anidtook the dog cither to give warning, or to afford am excuse if he wore found at that side of tho hoseo by saying the dog had slipped out and Io had followed to find lier. A pretty piece of work you will havu to got thom back. If you go at him straight he will declare the stones are as his wife brought them, and that you are not acting as a gontloinna should-thit is where ho will have you-in suggesting that they have clihanged them. So often husbands havIu oldl their wives' diamonds and substituted paste that he can easily insinuate tlhat you have hald them chauged yourself to spend on lurks, without thi mator, your agont, your balker or any one being tle wiser, and he will say you lavo taken advanItagoofwhat he told you as a trusted friend; he can mako out a specious case, ind a man of that stainpi can inveint other fictions hardly less annoying. Mrs. Walcot stayed alone with you I think you said, from tie Thursday ti l the Saturday. I suplpose you don't mind Isending a hlundred or two over the business if you can only recover.them ?' t Certainly, and twico as much for the thing neverto have happoend. I can hardly plrsuade mlyself even now that they could bo guilty of such knavery.' Marton said no more, but laid hlold of a Bradshaw, and despatched a telegram, tleo reply to which gavo a plausible excuso for his going lof the next morning, and since I was too uncomfortablo to rest quietly at lhomo, I said 1 would go with him for three, or four days. lBut thero was another thing to he done; take tlhe trinketi with us wo must, yet wo could not take tlhem without my mother's knowledge. Mtfrton's readiness and decision solved the dilli culty. Hie asked 11e to show him the jewels; he then deliberately snapped a bit of the set ting, so that two of the stones were loosened. I stared inl amazesmcnt, bt lie simply said' -Wait,' and put the case back in tihe cabinet. After dinner, as it was a rainy evening, Mlarton umado as though lie wanted to be amulsed, and asked miy motlher, lilo a spoilt child, to be allowed to look at ler diamonds for a treat. Sioe was rather surprised at such frivyoity on the part of the sedate and sterln firton, lbt of course had them brought. As soon ai tlie case wasopened, and sli became aware of the accident, ly mother was loud ill her lamentation. anld lad no thought about anytlling except how tile mis. fortuial b nil ? IanlIldliod, 11d whaebt was to bo done; but slhe was somewhat pacified when Martol aiug-ested that we should take the set up to town s tho mlorning and got the misclief remedied. I wish I lad that man's promptitude asnd nerves. The next night Bsw 1us ia close conference with a detective-I hato thoso crawling creatstres, but there was nio choico-and we re view the situation. Where wero the Walcots ? Since they would doubtless brazoe it out if directly challenged, they wousld pIrobably not bl spaciulla aIxiokis to conseul tileir whereCabous. 'Ihey haid spokL n of returning to Mrs. Christie's for a coupli of days, and then visiting sonie friends beforo going over to Paris, so Mrs. Christio would probably be able to infonrm is where thloy wore. Had they tlh stones with them F 11?o guosol, ed so, nld that tlan stones wero to be disposed of ceruve the chanllcl. So no time was to be lost; if they went be yold seas. good-hyol to our chaneo of recovering theml . Itoi O11 earth %wet thley ever to be got hold of ? VI. (Letter from Mr. John Deln.) KEnLs'TOv, Juno 18, 188I . Sm,--On leaving you after receiving your instructions, I started for this place, the nearest station to Lytho Court. There is likely to be considerable dificullty in getting a foolhold at the Court,but I decided to nmka tnyapproiches es a grooi clanlsging is ple tund taking a foew days'holiday in tleo neighbourhood, having lived as a boy at Newmsarket, and knowing consider able about horios. Not to take up too mucl time to the telling, I may say I was soon at home there, and iwmad free of toe servants'-hall, where, by means of a civil tonguo with the upper servants, and a clIiruppey manner witll the aiids, behig also able to sioia lively cong, if called upon, I bcamao frendly with th lot, so could consider who was likely to be usofnl, and leanl the ways of the visitors. I found Mirs. Walcot didn't have no maid witl her; the houskeepor's nieco, who was visiting her ount, lady's.nailded her; but she was no gool, nervous, and no spirit about her. There wim a middling lot of servants, whatwith the visitors, but at last I fixed on one, ir, ais you might not think. She was lut Indian woman-a nurso-a ayah they call them, to the nieces of the mistress, Mrs. JIlailton, as had come from India in the spring. She was uncommon dark, rather small, but htr a fimi;sh look lsout her mouth, and her bueadish blI:Isk eyes missed nothing. I guessed she would niot stick at tritlos, and would know at s well as most1 our .common hulguisgo, wlich was pods, sillings, and pence ; and it seemued best to lubrciato the machinery freely. Whens we had come to an understanditig how I wanted something done partitcularly quiet. I told her who I was tand wlhat I was after, and how this couple was supposed to be in possestion of the stones known to have been changed. I wantedt her to find out if they had the stones wit them, and if so to got them into her hands, changing them if possiblo for the false ones, but anyhow,getting the stones. . And I promnied a soverosig downs ontils nail for every atone, big or little, and there was known to be 157. You should have seen her eyes glisten when I told her how tmuch it was in their money, rupees, anud Wlies I showed her the bug o shiners. I proposed we should Iprotlad to bj keeping compainy,, asnd we should liave nothing to bother us but tilh others' cLhff. heo caught on directly. That same night she told mo in the ehrubbory sho haddiscovored that Mrs. Valcot dresseil early for dinner, and always locked her trunksl before coming down, and carried thle i oys i her pocket; thoe little dog Venus slept in their room; they locked the roomn-door regularly very night, and tlhro was a small revolver in her dressing-bag. Thie ilrat upposition was that th, stones, if they liad thelr at till, were ill their trunks. This I much doubted; still the search had to be madlo, nd.uto do this either the locks must be picked or Mrs. Walcot's keys el got hold of ; the former alteonativo seemed harder, as thio lockswould probably be well made, but it. would take less time tlan waiting to secure the i keys, and time was an object. Accordingly I tilt into tile ayah'sl hands a. hunch of skeleton ova to try lhr lack with tlhe looks, and if they olfered no resostanco, to overhaul tilo. trunks that night while they were at dinuor. This venturo was successful ii one way, but not in another. The womin's skilled fingers mastered tholoeks, but there weru no diamoind. 'Plenty of pretty things, she Lsdl 'but no dinmolnds'; eho lad thowitto ose if the triunks had alny secret receptacle. I told her to examineo tli high heols of hor shoes, tlth thickl ivory hnlr bruslhe, and all coils of hair, but it was no use. . . Then ho oraho carried them about? Which f I She for choice, because if found on ier It could 1 bo attributed to kloptomalnia, which wouldn't I apply to him. Beble theo complicatlons of a i ,nwomnn'5b drns afford hiding placs wdhch the ( sOcretivetoso of her chirotcer duliylits ili. Concluding, then, that she had them about her, we had theso itiniculties to counteract: I. The prenoco of her husband. 2\. Tho little dog. 3\. Tho locked door. 4\. The rovolvor. 6\. Finding the whereabouts of the stones. 6\. Getting them.' An hour's quiet walk: in the lanes settled my plans. I concluded that the business must be dono at night, if it, was to be done without resorting to violent measures, and - I. The husband nmust be got away for one night. n2 Venus mulst be dosed with a soporific (and her mistress, too, if necessary). 3\. I knew howr to overcome this. .1. The mechanism of the revolver must he disarranged or the cnrtrirges dampedl. I and ii depeirtded ont the ?kill anrd. nervo of the aylah. AndI the steps I decided to hike with regard to each plarticular wore these't. I. To get the husba;d off the ground, he nluat be summoned away olsewhltherto bIt it telegrnam ; but from whlnm, so tlhtt he wouldi believe it genuinte atd t;t on it ? I sot alltyat, that was her name, to watch the lotter-bag not that Ih was very likely to entrust anytling important to that, which anyono might seeo and then strolled down to pick up what scraps of information I could by hook or crook art the post-office. And hero Y had a fine piece of luck. As I entered the office, whom iwould I see hbut MAr. WValcot himself, just handinig in a telc"rai:n. * What's this atlle ? Barrett, is it ?' asked the ofiecial. ' Yes, it's plain enough,' ?wl theo rirly in ii asharp tone of annoiyanee. Ii, a, r, r, o, double t,' slowly spelt tihe un. moved operator, ' and are these letters E. C. ?' Yiescarot you read?' replied Mr. Waillot, very wr:athfuly. ' E.C.' reoeated the man in the same monotonous way as before; ' aflix the stamp, Ilease.' This was the.last straLw. \- myou,' said m geontletman,l r d quitted t-heofice, sla.umrin tie door; tihe telgraph mail had to lick the stamps himsolf. Tlat wasn'lt sy business though I'd have licked a lundrret samps fr or the inforioatiou"'I iar g.toIetunriog at onte.to mry;rooms;" Iwrbte message without fail next day,'rbh;somo offiloe in thie E.C. diatrict: '-To WaVlcot, Lytho Court, Ktmpstor. Meet me at the Granld 10 to-niglit. larrett;' siad I also i'dked him to desptilch this at 0.30 next night: ',WYalcot, Graml hotel, Trafalgar- squtare. Had. to go suddenly, Paris. Barrett.' I should thus got Walcot away, and too lato for himn to roturn that night. lie would come baick next day without having his srs picions utduly roursed, and without hunt itg lrt Iprrrett. wrhorver ieto was, supposing h]im off for Frriice. I guessed hue would htike the halit, becausoe iho seemed riled at.any one hearing Barret's slname in the telegraph office. I warned my co-operator by- wire tooxpiect au im. iortant letter. 2\. Half a dozen drops of latudanu in a bit of chicken at 8 p.m. would settle "Ve'u con. fortably "for the night, and two or three in mardane's cocoatina would he just enough to make her sleep rather heavily. :1I. I told tile avah to bring rme the key of the irdroom ndoorat 7..1i, when tho guests would hrve rat down to dinner. I ha1d dealt with such before. Every key of this kind has a solid stem endcing in a knob or boss, which stands outermost in the locked door; with a narrow flat file I divided this boss vertically in a slit an elghthiof an inch deep, snaking it like a screw. By irserting a rerall serewdriver or brokena Ipen. knlife i tile slit, it was possible to narke the key revolve, and open the door; in the satro way the bolt night he shot baclrk gain and the door relocked, and apparrentlyall be just as before. Of course the locl should be oiled so as to work easily. ,Mostpcoplo think it safer to leave the key in the lock, but this is no good if the key has been filed like the ono I held, and it never occurred to Madame \Valcot to examine Ihers. 4\. With rL Ihypodmerio syringe which Sallyali huSned up--it belonieed to one of the line Ildics-I injected a zow drops of water through the paper sheath of each eartridge the revolver hold. They wore safe enough now. All these points were duly dealt with; in the first only did we risk much, but our chances were as good as the enemy's, and as yet the enemy were unsusrrectinrg. As live and six did not depend on me I could only wait; but I relied on the ayah ; there was a look about her slender brown lingers that reminded me of wonderful tales of Indian jugglecry. . I wanted her to take some cliloro. form in case of accident, bat she despised this. Next morning, soon after sunrise,- she met me in our usual walk in the shrubbery with a calm face, but in reply to my inquiry: . What luck ?' uinfastned her lrdger and poured into my hat what looked in the bright cnrly sun shine like a shower of Sllarklirg dewdrops. I said ntot a word till I hadi counted out into her hands 157 sovereigrns; iand when lshehad stowed them away I asked for the listory of her adventure. This she told me at length but I don't give it here, for she hals to take the children to Lonldonl to-neorrow, to rcet seiro other relationsa, and as she will stay at tile Anrnlul at the Embaulment, no great way from tie Temple, I thought you, sir, amight lilo to see her yourself and hear her tclo fron her own lips. She Ihad hardly ended when sieo heard a wlindow openr ablovo, iand Ipeeiring ip thirorugi tile eCrne fl t of Iheavcnc itle fitreof lire. "'ial cot, looking bright and iresl in tlhe early morn lig light. I'"n Ia hard man, but I coull iot help feeling sorry for her, deceiver thoughi site was, when I thoughlt how much on tIle wrong side of tihe balance her accounts were likely to make up. I shall return bihy tie mid-day express, and bring the dilrnondrs to -your chambers in the afternoon.--I am, sir, your obedient servant, .Tort DiSn. Sidney Marton, Esq., Temple, London. P.S.-We were only just in time. I heard at the Court this afternoon, whore I strolled so as noirt to seem to leave hurriedly, that Mr. W?Yleot tlas coming down by midday train, and they are off to Paris on Friday. J.D. VII. ' Well,' said fMarton, as ho folded up Done's replort, ' I suppose that is about tile end of the business, except interviowing tile mai aend getting the diamonds. It is to be hoperd that tie sul iple-filugered Indian hasn't tricked DerOr after aI llnd kept thle geruiie articles iherself'. By-the-waiy. I should rather like to hIenar what that women has to tell us. Step dowrn with me to the Arundnr , and we will try to ind hoer.' I did not much care to hear annything more about the abomiuablo business; but as Marton scorned to wilsh it, and I wit no indebted to Ihin in tihe matter, I smothered mry disinclination and went. Snlynah was not hard to find, and this is the talo tie r told us: ' As soon as I heartd the gentlemen disperse from the smokling-rmu, andtl tie house at last began to be still, I crept downstairs, and quietly srt down in thle wlndow-seat at the southern angle of tile corridor. I had taken care to open the casement before, rand the night was perfectly calm, so that I could catch whatever sounds canto froe:m ltre. Walcot's rooms, as they were reached from thie opposite wall ; I heard lier talk to ler dog Venus, " .Poor dear ereitrre, what makes it so sleelpyv helr"'r (I could have told her) ; I heard lier open and shlt with a click her tr.rvelling baig, aid soon followed anlother hard metallic sound, which I guessed conme from laying the revolver oil the little muarble tableby .tho.bedsido; I heard tihe clirkinrg of tihe spoons in her cull of cocoatirra, thou tlre- sound of the cup and isaucr set downi; 'then ten ininuted of shutling, theo a long yawi--of ivhichl I wn, glad, for it meant droiwint-l- tlto lilght Went c out; but at tide time of'year liere is a dim t luster clear enrcrough to se bry all niight. Soon all was still. I waitedthlbre ai fuill hor, that lier sleep tighitbr rottleld and deep. Next I looked to see tht all tihe doors inu l hro corridor t were closed, so that tlere might be ro draught to shut any of them with an awakeuing tbang, though as the I night was calm, there was little chance r of that; still it was well to be on the safe side. t rThou with the small scrcw-driver IMr. Dane a gRvae im I softly turned tihe key, pushIIing hack h agasirt tile spring, bult riot relaxing my hold after tile reIastlance was overcomIe, so that there was no soun;d: then I turned the handle, and la this, like 11ll at the Court, was well-flttcd; it made no noise; inch by inch I opuceid the door, anid .t last I stood inside; I had nothing with me but the Iag containing tile falao stones, a delicate feather, and my own skill and courage. ' I stood and considered. I could see a little and hear mnore ; the dog was breathing heavily in helir ?.asket near the marblc tablo. irs. WVaIl. cot had her face turned the other way and was fast asleep. Then I slipped round the bed and observed thise sleeper. One hnld lay outside the coquerlet, the other was tiRaced beneatih her check and parted lips, but whether it held any thing 3culd not he seen; nor. as she then lay. cohld I pass myhalndbeneath the pillow. And irowe began my task. You have heard of the Indian thieves, and how, by'makin a sleeooper toss aboutrestlessly, they can stea' away the very bed-clothes on wlhirL he is lying. All this I know and imaly another trick of bhand cunnrung. SAnd now, one slightest touch of the tiny feather, sh rmoved her head; another touch lier hand stirred; a third, her head turns half around, andt, eld looeelyy in her llrgrs, appears in the twillght'a small leathern bag. Now for the test of delicate skill; hardly a brnsh, hardly moro thnn a farining of. the surface of theso slender flngeors, tn the hold relaxes; I touch the brg, the treasure is mine -no,. not yet-the hand slowly begins to close agai. Shll I snatch the prize? No; such roughness is only for clumsyhlands ; let be awhilo; yet otne more subtle stirring of that satin silk,'tho faitntest ruflo ; her Ihand on0e more uncloses and retnai unclosed. Softly I grasp .the bag, tuntying the tlhliok cord of silk d b it pocet, whero the diamonds niako no soiind us they fall; then, withdrawin g oy luond, I unfasten the other bag and insert it in the neck of hers, smoothor ing the two in Iiy shawl as I reverse their posi. tion, to drown tlo noist of thle moving stones. Atid no vit is dont, the silken band is tio.t agaitt.-osnill she sle CP peaceftlly-atid lastly I reilitce the b:g nearoltr ltir hiltnd as it was Iefore. WVas it ia part of may ntiturdl cruelty, or the pride of trilnumphannt skill, that made ilme yet once more toauch her hand, which, as it opened hid reclosed again, graslped tllh baig, to cou pleot the unlhappy womnan's deceptiona? All over now, snav an casy retreat; one look aoround to see that no traces c re left; softly I popen the door, softly p?ce through, softly c loe it ao.iti. I go down theu tirt iati 1pass oOt into the cool night air, wchere I walked it; the shrubblcry till Itr. De)n caneto, and l gave hllt the reat diimnonds. Alt, Sahibs,' site addcd, ' ou are our nutators, but you haveo a gre at deal to lrairnt front in.' VIII. lBut I !hal an exptarionce yet to come. The next morning Milrten anlt I decided to linish tihe batinoss by taking tlhe otone, with the settings, to lh replacedt ; lld whenl that wa doln I vowel I woul d make ml y nmother kaap thunt ill a afe; itadeed, 1 hlladi wrltten the night before to Ginkell, the agent, to ordlt one suitable for the wall int my miothur'n boa= doir. \Ve were just turnilg into the jeweller'e whenl-goodt hil vela !-whlom shoold we lnO-t face to lace but-the Watenots I tannnor-d out something, and felt hot all over, and utterly miscerable, hardly knowing whether I was lstaning ou illy heels ormy head ;: and they. dilLi lnt oculn - tliuch moro t tltir case, ateloemt' iLie3ltoataid eso afterwar. I :m ild scene so mnicih;inl hi life. tliougl tho: hctos played their partD in` s manmer that was neneath coltelplt. At. :ist, aitor seine of the tritest ned iat triviial remairks, we got disentanigled and mana:goed to lay Igoon-. day.' It was naturall to ien to be aiWewkard at a crisis, but they were ploplo of the world; presently, however, we fiound what it was thaathad ilisconcertuw them. VWe were just unfolding our buhinesr to the jeweller. thie anto mal who lhad so greatly lmniired these et:timnes fewr imonths before; bu remIarked how mdh'lllore fortunateI'i o were ill our p:s sessiomt tlan the lady nII d geltliemnI who tod: justgone. -uiow sou' asked Marton. '1They wished to lusptose of some valuable diamoolnls, they said, and we wre not unwilling to econe tie t purc lhasec? of really good stones, but wtmi tlhey ilmitiel the littl 'leathoern bag which centianed thelllm and poullred themr ol the coutlnter, 1L aw -it a gllme that they were not genuine stonles, lndl told thlm so, 1 hl:ae laaoer aso ellicomle illaoo iurprised or ailazed. IIu emutteredt' After all that troltble,' bllt aho aird not oa word to utter, ill fact slhe semied dazed alldstupoeled. lray, c:11 you tell iml, sir, wvho tley are, if I mnay take the liberty; I thintk tlhey spoke with at u . iou tentered ?' ' Their nmme is 1'Valeut. aItd that is about iill I canl toll you.' ' And Gerard,' het said as we departed, I that wits about elolugh ; to ailly onet who know theml it spoke volumels, iay, whole librarica, didln't it? Anyhow-, I think we avI le been luiles' ewith thoi, as they say ill yoiIr c nttltry this timie.' And I thought so ton.--dohla laolow, in lJcl grritri. 