THE BONDMAN, A MEW SAGA. CHAPTER XX. THS PEACE OATH. BY HALL CAINS. Author of "The Deemster," "A Son of Hagar," " The Shadow of a Crime," &c.;, &c.; All rights reserved. There was short shrift for Ked Jason. He was tried by the Court neareBt the Bpot. and that was the Criminal Court over which the Bishop in hiB civil capacity presided, with ninp of his neighbours on the Bench beside him. From this Court an appeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, and again from the Quarter Court to the High Court of Althing; but appeal in this ease there was none, tor there was no delence. And because Ioelandio law did not allow of the imprisonment of a criminal until after he had been sentenced, an inquest was called forthwith, leal Jason should escape or compass the crime he had attempted. So the Court of Enquiry sat the same night in the wooden shed that served both for Senate and Boose of .Justice. The snow was now falling heavily, and the hour was late, but the Court-house was thronged. It was a little place—a plain box, bare* featureless, and chill, with walls, roof and rats of wood, and floorof hard earth. Four short benohes were raUbd, step above stttt, against the farthest side, and on the highest of these the Bishop sat, with three of his colleagues do each of the three Lrows beneath him. The prisoner stood on a broad stool to the right, and the witnesses on a like stool to the left. A wooden bar crossed the room about midway, and in the open spaos between that and the door the spectators were crowded together. The place was lighted by oandles, and some were fixedto the-wsSs, others were held by ushers on the end of long sticks, and a few were hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their middle. The floor fan like a streAm, and the atmosphere was full of the vapour of the snow that .was melting on the peoples clothes. Nothing could be ruder than the Court-house,'but the Court that eat there observed* rule of procedure that was almost an idolaby of form. • The prisoner was called by the name ox Juop, sen of Stephen Oxry, and having answered in a voice so hollow that it seemed to come out the earth beneath him, he rose to bis plabe. His attitude was dull and impiisive, and he > seemed hardly to see the restless crowd that murmured at sight of him. His fall figure«ooped. there wasa cloud on his strong brow, and a slow tire in his bloodshot eyes, and his red hair, long as a woman's^ hung in all disordered masses down his.Vorncneeks to his shoulders. The Bithapi a -venerable prelate of great age, looked at him and tbonght "That man's heart is dead within him. The mouthpieptof the! Court wasa middleaged man, who was short, had little piercing tfrte,- a isquarebruqh of iron-grey hair that ereot .across thfe top of his oorded forehead, and fccrisp, cleat utterance, like the craokle of a horse's, hoofs on the frost.' Jason was charged with an attempt to take the life of'Michael Sunlocks, first President of theeeoood 'Republic. He did not plead andliad no defence, and the witnesses against hinrspoke only in answer to the leading ques tions of-the Judges, ' The firstof the witnesses was Greeba herself, and her evidence, given in English, was interpreted by an interpreter. All her brave strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her eyes Were down, her head was bent, her face .was half-hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, land her tones were barely audible. She had little to say. The prisoner had forced his way into Government House, and there, to her own .faoe, had threatened to take the life of' her hnsband, In plain words.he bad done so; and then made show of'going in. pursuit of her hnsband that he jnight carty'ont his design. " Wait," said the Bishop, " your husband was not present ?" " NQJ' said Greeba. "There was, therefore, no direct violence?" "None." "And the whole sum of the prisoner's offence, so far as yon know of it, lies in the use of the words that you have repeated?" " Yes." Then turning to the spokesman of the Court, the old Bishop said— " There has been no overt aot. This is not an attempt, but a threat to take life." " *' Tour j>ardon, my lord," said the little man, in his orisp tones. " I will show that the prisbner is guilty of the essential part of murder itself. Murder, my Lord," he added " is tfottiierely to compass the destruction o:; a life, for there is homicide by misadventure, then is justifiable homicide, and there are the frights, long recognised by Icelandic law, of the avengers of blood. Murder is to kill in secrecy and after long- harboured malice, and now, my Lord, I shall show that the prisoner has lain in wait to slay the President of thie Republic." > • At that Greeba stood down, and other-wip nesses followed her. Nearly every one had been summoned with whom JaBon had exchanged words Bince he landed eight days before. There was the lean student who had told him of the drill at the Latin School, the little tailor who had explained the work at the gaol, the stuttering .doorkeeper at the 8enate-honse, pud one of the masons at the fort. Much was made of the fainting in the Cathedral yard on the Sunday morning, and out of the deaf landlady, the Cathedral caretaker, some startling disclosures seemed to be drawn. "Still," said the Buhop, "I see no overt aot," " Good gracious, my Lord," said the little spokesman, "are we to wait until the knife itBelf has been -reddened ?" " God forbid," said the old Bishop. Then came two witnesses to prove motive, The first of them was the tipsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into the drinking-snmv He could say of his own knowledge that Jason was jealous of the new Governor. The two were brothers in a sort of way. Sopeople said, and so Jason had told him. They had the same father, but different mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter of the old Governor, who turned bis back on her at hbr marriage. (At her death he relented, and tried to findJason, but could not, and then took up with Michae! Sunlocks. People said that was the begin ning of the new Governor's fortune. At all events Jason thought he had been supplanted, was very wroth, and swore he would be re' vended. The second of the two witnesses pointed to a very different motive. He was one of the three Danes who had twice spoken to Jason —the elderly man of the meek and quiet manner. Though himself loyal to the Icelandic Republic, he had been much thrown among its enemies. Jason was one of them; he came here as a spy direct from Copenha gen, and his constant associates were Thorn' sen, an old, white-headed man living in the High-street, and Polvesen, a young and sallow man. who kept one of the stores facing the sea. With these two Jason had been heard by him to plan the assassination of the President. At this evidence there was a deep murmur among the people, and it was seen that Greeba had riBen again to her feet. Her heart burned and stormed within her. She tried tospeakbutoouldnot. At the same mo •sent Jason turned his bloodshot eyes in her direction, and then her limbs gave way under ber, and she sank back with a moan. The Court misread her emotion, and she was re moved. Jason's red eyes followed her con stantly. "This is a case for the Warning, not for punishment," said the Bishop, " It is plainly written in our old Law Book that if a man threaten to slay another man he shall be warned of the gravity of the crime he 7&nto;?npl»tee and of the penalty attaching to it." "Gracious heavens, my Lord," cried the little spokesman, "what reason have we-to assume that this prisoner is ignorant of either? With a life to guard that is prized by friends and precious to the State shall we let this man go free who had sworn before . witnesses to tiestroy it?" " God forfend," said the Bishop. It waa lawful to question the prisoner, and so he was questioned, "Is it true that you have be9n lying in Trait to kill the President T' asked the spokesman. But Jason made no answer. " Is it true that you have doneBO from a desire for personal vengeance ?" No answer. Or from political motives ?" No answer. "Or both?" Still no vxnrer, xhen the spokesman turned back te tbq Court, " The stubborn persistent* Xfi the prisoner is easy to understand," H laid and smiled, . V Wait," said the old Bitf^p, and he turned towards Jason. ... 11 Have you any w . plea ?" But Jason gave M 'sign. " Listen," i/M *\ie Bishop. " Though the jsan who WtanaeseB the destruction of Single Is as" though be had destroyed a world, for the posterity of him' who is dead 'faiJght have filled a world, yet have all laws of men since the Pentateuch reoognised certain conditions that limit the gravity of the crime. If the man who is slain has himself slain the near kindred of his slayer, though the law of Iceland would no longer hold him guiltless, as in the ancient times when evil for tvil was the rule and sentence, neither would it punish him as a murderer, whe must eat the bread and drink the water of misery all his days. Now what is true of murder must be true of intent to murder, and though lam loth to believe it possible in this instance, honouring and loving as we all do that good man whom you are charged with lying in wait to kill, yet in my duty must I ask you the question—has Michael SnnlockB spilled blood of your blood, and is it as a redeemer of blood that you go about to slay him?" There was a dead hush in the little crowded courthouse as Jason lifted his heavy, bloodshot eyes to the Bishop's face and answered, in a weary voice, " I have nothing to say." Then an aged Lutheran priest, who had sit within the rail, with a snuff-box in his hand and a red print handkerchief acroBB his knee, hobbled np to the witness stool and tendered evidence. He could throw_ light _ on the irisoner's hatred of the President, if it was rue that the President was a son of Stephen Orry. He knew the prisoner, and had namel him in hiB baptism. He had known the prisoner's mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It was quite trus that she was a daughter of the late Governor, and had been badly treated by her father. Bat she had bean yet more badly treated by her husband, who married again while she was still alive, and had another son by the other wife On her deathbed Bhe had heard of thiB, and told the prisoner, who then and there, this witness being present, made an awful vow of vengeance upon his father and his father's son. The old priest was heard in silence, and his words sent a quiver through the courthouse. Even Jason, who had Bhown no interest save when Greeba was removed, .ifted np his bloodshot eyes 'again and. istened. And the Bishop, visibly moved, turned to the Court, and said, "Let us pnt this prisoner back to be tried by the High Court and the Lagmann." " What, my lord!" cried the little spokesman, with a lofty look, "and Bet him at liberty in the meantime to carry out the brime he threatens ?" Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. " Remember, nntil he has been condemned ire have no power to hold him, said the spokesman. The Bishop tnrned to an usher and said, " Bring'me.the Statute Book," and the great tome was brought. The Bishop opened it and again turned to the prisoner. "The Almighty," said he, "created one man at the beginning to teaoh as that all men are brethren, and the law of our old country •provides that when two have had disputes and pursued each other on account of hatred, Even as brethren they shall make peace -before their neighbours. Row listen to the words I shall read to you, and be ready to tay if you will swear to them." j Then a great silence fell upon the people, iwhile in solemn tones the old Bishop read the Peace Oath, "Ye two shall be set at one and live friendly together, at meat and at drink, in ithe Althing and at meetings, at kirk prayers and in King's palace; and in whatever place .else men meet together, there shall ye beBO «et at one, as if this quarrel had never come between you. Ye shall share knife and meat together, and all things besides, as friends and not as enemies," The Bishop paused and looked over his spectacles at Jason, who stood as before, with the cloud on his brow and the sit* v.- arc in his deep eyes, but with no sign of feeling or interest. " Will yon promise to swear to this, when he shall have returned who should swear to it with you ?" said the Bishop. : Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and there came across his face at that moment the look of a bated dog. " No," he growled. ( The spokesman shifted in his seat and the people grew restless. "Listen again," Baid the Bishop, and his long white beard shook andhis solemn voice rose to a shrill cry as he twisted back to the "But if one of you be so mad. that he breaks this truce thus made, and slays after pledges have been made and his blade has reddened, he shall be an outlaw, accursed and driven away, so far as men drive wolves farthest away. He shall be banished of God and all good Christian men, as far as Cristian men seek churches, as mothers bring forth sons, son calls mother, flamesblaze up,, mankind kindle fire, earth is green, sun shines, and snow covers the ground; he shall fleefrom kirk and Christian men, God's house and mankind, and from every home save hell." Then there was a pause and a great hush, and the Bishop lifted his eyes from the book, and said— " Will yon swear to it ?" Again all eyes turned towards Jason, and again his face, which had been impassive, took the look of a bated dog. " No, no, no 1" he cried in aloud voice, and then the great silence was. broken by deep murmurs. "It is useless," said the spokesman. " Warnings and peaoe oaths, thongh still valid, are the machinery of another age. The prisoner is not ignorant of the gravity of the crime he contemplates, nor yet of the penalty attaching to it."i There was an audible murmur of assent from the people. "That's true,"said one. " It's the truest word spoken to-night," said another. " The old man is all for mercy," said a third. "It isn't safe," said a fourth. And there was other whispering, and much nodding of headB and shuffling of feet. Enoouraged by these comments the little spokesman added— " In any other country at this age of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly clapped into prison." "Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the Bishop drew himself up and said, " In any other country a crimnal who showed no fear of death that hung over him wonld be straightway consigned to a madhouse." "We have no madhouse in this Island, my lord," said the little spokesman, " save the Sulphur Mines, and there he muBt go. " Wait," said the Bishop, and once again he turned to the prisoner. " If this Court should agree so ship you out of Iceland will you promise never more to return to it ?" For the third time all eyes were turned on Jason, but he did not seem to hear the Biahop's Will you question. promise ?" said the Bishop again No," said Jason, " Dangerous trifling," said the spokesman. " When yon seize a mad dog you strangle it." " Ay, ay," cried many voiceB at once, and great excitement prevailed. The old Bishop drew oaok with a sigh of relief. He loved Michael Sunlocks and had been eager to save him. He pitied Greeba, and for her sake also had been anxious to protect her hnsband. But from the moment he saw Jason and thought, "That man's heart is dead within him," his love had struggled with his sense of duty. As the trial went on he had remembered Jason and recalled his bitter history, and seized with a strong sympathy he had strained every nerve to keep back his punishment. He had done all he oould do, he had nothing to reproach himself with, and full of a deep and secret joy at the certainty of the safety of Sunlocks, he now fell back that the law might take itB oourse. The Court was counted out, and then the Bishop turned for the last time to Jason, and delivered judment. " The sentence of this Court," he said," is that you be removed from here to the Sulphur Mines, and be kept there six months certain, and as long thereafter as you refuse to take the Oath of Peace pledging yourself for ever, as long as you lire or the world endures, to be at one with your enemy aB brothers before all men living." Now Greeba alone knew the truth about Jason. When she had fledfrom Mann without word or warning it had not been out of fear of him, but of her brothers. Her meeting with Michael Sunlocks, her short stay with the good old Bishop Petersen, her marriage and the festival that followed, had passed ner by like a dream. Then came the first short parting With §pnlogks when he had said, " I ttittstleave you for & fortnight, for the men I sent in search of your father have blundered and returned Without him." She had cried a little at that, and he had kissed her, and made a brave show of hia courage, though Bhe could see the tears in hi* oon big shining eyes, But it was all a dream, a sweet and happy dream, and only by the enming of Jason bad the dje&m; beeq brofceft, Then followed her terror,her JaTei, £*>rl6ir for her husband's life, her defines of Jason, and the sh&Tge; she made agaSs^l; him. And the firstburst feJAtitpassion over, she had thought to hnfeif, " My husband is safe, but Jason now tell all and I shall he a lost and f'umed woman," for nothing had sheyet -Baid to Michael Sunlocks concerniPg tliP m a n wh 0 had wooed and won and reNsnec* her during the long years of his MleP'^ and her trouble. He will hear the 'Tory now," she thought, " and not from my lipshnt from Jason's." Being then so far immersed she could not but go on, and so she had allowed herself to be led to the Court house. No one there had thought to ask her if she had known anything of Jason before that day, and she on her part had said nothing of knowing him. But when Jason had lookedatherwithhis eyes of reproach that seemed to go through her BOUI, he seemed to be saying, "This is but half the truth. Dare you not tell the rest ?" Then listening to the lying of other witnesses, and looking up at Jason's face, so ful of pain, and seeing how silent he was under cruel perjury, she remembered that this man s worst crime had been his love of her, and so Bhe Btaggered to her feet to confess everything. When she came to herself after that, she was baqk in hei own home—her new home, the home of her happy dream, hsr husband s home and hers, and there her first I fear returned to her. "He will tell all," she thought," and. evil tongues will make it worse, and shame will fall npon my husband, and I shall be lost, lost, lost." She waited with feverish impatience for the coming of the Bishop to tell her the result of the trial and at length he came. . , ' "What have they done with him?" she cried, and he told her. What defence did he mftkef sne asked. " None," said the Bishop. What did he eay ?" she asked again. " Not a word but' No,'" said the Bishop. Then she drew a long breath of imnuuae relief, and at the next instant shereproajnerf herself. How little of soul she had been ' And how great of heart had been Jason! He could have wrecked her life with a word, but he had held his peace. She had sent him to prison, and rather than smite he bad suffered himself to be smitten. She felt herself small and mean. And the Bishop, having, as he thought, banished Greeba's terror, hobbled to the door, for now the hour .was very late, and the enow was still falling. " The poor soul will do your good hnsband no mischief now. Poor lad! poor lad! After all, he is more fit for a madhouse than for a prison, Good night, my child, goodnight." And so the good old man went his way. It was intended that Jason should start for the Sulphur Mines on the following day, and he was lodged overnight in a little house of detention that stood on the sonth of the Highstreet. Bnt the snow continued to fall the whole night through, and in the morning the roads were impassable. 'Then it was decided to postpone the long journey nntil the storm fehould have passed, the frost set in, and th desolate white wastes to be crossed became bard and firm. It was now Wednesday of of the second week in October—the Gorebionth—and the Icelanders were already Settling down to the long rest of the Icelandic winter. The merchants began to sleep .the livelong day in their deserted stores In the cheapstead, andthebonders, who had Scome up with the last of their stock, to drink iand doze in the tavernB. All that day the isnow fell in finedust like flour, until, white 'as it was the air grew dark with it. At the late dawn of the next day the snow was still Sailing, and a violent gale had then risen. iAnother and another and yet another day went by, and still the snow fell and the gale continned. For two days there was no daylight, and only at noon through the giddy air !a fiery glow burned for an hour along the (southern sky and then wont out. Nothing could be seen of fell or fiord, and nothing could be heard cave the baying of the hounds at night and the roarof the sea at all times, 'for the wind made no noise in the soft snow, but drove it along in sheets like silent ghosts. Never before had Greeba seen anythingGO terrible; and still more fearful than the great enow itself was the anxiety it brought her.' Where was Michael Sunlocks ? Where was her father ? There waa only one other whose condition troubled her, and 'she knew too well where he was—he was lying in the dark cell of the dark house in the High-street. While the storm lasted alt Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greeba could do nothing. But one morning when she awoke and turned to the window, as was her want, to learn if the ysary snow waB still Tailing, she could see nothing at first for the coating of ice and hoar frost that covered the glass. > But the snow had ceased, the' wind had fallen, the air waB clear and the light was coming. The buildings of the town, from the Cathe dral to the hovels of the fishing quarter, looked like snow mounds in the desert; the black waste of lava was gone; the black beach was gone; the black jokulls were gone; the black headland waB gone that had stretched like a giant hand of many fingers • into the black fiord;but height above height, and length beyond length, as far as from sea to sky and from sea to eea, the world lay lifeless and silent and white around her. Then, the town being once more awtke, Greeba had news of Jason. It came through a little English maid, whom Sunlocks had found for h?r from Oscar, the young man who had gone out in search of her father and returned without him. Jason was ill. Five days he had eaten nothing, and nothing had he drunk except water. He was in a fever— a brain fever—and it was now known for certain that he was the man who had fainted outside the Cathedral on the marriage morning, that he had been ill ever since then, and that the druggiBt of the High-street had bled him. With these tidings Greeba hurried away to the Bishop. " The poor man has brain fever," she said. " He was ill when he made the threat, and when he recovers he will regret it, I am sure he will—I know he will. Set him at liberty, . for mercy s sake," she cried; and she trembled as she spoke, lest in the fervour of her plea the Bishop should read her secret. But he only shook his head and looked tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab— "Ah, it is like a good woman to plead for one who has injured her. But no, my child, no it majr not be. Poor lad, no one now can do anything for him save the President himself, and he Is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him." " He is likely," thought Greeba, and straightway she conceived a plan. She would goto Jason in hiB prison. Yes, she herself would go to him, and prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vengeance and be at peace with her husband. Then she would wait for the return of Michael Sunlocks, and plead with that dear heart that could deny her nothing, to grant her Jason's pardon. Thus it would come about that she, who had stood between these two to separate them, wonld at length stand between them to bring them together. So thinking, and crying a little, like a true woman, at the prospect of so much joy, ehe waited for Jason's recovery that Bhe might carry her purpose into effect. Meantime she contrived to send him jellies and Boups, such as might tempt the appetite of a sick man. She thought she sent them secretly, but with lesB than a woman's wit she employed a woman on her errand. This person was the little English maid, and she handed over the duty to Oacar, who was her sweetheart. . Osoar talked openly of what he waB doing, and thus all Reykjavik knew that the tender- hearted young wife of the Governor held communication of some sort with the man whom she had sent to gaol. Then one day on hearing that Jason waB better, though neither was he so well aB to travel nor was the snow hard enough to walk upon, Greeba stole across to the prison in the dark of the afternoon; Baying nothing to any one of her mission or intention. The Btuttering doorkeeper of the Senate was the gaoler, and he betrayed great concern when Greeba asked to see his prisoner, showing by his ghastly looks, for bis words wonld not come, that it would be rash on her part, after helping so much towards Jason's imprisonment, to trust herself in hia presence. "But what have I to fear?"Bhe though and with a brave senile she pushed her way through. §he found Jason in a square box built of heavy piles, laid horizontally both for walls and roof, dark and damp and muggy, lighted, in the day by a hole in the wood not larger than a man s hand, and in the night by a sputtering candle hung from the rafters. He sat on a stool; his face was worn, his head was close-oropped to relieve , the heat of his brain, and on the table by his side lay all his red hair, as long aB his mother's was when it fell to the shears of the Jew on the wharf. He gave no sign when Greeba entered though he knew she was there, but sat with hiB face down and one hand on the table, " Jason," she said, " I am ashamed. It is I who have brought you to this. Forgive me, forgive me! But my husband's life was in danger, and what was I to do ?" pti!! he gave BP sigo. " Jaeon," she said again," vou have heaped coals of fire on my head, for I have done nothing but injure you, and though you might have done as much for me yon never At that the tinges?ef bU on the table gtasped the. W U ^'onvulsivelv. "B& ftS&h;,'' Bhfe said, "aU is not loat ^ tor. I can 1 spve' yon still. Listen, i^a Vn&lL; give me your, promise to make ' peace with my huBband, and when my husband returns he will grant me your pardon. Oh, yes, I know he will, for he is tenderhearted. and he will forgive you; yes, he will forgive you"— "My curse on him and his forgiveness," cried Jason, rising suddenly and bringing down his fiston the table. " Who is he that he should forgive me? It has not been for hiB sake that I have been silent, with the devil at my side urging me to speak. And for all that you have made me to suffer he shall yet pay double. Let it go on; 1st him send me away; let him bury me at hiB mines. But I shall live to find him yet. Something tells me that I shall not die until I have met with that man face to faoe." And Greeba went back home with these mad words iinging in her ears. "It is useless to try," she thought. '* I have done all I can. My husband is before everything. I shall say nothing to him now," None the lets she cried very bitterly, and was still crying when at bedtime her little l English maid came up to her and chattered of the news of the day. It seemed tnatsome Danish storekeepers on the oheapstead had lately been arrested as spies, brought to trial, and condemned. When Greeba awoke next morning, after a restless night, while the town still lay asleep, and only the croak of the ravens from the rocks above the fiordbroke the silence of the late dawn, she heard the hollow tread of many footsteps on the frozen snow of the Thingvalla-road, and peering out through the window, whichwaB coated with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy prooeBsion. Three men, sparsely clad in. thin tunics, snow BtockiDgs and skin caps, walked heavily in file, chained together hand to hand and leg to leg, with four armed warders, closely muffled, to the ears riding leieurely beside tfcem. They were prisoners bound for the Sulphur Mines under Hekla. The first of them was Jason, and he swung along with his long stride and his shorn head thrown back and hie pallid faae held np. The other two were old Thomsen and young Polvesen, the Danish storekeepers. It was more than Greeba could bear to look npon that sight, for it bronght back the memory of that other sight on that other morning, when Jason came leaping do Tn to ber from the mountains, over gorse and cushag and hedge and ditch. So she turned her head away and covered her eyes with her hands. And then one—two—three—four the heavy footsteps went on over the snow. The next thing she knew was that her English maid was in her bedroom, saying, ''Some strangers in the kitchen are asking for you. They are Englishmen, and have just come ashore, and they call themselves your brothers." 