T HURSDAY'S Parliamentary record has this about it—that it is full of inci dent, and shows among other tilings how quickly business can be dispatched when lion, members are in a disposition to hurry. Among other things the statement was made that there arc nearly 1000 of the New Caledonian convicts roaming at large over Aus tralia, out of which number New South Wales is supposed to be involuntarily harboring 800, and Victoria GO. A good deal of curiosity was manifested as to the form of Mr Dow’s pro mised statement about the leasing of part of a State forest, but the statement when it came was pretty much what might have been expected. Mr Dow found that he had only pro posed to. make a serious administrative blunder, but, which was far more to the purpose, one which the House was by no means inclined to tolerate. No doubt he was advised by his colleagues that he must get out of his little diffi culty somehow, and the “ how” which ■appeared to him most expedient was a point blank contradiction of what he had said and implied in the House the day previous. Nothing had been done, said the Minister of Lands, and nothing would be done with out the sanction of . the House. The •explanation was curious, but hardly edifying to a lover of consistency and truth. At almost every turn in the proceedings there was manifested a great desire to at all hazards avoid doing or saying anything which would defer the prorogation. Thus when the Education :Endowment Bill was re ceived from the Council with the very important amendment that the new Commissioners should not be nomi nated from Parliamentary members, one or two of these whose integrity of purpose and political honesty are always in evidence, took high umbrage at. what they were -pleased to call an insult to theihonor of the Assembly. There is no oarer way of putting hon. members; on their mettle than to kiut, ever so vaguely., -that they' are not wholly and absolutely above suspicion, and Mr Bent’s -Virtuous indignation came near to raisingn shindy. Mr Gillies came to the rescue of the -night’s work, by apparent sympathy .with the deli cate susceptibilities of these legislators, and a motion that the Council’s amend ment be disagreed with. This was carried, of course, and it meant, or certainly ought to have meant, the loss of the hill. Dr Pea'hscx was aggrieved no doubt, but the preserva tion of peace was clearly a paramount consideration. Perhaps it did not matter that Mr Derk£3i’s long-talked of Postal Bill was introduced in the small hours ©f the morning. In the growing proneness to lobby legislation, there is a uecessary and equal independence of \- usual forms of the House. Still, a measure of such importance and con taining so much debatable matter ought not to have been introduced under such circumstances nor at such a time. In agreeing to l£r Deakin’s proposal to take power to regu late the interest payable by water trusts, the Assembly did a very dangerous thing. The bill vests an enormous discretionary' power in the Minister, and one which might be used for ! corrupt purposes with terrible effect. It is virtually a repudiation of the I Irrigation Aofc and trifling, with the security we offer for our borrow ing. If such action had, under any circumstances, to be taken, it is clear that the last hours of the session is not the time in which to propose it. The precedent thus created is pretty sure to be improved upon. If one class of debtors to the Crown can obtain release from their liabilities, why not ali 1 The Assembly’ found time to discuss --the South Aus tralian disputed border question, or rather -to listen,to the Premier’s statement of it, and resolved to refuse its assent to the preparation of a case for the Privy Council. It was argued that the result of an appeal might pos sibly be that Victoria would have the alternative of resigning the slip of land in" dispute or paying South Australia heavy compensation, and lion, members were clearly of opinion that as we are in possession we cannot do better than stick to the territory and leave our neighbor to do her best or her worst. It is understood that the standing orders committee dealt on Thurs day with the question of resuming un finished bills in ensuing sessions. and rejected the proposal at the urgent in stigation of the Government. The public would like to know- why a de vice for saving Parliamentary time was so summarily laid aside. To-day comes the prorogation, after which lion, members will disperse for their holidays, and the country can, at its leisure, appraise the legislative results of the session. It is pleasant now we have news of the safety of Stanley, to remember that we havealways instinctively discredited the many rumors of his disablement aiid death. On Monday, the 11th, just 13 days since the two African ex plorers, -Stanley and Emin Pasha, ar rived safely at the headquarters of the German East African Company, and expect to get to the coast on or about Ist December. It may well be as sumed that Stanley has fought his last fight in the work of African explora tion. Amidst a collection of re cords of undaunted courage and ceaseless energy his work stands conspicuous, and he has fully earned the enthusiastic admiration which all the world is now according to him, and also, if he so choose, the right to a rest from his severe toils. He has done great service to c' ilisation, and be sides, has greatly cleared the path of future African explorers. It is now two years and nearly eleven months since Stanley left Britain with the purpose of relieving Emin Pasha and safeguarding him to the coast. Six months later he left the camp on the Aruwhini River, intending to strike through the dense forests in the direction of the Victoria Kyanza. There followed 22 months during which no authentic intelligence was received of his progress or welfare, and it was in this period that the dismal stories of his failure and death were so often told. We know now how he persevered through almost insurmountable difii culties, and has, after nearly three years’ weary pilgrimage in what was to him a veritable Valley of the Shadow of Death, accomplished all the work he essayed to do. Of this more will be said hereafter. At present it is enough to be assured that the two distinguished men, Stanley and Emin Pasha, after severe struggles and many hard-fought battles, have escaped with their lives. The members of the Patent Safety Cages board attended at the Hand and Barton claim yesterday, and conducted a series of tests with safety cages. It was expected there would have been six or seven cages at the shaft to test, but at tho appointed time only three patentees put in an appearance, namely, Messrs Allan, Chossell, and Cow ling. The tests were more sovero than any yet applied, and, it is pleasing to be able to say, more satisfactory. First, the clmiu over the cage was gripped by a detaching hook and slipped, allowing the cage to go free. Next, tho rope was let go nt tlie spider by menus of a detaching book; then the patentee got into the cage and stopped it while descending by means of the hand lever. Asa final experiment, the rope was cut near the spider while the cage was des cending, and agaiu while it was ascending. In each case the safety appliances nc'icd satisfactorily, the space taken by the grip. | pers to act when the pressure was removed [ varying from 5g inches to GJ. inches. This I last was the Cowling’s patent, which is on. a different princ pie from the others. Both Chessell’s and Allan's patents are connected with the woiks of the cage, the pressure on the cross bar when the weight of the cage fulls upon the shackle acting on a spring ami keeping the grippers away from the skids, I so that when tlie weight is removed the springe force the grippers back against the 1 skids. In Cowling’s patent a spiral spring, not connected with the works in any way, presses down mi tlie bar that works a gripper, and keeps it from acting. So soon as the cage becomes a falling body the spring ceases to act, the bar working the gripper drops, and the latter presses against the skids. Another difference is that Allan’s i and Chessell’s grip on both sides of the skill, ■ while Cowliug’s only acta oh one. The tests were witnessed by a large number of mining managers, several members of the G ihlliehiV Commission, and by Mr Hoivitt, Secretaiy for Mines, amongst others. The results! were regarded as highly satisfactory. Sub-, sequeutly the board took the evidence of several who were acquainted with the work-" ings and meiits of safety cages. \- The young man, Mr W. JT.nnp, a visitor from Adelaide, who was injured some days ago through being thrown from a buggy in Ballarat, died on Tuesday night at the resi dence of Mr Long, junr., V.ctoria street. Deceased’s spine was injured by the fall which lie received. Mr Hump, who was-G feet 2 inches in height, was connected offici ally with the South Australian militia. The coroner yesterday decided that a magi sterial enquiry was unnecessary, and gave the requisite order fur the burial of the re mains. Much sympathy is felt for. the bereaved relations, who arrived from Adelaide a few days ago for the purpose of miuistering to the wants of the unfortunate .young man. The young man Benjamin Jonas, wlm at tempted to pass a forged cheque for £5O on Messrs Eyres Bros, on Thursday, was arrested at the North Melbourne railway statiou the same night by Detective M‘Sweeney. Outlie matter being reported to tlie local police on Thursday evening enquiries were.at once set on foot i awarding the movements of Jonas, and it was ascer tained :by Constable Rogerson that the offender .had left by the evening train from tlie Ballarat East station, having taken a ticket foe Melbourne, A telegram was at once forwarded to the metropolitan police to -this effect, with the result that Jonas was intercepted as stated at North .Melbourne, uud lodged in the lock up. There were fouud in his possession when arrested a number of newspaper cut tings showing blie movements of the various mail steamers, tints showing that his inten tion was to leave the colony us quickly as possible. The name attached to the forged cheque is an almost exact counterpart of Mr Willetts' signature. The accused was brought up at the Melbourne City Court yesterday moiniog, and was remauded for a week. Bail was allowed iu one surety of £lOO. The performance of afaebeth on Friday next, iu aid of the Shakespeare statue fund, promises to be oue of no ordinarv character. The fact that it is to be produeed under the direction of Ur John Robson, and that he is determined oil this rccnsioii to excel himself in the juntter cf scenic appointments, will doubtless satisfy the most fastidious. Four entirely new scene* and sets have been painted by Mr Matthews, from original designs, and are of the roost; elitbo ! rate character. First, the grand en- i * trance to Macbeth’s castle; second, the j I blasted heath; third, courtyard of the Castle, a magnificent set, taking the utmost limits of the Academy; and fourth, the banquetting hall. Special mechanical effects in connection with the spirits, ghosts; and'witehea will be introduced. Mr Henry Irving’s great revival of Macbeth serving ns the model for the whole production. .Messrs Richards and Cos., the photographers, have already taken pictures of the blasted heath and the court yard, and will doubtless exhibit them to-night. The performance is under.the most distinguished patronage, all the leading institutions with the City and Town' Councils having promised their sup port. The weather yesterday was cold, though fine and pleasant. In. the evening the sky was somewhat cloudy, and late at night there was distant lightning in the northern horizon. It was mentioned at the fortnightly meet ing of the Ballarat Trades and Labor Council last night that tiiere was a balance of over £506 in hand tiiat had been collected in aid of the London Dock Laborers’ Strike Fund. A discussion arose as to the purpose to which the money should be devoted, as the strike had terminated. It was suggested that it should be devoted to the erection of an Ormond wing at the Hos pital, for females only, but several of the members urged that this would he a breach of faith with the subscribers. It was thought the contributors should be con sulted before the money was disposed of, and further consideration of the matter wa3 postponed till the next meeting. The annual spring show of the Ballarat Horticultural Society was continued last evening at the Alfred Hall, and proved suc cessful. The attendance was exceptionally goud, and those who visited the show spent a very pleasant evening. The society arc to be congratulated on the success achieved. The takings for both evenings totalled £54 14s, as against £.33 taken at last year’s spring show, thus showing an improvement. The amouut of prize money disbursed last night amounted to £lO5 13s 6d. The annual charity service under the auspices of the Old Colonists' Association will he held at the Eastern Oval on Sunday, Ist December, A complaint was received at the meeting of tile Trailes and Libor Council last even ing from the Painters’ Union, who stated that a number of non-members were endea voring to form what they termed a Protec tive Paiuters’ Union. The matter was dis cussed by the council, and it was decided to inform the secretary of the Painters’ Union Ulat the council would do all in its power to favor unionism as agaiust non-unionism. It will he of interest to many to know tiiat tile Rev. Samuel Knight, who suine years ago was a resident Wesleyan minister here, lias kindly consented to speak at the People’s Saturday night meeting to-night in the Alfred Ilali. His popularity as a preacher aiid platform speaker should lead to the spacious building being filled on the occasion. We arc requested to remind licensed vic tuallers that applications for new licenses mid transfers at the annual- sittings of the Licensing Court on the 6tli December must be made by the 28th instant. Applications for renewals of licenses must he made by the 30th instant. A social gathering of Wesleyan preachers and their wives and friends took place last evening, at the Barkly street schoolroom. The company included representatives of the Ballarat West and Ballarat East circuits, and a. pleasant few hours was spent by all present The Mayor of the Town (Cr E. Murphy, M.L.A.) yesterday entertained at lunch the members of the Town Council and the coun cils' 1 officers. An excel'cnt luncheon was provided by the caterer, Mr MTntyre, and laid out in the mayor’s room at the Town Hall. The dinner was a private one, and the usual formalities were dispensed with. Sub ■ sequently a joint meeting of the works and ' finance committee was held, when the esti mates for the ensuing financial year were framed. A few days ago an accident through over \- winding happened at one of the mines at Ballarat East where Cowling's safety cage was in use. The pin fastening the plates that held the shackle was cut, the rope re leased, and the safety appliances, we are informed, acted immediately. The news -of the death of Mr l’homns Waight, of Webster street, has caused much regret in a large circle in Ballarat. Deceased, who was 64 years of age, had been ailing for a considerable time, lie was the owner of a large amount of city property. The date for the unveiling of the Claxton memorial fountain, now in position at thu Botanical Cardens, will probably be fixed by thu City Council to-day. The llardiu’s Hill Agricultural and Pas toral Society’s eighteenth annual exhibition was held iu their grounds yesterday. It proved to he the most successful exhibition yet held under the society’s auspices, the entries being much mure numerous than iu any previous year, and the receipts at the gate showing an increase of £6 over last year. The day was beautifully fine, and visitors from Ballarat and surruundiug dis tricts were numerous. The last train from Melbourne was hulf au hour late in reaching Ballarat last night. This is slightly beyond the extent of the delay that is now looked upon as cus tofnaty. A young man named Thomas Anketell, a resident oi 'Neil street, employed as a porter at the Western railway station, met with a painful aceideiit yesterday. In jumping down from the platform to cross the lines lie slipped and fell across the rails, breaking his right arm at the elbow and also just above the joint. He was at once takeu to the Hospital, where his iujuries were at tended to. An old man named Jas. Griffen, a resi dent of Gong Gong, was treated at the Hos pital yesterday for synovitis of the shoulder, the after effects of an injury from a fall. The Ballarat Trades and Labor Council, at their ordinary meeting last night, granted their patronage to the performance of “ Macbeth,” to be given by the Shakesperian Society ou Friday night next in aid of the Shakespeare Statue Fund. The annual meeting of the Miners’ Turf Club was held last night at Brophy’s hotel, when tile committee and auditors tor tiie ensuing year were elected. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere iu The Star. The new Primitive Methodist Church in Eureka street, near the stockade, is rapidly approaching completion, aud will be opened for public worship to-morrow week. Fut tiler notice will be given in an early issue. A course of interesting lecturettes, delivered by Mr D. N. iPLewn, principal of Victoria College, to a number of yuung nieu who meet iu St. John's Lecture Hafi every’ Sunday afternooH, has just been com pleted. The lecturettes have engaged tile attention of the young men for tile past three year's,' and have incited a study of ancient and modern history. The first year was devoted to the study of the history of the natroiiH men tinned in the Old Testament, and to their part in preparing the way for Christ’s kingdom.; the second year to the Study of the Life of Christ; and the third, to the study ef the grow th of Clgrist’s kingdom as seen by modern history. Tile St. John’s school took first plizein the late competition among the Presbyterian Sunday schools of Victoria. Mrs Liiplau, late of Soldiers Hill, has presented five nice pictures to the Benevo lent Asylum for the new married couples’ cottages, an example which the committee hope will be followed by other ladies or gentlemen. The fortnightly meeting of the City Couucil will be held at noon to day, instead of at half-past two o’clock ou Monday after noon. The cake nnd apron fair in aid of the debt on the Congregational parsonage, was con tinued and concluded yesterday. Most of the articles left over from the previous day were disposed of, and the result will be the handing over of a fair sum of money towards the extinction of the debt. The young man named James Sampling, charged with stealing a bottle of wine from tiie Burke and Wills Hotel, was brought before the Town Police Court yesterday ami remanded in order that Constable Rogerson, who effected the arrest, could have time to prepare the case for the prosecution. Several debt cases and other trivial uiatteis having been dealt with the oourt adjourned. Mr Gale, J.P., was the presiding magistrate. Mr Douglas, one of the candidates for the north riding of Grenvilleshire, held a meet ing at Mrs Hogau’s Grand Stand hotel on last Thursday evening. Mr Flynn was voted to the chair, and introduced the candidate, whose exposition of his views on shire mat ters was favorably received. The candidate answered all questions to the satisfaction of the ratepayers present. A vote of confidence was moved by Mr Wilson, seconded by Mr Glairn, and was carried unanimously. A young man named William Chalmers was brought up on remand at the City Police Court yesterday morning charged with the larceny of 20s, the money of one Thomas .Robertson. The accused was sen tenced to three months’ imprisoument. Chalmers', it appears, was also sentenced to a mouth’s imprisonment in January last for stealing a whip, tilts sentence being sus pended under the provisions of the Juvenile Offenders Act, on the offender entering into a recognisance in the sum of £2O for his good behaviour for 12 months. The bench yes terday sent the prisoner also to serve this term, and in addition ordered his recogni sance to be estreated.. Complaints have been made of late re garding garden robberies in the neighborhood 'of Armstrong street south and South street. The thieves on entering the gardens firet steal flowers and then destroy the plants. It is stated that. the culprits are boys who prowl through the neighborhood mentioned at all hours of the night. Extra police pro tection is, it'seems, required in the localities in question. At the City Police Court yesterday morn ing Daniel Ardagh, a cabman, was charged with plying for hire off an authorised stand, and was fined Is, with 12s Gd costs. Samuel Chisholm, Barry Wells, Tims. Ruthcrfield, James M ‘Kenzie, and Charles Dorter were eacii fined 53, in default three days’imprison ment, for neglecting to send their children to school the number of days required by the Education Act. Two persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness, and a num ber of debt cases were disposed of. lii the Council on Thursday, Mr Cuthbert informed. Mr Service that the Premier had -obtained information that as far as the police authorities of the different colonies were awaio, there are at the present moment in New South Wales about SOO French escapees and iibcres.'in Victoria GO, in Queensland 20, in New Zealand 55, and in Fiji 1, making a total of 930. During the past three years Victoria has obtained from Great Britain something like £19,000,000 of new capital over and above the amount obtained by N.S. Wales. There should be no surprise that Victoiia has been booming, but what about the in terest to be sent out of the colony, and repayment of the advances? “ The bill was read a second time and committed.” In the House on Thursday, when discussing the Water Supply Loan Bill, Mr Munro was anxious to know where Mr Donkin was to find £700,000 of loan money after the statement of the Tieasurer. There ought, lie said, to he to the-credit of the trust funds £1,100,000, whereas there was only £320,000. Mr Gillies replied “it was all right,” but Mr Munro considered it was all wrong, and that there had never been a bigger muddle made-of finance than within the last six months. A more im proper use than it was proposed to make of this money,could not possibly be made. The actual all round expenditure of the colony for the past 12 months could not have been under £12.000,000, and that could not go on long. Notwithstanding such a dangerous statement, lion, members folded their arms, and the.bill was rushed through. ■According to a return presented to Parlia ment, there are nine police superintendents above the age of 55, including three over the age of 60 years. The inspecting superinten dent is G3, and the chief commissioner 57. The ages of five inspectors and an equal num ber of sub-inspectors range from 55 to 59. Thirty-four sergeants, 25 senior constubles, but only 22 constables, are above the age of 55. It is calculated that the aggregate annual income of the working classes of England is about £300,000,000. The earnings of the civilised world average about £2O per in habitant per annum. A summary of sworn returns presented to the Assembly on Thursday showed that the liabilities of the 1G hanks trading in Victoria for the quarter ending 30th September last was £-11,020,370. They held £2G,GSS,SSO on deposit bearing interest, and £9,575,596 not hearing interest. The interest hearing de posits of tlie Crown amounted to £2,726,475, and £192,955 to current account. The total assets amounted to £51,117,901, comprising gold and silver coin, £G,197.355; bullion, £325,530; lauded properly, £1.047,260; notes and hills of other hanks, £212,027; debts due. to hanks, £45.499,190. An accident of a very painful kind (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) happened to Mrs Bott, wife of Mr B. Bolt, contractor, of this town, on Wednesday evening. Mrs Bott was going into tins stable when slto slipped, one of her feet suddenly turning under, and causing a fracture of her leg just above the ankle. Dr Wilkins was in im mediate attendance on the sull'ci’cr, mid ren dered the necessary surgical assistance. At Ihe Carlton Police Court on Thursday, a mariied woman named Mary Langwell was (says the A njus) proceeded against for a hreacli of tlie Post Office legulutions, for en closing a written communication in a parcel. Detective Lomax stated that on the 25th October, the defendant called at the local post-office, and made eiiquiiics as to tho rates charged for the delivery of n parcel. She stated to one of the officials that there was no written communication enclosed in it. Tlie parcel on being opened was found to con tain a letter to tlie parson for whom the packet was intended. At this stage the de fendant.pleaded guilty, and a fine of £2 was imposed. There is an astonishing number of father less bairns in this great city of Melbourne. They are in hundreds about the streets (says the Hemld) picking up a living by trading ill papers, matolies, and uiiconsidered trifles, eating what they can get, and sleeping where they can find a place to lay their heads in peace. Mr- L. Bilsteil having been commissioned by the borough authorities (says tlie Horsham /fines} proceeded to Geelong to procure the 3000 brown trout iry, from Lovely Banka which wen; made available for the munici pality by the Geelong Fish Acclimatisation S cicty. He left Geelong on Monday night and next morning early thu fry were enlarged in the Wiminera in the reach between the old Government pumping works and the present water works station, about a score of. them being placed in the filter bed at tached to the latter. Three years ugo 100 similar fry were put into the Wimmera, and two years ago 50 salmon trout also, hut none of these have as yet made their appearance, although it is confidently expected that some will be brcuglit to the surface this summer. The body of a uewly- horu female child has been found in a waterhole at Lindeuoiv, near Bairnsdale. A handkerchief was found tied round the chilli’s lo ck and stuffed into its mouth. Constable O’Brien shortly after wards arrested a girl named Catherine M‘Gregor, suspeeted to he the mother of the infant. She confessed to . having had an illegitimate child previously. She is a domestic formerly employed at Bairnsdale, and is 25 years of age. A riehly illuminat-d address and a purse of sovereigns were on Tuesday’ evening pre sented by a number of the leading residents of Staweil to Mr G. L. Hutchison, who recently resigned the police niagistiaey of the town, and who some years ago filled the f position of clerk of courts at Creswick; Tiie skeleton of a man has been found about two - miles on the Mooudcrra side of the Thompson River biidge, near Wallialla. The remains are believed to be those of a digger named George Craig, who disappeared from iiis hut on the Thompson River, in January, ISSS. Lind (says tlie A iistralasian Sociifitx’ Gaztlle) is by no means the dead letter some people want to make out. Only the other day land in Kensington (four acres) changed hands at £4OOO per acre. A builder in Hawthorn recently resold an allotment of land for £2OOO, upon which lie had only paid £5O deposit upon his purchase of £l5OO a week before. A four-acre block at Surrey Hills, bought during the boom, was sold last week at over £3OO per acre, and at a profit, ami we hear of numerous other cases. Facts are stubborn tilings, dud though nur banks and building societies nud mortgage com panies may not look upon land as the best of securities, Hie time is not far distant, if money is to be profitably used, when this unsurpassed security will again be looked upon with favor. VVe want no “ boom,” but eligible laud is and must he right. 