The Midnight Prophecy on, EEiR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. TyI EUmma Garrison Juces. CHIPTER XVI--(CoxTIxvrD.) " Ius" i want to go myself. I must Sa:d iee th:t child again, and be sure t:.r: I am not mistaken. 1 must go, ai.ih : so doQnt waste time in words." •1';, rty la"iy, I beg your pardon," rcn:urd.l udith ; "what will your guests t:i:Wk " \Vhat will my lord say, if he finds i; out - •My guests tr.sr say what they like," r!l!ied tie countess, her eyes blazing. •I shall lire ae mny apologies with Mrs. -,k-anel Chiiidleigh, and I'll explain to the iri wbhen ile returns. I've made up my :ind to go. and you need not try to dis S:.le:ei:c. no matter how good your motive .uodith acquiesced with evident reluct i::ce. b:lievinm. as he did, in her calm and i:r-sight wisdom, that the step her lady a is about to take was rash and ill-advised a::d o::e which might lead to unpleasant c, aseluencis, to say the least. T::e cruntess herself did not pause to cons:der; she only saw an opportunity to \- com.plish the supreme desire of her heart, anl made haste to embrace it. unace leaving the Tyrol, her impatience and suspense had amounted to torture. Si:e could never rest, never draw a con tented breath till she went back and as eared herseil whether or not the boy bore the Srat:hpey birthmark. If he did cot, and all her dreams and i:::pulses were delusions, th. sooncr she found out her mistake the better. But if he were her child, her own otpriniag, then a great and perilous task lay before her. f.r he shuld b1 reinstated in his nrhtful place, and proclaimed heir to the earldom of Strathspey. No passion is stronger and more de tem:incd than a mother's love ; and this iother's luov. fr that little outcast nurs. lI: ef tihe milch-gst amounted to idola ite. in her dreams, in her waking hours. he was ever presentS and a single thought of th: It, little ain, w , milky mouth that she risaed in ier first vision, thrilled her with mssionate tenderness. For this child's akte she was brave, and willing to dare ai danger-even ade:th, if need be. M3ore thin once she had thought over the etxpidientcy of reveai:ing the whole thing to her husband, and eutreating him te aid her in righting the great wrong. Unt the re:uno:ubance of his unbelief in re'ard to her dream always chilled and repelled her. He would laugh at her for a eant. visionary creature; and she would only unsettle his perfect faith that the boy who bore his name was in truth his son. -he had a tender love for her great broad chested husband, and the bare thought of sp iling his happiness, plunging him in dobht and conjecture, was more than she c?sld bear. It must not be i She concluded, un wisely enough, perhlaps, but with the best of motires, to keep it all from him to shoulder :dll the sorrow and wear3 sus putue herself, and follow the faint clew through the dark and mysterious labyrinth lene and unaided. " But onu s'urely intend that I shall go with coan my lady ?' ventured Judith, as she as-isted the countess to dress for her luriuney. "I should be glad endough to have you, Judith," she replied; "but I must leave you here. There's no one in this house that I can trust smae yourself. I dare not trat my children in the hands of that Dundas'woman. I mistrust and dislike ler more than I did at first, and I marvel that my lord persists in keeping her-and s'ie in remaining. I thing she brought ole ill-luck the first hour I ever looked upe her strange face; everything has gne wrong with me since then. A strange face, dark and diabolical," she continued, in a dreamy voice; a face one would not be likely to forget. Judith, do you think I am a sane woman, or am I really going mad, as they suppose?" "My lady!" cried the girl, dropping her brush ; "what do you mean ?" " Exactly what I say, Judith. Ain I a sane, sensible woman ?" " Why, yes ; who says you are not ?" Neoer mind. But the truth is, I think such strange things that I doubt my own uanity at times. Judith, did you ever fancy that the awful face that glared upon mein my childbed in thecrimson chamber, that nighS when my babe was stolen, might hlave been the face of the Dundas roman ?" " Oh, no; no, my lady I' cried Judith, n consternation, almost beginning to doubt her ladv's sanity sure enough. : Well, I have Judith, ranuy a timo," replied the counteas, quietly; "and: the fancy is growing very strong of late. If I ata not ixa~e, .I am very sane, very wise, Judith ; and I have no human soul in the wide world to trust, no one to help me but you. I must leave you here to watch the Dundas womani and take care of my children while I am gone." " But, for you to go alone-you, my poor, dear lady!" wailed the girl. " I am not a lbaby, good soul!" smiled the countess; "and I am more capable than you think. I am strong, and no coward in an emergency, despite my weakness and babyish face. So don t fret, my good girl. There-thatwill do. Ring for Sandford now, to drive me to the station i I shall take the eleven-thirty train. Now send in AMrs. Chudleigh, if she will come ; and you must make all needful excuses yourself. And-let me see I No, I can't tell you when to send the carriage for me." Judith obeyed ;and in less than twenty minutes the countess entered her carriage and was driven rapidly to the station Mrs. Colonel Cihdleigh looking after her from the hall-door with undisguised wonder, and the Dundas woman watching her from an tpper window, with an eager glitter in her black eyes. CHAPTER XVI. A\ s.cxrcercn s..ycot.rn!. " There is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will," -ays the inmmortal bard; and a most malignant and mischief-making divinity it seems to be at times. But we nmus: not stop and bawail over the rough angles and spiutered fragments, but wait with patience till the whole is complete, and then we shall see that every seemingly adverse stroke was needed to perfect and finish the rounded life. To our.human wisdom, it appears just the consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Verney should occupy the sanme train, indeed the same carriage, with the Countess of Strathspey that morning! But the colonel did so unconscious of evil intent, it is true, but the effects of the oc currence were disastrous enough. The countesss was thickly veiled, and although she was the sole lady passenger, it was sometime before he recognised her. lie established himself comfortably, read the morning paper, and heartily wished th:s veiled female in Jericho, in his ill- humor at being deprived of his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what she was stirred his heart. The colonel had passed that stage of life when one takes an interest in rail way acquaintarces. Longycars of soldier life in India had cooled the fever of his young blood. He was now an eminently handsome bachelor, of seven-and-thirty years. a tritle cynical. intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Beresford, heiress to the snug sum of ten thousand a year, in her own right. Tihe colonel was runningover to Paris, where chance or fats had strikten down a fellow- officer and bosom friend with typhoid fever. The despatch reached him that very morning, stating that his friend was dying, and had need of him. Colonel Verney started down by the first train, never dreaming what a terrible construc tion would be placed upon his most humane journey. On and on they went, the countess still closely veiled and incognito; the colonel perusing his paper, anid longing for his cigar : on and on, dluongh all the seem ingly endless length of England, for the countess was going down to Dover, and across the Channel into France, and from thence into Tyrol, following the route her, husband had taken, the only one she know how to pursue. And s i h every mile she travelled, her courage failed. In theeagerness and ex eitement of starting, the length and fatigue of the journey had not occurred to h,.r. She began to .wish she had h:arkened to Juditlhs rage coun els, or at least consentcl to take hr with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But she thought of the little flaxen-haired boy amid the Alpine peaks, and her heart grew strong again. For his sake shte would endure it all. At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat in a much better humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. "Can I be any service to you, madame 1" he inquired, politely ; "get you any re freshments, or anything of the kind i" The lady gave a quick start, shook lihe head, and, drawing her veil still closer, muttered an inarticulate denial. Thu Colonel turned on hisheel, determinedto leave her to herself. They got off at Dover, in the golden haze of September twilight, just in time to catch the steamer C~,his. The flash of the innumerable gas-lights, and the noise and confusion on the wharf, noell nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey; and the full sense of the terrible step she had taken flashed for the first time upon her. What would her husband say 1 She grow deadly faint and tottered where she stood. A burly porter, hurrying by, jostled her rudely, and she would have fallen but for tihe clonel's timely support. -. My dear madame, do allow me to assist you," he exclaimed, passing his arm about her. Floran instant tihe poor woman reeled, but by a great effcrt she overcame hter weakness and steod firmly on hlier feet. " I will accept your assistance, Colonel Verney," s'he said, as site raised her veil, anrd disclosed hr face, white and-faint from fatigue and intense excitement. The colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, as if he thought her a ghost. "Lady Strathspey I" he gasped, at aInst, "in Heavens Iname "I am going. across the Channel, Colonel Yerney," she interrupted, with digiLity; " will you have the goodness to assst me on board the steamer ?" The colonel was a thorough gentleman. He bowed deeply, repressingevery vestige of curiosity, and drawing her arm through hss conducted her to comfortable quarters aboard the steamer. While he paced the deck, half an hour later, pufling his cigar and puzzling his brain to discover what was the meaning of Lady Strathspey's unusual mode of travelling, the countess came gliding to his side. " Colonel Verney," she said laying hier hand lightlyolnhis arm, "you are wonder' ing, nodoubt, what it is that takes me out of England in this run-away fashion 1" The Colonel bowed aid smiled. "I am a little curious, I confess, Lady Strathspey," he replied. The countess stood silent for a moment, looking up at the misty stars overhead, her eyes -full of deep and solemn tlhought. "Colonel Verner," she continued at last. "you may be sure nothing short of vital interest would take me from my home and husband in this fashion: my mission across the- Channel is one of life and death-to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak of body, as we women unfortunately are. I did not intend that you should find me out, but my poor, womanly weakness be trayed me. Perhaps it is as well. I need a friend. Colonel Vernty, I am almost inclined to trust you, to ask you to help me-" She raised her sad, appealing eyes to his face, and looking down into their starey depths,, the Indian officer felt his heart- thrill with something of the old, passionate admiration, that those same sweet eyes had awakened when lie was a gay young guardsman, and Lady 'Mar guerite's lover. But the colonel, as we have said, was a thorough gentleman, a man of sterling honor. And lpoking down upon the woman hehad once loved, helpless and in trouble, he felt that he could be all the truer and more helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. 'L.dy Strathspey," he answered, quietly, but with something in his voice that at once inspired faith antl confidence, "I am at your service, ready to help you in anyway I can." If he he had been profuse in hisaasuuances, she would have heoitated ; h:s seli-pos session and simple candor won her confi dence. .She drew him to a seat in a shel tered corner, and there, beneath the silent stars, with a dash of the silver water in his ears, she began at the begin ning and told him all her strange story, wondering at herself as she did so, for an hour before he would have been the last man on earth she would have chosen for her confidant. Yet now impelled by some impulse stronger than her will, she told him everything. The colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes. Old soldier that he was, he could under stand the deep yearning of the mother's love for her own babe. " I am afraid, Lady Strathspey," he sail, when she had finished, "that you have been unwise in taking this step. It would have been better to have confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to bear his share of the doubt and anxiety. 1 am an old bachelor," he con tinued, smiling down upon her with pity ing kindness, "but I don't believe in any concealment between man: and wife. Your motive is pure and good,but your conduct is open to misconstruction. However," he added, buttoning his coat and straighten ing his fine figure, after his milhtary habit, " if you are determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to helu you in any possible way." "1 shall go on," replied tne countess, firmly, "I will not turn back." "Very, well, gotoyourroom now and t r; to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sick'friend in Paris, and I'll see you safe into the Tyrol aind on your way home. Good-night, Lady Strathspey." "Good-night, Colonel, and may Heaven reward you I" He strode away, and the countess went to her state-room with a lightened heart. CHAPTER XVIL A WHiTE Lt. The Earl of Strathspey held his word as sacred is his bond; nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would be called a white lie, when he avowed his intention of making a run down to Lon on. And white lies are about as dis. astrous in their results as black ones, for if the earl I ad not indulged in this one, he would have spared himself many a day of bitter agony. Since that afternoon, when, as he galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion flashed across his mind, Lord Strathspey had not known one hour of rest. He'possessed just the temperature to seize upon a silly suspicion, and magnify it, and brood over it, till it grew into a torturing reality. The sudden fancy that struck him, was that the little flaxen-haired boy, with a face so wondrously like Lady Pearl's, iras his wife's childl. Strangely enough, it never occurred to this gifted peer that the boy might be his chihl, and the one who bore his name, and was to be his heIr, :night be an impostor. No such dream ever entered his mind d; he fully believed that his own-babe, marked with the scarlet cross, as some of the male Strathspeys had been before hiu, has been restored to him ; yet he harbored the foolish sus pici.an that thle little Tyrol lad, whose face haunted him day and night, mightbo the child of his countess. He, herhusband, thus dishonoired her by a slanderous sus picion, yet if any living being had dared to utter such a thing in -his hearing. he would have struck him dead at his feet. Once in his mind, the fancy haunted him like a fiend. How else could he ac count for his wife's visitto the cottage, for her strange conductand above all her obstinacy in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression I At last the poor man's torture grow to be unbearable, and hie determined to go b hck to the Tyrol and solDe the mystery. He would find some wray, eithei through fear or bribery, to force the secret from the glib-tongued old woman; anttd he would see the child again, and judge by its age and appearance whetherhis terrible suspicious were true or false. Accordingly, he made his arrangementsl, and uttered his white lie about his run down to London. But instead of going to the metropolis, he went straight to Dover Harbor, and cross d the Channel by the first steamer, little dreaming that the very next one would bring his wife over. From Calais he started direct for the valley of the Rhetian Alps; but mid way, at a little wayside inn, lie fell ill. His constitution was like iron. butit sank beneath the incessatt mental torture ihe had endured within the Inast few weeks and for two nights lie lay prostrate, scorched with fever. In his delirious, midnight dreams, he began toithink of death, death far froms home, and wife, and children; death, with this hisideous sus piciot in his soul. lHis wife's face, sseet, and pure, and reproacshful, lose uo before himn, and likeawoke to, the bitter aronog hle was doing her, and dilltermiledl to retturi to Englasnd, and forev-er give over his ab surd illusion. SBut the mioment tl1e forer abated lihe tottered to lis feet, and all his old, tortur. ing fears returned with double force. He could not go back; he must know the truth, or he should go mad. So, in opposiiion to the entreaties of the surgeon who attended him, he started off, white as a ghost, and only able to keep on his feet. The September sun hung low in the purple sky, and all the grand old. Switzer peaks glittered with his departing glory, on the afternoon (when Lady Strathspey reached the Tyrol valley. Colonel Ver ney had sent a dispatch from Calais to Paris, and learning that his friend was something better, he accompanied her. At a small public-house, at no great distance from the shepherd's cottage, he hired a carriage and drove across the smiling green valley. Divining with the intuitive instinct of a gentleman, that the poor mother would sooner seek her ehi'd alone, he put her out at the edge of the little coppice, and avowed his de termination to remain there with the carriage until she should return. Lady Strathspey walked briskly over the short space that intervened between the coppice and the cottage, her heart throbting so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few moments she would know the truth, and ascertain whether there was any proof of which her child might be reclaimed and reinstated. The sun dipped low above the western seas, the Alpine summits gleamed and glittered in their etern:al whiteness ; a mingled melody of tinkling bells and low ing herds floated on the balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious creve of her glorious surroundings, the countess hurried on. Half way across the slope of meadow. land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, and just before her, clustered upon the velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, she beheld a young kid, all garlanded with wild-wood blissoms, an immense Alpine sheep-dog, and a little boy in a scarlet smock and plumed cap. The little fellow was sitting astride the dog's back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, while the great, grim aninal lay, with his nose resting on his paws in the afternoon sunshine, as if he enjoyed the sport. Lady Strathspey stood still a moment. gazing on the lovely pastoral picture, the tears str, amisng over her wan cheeks. At Inst she drew near.- The dog raised his pointed ears, and uttered a hoarse growl. The countess paused in terror, but the boy's quick eyes had spied her. "Down, Tiger," he cried, plt'nting his brawn, chubby foot on the animal's head, and the dog obeyed. " Come on," he continued ; " him won't bite no, hint only bites do bad foxes.'" Lady Strathapey approached, and held out her hand. '"Have you forgotten me, Rommie?" she asked. "No, inced, I knows ob- oo corned I:th other lady, long, lodng ago. Dat's y kidt, Molly's kid; gramnudder :. ys it's my brudder-ain't it nice " lihe reptlied, giving her one little Iand. and pointing the other toward the kid, which was cropping the green grass-blades a yard dr two away. She tried to answer, but her voice failed; the little prattling voice thrilled her to the heart's core. "Oh, my darling, my darling !" she sobbed, catching the child in her armts, and covering his face and hair with pas sionate kisses. He struggled from hier arms, looking up with wide, wondering eyes. "What do make oo always lby ?" he questioned, a tritlo impatiently; "Ro:nmio don't like folks to ky." "Don't you, darling ?" said the countess, restraining her tears; "then I'll not cry any more, for I want you to like me. Don't you like me, lionsmitl" I " Oh, yes, Rommie likes oa, an' he likes granmudder, an' granpap, an' Molly, lots end lots." " Who is Molly 1" " Molly's my goat-my mammy goat don't no want 'o see her ?" "Not now ; 1'll see her by and by; sit here by me, and let nus talk a little bit. Where's grandmother I" "Tooking supper. We's doing to have tuatant pie-ou want some ?" Lady Strathspey nodded, nnd took his little round right armn in her hands, with a beating heart, almtost fearing to look for the birth-mark, yet feeling sure it was there. "\Won't you let me see your pretty arm ?" she asked. "Yes, indeed'! Does oo want to see my pretty koss, too 1-look a there iovw I" ha cried, pushing tip the loose sleeve of his smack. There it was! The Strithsspeybirth mark, the scarlet cross, dueep and vivid beneath the white, transparent skit ! For an instant the suulight peaks, and all the green valley, swamn before the poor miother's eyes, but by a mighty effort, she :ontr.lled herself. "Little Ronunnie," she said, solemnly clasping the boy close to her hearti " you are mny own child, and as sure as I live, and Heaven helps me, you shall be your father's heir. CHAPTER XVII[. ti' WH5IIR TIUI ErIAL iS SATISIEIr. On this self-same afternoon Lord Strathlspey being unable to procure even so much as a saddle-horse, walked across the country to the shopherd's cottage. Hei was very weak, nid hIis hsad-pained him very badly, but the fierce uurest at his heart was worse by far thanany bodily sufering. He was determined to find out the truth. He would never go back wilh out it. Yet in the very height of lhis jealous determination he felt angered at his own folly in asuffering such a gron-l less suspicion to take possession of him, 1Ie reached the .coppice, and turning sharply round its crorn, came all of a sudden upon-'a carriage,' and Colonel Gilbert Verney strolling up and down in front of it. The two men recognised each other on the instant, and after one short breath of surprise raised their hlats in mutual salutation. The earlstrode on, and Colonel Verney took out hIis cigar and looked after him, growing a shlade paler beneath his Indian bronze in hIis pity for the poor countess, who, hlie felt sure, was beitng pursued by hlier irate husband. "What the deuce brings himn here, I wonder 1" muttered Lord Strathapey, as hle hlurrie:l on. Midway- the mieadow the group beneathi the o·k attracted his attention. Sotme thig in the graceful outlines of the woman's figuro struck a chill of deadly fear through his heart. oie paused, irresoluto for the moment .whether to go or not. The picture before him was one of wondrous beauty; the great, far-spread ing trese, the emerald turf, the graceful figure of the kneeling womnan, and the little Alpine foundling, in his scarlet smock and jaunty cap, standing between his two companions, the grim sheep-dog and the young kid. Even in his asus pense and dumb, incomprehensible dread of, ha know not what, Lord Strathspey felt a thrill of admiration ; and in after years-a-h, years of hitter sorrow, too--he had but to close his eyes and the lovely pastoral scene arose before him, framed as it was by the blue peaks of the Alps. Ile stood like one in a dream, watching the womnan's passionate gestures. He saw her clasp the bor to her breast and kiss and caress him ;' he even canght a faint echo of her unres:rained sobs. Presently she rose to her feet and turned her face toward him ; and the Farl of Strathspey whitened to the very lhne of death, for it was the face of his oen wife. For one brief moment he .was lost in utter bewilderment, unable to believe what he saw with his own eye.. And then a sudd. n thoiutht burst upon him. lie remembered tie waiting carriage, and waiting colonel, round the corner of the coppice. "Oh, Heaven I" hoe groaned, " it is she, It is ail true. And he her companion, IHer old lover. Curse hiss ! he shall die forit I" The words seemed to hiss through his set teeth, hlis face was ghastly to look upon, his o?'ts gleamed with a rage that bordered on madness. Turning on his heel he strode back toward the coppice, and the countess, in her excitement over the child, had no dream of his presence. Colonel Gilbert Verney was pacing up and down before his carriage, evidently ill at ease, yet putling at his cigar in an eminently stoical manner, when the earl burst like an euranged wild beast upon him. " You unprincipled coward I" he cried, catching the officer by the collar, " did you bring my wife here or not t Answer me !" The colonel was a cool, bravo man, one who rarely ever lost command of his temper, lie caught the earl's hand in a grasp that seemed like steel, and removed it quietly from his collar. " Now, imy lord," he sad, calmly, "have the goodness to reserve your epithets and restrain your temper, and we may be able to come to an understand ing." "Did you bring my wife to this placer' thundered Lord Strathspey. "I took charge of her from Dover, at which place I found her ill and unpro tected," answered the colonel ; "and," lie c:ntinued, in a conciliati g tone, " for her sake I entreat you to be calm, and listen to what I have to say. "You took charge of her from Dover, did you I" cried the irate peer. "What business have you taking charge of aty wife, you unprincipled villain! What is she hare for ? Answer mle, or it shall cost you your life." The colonel smiled quietly, but his grey eyes were beginning to blaze. lie was not the man to brook abuse or insult. "0You must ask your countess slhat brings her here," he replied. "It is no atlltir of mine ; yet for her sake, and the respect I bear her, I'll add that her ob ject and her motive are alike pure and good." "'?ou lie!" stormed the earl, absolutely foaming with rage. "No good wife would indulge in such an escapade as this. You are a liar and a coward, Gilbert 'Verney, and I tell you so to . your teeth. "Take care, tmy lord," said the colonel, with an ominous flash in his steel-like eyes. "Take care of what I Do you think I fear you, you snetaking coward' "Lrsrd Strathspey, you'shall answer for your words," returned the colonel, in his calm tones. " Not even for your wife's sake will I bear with such insults as this." " My wife's sake 1" gasped Lord Strathspey. " Oh, you sneaking hound I you shall pay dearly for this. Name the hour and place, and I'll put a bullet through your cowardly heart. You a sold:er. P.lh ! I'll have ygu drummed out of your regiment I" A s'sw crimson was rising in the Indian officer's bronzed cheeks, and his eyes shone like fire. "Very well, any lord," lie replied, "when we meet again all this shall hbo s ttled." i " So is shall," retorted the almost in sane husband, as lie strode away. " I'll settle it fast ouIrigh, by blowing your brains out. I'd do it now, if I only had a weapon, Go yonder, and fetch away your base comnpanion," he continued, pointing ever his shoulder toward the oak beneatlh which his unconscious wife still sat. "She is no wife of dine. From this hour I renounce her forever. You may take her, and welcome, but it shall cost you your holirt's blood." " Lord Strthspey," uttered thsocolonel, making a step forward, his face expreossing the atnxiety he felt, not for himself, but for this woman upon whom these conse quences would fall so heavily, " you are laboring under a great mistake- " But the earl motioned him back, with a savage gesture, and disappenared round the eopsice, reeling at every stop; and before he had gone Ihalf a mile, hle foll, as if a bullet had struck him, face down ward on the greensward of the Tyrol valley. (TO DE COxTI'UsD.) Prof. Hoilprin has writtent a book en. titled "The ticographiaenl Distribulion of Animals. A man recently bought a copy in order to learn why, when the distribution took place, 09 per cent of all the ea's and dogs its the unlverse was awarded to the town in which he resides. It seems strange, but it is a broadguange fact, that there is noe a city or town in the country that didn'tget 9tll per cent of the cats and dogs when the distribution of animals was made. A prepon. derance of horses and cows would have been pitterable. 'Please. sir," said a dilapidated speci men- of humanity, "won't you give me twenty.five cents to get something to eat ? I haven't tasted a morselof food foir two whole days." "Youe look healthy and strong," said the person addressed ;".can't you get work ' "I have work. 1 am an author." " Why, Ilthen, do you Eo:icit alls 1" "I am writing a series oel arrticks on 'IIw I to Get Rich,' but I won't get paid for them until the last one ih printed." Better die a beggar.than live a beg. gar. 