TILE MAN WITH THE BBOKEN ARM. A GHOST STORY. The fbllowing story by the Hion. Stephen 'Coleridge appears, in a lnto number of The Slrompe's Iborld: "Thought I, as the wind wailed without and the cloekkpt up its pitiless repitition, truly it is a fearful niight for a mam to die in, and the deaths of men are as different as their lives. I was startled from my thoughts by some onorilgilg on imlperoussummons at my door. Theoro was as lull in the storm when I opened it. A man was therm under the portico, who at ouco addressed me: ' Are you a surgeon ?' I roplied that I wts; he stepped in, and I closed the door after him, and led him into the library. 'I wish you,' hone said, throwing off his loose cloak with one lhand, ' to doctor my ann.' I now saw that his left anru had notling upon it Iut the shirt sleeve, end chung at his sidu, obviously broken; the reat of his prseon was dressedl in sombre garments indistinguishalble from the iooks against which he stood, sand in the dinsi light only a whito ann, and, if pos sible, whiter face were visible. I took the lamp and brought it to the string.ceourso of the book case close to him, and rolling up the solcve fooid tih arm broken a foew inches above thu wrist. After a niroful examination I explained that it had better io set at once, to which he merely replied, 'TVery good,' rad for half assn hour niotlhing was saidl on eitllher side as I went at may task with profeessional promptitude. When Ill was comaplted, the ann ilxed immuovable, and the cloak thrown over him once more, lie passed into the ball, I opened the door and said, ' It will re?uire looking at,' referring to his arm ; 'wlhen will yos come agains' 'I will coInes igai:lU,' lIo relied, ' whenl our friend is lburied.' SWhalt friend ?' I gasped. The light over my door illumined e he illuovable wlvhto featur?e,; the lips never stirred, but the oyes looked at moo and said, ' IIo whom you had left when I same.' ' In the ralno of God,' said I, 'swho and what are youes' The stranger made ano answer, but, throwing his cloak over his smsouth, strode away into the dlarkoens ... When I reached the house I found that death had been there before me ; my friend had breathed his last about half an hour after I had left himn. I asked whether he had beesn conscious at all efore thle end, ands tlhose about hsim relied that lie lhad talked with emplhasis about some matter they could not uIlderltanld, and that ho had frequently nuen tioned somoee gauntlet about which, as far as they cosld comlprelnsd, lie seemed hi great dis tress. Tlds I attrillted at thoe timo to dolirium, and after a last sad look at the peaceful face I ruturned home sorrowful. On the last dayof thu year the gloomy procession of hearse and car riages started from my friend's house to the cemetery. Chill lun cold semed the chapel is we rose to follow tile coffin to-the graveo, wlFilo the white bare walls echoed gaio to the horrid trunp atnd ecufili of those who hcut under their ghastly blnrdc. Aso we paued out a figuro stelpped from the side of the portirco and joined tl's clow proccs!,on; in aml instant I recognised the stranger whose annr I had set; he bowed gravely to time, rind I returned his salutation. W'hen we reached the grave he took up a position opposite to myself, and I had leisure to observe, in spite or the ample cloak he wore, that he carried a parcel of some size in his right hand. When all was over, one by one the others departed till the stranger and myself were left gatzing down in silence upon the coffin. Ito come sloswly roundndo stood by my aide, but as I rmancedi motionlaess and silent, he at loot addressed ir . 'I wish,' he saild to accompamy you to your house; have you your carriagal? l replied that it was waiting for tmce at the clchatel, and we moved away together in that direction. It was dusk when we reached the e?rriago nld got in. . At my house door I would Ihave bid him bogono in God'a name, Ibut thaot a nmeless fear of him prevented mo: Coldly I invited him to enter, and we passed together into the house. In the library, at Iis request, I aeaminced his arm and did whiat was nececssary to it. WVhen I Ihad fitnihedc this task I ansed hlm as politely as I could whether he had any further buseneas with me, to which he replied that he would ask this oinglo favour of mte, that iltlsouueh as he was leaving the country that night, it would he a kindlnoss to him were I to take charge of a certain parcel, which perhaps I had seen he currecd, unctil his return. I replied that I should Ihave no objoetilo; and, aying ho had left it in the hlll, he went out. Vhilo ho was gone I'turned witlh m back to the room and stirred n1p the lire. 'TIh noise I maindeoin doing this prevented my hearing his footsteps as he returned. I was stooping over the fire with my back to hin, when IhCird his voice behind me say, ' Here it is; it is a gauntlet, for which I shall come to you again.' Thlis mntion of a pauntlet brought some unformed recollection into my mind as I turned round to toko it. When I faced him I saw a sight to freezo the blood ! The moan was holding out towards me the parcel he had carried at the grave-side, but \--with his broLon arm I put out my haud in dumb Ihorror to tiko it. I felt a sudden imlmelne weight that my one ihaud could not :cupport, and tie bundle fell upon the floor he. tweon us with a crash. I glaecod down at it for a bare moment, looked up, and found myself alone! I staggered round, caught ilt ig of my feoature livid in the mirror over the fire, and knoew no more till hours later my servantafound me stretchedl at full length upon the hearthrug, slowly recovering from a doop trance. Before doilng aything olse, I sent oeveryone away, od ,5u0lsne5d tlie buucdl that still lay upon thle floor of my room. It proved to contain, as he had azld, an iron ggumtlet, but one of such enormous proportione that it bacs impossible to conceive a human huad gigantic enough. to wear it. I remembo r tlmt theor wow an unusel.cupboaird in the wall blhind thl :head of . my own oed upstairs, where it might lie- for wver in perfect scafety. I ascended to my bod. room. pulled out the tell, locked bth. ;great nullmtlet into the cupboard, ntld tut the key on to my bunch. Time went on, and Reaslons ei t away, till swhat' I 'have recorded 'wonfacling from eny memory,' when on the nanmo day of the year; seveun yers later,i afteor a terriblcs day's work it the dedsiclo of sltferllng, I eracmhe, my house coltor milouight, Slntald,,eWary.: aI gave the coachlan instructions for the morling, and, thenou, as hot drove. away,. htrs ..to. Opelo the door. Upon the sotps, te liaglit .ler thi door falling upon hise wahy ,features. stood ' maln hol I instantly, recogioed. -I' stood whero I ws'in 'silnc co:'I have 'come,;'. he said quiotly. for:that gauntlat:' nmd-I msaid nothing, hut osncd thetl door and led himi' as I had dono onm n tllo Mtll last, day of theoye-or, seven years bufore; 'ito mr .lihrary.' Tieoe stood the huup atbeforo it ladl stood, .the clock pointed to the very-hour and imnuteoat whichi it had pointed bpforo,.nnd the hitorval of timeo eelcai to, have. vanished, at'.- stroke. ';To-night,' thougtht I as I rag 'the hell loud and lon,' to.night I will not he. alono.' '', I wll fetch it' I sid to'th stragor, and. goin out, locked the study-d'1or bahind me, an w?fited in the luol for my servant. Ins few moments he came hurryingup. ' Now' said, '!stay yai at this door and see that -the man I have locked in there does: not come out.' I monted 'to my bedroom and pulled out the obed from the wall, exposing. thoe ,door ofthe cupboard. I took the candle and lut ib onith ,bea wher it would throw Its light into the plihc when oln.ed, unlocked thel door. and eooklc?ii. It was atbolultoly empty !" ,ith a cry Idiled dowsnatotre, aond hordly kiowillg what I jlhd, .canlledl onll my sercvnt as he valued hit lifo notto lot. the man escape, turned the key, iind burst into the library. There swas no one lthem ! Shutters barred--cldoor . locked--lamp quietlybundng--tho room--emptyl 'You took ill, sir,' said my servant. ' Ay,' Ianswored, '.I am.' I left the house next day never to return. But one windy night, not long age, driving past it,thero,'on the doortep. under the flickering light, I naw tlIl etrcngor wra?pedin ithis cloak. 'A1h, ah !'-soid I to myself, hlighilg, ' they will want lnothir' teiiaot .there soon. As we paaned on 'down the street I lifted the flap behind me in the lick .of the carringo to take another look at the figure, under.the lamp, and saow,' flat oagainst. tlhe glass, close ag?nt my own, that terrible face whlito and fixed I" 