Side Lights. IBr betrP L S3IMoN.] nEc all possess ancestors of greater or less notoriety, although we may be unable to show a record of their doughty deeds. Could a pro ceession of our ancestral ghosts pass before ns, ticketed with name and occunation, we should find a goodly proportion to consist of the pre datory clasoer, who brought wealth into the family, and the remainder to be of the feeble folk, who let the acquired power slip through their fingere. Traces of our ancestors yet run through our veine-some of us gain, and some lose, the good things of this life. Our ancient ansceslress--Mother Eve-left an impress on her girl descendants, who, even in this en lighteued nineteenth cetury, are ever ready to lend an eur to the tongue of the beguiling and handsome young serpent who holde out false promise.; wylie the grand old gardener Adam-has left traces behind him of greedy appetite, and a desire to shake the burden of blame on to the shoulders of his wife, like the famous Mr. Boweser. There is a legend of nursery lore, through whose hero many of us might claim cousinship. It is a ttory of those who have and those who have not. Feeling my cousinehip to the "'I have not any" class, I adopt that hero's name as my pseudonym Simple Spion met o pieooan going to Shs fair; nays Oimyle Siaaon to tile piman, " Let me taste your wamr" For sequel of story, I refer you to Master Tommy, aged five; and, for a practical ap plication of the same, to a business man shrewd enough to know the difference between the "haves" ann "have nothr" in this world of money and woe. THE report of the meetings of the Municipal Council is ever interesting, and ofttimes in structive, and would probably be even more interesting could we but hear it word for word and tone for tone, as in a pionograph. It would take the astuteness ol my friend the pieman, the patience of Job, and the hide of a rhinoceros, to enable a human being to fill a Mayoral chair to the satisfaction of his brother aldermen. Useful information may also be gained from a careful perueal of slder manic utterances. In Tuesday's paper one gentleman is reported to have said "There were many deceased cows in the town giving milk ' Poor things; surely it would be more sanitarily satisfactory to bury or cremate them ! He must have alluded to the cows with the iron tail so familiar to Londoners, and not unknown, even in this happy home of the farmer, during seasons when lacteal fluid is scarce. But, seriously speaking, it is too true that a lamentable want of dairy super vision allows unwholesome milk to be brought into town. Many cows are diseased unknown to their owners, whilst another fruitful source of danger to the community is the unocleauli noes of the milk utensils and surroundings, and the fever-germs to be found in the water used for rinesi:g out the tins. Truly the staff of medical and sanitary inspectors prop:sod by the Health Committee will have no sine cure office; there is work for them in abund ance lying ready at hand, but they must be no respectors of personeos, and have conurage fearlessly to carry out saeitory reforms in the face of abuse and criticism. TnE deaths of three repetsentative men were recorded in last Thursday's paper. John Cameron M'Donald, for many years the re spected end capable business manager of the London Times; Searle, the champion sculler and hero of young Australia: and Robert Browning, one of the greatest literary men of the present century. Mr. M'Donald was a specimen of a long-headed Scotch lad, who had carved his coad to success, and won hin way, step by step, to the position of business manager of that mighty organ-the Times. He understood the details of each grade, and his very interest seemed wrapped up in his work with its vast and complex machinery. A kind-hearted man he was, with a warm place in his heart for his fellow-countrymen, especially if they hailed from Inverness. The Pigott fraud and itl conscquerces must have dealt the eras a bitter blow. Bearle was cut off in the full flavour of his triumph. He died with his laurels thick upon him, and has achieved a niche in the temple of athletic famne. Surely he is to bs envied; his short Ife habs been a carocr of success and adulation ; he will know naught of decaying powers and declining public favour, Robert Browning is the last of the trio-a veteran of mighty intellect. His grand epic poem of "The Ring and the Book" will over find a foremost place in the ranks of literature. The subject is a tragic incident of Italian story, and, from this, Mr. Browning wove four volumes of living interest. To use his own words, he gives us a picture of First, the world's outcry, Around tCe rush and rippl ae o dn feet, Pallen, stoeeele, 'tlumap on tine suotln race ofotlinge; The world's guers, as it croe ds tnie bhn o' the maol, Ae what were Egure andi suestence by their splash"; Then, by vibrations In tle generl mind, Ar deptlh of deed already out of reach. N rotw persono switossein tie seme inoeldent would tien it or decribe it slth identical olourinleg And Robert Browning noemed ever to have toe peculiar gift of sympathy that enabled him to present humanity in all its prismatie lights. "Christmas Eve and Easter Day" is another poem bearing the same eharacteristioc of manysidednels with regard to dogma; and his shorter series of poems, men and women, are rich to over- flowing in treasuree of thought and idea. But let not those who seek for eoothing musical cadence in poetry expect to find their ideal in Browning. As Carlyle has mannerisms exclusively his own in writing prose, so has Robert B'owning amongst the poets; but I know of no modern writer who so richly repays the labour of digging out his unggets of gold. Two musical treats are in atore for us during the present week. The Musical Society are putting forth fresh effsrts,under theirnewcon ductor. MIr. Seymour Dicker, and, from all I hear, their approaching concert will be the gem of the season. Not too classical, but juest clas?sical enough. I have heard the "May Queen" performed on two different occasions, and trust to have that pleasure a third time this evening, for the munsic has a swing of 'iolimking jollity that befits the Christmas sea son, when all is mirth and feasting. By-the way, how is it that the orchestra comes from the metropoli?? Cannot Ipswich produce enough drums, fiddlee, 'cellos, flutes, &o;, to run her own erchestra? Mr. Seymour Dicker is past ma-cer in the science of conductieg choral music, so, perbaps. after a sample of his talent fir wielding the ~nton, some of our local instrumentalists may swell the rankp,and add to the enjoyment of the future concerts given by the society. The second musical treat in store is the deferred concert promised by Madame KorTf and Madile. Maillard. It seems a pity they have not given us a programme of their intended musical evening, but I am as sured that they are both well worth hearing, and that an evening spent in the School of Arts, next Thursday, will not be thrown away. I LEARe from a Scotch newspaper that there is another beside Mr. Gladstone who is deriv ing fame from his collars. This is the royal wearer of what is known in the trade as the "Jamper," the highest collar ever known to he worn by man. The Jampot ie 3in,. high in its narrowest part, and it is a mistake to say it will go any higher: it can't. The Jampot is worn open and closed; stand up a'l round. or with the points bent. It looks as if it had been made for an apoplectic swan who was go ing into buoiness, and wanted So be reepect able--neveor was seen such a collar as thie Jam pot. Several young men have tried to wear it, but have given it up, when on the point of suffocation, at the earnest entreaty of friends. The Jampot has to be made of fourfold linen, or it wouldn't stand alone. It is only made for Prince Albert Victor. He has a rather long neck, and can wear a high collar. Tash sams journal states that the ingenuity of the age soars almost to the height of sub limity I A new inventor has oometo the front, proftessing to have made some curious re sachr a into chemistry which throw all modern inventions into the shade. He professes not only to have discovered how to condense champagne. sherry, and brandy into powders, which, when diluted with water, make excel. lent wine and spirit, but how to retain '"all the delights of iotoxicatioo without inebriety." A quart of the strongest Scotch whisky can be drunk without any evil effect. If this is true (says the Echo), Sir Wilirid's occupation is gone. What is the use of a Sunday Closing Act when a toper can shake his toddy out of a pepper-box ? 