Mr. Mackays Farewell. FOB some time past it bas been' known that the Rev. R: Keith Mackay, the pastor of the.local Congregational Church, has: found that, in consequence of the Barrier climate disagreeing with his wife and children, he must quit his pastorate in Broken HUI. He has received a 4* cali" to take charge of the chief Con- gregational Church in Sandhurst, a city having just double the population of this town, and he left by the early train this morning. Last night a social gathering wai held in the Congregational Hall to wish him god- speed, and the departing minister was made the recipient of several farewell gifts and the subject of Beveral farewell speeches. The hall was deco- rated with flowers and appropriate mottoes, and was well Ailed, considering i the coldness of the weather. One feature of the meeting was the preponder- ance of young faces amongst those pre- sent. The proceedings opened with a hymn and a prayer, and Mr. J. J. Williams then, on the invitation of Mr. Mackay, took the chair. Mr. Williams, in acknow- ledging the compliment, spoke in high terms of Mr. Mackay and said that all who knew him, not only his own congre- gation, must deeply regret his departure. He wished Mm «ill prosperity and hoped that not only would his Barrier friends hear from him now and again, but that he would gladden them with a sight of his face again. Mr. Williams alluded to Mr. Mackay's great services as a member of the. hospital committee, and to the generally elevating tone of the social in- tercourse which he had promoted amongst bis congregation. Then, on behalf of thé congregation, Mr. Mackay was presented with a gold med?l, andj on behalf of the young men, with a gold; locket set in diamond», both ornaments' ' suitably inscribed, also with a gold; albert from the general public. In acknowledging these gifts, the rev. gentleman said that he would not make a long speech at that early stage 'of thc meeting.as he had à few parting, words tc say at the. slose. He \was, . he - said, sc touched by these tokens from~the-people among whom he had worked for 12 months that he could not truBt himself tc Bay all he felt, for fear he might play th« woman, and he.did not ,, want to mar thc enjoyment'ôf, the meeting? He could say however,. th<*t these gifts would act ai solaces in times of trouble and disappoint ment and a's charms to open the hearts o thoBe to whom he was going. His family too, would share in his keen appreciation of these mementos of the goodness, kind ness, and, he hoped he might say, love oj his Broken Hill congregation. ?, During the wyening several songs wer« interspersed among the addresses: Mrs Wilkinson gave Cowen's beautiful ( 1 Th< Better Land," very nicely. Mr. Rockliffe' bass voice was heard to advantage .h " The Mighty Deep." Miss Letheb; rendered Handell's aria,1 " He shall feet His flock," with correctness; and Mr Lyall gained an encore for " The Star o Bethlehem." , An interval of ton minute in the middle of the evening was pleasant! utilised by general conversation, and th partaking of fruit. The speech-makers were Messrs. Wm Orr, A. Barratt, J. L. Shièrlaw, J Kimber, and Gore. Mr. Orr expresse* unqualified regret, on behalf' of thi church ' committee, at Mr. Mackay1 departure. He had proved himseli besides being a good minister, to be ' good business man, : and he possesse three great and.all-necessary, qualities namely,- sincerity, earnestness, and a ref good heart. Mr. Mackay's ideal was right one in aiming to promote the socil welfare of the people in a body. I founding the pleasant Bocial unions i connection with .'!< the i church, h tended towards breaking! down'I th barriers between classes and creeds and set a worthy example. It was, indeed a matter of regret that the delicacy c I Mr. Mackay's:famüyí nécessita ted hi I leaving the Barrier. The oongregatio might get a more eloquent successor, bu not one who would get so firm a grip c their hearts and who would besides gai the almost unanimous goodfeeling of th town. Mr. Barratt, being called upon, rc marked that he was a Presbyterian not Congregationalistjbut he had come to Mi Mackay's ohurch because it suited hin He had been asked by the Preabyteria General Assembly if there were room fe a church of that denomination in Broke Hill and had replied that there was nol at present, . and that Mr. Mackay W£ undenominational enough to suit a man c any sect. He contended that the ohúrc waa established not for the accentuation ( denominationalism but for, the ; establisl mpnt and advancement of truth. Mr. i L. Shierlaw,on behalf of the Literary an Improvement Society in connection wit the ohurch, presented Mr. Mackay with travellingf.bag, suitably fitted, as a toke of the society's appreciation bf his'service as, founder and president.} ,;The: speakc eulogised "BK.' Mackay's; "energy and pe: severance ¿nd said that they,would a miss him very much. : Mr. Mackay] i reply, thanked the members of the societ for this useful gift and made humoroi allusion to the uses of its contents. Mr , Bamber spoke SB representative of theFri day night socials which Mr. Mackay had in ?titutedinconnection with the church, and which fie described as green spots in the desert of the rongh life on the Barrier. The choir, under the direction of Mr. Evans, then rendered the glee " Cloud-capped Towers," and Mr. Gore followed with an addresB on behalf of the Sunday School, testifying to the living, loving interest which Mr. Mackay had always shown in that work. Mr. Mackay then delivered his valedic- tory address. He Baid he spoke oat of the abuadance of hiB heart in reply to the testimonials and the kind words which had been said to him. First of all he was glad that his ever staunch' friend, Mr. Williams, was chairman that evening. He had been in many relationships with Mr. Williams, and always with hearty co-operation and mutual good-feeling. The only fault he had to find with "what had, been , said about himself was that the speeches , were too kind. He had, like the ghost in the. American Btory, read a most flattering description - on his tombstone. The church committee had always given him hearty support, and no pleasure would be greater than listening to appreciative words from his co-workers. He' hoped no branch of the work would languish after he had left, and in the days to come he trusted that he would be able to hear, and also to see, what had been done. He had reason to be very grateful to the local Press, which had really treated him with more kindness than he deserved. "' In . the new field to which he , was going, he : would find some hearty4 old Barrier ; folk! to welcome him. _ ' Mr.'i!Evans,'; the choir- master, and his choir' had always given him ready and cheerful assistance. The recollection pf thia kind; parting, tinged as it was with pain, would yet help him to face the trying ordeal of entering a new pulpit . next-Sunday, and facing a new congregation. His successor, the Bey. E. Hampden Cook, B.A.,' was a man of superior, attainments,and ; would, he was sure, be able to tell the great story better than he could. If spared to come back on his holiday 12 months hence he trusted to find this and all the other local churches growing strong. The ordeal of parting was severe, and all that should be said could not be said. He found that he could not do justice to his work while separated from his wife and family. With a few touching words of affectionate fare- well, and with more than a suspicion of emotional tremor in his voice, Mr. Mac- kay conoladed with invoking the blessing of God on all present, The meeting concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman, carried by acclamation, and those present than came up and one by one took personal leave of Mr. Mackay. 