THE NEW SOUTH WALES COUESING CLUB. The New South Wales Coursing Club opened the sea son on Saturday most auspiciously, the weather being all that could be desired, and the members of the club had occasion to be highly pleased with :the attendance, which was an indication that this year the public are likely to take more interest in the sport, which has languished dnring- the past few seasons. The coursing was also of an interesting nature, 'but speculation in the various courses was of .a limited nature, ?principally because of the fact that only two members of the ring put in an appearance. The consequence was that the odds asked were of such a high nature that only the rash bettor ventured to speculate. Aa a great number of the favorite3 were beaten, the takers of the odds must have had a good time of it during the afternoon. The Bosehill authorities deserve every credit for the way in which they carried out the card ; and the genial secretary, Mr. Eowley, with his partner (Mr. Clark) caused the meeting to '' go' by the leading interest which they evinced in every course, and their enthusiasm quite infected the others. The stewards attended to their duties well, and Mr. J. Bridle as slipper performed satisfactorily, although the start lie made was not promising. The little bungling, however, which was noticeable in getting the first two pairs away was more due to the greenness of the puppies than to any fault of the slipper. Mr. E. F. Gatenly was judge, and although one of his decisions was not concurred in by . many of the spectators, the latter were perfectly con fident as to the experience and integrity of Mr. Gatenby. The decision to which exception was taken was in the first course between Eeprieve and New minster in the Dog Puppy Stakes. The slip was a bad one, and was made worse by '^jie fact that New minster was unsighted. This gave Eeprieve a long advantage, but when Newminster did seei the game he showed himself both faster and cleverer than the other puppy. Indeed, when a strong hare escaped, it was thought that New minster had wiped out the score made by his oppo nent in the early part of the course, but the judge thought otherwise. It was hard luck for Mr. Nixon that his puppy should have been unsighted, as other wise he must have beaten Eeprieve, and as the latter von the Stakes Newminster's chance must have been a great one. The competition brought to light Lochiel, a full brother to Lincoln. The way in which he downed Bullion in his first course stamped him aa a brilliant pappy ; but he was subsequently beaten by Charcoal. The course, however, was a short and unsatisfactory one, and Charcoal's subsequent running strengthened the impression that his victory over Lochiel was a fluke. Mr. A. Town9's Taxation, by Windsor out of Thrift, won the Bitch Puppy Stakes. She was bred by Mr. Weir, and, strange to say, the opponent which she had the most difficulty in beating was Welkin,nomi uated by Mr. Weir. St. Mary came with a big re putation; but she is evidently a bit of a rogue, and was rather easily beaten by Flirtation. She is, however, a particularly nice looking youngsters. Polly Gray won the Opening Stakes, and old Sloth appropriated the Plumpton Stakes. The hares ran fairly well, but they evidently did not know the escapes, ani most of them in consequence fell vic tims. Following are the details of. the various DOG PUPPY 6TAEE3. Mr. E. Pollard's be and w d Eeprieve, by Haw thornden — Water Lily, beat Mr. W. Nixon's bland w b Nevrinster, by Clyde — Brown and Eoso. Dr. J. Lamrock's r and w d Lonsdale, by Borneo H. — Lucy Dashwood, beat Mr. J. Mahony's bl and w d Bashful Darkic, by Bashful Jerry — Lady Bandon. Mr. G. Cobcroft's b 1 and w d Charcoal by Menacer — Countess of Kew, beat Mr. J. Mahoney's b 1 and w d Master Jerry by Bashful Jerry — Lady Bandon. Mr. P. A. Lamb's b d and w d Lochiel, by Crab tree-r-Eondeletia, beat Mr. S. Bladon's b d and w d Bullion, by Bright Star — Bridget. First ties : Eeprieve beat Lonsdale, Charcoal beat Lochiel. Final : Eeprieve beat Charcoal. BITCH. PUPPY STAKES. Mr. A. Town's f b Taxation, by Windsor— Thrift, beat Mr. J. Weir's r b Welkin, by Eent Charge^. Birchbroom. ?..-.- Mr. W. Nixon's bd and w b Chrysolite by Acolyte — Caller On beat Mr. E. W.Pearco's bl and wb Lady bird, by Clyde— Trivenies. ' ? ? ? Mr. N. F. Giblin's r and w b Graceful, by Crabtree ' — Hopbine, beat Mr. W. Petersen's bl and w b Mis-, chief, by Menace— Turmoil. ' : Mr. G. B. Eowley's w and bl b Flirtation, by Mag net — Unita, beat Lord Sfc Leonard's bl and w b St. Mary, by Mornington — Pet; Girl.... .. ?' ???''.' First ties : ''.taxation beat Chrysoliti, Graceful beat Flirtation. : - ? Final : Taxation beat Graceful. ' ? _.!' OPENING STAKES. Mr. E. W. Pearce's f and w d Sweetbraa, by. Beach —Stella,' beat Mr. G. K. Clark as bl vxAvr b Lady in Black, by Crabtree— Ladylike. Mr. G. B. Rowley ns r and w b SoBehill, by lyo— Quail, beat Lord St. Leonard's f b St. Wnumede, by Hopmarket — Palin Flower. ?:?-??? ... ? ? Mr, John Smith's bl b Gipsy, by Lauderdale — Hecla, beat Mr. W. Nixon's ns f w.d Warhawk, 'by Lord Stair — Molin&ra.; ?? . ' . E Mr. J. 4 Longworth's bl and w b Polly Gray, by Clonmell— Parilla, beat Mr. A. Town's x d Tanglefoot, by Lauderdale-^Countess of Kew. .. First ties : Eosehill beat Sweethriar, Polly Gray beat Gipsy. . . Final : Polly Gray beat Eosehill. THE PLUMPTON STAKES. Mr. E. W. Pearce's f d Sloth, by Dead Shot— : Quail, beat Mr. G. S. Eowley' s bd and w d BovoraL by Hollingworth — Lawn Tennis. Mr. W. E. Solly's be and w b Fassifern, by son of Fugitive — Fly, beat Mr. P. A. Lamb's f and w b' Birchbroom, by Harkaway — Bega. Mr. G. E. Clarke ns w and be bEita,by Malone— . Caller On, beat Dr. J. Lamrock's bl and wd Teviotdale, by Lauderdale — Lady Cheapside. Mr. J. Longworth's r orTw d Labarnum, by Kelso — M. E., beat Mr. E. W. Pearce's bl and w d PearL by Eaven— Poll. First ties: Sloth beat Fassifern, Labarnum beat Eita. Final : Sloth, beat Labarnum. In the Dog Puppy Stakes Eeprieve led New minster more than a dozen lengths from a very bad slip, and scored a number of points before Newminster. got in. The latter, however, never gave the other dog a show afterwards scoring, all the way to cover. The judge, Mr. Gatenberry, however, put up, the. flag in favor of Eeprieve. The slipper appeared to bungle the next slip, but Bashful Darkie would not face the game, and Longsdale had a long, gruelling course all to himself, and during the trial he proved himself a promising puppy. Charcoal led Master Jerry, and did all the work. Lochiel, a promising brother of the great Lincoln, was slipped with his kennel com panion Bullion. Mr. Lamb's puppy showed great brilliance, and outcounted the other puppy, which is also a good one, at all points. In the Bitch Puppy Stakes Taxation beat Welkin after a pretty even course, the first-named getting the advantage in the run-up. The winner was bred by the o'wner of the beaten puppy. Chrysolite beat Ladybird very easily. Graceful led Mischief and turned the game into the latter' s mouth, and she put herself out by killing. Flirtation beat St. Mary very cleverly. The latter occasionally showed a capa bility of doing good work, but on the whole displayed an inclination to run cunning. In the Opening Stakes Sweetbriar led Lady in Black to the hare, but let the hitter in several times afterwards. A slovenly trial, in which the chances must have been nearly equal, ended in favor of Eose hill. Gipsy led Warhawk, and scoring the early points won, as WarnawK, wben he got in, spoiled his chance, with an early kill. -The same may ' be said of the course between Polly Gray and Tangle foot. In the first round of the Plumpton Stakes Sloth proved himself altogether too 'fast for Bowral. Fassi fern led Birchbroom to the hare in consequence of the latter being unsighted, and as the hare was noi strong enough, Birchbroom had no time to wipe out her early disadvantage. Eita made a ' show of Teviotdale doing all the work, and Labarnum did not give Pearl the ghost of a chance at any portion of their course. In the second round for the Dog Puppy Stakes Eeprieve gained the early points, and, then beat Lonsdale. Charcoal occasioned much surprise by beating Lochiel to the hare ; and after Lochiel had' got only once in Charcoal finished a somewhat Un satisfactory trial by a kill. ? In the second round for the Bitch Puppy Stakea Taxation had all the best of Chrysolite in a short course. Graceful juBt led Flirtation to the hare ; but - cleverly held possession until she went, wide . by making' a hard drive. Flirtation then got' in, and held possession while she made four or. five wrenches. Graceful then got in and had a manifest advantage at the end of a really good- trial. . Sweetbriar beat Eosehill to the hare, and in a short ..and satisfactory trial appeared to those in the. stand to. have an advantage; but when ..the course was brought to a speedy close by a kill the flag went up in favor of Eosehill. Polly Gray led up, and scoring the early points left too heavy an account for Gipsy to wipe out. . . In the second round ot the Plumpton Stakes Sloth gave Fassiferna decided beating in a long gruelling course, and Laburuam served Bita similarly in a less severe trial. ? . . .. . j In the finals Charcoal led Eeprieve to the hare and turned, and although he afterwards held off' his game he seemed to have slightly the best of ' the course; but the judge, who was in the best position to judge, awarded the victory to Eeprieve. In the Opening Stakes Tolly Gray had all the best of Eose hUl ; as did Sloth in a short course with. Laburnum in the Plumpton Stakes. 