CONFIRMATION AT IfirNIXS: CHOfiCH.;" The rite of confirnmtion'was.i^raiinKtered to 51 oandidrtss anWefiuesday evening lasti at thepLhove ahnidh by -the SiBllltip ol Mel- bourne (Dr- Goe), S,. i Cooke, M.A^ vicar of ihe jparish -of; Maldon. After a hymn had -been «nng by choir, the candidates weFecslledaptut to; their vows, the nsual service being; eld/iwhich wasiof> most aolemn and im-_ pressiva nature. Beforehand - after the, the candidates'were addressed by; his lordship with an exliortition which was; with earnestness -and einipli- ; city. 3jn the; course of :tbe address -bis" lordship £aid -that a -child did -what' he was told^rithoHt question, showing his elders an J example of implicit Gbedience, for we had to ^ do many tilings when young, of ivhich when we were grown pp we understood the vfiluft. - The importance of confirmation was referred, to, -ratifying the vowerthat had been- tnade" on eur behalf. After the ceremony Dr. Goe sud - this sheuld be a very happy :'time,- and reminded them of the importance of the step they had taken- Many a time ^peopleyespeciailyyoung people, made good -resolutions which were -swept away by the first wave of temptation. -M oire made a promise to one's companions it should be regarded as sacrcd, but hew much more should this rati-, fication of vows made-foc/them wliich was a public prefesmon nf their'ialth-before the world. The influence of parents was a very important -matter, if Jttie home iofluenoe was not with them, their Vlifficulties would be much-greater. He 'tniBted4hcy -woiald all attend their first communion on Sunday, and that their parents : *fould show their sympathy with them by attending too. Confirmation shouldjiot. be^onsiderjed. as a mere ceremony,' but as.-£mr introdaction to the holy communion to -whicli privilegc it entitled them. .. For «ny. one fo Jbe eonfirmed smd'not to partake of ithe comoiunion was like anyone gaining admimioc. to a "banqueting iioil and -being -contented with merely looking on jand not pELrticipating in thefeast. The importance of regular prayer was dwelt upon,"and the advisability, of Christiann giving more time to-reading their.-bibles was mentioned i 'a eoggestion 4>eing made that their reading should he conducted in a systematic way, say daily reading of the lesson; for the day as an example, In -eonclusion his lordship referred them to ^he beautiful] lazumase-of aliymn'tBat theyiaa.Bung that, night which - • would - in the future - bring ''••• back • their memories .to the .present occasion.' nn™« the offertory £he anthem : ' Come! Holy Ghost my eoul inspire" was rendered with expression by the choir, Urs. Cooke taking the solo. Ihero was larae^engregatlon, kearly every «eat being filled, and the chureh presented -a vet; beautiful ap pekraake; " " 