TWO CfiftfSTMAS OftYS, "" — Ob,—" The Mysteries of Seacombe Orange. ¥ C ' «.- "CHAPTER III. She was silent during the evening, and took up a b$ol£/but! thfc;pAges were 'not turned, and hef eyeV'waftdered aifrayto fix themselves on the fire, while a smile that was perhaps the reflection of happy thoughts boril of the afternoon's memo ries hovered round her lips. For my own part, I was not at all inclined to interfere with her mood, having sufficient food for meditation of my o |m. </ So ihe hours wore themselves away, and if struck hie that if a stranger had happened to have come in he would have rather wondered at the > sight that greeted him — the long,low;dark room, with its shadowy corners, where the light of the candles would\not. .penetrate, and the blazing wood fire shining " on two " girls, curled up in roomy arm-chairs on either side of the hearth, and both as silent as if they had lost their tongues. It was rather a stormy night." The curtains were drawn and the shutters shut but for all that we could -hear the sound of the raindrops beating against the window, and the wind was; sighing and moaning as it sighed and -moaned round no other house, as if there were s pirits in it who were striving to make themselves heard above the din of the elements. As I said good-night I kissed Lorna, . and shejl.Qoked at me so. intently that for the moment I almost thought she intended taking me into her confidence ; but I was mistaken, fpr.. she., rather hastily bade me aieu/ ,a|d preceded me- upstairs. " ' " " I think I must have been restless that night, for, before undressing myself, I went to the window and gazed out into the sullen wintry darkness, and then paced up and down the room, my thoughts dwelling not,on Lorna and her lover, Jjut op Godfrey Marchmont, and the adventure that had befallen us in the afternoon. I recalled my sensations as we stood in front of the tomb, and suddenly I came to'a standstill in' the middle of my chamber, my heart be ginning to beat with a pulsation that threatened to choke me. Above the sighing of the wind, the beating of che rain, the tapping of the ivy boughs on the casement, I heard a sound that seemed too soft and clear to belong to any human thing, and it said three time — ' . . . " Alice ! Alice !> Alice ' I listened," holding rfiy breath, and then I sank down on a chair and tried to persuade myself that I had been the victim of delusion ; but, strive as I would those strange low syllables still lingered in my ears, and I could riot get rid of the impression they had made upon me. I reasoned, I argued, I scolded myself, all to no avail ; and, finally, I got into bed, covering my head with the clothes like any foolish schoolgirl frightened by a ghost story. My room was a large one, opening on to a corridor, at the other end of which Lorna slept, the apartments between being unoccppied ; for old Cyrus and his wife were located on the opposite side of the house, and so, as a matter of fact if I had been at all nervous I might have found some uround for annrehension in my loneliness. I had never even thought of it brfptebut;|r;tppight;I. remembered it wit|:d|gh piof. fearj:which, however, I did my best to repress. Sleep seldom deserts the young and healthy ; it cannot ., even be frightened away by superstitious terrors, and so before long I fell into a slumber that was as firm and sound as usual, and that must have lasted quite two hours. I awoke, not lingeringly and reluc tantly, still straggling with the influence of dreams ; but all at once, with every faculty preternaturally keen, my eyes wide open, my, brain on the alert, ' my nerves strung1 to their highest tension. The fire had burnt low "down in the grate, and was now 9 mass of scarlet cinders that threw a ruddy glow over the chamber, . ptorex especially that part of it immediately in froqtf of the hearth ; and there I saw in the very centre of the radius of light a .woman : standing, her figure bent slightly forward, her eyes fixed on mine, her onejxand raised as if. to beckon. ' Long folds of neutral-tinted drapery fell about her, her face was white, the outline of her .figutfe misty, her whole appearance vague and shadowy and unreal, but the features themselves were perfectly distinct, and impressed them selves on my memory with the vividness of a photograph. For the first few seconds — hours they seemed to me— I could only keep my eyes fixed on her, as if by a species of fascination, while 1 felt every drop of blood recede , from my face. Then/ by some species of intuition that . ' I cannot explain now any more than I understood it then, my courage seemed to revive, and an odd 'sort of idea flashed over me that, whatever the mystery of this appear ance. I Was destined to elucidate itl r ' 1 sprang out of bed, and went forward, put before I could reach the spot where it was standing, the figure glided away, and now paused by the door, still looking at me, still with its arms' outstretched; " Who are you ?" I exclaimed. And even to myself my voice sounded strange and far-off. There was no reply, but,, ifeys evei spoke, the large, mournful 'greyones did, and it seemed to me that I rightly inter preted their message. Certainly, there are moments in oui lives when we cast away the, -fetters ,-ol humanity,, and ' fr ourselvesf Trom Idu Influence of its fears, its customs/ it! weaknesses, and such to me were those j that followed. ' I was conscious of no terror, hardly, 1 indeed, of curiosity. All my feelings « seemed merged in one intense, desire to yield myself utterly' to the will of her who ' had thus strangely sought me, and when < she flitted through the door I followed < along the passage, which was ' faintly 1 illuminated by such gleams of moon light as struggled between the ivy boughs 1 and so onward until we came to a room 1 which I had never before entered. That also was filled with the dim moonlight, which revealed a sitting room, furnished with quaint old chairs and tables, which looked as if they had not < been dusted for half a" century. At the one end was a curious old Indian cabinet, beside which the figure >, paused, again lifted its hand, and receded into the shadow of the curtain. Impetuously I took a few steps for ward, stretching out my arms to touch her. Nothing save the unresisting air met my clasp. , I, looked round bewil-, dered ; every object of furniture in the apartment was distinctly outlined, and the atmosphere full of the steel-bule mist of the winter, moonlight, ;sotliat!. if,;Jthere had been anyone there I . must have seen them. But there was not ; the figure had vanished, and I was alone 1 CHAPTER IV. I suppose I must somehow have con trived to reach my own chamber, but how I did it I never afterwards knew. When I fully: regained my senses the fire had bunrt out, and the clock was striking five. I crept shivering into bed, and then lay still, my brain in a tumult of wonder and perplexity. "Had I been dreaming?'' I asked myself, but the answer was a positive negation, My recollection was far too vivid and distinct to be merely the result of a dream. The only conclusion at which I could arrive was that I had really been visited by some being from another world, but for what purpose I had no means of telling. Oh! this horrible house, I wished with all my soul I had never seen it. I resolved to leave it at all hazards — to go away this very morning, and never look upon it again. . By-and-bye, when I grew a little calmer, and after having travelled in a circle round the mystery without getting any nearer its solution, I became pos- essed of a sudden idea/ which I lost no time- in executing. I got up, slipped on my clothes, drew up the blind, through which the first sullen streaks of dawn came in, and then produced my drawing materials, and proceeded to make a sketch. Heedless of how time was passing, I kept on hard at work, until nine o'clock, and then I threw down my pencils and ' stood a little way off gazing at the results of my labour. .... From the easel a pair.of eyes looked at me eagerly, imploringly, entreatingly, " just as " those of my viisitor had done The face was pale and shadowy, and I had contrived to impart to it the mystic vagueaess that had struck me so much. But, for all .that, the portraits, as a portrait, was good, and I was impressed by a certain familiarity in the features — a resemblance to someone I had seen before/ but whom I could not at that moment remember. A quick knocking at the door made me turn my picture with its face towards the wall, and. a, minute later Lorna came ,ih very white,, 9nd;/: evidently much agitated ; had she been less so she must have remarked my own pallid face, which as it was, passed unnoticed. . " What is the matter ? are you iill ?" I asked, alarmed at her appearance. . " No, not ill, but , in very great trouble she replied, hastily. " I have no one to come to but you. Can I trust you ? Will yQU.be; my. friend,- 1 wonder ?" , She took hold of my shoulders and turned one towards the window, so that the light fell 'on my eyes, into which' she steadfastly gazed. " Trust me or not, as you like," I answered. " I have never yet betrayed confidence, and I do not think I am likely to begin now." " Perhaps, after I have told you all, you will say I had no other alternative.' However, listen !" ' , She clasped her hands on my arm, and spoke with a -rapidity that was almost incoherent. ' " I am secretly engaged to a gentle- man, who is clerk in my step-father's office, and whose acquaintance I made through his being sent down here to examine some deeds relating to this house.. I saw . him yesterday, and ap pointed to meet him again this morning, in order to give him back a large sum of ; money, which, at my entreaty, he handed ; ti> me to. take care of. ; Last /night, when I went to bed, I put the pocket-book containing the money under my pillow, 'this' moirnirig. when I looked, it was . gone!" " (Sgine I'VI echoed in Anriiement. " Without heeding my exclahiation, she continued — " Before getting into bed, I carefully f -lopked the.door, and, notxm)y/;that, jbut, i because I was;rather nervous/!T . looked behind the hangings and in every recess :o make sure I was alone. It was a fpol- sh notion, perhaps, but my mind was full of these notes, and I was unreason ably apprehensive for their safety. When j woke up, my first action was to feel fot :hem under the pillow, and then I iiscovered they were not there. I sear- :hed every hole and corner of the room out all to no avail." " .Nonsense I exclaimed." " The notes must be there and you have overlooked them." To he Continued. e 