Robber Bears at San Mateo. By Nathan D. Urner. t t ---e-- In the early days of the Colorado gold I fever it would have been difficult to make the inhabitants of the little Mexican village of Pueblo (now Puebla City) believe that a Captain Vasco, the famous bandit chieftain of the San Mateo range, was not intelligently and effectually assisted in his successful do-e ciance of efforts to capture him, by all the bears, black, brown, cinnamon and grizzly, of the wild, wooded region and rock-piled t heights contiguous to his mountain fast. Indeed, sharers in this seemingly aeburd belief were not wanting among the soldiers and scouts at the neighboring fort; and r there was, after all, some foundation in fact for the superstition. The bears had been seen mingling freely with the desperadoes in the thick of the fight, during the last stand against the troopers, and contributing immensely to the victory. On all-fours or erect, armed with Seormous knotted branches torn from trees, or with only their clnaws pawing amid the deet) snows of the higher precipices, and sending down avalanches upon thie heads ot tihe luckless assailants, their savage and phenomenal appearance had struck super natural terror to the would-be bandit exter minators, and caused the attack to be relin. r qulslhed in panic and ldismay. At least, such was the burden of the re ports, andi there was enough foundation in these to afford room for any numberof exag. gerations, which tile robbers were willing enough to turn to their account. But it was reserved for maiden purity and innocence to probe the dread mystery to the core. These qualities were combined in the per son of lea, or Isadora, Mahlana, an ignorant but very beautiful young blanket.wenaver of Puebla, where the serpes, or Mexican blankets, produced by .ser old aunt Mianuela and herself were unrivalled for their dura. bility, the brilliancy of their parti.colored stripes, or their ducka'-back capacity of shedding water. As a matter of course, Isa had admirers in plenty, for silo was as amiable as she was charming; but ler favored admirer was Jim Scannell, a brave young hunter-scout in the military employment. One bright winter morning, as Isa was on her way over tihe mountain trail on lher Ileet snowshoes, and warmly mulled against the driving winds, she encountered her lover makilg his way to tile fort, and carrying on Iles broad shoulders tile carcase of a fat, black-tailed doe, which he had that morning shot at the salt-licks of the Blue Water Canyon. c " Whieh way, Isa 1" he asked, his eyes danncirng at tile slght of her as be threw down his burden for a love chat that was always in order with him. " Not over Long Trail, screly?" " Yes, Santiago," responded her delicious voice--sie mostly Spacnshiseil his given name thus--" to my uncle's at San Fellipe. We are out of red and grey wools, andi toey must be had or our loom will be idle." " To San Felipe I" cried the scout. ".You mlast not go, Isa-at least, not until I can go with you." "I have no choice, Santigo." And a melting look ifu her deep eyes told how gladly she would have had his escort. " Ilat it is madness. The trail skirts thle worst fnstness of Vasco and his hand, andt there's a chance of a fight tolday. A squadl set out to reconnotre h?efore dayhrerak withi h.it a regiment of Mexican volunteenrs to a k tlm lnesides yore might meet some And he ended with a short laugh, though earnest enough in his protest. lea gave a little shudder, but she was not wvl:olly fearful. " I must go, Santiago, Vasco or no Vnace," said she, smiling. "And as for tile bears, you forget that Captain Josu was my poor father's friend, which would stand me in good stead." Scannell's face grew troubled. He did not forget that Ina's "poor father" had been a robber-captain, into whose shoes Jose nasco head stepped at the time of the former's violent death. Neither did he for get-still more maddening rellcetion !--that it had been clt and diled between tihe t former bravo and Ills lieutenant that t sadora was one dlay to be the latter's wife. " )on't cross the Long Trail today," he persisted. " There is always dsnger whcen s Vasco is Abroad. I am on dlty at the fort is to-day, an I tomorrow we make al attack on the outlaws. Itut alter that I can ac company you to San Folipe." b " I anm not afrald. Ilesidels, I have no 1 choice. We have seven blankets promised, a our looms are idle for lack of the scarlet a wools, and an old Manuela would be frantic i were I to return without them. Good.byo, Santiago I" She turned p tile mountain, and he saw sihe was not to Ibe dlissaded. t " Whlt is the matter, dearest ? Is (tat (1 the way we separate t" I A\ sheo pauserd in pretended surprise, he tl sprang after her for the good-bye kiss. cl Hardly hadl she struggled, laughing ansd blushing, out of hies arms, before a clark face . -a handsome face, too, but just then dis. torted with jealous haired-peered out ca fromt an overhanging rock, and was gone in a flash. And then the younLg girl was springing 01 away iup the trail, kissing ler hand merrily es to her lover until he disappleared. lhe way to Sacn Ferlipe was a goodl nine c milos ever the Iuntnlins, and much of it f, through many otf tlce wildest Ihaunts f tihe p robber-land. litnt the snow wnas well erested., l the deeper drifts could Ibe avoided, and Iea, a wiho was well used to snow-shoe travelling, Ililted, glhled, or bounled swiftly along the II reIte'l, with which she had been more or lesR famisliar from her cldlilhood, andi with eonly an occasional timeid iance about her, as else was passing undler Les Pinous dte Di)lablo [i t Ilevil'e 'ines],apartly-foreted, snow.choked steelp, out of which the Iears were said to lssue at critical momlents iu response to tile rohher.captlaln's sunllmons. She reached lier destination without mis. Inap0, obtained her wools from the nldnetrlous n Indians there, and, after enjoylng a little a lunch, was on her homeward road, wmih re. a freshed strength and a hopeful heart. elit shel had hardly repiosse.d tunder the frowning brow of the Dolvi ln hoes, when a there was a low enll, Ic iemitation of a coyoti's is yell, tfrols the thLilcket to her left. is hes stopieed Ice itrrocr as a plewerflly. 1 ulste, dlcuresqu o rffiian eande his appear-. ancee, wtl a warening gelsture, and IJose \aeso, thie dreadedl robber caistil, was in her sath, Slaaughtcer nf miy sel conradsl anld cat. tain," said iea, with a semile, " 'tls not long eluser we have mlet, s l eus l y leave grownee I.,veller ani Ilovellcr. Y't aree sweeter lihane iua eriagerbells Ultlc hase ioeo loncg deferred, cy vlower I' lndora strove toI appelar Indflloresnt, thoulih too lunch terrllehd to spesk. Ties last ltheese s lne had esn ties anln was nearly tlreou years Ihefere, at her flather's death.lsed. HisleImn w.is ilhad tieni been esele iy her falhor, ,Illedgling her nos this man'n fultre hrhhel Mhe esen renueiehereld hhc lo have ceeilleld her te elncl hInds wtllh Json ersss his Iholie, wihi les hs meltercd a sealing hlesdlcell with his d.vln tIles. IlUt thlat wrns all. It was in55re like the recollect sen of I hhleoees dren l thcas asight Ithe had hIe cd that J,,soe had eltiher cr*. gotehl n Iall ablse tih nlsoralel treth iilhtil sr wee t nscIevesr earso I e ihRsnnd IIe fulill. lU i hl ecc I, Idlesn nver tho eght of cifhn atc all but wnllb fsellce of hoceorr I and Ilotw h all, well might she turn pale and catch her breath at the unmistakable meaning of those greeting words ; at the fervent gaze of those gloomy and remorseless eyes I Angered at her scarcely-concealed rupul. sion, no less than inflamed by her beauty which was perhaps enhanced by her trepida. tion-he lost no time in letting her know that he had forgotten nothing, but regarded her aId as Irrevocably bound to him. "e "Why do you not speak to me, little one 1" he at last exclaimed. " Shall you not be ready when I send to old Manuela for in your hand, as I shall most assuredly, soon as I have given those troublesome blue-coats at 0* the fort their final quietus f Ordo you con. he template treachery-disobedience to those deathtbed vows I" ' And his brow darkened, while his teeth td glistened like a wolf's between his bearded Slips, d Ies could still only clasp her hands and tremble. d . s it that I have a rival, girl ? Speak, I at say 1" "No, no, no I Ah, of what are you think ly ing, Jose " e And she stammered forth othoer evasions, s more or less incoherent. e o interrupted her with a diabolical i laugh. "What a poor little deceiver you are You should take pattern from your elders, id or stick to the truth. Seannell, the Ameri otcan, s your lover. I witnessed your adieus od -you were in his arms at the foot of the r.trait." r- In the midst of her confusion there was r a look of natonishment that he well under stood. . "And yet he diedt not in his tracks, with in a bullet in his heart," lie went on. " Well, your surprise is natural, my dear; for my carbine covered him, my finger was on the g trigger, but Ispared him. Wouldl you know the reason I spared him, little one l" She bowed hler pale face. r" Perhaps he has forgotten me; but he saved my life once at the risk of his own. rt It was in a wild brawl at El Paso. lie was it both generous and brave. Jose Vasco never forgets." She breathed more freely, iut his next words chilled her afresh. I "But think not that I would resign you. I would not assassinate him from ambush ; but when the time comes he must give you up or dlie. Those soldiers are fools. I am ,i impregnable here." He made a proud and comprehensive gesture. " Our fastness is inaccessible, and even the fierce bears, the savage beasts of the wilds, are our auxi n liaries." This was said so simply that Isadora's last doubts as to the bear stories in current be lief were dissipated, and she viewed him with superstitious fear. Suddenly a bugle sounded from some. where far up the heights, and he started. " IIa I it is the warning blast I" he ex claimed. * Can a fresh attack be medi-i tated ?" Ie tightened his belt, wlhich literally bristledv with revolvers, ant shifted the carbine that was slung behind his slhouller. " Come, I shall claim you in good season ; but a kiss before we part." A kiss I and for him I She slhrank back, appalled. lie clutched lier wrist, the evil light, kindling in his dark face like an angry meteor. Buy lt at that instant there sounded a rattl' ing volley from both above and below the height, anti she was saved the threatened kiss, "Good-bye I I shall claim you in good time." lie waved his hand, springing among the slippery rocks with the celerity of a moun tain goat, and disappeared among the trees, SThen Isadorn, shrinking a little further from the open tralt, stood still in a sort of fnseinnatlon, for sioe lad nevelnr seen an rmeadl " tr tko 1n, nn,] ona wan sll ),roarorn lilor her Firing as they climbed, swarmed the boys in blue, with their Mexican contingent hurrahing enthusiastically on either wing. The robbers gallantly returned the volleys with irregular firing from the timber line, even hurrying down fearlessly to meet the chea'ge. And the spoll-bound girl could mark their lender in the van, no less bravely cI onspicuous than was the young West Pointer who encouraged the attack with his waving sword. A thrill of gladness filled the girl's veins as she saw the robbers beaten back, leaving more than one prostrate man iti their to treat, while the disciplined solliers and their allies slowly but surely followed them upitut at this juncturo the young girl wit nessed a sight almost incredible, notwith stlanding that her stlperstition might lhave in smoe measure prepared her for it. The robbers suddenly disappeared, as if by magic, their places being apparently taken by trcops of savage bears, which Issued from the pines with ferocious snarls andl cries,and at once set up such a novel'form of resist. ance and counter.attack as filled the storm. Ing party with terror anti dismay. Erect, with massive bludgeons in their grasp, pawing amidl the white drifts on all. fours, or merely showing their formllable teeth and brandiasing their mighty claws, they began to loosen the clinging snow' heaps and hurl them thundering down upon the assailants' heads with a force and pre cision truly terrific; and this was but a mask for the bullets of their hiamann allies, which at the same time began to rain again, with more or less disastrous effect, from the cover of the copses in their rear. The soldiers had come to a dead halt, puzzled and astounded by the grotesqueness of it all, and this hesitation was fatal to their enterprise. The next moment tl e entire volunteer contingent, which constituted more than Ifour lfthe of the attacking foree, broke and fled down the uountain it an agony of panic, throwing away their gillns, and giving titter ance to frigltened screanme and yells, The cowardly exanmple was too much for tile disipline of the regulors-a mere lahnn. full, at the most. Tihe panic ecame a conlagion, and, though retiring with some show of order, they also gave up the light, the rout becom. Ilng geeral. eIsndlrao, who had witnessed everything from her little nook of concealment, hurled liher face in liher hanlds. BIlt when she looked again It was to wit. ness antther sapctacle, which served to alter the entire tenor of lier mortlicaltion and fears, inoof the bhers,having missed Its footing c, tne icy stleep, cane tumbllng, Ilnnglog, ntd rolling ihead over heels past her retreat, hetrayiun g tuch of thi secret of his solllierly iltelligene in Is lla onnduicil spra wl, and at thleu sa, tlmlno uttLring thie strangest exrtres. slns of rage ansl dinguslt that had ever yet prieededI frotn a real hear. It wno a revolUtiht I andl, with iher supor. sItlttins terrirs nto lhuger tin Itceneivte, tile young girl darteid 'illt up'n thl trail anul fI led away with all thie ewiftntess that Ihr soI ppl! nlhhlncis cuild evoke froemt ,lru sllow.slhro eiiit r tles,s, Oot Of blrealt, hhut still Jvoyous oerr lher Itreasureld disllovery, she arrivedl at told Ma, ,la'nllas adoili hut iefiore nindiiwni , lidl then lest no tints In Iivrrying to the forl, '" Wheri is natiinlgo HciInn,.Ill'" eli dIe a Seer!it fr ll) nt, I lmust sei hl/I sight away," All thu garrison were in a slurly nioIi,,,I for tile leiiatl f thi rreiIonItiiilling party liad just len v1lahe kliwnt, ist the man whom she adldre ed, atiil w wa I ll swote vi the netIIl's Iove alair, laighed Os hl hiornmed her thial ,lint wes as f iII a Iitinlitinlg 'xied'l. tIh, antl weuhi lhardly rohlreturn ble'fol doy" wrnk., wllen ie was t guidel a genera ali. SIntk po n the ltobbhh tlhen to ho Inade In oI· ':"ll l ll ~le felrci. S " Ai, I slhall hvaeo to wait," aunhl Ina, diIl -p'lulllntlcdly I but do tIli hbi for mu not to A..'.. , r . awny itnuin itnut asrin; naoe." s' "It ain't likely that he would in any se onseoIsa," replied the sentry, with another good{-natured laugh; for the beautiful d1. blanket-maker was a favorite everywhere, \- and there wasn't a member of the carrison a. that didn't wish Scout Jim joy of his wooing. "t "But Ishall see your messago delivered all or the same." Bright and early, indeed, before sunup, 13 the next morning, Jim was at the old ot Manuela's cottage, and it took but a or moment for the girl to place him in posses. s alon of her discovery. It The scoot's blue eyes opened to their 1\. widest capacity, and then, catching Isa in ie his arms, he shouted a wild hurrah, while raining his kisses upon her blushing face. h " You don't say so 1" be exclaimed. d " What I the great bear trick nothing more than a dodge-a masquerade of robbers in d bearskins 1" She nodded. " IHurrah the superalition is nipped in the bud I Even the greasers won't run . away again. We'll lick them out of their boots, and the giving away of this secret on my part will gain me promotion as chief scout of the department, with double my Spresent pay I" " Oh, Santiago, I am so glad I" And Isa clasped her hands, the happy tears H glistening in her dark eyes, " Listen, lear. You know that snug little a ranch of mine on the San Juan?" .e Another nod. ' WVold you like to be there --as my wife, sof ocourse a?1" r" Oh,, SantIago I" And the happy tears made way for happy , blushes now. S"aood I fnave the old womann make you y ready forthwith, for we shall be married e next Sunday. That is the clay alter to. morrow, which will be two clays after to day's scrimmage, which is destined to wipe out Vasco and his entire band, big and little e bears includedl I" " Oh, SantiagoI You forget I" andl the a brightness began to fade out of the sweet r face. "lMy father himself was a robber. captain ; and " t "No matterl" cried Scannell, once more catching her to his breast. "Is it your father's ghost or your precious, darling self that I would take to my home and heartd IGood-bye, and God keep you till my re. turn I But a last Liss first I" and he was gone. That was a fluttering clay for the pretty little blanket-weaver, such as she had not known, or perhaps dreamed of, in the whole course of her existence. A (lay of days, a day of love, susupense and hope, such as. once at least In a lifetime, is the rich.set jewel of every buddcling maiden heart, be it high or low, opulent or poor, refined or coarse, tutored or ignorant-a priceless clay, henceforward to be treasured in unfall. ingmemory. But it passed, as other clays must pass, as dreams must pass; and soon after the ihst news came in that the roobers had been completely whipped out of their ionsted fastness, resulting in tie extermination of a majority of the band, including Vasco, their chief, and the capture of the rest, Isa was sobbing for joy on her lover's breast. "Ath, dearest, it was anlost a picnic for us this time I" he exclaimed, when recount. ing tihe events of the light. " The secret of the bear-shins was not generally made known amongst us until just before the storming of tile steep, acnd its effect upoontht men was magical. W'hy, even (Ite greasers, as if shanmefaced and mladdelnedl at tihe recol. lection of their superstitiols fears, charged lip among the rocks with the best of cs, anti when tile rascals ran out their hears it was for the last time, I can tell you. W\e rushed right among them before they could set iuntend of to frighta loen tenerats a t Ir't what i Itoo riddled for future service of any sort. Then, hvintelyg by isurposed of the bears, we rcushed any threousisgh the ine,r Jpingoter the reskins of the robbers, whodidbeen' stop runi tng till thoe lat riadge of Sn Mateo ns, ane was'm reached, where they made their tast stand, tieng bigger patheret of 'm nut ying in their tracks." " An Jos e-ase for imself service also was sort.in, they ay"vin osed f the be Yes rushe fhrought like thee gane braivo to was. Itut, befece lIe died, I recognioed him as achap whose life I saved in ElI taassocome some years ago, nd who din't of chrunningmmd till time lfast ort tif Se afterwards. Paer reacps e recognied me, too ir. A way, ast stand tink bck higger ed pa i eyes upon g in theirg "out n Spanish, It's as well as it is, old cwas ute, sincbeo the he ie, rail could no longer achave carried the I sav ir of so' and thsoe e was gone. Of hcourse, I couldn't Imagine lwhat h meant, but it mattera littlps e ray or thnid me oho. er." a Isankdor, who understood bettser than spie, and who had told nothing of her encounter withn Spanico o the preceding ay, oerely buried her face on her same terail shoulder, slohngeringly tcarriednkful that the Iforc ey of te bandite. chiefo could come nolittl more between he and her heart'sr." love. "Ah, thank Ifeaven you are safe seturnedt" was all s could murmur; "andett thank aen w hat you lone me I" er encounter They were married on the following Sunay, merey ay, s o the s bout had declared they should be, and soon after went to live on BScan. nell's snug ranch, where It may be that they are living in happiness at the present day. 