HUMOUR. ■ ■ w~ ■ Writer's cramp is generally a cramp for funds. ■ ■ A baby always helps to make homo happy —particularly when the baby is asleep. : ' Night Drug Clerk (2 a.m., with glaring eyes}—Woll? . Customer—No ; sick ! St. Louis boasts of a dwarf barber less than four feet high. Ho must bo a 'little shaver. i . A Rochester eat gets ^runk on beer, which proves.beyond a doubt that boor will into.x-aoat. . \- ' Sad' about Cholly, wasn't it P Got his canehead in his mouth, you know, and; oouldn't -get it out.' ' How muoh was it worth ?' '■ A good ■'start.—' Do do child talk, Missus ParkusF' • 'Wa-al, only pa'tly; ho mek de sounds, but ltain't fo'm do wuds yit.' : Elderly Gent—Iameighty yoara old, young : man, ana. I .don't recollect ever telling a lie. Tho Young-Man—Well, you can't expect your memoiyto be altogether reliable atthit ago. ^ - ; Eosouer (to man ho had just out down)— The boys lynched'yor and left yor for dead,' did thoy P Woll, how do yor feolnow ?• Half lmngod Man—Quito unstrung. A Kansas. City Marshal has pssed the following proclamation : 'All puraona as own dogs are .hereby certified that sod dogs is in^: debtnd to this sity iu tho sum of ono and ■if itlioy don't, pay will bo- persecuted to the fullest oxtentof the constitootion, this means biznea?. Sity Marshal.' - Teacher—Johnny, what are the duties of a foreign' minister P Johnny—To proach to tho heatheu, and to keep out of the uoup. Jim—HUs Debownoerlooka.wefl In a ridItlg habit. On*—Yet, botshe would look better, !! she would only gat'into a habit of riding well. ^ : ■ Colonel Thomas Gharst of Indiana draak a £t of whisky1 containing an ounce of quiai1 tho other day. He b now Colonel Thomas Ghost. ' ' SOB, THX OOOD WT. ' I'll never use tobacco, no ; It is a filthy weed. . I'll never put it in my month,' Said little Robert Heed. 4 I'll novcr use tobaccs, no ; It's use all woo begets. ■■■■.■• I'll eoom the weed in every form, I'll just smoke cigarettes.' An independent old: lady, speaking .of AdamV naming all the animals, said aho did not think he deserved any oredit for naming the pig. . Any one woald know what ,to call him. -Italian . Decoration.—? I don't care 'very much for . tho friez«,< but I'd like a dago. What have you in the way of dagos P And the wall-pap<?r man went into the baok room and had a fit. ■ Pat—If I put: my. money into the savings bank, when can I draw it out again P Jim— Oh, if you put it-in to-day you can; get it out to-morrow by giving a fortnight's notioe. \- . ' Arizona boasts of a woman who'can drive a nail with a bullet at . forty yards'.' When Arizona can produce a. woman able to drivo a nail with a hammer at a distance of one. foot, without wounding 1 er fingers; it willhavo a curiosity worth boasting about.' Managing Girls;—First Dame—So all your daughters' married richP How i-did you manage it P Seoond Dame—From : tho moment they- were big enough to understand anything I kept dinging into their ears all sorto of warnings, against the folly and wiokedness of marrying for money. Mrs. Testy (looking' up from the paper)- Isn't this strange? A Californian,after a fit of illnoss,' was absolutely unable ■ to. remember his wife, and did not believe she was the one he married. Mr. Tosty—Well, - I dunno. It's pretty hard work sometimes for. a man to realize that his wifo is the same woman he onee went crazy over. : Miss Kate Field—I have called to see _ the religious . editor/ As the : great Amerioan champion of Californian wines, as a solution of the Tcmperaiice problem, I sent him a case of the wines, with a request for a strong article on the subjeot in the religious dopart-ment,butthe article has not appeared. Offioo Boy—No,~ mum ';'he's drunk yet.' • . 'How did you find society out in Chioago ?' ' Oh, there's a'good'deal of it thcio. But theyhave strange ways:' 'How so?' ' Well, if . a man goes to on evening party and keeps his coat on tho entire evening, the company concludosi right away, that his shirt is in the wash.' . 'You are Mr. Qaezeen,the husband of the celebrated leoturess oncopltery, ore you not?' 'Yes,: sir,' replied the dejected hollow-eyed man, 'I'm the man she tries her new dishes on; Mistress—Mary, have you made the dressing for the turkey? i Mary—Sure, ma'am,an' I've. mado his pants, but I'm 'haying, hard work wid his coat, for it's no samestress I am at all, at all.' . 'Young men believe In nothing,nowadays,' says Mrs: Rvisbothom,: with a- deop sigh. ' Why, there's ray,' nephew, Tom, who was brought up as a Christian, and now he's an acrostio. .... " Cynioal Dentist—Well, how do. the teeth work? Patient—Not very well. They seem to cut the'others. . Cynical Dentist—That is perfectly natural. They belong to an entirely different set, you know. Not a Match—' I—aw—wahnt a tie, donohorfcnow, to match my eyeB.' >f Let me see !• Blue eyes and—cr—sorry, air, but our blue ties with red edges ore all sold. Have some in next week.' / ... . . ... — , McCrackle—I suppose that orchids are the most - costly of plants. .1 see that v sometimes as much as a thousand dollars -is paid for one.' Cumsi—Oh, no; they are not-the' costliest. I have known mining .plants to fetch a dozen times that sum. ' Answered at Last—We have received the following in - a perfumed, squaroenvelopo. If. the Author will acknowledge it we'll sympathize with her:'SaHy—Why is marriage, ar.failure, .George P ' George—because the bride never marries the best man. i f^Dr.'Swell—Youmusttaks a trip abroad and' remain away a year. ■' Patient—-Thnnderation I ■"»" ! I can't do that. ^ It willoost toomuoh. i Dootor— Very well, you can stay at home and ? I'll visit you every day and-.tryto.pull you through; Patient (reflectively)—Don't men- : tion it, Doctor. I hadn't thought of that. I guess I'll go abroad. Secrets of Groatness—Ambitious. Youth—, Father, I am unwilling to go through life a nobody. ; • I wish to leave a name. I long to broatho the Bweet atmosphere of fame. : I amresolved tobBcomegreat. Will you advise me P Wiso Father—With pleaBuro. The foundation of greatness is a good , education. A. Y.—I am laying it. W. F.—Next, you need industry and good habits. A. Y.— Yes. What else P W. F.—Always be polite to newspaper men. 