THE ERIENDLYYILLE FEUD. Bt JOHN HAJBBERTON, Anti or at' “ Ho!ea’<* IJ-ibies.” It was all cn account o£ a hor*o. Long, long ago, Reuben Powderby, before he wurt called 44 Squire," or anything’ else but 44 that voting Rube,” or “ono of ^ tho Powderby boys,” had devoted a whole fortnight of the leisurely season between wheat-threshing and corn-gathering to an endeavour to sell his brovm horse Selim to Wo.-lev Bushbright. Weslev was not unwilling to buy, for Selim was tlto most promising four-year-old in tho country round about Friendlyvillo, "but tho two men differed seriously on the subject of juice. Reuben du mnnded sixty dollars, which was a fair price for a good horso in Friendlyvillo before railroads introduced, among other modern evils, a new standard of prices for horseflesh. Wesley was willing to pay fifty five dollars, but not one cent more, and ns one cent was then about as hard to got nt Fricndlyvilla as a dollar is now, Powderby Bccmed in a fair way to have only his labour for his pains. But ono day chance caino to his aid. Wesley needed suddenly to go to St. Louis, forly miles away, to see a sick relative. He had to choose bet ween travelling on foot and on horseback, and bis own horse was Buffering from a saddle-chafe, so lie could nob bo used. It was thou 'that Reuben conceived tho bri'liant idea of lending Selim to Wesley, believing that the young man, after riding tho colt several days would rather lose live dollars than give him up. The pi fin worked liko a charm. A week later, while Roubea was lounging ono evening . at Tmigg’fl store, where every male resident of FriendJyrille dropped in after supper to hear the news of tho day, Wes’.qp Bushbright sauntered in, as carelessly as if he had not been away for seven whole days, three of which had been passed in a large city, and remarked, 44 Selim ain’t such a bau kind o’ colt, Reuben.” 411 knowed you’d come to that way o’ thinkin’, replied* Powderby, “ ’Pears to me, though," continual Wesley, 44 that sixty dollars is a pooty big price, as bosses go in these parts.” 44 Big or little,” said Reuben, thrusting both hands deeply into his pockot>, and lean ing more determinedly against the counter than before, 44 it’s my price. Kf he’s wuth that to mo, I reckon he i» to you ” 44 Well, I s’pose I've got to stand it,” said Wesley, with un air of resignation, and evoking a pleasing, jinglo from something in his pockets. Then he extracted the* musical metal, dropping yellow coins from his right hand to his left, and counting : 44 Ten— twenty-—thirty—forty—fifty—sixty. ’’ He looked at the manor sorrowfully a moment, as at a dying friend, and then handed it to Powdorby, Baying, 44There; be you satis “ He ort to be," suggested Parmer Preec-D, who glanced enviously at the gold, for it was more than he hud ever owned at one time in Ilia life. 44 It’s what I asked,” said Reuben, putting -the money into his pocket, “an* I've got it. ’Huff scd.” 14 Hope yc ain’t redo him hard enough to spile his wind, Wess ? ” said Calvin Tubbs, who was nothing if not apprehensive. t4 I don’t keer a cent whether I did or ■not,” quid Wesley Bushbright. This remark was so unexpected by tho bystanders, to whom ti horse was of much more consequence than a man that a per ceptible sensation ran through the group. Wesley mofced it, and h coined pleased. livery face appeared to demand an explanation. The purchaser kept the bystanders expectant while he cut a large piece of tobacco and adjusted it to tho utowago section of ono of hifl cheek# ; then he continued : 441 dontkeer a cent ef he’s wind galled, ringboned, spavined, an’ got tho glanders besides. Why don’t Ikocrf Because ”—hero ho bestowed a smilo of supreme satisfaction upon Powderby—44 because I sold Selim inSt. Louis for seventy-five dollars. 44 Gosh !Mexclaimed Farmer 3?reeco. Then the entire group looked at Powderby, and led by Wesley Bushbright, burst into a loud, hard laugh. 44 You’ve a swindler !” roared Powderby. 44 You’re a liar !” replied Wesley. The indignant Reuben threw up Ins fists and advanced upon Wesley. As he forgot that tho stove was in his way ho suddenly oamo to grief and an undignified position, from which it took tho efforts of two or three* men to extricate him. Then he attempted to return the money, but Truigg, the store keeper, reworked, 44 You eim’t do that, Rube; yon told him 4 ’irnif sod.1 before all of He; that vru* r, settler.” 44 I’ll show hint whether M.was the last of it,” roared tho irate Reuben, da- hing out of the store, un operation which was accelerated, though not pleasantly, by another loud chorus of laughter, iu which tho voice of Wesley Bmuhbright was dourly diotinguish Hiae o’clock wa* the customary hour for Truigg’# store# to close, but that night the proprietor did not get his shutters up until after the dock struck 11; oven then tho loungers, largely reinforced, stood on the sidewalk for half an hour more, discussing the B uflhh right-Powderhy affair from every point of view, before tli*>y begun to sco each other home and talk it all over again. The most ordinary house-trade was nt any time good for a week of talk at Friendly vi lie, but here was one, the features of which were so numerous and peculiar that Calvin Tubbs, who, on reaching home, woke his wife to tell her all about it, said, “Inker than not, wo ain’t u goin* to hear the ceud of it for years to come.” Calvin’s remark proved to be sagely pro phetic. Prom being a hearty, jovial fellow as became a man measuring lift, in height and weighing ‘JUOin., Reuben Powderby went about with wrinkled brow and glaring eye, like a man who nursed a great wrong by winch he had been humili ated. As for We-loy Bushbright, he ex changed his habitually placid mien for that of a man who was feeling the responsibility, as well as enjoying the sweet.-, of a newly acquired power over his fellow-men. That tho two men never spoke to each other will be inferred ; when Powderby, enter ing Truigg’s store, chanced to h o "Wesley there, ho departed abruptly. When Wesley But.hbright found Powderby at Xruigg’.s he did not* hesitate to enter, but on such occasions he regarded the back of Reuben’s head with a glance in which curiosity and contempt wore about equally blendcil. Tho two men no longer met, at night, at the homes of Friendly villc maidens whom both of them liked; it be came a matter of common report llmt to re tain the friendship of Wess and Rube it would bo advisable to so adjust the window shades that either, when coming to call, might see if his enemy was within. The parents of the two young men, being old friends, strove earnestly to clo.se tho breach, but iu vain. Tho sisters and brothers wero equally unsuccessful; indeed, they soon took sides aud.became moro viru lent than the original eacmie?, for Amanda Bushbright, wlin had boon 44favoured” by Rube, was suddenly anil severely let alone by tho youth who was all but engaged to her. When this became generally known all Friendly villo began to take sides, for it was imposriljle to secure for party or picnic tho young people of one of the families without neglecting to invito those of the other. At tills stage of tho feud Father Bray man, pastor of the Methodist Church, which was the only place of worship iu Friendly villn, considered it his Christian duly to interfere. The good old man discussed with himself and liis.wife a dozen different methods of restor ing pence ; finally one day ho-halted abruptly in front of Reuben Powderby in the street, shook in his face a long forefinger that had brought hundreds of sinners to their knees, and in his most impress!ro tones said, “ Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith tho But Reuben, although a member of tho church, horrified tho good man by replying, “That was writ before the days of hoss tradiu’, I reckon.” .Then Father Bravman mada an attempt upon the spiritual nature of Wesley Bush bright. Ho found the young man in a promising frame of mind, agreeing with him tlmt strife and enmity among neigh hours was deplorable, but when Wcss said, that the only thing necc.-sary to concord was that He ubiu Should “take back” tho ap pellation ‘4 awindUr,” tins old man departed in’aorrow so profound that it soon turned to "Ami so the feud continued, until on all questions of business, society and polities in FricudiyviUe the people divided according to their regard for the Bushbrights and the Powderbys. Even Trtzigg, the storekeeper, had to slmro tho town trade with a rival, for Rubo Powderin' refused to buy any thing of a man who would give credit to such a villain as Wcss Push bright. Every new pastor who came to tho Friendly villa church—and there was a change every two years—tried to make peace, and every one failed. The invitations to partake of the sacred emblems on communion Sundays were always supplemented by careful endeavours to show the warring factions how unchristian was their strife, but the Powderbys were nliceted merely to the extent of wondering how tho Bushbrights could vesht such appeals, and tho Bushbrights placidly hoped tho minister’s effort would soften tho stoney hearts of the Powderbys. 44 I cayu’t understand it, parson,” said AVcss Bushbright one day after service. 44 Ef I’d been in Ilube Powderbys place to-day, when yon rapped him as you did, Ikl have got right up in meet in’ and said, 4 Brethren mi’ sisters, I’ve been a hypocrite an” a scoundrel, an’ I ask Wcss Bushbright’s pardon.’’ 44 Perhaps,” ventured the preacher, hoping aiyJL praying that he might startle \Vess into a sense of his own vo.^ponribUity, 44 perhaps Hotiben was thinking just that way about “Like enough,” said Bushbright. 44 Tie’s just scoundrel enough to do it.” Although depressed, tho minister was not discouraged by this unexpected turn of tho conversation, so he went tiiat afternoon to tho powderby homo and asked Reuben to go with him to visit a mutual acquaintance who was young, sick, and in a very penitential slate of mind about a number of disagree ments ho had taken part in. Tho pouifcont was glad to see Reuben, and, being desirous of doing some good before bis threatened demise, began skilfully to prepare the way for a discussion of the Bushbright-Powdorby diiliculty from a religious standpoint; but tho mere mention ol’ one of tho sick man’s own quarrels with a neighbour reminded lienbou so forcibly of his own trouble, that tho consequence Was a restatement of the point of the Friendly villa feud—a. restate ment made with such intensity of feeling that tho more vigorous mind overcamo the weaker and the pastor was horviiied to find his supposed ally going over mentally, and without reserve, to the Powder by side of the local quarrel. The feud could not even bo kept out of politics. Tho inhabitants of the town had originally been united in all matters of opinion, for the founders of tho settlement had left their original homes in the East in company, and with tho avowed purpose of acting together in all a Hair*: affecting the general good. A year or two beforo tho feud began, they had ail voted for Geueral Scott for president, but when the next Presi dential campaign began the Whigs were horrified to learn that, as Reuben’s father had once met their present candidate, the Bushbrights and all their adherents intended to vote Tory. An attempt to discourage this threatened secession was made by erecting the highest Whig flagstaff in tho uouutry. In the dead of night, however, Woss Bush bright climbed to the top of the pole, and measured tho altitude by dropping to a confederate a bull of cord, tho free end of which ho held. During tho next three days even' juvenile Bushbright was in tho woods looking for tall trees that would bear splicing, and within another three days was erected a polo from which a Tory streamer floated at least twenty feet higher than any breeze could curry tho colours at tho top of tho rival llagstaff. Tho probable vote of tho town was canvassed again, with varying res\dts, but tho count on olcction day showed nu exact tic—a fact which caused Reuben Powderbr to remark, with much acerbity, that there wasn’t niuch hope for tho country if exactly ono-lmlf of the inhabitants were fools. Wesley Bush bright viewed tho matter more philosophi cally; ho assumed a high moral attitude, and said that as only' tho best men could bo counted upon to be on the right side in a ! quarrel, he was surprised and pleased to find ' Ins retaining as large as it was. Thou tho two factions took sides on tho / question of voting town bonds in aid of a i railroad which was to have touched Friendly - villo, and, so tho projectors said, double at once tho value of all real estate and live l stock in the vicinity. But Wesley’s father was the head cf tho railroad movement, so * the Powderbys, who previously had wanted l tho road so badly as to offer tho company ten acres of ground for station purposes. [ multi only became, under Reuben’s lead, as £ hostile to railroads as they had always been . toward rum-shaps and lightning-rod pedlars. Once, indeed, there seemed a possibility of | * a peaceable solution of tho difficulty. Wesa j * and Rube adored their respective mothers, l and as tho two old Indies hud tho highest j regard for each other, they agreed to meet, i talk, and pray, until strife between their ; families should cease. ‘ When this agreement r was reported there was a tacit truce, for in t new countries there is lit lie of that dis ! regard for parental opinion which distui 5 guishes the youth of older civilisations. ; The only mumbling block which I ho cum > munity could foresee was tho jilting of Amanda Bushbright by Rube Powderby, but L as the maiden had begun to accept the at > ientions of another young man, Mrs. Bush » bright magnanimously waived the matter entirely. But alas for the frailty' of human * discretion ! After the mothers had each ' admitted the possession of all sorts of good l qualities by' caeli other's sons, Pay began to i exchange criticisms. Each intended to bo ■ very' judicious and gentle in this respect, but before tho Interchange of opinion lmd con tinued ten minutes, Mrs. Powderby an nounced, with tears, that slio ‘ had been i wounded beyond cure, while Mrs. Bush bright declared herself the most grossly' in sulted woman in the world; so these mothers in Israel separated, not again for many years to exchange recipes for “doing up” preserves or to compare notes on the raiment i of such of their feminine acquaintances as departed from the conventional calico gowns and sun-bonnets of tho day. It v.*as hardly to bo expected that the younger women of the family could have hotter success than their mothers ; nevorthc- 1 less, with the best of intentions, as well as somo motives not entirely disinterested—for ! to attend parties from which a full half of the young men of Friendly villo were absent was dreadfully' stupid work for spirited ; maidens—the 1’owdorby girls met the Bush bright girls secretly’, after dark, and at tho 1 parsonage, to talk mutters over. Tho spokeswoman of one group announced at tho beginning that there ought not to bo * any trouble to bring about a reconciliation, L for their brother was loo noble by nature to maintain any' position which was wrong. “ Bo is our brother,” replied tho others in chorus. This was a promising beginning, but within five minutes the convention ad journed sine die with no results that were not ileplorablo. Settlements hy means of knife mid glint 1 gun were not entirely unknown in the 1 region round about Friendly villo in those ’ day's, ho to prevent local civil war, into ' which a conflict between the two principals might precipitate nu eniiro community, ’ »;omo of the forefathers of tho hamlet put Wesley and Reuben under moral bonds to keep the peace by' electing Reuben to tho office of Justice of the Peace, and making Wesley ft class-lender in tho church. Tho plan worked well, ho far as its special pur poso was concerned, and tho two men tilled their respective oUiecs with great credit ; it ia unnecessary, however, to say that no adherent of Itueben was a member of Wo- ley’s class, and that Wcss never took a claim into Reuben’s court. A year or two later tho civil war broke out, and both .men went into tho army. 1 Although Frieiidlyvillo pcoplo were intensely' patriotic, and wished only good to their o wn volunteers, there wore no dissenting voices whan Calvin Tubbs remarked ouo night at Truigg’s store:— 44 S’pose Wcss or Rube was to git killed ? Then, I reckon, thoro’d bo an cml to tho row, arid this town would have a chanco to ^ But neither suffered death, nor even a wound ; each came home a captain, and full of war stories, but never did either lone an opportunity to rehearse hia grievances re- • gnrding the eventful horse trado. They took wives, they reared children, and thus added to the number of people who eyed each other 1 malevolently. The feud finally became noted i far and wide as a blight upon all social and • business prospects at Friendly villa, ho per sons seeking now farms or business opportu- , nities avoided the town : and the more entet* prisingof tho young people bom in Friendly - villa moved away to begin lifoagain somewhere else, and bo rid of the terrible hundieappiug , which the horso Selim laid unconsciously inflicted upon every nativo of tho town. Wesley and Reuben noted all this; they bemoaned it; but each seemed to consider ho did his utmost to retrieve it when lie berated the character of tho other to tho lull extont of his own vocabulary. Tho sous of the two men grow to manhood and owned houses, as their fathers had douc before them; but although as eager as country youths in general to trade horses, none of them would buy, sell, or exchange on any terms whatover with members of tho other family, or with any of that, family's adherents. Tho successive pastors of tho little church, which still was tho only one in Friendlyvillo, had long ceased to try to reconcile the two warring parishioners; whenever a change in occupancy of tho parsonage occurred, tho new preacher heard tho old story from his predecessor, and heard, also, tlmt ex perience had taught ull past spiritual guides of the congregation ihuc tho affair was ono in which, apparonlly, only tho Diriuo Spirit could bo mediator and peacemaker. But ono day young Nofcwray, recently placed in charge of the Friendly villo Church, called on Reuben Powder by and said, “ Brother Powder by, I’ve brought you a messages from a soul now in Ktcrnity. Old Brother Bushbrighfc died last night. His last words were a prayer that strife between your family uud his might cease, mid a request that I would tell you and Brother Wcsa that it was thus he went to hia Maker.” “He was a fine man—:i fine old man,” said Reuben heartily. “ Can you sec how he could have had such a rascally son V ” The preacher sighed, uud then looked angry. “ Brother Reuben,” said he, “now is no time for aspersions upon Brother Wesley's character. He is all broken up himself; lie’s been up with his father night and day for a week,” “I'm glad' of it; perhaps Twill do him good, an' bring him to a sense of tho error of The preacher turned abruptly anil loft tho house. Reuben shouted after him, “ Trade bosses with him yerself, parson ; then you'll know how ’tis.” But this remark did not quiet Reuben’s agitation. A long time had elapsed since anyone had attempted to makepeace between him and his euemy, and tho effect upon Reuben was like tearing open an old wound. He was restless. Ho found himself speak ing rudely to his wife—a sin of which ho seldom was guilty. So, to hare only himself to vent his temper upon, ho made a business iixcuso to drive to the next town, a few miles distant. The next day was sot for the funeral of the deceased Bushbriglit, who was to bo in terred, according to family custom, in a private cemetery on his own estate. Kvery bodv’ who was not a Powdorbjr or an adherent of tho Powderbys intended to he present; but au hour heforo tho time appointed, a tremen dous storm of wind and rain burst upon the town, and tho only men present at the funeral service at the houso were Wesley, one of his grown sons, and Kotwmy, the preacher. To postpone tho interment was impossible, for the preacher was to conduct a religious meeting ten miles away two hours later, and neither the elements, tho living, nor lk3 dead could kcop him from tho duty of ministering to dying souls. There was no hearso, for it was the custom at Fri cndly villo (for a coffin to bo homo from church or houso * to tho graro by friends of the deceased. So wider the head of tho coffin a stout bar was placed, tho preacher took ono end, Wesley’s sou took tho other, and Wesley himself, with bared head, put his arm round the foot of the coffin, and thus tho funeral cortrgc came from the dead man’s house into tho, road and towards tho littlo gate, 200 yards away, that opened into tho lust earthly homo of the Bu^hbrights. At that very moment—Preacher Hotwray afterwards said it hud been so arranged from tho foundation of tho world—Reuben Pov derby came driving furiously from tho op posite direction, on his return from Ids busi ness trip. It was tho custom at Friendly - vilie, as in many ether parts of tho country, for ail persons meeting a funeral to stop and uncover ; and although Reuben would rather have been carried to his own grave than have met that particular procession, he brought his horse up violently and decorously removed his lint. Wesley did not even raiso his eyes ; ho did not know who was approaching. Ho was suffering at heart, liko any right-minded man at the loss of a father ; his long vigil had taxed his physical strength severely, tho road was slippery from tho rain, the strain upon his arm was terrible, and as ho tried to relievo it by clasping his right hand with his left, ho staggered and fell. Tho coffin also tumbled to tho ground. Then Wess lost mental control also, and kneeling in the muddy road, dropped his arms and head over tho feet of him who hud given him life. “ Great God !” groaned Reuben. Then ho sprang from his waggon, dropped on his knees opposite Wesley, and exclaimed, “ Wusft, I'm a scoundrel.” The mourner was startled into raising his head, but he quickly gained his self-posses sion, and said, “ So am I, Rube.” “ Let’s shako hands on it,” suggested Reuben.” “ Agreed,” replied Wesley. What to do thou neither man seemed to know. But tho preacher did; ho raised his voice, and in spite of wind and rain it seemed more powerful to tho hearers than over be fore, as ho sang, Praise God from wlimnull blessings flow; l'rui.so Him, all creatures hero below; , Praise Him above, ye heavenly host; Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,. When the song ended tho long estranged friends rose from their knees, and Reuben said.; “ Wess, do you rciiiombor how wo used to cross hands to carry tho young ones 'cross puddles on tho way to school ’r” “ Don’t I, though.'” Wesley replied. “Let’s try it again,’5 suggested Reuben, stooping, and putting his stout arms under the coilin. Wesley understood him ; tho coffin was raised, and if the soul of the deceased was hovering about its late earthly tenement it probably lost unyTomuiniug re gret it may have had at becoming tho occasion of a funeral, for the Friendly villo feud was ended. 