DEPARTURE OF MR. WILL. MILWRAITH. The passengers for tbe Qoetta, now on her voyage from Brisbane to London, left the wharf late laflt oig.it by the tender Dolphin. The company included Mr. Will. M*Uwr*ith, with his daughter Miss M'llwraith, and his eldest son Mr. Tboa. M 'II wraith. In conse quence of the lateness of th a hour at which the tender sailed only a few of Mr. M'llwraith a closest friends were on the wharf to bid him good-bye. The tender would reach the Quetta early this morning, and that Bteamer is expected to aMl in the course of this fort* noon. The following ib a copy of a letter Mr. M'Uwraith received yesterday from Mr. R. H. Dswbarn, Secretary to the Rockuampton Chamber of Commerce : — *' The Committee of Hub Chamber, becoming aware of your in tention to visit Europe, met to day, and uuanimoubly passed the resolution which follows: 'That Mr. William Mil wraith be invited to represent the Ch&mbar; of Corn may visit daring his travels.' Knowing the deep interest you take in the town of Eock hampton, and of tbe Central District of Queensland, and of your ample knowledge of their features and interests, the Committee regard you as specially fitted to represent (he Chamber, and it is hoped that you »* ill ac cept their iimtation.— I have the honour to be, your obedient servant, Kobe K. Daw ears, Secretary.' To this Mr. M'llwraith replied as follows :— Sir, I have very nnf^i pleasure in accepting tbe invitation of the Hockhampton Chamber may offer daring my visit to the old country, and elsewhere. I am going away to re cuperate my health, wiiich has suffered presaion, and although, that be the principal object of my holiday, I shall enjoy it all the more if I tnink I will be able to assist Kock hampton and the Central District in recover ing from tbe depression under which their commercial interests are suffering at present. I will be a walking advertisement for the industries of Rockhampton and the Central District. Happily I have a good connection with the Press of the old country, and you may be assured that 1 will lose no oppor tunity of bringing the trade and commerce of the particular portion of the colony in which I sju interested under the notice of those who may be indaced to take an interest in them. 1 am hopeful tnat a turn in affairs will have taken place here long befure ray return, and I would be very glad indeed if I could be tbe means, in any way, of accelerating the progress of the town and district towards increased pros perity. Though I have taken three return tickets for myself and members of my family by tbe British-India steamwrs, it does not follow that I will come back, by that route. The recent viait of Sir Thomas M 'II wraith to China and Japan has directed attention to tbe increased commercial relationship that may be created between Queensland and tboso countries ; and if an opportunity should offer for me to visit India (which is becoming one of the largest wheat-exporting countries in the world), or Japan (the material prosperity of which is a feature of the present century), I shall embrace it. In any event, I shall do all that i. can during my absence to promote the interests of lixickhmnpion ; and X only hope my de&ire; will be imitated by others connected with it, whose ability to promote those mttreeta in a practical way is greater than mine. — I have the honour to be, Sir, yours very truly. Will. M'Ilwkaith.' The members of the (Jentral Queensland Caledonian Society met in the Fire Brigade Hall on Wednesday evening to enter tain their President Mr. WUL M' II wraith, ou tbe eve of his departure from Kock h*mpum for a visit to the old couutry ; and to wish him a pleasant trip and a safe and speedy return amongst them. In honour of the oooanon the Hall bad been bong with flags and gay streamers, and with tbe long table tastefully decorated with flowers, Ax., presented a very attractive appearance. Some fifty gentlemen were pre sent, Mr. A. Meikle, vice-president, being in the chair. After the usual loyal toait, Mr. UatKLE said he had now to propose the toast ot the evening 'Our Guest, Mr. William M 'II wraith.' As they all knew, Mr. M'flwraith was leaving them for a few months on a visit to the old country, and they bad taken the present opportunity of showing the high estimation in which they held him. Tbe events of the last few days had shown that they were not alone in esteeming him ; but that he bad won the respect of all those who knew him— alike in his capacity as a citizen ; as Editor of the Morning Bulletin and Capricornian, and as an employer. It had been seen that these who knew fr''i best thought most highly of him, but it was as Caledonians they were there thst night to show their President how highly they appreciated the services he had rendered them in connectiou with their society. Mr. Meikle then went on to speak of the founding of the Society by Mr. M'll wraith, the late Mr. John Headrick. himself, and a few others, and how unwearying Mr. M'llwraith had always been in farthering and promoting its best interests. Bow his deep and extensive knowledge of the history, literature, and traditions of Scotland were a constant source of instruction and delight to the members. He (Mr. Meikle) «as only sorry that he had not that facility as a speaker which would enable him to dilate on Mr. MTlwraith's service* to the Society as they deserved ; but most of them wen so fully aware of those services that this waa not of so much consequence, and he knew that he had only to propose ' Our President, a pleasant trip home, and a safe return to him,' to have the toast drunk with all the honours. The toast, which was en thusiastically received1, was drunk with musical honours, Mr. M'Ilwraith, who rose amidst load applause, said it was impossible for him to fail to appreciate the hearty way io which they bad juat expressed their feelings, and he could only say that he thanked them for their kindness, which he was not likely soon to forget. Whatever he might have been able to do for the promotion of the interests of the Society bad been to him an unmixed pleasure. Mr. M'Hwraith then went on to show how such a society tended to promote and en courage the study and appreciation of the language and literature of their native land, and showed how worthy the language and literature of Scotland was of such study. The great and triumphant straggle of their forefathers for liberty, was a thing which as Scotchmen they could be justly proud of. But its lessons were alike valuable (or other times and countries ; sad wen an encouragement for all men everywhere who dared to boldly stand up for what they believe to be right. However pleasant a time he might have in revisiting the honnie hills they all hived, he could aware them that he was not likely to forget the pleasure their kind ness that evening had given him* and he trusted that by St. Andrew's Day he would have returned, and that they would then have another social evening together. The other toasts ware 'Our Native Land,' by Dr. Macdonald ; ' The Land we live in,' by Mr. Kdgar; 'The old Members,' by Mr. Kidston, and ** Scottish Lasses,' by Mr. NicoL Mr. J. C. Johnstone proposed 'The Sttangerd,' coupled with the name of Mr. S. W. Hartley. Mr. Hartley, in responding, expressed the pleasure be had in being present on such an occision. Tf** only regret was that he had to be classed amongst tile strangers ; it would give him very great pleasure indeed were it possible to become a member of such a society. He could not fail to be plessed with the very warm expressions of their feelings for hu friend and partner Mr. M'llwnJtb, and from hi* own intimate relations with that gentle man, for the last five years, he was in a position both to understand and appreciate, the feelings they bad expressed. He thanked tbetn again for their kindness and particularly for their kindness in permitting him to be present tbat night. The evening was enlivened with songs from Messrs. Coesins, Finlayson, Kcrr, Cotyuhoun, M'Lean, Nixon, Edgar, and NicoL aad was brought to a dose by the whole company singing ' Auld Lang Syne.' The following lines are by Professor Maquorn Kanken :— Put forth your force, my iron hon£, with limba that never tire. The beat of oil shall feed your Joints, and tbe bat of caJs your fire ; So off « tear, from Eostoa Square, to beat tbe gwift As we i*tUe along the nortb-weat rail with tbe express uain behind. J-fcali alone, crash along, eixty miles an hour. Right through old England flee ; For I am bouud so see tnj love, Far away in the north couotree. Like a train ot ghosts, the telegiaph posts, go whirling and troopiug by, WnQe one bj one lhe milestones ran. and off behind us fly; Like foatuiog wine, it fixes my blood, to see yoor lightning- speed, Arkbia'H race ne'er matched your pace, my gallant steam bora ateed. Wheel alocg, eqnetJ alow?, sixty tnflea an hour, Kl^fat throoKn old England Bee, For I am bound to see my love, Far away in the north countrce. My bl rasing on George StephenBQO, let bis tame forever last, For he vas the man tbat found the plan to make you His arm was strong, hi« head was long, he knew not guile nor tuar. When J think of him it makM me proud, that I am an engineer. Tear along, flare along, riity miles an hour. lUicht through old Copuuid See* For 1 am bounJ to see my lore. Faraway io (he nortta ooaatree. Now Thames and Treat are far behind, and eraing Baton nav «y*s the brawn billd riae that guanl way tzde EvoTwr she' stands my own deaf las*, beside the And^afa^liateu' for tbe wfatoUe ahriu, »nd the blast pipe's rsttUnjr roar Ball along, bowi alonjd sixty 'tUf^ an Dour, Ktefat through old England flee. For I am bound to see nxy lofe, At hame in the north coontree. 