CAMPAIGNING MEMORIES. BY DAVID CHRISTIE' MURRAY. Enough happens every day in the life of tho least observant and adventurous to occupy a week in recital and in a year'n campaigning, where life moves at it® rnpidest possible rate, and where enough excitement for a xnonth is crowded into a minute, there lies more matter ot interest than any man could put on paper if he lived to be a hundred. The only difficulty is in the question of nelection. I hare not Been a shot fired in anger for this last 13 years, but tbero i® scarcely an incident of tho Russo- Turkish gampaigu which is not a3 clearly pre sent to my mind to-day a® it was within an hour of its occurrence. It happens, too, that within this last month or eo 1 hare beftn refre«hing memory rather copiously by talking over the incidents of tbe campaign with two men who from their re»pective sides saw most of it— Dr. Charles Ryan, of Alelbourne, and Air. Kinnaird Rose, the editor of the Rrishane Courier . When I was in Brisbane the other day I re minded the latter of a very curiou® expe rience which came to mo through him. Ho was repreienting the Scotsman on tbe Russian Bldo, whilst on the Turkish side I was working both for the Scotsman and the London Times, Rose was wounded iu the ankle by a rifle bullet, aud the nows got down country that the correspon dent of tho Scotsman bad been hit. It travelled fiom mouth to mouth, and wu9 exaggerated as it went, until in Constantinople it was related that the Scotsman's representative had been killed. Then tho statement grew into detail, and it appeared that the unfortunate too- adventurous youth had been shot in the act of surveying tbe enemy's position from a Turkish earthwork, and -had fallen back stone dead with liis field glasses in his hand. When things had Teached this pass it was found necessary toprovido a name for the defunct, and since I was tho only correspondent of tho .Scotsman on that side— there was another, I DUUU'C, IU Xiailk iUIUUI 11111 IUC »» not unnatural tliat mj nauio wan choaon. So tile news was Hashed home by wire tbat poor Christie Murray had come to a finish, and had fallen n victim to his own temerity. An imaginative artist drew a picture of the fatal scene, and sent it home, where it was engraved and printed. I read my own obituary notice 111 the papers, and learned that it was a pity that so promising a young man should be cut off ia the flower of his youth. Ouo of these day3 there will be obituary notices which I shall not read, and I cannot laugh at the episode uow as I did at the time, hut it was a curious thing to happen and not one that falls to every man's experience. I remember very well when I got home after that terrible campaign that I had a conversa tion, very interesting to myself, with Archibald Forbes. I cannot tell this story without offer ing a confession. I never knew from start to iiuisli, and I do not know now, whether in moments of danger I felt like a bravo man or a coward. I know that I never ran away, or dis graced myself, but I know that I always felt as if should bars liked to run away. I know that to bo under lire was always a most comfortless and nervous experience, and I never felt a touch of that thrill of battle and that glorious sense of risk and excitemeut about which it is so easy to write and talk. Dots of men talked of it in my hearing. I have heard from their own lips that they rejoiced in daugwtond had known nothing so . glorious as tbe excitement of being shelled at. Now ail this made me feel particularly small, aud I listened to it with a sense of growing self-depreciation. It was a thing I scarcely liked to talk about, lest by my confession I should bring disgrace upon myself. But at last one eveniug, fresh from a renewal of this kind of talk, I met Archibald Forbes in the Strand and resolved to take the bull by the horns. Forbes, as all tho world knows, has gone through nearly, if not quite, a score of wars, big and little. He saw tbe awful struggle between Franco aud Germany, and distin guished himself there by an undaunted courage and an extraordinary resource. An iron man of idomilablc lnood, aud beyond that, my friend, and one I felt I could confide in. I made no secret of my own feelings ill the hour of battle, but I reported to liim the glowing speeches of tho heroes 1 had eo newly bidden good night to- " You go back to 'cm, young un," said Forbes, tapping ine on the chest with an extended fore finger, " You go hack to 'em and teil 'ein with my compliments— Archibald Forbes' compli ments — that they're liars liars !" I am free to confess that that dictum soothed me, and that after it I began t® hold my head up once again and to think that perhaps after all a good many people might have experienced those emotions of discomfort and distress which I had thought personal to myself, and may yet have done their duly. I have to admit that I saw some dare-devil valor which made that theory of the enjoyment of danger sound credible enough. Here, for instance, is a fact which I slionld have some hesitation in relating on my own responsibility solely, but there are a score of trustworthy men alive who will bear mo out in it. Poor Camp bell — " Shipka " Campbell a9 wo called him, and as the world remembers him now — was one of tho heroes of the foolish des perate escapade. Ho fell ou Secocoeni's Height, leading tho black contingent there, under Sir Garnet AVolsoley some years later, and no more gallant, whole-hearted generous gentleman was ever struck down in battle. Frauds Franois, his companion 011 many a field of peril, dedicated to Campbell's memory his boak, "War and Wanderings," and spoke of him " as a man who loved danger and knew not fear." Captain Tiburee Morrissot, of the Troisiemes Chasseurs, was Campbell's com panion in the liair-hrained scrape. The two were at Rustchuk together, and the Russians from the opposite side of the Danube were shelling the fortifications. There was nothing for either the Englishman or Frenchman to do and the place was utterly without means of distraction or amusement. So ono day — "It is particularly dnil here," says the small Gaul to his companion, " let us find something to do. Let us go aud sit up ou tho fortification and bo shelled at." Now I don't suppose for a moment that tho little .bautara of a man — I havo his daring handsouio face before me at this instant— meant this pro position to bo taken seriously, or that it was anything more than a dreary joke, born out of the unutterable ennui in which he lived ; but Campbell, no donbt with jocular intention nlso, offered a languid assent. The Gallic bantam, whatever he may havo thought about it, took tho tiling <1 it grand sr.rirttx, lit up his cigarette and led the way. Campbell followed, and it is an actual fact that the pair of them sat down under liro on the face of tho fortification at a littio distance from each other until a Russiau shell hurst between them. Then one or the OUJi:r,HU|jt;ttabi;u tu.tt MU .... companion agreeing with him they left tho field aud went back into the town unacatlied. The story leaked out somehow, ami I think tbat each was a little ashamed of himself. It was a ailly schoolboy piece of daring, but it showed a acorn for' danger of which both men made a far better use later on. I have never been able to look on Russia as being auything but au easeutially barbarous power, aud most people who know Turkey will place hor, whether a little higher or a little lower doefl not greatly matter, in the name category Iu the war between litem, for thn first time in tbe history of the world, two uncivilised forces met in a deadly struggle with all the appliauecs of civilisation iu the bauds of cither. They had railways at command, and tho electric wire, and the latest pattern of siege-shell, and tho latest inventions of destructive science generally. The Circassians, I remember, were armed with tbe -Remington repeating rifle. 1 never believed or saw any reason to belicvo in the stories that were sometimes told about tho villainous conduct of the regulars on tho one side or the other, but on tho Russian side, the Cossacks, aud on the Turkish tbe Tehir- kausus, the Bashi-Bashouka aud Zoibeeks, tho Smyrinotos and Tripolitc®, liteially played the devil- Espeeiallv on the Ottoman side horrors were enacted which are beyond the power of tongue to tell or pen to write. There is no good purpose to serve now m renewing the memory of those hideous detail?,, unless it were in tho hope of teaching men to hate war, as I learned to hate it in the course of that horrible year. \n Armenian gentleman with whom 1 travelled by train oue day put the thing in a nutshell. ' <'e nest pas nnc gwrrc, cV st. riwlermiutition Tuw I'u.v Night alter inght on the borders of that fair rose-country which )i"s nestled round Kesnudlyk, under Mm stern spl- ndors of the Balkan-lulls, tho horizon was red with the fires of burnfiig villages and 1 townships. I saw with these eyes 1203 muti- | latcd dead, men. women and children, lying in a vineyard hard by Kesandlyk, every oue foully murdered and ' shamelessly maltreated after death. I went through towns which had hold prosperons and industrious peoples, where not a roof remained, and streets and gardens and smouldering ruins were left to the solo guardianship of tbe dismembered dead. So much one dare say, but of the horror piled on horror, of the bestial lust of cruelty, the in genious devilry of wickedness which came out in details beyond number, which shocked the sense and harrowed tbe heart, uutil at last#an absolute indifference took the place of outraged shame and weary pity— of these things I dare not and 1 will not Bpeak. Alany und many a time I have wondered since that any creature born of woman should find it in his heart to unloose war's ban-dogs. Tbe peace party used to be sneered at as inen'who wished for peace at any price. The taunt was not deserved, and it is not improbable that John Bright himself might have shown a new edition of the fighting Quaker in a righteom cause, but it is hard to find anything which justifies a resort to so fearful an implement as war. The folks who stay at home know nothing of it. The troop® march out with swords and bayonets flashing in the light, with banners flying and bugles blaring and tbe crowd huzzas. Or the victorious force comc9 home crowned with glory, and a whole populace goes wild with tbe noise of its own applause. In the time that goes between we read of daring acts of courage and warm our blood with the thought that ear countrymen are displaying all tbo qualities which have given the race the crown of Empire half tbe wide world over. But who reads between tbe lines and knows the squalid do- graded bestial thing war is? Only the man whose own eyes have beheld it. I have had hundreds of inquiries, both at home and here, as to the truth" of " The Story of Mr. King." Tho hero #f the tale died in Philadelphia a year or two after the close of the campaign. His name was Wheale, and though ue was uo more u uuciui iu.tu J. am the medical staff at Orkhania, where he was engaged as a dresser in tho hospital. Nobody had any great respect for hira or thought hiiu likely to distinguish himself for courage and devotion ; but, sitting one afternoon in a hut where ho had charge of two wounded women, oue of whom bad ju9t succumbed to her injuries, he found his chance for distinction unexpectedly presented to him and took it, like the plucky little Yankee that he was. A Circassian broke in at the door with a drawn sword in his hand aud made for the rude bed, on which little AVheale's charge was laid. The blackguard spoke a word or two of English, and there was a brief pariey between him and the American, which ended, when the savage's rattrdeious munotng was made evident, by Wbeale's snatching up a distaff! that lay handy and knocking him summarily ou the head with it. The Turkish regulars had bolted, tbe Russian army was marching on the town, but had not yet reached it, and the Circassian was playing his own unfailing intermediary game of loot and rape aud# murder. When the Yankee soi - disirnt medico got outsido tbe hut he found two or three kuudred of them, and though he was perfectly well aware that they were just as willing as they were able to settle his affaira finally, he opened out upon them with such a tirade of wrathful abuse that they recoiled before him, and tbe leader of the gang, after a word or two iu his own language,' with drew his associated rascal® and leftlittlefWheale master of the field. AVheu he was questioned after wards us to how he had performed this surprising feat, he said with some naivete that he had laid himself out to curse and swear, and he rather " kalkalated that he made them savages think that hell was open. I gueps," he added, "that they took me for some kind of White-man's Pasha — supposed I was an English duke I fancy." He was a person we had hitherto rcckoued of no account at all, but when he joiued the main body at night, bringing his wounded charge in safety with him, his re ception made him very shy. It is likely enough that that sensation was strange' to him, but he told ua with uaueccflsary vehemence of phrase that ha knew ha had behaved absurdly, but under similar circuin®tauce3 would do again precisely what be had done. One of the most noteworthy thing® which came before rue was the ttoicism, or at least tbe outer imperturbability, with which men went to execution in those day. In Tatar-Bazardjik and iu Sofia for a considerable space of Uuys the average number of men hanged before breakfast was 17. I forget now how long that dismal Saturnalia lasted, but I suppose there could hardly have been fewer than 300 execu tions. The military commandant had rare pickings in those times. If a Bulgarian bad anything worth confiscating it was the easiest thing in the world to denounce him as a traitor to the Ottoman rule, to string him up and to impound bis belongings. There was nobody to offer an objection, unless it were a handful of weeping women and children, and they were always easily to be chased at tbe expenditure of the merest trifle iu the way of weariug out whipcord and a mouthful of Turkish objurgations. I was travelling on a burning summer day, wbon I saw seated in a row, at some little distance from tbe railway statiou at which the train had halted, about 2o or 30 Bulgarian peasants. They wore tied together elbow to elbow, und were eating their midday meal with n remarkable awkwardness of move ment. When a man raised his right hand to his mouth his neighbor's left had to go with it, and it was this singularity of movement, which tlrnt drew my attention to the party. The train stopped for some considerable time to take in wood and water, and whilst my travelling com panion and I watched the line of stolid feeders n little kuot of Turkish police were at work strapping together three slim pole, which they finally elevated into a tripod. Then having Imnff upon the poles to teat their stability, an officer in charge gave a word or two in a tone of indifferent custom, one of the end men was cut free from the line, a written placard was fastened on hi® breast, and a rope being pro duced the mau was hanged upon the tripod with no more ado than if he had been a dog. He had been eating the moment before, and his companions, with now and then a sideloncr glance across the shoulder to where he kicked aud swung, went on eating still. When the en gine was once more ready to take us on the mau waft quite dead aud Btill, and the lino of pris oners and their escort wore raising a cloud of dust aa they plodded northward along the sun- smitten hillside highway. I saw the band again more than oucf?, and ou each occasion its num bers were diminished. The wretched Chris tians were being marched from village to village, and executed haphazard hero and there, ostensibly as a warning against sym pathy with tho Aluscovite invader. I met the last of the gang at Guemlik, and he was sitliniv liv tVin ati?o nf -i firi with hia fltitrils. and was chatting with them in what seemed a per fectly friendly intercourse. I learned after ward® that the hapless wretch had been brought back after hundreds of miles of travel to his native village, and that 'having been freed of his bonds he had supposed himself about to be set at liberty. Somebody suddenly touched him on the shoulder said, " Gel, Ivan," which, being interpreted, signifies "Come, John," and John ro?e obediently aud was led towards his own cottage, smiling nnd chattering all the way. I followed to sec what would happen. A soldier pausing at the door began to work away with tho point of his baronet iu tbe rand of the wall above the doorjnmb. Then a rope with a noose at the cud of it came from some where, and the man who had given the order some minute before repented it, " Gel, Ivan." The smile the man's face had worn was frozen into a contortion of the ghastliest terror. He clasped his hands together pitoously and burst into tears aud wailing. Of all' "tho many whom I naw die that dog's death in Ronmeliu and Bulgaria he was tho only man who did not meet it with a seeming stolid ind»!Verenco. But he was taken unawares and had been allowed to think that all his troubles were over and that he was a free mau again. He had been per mitted to behere that the ohtect of the walk he took was to reinstate him in his home. Amongst other familiar figures I recall is that of one Goldstein, a tailor and haberdnshrr in Adri.inoplc. Goldstein had started iu life as a German, hut had come lo b« a very polyglot and citizen of the world, lie had been through thi- Crimean war. einploxed u: I lorgut. what capacity hr General Wyudham. und was cur- rontlv known as Wvndhatn's Gohhtein. In reward tor his services ho wa. allowed to open a canteen, and made what was fur bun quite a handsome little cumpotenev out ol it. Wun Hit he U up in bit lints in XIihikjIl md j prospered mightily, bo that when I met him he | was a merchant of great consideration. He was a fat round ball of a man, but surprisingly active for btB build and as full of fight as a bull dog. When the irregulars came up into the town tlioy frightened everybody with the solitary exception of old Goldstein. One day whilst the terror was at its height nnd when nine out of every ten shops were closed because of the almost universal panic, one coffee- colored, bandy-legged roystcrcr, with a hat three feet high and a leathern bellyband crammed fnll of lethal weapons, swaggered into Gold- atcin'a establishment and demanded to know the price of something. He clutched at the article he wanted, and threw out tb« monosyllable " Katch," which means " How much ? " Gold stein, who himself stood at the receipt of custom that morning, told him the price. The savage offered a quarter of tbo sum, but Gold- Btein iterated his original demaud. Then the SSebeck offered half with the same result. Finally he drew his sword and flourished it over the counter at the peaceful tradesman, threatening to have his blood if the price weremot abated Thereupon the fat man unexpectedly vaulted the counter, seizing an iron yord measure in the act, and fell upon the savage with so vigorous an onslaught that he drove him from tho shop, and in the end chevvicd him tbe whole length of the bazaar. Oulookers at the sceue described it to me as being indescribably comic. The man of war, laden with murderous knives and the pistols with which his anceitors had stormed Genoa, rau for bis lifo and bellowed like a bull calf, the pursy tailor followiug, yard measure in hand, pantingly threatening and cursing in half the language® of tbe East. I asked the valiant tailor if tho story were true, and he answered, " Do® V09 so." There is human nature even in the Zebeclc. I came across one fellow whom I had very good reason to believe was steeped to the very lips In murderous outrage, aud he was sitting ou a doorstep dissolved iu tears. Being ques tioned as to the reason of his distress, he pointed to a woman and a child iu the near distance. He Raid, with no mauvaue honte , that they reminded him of his own wife and child far away iu his native mountain®, and I liavo no doubt that he had a very sincere affection for tbum and supposed himself to be doing good service to the Padisha in exterminating hi® Christian enemies. The absolute contempt they entertained for the Giaonr, the outside infidel who has no part in the scheme of Maboiuet, must be seen to be believed. My interpreter aud I were riding oue day iuio Pbilliuopoli, when we passed a brace of tho ruffians, who scowled at us as they jogged by. " Giaour varma ?" says one, "Is that a Chris tian ? " " Yar Giaour ! " "It is a Christian 1 " They turned in theirsaddlcs and spat after me with an execration which I suppose I was none the less happy not to understand. They gave us excellent fun sometimes, as wheu on the northern march wo encountered a body of them who had looted some Bulgarian village. One fellow had a sewing machine on his saddle before him, and exhibited tbat trophy with grins of joy and pride. I got my inter preter to ask him if ho knew at which end it went off, and at this query he hurled the machine into a wayside pond and rode away a® if to break hi® neck. We came across a chum of his an hour or two later the same day He, it appeared, had been robbiug a Greek Church, aud for hi share of the loot had brought away a gilt candlestick 8ft. or flit. long. He invited me to taste the metal to assure myself it was gold, and was unshakable in his beliet that it was solid. He was, indeed, so wedded to that opinion that I hardly thought it worth while to dispute the point with liim. There was a third of the tribe who afforded for our observation quite a drama of greed and cumiiug and rage. He had robbed a Spanish Jew of his coat and had done it in mere wan tonness, the garment to all seeming being not worth a sixpence. But the Hebrew refused to be spoiled without q protest and followed the march fpr days, scheming to get his coat back. It it had not been for this persistence the thief would probably have destroyed or thrown away the garment long before, for it was alto gether worthless to him. At last, when he hod worn out beseechings and menaces, the owner of the coat offered to pay for it aud day after day he followed, raising his price every half-hour or so, until the thief's suspicions were excited. In the quiet of tbe night ho made strict examination of the garment, and found that tho lining was stuffed full of little knick-knacks in gold and silver, aud the wretched paper currency of the country. Alto gether I daresay ho found £20 worth thus UlUUcU UWiik, 4IIU Utt'lliJ, ujinavn-" » all, he sold the coat to its rightful owner at an extravagant figure. The misery and rage of that Jew were beyond all description. He was a picturesque old fellow, with a great sweeping mass of white moustache aud beard, and a high- peaked bead of furrowed baldness. I could not follow what he had to say, but belaid it with a gusto and intensity worthy of Salvini. I havo no doubt in iny own miud that he was quite equal to the occasion, and that the sentiments he uttered were in full accordance with tbe exigencies of the hour. The fund of story to be found in the experi ence of war, whether tragic or laughable, is practically inexhaustible. If it were worth anybody's reading I could fill volumes out of the reminisceuces of that oue year, J3ut I have no room for volumes here, and can only for an hour or two dip my hand into the lucky bag of memory and bring out the thing just grasped. I wade acquaintance in Constantinople with a gay, handsome and light- hearted young giaut who had been in the fourth Kunig's Dragoons, and had fought through the Franco-Gorman war. We stayed together in the Byzauce Hotel in the Grande Rue du Porn. He was more than half an Englishman, but had been bred in Hamburg, and all bis sympa thies aud proclivities were German. He wan a bright, harum-scarum fellow, and had gone out to join the Polish Legion and to fight for the Turk against Russia. Wc got to be good friends, an'd one day I gave a little dinner party at which he was one of the invited. I bud asked for the same evening a French officer of cavalry, and when the two eucountored it was impossible not to notice the strange looks they cast upon each other. Ordinarily each of them was bright and quick in conversation aud bubbling over with high spirits. Now they sat glum and silent, and as the dinner went on something of a chill fell ou us all. In the course of half an hour the truth came out. The young German officer bad aeon hi® only brother cut down at his side in a cavalry charge, and had crossed swords with the man that had killed him. These two guests of mine had la?t met on the field of Gravclotte, aud now sat together at my table. A question or two, au answer or two, resolved the whole business, and thoy both got up and went away. There was no ill blood between them, but it was uot easily possible to sit at the samo table with u man who had slain an only brother, or with the man whose brother you had slain. The dinner party, which might have been a very joyful affair indeed, languished sadly, and we had little to talk or think of but this tragic aud strange encounter. Now that I come to look back upon what I have written, it looks rather like Hamlet with out the ghost. The raison d'etre of the whole thing is left out of it. The campaigning memo ries hardly touch the campaign at all. Suppose we have one peep at war before we part com pany. It was in the rainy season, (nnd wo were marching upon Plevna. All the officers, of every grade and every arm, in a force of 20,000 men, were gathered together iu tho chill of the morning upon n misty hill top. Below the hi!! to the left nnd to the rear lay tho curving, muddy road by which our march had led ua, and a mile away to tbe front we saw tho little village of Avlanitza, with tho morning mist pretty thickly about it and above it. A straight unwavering columu of smoke rose out of the mist, just at the cross ing of the river, and we conjectured rightly that the Russians had fired the bridge. Whether the enemy still lurked in tho village it was impossible to determine, without a recou- naibsnncc. and a mere handful of Cossacks, per haps a score, were rent out to feel the way- Wo watched them from Avlnmtza hill top as thev rode, now blurred by low-lying cloud and driving rain, uow lent to aight altogether, and now with the burnished steel of their nceou- tromftuts glistening in answer to some scattering watery gleam from the morning fun, which struggled fitfully against tho damp discomfort of the morning. At last ihe men disappeared in the river log which wrapped the village, and tho strained expect- uncv was broken bv a dull .sound of tiring a mile tu \\\ much sounded aa though it were tillered through blankets to the . ear. A mioute later and our fellows came flying back again, flying for dear life, etretched at fall length upon their horses, Circassian aud Tnrkish-Cousack fashion, and firing backward as they rode. Here and there a horse ran riderless, and here and there a man unhorsed ran his hardest through the heavy mud, or turned to fire. Behind the flying handful came thrice its number ot Rus sian Cossacks, yelling like fiends and plying whip and spur. At the foot of the luii our cavalry lay hidden behind the rising ground, and when flying friend and following foe were within 100 yard®, a detachment of IUO or there abouts net out full tilt to meet them. 1 he pursuers turned, but their onslaught had been so iinpetnoo® and unguarded that the force? were almost mixed, and the clash of steel on steel was heard above the flying thunder of the hoof beats, and tbe thick crackle of carbine fir® from cither side. Then there were more horses running loose, and every here and there horse® dead uron the roqJ, and from our coign of perfect safety we could see the men crawling from the roadway to the sodden fields. The hurrving mass of noise and smoke and fire swept onward towardB the village, and once again pursuit was turned to flight. A Ru=slan cavalry force, fully four squadrons strong, burst from the village aud swept the Turks before them in a flight more wild than that of their predecessors ; and again, as they neared the hill, the Turks hurled a heavier force than their own against them, and again the pursuer® turned with a whole de moniac engine of fire and death behind, and a thunder of hoof® that seemed to shake the solid htll. They swept ou at racing pace towards Avlanitza, and the flying clatter the hoof beats made upon the cobbled pathway oF the village was noisily audible, even through that thick air at a distance of a mile. Jt was no more than a cavalry skirmish, and thejlotsQS on either, .aide counted harelv a score. It was recorded as the merest affair of outposts, but I never saw a pilebed battle into which ao much excitement was crowded. Poor Bond Moore, who ied the ambulance Corps, and who, like so many of the good fellow who shared the fun and danger and privation of tant time, has long since joined the great majority, slapped tne on the hack with an excited cry, and shouted that it heat fox hunting. From the merely spectacular point of view, it was to my mind the most brilliant episode of the whole campaigu. Our men oarac hack victorious, reporting the enemy in full flight, and when the rising sun had gathered force enough to dispel the fog we saw the white tents of the Russians ou a distant hill, melting a9 it were like snow. A sulky cannon shot or two said their good-byes, and we marched on io the relief of Plevna without striking another blow. 