Table Talk. Thk testimonial to Lady Loch is to bo presented on board the steamer Damascus previous to her ladyship talcing her leave of Victoria. 13y this means the navmont of the imbort duty will be avoided. If nil I hoar about the schemes of tlie French and Germans in the South Seas is true,.the trouble in con nection with annexation south of the equator is only beginning. My informant affirms that Herr Kuhlow, a representative: of the important firm of Hernsheim and Company of Jnluit, planters and traders in the Marshall Groupe, who is also acting as agent for the Gorman Government,' lias stated publicly that let Franco only givo another assurance of her refusal to annex . the -New- -Hebrides and Germany wi'l im mediately hoist hor flag over this groupe. ... m : . ' ,■ - •m * . I am also told that.Mr. Layard, the British Consul at Noumea, is fully aware of the intentions of Germany in the Pacific, and that soveral despatches on the sub ject are now in the course of transmission to the British Government. I boHovo Captain Bosanquet of the Opal could givo much information; Anyhow, the Hon.' James Sorvlco has still somo important work before him. , —; ; \ \ ":V.' Mji, J, J. Rondlo, to whose case I referred last week, cortainly lias a grloYunoe,.but I am sorry to see that he is trying to got.redress by wrong moans. Mr. Rondle, who is tho sonior paitnor of Rondle and Mason, im porters, of' Little Colliris-strcot, Molbourno, it appears is very extensively interested in.tho. South Soas. Ho holds lOjOOO acres of land on tho island of Aoba, in the Now Hebrides, and'he is also tho secretary of the Solo mon Islands Trading and Planting Company. Tho title to his own 10^000 aoros was obtained by purchase from natives, and in order to ' malco it sooure ho is anxious for some great nation to tako possession ■ of ^ tho group.; in order.... to . givo . him a proper- title to , tlio .'land' whioli /hods: oultivat-, ing, Tho English, >ho says, will, not tako 'tlio! Now Hobrldos, and: the F;ronoh are kept' by; diplomacy from annexation. .Tho.Gormans Mr. Rendlo.objoots. to, but nevertheless'is . quite ready to sacrifice i his .national, sontimont for tho sako of self into'rost,. ,Of. courso ho would prefer to remain under the British flag, hut the English Government is not affording his property . any protection, and as all his money is invested in the New Hebrides' plantation he is very anxious to savo it.. * • * * What Mr. Bendle thinks on the question of national sentiment may be gathered from the following extract from a letter which he has written to Lord Salisbury apyojHis of the following paragraph which appeared in the Melbourne Age of Saturday last "The German war ship Alexandrine arrived to day from German New .Guinea, Solomon Islands and New Britain. The : captain reports the death of the first lieutenant, Max Paleslce, of fever contracted at the islands. Ho was buried at Lord Howe's Group. During the cruise the German flag was hoisted at Ontong, Java, (or Lord Howe's Group) ; and Ysabel Island." Ysabol Island belongs to the Solomon Islands Trading Company, which has its head office in Melbourne ; and this is what the secretary: of the company writes to Lord Salisbury : " Am I to be forced to mako terms with the winning : party, as the.English are being, driven to do with the • French in connection with their, land olaims in the New Hebrides. . .... . I shall do, nothing furthor beyond presenting my claim to the Gorman Govern ment, but wait to see how the British (Government intends to fulfil its obligations and dutios towards her. subjects who havo acquired land in tho territory an nexed by Germany. An intimate knowlodgo of British rule in the Pacific has painfully and; expensively im pressed on me the disabilities of being n.x^ EngliaUman when,their rights are infringed on by other nations. I appeal to the British Government to know whotlior I must poaeofully surrender my nationality as a natural born British subjoot, with the view of a just settle ment of my rights undor. tho Gorman Government. I beg of you to consider tho subjoot, and to advise mo at an early day of your views thereon." The business of tho Melbourne Stock Exohango hs \- usual during Cup week, has boon somewhat flat. Tho developments at tho Central havo mado that sorip very! buoyant, and tho top price has not yet boon reached. Block 14 also participates in tho dovolop-' mont, and is worth speculating in for a rise. - British ;Blooks are ooming forward, and Souths, now'that they ' • have permission to drive from' tho, Central, will bo more Ipopulnr, but their price, is already as high as- it ought to be throe months hence. Block 5, Bound Hills ancl Norths are worth watching1 closely for a rise, and now that Mr. Jolly's resignation of the management of the Junction mine is an accomplished fact,; the publia will have some chance of sharing in the increased value ' of the property. Eum'or -has it that Mr. Jolly is a1 richer man by £10,000 than when he 'first went to Broken Hill. # ■» ■ • • * . The Melbourne Stock Exchange committee's inquiry into the Bound Hill jiitseo concluded, as every businoss man knew it would, in Mr. Dix's assortion that Mr. Fitzgerald Moore was his backer boiug unproved. Mr, Dix complains that ho would have had fairer play if the press had boen admitted to the inquiry. 'The com plaint is nonsense. The inquiry was not on oath, and as subsequent legal proceedings might be taken to establish the liability to.pay,, tho committee could not sanction a" publia official report. Witnesses were not prohibited from repeating their ovidcnco to reporters for the newspapers tho moment thoy quitted the room, a table being provided for roportors in the corridor, so 'that witnesses could ropeat their evidence while it was fresh in their memory. As the matter stands, Mr. Dix's lawyors' lottcr published in tho daily papers has not raised him in the estimation of tho commercial world noithor has Mr, Fitzgerald Moore's seven column ad vortisoment in the Evening Standard had any mora ,effect than to makei such stock-brokers as have road: iShakspoaro quoto tho phraso, " this man doth protest too much." * » The'truth is that Mr. Dix, with his previous record as chemists' assistant, clerk in a warehouse, husband of a widow with a little monoy, and , flighty speculator, for thoriso, has noyor inspired much confidence amongst the steady-going brolcors, and. they are less inclined than over to take his word as his.bond., Mr. Fitzgerald Moore,. I who is reputed to haYO made largo sums by such quoer things as Kimborloy gold mines (of whiolv mines the Jackson's Beef is a notablo example, and tho Wynaad gold fields, at tho name of whioh every Anglo- Indian .shudders), is dreaded rathor than courted on tho Stock* Exohango. '■ Undoubtedly ho has dono much in bring-'1 jing the Brokom Hill mines into prominence; especially. 'on tho London markot; but he has so frequently boasted' ■that ono day or anothor ho would^show Melbourne1 brokers how thoy do "squeezes "''in ' Frisco and' Now iYorlc,' that Molbourno" men: mistrust his operations on iiOha'ngoi Very few brokers let their tempers got the' better of their judgment, unci avow their belief that he was at (he bottom of the Hound Hill boom ; but many base their belief in Mr. Moore's innocence, not so much upon his high integrity as that they feel sure he is far too keen to let his affairs be bungled in such a stupid fashion. * • * * The auction sale of stocks and shares on Monday last, by Mr. J. B. Patterson, Victorinn Commissioner of Customs, ds made much of in the daily press. To me it seems that sellers have done better than buycrsj if, they had not to pay too much commission. For in stance, Mr. John Grice had to pay 8s. per share more for his Tram scrip than he could have got it on the Stock Exchange. And what about the unfortunate vendors whose scrip was not sold 1 According to the rules of auction sales they will have to pay some com mission when bids were made but not accepted. Cer tainly it seems to me that the Stock Exchange is yet the best medium for buying and selling shares. The excitement of an auction sale cannot be renewed every month, and buyers will soon grow weary of com petition amongst each other. The principal item of Mr. Patterson's sale was the purchase by Mr. John Grice of 4488 shares in the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company Limited—2000 at 96s. Gd. and 24.33 at 97s. 6d., or a total of 4621,514:. The total amount of Monday's sales by auction was £34,584. * # I HEAR that Mr. B. G. Edwards, of Ade'aide, who achieved a certain notoriety in the matter of a share contract last yoar, has really severed his connection with the Wesleyan Ministry. Sharedealings and all the practices in connection with that line of business do not-seem at all compatible with the doctrines preached from pulpits. Mr. Edwards was for many years a minister of the Wesleyan Church at Riverton. He was.one of the early holders of Broken Hill stock, and is now, I hear, a very wealthy man. His step daughter, Miss Jones, who has an independent fortune in Proprietary stock, has just returned to Adelaide from a visit to the neighbouring colonies. It is curious that Adelaide lias furnished the largest number of trading clergymen than any other Australian city. Mr. Carter, the Member for Williamstown in the Vic torian Parliament, was also a Wesleyan minister at Adelaide'until ho joined the Melbourne landboom. # # ' * ' The shareholders of the National Bank ought to be thankful to Mr. Gavin Brown for his protest at the half-yearly meeting, on Cup Da}'. The directors wanted to gloss over the episodo of tho Onyons frauds, and,the chairman, Mr. W. A, Zeal, cooly wanted share holders to believe that tho loss would only be £2700. Mr. Gavin Brown, who is in a position to know, says it will beibetween £40,000 and £50,000, besides which, the legal expenses are enormous. The statement that proper supervision was not exercised over officials passed unrefuted by the directors beyond mere denial. Mr. A. England suggested that the bank was booming the share market by buying its own shares—a pretty gravo acousation j but, as usual, the party supporting the dirootors was all poworful, and tho mooting closed with the customary vote of thanks. One point in connection with tho administration of tho National Bank deserves investigation on the part of tho shareholders. It is, I bollovo, tho only bank in Viotorla which makes its officors pay for the defalca tions of ono of tho members. That is, if tho amount embezzled is more than the guarantee bond covors, tho romaining sura is recoupod by a lovy on the salarios of the innooont officers connected with tho os'ablislimont whore tho fraud was committed. The Now Zealand mail brings particulars of the , statements made by Mr. Buckley ,at tho mooting of shareholders of tho Bank of Now Zealand. Roughly put, he statod that tho loss on oortain unprofitable: accounts would be about £800,000 greater than had ' been statod by tho comraittoo which investigated tho bank's afEairs. The following brief extracts from Mr. Buolcley's remarks will givo an idoa of the whole:— •• For instance, they noticed in ono account that there j was a considerable sum due by a well-known political leadcv who was not now in the colony, and. that it was stated to be perfectly good and sound, and so on. Of course it was not so. The bank never recovered any thing and never would. About one of the first ac counts, he . must mention, which was taken in hand here was the account of Owen and Gra ham. The estimate of loss was stated to bo £20,000, and they had, perhaps, to , be a little particular in that account, bocause it was the first proposed on account of Mr. Owen having/been formerly a director of that bank.. That account was in liquida tion. It had got to £11,000, and in July last it got up to £57,000 ;and he was sure tho bank would not get clear of this account without a loss of £02,000. However he put it down as an excess of £10,000. Another account was that of Henderson and MacFarlanc. The estimate, from it was £20,000, and he put down £20,000 more The next one 'was A. Buckland, Auckland, and Waiknto. He put the deficiency in excess at £25,000. The next he put down was Moirin and Co., Limited. That business was valued to them at the committee meeting at £10,000. .He would say that at the time it was not worth 10s. But the committee could not form an opinion till afterwards. There were then two accounts against Mr. Thomas Russell, there was one item of £20,000, and knowing as he did that Mr. Bus sell was living at home at the rate of some £0000 or £7000 a year, ho (Mr. Buckley) certainly thought he should be made to pay his debt to the bank, and in December last ho gave instructions to the home office that they should ask for the payment of this debt. But no sooner were instructions gi ven than a deed was discovered, and it debarred the bank from making any demand for the £20,000. An advance had been made in London and kept secret from the bank, and for no other purpose than to enable Mr. llussell to speculate on the Stock Exchange and get a living there. However, he took it that they would lose upon that first and last £20,000." Mr. Buckley gave other items and other names which brought up the total to £300,000. It is only right, however, to mention that Mr, Buckley's former posi tion as president of tho bank gave him whatever in sight lie may possess into the affairs of the bank, and he himself was a member of the committee whose re port he now challenges. MAJOit George, ono of tho directors, told the meet ing that on May I at the board Mr. Buckley demanded £1000 a year out of the honorarium or he would leave and broak the bank. For the sake of peace and in the: shareholders' interests that gentloman was permitted to grasp over two-fifths of tho honorarium provided by tho shareholders for the services of seven direc tors, and ho also in a .most unseemly manner took possession of a furnished house and carriage liouse> belonging to the bank and which he now occupies. Mr. Buckley : I appeal to Mr. Murray whether I do not pay for the house £150 a year ? Mr. Murray : I think, Mr. Buckley, the consideration you gave for tho house is tho maintenance and keeping of the house and— Mr. Buckley: Tho arrangemont was that 1 should pay the wages of one or two persons employed at Mr, Mitchelson's, and I have paid them—(" Oh, oh 1" and laughter.) Major George said Mr. Buckley also got his share, £400, of; the amount for payment of the committee. After grasping all he could and selling his shares, making himsolf safe, lie wont out into the streets and did all ho could to' depreciate the value of tho shareholders' property. With regard to tho shares, it appoars that Mr. Buokloy sold sovoral hundred boforo making those damaging statements, and at the meeting of sharoholdors lie. was only possossed of some five or ten shares. As tho rosult of tho negotiations between represen tatives of the Sydney wool- selling firms and of the wool-buying firms, a Sydney' writer states that an araioablo settlement was arranged on Monday last, and the disputo is now terminated. The original claim was for a uniform charge of 8>J per lb. , This would amount to an average of about 4s, 6d. per bale, but it was felt to be. very oppressive to dealers in looks and other descriptions of great weight but . comparatively small value. Tho rato agreed to is stated to bo a charge of about 2s. 3d, per bale irrespective of weight, A VERY large, influential and representative gatlier g o£ gentlemen took place at Scott's Hotel on Friday afternoon, November 1st, when three station properties belonging to the late Mr. Francis Ormond, were put up for auction, the executors finding it necessary to realise on the landed property before they can carry out the instructions of., the will and hand over to the various charitable institutions the sum of £155,000 left,to them. The first property put up was the well-known Borriyalloak station, sittiatcd on Mount Emu Greek, near Skipton, Victoria. Its area is 24,214 acres freehold. After brisk bidding it was knocked down at; £4 Is per acre, but the person to whom it was assigned declined to take it, alleging that he had riot bid. Borriyalloak was put up again, and finally passed in at £1 Is per acre. '\Baangal," also near Skipton, was next put up. Its area is 7,387 acres, of which 7,075 are leasehold at a rent of Is per acre a year. The bidding was not very brisk, and it was passed in at £3 8s per acre, offered by Mr D. Aitlcens. The Kirndeen station in Riverina, about 30 miles north of Albury, was next tried. It consists of 28,480 acres of freehold land, and 1,480 acres conditionally pur chased. Amongst the bidders for Kirndeen were Mr. It. A." Molesworth and Mr. T. B. Payne, but tho competition was not by any means lively, and Kirn deen was also passed in on a bid of £2 17s 6d per acre. Had these properties been sold at the figures given, the amounts would have been : for Borrij'alloak, £101,098 10s ; for Baangal, £23,209 Is ; for Kirndeen, £85,294 2s 6d; The total amount would have been, in round numbers, £210,902, which would have left a balance, after paying the charitable bequests, of £55,902. * ■ • " *: It seems that some of the large landowners of Now South Wales are beginning to think that there is really something in the land nationalisation scheme. Tho Cooper Estate is perhaps the largest and richest private estate not only in New South Wales, but in any of the Australasian colonies. Nearly all the choice sites skirting the waters of Port Jackson, upon which some of the finest residences at Rose Bay, Double Bay and its vicinity, are built on are leaseholds of 99 years. The owners are now seriously thinking of selling when they can get a handsome return, as in a few years ttmo there is no telling what may happen. "m */•' *■ Mr. Edward Langton's letter to the Argus containing the extracts from a certain draper's newspaper adver tisement as to the relative difference in prices in Sydney and Melbourne, has been much canvassed in Sydney alike by freetraders and, protectionists. It is very true that the difference between Freetrado Sydney and Protectionist Melbourno does make a .very great and decided difference in the retail prices. So much so that nearly every Melbourne visitor to tho Now South Wales capital buys in the cheapest market, and large stocks of fiootrado goods pass the border as general effects without paying any duty. * * The many friends of Mr. Fred G-. Collins will much regret to hear of his death, which occurred in Sydney last wcok. He was a man singularly gentle and sweet in disposition, a firm and fast friend who was beloved by those who knew him, and, it may safely bo said, has not left a single enemy behind him. Ho died at tho too early ago of 58 years, after years' of patient sufforing borne with almost horoio fortitude. For many years ho most ably represented in the colonies tho important firms of GHlbort and Go. and Robert Porter and Go,, and his loss will bo felt quite as koonly in business circles as in the,sooial sphoro in which ho moved, and in which alike ho was as highly ostoomod. Peace bo to his ashos, Mr. F. G . Oollins was a younger brother of Mr. H. M. Oollins, the general agent of Reutor's Tologram Go., Limited, * Cabling from England to the Australian daily papers has not yet reached the stage when it could be considered a fine art, or else the story of the allogcd legaoy of £1,400,000 bequeathed by a clergyman of Syd ney, Rev. H. A. B. Turroll, to an English laboror named Pearoo, would not have been sent through tho wires at considerable expense and to the exclusion of really important nows items. It is absolutely untiuo. Tho investigations of English newspaper correspondents show that the report is without foundation in fact> although visitors to London from Sydney say that there is or was a clergyman named Turrell in that city, who was reported to he a rich man, but certainiy not a millionaire. The latest account of the affair is as fol lows : Fearce worked at Kettering as a plasterer. About two months ago he told his employers that next June he expected'to' succeed to an inheritance of £5000, which was in Chancery. Later in the day he went to London professedly to see about this money. On the following Saturday an advertisement appeared in a local paper—the Wellingborough JVews—inquiring I for the " whereabouts of John James Pearcc; plasterer' formerly of Brixham, Devon," stating that by the death of the Rev. H.,A. B. Turrell, of Sydney, the said Pcarce was heir to " the whole of his property, amount ing to £1,400,000." This advertisement was not sent to the paper in the usual style of legal advertisements, but was brought by a seedy individual who appeared very illiterate. Pearce returned from London and' showed this advertisement to his employers' sons (John and James Cattell), and he answered to the description so well that they believed the thing to be Vonajide. Ho said he had to go to Sydney to get the money, and asked for a loan of £50 or £00 to pay the passage and outfit. The'tale appeared so plausible that money was to have been advanced on the following Wednesday night, but the Gattolls telegraphed to tho solicitors mentioned in the advertisement, Drew, 100 Fleet street, London, but received no answer, and one of them going to London found no such solicitors were known. Under these circumstances they, declined to make the advance he asked for. Pearce soon after wards left Kettering and, it is stated, lias not been seen there since. _ ' a The Lanccfield people have evidently much leisure time, and which they utilize to improve their . minds by attending lectures. Just at present a gentleman named Thomas Dulake, who says that ho has passed his degroos under the English Government of Royal gas fitter, and worked in tho Royal Dock yard at Chatham, is causing considerable sensation in the Lancofiold district, and as ho is likely to prolong his Australian tour before ho is lauded in a lunatic asylum, it is just as well that 1 introduce him to tho roaders of Table Talk, so that thoy may give him a proper rocoption wlion lie calls on them for the purpose of unfolding his gigantic I schemes. i Mil. Phil Gullott gives tho following roport of tho proceedings " Mr. Thomas Dulako, who has rocontly attained some celebrity by his viows on the eradication of grasshoppers, attemptod to deliver a locturo on tho subject on Monday evoning at the Lancofiold Me chanics' Institute. Tho hall' was well filled, and so ultimately tods the lecturer,; This lattor untoward cir cumstance was due to tho misplaced zoal of sovoral of his supporters, who kopt constantly supplying him with raw spirit wiblv a prodigality which would have boon inoxeusablo had it not sprung from out husiasm, As a consequence, Mr. Dulalco's address lacked tho coher ency and lucidity whiolr should characterise the uttor anoos of a Royal Gas Fitter, when unfolding tho dotails of a gigantio sohorao to a public meeting. His spoooh was for tho most part inaudible, owing to tho sorios of interruptions which took place throughout tho even ing, and which, in _addition; to the ordinary noises inoidont to such occasions, compi'isod sovoral fanta sias, vigorously oxooutod on a largo bullock-boll. This tintinnabulation had a most; distracting effect, and confusion .reigned supreme, until a . stop^ was put to the proceedings by the carotakor, who discreetly, turned out the lights whon tho uproar was at its climax.'; Under such advorso circumstances it' would bo impossible to give ovou an outline of tho locturo, and wo must oonilno ourselves to tho following. fragmentary extracts, which managacl to make them selves hoard above liho din. " I think that somo of the people who ,woro cxportod — or I may say, transported— to this country; have roso up to what thoy call gontlo inon, but it takes a lot to make a gentleman, Adam' was our fathor, and it does not matter whothor wo are English or Irish. Wo should all join and help mo along in catching grasshoppers. We have the Lance field Water works, but can you drink the water ? (cries of " No ") No wonder when the Commissioners have not paid their contractor yet. Ain't they a mean lot? It is impure water. (Cheers.) The design is very bad and it has to be worked out. But they are so long in coming at who is in fault. Where are the leading men of your township? I think we have had a funeral lately and have buried some of them by mistake.' (Laughter.) ? " So Australia is threatened with another shipment of England's reprobate aristocracy in the person of Lord Mandeville who has been covering liis name with un desirable notoriety in the London Police Courts in connection with Miss Bessie Bellwood, a music hall singer and professional beauty, and also with Slavin the Australian . pugilist. Miss Bellwood has lately been before a police magistrate for either defending Viscount Mandeville or assaulting the cabman, who applied to that shining specimen of the " upper ten " for a little debt of about £G0 for cab fares (under the circumstances it is difficult to define which was her offence). It seems the cabman, hearing that Lord Mandeville was an admirer of Miss Bellwood, waited outside her house for his titled creditor, whom he had discovered was visiting there. After waiting from noon till 9 at night, his lordship and tlie singer came out, when the cabman applied for his debt. The lat ter asserted that Lord Mandeville pushed him, where upon lie returned the incivility, and Miss Bellwood joined in the combat by hitting cabbie over the face. A polish maker, who was called as a witness, said that the irate lady "pinched" the cabman, "literally pinched him, sir." IJpon re-examination, the debtor Jehu admitted that he had frequently received sums on account of the Viscount's cab hire. Before Lord Mandeville was called the Magistrate remarked that it was the fir3t time lie had heard of a woman protecting a nobleman in the way in which Miss Bellwood ap peared to liavo done. Finally, after further unedify ing details, tho Magistrate decidod that, through tho debt not having been paid, there was a scuffle between 'Viscount Mandeville and tho cabdriver, and Miss Bell wood interfered to protect her friend. " Young ladies," said the Magistrate, "she should learn, had better not interfere in any dispute between two men." Eventually tho combative singer was ordered to enter into her own recognizances of £20 to keep tho poaco for six months and to pay thrco guineas costs. Miss Bollwood's sister, Miss Bcllo Bilton, has just married tho son of a poor, whoso father sent him away in charge of his tutor to Australia directly ho hoard of tho mes alliance 5 and Lord Dunlo, tho hero of tho hymeneal faut 2}a»j wo know, has already roaclied our shores, Tho causo of Lord Mandoville's trouble with Slavin, tho pugulist, was a personal remark the latter made about tho Viscount after a supper at which they and a few othor. convivial spirits had partaken at Miss Bell wood's residence. Tho story goes—that all tho com pany turned on tho fighting man, and an affray rosultcd in which a groat many wounds and bruisos wore re ceived and Slavin wns turned out of doors. Tho ox asporatod Lord Mandeville took out a summons against the pugilist, butthought better of tho hasty action, and, next morning, tho iwholo affair was mado-up, and all parties conoornod bronlcfastod together at tho Oritorion. And now, it is reported, that Lord Mandovlllo is to bo sent to, tho same Southorn ponitontiary as Lord Dunlo j and a host of othor young men of liko ilk havo boon rologatod by their distrnctod rolatives, with what re formed results our police-court rocords, and such names as Doorhurst, St. Leonards, Bonzon and others, dis astrously declare. In Australia - an English papor hopes—Lord Mando vlllo will retrieve his character ; and it is opined that "Australia would bo just the place where ho could rooOvor hismontal and.moral equilibrium," His Lord ship is dosari bod "as ." noi thor a good-looki ng nor par tioularly hoalthy-looking man of six and thirty, His complexion,is sallow and his oyos aro altogether lack ing in lustre, whilst 'his clarlc" moustache appears to liavo lost much, of its .former jauntinoss,!.' ;; Lady Mandovlllo "is an American who ohce'' enjoyed the reputation of baing a " beauty." She is a brilliant conversationalist and a welcome figure in Society, both London and Parisian, and belongs^to—tlie.J'Marl borough House Set." Our Ei^l-ish''-nqbilifcyi/seom in some occult way to have becOme, seized with the con viction that Australia has^a" regenerating'lnfl'urice on the young scions of their ancient hoifses) that by some hidden, but all-saving piV)cess, they' will breathe re form and amendment into Vh.eir moral system amid the social and climatic co-.ditions of" this country.—or, is it that in shipping their turbulent progency to the other side ofithe world,and thus removing the scandal of their presence and exploits from the circle of their irritated vision, they hope as a "last resort that the haven of relief they experience thereby will in some mysterious but untroublesome manner work out the salvation of their profligate sons. .i It is time the titled ones, of Englaud deceived them selves no_longcr, and if they are not already cognisant of the fact, they should bo made aware that Australia is about the last reformatory,school in the world to which they should dismiss their unmanageable mem bers. On the contrary, these expatriated ones on land ing here pursue their careers with the greater license of removal from restraining influences, and tho Sharks of the Antipodes, as voracious as those of colder seas' are equally clever at surgical operations or in swallow ing their prey holus bolus, and thus feast and grow fat on tho roistering "blue blood" of England. The sooner tho nobility disabuse their minds of their cgro giously mistaken conceptions and self-deceiving hope fulness the better for themselves, and also for the respect which juvenile Australia is expected to bear to a class of people whose very name—aristocracy—de rived from tho Greek Aristor—best, noblest, and Kratos—strength, power, should be the embodiment of all that is. great and good in man ; but if such repre sentatives of the genus, as the many our native born have had passed under their observation are to be let loose here, when beyond endurance at home, no marvel if the young Australian's admiration for Aristocracy should suft'or an eclipse and that tho torchlight of Democracy should bo seized by them, as a means to lighten the obscurity of their vision. * • * ■ * The spring raco meeting of tho V.R.C. suffered a little, so far as attendance went, in comparison with that of last year. On Darby day, though tho weather; was perfection, tho attendance of spectators, fell short by some thousands that of the Exhibition year. Tho Maribyrnong stand was empty, the hill was only decently filled, and tho gathering on the flat could hardly bo called a crowd, Tho n'oticoable feature of tho promenado on tho lawn was the studied simplicity of tho ladies' dresses. Gorgeous silks and satins, gaudy sunshades, and grotesque hats and bonnets had all dis appeared. Like Beau Brummol, tho ladies sought for effect in exquisite fit, graceful 'drapery, and perfect style, I-Iusbands and fathers, liowovor, will ruefully noto that tlioro is no diminution in their drapery bills. If zephyrs and liborty silks do not cost so much per yard as Genoa volvot or g'ros do Lyons, somohow or othor tlioro is very liltlo reduction in tho prico of the finished article. m • ^ . * * The amount of cash bottiug on Saturday was enor mous, exports in tho matlor calculating that at least £30,000 was invested with the bookmakers in tho pad dook, and some assort that double that amount was speculated by tho public. Lluburn for tho Maiden Plato, Aborcorn for tho Melbourne Stakos, and Dread nought for tho Dorby wore tho only favorites that won, Chintz for tho I-Iotliam Handicap, Admiral for the Maribynong Plato, and Boz for the Goburg Stakes wore 10 to 1—chances liltlo, patronised by tho general.pub lic—-many of tho bookmakers not having laid tho liorso onco.. As lor tho Derby, many of thu sbartors wore well baokod. On tho whole,' bookinakors'-must have loft tho field vory well satisfied with their day's profit. Gash . betting has interfered with tlio popularity of sovereign swoops, but ladlosVswoops i'or 5s. and 2s. Od. got up by ladios, sooni to bo:mor6 popular than ovor. . .'••• "vC-a- Y'"YY.'-" -v jrY 'W -V; VvV.v.V* Gup Day woathor was perfection for racing, though a; trifle . dull and: threatening/ rain sufficient' to oauso,. anxloty to summor-olad' ladies. ■ -The usual controversy as to the ntimber of visitors is in full swing, the esti mates ranging from SO,000 to 120,000, hut the traffic statistics certainly favor the latter estimate. The public again had a fair share of luck in the betUng. Bellringer, the winner of the Hurdle race, was largely backed. Steel trap, who won the Railway Handicap! though not so much fancied as Sequel and Rothwell, was largely supported by " knowing ones" and their " friends. For the Cup Melos, Carbine, Cardigan and Pakeha had.just as good a chance as Bravo, the ulti mate winner; and as nearly all the horses left in the race, together with such as Tradition and Lonsdale, who were scratched, were largely backed, the book makers who refrained from plunging against the best six, as most of them did, were certain to make a good haul, although a few have been hit over the double Derby and Cup. Clare, the winner of the Kensington Stakes, was another win for the tipsters; as also was the triumph of The Spot in the Nursery Handicap^ arid The Wild Oat in the Yan Yean Stakes. Cash bookmakers, however, could very well afford to pay on* these wins, for the public on the course very liber ally backed any likely horse in the race on which the odds were more liberal. The cash betting was tremendous, the total amount invested, including the five shilling rates on the Hill, being estimated at over £100,000. - * * Among; the sensations of the betting on the Mel bourne Cup are the-big wins of the bookmakor Phillips, known popularly as the South Melbournite. He backed Bravo freely, and, it is said, wins over £10,000, When he saw the number up he turned pale as a ghost, as traditionally held to be, and almost fell to the ground* L. Zucker, also a well-known boookmaker, is reported to have laid £27,000 against Bravo in such wagers as £10,000 to 50, £1000 to 1, £500 to 2, and so on. T. Wilson, the trainer of Bravo, is said to have done all his trial gallops by moonlight, in order to evade the touts. The "stable" wins a lot of money, including £5000 which Phillips offered them to nothing an hour or two before the race. Many familiar faces wero absent from the Cup festivities. Mrs. .Rupert Clarke was not present, owing to the death of Mrs. Barclay Thompson, who was lier aunt; and the Misses and Lady O'Loghlen are also in mourning for Mrs. McKillop. Mohe people than usual came over from Adelaide to soo the Melbourne Cup. Amongst the number I noticed tlio Hon. David and Mrs. Murray, who, I be-. Hove, that although vory old residents in Australia, they had never boforo been present at tho groat Aus tralian racing carnival. I heab that Mrs. T. Hamil, a married Ipdy, who is well known in Melbourne society, has written a story entitled " My Dog Oscar." Tho book, which is'already in tho hands of tho printers, will be published shortly. Another member of society—a young lady who resides in East Melbourne, and is admired for her boautiful contralto voice—is also to court publicity shortly by appearing as a professional concert sirigor; Thus a Mclbourno gossip in tho Hamilton Spectator, " Mclbourno lias representatives of every orood, and among tlioso who bid for public favor' are the spiritu ' alists, who, after being quiosoont for a wliilo, are again bidding for public favor. During tho wools tlioy hold an oxporionoo mooting" in tlio Thistlo Company's Hall. It was an amusing gathering. Many of "thc.se who gavo thoir experiences are on delightfully intimate terras with tlio spirits, whom they address by endearing namos, 'Indeed one of tho spoakors told how a ghost was wont to sit on his knoo, throw his arms about him, and oxhibit his friondly fooling in the most oxuborant fashion. Mr,.Carson, who is protty woll known by all who doliglit in manifestations and seances, was one- of tho spoakors, bub neither ho nor his confreres suc ceeded in showing to what end thoir oolostial guosts had waited on them. Thoy enmo, said nothing, wrote the merest triiles, and so departed. However, the cult seems to be progressing, and every now and then in quite unsuspected quarters, I drop on somebody who admits with a certain pardonable hesitation, that he thinks there is something in it. To the sceptic it is all very perplexing, and when he finds that if prepared to put the matter to the test he must run the risk of spending months in a perfectly passive attitude, in rather hysterical company, he resolves to remain in . outer darkness. * ■'* . ■ * - ■ The proposal to let the Victorian Railway refresh ment bars to a London caterer looks like a bold job. The proposal to accept five per cent, on the takings leaves the door open to fraud, unless the Government appoint an inspector at every refreshment bar to count each day's takings I know an enterprising gentleman who will offer fifteen per cent, on schedule prices, and bo honest. The management of all the refreshment stalls by one individual is an impossibility, and subletting must follow, as a natural consequence. Why then disturb matters for the sole benefit of one individua.17 Let the Commissioners supply better accommodation and reduce the rental of the refresh ment rooms, and the travelling public will reap the' benefit by getting better refreshments at moderate prices. m Last week I received a post card bearing the post mark "Sommet do la Tour Eiffel," which my friend had written and posted at the top of the tower, and in which he sent me his highest regards and then went off to St. Cloud. ' Mb, Sinclair, of Gunnedah, New South Wales, who claims the Caithness peerage, has commenced a law suit to establish his title. "Dod's. Peerage" of 18S9 contains the following with reference to the Caithness peerage " Caithness, 15th Earl of. Created in 1455 j Baron of Berriedale, 1455 (Scotland) ; Baron Barrbgil, 18GG (United Kingdom), by which last titlo he holds his seat in the House of Lords j Baronet, 1G29 (Scot land). George Phillips Alexander Sinclair, son of the 14th Earl by Louisa Georgiana, daughter of Sir George Richard Phillips, second Baronet, Born in Hill-street, Berkeley-square, 20th November, 1858, ; succeeded his father in 1881 j educated at Magdalene College, Cam bridge i appointed Lord Lieutenant of Oaithnosshiro, 1881\. The first Earl was Lord Chancellor of Scotland, and was third Earl of Orkney, a dignity which ho sur rendered to the Crown when those islands became the property of James III,, by his marriage with Mar garet of Denmark. Heir unknown." Many Happy Retubns op the Day. On Friday, November 8 To Mr. Moritz Miohaolis, born 1820. To the Rev. Philip Bailhacho. To Mr. W. L. Lamonby, sporting editor Evening Standard. On Saturday, Novnmbor I) :—To Mr. George Frede rick Bartrop, P.M., born 1822. To Mr. Georgo Pinch, J.P., born 182)3. ■ To tho Rev. Lorimor * Fison, _M.A,, born 1832, To the Rev. George Davidson Buchanan, E.A., born 1853. To the Rov. Harry Oollior, born 1854, To Mr. William Thomas Eoay (Goloraino AZWcm), born 1858. ON Sunday, Novombor 10'—To Mr, John Wilson Wright, .3, P.j born 1881. To Mr. Fredorick j Shoppard Grirawado, born 1840. On Nonday, November 11:—To Major John Inno rarity Buohan, . - ON Tuesday, Novombor 12 j—To tho liov. John Daw born, born 1885. . To Mr. R. B. Virgooj born 1854\. To Mr. James Alipius Trainor (Nagambio , ' ■Thnea)f born 185G, On Wodnosday, Novombor 18 To Mr. J; P. Crows, J.l\, born 1815, To Mr, William Henry Arohor, K.C.P., K.S.O., J.P., born'1825. On Thursday, Novombor-14 !■—To Mr ' Aloxandor Giliespio, born 1811. To Mr. Godfrey Barker Borry, J.P. ■; ' liOSWliLL. 