A PAST REDEEMED. Chapter "VI. — (Continued.) " Ladies and gentlemen," says he;as easy as if. ho wero talking nonsense to Mixs Carey over a piano, but as sharp, and firm as a colonel on parade; "the- nrst thing we ve to do is to remember that God looks after us wherever we are." He spoke that as if he knew it; and I guess though we often say tho same words we don't always mean the same thing. "The next is to keep a good heart and put our shoulders to tho wheel. I've been in worse plights than this, but I've always fallen on my legs, ' somehow, and I mean to fall on them again, though the ground is slippery. .We may trust one another — an English, gentleman, two English Indies, an American citizen" — (I bowed)— "two. British tars, and the rest of us used to rough it all our lives — what better stuff than that could you want at a pinch, I should like to know?" — ("Much better," I thought to myself, but I didn't say so. Vain creatures that wo are, he had tickled us into courage: before we had time to be afraid;) — "If wo keep along the shoro we must como somewhere nt last, though it may tako us the , winter through. Winter's a long word, but waiting's a longer. Esquimaux and Englishmen have got through a Polar winter many a time, and what :' man has done man may clo — aye, .and: women, too. , I /. should like to see tho man: that'll: givo . . in with a woman by, or thoi woman when she's got to help a man. IIow. are we to travel? We've got a boat which makes a sleigh ; ashore, with a little carpentry. Horses ? .We've six in hand — six men. Harness ? Hopes— therethey are. Cover? I'll show you Jiow to roof the sloigh with sail- cloth. Warmth ? Exercise and sitting close, if Miss Carey.uin't proud: and don't raind a .whiff of tobacco. Food ? Short allowance, and Mr. Carey's gun : and, for' cooking, frost's as good as fire. Physio I Brandy and Professor Crowe's pills : I've been assistant to a physician myself, in pretty large practice too," lie said with a sort of a > twinkle. Not that he was joking, though — he only talked bold, and a "smile's good physio in such times.' " So there's all tho necessaries of life and some of the luxuries too — especially the pills. I'm an old vagabond, and I've been alive and meriy on less than we I shall be ; I've been without a penny in England, and you can't beat that any where. So you, Mr. Carey, shall be our huntsman, with Joe Eletcher to help you; you, Air. Professor, shall have charge of the stores ; Bill Smith shall keep our caravan sound and tight, and I and this good old gentleman shall be odd job men. I've done most odd jobs — very odd ones — in my day. And you, ladies, shan't be idle, never fear. There'll be cooking, and mending, and keeping our hearts up. The first lady that says a sad word in a man's hearing shall be sent to Coventry as long as we can bear it ; any man that grumbles, or wants more than his share of beef, 'baccy, or brandy shall have buccaneer law ; lie shall find his way home alone. What say you, mates? Those that say aye, hold up your hands." The women held up their hands as quiak as death ; then John Carey, Esquire, held up his left hand, and slapped his right into Mr. Combe's ; then I and the sailors put up all our six hands, and Mrs. Einch gave the old man a push and up went his too. " Three cheers for Captain Combe 1 ' cried out John Carey: "Hip — hip — " Hurrah 1" we answered him, but & ' not with much spirit. " Hurrah" sounded like the ghost of a cheer in that thin ghost of an atmosphere that had scarce enough body to be breathed. All the same, there wasn't another man but old Robin Combe could have . made 10 lost souls like us gasp out tiie faintest " hurrah ?" He knew human nature, that man — so he let us drink his health in a drop of brandy apieco, measured out in Miss Carey's thimble. Then we chewed o bit of beef, and set to work with a will. It wasn't nice work, but it Had' to be done. Our boat was a pretty big one, rather too big when we came to draw it— I've been subject to lum bago since then — so, having roofed it with sail-cloth, wo divided it by a cur tail? into two cabins, the men's being the " common parlor. It wasn't a palace ; indeed I doubt if a decent hog would have called it a styo ; and there was a want of ventilation, especially when all 10 of us wero nt home and half a pipe was allowed to each man. But she went— at last. Yes, she Blodo ; and then, before we started south. I had an idea. As an American citizen, . I had a duty to porform. We had a split oar which I fixed in the- ice for a flag-pole, and from a cleft in- the blade I floated THE STAR- SPANGLED BANNER that our boat had saved. "What are you doing there, pro fessor ?" asked Captain Robin. "I'm stealing a march, sir," I said; bowing to the flag; " this may be un appropriated territory, end I'm taking possession for the United States of. America." Ho smiled; and maybe he wasn't' much to blame in thinking my coun-: try's new acquisition wasn't worth, a war, tho.ugh the English were nine to one. #./ ' . Those awful days I I wish I'd kept- a journal, .for without some help T-; bould as soon describe a nightmare. I; never was an out-and-out < Aboliri tionist after the first week. To .hoe cotton when . the flesh: has just been whipped off your bones must be just heavenly to what wo had;, to do, day after day, in the' darkness and hunger and cold, not knowing: from one hour to another if we could keep it up for one moro. Eor those niggers had the blessed sun on thcirsore backs; and' I'd have. sold myself, body, and soul, to mako horse-shoes for a; thousand years in tho middle of Etna, : An enterprising Italian gentleman who mado a very underground tour: some yearsagofound even tho infernal: heat better to bear than the infernal" cold, and T believe him. All the samo,-: you'd not believe how strong nnd- hale wo grew. Tho thinnest and" straightest-down man T ever.knew. was one Dr. Harris ; but even he wouldn't:; have required suspenders, the air was; so bracing, Wo didn't cat too much; nor drink, too -much;; nor smoko-too much, nor think too much ; wo led a good , hard downright . life of savage: nature, and — though we didn't liko it: ; — wo : got the bettor for rit' without- knowing how. . It's my belief that civilisation, though not wi thou tad van tages, is an overrated .thing. It gives us. pickled cucumbers, but takes away.: the power to digest them. b But savages are grave people, all the whole world over ; and Nature did not- succeed in lightening our hearts or our: burdens. Wo did grumble sometimes, in spite of Captain Robin's mutiny laws, and though ho was never with out a bravo strong word for each and ; all;. Next to him, the women behaved best, ospcoially the two fine ladies, who. I daresay at homo had enjoyed their flounces and their honchiches and all- their other little feminine luxuries with; tho best in tho land. Tho two otliors';; the peasant and Mrs. Hay, were too; humble and silent to please me; they : behaved too much as: if thero wns such a thing as aristocracy - in the re public of nature. I doubt if Mrs.! Hay said six words to a soul after the wreck of the Stui.lt Bremen ;: but she,; was a useful,, helpful woman all the: same, and did what she was told-v. except in the way of raising our. spirits, for somehow it ninclo, one sad. to look' at her. p- John- Carey, Esquire,- was a clever, shot:', I' shan't soon -forget- the day wlien, during . a halt, he- and Joe Fletcher returned to head quarters— the caravan— wi th a -young seal ; the first specimen, of the ; fauna: of the .territory, that had fallen .to his; gun'.: ' It was time, 'too, for I, as storoV keeper, wos'findiiig' out the V need of: . bei ng m eari. : Miss Ca rey seem ed like' crying, when sho looked at tho creature's soft brown eyes - that . Had ' barely got filmy ; but I .was too sharp-set for sympathy even with a. pretty girl; ' let; alone a seu-ciilf/and after a while - our; captain contrived for us, I don't' know; how, a dish for an emperor — good, firm, oily blubber, without .' waste of groasoby cooking, just the thing for a country where you require lots of- fat animnl food. The women, especially. Mrs. Einch— there's no class so dainty as hers — wouldn't touch it at first ; hut; after a time they got some starvation sauce, and that mado it go downt Think of that, madam — a pretty girl eating lumps of uncooked blubber with a good appotite and a tarry skewer ! That seal lasted us . pretty well ; and meantime we held, on towards the rosy horizon whence meteors kept flaming like rockets, and under the white constellations that kept up a slow German waltz round,; the polo- star all night and nil day long. Not once did we see the sun;, but on and on we toiled, like lost souls groping under ground, with no guide butthe sea. It- was all work and no rest: all night and no day. ' | It would be tiresome to tell our story hour by hour, when every minute was just the same, like in eternity. All I can do is to jot down things as they came into my head. Once, for instance, we had an adventure' with a more unpleasant animal than a seal. John Carey, one morning — if one can talk of mornings whore it's the same o'clock for a week together— found himself walking straight towards a big white hear, and the bear found herself lounging straight up to a man with' something in his left hand she'd never seen before. He didn't know but what white bear might be -good eating — (they aren't) — so, without thinking twice about how to tackle that kind of big game he up with his rifle and fired. It wasn't far off the caravan : and thunder, what a yelling growl made our bones rattle in our skins ! That was tho only time I heard the women scream. Captain Rob was out at the sleigh's stern like lightning, and ' I after him ; and thero we saw tho beast, that wa3 only hurt in tho shoulder, coming on at a sort of soft, pawing, striding run, right towards John Caroy and Joe Fletcher. What brute beasts of prey wu men must seem to tigers and bears ! We think' nothing of killing and eating a mother because she has four legs instead of two, and then calling her a savage for objecting. However, it was a case of self-preservation this time — we had to fight for life, and between! two lots of sayages let the 'cutest win; Joe Eletcher was shambling along as fast as his sea-legs would let him, with his back to the enemy — J ohn Carey was effecting a movement to the rear. in good order, loading as he came with a cool hand. But he wasn't, many yards from thu' sloigh, and was just about to lire again, when Mrs. Carey, who'd, behaved like a brick up to. now; couldn't sit by and see her husband risk his life" for a slice of boar's ham without making a fool of herself, She was over the stern and by his side in a twinkling ; and that was , tho first and only time I rend temper in John Carey's eyo. Up went his loaded rifle to his shoulder — things looked bad for Madame Boar. But — I won't ask -you to beliovo it evon on my word of honor, though it's as true as Gospol all the same — no sooner did tho brute catch sight of a real lady than— I don't know whore it came from — she came to;a halt and stood facing us with n. little whito puff-ball of a cub between her yellow tusks, as much as to say,, "Honor .ninongsnvngos,ma'am I . Alady lilceyou won't let a. gentleman- like him strike at , a lady like mo through hor baby." 'Twas an appeal to all tho feminino instincts that makes queens akin to .crocodiles, John Carey said lie could no moro have pulled tho trigger than ho could have killed a woman,, and his wife's hand wont up to his - right arm. "Run .back, Lucy," ho said ; " I'll save a cartridgo: this .time.",-' He1 backed after her, still facing .. the bear, and 'twas the prettiest bit of politeness l ovor saw — Madam backed too, the other way, as if they'd made a . bow and a curtsoy. . Jokr. Carey shot more than one or.two bears after, when he hud the chance to fire without missing anil seal-blubber was low; but I'm happy to say that :lady with the wounded shoulder was never one of them. I've heard many benr stories, but never ono to beat that, anyhow. / '.' I'm afraid boars give US-credit for better instincts than somo of us deserve, Lucy," said. John Carey.- v "We've known of pcoplo. not a hundred miles from Culmstend who'd havo thought madam was exposing her cub. to save :lior own skin, and would have fired out of sympathy." The old woman, Airs; Finch; was by. " Begging your pardon, ma'am," said 'she in her queer accent, " I've knowed Careys: nigh, our old home. ayon. the -moor; and as your good gentleman named Culmstead, ma'am" — — " Culinstead ? Surely— surely you are not one of my old 'friends from dear 'old Uulm'stcad ?" , And she drew a big sigh, and no wonder,: for not one of us, since' wo had been cast away, had dared to speak of homo. " Mrs. : Hayfinch I be, from Lance " 1 But 'before sho had finished'- the word - our gentlo Airs. Carey recoiled bohind her husband's shoulder, as if she'd met -with -something worse.than a white bear. ;; ; " Jack !" she whispered quickly, but loud enough to: -ho hoard, !' there arc i Airs; Hayfinch — -and Job?" vv(T'thput it down Finch in tho roll, thinking- Hay. was. English for our initial A— A. Finch for Andrew or -Abraham).:, - 1 =, "Aye; miss— aye, sir — that bo my Job — over : ,70 year old ; now. Dear, dear mo I And to think you're Airs. Carey — and to: think of . you here I Oh, lna'atn, bo our little Bessy- alivo aucl well ?" , " What — you are;! Job and Deborah :Hayfinch ! " broke out: J ohn Carey, sternl)', (' And you dare, to ask about your little Bessy ! " i. " Ah, sir, that do II" ; . -." Don't speak, Lucy 1" said; John Carey. " And ' you bo quiet too, woman, if you can. Master Job Hayfinch, my - commission , as one of tho - Devonshire Bench doesn't reach here, nor English > law either, , worse luck; so T -may; ask you to criniinato yourself us much as T please, and T will.-. - So; you'ro tho: Job -Hayfinch, are you, that ran away : Heaven knows where and loft" a little- girl to die in tlie middle of Dartmopr, are you ?" John Hayfinch looked from : John Carey ito his wife; iii; liis usual stupid; stolid: way.; !but the .woinaii": found : her tongue. : " .What's that, sir ? . What's,, that,. Airs; Carey, ma'am ? . Aly Job leave our; little . Bossy, ; bless li or, to die ? Begging your pardon, Mr. Carey,: niy Job be'nt tho man to do that to a dog, not for all the gold and silver that don't .grow in 'Merica no more nor; no where elso like blackberries. All, you 'Careys j;,- -Speak, out, Job;- ike a man as . thee be, and toll— my poor little Bessy— poor little tiling" — — But Job only scratched his head and stared. "It be a main long while ago," said he. " I want to .go to sleep in Lancemoor Churchyard, that be all J wiint to do. 'Alerica do muddle a man, sure-lye." -v " Not an honest man," began John Carey, impetuously, when Bill Smith, the sailor, niade a leg forward and tugged his front hair. " Do I take your honor as how that there, old gentleman went for to do for a little girl 1 Then, if so be as that be so, your honor, me and my mate do humbly think as that's how the Statt Breming went down. No luck never corned to no . ship as had murder aboard, and none'll come to us now. I started : so did we all. We are an enlightened age, but anything seems likely enough when you're in latitudes that haven't gone , an incli forward since the world was made. "So mo and my mate," wont on Joo Flotcher, who was a bit of a sen- lawyer, "we won't stir another stump, not we, if we don't havo , the old son- law on that there Job. And that, begging your honor's pardon, that wo say and that wo stick to. Don't wo, Bill?" " Aye nye, shipraot ; we've had murder aboard in our time aforo now j and if we want to roach port wo must do now what wo did thon." " And what did you do thon ?" asked the full voice of Captain Robin, who had come among us in his quiet way unseen. " Wo pitched him overboard, oap'en — and the wind went down as quick as he." Airs. Deborah clasped her hands in agony, too scared to scream. (to sb continued.) 