PADDY THE PIPER. ————O———— BY SAMUEL LOVER From the selections of his unpublished papers (by kind permission of Messrs. Stuart & Co. of St. George's Terrace, Perth.) ———o——— I'll tell you, sir, a mighty quare story, and it's as thure as I'm standin' here, and that' no lie :—It was in the time of the 'ruction, whin the long summer days, like many a fine fellow's precious life, was cut short by raison of the martial law,—that wouldn't let a dacent boy be out in the evening', good or bad ; for whin the day's work was over, divil a one of uz daar go to meet a frind over a glass, or a girl at the dance, but must go home, and shut ourselves up, and never budge, nor rise a latch, nor dhraw boult antil the morning kem agin. Well, to come to my story :—'Twas after nightfall, and we wer sittin' round the fire, and the pratees was boilin', and the noggins of butther-milk was standing ready for our suppers, whin a knock kem to the door. ' W,' says my father, ' here's the sojers come upon us now,' says he ; 'bad luck to thim the villins, I'm afeared they seen a glimmer of the fire fhrough the crack in the door,' says he. ' No,' says my mother, ' for I'm afther hanging an ould sack and my new petticoat agin it, a while ago.' ' Well, whisht, any how,' says my father, ' for there's a knock agin ; ' and : we all held our tongues till another thump kem to the door. Oh, it's folly to purtind any more,' says my father, 'they're to cute to be put off that-a- way,'says he. Go, Shamus,' says he to me, ' and see who's in it.' ' How can I see who's in it in the dark?' says I. 'Well,' says he, ' light the candle thin, and see who's in it, but don't open the door for your life, barrin' they break it in,' says he, ' expectin' to the sojers, and spake thim fair, if it's thim.' So with that I wint to the door, and there was another knock knock. ' Who's there ?' says I. ' It's me,' says he. * Who are you? ' says I. ' A frind,' says he. ' Baithershin,' says I, ' who are you at all ? ' ' Arrah ! don't you know me ? ' says he. ' Divil a taste,' says I. ' Sure I'm Paddy the Piper,' says he. ' Oh, thunder and turf,' says I, ' is it you, Paddy, that's in it ? ' ' Sorra one else,' says he. ' And what brought you at this hour?' says I.. 'By gar,' says he, I ' didn't like goin' the roun' by the road,' says he, ' and so I kem the short cut, and that's what delayed me,' says he. ' Oh, bloody wars ! says I—' Paddy, I wouldn't be in your shoes for the king's ransom,' says I ; ' for you know yourself it's a hanging matther to be cotched out these times,' says I. 'Sure I know that,' says he, ' God help me ; and that's what I kem to you for,' says he ; ' and let me in for old acquaintance sake,' says poor Paddy. ' Oh, by this and that,' says I, ' I darn't open the door for the wide world ; and sure you know it ; and troth if the Husshians or the Yeo's ketches you,' says I—' they'll murther you, as sure as your name's Paddy.' ' Many thanks to you,' says he, ' for your good intintions ; but, plaze the pigs, I hope it's not the likes o' that is in store for me, any how.' ' Faix then,' says I, " you had betther lose no time in hidin' yourself,' says I ; 'for throth I tell you, it's a short thrial and a long rope the Husshians would be afther givin' you —for they've no justice, and less marcy, the villins !' ' Faith thin, more's the raison you should let me in, Shamus,' says poor Paddy. ' It's a folly to talk,' says I, ' I darn't open the door.' ' Oh, then, millia murther ! ' says Paddy, ' what'll become of me at all, at all,' says he. ' Go aff into the shed,' says I, ' behind the house, where the cow is, and there there's an. illigant lock o' straw, that you may go sleep in,' says I, ' and a fine bed it id be for a lord, let alone a piper.' So off Paddy set to hide in the shed, aad throth it wint to our hearts to refuce him, and turn him away from the door, more, by token, when the pratees was ready—for sure the bit and the sup is always welkim to the poor thraveller. Well, we all wint to bed, and Paddy hid himself in the cow-house ; and now I must tell you how it was with Paddy : —You see, afther sleeping for some time, Paddy Wakened up, thinkin' it was mornin', but it wasn't mornin' at all, but only the light o' the moon that deceaved him ; but at all evints, he wanted to be stirring airly, bekase he was goin' off to the town hard by, it bein' fair-day, to pick up a few ha'pence with his pipee—for the divil a betther piper was in all the country round, nor Paddy ; and every one gave it up to Paddy, that he was illigent on the Pipes, and played ' Jinny bang'd the Weaver,' beyant tellym', and the ' Hare in the Corn,' that you'd think the very dogs was in it, and the horsemen ridin' like mad. Well, as I was sayin', he set off to go to the fair, and lie wint meandheriu' along through the fields, but he didn't go far, antil climb in' up through a hedge, when he was comin' out at t'other side, his head kem plump agin somethin' that made the fire flash out iv his eyes. So with that he looks up—and what do you think it was, Lord be marciful unto uz, but a corpse liangin' ont of a branch of a three. ' Oh, the top of the mornin' to you, sir,' says Paddy, ' and is that the way with you, my poor fellow ? throth you took a start out o' me,' says poor Paddy ; and 'twas thrue for him, for it would make the heart of a stouter man nor Paddy jump, to see the like, and to think of a Christhan crather being hanged up, all as one as a dog. Now 'twas the rebels that hanged this chap—bekase, you see, the corps had got clothes an him, and that's the raison that one might know it was the rebels—by rayson that the Husshians and the Orangemen never hanged anybody wid good clothes an him, but only the poor and definceless crathurs, like uz ; so, as I said before, Paddy knew well it was the boys that done it ; ' and,' says Paddy, eyein' the corps, ' by my soul, thin, but you have a beautiful pair of boots an you,' says he, ' and its what I'm thinkin' you won't have any great use for thim no more ; and sure it's a shame to see the likes o' me,' says he, ' the best piper in the sivin counties, to be trampin' wid a pair of old brogues not worth three traneens, and a corps wid such an illigant pair o' boots, that wants some one to wear thim.' So, with that, Paddy lays hould of him by the boots, and began a pullin' at thim, but they wor mighty stiff ; and whether it was by rayson of their being so tight, or the branch of the three a-jiggin'up and down, air as one as a weighdee buckettee, and not lettin' Paddy cotch any right hoult o' thim he could get no advantage o' thim at all—and at last he giv it up, and was goin' away, whin looking behind him agin the sight of the illigant fine boots was too much for him 'and he turned back, determined to have the boots, anyhow by fair means or foul ; and I'm loath to tell you now how he got thim— for indeed it was a dirty turn, and throth it was the only dirty turn I ever knew Paddy to lie guilty av ; and you see it was this- a-way : 'pon my sowl, he pulled out a big knife, and by the same token, it was a knife with a fine buck-handle, and a murtherin' big blade, tkat an uncle o' mine, that was a gardener at the lord's, made Paddy a prisint av ; and more by token, it was not the first mischief that knife done, for it cut love between thim, that was the best of friends before ; and sure 'twas the wolidher of every one, that two knowledgable men, that ought to know betther, would do the likes, and give and take sharp steel in friendship; but I'm forgettin'— well, lie outs with his knife, and what does he do, but he cut off the legs av the corps ; * and,' says lie, ' I can take aff the boots at my convaynience ; ' aud throth it was, as I said before, a dirty turn. Well, sir, he tuck'd up the legs undher his arm, and at that minit the moon peeped out from be hind a cloud— ' Oh ! is it there you are ?' says he to the moon, for he was an impident chap—and thin, seein' that he made a mistake, and that the moonlilit deceaved him, and that it wasn't the airly dawn, as he conceaved; and bein' friken'd for fear himself might be cotched and trated like the poor corps he was afther malthreating, if he was found walking the counthry at that time—by gar, he turned about, and walked back agin to the cow-house, and, hidin' the corps's legs in the sthraw, Paddy wint to sleep agin. But what do you think ? the divil a long Paddy was there antil the sojers kem in airnest, and, by the powers, they carried off Paddy—and 'faith it was only sarvin' him right for what he done to the poor corps. Well, whin the morning kém, my father says to me, 'Go, Shamus,' says he, 'to the shed, and bid poor Paddy come in, and take share o' the pratees, for I go bail he's ready for his breakfast by this, anyhow.' Well out I wint to the cow-house, and called out ' Paddy ! and afther callin' three or four times, and gettin' no answer, I wint in, and called agin, and divil an answer I got still. ' Blood'-an-agers ! ' says I, 'Paddy, where are you, at all, at all ? ' and so castin' my eyes about the shed, I seen two feet sticking out from undher the hape o'sthraw —'Musha! thin,' says I, 'bad luck to you, Paddy, but you're fond of a warm corner, and maybe you haven't made yourself as snug as a flay in a blanket ? but I'll disturb your dhrames, I'm thinkin', says I, and with that I laid hould of his heels (as I thought, God help me), and givin' a good pull to waken him, as I inÙndid, away I wint, head over heels, and my brains was a'most knocked out agin the the wall. Well, whin I recovered myself, there I was, an the broad o' my back, and two things stickin' out o' my hands, like 'a pair o' Husshian's horse- pistils—and I thought the sight 'id lave my eyes, whin I seen they were two mortial legs. My jew'l, I threw them down like a hot pratoe, and jumpin' up, I roared out . millia miuther. Oh, you murtherin' villin,'says I, shaking my fist at the cow—'Oh, you unnath'ral baste,' says I, ' you've ate poor Paddv, you theivin' cannable, you're worse than a neyger,' says, I ; ' and bad luck to you, how dainty you are, that nothin' 'id serve you for your supper but the best piper in Ireland ? Weirasthru .' weirasthru ! What'll the whole counthry say to such an unnath'ral murther ? and you, lookin' as innocent there as a lamb, and eating your hay, as quiet as if nothin' happened.'—With that, I ran out, for throth I didn't like to be near her ; and goin' in to the house, I tould them all about it. ' Arrah ! be aisy,' says my father. ' Bad luck to the lie I tell you,' says I. ' Is it ate, Paddy ? ' says they. * Divil a doubt of it,' says I. ' Are you sure, Shamus ?' says my mother. ' I wish I was as sure of a new pair o' brogues,' says I. ' Bad luck to the bit she has left iv him, but his ; two legs.' ' And do you tell me she ate the pipes too ? ' eays my father. ' By gor, I b'lieve so,' says I. ' Oh, the divil fly away wid her,' says he, ' what a cruel taste she has for music ! ' ' Arrah ! ' says my mother, ' don't be cursing the cow that gives the milk to the childher.' ' Yis, I will,' says my father ; ' why shouldn't I curse such an unnath'ral baste?'' ' You oughtn't to curse any livin' that's undher your roof,' says my mother. ' By my sowl thin,' says my father, ' she shan't be undher my roof any more ; for I'll sind her to the fair this minit,:says he, ' and sell her for whatever she'll bring. Go aff,' says _ he, ' Shamus, the minit you've ate your breakfast, and dhrive her to the fair.' 'Throth, I don't like to dhrive her,' says I. 'Arrah, don't be makin' a gommagh of yourself,' says lie. Faith, I don't, says I. ' Well, like or no like, ' says he, ' you must dhrive her,' ' Sure, father,' says I, ' you could take more care of her yourself.' ' That's mighty good,' says he, ' to keep a dog and barke myself.;' and faith I rec'llected the sayin' from that very hour—' let me have no more words about it,'says he,' 1 but be aff wid you.' ,-So aff I wint, and it's no lie I'm tellin', whin I "say it was sore agin my will I had anything to do with sitch a villian of a baste. But, howsomever, I cut a brave long wattle, that I might dhrive the man-ather iv â thief, as she was, without bein' near her at all, at all. Well, away we wint along the road, and mighty throng it wuz wid the boys and the girls, and, in short, all sorts, rich and poor, high and low, crowdin' to the fair. ' God save you,' says one to me. ' God save you, kindly,' says I. ' That's a fine baste you're dhrivin',' says he. ' Throth, she is,' says I ; though God knows it wint agin' my heart to say a good werd for the likes of her. ' It's to the fair you're goin', I suppose,' says he, ' with the baste ? ' (He was a snug-lookin' farmer, ridin' a purty little gray hack.) ' Faith, thin, you're right enough,' says I, ' it is to the fair I'm goin'.' ' What do you expec' for her,' says he. ' Faith, thin, myself don't know,' bekase I was bewildered like, about the baste, intirely. ' That's a quare way to be goin' to market,'says he, ' and not to know what you expec' for your baste. ' Och, says I—not likin' to let him suspict there was anything wrong wid her—' Och, says I, in a careless sort of a way, ' sure no one can tell what a baste 'll bring, antil they come to the fair,' says I, ' and see what price is goin'.' Indeed, .that's nath'ral enough,' says he ' But if you wor bid a Fair price before you come to the fair, sure you might as well take it,' says he. ' Oh, I've no objection in life,' says I. ' Well thin, what will you ax for her ? ' says he. ' Why thin I wouldn't like to be onraysonable,' says I—(for the truth was, you know, I wanted to get rid iv her)—' and so I'll take four pounds for her,' says I, ' and no less.' ' No less ! ' says he. ' Why sure, that's chape enough,' says i. 'Throth it is,' says he; 'for if there wasn't somethm' the matther, it's not for that you'd be wiling the fine milch cow, as she is, to all appearance ?' ' Indeed, thin,' says I, ' upon my conscience she is a fine milch cow.' 'Maybe,' says he, ' she's gone off her milk, in regard that she doesn't feed well ? ' ' Och, by this and that,' says I, ' in regard of feedin' there's not the likes of her in Ireland ; so make your mind aisy, and if you like her for the money, you may have her.' ' Why, indeed, I'm not in a hurry,' says he, ' and I'll wait till I see how they go in the fair.' ' With all my heart,' says I, purtendin' to be in no ways consarned, but in throth I began to be afeared that the people was seein' sometliin' unnath'ral about her, and that we'd never get rid of her at all, at all. At last, we kem to the fair, and a great sight o' people was in it—throth you'd think the whole world was there, let alone the standin's o' gingerbread and illigint ribbins, and makin's o' beautiful gownns, and pitch- and-toss, and merry-go-roun's, and tints with the best av drink in thim, and the fiddles playin' up t' incourage the boys and girls ; but I never minded them at all, but detarmint to sell the thievin' rogue of a cow, afore I'd mind any divarshin in life, so an I dhriv her into the thick av the fair, whin all of a suddint., as I kem to the door av a tint, up sthruck the pipes to the tune av ' Tattlierin' Jack Welsh,' and my jew'l, in a minit, the cow cock' her ears, and was makin' a dart at the tint. ' Oh, murther ! ' Bays I, to the boys standin' by, ' hould her,' says I, ' hould her—she ate one piper already, the vagabone, and, bad luck to her, she wants another now.' ' Is it a cow for to ate a piper ? ' says one o' thim. ' Divil a word o' lie in it, for I seen his corps myself, and nothin' left but the two legs,' says I ; ' and its a folly to be sthrivin' to hide it, for I see she'll never lave it aff—as poor Paddy Grogan knows to his cost, Lord be marciful to him.' ' Who's that takin' my name in vain ? ' says a voice in the crowd ; and with that, shovin' the throng a one side, who the divil should I see but Paddy Grogan, to all appearance. ' Oh, hould him too,' says I ; ' keep him av me, for it's not himself at all, at all, but his ghost,' says I ; ' for he was kilt last night, to my sartin knowledge, every inch av him, all to his legs. Well, sir, with that Paddy-—for it was Paddy himself, as it kem out afther—fell a laughin', and that you'd think his sides 'ud split ; and whin he kem to himself, he ups and he tould uz how it was, as I towld you already ; and the likes av the fun they made av me, was beyant tellin', for wrongfully misdoubtin' the poor cow, and layin' the blame of atin' a piper an her. So we all wint into the tint to have it explained, and by gor it took a full gallon o' sper'ts t' explain it ; and we dhrank health and long life to Paddy and the cow, and Paddy played that day beyant all tellin', and mony a one said the likes was never heerd before or sence, even from Paddy himself—and av coorse the poor slandered cow was dhruv home agin, and many a quiet day she had wid uz afther that ; and whin she died, throth my father had sich a regard for the poor thing, that he had her skinned, and an iligant pair of breeches made out av her hide, and it's in the fam'ly to this day ; and isn't it mighty remarkable it is, what I'm goin' to tell you now, but it's as thrue as I'm here, that from that out, any one that has thim breeches an, the minit a pair o' pipes sthrikes up, they can't rest, but goes jiggin' and jiggin' in their sate, and never stops as long as the pipes is playin'—and there, there is the very breeches that's an me now, and a fine pair they are this minit. 