:Maria's Novel. I am: afrai i that I have neglected 4to jin form you of an important matter in; ,our domestic life, which-but, come to think? how could I tell you, as ithwas only last week I found it out myself. Maria has written a book I For'months past, in' eed ever since last Christmas, she has, at some' period of the day,' alisented herself in a mysterious manner' and shut herself up in her, little sanctum, and I rarely enquired what it means. Certainly ,Julia, my eldest :born, did throw.out a hint one. day ; but I was slow to take it, fir the idea seemed to me too ridiculous. Yet, on looking back, I can s-e what a stupid I must bave been not to have found: it out. Maria has, at various odd moments and in a vague way, evinced a scribbling in clination. I remember well, when Ouida and Miss Braddon. have be -n on the tapis,. Maria; has before now clserd her eyes and murmured, " Obelieve if I were to' give myself time to think, I could write a work of surpasaing interest." And now she has done it.. But the funniest thing of all was the way I found it out., Maria never'told me. She kept it a pro. found' secret ; but she wrote to some publish ing people, and they agreed to bring o.ut the book it all their expenses were. guaran teed; and they were given, a. preliminary fee of five guineas for reading the " copy." How Maria scraped that five guineas to .gether I shall never know. \- She -mu- ilia ostinted herself bof-ribbons,= or'bonnets or something (I've noticed: that she's been rather dowdyfied all this year). but she managed to make uip the sum, which it appears was. duly forwarded: to the literary undertakers,' and richly they'deserv. ed the fee if they. ever read through. the MS. 'Then came their letter to Maria, asking her for further money to pay for the publica. tibn ; whereupon. it appears that.Maria, still full of enthusiasm, wrote to a well-to do cousin, asking her to lend the necessary sum of £50, until the sale of the book re alised that amount, when it would be faith fully repaid. Toat cousin happened, by a lucky chance, to be touring in Tasmania, and precious glad I am that she was. Anyhow, Maria called on the publishers, and explained that imme diately on her cousin's return the cash would be forthcoming. The following morning the post brought me a remarkable missive from a. man I l'al once befriended in days gone by. "Dear Sir, "You may have forgotten my name. I was formerly in the employ, of the firm of Sniggleton, Tea'rm &' Co., solicitors, 'and you were very good to me on one occasion. I wish to repay that kindness nbow, and am in a position to do so.. Wire me on receipt, and say where I can see you early to-mor row. Y''Yours faithfully, "CHARLES. L. BUCKSKIN." I remembered the man perfectly, and wired him to meet me at 11 a.nm., outside the Post Office, which he did. "You must have felt 'astonished at hear ing from me," he began, ". but: it wts&'im perative that I should write you after what happened yesterday. You are married, I be lieve 7" " Very much so." " A stout matronly lady, of somewhat commanding presence, and a tone of decis ion in her voice 7" " A faithful portrait; But why this ques tion ?" " She has written a book, Ibeleive ?" " She's done what ?" I grasped. "Written a bcok." " Certainly not to my knowledge. Maria write a book'! It'l. preoosterous." " Excuse me, sir. You'know your wife's writing, I suppose 7 Look at this." : And standing out of the' way of the crowd; be undid a brown paper parcel, and ther", sure enough, was a bulky MS,. of some 600 pages, in Maria's dumpy handwriting. ''"Bless my soul," I ejaculated. "What's the title ; and what's it all about; and how the deuce is it in your possession 7" "Heartachles: or the Troublces of Matri. mony, is the title. It is a narration of a woman, whose husband is a busy man, and who does not understand his partner; and you'll excuse me, sir, but if you let the firm publish it, you, yourself, have the finest action for libel against these publishers that the heart of man could wish for." Once more, how do you come by it ?7" "I am reading MS. for this firm. They pay me, but not much, to wade through MS." "You will give me that manuscript fdr this evening only ? To-morrbw you can have it back,!' "I should lose-my work and render my self liable to prosecution." " I'll shield you against all that. Meet me here some time to-morrow, and you' shall have the precious effusion again." . That night,' having employed the home ward journey in glancing, through the MS., and jotting down a few striking' pas sages, I strode into the house. It was one evening last week, and I think that Maria will find the date inscribed, Calais-like, upon her heart, when she struggles into the realms of-the Ewigkeit. " You're late, Tom," she began. "Dinner has been ready this last quarter of an hour.' "I'm very sorry, Maria; but it's of no use explaining why I am late," I said, "for," I cintinued, reading from a paper in my band -"'no husband, when he ..is habitually behind time, can be expected to tell the truth to his wife ! Saying which, with lofty disdain, Lady Vandeleur swept: majestically into the drawingroom.''" Mar a turned as red as a peony; then went whiter than a ghost. I had quoted from her booK. 'Thin it's published already?'" she shrieked. ' Oh, how good of them; and it's created a sensation, too, dr you-oh, Tom, do say that you've brought 'a copy home." ' What in ithe, name of fortune rdo you mean, Maria ?" said I. Then calmly reading from the same scrap of paper in my hand, I went on-"' There are 'some. women of -my acquan' ance who always adopta mysterious vagueness in their methods of .xpresesiou, and these, I have invariab'y foun ', are the women most to be feare d,'" "Tom," iaid she, holding on to the table in such distress that I felt shewas: 'ribut to faint, "yoo know you are reading from my book." _" Maria," said I, ' th's: is the first. pare,' unadulterated piece of idiocy you've com mitted since our marriage. So you're not understood, eb? ?H?artac~hes! .Ha, ha ! Oh, it'll be the death of me." Then I told her everything, and she sat quite still and listened to it, 'interrupting only by an occasional sob. " If you want to'turn authoress, my dear," said I, at length, "don't start by introducing your husband) into your first novel as the biggest villain the sun ever shone on; and so thinly veneered that all his friends can see through the disgtiise. Yodu mustn make a villain fat and podgy-that's always again, the hero, I----. "Tom," cried my wife, falling on her knees and begging me to cease--! Tom, I've been a fool; forgive me." 1" Darling," said I, taking her to my arms, "I forgive you freely, but you must give me permission to narrate the entire episode in next week's Moonshi.e," "9h, Tom, what for 1" "ks an awful example to other wives who maybe smittenby the 'scribbling mania. I : don'i mind your .caricaturing me; I don't mine .your filling-reams of paver 'with rubbsh--that's. good exercise and' does no. hard; but I do object to your running' into deb;to publish a book which may be printed,-; but .hieh'your friend, thieipublisher; knows he wll not sell a single copy to man, woman or etild in the whole colonies." 