Tho Son of Man at His "Work. j Br THE KEV. JOHN M'NEILL. I (CONCLUDED FROM LAST WKEK.) I Another thing was-a publican, chief, rich, when he put all these internal considerations be neath him and came oiit-when he comes out there is a great surging crowd, and ho an under sized man. Oh, does not it look, if you just got beyond tho letter and close into the spirit-don't you hear almost tho slamming of a door in tho poor sinner's faco P Ho goes out-forgets what he is- oh, blessed forgetfulness !-and when he comes at tho groat crowd of peoplo, " ho could not for tho crowd, because ho was little of stature." I almost know that was coming. Oh, doloful word ! oh, dismal word ! liko tho dismal clanging of a funeral knell. "Ho could not." You re member whon that timo carno to you, my saved brother, tho day whon that knoll rang in your ears, tho death-knoll of all your hopos, and your own power, and your own activity to savo your self. "Ho could not;" and yet, wonder of wonders, tho narrative does not stop. Wo do not shut our book and go homo. The river does not lose itself on tho sand. Great God of wonders, still tho talo goes on ! After that dismal word "ho could not/' God could. Again I come back to ring out this-tho Son of Man is hero, living and moving, and working and guiding all things, and Ho can overmaster your last inability. " Ho could not/' and yet it goes on, and ho could. This religion of ours is made up of paradoxes, and poor wee folks who must chop logic, and " two and two aro four" and " four is mado up of two and two," and " wo appeal to facts" and so on, thoy get thoso paradoxes, and, as they say, those il logical things, and they think they have torn experimental religion to pioce3. "He could not," yet he could and he did, for salvation is not simply what it seems to be on the surface A man wanting to see Jesus ? It is Jesus wanting to see the man, and that is not the same thing, no, not by a long lump. It is very difforent. Very well, how goes it ? " Ho could not for the press." Is not that tho difficulty to-day ? I see him there out on tho street, out on tho edgo of the stream, and if ho had been a great stalwart follow, a porridge-fed Scotchman liko some of us, Bevon feet by four, ho might havo dashed himself against tho crowd, and by sheer might and main cleft a way for himself unto Him who was tho liv ing, palpitating heart of tho crowd. " But he could not, for ho was little of stature," and in all that crowd there was not a friend among thom, and if Zacchous had used his littlo height and weight to push they would have been glad to havo gripped him and hustled him in tho mud. That is why ho ran into tho tree. The same difficulty is still. When mon and women get wakened up-and they do got wakened up, I cannot tell you how, unless this bo the explanation, that tho Son of God is here, and just because He ia here the whole moral universe is palpitating and trembling under His foot, do you not see, and sinners aro coming out of their holes, drawn I cannot tell how, but they are coming. Now, as sure as Christ is here, and here to seek and save sinners, so surely Zacchous will be coming out on the roadside. And then the difficulty occurs. There is A GREAT CROWD OF PEOPLE to-day just as then. And Christ-He is popular to-day, in South. London to- night, is Ho not? There is a great crowd of people, and here is just how it works. There aro you, father of a family, a decent, religious man ; your son has boen kicking over the traces, but of lato, I cannot tell how, ho has got sick of his sin. Blessed be God for that time when a man's courage bogins to rise at his lusts ! He is getting sick of his sin. And often when that revolt comes, a man swings off to the opposite pole. He wants to be now a new crea ture ; ho wants Jesus, who He is, but ho cannot, for you stumble him-a man like you. You stumble him in this way ; he knows that you are being contented with far less than will ever con tent him. He wants to seo Jesus-God speed him! You are content with being in the crowd, and you stumble him. You ought to do, if you are right, what somebody in that crowd ought to have dono to Zacchams. There ought to have been somebody there looking for him, and when they saw him they ought to have run out and taken the little fragment by the hand, and said, " O Zacchaeus, we want you to seo tho Master. Come away, I will introduce you. I know Him ; and do you know, Zacchrous, there never was such a man. He is unlike all the other religious big-wigs ; there never was a man more easily come at than this last Man who has appeared, ,The very children climb upon Him to got His kiss, and He does not drive them away. Did you ever hear of a rabbi to whom they did that ? Come, and I'll introduce you to Him." Not a soul was there to do that. Tho narrative implies that. There they were, look-an impenetrable, gazing, gaping, surging crowd, who are content to be there to-day, and to shout " Crucify Him ! Away with Him" to-morrow. . And yet he Baw Him. Now, what I have got to say to professing Christians is quite obvious. My dear friends, QUIT YOUR MERE PROFESSION, be more than simply in the crowd, for as sure as you are only a nominal religionist you are keep ing-back the lepers in the slums from coming to see Christ. ' It is becausé you are occupying 'this tabernacle with yow dry. wizened, frozen for I malist soul, that you are keeping out the drunk ! ard and the harlot and the thief, who would like to rise from hell and fly to heaven. They cannot I get in, and they aro hurrying away from the place where Jesus is to pass because there is a crowd who do not want Him. I am Börry to say it-I am sorrier still thero is far too much truth in it. Christ loved Zacchous. The crowd ia not all a sham. Church-going is not merely a Sunday paraoe. Tho heart of tho crowd is all right, for tho hoart of it is still tho blessed Son of God and His apostles with Him. Oh, yos, it is not all a sham, it is not all a show. Tho Church is right at tho heart, and what wo want is that the heart should pour its tides to tho outer circumference, and make all between as quick with sympathy and saving holp as tho hoart of the Master, the blessgd Lord. Well, still the story goes on : " He could not for tho crowd for ho was little of stature." I must have a word on thai; pardon mo for being somewhat particular, but really this is photographic, and -wo must note it. " Oh, preacher," you say, " what are you goingto make out of that?" Was not this littleness of stature tho last form which his difficulty, his inability, took, and was not it tho worst? "Which of you by taking thought can add ono cubit to his stature ?" And that was all ho needed, just another eighteen inches, and he would haye been independent of tho crowd ; but whore wore they to como from ? What am I at now ? I'll tell you what I am at. I am at tho hereditary difficulties that aro keeping you from being holy. " The fathers have eaten sour grapos ; thorefore tho children's teeth aro set on odgo." " It is hard for mo to riso up and como to Christ, for I como of a sickly stock ; I am too short by nature to look lovel into tho oyos of tho Son of God." There is herodity hero. This littleness of stature was characteristic of that poor soul ; it was in him, it was in his father and mother before him, working through ancostry and heredity right away back, this littleness, and how is that to bo got rid of? How is it to bo got rid of ? "LITTLE OF STATURE;" as wo say in Scotland, ho was a " woe," he was alwayB little. Ho was a little baby; see him when he was born, tho gossips came in, and his mother, or tho good woman, held him out, and said, " Soo that, just look at tho size of him and he was a little lad, and ho was a little man. I must got paradoxical ; it grow with his growth, or didn't grow ; it lengthoned with his length, or didn't longthon, whichevor you liko; it was there; it was Zacchams, whenever you thought of him and spoko about him, " tho woo man." So with you, so with me. I know what it was in tho ca3e of Zacchams. I do not know what tho last form of hindranco is in you ; 'but you know you could stand up and tell this audionoe in a sentence, with firstly, and lastly, and alLtho timo, just what, when you would como at tho reality of religion, keeps you whero you aro. Some thing that bolongs to blood, and birth, and breeding; and you can no more got rid of it than you can chango the cast of your countenance, or tho color of your hair, or tho height of your framo ; hold in by thoso outward environments of an unfavorable kind, and fairly crushed, crushed, crushed flat by these external and inherited ob stacles, and yet-Hallelujah ! what a Saviour ! Zacchams was savod, business notwithstanding, heredity notwithstanding, crowd notwithstand ing ; saved, to tho glory of saving power ! My brother, my sister-especially, I will bo plain especially some young man, or old man, or woman hero who, while I am speak ing, aro going back upon these things, and you aro saying " That is it, my father was so-and-so, therefore it is hopeless for me. I am committed to lust, and debauchery, and unclean ness; it runs in my blood." Don't say that. Almighty grace can break that chain ; if it could not, thorè would bo no salvation for any of us, none. Heredity can bo snapped, as Samson snapped tho green withes with which they sought to bind him. That is hone for some, for vou who had a drunken mother, for you born in sin, soaked in iniquity from tho protoplasm onward, even you may be saved, for " the Son of Man came to seek and to savo tho lost," and more, more than lost you cannot bo, and less than that God's Word takes no account of. No. If you aro not a lost sinner, I am really sorry that you are wasting your time. Tho Bible hadn't you in ita regard. It is a withering thing to say, but it is there. " So ho ran before, and climbed up into a syca more tree." Lot mo bo brief. I wish I could be i¿uicker because this thing is to do. "He ran." My dear friends, it comes to this. He was little, but don't you see what I am going to say next ? Little and all as he was, ho was good pluck. I . am not speaking, I know, in a very scriptural way HE WAS GOOD GRIT. What did these difficulties do for him ? It ia evident what they did for him. I see the little man there ; and now that he has come he says, " Do or die : I am not going to bo beaten. I will not go in till I see that great Prophet. I have heard of Him, and they do say He is considerably down upon peoplo I don't think much of ; they do say that He says to these scribes and Pharisees some things they would not tako from mo. I do not boliovo a bit in them, and it seems He ia pretty rough on them, and I want to set my eyes upon Him, and I won't go in." And the difficulty roused him. "How am I to be saved ? By Bitting like a baby at the foot of a mountain ; sitting down in front of my difficulties. Oh, all heaven may be there, but it is not for me." Well, it won't bo for you if you do that, if you give in to the difficulties, for difficulties are ever calling out tho manhood in us. " Who art thou, O great mountain ? Before Zerubbabel"-before a God-determined man-" thou shalt become a plain." " He ran and climbed." I can hear the scamper of his feet along the roadside yet. If you have Christ to run behind, it is not a bad lead, and it will be your salvation even if you make A GOOD SECOND. Young fellow, up and at it! You say, "Ob., what would people say if it geta abroad that I am seeking for salvation ?" They will very likely be calling out it was high time-your best {rienda. And aa to those who sneer and scoff, let them laugh that win. They may laugh you into hell, but they will never laugh you out of it. Bise and run ! Thia prize is worth tho running for, and it ia a real prize-the favor, and the friendship, and the hand-to- hand and heart-to heart grip, and fellowship with Christ of God from now till the eternal morning. That is the prize. Bun for it, it is worth the running. Let all the world stand in your way, and scoff, and jeer. Put your fingers in your ears and run, crying, " Life ! life ! Eternal^life ! I mean to have it I" And there is a chance, for the Son of God is within reach. " He climbed into a sycamore tree, for Ho was to pass that way." Now wo have him. Don't Îou soe, when you got determined and anxious, nd in what I may call dead eamost, how you turn the cornor in a minute, and get over what seemed to bo insuperable obstacles. It may bo his cheeks grew rod at thoir jeers. Novormind tho blushes. God speed you. Ho got into tho tree. A little man, plus tho trunk of a troe, is tho biggest man thoro. It is far oasior than you think just to talco tho right way. For any sake don't sit down. Ton will do for tho world by being soft and yiolding, and "hail, follow! well mot," and a nose of- wax in tho hands of Tom, Dick, and Harry. Take your religious views from tho sect you aro in, from anybody and everybody, and you will bo flung away like a sucked orango in tho end. Mako no mistako about it. But you will not do for tho Son of God till you show somo moro manly, womanly deter^ mination. "What koopa back somo of you from being Christians ? I'll tell you what. It is WANT OF PLUCK that keeps you tho bond-slave of tho flesh and the world that you are. It is not because thoro are intellectual difficulties in the way ; it is bo cause you aro getting weak, and soft, and flaccid, and the moral nerve in you is getting rotted out of you. In God's name, up and at it ! Run and climb ! It ia worth it. Now we have got him in tho tree. He waa to pass that way. This little fellow set his mother wit to work, and ho Baw that that swing ing crowd was coming, so he ran, " for Ho was to pass that way;" and I BOO him spring into the troe. He is taking a big breath and settling himself after his exertions, and ho look3 at tho crowd to soo which is tho Man of mon. I am afraid at first he would think Simon Peter was the Man. I think Simon was rather bulkier than his Master. Somo of us aro that yet. Then ho would say : "No; he is an amazing fellow; but I do not think that is tho Man." Then ho would get his oyes on Him. Oh, that moment !-that moment when Zacchous set his own eyes on that Paco that angels died to look upon-the face of the incarnate Son of God travelling in tho great . ness of His saving strength ! You remember that moment. Wo shall never forgot it from eternity and to eternity, tho moment when down hero, in tho dimnoss and darkness of timo, not withstanding all our difficulties, our oyos did seo the Saviour, and there comes to us that indescrib able thrill that comes when two lovers, for tho first time, as Shakespeare says, " chango oyes." ] " She passes into him with a look, and he passes into hor, and from that moment and for ever thoy are one." Zacchaius got that sight somo where. That is salvation just to seo Him- to seo Him who is. You will never forget Him. I can fasten my eyes upon somo man down there now, and he can fasten his eyes upon mo, and, though we can not get into hand-grips, you know perfectly well I am looking straight into your eyes, and you are looking straight into mine. I am not looking straight past you, and you are not looking straight past me; but right into each other's eyes. That came then-that ia, salvation. I re member tho day it came with me. I do not want to talk about myself. I have a dislike to dis closing these most sacred secrets of ono's spiritual history ; but in a night like this, so laden with issues for all eternity, you will pardon mo if I should, a little, wear my heart on my sleeve, and run tho risk of having daws to peck at it. Ho ?aw Him. In the tree whore waa he ? Ho was just where you are to-night. The sycamore tree, whatever it was or whatever it was not, it was A SPLENDID PLACE FOR SEEING JESUS. And is not that what the Church of God is on the roadsides of this world, and planted there by Divine forethought, for all men that climb into . the branches, or shall I say benches-it is just an altered form of branch-into the benches of it, poor sinners might climb to see Jesus, for they do expect Ho is to pass that way. That is what the church is for. Of course the church has great abuses, it needs to bo reformed, but I do not want any Plymouth brother-and I do not despise you, but just this, I do not want any Plymouth brother to come with his axe and reform it altogether. Oh, woodman, Bpare the tree, ' Touch not a Bingle bough j In youth it sheltered me, And I'll protect it now. Let-her stand. With all her faults she ia a Divine -institution, as I said before, planted on the roadsides of tho world, that into her branches poor ßinnors may climb to seo Jesus, for Ho is to pass that way. I sometimes put it this way : In the day when my McCrie-Roxburgh Church alas ! alas ! I have lost it-in the day. when Regent-square-that is tho word-in the day when Regent- square ceases to bo a sycamore tree into the branches of which poor London sinners, soaked with sin, reeking with damnation, into the branches of which they shall climb to see Jesus, if they expect that He" is to pasa that way-in the day when my church in Regent-square ceaBes vir tually to be a sycamore tree, in that day may God destroy it or take me out of it. So I say for all churches,?'this one not excluded. -And Jesus came, He looked up, and He saw lum. " Make haste and come down, for to-day I must abide at thy house. And he made haste to come down, and received Him joyfully." There I must close. ? THEY CAME TOGETHER THERE. - \- AU. have come ito the church, which is a good toing; come to Christ in the church, whioh is far better. Ton have come here ; come closer, oom© down, come down quickly. Some of you are in a mere condition of spectatorhood. You came into the Tabernacle. Why are you here to-night P You are just here to see and to be seen, and are contented. That is the be-all and end-all of your sermon-hearing. You come and you see, like Zacchcpis, but, unlike Zacchous you do not come into living grip with the Son of God. Tt is a good thing to come to the church ; it is a better thing -it is the indispensable-that some day, some hour, some, moment, you should come to Christ, j in the church, or in some equally high and favored spot. And so, to make a long story short, they went homo, they spent the night together, THEY ARE TOGETHER YET. That is salvation. That stay does not stop with tho ton verses, man ; that was only tho begin ning. They aro together yet. We shall seo Zacchous, and wo shall not know him by his little ness of stature ; ho will bo grown a bit by that timo. We shall seo them together yet. That is salvation. What is it ? It is this : Jesus Christ brings to us Himself in this homely and heavenly fashion. You will bo inclined to say: "Well, but, preacher, you are not saying anything about Zacchous's sin; you are not saying anything about Zacchous's repentance ; you aro not saying anything about all that." No, bocauso thcro is nothing to Bay ; or, rather, because Christ said nothing. Tho way it happened was this 5 Zacchous climbed down quicker than he climbed up, for it is easier-tho law of gravitation is in your favor then ; it works against you whon you are going up. He came down, and went home with Christ; and whon ho got home, and tho supper table was set, Christ did not look across the table and say, " Now, you littlo wretch, I havo you now ;" and Ho did not, metaphorically or actually, grasp him, and, aB wo sometimes say, shako him over the pit. No ; but it had tho samo effect : it shook tho sin out of him, it took tho flamo out of him tho flame of tho pit that was alroady kindled. Hero isl think, how it took placo-reading botweon the lines. They wont homo, and tho supper-table was being sot. Whilo it was doing, vory likely, Jesus asked Zacchous for his wifo, if ho had one, and for his children, if they were there ; and He was so kind, and so simple and homely, and so human, that it broke upon him : " He is divinely human ; Ho is a man whoso fellow never appeared in this cold inhuman world." And whilo thoy were thero, in tho gloaming, in tho darkening, and tho lamp was lit, that wonderful evening, between Zacchous and the Saviour, who said, " I must abido at thy houso," very likely He took tho youngest child upon His knoo-I havo done it in similar circumstances, some what ; I havo dono it ; would tho Master bo less human than I shoidd bo ?-Ho took tho child on His knee, and Ho said to him, "My littlo man, did yoti ovor seo Mo before ?" and Ho maybo put His hand below his chin, and kissed him ; and tho lad looked as if Ho is strangely familiar, for " in heaven their angels do always bohold tho face of My father." And when Zacchous saw THE MATCHLESS KINDNESS and condescension of our God, this burst his wicked heart; Christ killed him with kindness, and ho rosa, and ho confessed his sin-not being asked, or shaken over tho pit, and he said, " Behold, Lord "-he came out to seo a man, he confessed to God, and no man can call Jesus Lord but by the Holy Ghost. That man was re generated in tho spirit of his mind somehow, somewhere, between tho going out and tho coming in. " Lord ;" ho gave Him divino honors. He did. what no flattering, fawning Unitarian can do. He wont tho whole length, he paid Him full Godhead, and confessed his sin before Him. " Tho half of my goods I give to tho poor." Ho does not say that in order to be saved, but bo causo ho is saved. " If I have takon anything from any man by false accusation, I will make it a good ' spec' for any man that I havo robbed, I will restore him fourfold," and tho Lord did not ask that. Then Christ rose : If wo confess our sin-but it needs that-if we confess our sin, Ho is faithful andi just to forgive us our sin : then Christ rose in royal priestly grace and majesty, and pro nounced His absolution-" This day is salvation come to this house." And then Ho dignified and restored him to tho place whence he had fallen : " Ho also is a son of Abraham." May God lift some poor perishing sinner to-day, and in similar fashion sot him among tho seed royal, the children of His grace, and tho shares of His glory. Amen and amen. 