FLEMINGTON AND KENSINGTON-' " COUNCIL. "-'•.', Present—Crs Millar, : (Mayor), 'Barrett, Sutton, Hardiman, Bigby, Blackwell, i Orie, andMelville. * COBBBSPONDBKOE. From Mr Jas. Johnson, calling attention to the faot that a large: flew of drainage was being 'deliberately dlvorted' upon land at the corner of Bruce and Lloyd streets, (lots Nos. 194, 195, 196, Kensington'Park Estate*, and there allowed to stagnate to the great detriment of the : property in queatlon. Counoil Were asked to take such steps as would abate the nnisance. Referred to the Local Board of Health. From the • town olerk, Essendon, replying„ that Council were propared to channel the north , side: of Kent street, and requesting Flemlngton ^Council to furnish an estimate of the cost of metalling the street, from tliB Asoot Vale road to the -Mount Alexander: road, when the same will receive favorable consideration. deferred to the Public Works Com. mittco. From the Becrotary to tho Premier, replying that Mr Gillies would be happy to receive the deputation, n tbe removal of the oattle . yards and abattoirs, ot his oflice, on the 31et July, at 12.30- Referred to the cattle yards committee. From the secretary Viotorian Railways, to reply to Council's letter complaining of -thetstate of. the subway-in n line with Eastwood and Smith streets, stating that •the B.ubway was perfectlyJclean^ and asiit • ;had always been kept'clean, Council : muafc • be -tailoring n'nder some' miatake.in th« 'inattei. i , „ ^ J, 11 - - J-n rjBiieijred^to -thetJPablio WorkB Cpm" -S'From "Mr 7ohn Ghost, Princes street, stating, that during tho past* fortnight •several complaints hadibeeti'inade to kirn ' in- reference to: the drainage from his property-whioh lie was unable to remedy, owing to the .adjoining - rigbt-uf-way not being made. His position WSB not at all pleasant, as several drsmages converged at the place, and as other: ratepoyera were concerned, he hoped something, would be done by Counoil tb improve matters. Referred to the Looal Board of Health; Mr Guest to be informed that Council hove undertaken to make the right-ofway. From Mr Thomas Brown, complaining" that tbe drain in Gloster road had been a great annoyanoe tb residents; It had overflowed six or eight times and BWamped his tenants. If the centre tow of pitohers were lowered, abont :three inches, ,be believed it wonld remedy the evil complained of. It was rather a seriouB matter to Ret up in the morning and find a couple of inches of water on one's verandah, and a mass of filth and eluahjlyipg about one's gate. .'.'," Referred to the Publio Works Committee ; the surveyor to report. From the society of St. Vincent de Paul, soliciting a donation. Since tho opening of the home in October 1887, 13,S00 beds' and breakfasts had been given to deserving and destitute persons Referred to the Finance Committee. From Alex. Braid, North Melbourne, offering to supply Council with an iron street scraper at a cost of £27. The City Council bad three, of the maohineR in use and spoke very highly of them. Referred to the Publio Works Committee; From the Universal Land; Company,. applying for the payment of £91 13s 4a,.. being eleven monthB'rent—at the raiu of £100 per snnnm—on the allotment »C land at the corner of Parsons and Pridhuni Btreets, used by Council for storing strHrt metal. The rent was fixed at Council's valuation, and dated from' 30th June, 1888, on which date the oompapy beo'on e possessed of the land. Referred to. the Public Works Committee. From MrE, G. Fitzjibbon, inviting two representatives from the Looal Board to n ; conference, to be -held. at the. Town Hall; Melbourne,- on - the- Stli inst., re the ' Amended Pnblic Health Bill Beforrea to Council's delegates—tbe Mayor, and ~Gr Barrett t " From'the Chief Storotoij'n cfiico, intl vmoting,thatiOouncil's;resolubonJe1atrve.to' the coiislJtutiDii of tho proposed Metro- ':'. palitan Board of Works, wonld receive : : consideration; Referred .to the Legislative Committee. From the Australian Telegraph Pole Advertising Company, again inviting Council to call at the exohange and inspBot their model. Referred to the Public Works Committee. From Inspector McKenzie, urging Council to make two rights-of- way—one between Macouley road and Barnett street, and the other between Tennyson and Arden streets. Referred to the Looal Board of Health. From Mr E. B. Wight, re poddockon the Foptscray road, asking Council either to build a retaining wall, or so slope off the crotrad as to enable him to erect his boundary fence. b report from the surveyor had bees drown up, showing that some time mnBt elapse before Council undertook the work of improving the approaches .to the : paddock, unless they; were disposed to , overlook works more urgently required. It wss decided thBt the Maynr andfOn Barrett and Hardiman should vkit tho paddock and report to the Publio Works Committee. . BE PORTS OF COMMITTEES. The Publio Works^^ Committee reoommeiided :— 1, Re site of new police station, . Pleminglon—That a letter'be forwarded ' to the'Hon. the Chief Secretary, pointing .. out: the undesirability of having a police ' station established at the corner of Bryant and Wellington streets, and asking him to arge on the Department the selection of a . more suitable site. 2\. Re Flemihgton road bridge—That accqunte, eoch for ose-tbird of the' cost of.; altering; the Flemihgton road : bridge, >be V prepared :and forwoided to the Councilsof the City of Melbourne and the Town of Noith Melbourne for payment. Cr Sutton moved,- as an amendment, that Council take no stepB in tbe matter. The Police^ Department.selected this site after going all : over the district as the most suitable that could bB procurod. fie considered' that instead of depreciating^ rt would, improve adjoining- proporty, as the construction :of .-a. building at;; a cost of :. £2000, could not -fail to be an ornament to . the(diBtrict;.;.ThejiDepartmenthad'con-, sidorel^hetqne*sSon:ijfMhSBitetafter-:.dfief--':'!i deliberation,!.'andi -jtheitChieti-tSecretaiy^ would aphold their decision. ;:? -, ' -: > . .. . CrUrie had mnoh pleasure m supporting tho recommendation of the committee," The Government never consulted Council in regard to the station. It was not usual to placo a police station in the most oonspicnous port of a town, and this wss what the Department - proposed doing. As one of the property owners in the street, he objected to the erection of the police station, , and other property holders had protested againBt the,Bite. . The motion was earned, Or Sutton alone voting against it. . Tho Recreation Reserve.- Committee recommended:— 1\. That a deputation consisting of the Mayor, Cis Mitchell, Barrett, Hardiman and Urie he appointed to wait on the Hon the Minister of Lands and ask for a sum of £500 for improving the- reoreotion reserve. Oorried. •';•..;:'.'•'.''"";,.• ' " V '-'V.-.'-' OBDIKAB.Y BDSISEE9. In regard,to the proposed, orossing:over - the Racecourse road between Pridboin and Wellington streets, Or Hardiman reported that the coat of the work would be £17, and he asked Council whether such in expenditure -.• would be sanctioned; > Or. Sutton moved, Cr. Urie seconded that the work be deemed nrgent and the Chairman of Works empowered to have tt done, the contractor -to . be paid after September; Or Melville pointed :out that there- were '• no funds available for the 'work, Council'^ t bank overdraft being £40 : greater than'al^ the end of -September last year.:.:- BeBde(| ;v there were: orosBings :needed->a|; BellBtr street and other, parts of tho Borough - quite as urgently as at Racscouno road; Cr. Blackwell enumerated- SBveral places whore croBsings were required; Cr. Righy j-.. said he he did not believe m anticipating" next year's revenue, as saggested by Or Urie, The Mayor ruled thi motion ouj of ordt.r, on the ground th.1! th'- mi-iiiimnus pole of Council was required lirforu any nowwoi'V w-tild be' undertaken.* Or,jRigliy moved llmt n lomp bo erected' ID Railwny-plaoe,.opposite the signal-box, a spot wlu>re- several acoldenls had taken place; owing to - thB absenoe of a lamp. \- The matter waa referred to the Lighting Oonimitteb: , Or. Hardiman obtained permission to nbitt several lampposts whioh had been erected .in the centre of the foot paths. On-theinption of Cr. Snttob,.the Chairman of Works was authorised to improve the crossings over the Wellington-street path opposite some, new .buildings, and to direct two or three loads of metal to be placed in front of Mr. Milne's gate, between Bryant and Hill streets. Or. Rigb; asked why tlio paths in Bryant '.and -.Hill', streets .had not .been asphalted to the full width, in accordance with a resolution of Conncil twelve monthB ago. The.Town Clerk said tbat.proviBion had been mnde for the work in question, nnder lioun No. 2. Or. Hardiman suggested that the Bailway Commissioners be-written -to In reference to the platform at the Kensington Station, whioh .was'.in ii very bad state since the late tain's, The Mayor and Crs. Melville:and Sutton urgeS'the necessity \- bf having the'platform asphalted at once. ipr^'Biackweir said he had no doubt the ..4IP!ommusioiieri9 wpiiid.uhdertalte.therhorBBimprovements > -without being asked: •It Should bo remembered, that- the .new three weeks : K'^fJfifiutton arow.;attention fco the dangers ^^Eftti^XK^er^tleet'Soolbpath,: .between:, ten. or eleven. Cr Rigby said thntT^Jje,; »ever . '.received; Jiis ; morning' correspondence before tan'b'olook:'' lOtlier councilloiis cbmplainid of the late arrival of letters, and it was decided to write calling the attention of: tile -Postmaster General to the grievance/ ; ABOUT DURHAM STREET. In accordance -with notice,' Or. Sutton moved ,:that Council take tho necessary steps to- have Durham street tjiken ovur and gazetted a public street. The street, he said, ."was a very important one, it was 40 feet wideband thero were a number of anbstantial buildings in it. Cr Rigby. said the street was only three chains'in length. At the suiuo'time he thought Ounncil nhoiild serve the ratepayers: all: alike and take.-'"over all the private BtroStfc ' Or Barrott said that the surveyor had contradicted n statement made by Cr Sutton at.the last meeting, to the effect tfittt hB (tSe autveiyor) had taken the levels Darhnm street. Cr Suttoh^4l never mentioned the: name fthe survoj'or..',;:- * ;Or B'arreit-eNo kother officer lias perlmBBiotilto.U^e.leyelB and, whether L ht3 was mentionod or not; :I hope it will bethelaet time a councillor will mako a statement: for which there 1B no foundation'.-. * . The Mayor thought it was almoBt unnecessary to go into that matter, Cr Sutton—While I have been at this table ! never :made astntement I was iaot In a poBltion to proye! Or Hardiman—You oannot prove, that. : Tho Mayor—I made a miatake..iri. allowing a report;to .Bee the light which, had not readied the Public. Works Committee. ; , . Or. Sutton—Xou permitted • Or Barrett to give'me a' jacketing,:)- . • Cr Hardioinn—l am ta corno yet. .OrSattbi—rliketddotbingapnblioly and above-board. Ibave the truth on my Bide, and the truth will stand against all comers. . .. ••• ;, ';..-.''v'iv,/. " V. Vi :-Or.Barrett—No.tojstake has been made; imbved for thatreport in llie Council.'.; i; Cr ffiiraimBU—Tt^hy. docs Cr Sutton bringithis street forward ? I don't think yj-.'j.T.-can. * <i* Hnriiman—'Witliii^pHi}is|^f •* '*>•.'puUiam*.'^treefrj-;pn'K«npington*:Hill,-the^^^ iB a : i>Hyato Btroot witH 70; or"80 houses in : it.-' Ji'yre take over ono ' street:why not take: oyer the lot ?,• Let-ns form a subcommittee, and take ^yer-all the private . BtTeBiB, -zn:{jlohoi IVhaveno objection to . Durham street-being: gazetted with' the f rest. Cr Blackwell-r-As we . have no Intention • of doing any work in the street, where is the necessity for taking it over? If we take It over we will-be liablo in the event of an accident. Cr Melville said the street was near hie own residence, but "he objected to its within a huudredTyaiijis.pf Durham street, Council made the residents pay for improvements —also in Bay/Iew/Terrace and Hampden road people hadjto pay for work done by Council. '•' Cr Sutton—Bighta-ofrway I The motion was then put to tho voto and loBt,the diviBibn being—for the motion,; Ors >Suttdn, Urio and Bigby ; against, the Mayor, and Ore Melville, Blackwell, Hardi man and Barrett. 