[?] ?Short, Sharp, Shiny.' Dibbs defeated. Figott suicided. Well done, Barty No seed, no crops. Te Kooti arrested. Hon. J, White again. 'The day will come.' King Milan abdicates. Special session refused. ' The land of promise.' Another Governor gone. Dibbs Ministry defeated. Honest Tom says No.' 'An unconscious victim.' Bravo, Lonsdale, Garlyon. How are the mighty fallen. A scene in the U.S. Senate. A west coast farmer speaks. Mr. Glynn defends Farnell. O'Connor defeated Gaudaur. Victoria takes our Governor. The War Office are adamant. President Harrison installed. Our ' only General' must go. The Times humbly apologises. The defiant Times is humbled. Pastor Ohiniquy is alive again. The famine is raging in China. Trade now booming in England. A rich find in the Central mine. Good report from the west coast. Shooting sensation in ( jaeensland. Savings Bank deposits increasing. Ballot being adopted in the States. The mayor ' received' the farmers ? A large attendance at the reception. The Ha wkesbury- bridge completed. Alma crushing1 for last week, 280 oz. Terrible railway accident in Canada. Gladstone making a hero of Parnell. Davis'beat those horses. Well done ! Strychnine a remedy for drunkenness. Monty Rowe'e death was very sudden. Fritz and Jonathan fighting at Samoa. Poor old Parkes is still out of temper. Lord Kintore left London on March 6. Good bouses patronising the Majeronis. General Downea's resignation accepted. Dibbs's brief boorish bossing ' busted.' Port Augusta trade keeps on increasing. A weather system founded on sun spota. Can't the Melbourne boomers pay calls 1 The autonomy of Samoa is to be secured. The Salazie took away a lot of our wineB. Emin Pasha again defeated the Maadists. Whistler is mad with his disciple Menpes. Chief Justice sworn in as acting-Governor. Melbourne boomers want Adelaide money. The strength of French and English fleets. Mr. Lempriere remains in South Australia. A lunatic in pursuit of 'Jack the Ripper.' Oar wines are to have a good show at Paris. Baker's Creek last average over 15 oz, to- the ton. KeacJ that letter from 'A Retired Farmer,' Tom. A Chinese leper nas escaped in Sydney, Ugh! Commissioner of Crown Lands returned to work. Colonization Society getting into working order. Room for thousands of farmers on the west coast. Bishop Kennion remains a fortnight at Perth. S.A. wines dispatched for the Paris Exhi« bition. We are victims, not 'conspirators, says the Times. Pigott proves to have been an outrageous scamp, ' No quarter' ia the party cry in New South Wales. The Victorian St, Leger again gone to J. G. Blaine resumes his office of Secretary of State. We would like it to bs'aw revoir. Sir William. Mr. Venniog puts the seed wheat question concisely. The Contemporary article ia dreadfully severe on Bizzy, Signor Crispi reconstructing the Itatiaa Ministry. Times apology considered shamefully in adequate. A valuable paper on agriculture by Mr. Generson, Russell and Dillon make a little scene in the Commons. One more period in our gubernatorial history completed. Last year Natal exported gold worth nearly £1,000,000. -There are 102 M.U.0.0. lodges in South Australia. Parnell will raise & big f and out of the old Thunderer. The death rate at Panama just now is about 98 per 1,000. Some good papers read before the Farmers' Association. King Humbert of Italy is a teetotaller and a non-smoker. Lord Carnarvon trying to reform the Lards — what fun ! That long and strong rope was made for the Government. Emperor Kuang Heii (say it quickly) has been married,. Father Stephens sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Unworthy peers to be excluded from the Upper House. In February £73,919 was drawn out of the Savings Bank. Last month £89,917 was banked in the Savings Bank. Tom would rather resign than [call Parlia. ment together. Mr. Foureur is Bending some S.A, cham pagne to Paris, Tom & Co. won't give money for seed wheat under any plan. SouthAustralianFarmers'ABsociation'sannual meeting to-day. The Czar visits the Emperor William at Berlin in April. The cabbage gardeners would like to take all our good things. The Earl of Kintore starts March 11 for South Australia. Santley iB to get £100 a night for four con certs in Adelaide. Post, telegraph, and money-order office wanted for Olary. Mr. Yenning elected president of the Far mere' Association. Journalists get high official appointments in the United States. Mr. T. V. Ranch will represent the S.A. vigneronB at Paris. President Harrison sees the necessity for re ducing the surplus. Now for lively times on the BhoreB of the 'beautiful harbor,' A sort of 'Stand and deliver!' by Mel bourne shareholders. Earl of Aberdeen is gratified at the vindica tion of Mr. Parnell. Some of the Gladstones breaking up, but the O.O.M. smiles along. Cattle and sheep yards wanted at the Cock burn railway-Btation. O'Kelly and Davitt have now sworn that the letters were forgeries. The Mercantile Finance and Guarantee Co, is in a sound position. A reduction of 10 per cent, made on the unsold pastoral leases. It is to be hoped Mayor Shaw has bad enough for the present. The Thunderer's dividend is reduced owing to the Farnell Enquiry. The Land Commission were, it is asserted, fooled by the Equatters, The City Council presented a beautiful address to the Governor, City Land Company are not to be fooled by a Melbonrne land-boomer. The new American champion sculler ia coming out to whip Sesrle. The Government did not appoint a repre sentative to the Paris (show. Intending students are applying for admia don to the School of Mines. A Balfonr has been elected to the Commons in the Gladstonisn interests. Hen Tisza wants larger armaments for the defence of Austro-Hungary. A large gathering of public men bade fare well to Sir William Eobinson. There were 12 deathB in South Australia last week from infectious diseases, ' A Loyal Irish South Australian ' h&B; a word about Governor Kintore, The Irish National League in Adelaide are jubilant over the Times collapse, Further efforts beintr made to reunite the two divisions of the Liberal party. New South Wales spent £13,760 for repre Eentation at Melbourne Exhibition. The next elections in N.S.W. will witness the complete triumph of protection. Mr. Shearing, of Hindmarsh, has succeeded in making a true Australian cement. Ten people killed and 40 injured in Canada through a train falling down a ravine. Government stores building; at the Port to be proceeded with at earliest convenience. . Princess Midas h&B; left for London with the outer harbor scheme in her pocket. The school teachers regard the punishment for breaches of discipline as too severe. The Ministry defies a majority, and trusts to feeling ccoling before the House meets. An Adelaide syndicate are going to bring out Santley, the famous English singer. New South Wales deficit approaching £4,000,000— all accrued under free trade. No lees than 150 eviction notices have been served on tenants on the Kintore estates. The miserable Pigott waB in destitute cir cumstances, notwithstanding his roguery. The Australian Natives' Association -has got its rules passed by excising its patriotism. The farmers ought not to waste time over free trade and protection. That's settled. During last year 271,612 tons of coal were exported from Australia to San FranciBOO. High officials now being suspeoted in connec tion with (he railway accident to the Czar, The G.O.M. delivered a brilliant and pas sionate oration on the ZYtHej-Parnell fiasco, Jt is likely a protectionist member will retire to .give a seat to Education- Minister Suttor. New South Wales will never get on until Bhe gets rid of Parkes, Dibbs, and free-trade. Mr, Molineaux'a appointment as secretary to the Agricultural Bureau is a temporary one. School teachers want their salaries on the first of the month, like other public servants. The Standard calls a New Zealand gold mine now being floated in London a swindle. 'If we can't have our way we won't play any more'— that's the cry of the Government, Could not the Victorians get a law passed preventing Sydney horses winning their races J General Willonghby obtained a divorce against his wife, Harry St. Maur co-respondent, Mr. McCormac, the artist, has just com pleted a portrait of Mr, McKinlay, the ex plorer. There are 180,000 foreigners in Paris. Of these 88,983 have complied with the registration ? decree. Mr. R. H. Brown, of the Survey Department, .has received a flattering address from his fellow officers. The new President's policy favors subsidies to lines of steamers between the States and Australia, . A verdict of manslaughter against the cap ;tain of the Nereid, which collided with the Killochan. Good soil, good rainfall, good crops, good climate — that is the description of the Streaky Bay country. Hoc eet Tom &, Co. do not care about meet ing Parliament sooner than they can be com pelled to do so. The'Sydney Legislative Council are inclined to resent the recent addition of nine members to that Chamber. The Government have made for themselve3 a rope of seed wheat which will probably hang them — politically. West coast Equattera reported to have worked the old dodge on the members of the Laud Commission. Sir William Harcoarfc thinks the Pigott forgeries will trammel th9 Government and hasten a dissolution. The Government practically say to the farmers — 'Go and get seed wheat where you can. We don't care.' Paster Chiniquy claims that he is not only not dead, but that he is 'converting' some of bis old co-religionists. The Rev. Dr. Hermann Adler, chief rabbi of the Jewish Church in England, recently cele brated hiB 85th birthday. Mr. Gillies is deserting a constituency which he has represented ever since he has been in the Victorian Assembly. What is the matter with the Melbourne shareholders of the Finance, Guarantee, and Agency Company of S.A.? France has a war strength of 2,440,000 men, 'besides 1,570.000 in the second reserves and 1,700,000 in the final reserve. Two thousand destitute children were given a substantial supper in London by Dr. Barnardo on Thursday, January 3. There are eleven octogenarians in the French Senate, including Marshal Canrobert and Monsieur Barthelemy St. Hilaire. The tigress Diana, in Mr. Higgins's me nagerie, Brisbane, gave birth to two fine cubs : last week. They are valued. at £100 each. Will the Government consider some scheme for moving the parched -out selectors in the north to the good country on the west coa&t;? Monsieur du Bois de Vroylande, Governor of the province of Antwerp, died on Decem ber 31, and bis remains were accorded a State funeral. Howard Vincent is going to ask in the Commons whether the freetrade party in New South Wales has been routed. He can't believe what he reads. Baron von Mueller reportB that the highest tree he has seen in Victoria was 400 feet high. He recommends that the giant trees of the colony should be fenced in. Charles Spurgeon says that his father is the beet man God ever made ; and President Cleve land's mother-in law Bays that the President is a most honorable man though peculiar. Mary Anderson, the actress, is intensely and devoutly religious. She would rather spend the rosy hours of the morning at maBS than in the enjoyment of the most delicious repose. Among the 23 women inspectors at the New Yotk CuBtom-House ate said to be a niece of Thurlow Weed; and a sister of Roscoe Conk ling— two of America's beat- remembered states men. A very curious plant is found in Manitoba along the Ked River. It is a delicate, pure white st&lk;, leaf, and bloom, and is called the ' Monotropa, Indian pipe, Ghost or Corpse plant.' The draughts match between Barker, the American, and Smith, the English champion, for £200, was finished on January 5, when the score Etood— Barker, 5 games; Smith, 1; drawn, 22. The exhibition held in Glasgow last year has produced a profit of £47,000, being about ' £7,000 more than the net profits of the highly succeiBful Jubilee Exhibition held ia Man chester in 1887. A fearful epidemic of diphtheria is reported from the town of Nago, in Hungary. Children have been dying at the rate of 20 a day. All the schools have been, closed, and there is a : panic among the inhabitants. Eatl Kimberley (Sir John Wodehouse, K.G.) favors the proposal that in future all parsons - in the service of the Grown Bhould have de ducted from their salaries so much as is neces sary to form an annuity fund. The Czar, for the first time for. years, has transmitted a friendly Christmas greeting to the Pope. The personal relations between the Czar and his Holiness are said to be1 warmer - . than they have ever been before. On 7th January, King Humbert, in receiving Lord Dufferin, said ' he regarded the appoint ment of «uch an illustrious personage - as am bassador as a fresh proof on the part of Queen Victoria of friendship to Italy.' The Australian wine trade iB making good progress in England. Last year the imports of wine from the colonies into London amounted to 237,000 gallons, as against 168,000 gallons in 1S87, an increase of some 42 per cent. At Aldenhot recently Sir Evelyn Wood, speaking of the 'short service' system, said, thongh expensive, its advantages by the insight young soldiers obtained into the requirements of foreign countries counterbalanced the cost. The Rev. John McNeill, Free Church Minister of Edinburgh, who has been styled the Scottish Spurgeon, has accepted a call from : the congregation of Regent square, London, which was built for the famous Edward Irving, As the ferryboat was running between Mil wall and Greenwich something went wrong with the paddle- wheel, and on examination it was f onnd that the body of a man, which had evi dently been in the water sometime, waB caught in the paddle-box. William Kixkwood, the foreman of the Barn head Quarry at Airdale, fined a shot of blasting powder to dislodge a rock, and about four hours afterwards went to see the result. He was found dead about 30 yards from . the en trance—killed by the after- damp, At Denbigh, T. L. Hill, a gentleman farmer, was charged with threatening to shoot O. E, Jonesj an estate agent, who bad levied a dis tress for tithes, He pleaded guilty, and was bound over, himself in £100 and two sureties in £50 each, to keep the peace for six months. rC^BTunvTiU The London Philanthropic Society last winter issued tickets for 41,300 half-hundredweights of coal, 17,711 41b loaves, and 8,290 21b loaves. The income amounted to upwards of . £2,250. This society hopes to keep pace with 'the ever-increaBing wants of a growing population of poor.' The American census of 1890, preparations for which are already in progress, according to estimates made, promises to show a population of over 70,000,000 in the United States. The population of 1880, aB the census of that rear showed, was 60,155,783, of whom 43,475,840 were native and 6,679,943 foreign-born. It is announced that the military authorities have granted an extra pennon to John West, an old veteran soldier residing at Pontypool (Monmoutb), who baB just attained his 100th year. West is a survivor of the battle of Coiunna, and was on the field at Waterloo. He still retains all his faculties, t&d; is enabled to walk out on two staffs. 