Alcohol and Yirtue. M. De Flsix (says the Hospital) brings forward some rather surprising statistics on the influence of alcohol on morality and health. He says that in those departments of France -where the con sumption of alcohol is small the birth-rate is less and the mortality greater than elsewhere ; and neither crime nor suicide is in proportion to alco holic consumption. Comparing different nations, he says : ' France consumes less alcohol than the United Kingdom; its birth-rate is less, and its mortality, criminality, and suicide rates are greater. Italy consumes very little alcohol; its criminality is appalling. Spain consumes three times less alcohol than Italy ; its criminality is double. Sweden, Denmark, and Norway, with a population of about one-third, consume four times, the quantity of alcohol consumed in Italy, and yet the criminality of -ohe former is very small, while that of the latter is appalling.' M. De Flars seems to think that the consumption of alcohol is in direct correlation with the amount of crime in the countries he compares. Is it not rather a question of blood ? The phlegmatic Norseman can consume more alcohol, and be less excited by it- than the more emotional Latin race. Never theless, M. De Flaix is as much justified in his conclusions as are those enthusiasts who too rashly associate alcohol and crime. Gas Saver. — An apparatus for affixing to gas metors, by which very great economy is effected in the consumption of gas, was shown at the office of the Patent Universal Gas Saver Co., 247, George-street, on Friday afternoon, be fore a number of gas consumers, among whom were present Messrs. A. Way, J. H. Lewis, J. W. Butcher, and E. H. C. Bris towe. The working parts of the apparatus were very clearly explained by Mr. Foote, M.E., by means of gas burners and pressure gauges. In each ease Bray's 5ffc ordinary burner was used. The results obtained were as follows : Difference of pressure with gas saver, 41 to 5-lOths ; without saver, 16 to 18-10ths of an inch. Difference of consumption with gas saver, 5 to 6ft per hour ; without saver, 9 to lift per hour. There are about 100 of these useful little machines working in different parts of the city, including a large one at the General Post Office. Dettstsioyke Pake Peogeess Association. — A meeting of the Drummoyne Park Progress Association was held at West's Oxford Hotel, Drummoyne. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. G. Cameron, president of the association. The business which engaged the attention of the meet ing was to consider nominations for the new borough of Earlawood, which will be shortly in corporated. The following gentlemen were pro posed as likely to receive the united support, of the Drummoyne Park Progress Association : Messrs. W. G. Cameron. J. Johnston, M. S. Foley, S. Bull. Special reference was made to the valuable services rendered to the separation movement by Mr. W. G. Cameron, who had started the agitation, and at great personal sacrifice had accomplished the work, which- had been crowned with such marked success. Atten tion was directed to the dangerous practice of racing indulged in by those in charge of the ferry steamers plying on the Parramatta River, which not only creates alarm among the lady passengers, but is positively a dangerous pastime. It was resolved to have the matter brought in notice of the Marine Board. United New . Yjeae Seevices. — During the past week the ministers of the various Protestant denominations in the Burwood district have been holding a series of special united service in con nection with the new year. The following clergy men have taken part :? — Bevs. Canon Moreton, A. E,. Bartlett, M.A., (Church of England); J.Clifton, C. J. Prescott, B.A. (Wesleyan); A. Osborne, M.A. (Presbyterian) ; Gjy Littlemore (Congrega tional). The following subjects' were discoursed upon: — 'The Invitation of the Gospel,' 'God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost/' ' Aids to Spiritual Life,' 'The Bible,' ??' The Prayer/' ' Christian Fellowship,' ' Hindraneesto Spiritual Life,' 'fLove of Money,' 'Love of Pleasure.' The services were well attended. St. Mast's Cathedeal. — At the morning ser vice at St. Mary's Cathedral, on Sunday, Cardinal Moran in preaching upon the Feast of the Epiphany referredto the early days of the E. C. Church in Australia by drawing an analogy be tween that period and the invasion of imperial Eome by the Goths and Huns. He said, in refer ring to Australia : ' In our own Australia, where the convicts were landed, here our missionaries were prohibited. That did not prevent, however, our priests coming otit in the guise of convicts. But one was discovered on landing, and he was sent back at once to England, The Government then, seeing that there 'were many Catholics in the colony without the ministrations of the priests of the church had a number sent out to the settlement, and from then dated the freedom that the church has ever since enjoyed in the land.' _. Peince Alfred Hospital. — The following is the report of the Prince Alfred Hospital for the week ending January 5 : — Number of in-patients at last report, 123 males, 75 females ; total, 202. Since admitted, 31 males, 16 females ; total, 47. Discharged, 21 males, 11 females ; total, 32. Died, 2 males, 2 females ; total, 4. Remaining in hos pital on January 5, 1889, 131 males, 82 females ; total, 213. ' Number' of out-patients treated d.ur ing the week, 231 ; number of casualty cases treated but not admitted, 145 ; totaL 876, Kogabah Congregational Chttech. — The icon versazionein connection with the Ebgarah Centen ary Congregational Church, which was opened on Friday evening in the local School of Arts, was continued on Saturday afternoon, when tEere was another good attendance. The various stalk, ?which were presided over by young ladies of the congregation had a very fair amount of patronage bestowed upon them in the course of the day. To Mr. J. H. Carrathers, M.P., who took a very great interest in the. conversazione, and the untiring minister of the church (Eev. E. Moore), a very great amount of credit is due. 