A LIYELY MILL. Young Griffo Defeats Holden in ii Bounds. On Friday night Foley's Hall was the soene of a fight of a nature that must have been thoroughly satisfactory to that seotion of the habitues who always swear a fight ia a oroBB unless one man, at least, of the nair. crala slaughtered, and who don't think a fight is a fight unless there's laBhins of blood and whole mattroseeB of hair flying around. ' Tho meeting of +he oraok Sydney boy and tho aBpirant from 1* 'nraatta had been looked forwaxd to with cu^otderablo intereat by lovers of tho art. as they all knew what a real good bit of stuff Griff is, and 11 powerful' reports reaohed the*oity from the slumbrous 1 orange district as to Holden's abilities. Prom the way Holden followed Griffo up for a matoh, and tho oonfidenoe of hia frionds 1 in putting up their, good ganoe, I think they I thought that in the wiry representative of I the anoient capital they had a dead bird for this event. ' Very little was the patience of the audience tned^ with preliminary spars before the matohed pair oame on to do battle for a stake of £20 and the gate*money, after expanses were psid« There was no division business except in oase of a drawt and as the fight was ' forty rounds or to a finish/' that was a mighty unlikely oontingenoy* Griffo was attended by Mick Dooley and two others, and Holden by Tom Taylor, who had also two assistants. Both lads looked wonderfully fit, Holden appearing trained to the hour, but Griffo had the look of being a ehade too fine. Mr. 8id. Broomfield was ap pointed referee and his brother Charlie held the tioker. No time was wasted after a beau tiful set of lie wand snow-white gloves had been fitted, and they faoed each other for .t .-rBvIdently. aotine nader instructions, - G*iHo» after lotting go n wioked left a long way out or reach, etorted to fiddle hia man. docking in and ont and. waltzing round the riag at a great rate, keeping both hands on tho move tiU Holdon waa plainly flurried. Holden. being no * to the ling in publio thia waa very good polio;, and it , told tnbseqnently. Griflo got a good loft on tho .Book, and sent in both hands twioe, being connterqd with a straight loft on tha month that drew blood. Jnst on timo Holdon trippod down; Hound 2.— Griffo came up with quite a little Strum ol blood running from his lip. bat it was only a boratoh. He began hostilities t-y aeuding tho leti weu oh to Holden^ Jaw and chin. Twio» moro that nsetnl.member shot one and -landed -square, and not a roturn from the orangeman. Then tney exohangod letts.. Holdbn wiping, tho blood oil Qrm'a lips, and Qrl&o; croawd with the right, anu Sot niceiy on the neck. 'He still stood off and ddled a lot, and fought the most cantlou j ' fliht I iharo ever set n himpnt in. j Bouud 3,— Th--y were np lively, and exohanirod laftand right. Holden, not dncking any,' got li i&'a , right (air on hia jtw, whilo hu own glided oS ttaa itop ot the Utile 'un's head as that ink-blaos object .went onuningly to the right. . Gritfo then sent a lott eosaok on the obin tbat nearly dropped the Tarramatta boy, and swinging the right plump on $hs jaw, he dropped Holden clean - and the fallen luro took hia lOseo graoo. ®o sooner waa ho np .than Griflo sot abont him with both hands, getting heavily on the stomach and faoe alter nately, and ohnsiiig him ronnd the ring, lauding Incessantly. Holden stood np gamely and tried to havea say, bnt all power was taken out of him and the fight waa practically over here, bar a oh&noe; swung blow. Tho call of corners stood the stranger in good stoad Jnst here, j Bound 4, — Griffo led and got the left lightly on ' the mouth and was oounterod Hath on tno nose. This riled him, and hia left bashed in on tho short ' ribs and hia right (air on tho -n^i, Holdon; who was qnite fresh again, sent a splendid right on the ribs, but thon Griflo stood in, and getting' his man on the. ropes pasted him unmercifnliy, till goldoa ihot a straight left and made Urlffo.stand off. He etopped a vicloua left Jnst ae the horn blew sweet and olear. '£wo to i on tiriilo was vainly offered at this jnooturo. ' Bound 5.— Griffo led plnmp on the bingey and got a nice counter flush on the neok. Swinging his right, Griffo landod flush on the otr, and then 4s ho drove Holden ronnd tho ring, repo&todly; cringing his left fair on the now, Com Taylor callod tho roforoo's. attention to tho faot that Qrlffo was ' palming,' and said ho would olaim the light if it oontinned. Thoro is nothing iu tbo rules to prorent palming, but tho reforoo advised the lad to leave it ont. 'I'ho horn tooted just as Gtiffo finished a series of tnreo nice lefts on tho dial..1. Bound 6 — Agaia Holdon camo up very fresh, and Griffo put his left with neatness and despatch tin hia noao. . Left and right exohangos followed,' and Holdon got ono good right on, high up on the nut. Thou Uriffo took a BtroDg load, drovo him to tho ropeB, and lot him have a aUowor ot blows. Ho folt weak hlmaolf and stood off, and eomo good exohangos. followod, and when tho horn sounded Holden was plainly gono iu tlio underpinning- ? (Bound 7 — Holdon camo up fresh again, and rushing to moot tho far from unwilling Uriffo thoy wjent at it hammer aud tongs, till a oouplo of r»al rood smashes after duokiug, that Griffo got in, knookod tho dovil out of Holden's hitting, and the othor took oomplote charge- Driving Holden towards tho ropeB lie dropped lilia tirico with roal Btisgors on tho noso and mouth, and half stunned him with a ringor on the loft oar, whioh split that organ, and as the ear always bloods frooly for tno least out. Holuon waa soon smothered iu tho carmine stream, his mouth and noso adding a con siderable quota. He was doad to tho world, and sitting out his lOsoo when the horn relioved him. Bound 8,— Again the minute's rest soomod to aots magically on Holdon, and ho camo up ltvoly enough, though his ear poured blood. Griffo lot him havo two stinging lofts and a right on tho bihgey without a return, and thon Holden got tho left homo twloe, ono a real stisgor on the mouth. Griffo fought f or. tho mark and got thoro re peatedly, the other again falling woak, but standing up gamely to his gruol. Aslie tried to duck away Grltfo upportut him hard with tho right oq tho mouth, and again the tap was on, and Griffo's left glove was bright carmine. He did grand work to the finish, and Holden 'was very weak and stag gt-ili-g when timo was Bonnded. Bound 9— Griffo had to walk ovor to moot: his men, whom he staggered with a lott iu the tender ohops, but got two dittos in return, whioh ho took witna grin; and, walking oloso in, he.drovein both hands, the -right dropping Holdon, who took his K'noo. No Sooner was he in play again than Griffo seut in a terrible left on tho nose, and Holden was very oronk. Griflo followed UP, beta; now as strong as a lion, and pastod his man ,to a Btatoof stupidity by the time. tho sohoiug horn eavod hia bacon and staved oil the ovil hour ono) moro. Bound 10.— Holdeu's rocovery under- Tom Taylor's hands was amazing, ana he rushed tor ;Griffo and lot go both handB inquiok order; hU blows were wild, and though (or a seoond the little 'un was worried he retaliated iu a couple of , seoondB. and, hitting out strong, he sent Holden to he boards three times in quick succession, fiaoh j time he took his aUowanoe on tho floor, and just on time ho went down again with a' bang and sat there, looking very oronx and bleeding freely, till' the horn sent them to tholr chairs. Bonnd 11.— It was plain thit Griff? must win! only question being hew long it would take so | light a weight to got the other to stop or to keon him down over lOseo. Ho had to go right over tj meet Holdon, who sparred In a very (rightonod manner. Griffo landed him with both htuds, bat the other, though very weak, tried to got in a right on tho ohin, and only nfissed by an Inoh. His | damaged oar still bled profusely, and Taylor wai advlced to tako him away, tut as in oaoh ronnd ho came up fresh and might havo sont home a 'sleeper,' it wonld havo boen premature to do so' and good old Tom doolinod. Holden drovo in a leng rcaohingleft in the Darby Kelly, and got a' . left and light in rotnrn that drove him baok, and as Griffo hit at him again he fell rather saspioionsly, without a hlo.w. Mick Dooloy olaimod, bnt Mr Broomflold put It down to weakness preventing tho propor useot bis legs ns ho gat baok.' As soon as he, was up Griito drovo him into his own oornor, where ho slipped onn wot spot jnst as Griffo landed him,, and fell heavily. Ho again took his 19ioo. and was terribly weak and unable to protoothlmeoli as oornera Bounded. I Bound 12.— Griffo walked over to Holden and! administered a rogalar ringer on tho noso with, tho left, gotting a foeblo puah on the ribs iu rotnrn, Griffo sent a groat'left well ori tho jaw. and thoni gavo one of his doublo lefts in the same plaoe, and! Holden went down and stayed lOsoo. Whon ho came np he got the left on to Qriflo's rib3 twioo, and took a aouplo of smashing rights on the loft' eye, whioh began to put tho shutters up. Ho was doad weak at corners.; 1 - ?; Bound 13.— Thoro woro smart oxohanges, and. Holden missed two attempts to land a swinging right ?' by hitting too .high. Tnon, rooolving both hands * fair on thti faee, ho dropped and took his timo out. ' Up again and Griffo sprang at him like atlgor,* and knookod him fair down again. When his lOseo hod expired Griffo fought him to a stand. . still, and finished by flooring him again. He wis. so far gono that had ho boon wise, and not so dead ? game, he'd havo refused to soratoh again. Ho bled from noso and mouth, hia loft eye waB nearly* olosed, and hia ear novor ceased bleeding. Nowith- '. standing this he oame up gamo for Bound 11 and lasi.— Grifllo had to go olear over ; to his corner, where Holdon mot him by swinging tho right, in a vain hope ot turning tho tidoo: battle. Griffo dnokcd. and tho blow fl sw harmless. ' and tho ctV or hit him so hard that he knooked him through tho ropes. Ho sat a moment on th 5 bottom rope, and thon staggorod up, only to bj - sent to tho' floor In a heap; lOsoo up, and down again. 'and another IDsoo graoo olapsed. H- blundered round the ring, and received a fai ? knockdown on tho jaw, falling against tho ropes. Tho ealtlo was so evidently a hopeloss one tha Ttulor humanely stepped ints the ring, told Gi ilfo ?' that is enough,,rhaulod off Holdon's glove, and skied it in token of surrender. REMARKS, From first to last the Parramatta boy, thongh 2in taller, a atone heavier, and longer in the reaoh by far, never had a ghost of a show with the little Foley-t&ught; ttydneyite. Not only is Griffo a wonderfully smart boxer and so olever with his head that he's as hard to hit as a mosqnito of a hot snmmer night, but he hits bo wonderfully qniokly and so often gets both hands on, biff-boff, that it is only a matter of time for him to stupefy any lad who is at all near his weight and who does not possess sufficient powers of dodging and guarding to escape at least a portion of the blows ehowered at him. He haa one grand point, and that is, that if he leads and is stopped, or misses, he is not, like so many boxers, half a mile away; he dodges the connter and hits instantly again, and I have yet to see the boxer he wonld fail to get on to I the Becond try ; andjthen the right, invariably almost, follows the left, whon hiB opponent thinke he will hit and be a tray. Tha know ledge of ring taotios he Bhowed in this fight was marvellous in bo young a lad, and wonld have done infinite credit to a muoh older fighter. He was most ably seoonded by Miok Dooley, who nnrsed him daring the time he was a bit weak in the legs in a moat com petent manner. 