Mr. Thomas Walker, M.I.A. Somo papera were laid on tho tablo of tho Asaombly tho other night with reference to what ia known as Mr. Thomas Walker's caso. They aro not particu larly edifying reading. From thom it appears that somo yoars ago Mr. Walker (tho prosont M.L.A. for Northumberland) was a professional spiritualist, tranco modium, or whatever it may ho called, and carried on businosa in Toronto (Canada]. In tho oxperiinonts necossary for arousing publio interest in communication with tho other world phos phorous, it appears, is tho useful ingredient, NS Mr. Walker, having obtained a stick of this material, proceeded to practise tho needful illusions, and, in some way or other, suceeodod so well as to frighten his room-mate, who got so fearfully burned by tho substanco that he subsequently died from tetanus. Thiswas awkward, for tho business, moro ospociallyas a Canadian jury did not appreciate tho spiritualistic aspeot of tho caso, but returned a verdict of murder against Mr. Walker. Now, Mr.Walker had intended to leave Toronto before this, and had actually his passage ticket in his pockot, of which, on tho circum stances, ho availod himself. Tho Canadian police, of course, were aware of his departure, hut did not soom to think it worth while to follow him up. All this happened somo thirteen years ago. Walker lootured for a timo in tho Statos and then came to Australia, whon, apparently finding that politics paid bettor than spiritualism, he abjured hiB connection with tho other world, and took to the moro praotical coursa of representing Northumber land in tho Legislativo Assembly of Now South Wales instoad of tho ghosts of tho faithful departed. To his crodit, bo it said, ho never attempted to represent Saunders. Well, perhaps consoienco pricked him, or some spirit wrapped fero ciously. At any rato, ho made a clean breast of tho affairs to tho Melbourne police eomo two years ago. Thoy Baw no particular cause for intorforenco ; and so things went on until Sir Honry Parkos carno to hear of tho matter. His virtuous indignation was at once aroused, and, having boon fortified by an opinion from Mr. P>. E. Wiso (his Attorney-Genoral), ho sot tho police hero in motion. All they could do waa to ask tho Canadian polico whether they wantod Mr. Walker (who, as an opponent of the Parkes Government, had becomo a nuisanco) to bo extradited back to Toronto. But tho reply of the polico was unsatisfactory. They had had quito onough of thoir spiritualistic friona, and wished Now South Wales joy of its bargain. They hinted also that the case waa far too old for thom to reopen ; so that tho wholo gratification was ungrudgingly handod over to Sir Henry Parkes. Mr. Walker admits tho wholo of tho soft impeachment, and asks for neither mercy nor pity, but simplo justice. Thus the matter at present stands. 