Tlie late Crown Prince of Austria. (Frmn ttte S.M. Herald's Correspondent.) 'The mystery surrounding tlie death of the Crown Prince of Austria bus given rise to many conflicting statements. The following narratives supply details of tlie versions most ?WiSely ?circulated. Rudolph hod -for theiast three yearsat least been living, in bad ways. His disappointment at not having a son first estranged him from his wife, and his subse quent infidelities completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a cat-and-dog life. The Prince, a. man of slight build, nervous sympathetic temperament, liighly imaginative and excitable, took to ex cessive . drinking. He lost interest in his literary pursuits, as well as artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement. He did inad things when out bear-shooting and deer-stalking, and was frequently seen with flushed face. He took pleasure in loose so ciety, und btcame smitten with fondness for ghost stories aud spiritualism, and the end was that lie became haunted with fear that lie might go mad, like Louis II. of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Baroness Marie vou V. Young, si lady of 21 years, one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to the old Czecli family, and was the niece of a -well-known Austrian sportsman. The ac quaintance between the baroness and Crown Prince began some months ago, and this in creased the estrangement between Rudolph and Stephanie, The Prince scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. He counted confidently upon re ceiving assistance from the Emperor, on ac count of the disappointment experienced by his Majesty when tlie doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, the Emperor point blank re fused to countenance anything of this kind. His Majesty professed himself, as lie un ' - doubtedly is, very niuchattached totfte Crown Princess, and rated his sou for his unmarital conduct. ' ''On Sunday, the 27th January, there was a terrible scene between the Prince and his wife, who threatened to return to her parents at Belguun. The Emperor told the Prince he would appoint him governor of Bosnia, and oblige him to go and live :it Serajevo. There, be said, 'you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals.' At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. Tlie Crown Prince ?was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Rene's reception on the same Sun day evening. He was then wearing ji Prus sian uniform, aud seemed in a gay mood, though flushed somewhat and flighty. The next morning his father sent to him and re peated what he said on the previous day, but with more pereuiptoriness, adding that he would give the Prince a week to make a sub mission, and promise to lead a better life. Rudolph got very angry, left liis father with out kissing his hand according to the Austrian custom, and striding away to his apartments took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince '\V. Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos, inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of days'.shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a two-horsed cab, driven by a man named Bratlisch, a uote4 comic singer. Ou : Tuesday - night the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, aud steadied liis nerves with a good deal of champagne. At first he was iu veiy low spirits, but gradually brightened up, and after dinner Bratnsch, the cabman, was summoned to sing for him. The Prince, Hoyos, and Bratn'sch, remained to gether till 3 iu the morning, but during intervals between Bratn'sch's songs the Prince several times left tlie dining-room and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 3 a.m. the company separated on the understanding that the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. From this point the stories differ. Some waking the girl whocoimnitted suicide not the Baroness Ml, but another ! yovmg lady,.o£ the Aastrian aristocracy, of Portugese extraction and fierce temper. On the Tuesday Afternoon, the day after the Priu.ce'6 depavturefrom Vienna, she had been out shopping with her auut, and gave tliat lady the slip wldle they were in a warehouse together. On reaching Meyerling she in sisted on seeing tlie Prince, and at the inter view quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, and declared her shame would soon become publ|c( aud ended by saying tliat unless the Pj'iuco-woiiid take her openly under his pro tection and elope with her for a few weeks, she would commit suicide. The Prince was so frightened that he dared not let the girl go backto Vienna alone butproposed she should remain for tlie night at Meyerling ; she was accordingly installed at the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named Gruth schaat. At night the Prince slipped out and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to see his sweetheart. At this Uouv the wider keeper named. Woedring was going his night rounds of the ioastle grounds. Weedring hnd orders to call theiliead keeper at (3, and at the hour appointed wont to tho lodge aud knocked at tub door. He was carrying a double barrelled loaded gun, which was slung over his back, and suddenly, while he knocked at the front door of the house he heard the window at the side of the house open and uomgbody jump out, Having do idea that tlie Prince was in the house he ran round. Seeing a man scampering in the dark he shouted to him to stop instantly, and not getting an answer fired The Prince dropped hit in the shoulder. Weedring hurried up, und the Crown Prince, struggling to his feet, gasped out^ ' I am Archduke Rudolph ; I am hit ; lead me to the Schloss,' The Prince swooned just as he reached the window, whore the girl whom he had left a few moments before was standing. Weedring appears then to have called out in Ids dis traction that he had killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew in dismay and swallowed the contents of a bottle of poison which she had brought with her. The Prince, recovering quickly from his swoon, ordered Weedring to help him to walk to the Schloss, and gave him strict injunctions to hold his tongue. The Prince then went home shortly after and was found dead, drenched with blood, and lying half out of his bed with a revolver on the floor. From another account it appears that when the Prince went to Meryling tlie Bareness Marie disappeared from home, leaving a note for her mother, in which she s:iid she was going to drown herself. The terrilied mother in stantly went to Count Taiifie, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause in quiries to be made, aud the detectives were accordingly placed uponhis track. They made the discovery that she was staying with the Crown Prince at Meryling. Taafl'e convej'ed this information to the mother, who, on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor aud laid the matter be fore him. On returninc home the mother found another letter from her daughter, dated Meryling, in which the youthful baroness an nounced that she and the Crown Prince had resolved to commit suicide together. It seems that the Prince hart promised her mar riage as soon as he abtaiiied his divorce from the Princess, and when he informed her that this was now impossible, owing the Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they re solved to commit suicide. Tliis they did on tlie Wednesday morning iu the bedroom of the Prince. When Loschell, the valet to the Prince, entered the bedroom in the morning after vainly knocking for admittance, he found tlie dead bodies of the lovers lying on tiie bed. Before calling anyone he carried the body of the Baroness into an adjoining vooui, so that when Prince Phillippc, of Go burg, and Count H. Kyos, on being sum moned by Loschell, entered the bedroom they only saw the body of the Crown Prince, and naturally concluded it was a simple case of suicide, as was reported to the Emperor. On being informed of his son's death, the Emperor at once suspected the truth, and ex claimed, 'I would rather have lost a province than this disgrace should have befallen me.' The Home correspondent of the Daily Xhvs says lie was able to learn the exact particu lars of what occurred at the Vatican between the Holy See and the Imperial family at Vienna on the occasion of Rudolph's death. The Pope received the first telegram announc ing simply the 3esith of the Prince, to which his Holiness himself wrote a reply of four lines with great difficulty. 