TOM'S MATE. By H. F. Qalbrhth. CHAPTERL I suppose that all stories about Chriitmai tlde should be—like the aeaaon—of a feBtlve character, and that nothing more horrifyUg than a ghost or hobgoblin ehoald be allowed to intrnde into its detail; and even the ghoat should be an accommodating sort of speatre— one like he who took Scrooge (moat charming remembrance of the Uaater'a charming Christmas story), and showed the old miser the miser; of the world in which he dwelt misery whioh the miserable man had never striven to alleviate, and whioh till then he cared nothing about. Who has ever read a Christmas story which designedly left a pain ful impression t At other times a writer may have to chronicle details of death and deaola- j tion, war and rapine, ghastliness and gloom. Bat at this blessed season of the year his pen mnst have mirth for its master, jollity as its >od wills director, and peace and goodwill as its atten dant handmaidens. His piece mnst ran to inspiring dance and song, and the tableau be one of oontent, blessedness, and hope. But, sorry I am to say it, this is not true to nature. To eaoh of us there is an allotment of sunshine and cloud. Some are vouchsafed by the Great Supreme more of joy than of sorrow; a greater number, alas ! more of sorrow than of joy. The grapes and thistles * thoni* mnst intermingle; and thongh we:may. haok down the one and train with careful diligence the other, both mast enter into the experience of all—crowned monaroh and trembling beggar alike. And they are not oonfined to time and season. The thistles of. .adversity. will spring up when we least expeot them, and in the same manner, thank Heaven, the vines put forth their tender leaves of promise. For all that we are justified in setting the chimes B ringing, Invoking the music of the herald angels, n-tuning to their sweetest the , timbrel and harp, spreading the Christmas board, and bidding the gatnering family to the feast, negleoting not the stranger at our gate. What boots it that we dare notreokon upon beeping dull care and grinding sorrow out of our houses. This is the time when our Saviour was born. We will confine onrseives to it. Bleseed and only anniversary when the universal brotherhood of man is recog nised in its integrity. "Sufficient for the day Is the evil thereof." We are in God's hands. And God is good. Grant that my contribution to this Christ mas nnmber differs somewhat from the traditional tone of Christmas literature, it muet be excused in that it is not a misinter pretation ol daily life in this sunny land, and one of the sunnieBt portions in it; or in that older mother oouctry to which all of us belong either by birth or desoent. The heart may be as deeply stirred by mournful cadences 88 by jubilant strains. It is some thing, is it not, to have the heart stirred by any means Boever ? But enough. My duty is olear. I have to tell the etory of Tom'a Mate, a man more sinned agaicet than Binning; and if at timeB the mournful cadences are too etrongly attuned, let me trust that the cheerful strains of the sequel will restore the harmony, and that my proaaic lay will combine as a whole—a melody in keeping with the season, and be aocepted with all its imperfections us a truthful narrative of what may happen to a man in Australia. It is only necessary to premise that the locality is the Northern Territory, the time some four teen years ago, and the narrator a mutual friend o! the men who appear as joint heroes of my tale. Tom'e mate wbb drunk; there is not the slightest nse in attempting to disguise that fact Like Bandy in Bret Harte'e "Idyll of Red Guloh," he was very drunk, bo drunk, indeed, that when the villainous-1 looking landlord of the ahanty in whioh Tom's mate had spent hie money told him he didn't want any blank loafers kicking round his place, he was not Bteady enongh upon his legs to walk away. And such being the ease he did the next best thing, sat, orratber tumbled, down on the form outside. "Strange thing a man oan't come to a fellow's plaoe and spend a pound or two withont wanting to make it a refuge when he's got no more staff." Of course the speaker was the shanty keeper—one of the regular type. I have seen hundreds of them up country keeping these " traps" on the road, robbing diggers right and left, bat this was the worst speci men of his bad class. A dried-up, tanned, weather-beaten old econndrel, who would have made a splendid model for an artist requiring a good specimen of an old-time pirace. 1 suppose for hie life he could not nave openea hie mouth without uttering a word unfit for any decent woman to hear. "Well, I don't know, BUL I think yon've done pretty well out of the young fellow. Seeme a good sort, too." The speaker was leaning with his baok against the ccunter, and as he uttered his opinion he quizzioaily' looked-at the rum seller. "I don't know what business it is of yours, Tom Mayce, anyhow." " No, 1 don't anppoBs you do. It would be against anything that would creep into your imagination that a man ahonld be in clined to pity a poor devil that after, being robbed was as good as oalled a loafer. Look he<e. Bill, I like that jonng fellow, I don't know why, and it doeBn't much matter; the fact remains. If he oweB you anything, though he can't well do that, I'll pay it you. But don't you turn him out to-night, that's all. If you do I'll feel inclined to turn you out. Mind me." And the speaker looked as though he was fully capable of keeping his word. A perfeot type of an Australian busbman, standing six feet in his stockings, bronzed and tanned, huge bright beard, and sparkling kindly biown eye, though X must say that as he addressed the fellow hie eye had anything but a kindly gleam in it. With asoowl, whiou he would doubtless have made more prominent had he dared. Bill replied, " Oh, that's all right,Tom. Ol course If you've taken a liking to the yonng fellow he e weloome on your account. But how yon take any interest in such a fool as that'licks me." . ... .. "And what has he done besides spendi _ money in your shanty that's so dreadfully foolish. We're' alt fools, if that's all." . "Dp yon mean to tell me, Tom, yon don't know him." "Never saw blm In my life before yester day to my knowledge." " Never saw him in Palmerston ?" "I tell you* No'!" " Well I thought everyone in the Territory bad seen or heatd of the new-ahum who | married Liz." "Good God! Is that the man!" "Yes. that's the fellow they oall Handsome | Jack. He's a new-chum, I think." " How did be oome to marry her f" "Blowed if 1 know, Tom, or care. But I the fact remains that he is married to her, that he has been drinking heavily ever I einoe, and that now that his money is all done she has left him." Tom stood silent for a moment, watching the drnnken man, who appeared to hare sank into a troubled, restless alumber. Both he and I had seen the woman, and both had heard of [her as one of the lowest and most abandoned of her sex. We had been at a not too aeleot danoe at Falmerston, and Lis had been pointed ont to ns as she whirled past in a waltz in the embrace of a huge, blaok-bearded olgger known throughout the Territory as one of the biggest ruffians In it. I had observed her oioaely, and must admit there couldn't be the least doubt of her beauty. Very fair, with masses of golden hair tnmhllog down her book. 8kin as white and pnre as if she never bad atepped outside a drawing-room, delioate features, and enoh enticing red lips. But her eyesl They were bine—cold, metallic bine, and a smile snob as one might have fanoiod iilumined the faoes of the Roman women who decreed the death of the defeated gladiator. And this was the woman this good-looking man had married. Well, I don't know that it was any particular business of mine:I suppoie he had chosen for himself. Bnt Tom seemed to feel very sorely on the subject Rousing the sleeping man, he aaid, " I say, mate, yon had better go to bed. If yon atop ont here to-night, you'll get the fever. Gome on, old man, I'll ahaw yon the way." Starting to hie feet the man seized Tom by the throat, and exclaiming)" You she-devil, I'll atrangle you." It was ae much as Tom, with my as sistance, could do to free the madman's hands, lor mad he was to all intents and purposes. "I guess he's got a proper dose of the blues, this time," said the shanty keeper. " Here, Jack, drink this, at the same time handing the man a half pannikin of Queensland ram, whioh like the noted etuff sold in e Barooo shanty, was warranted to kill at forty yards. Tom dashed the pannikin to the ground. " Do yon want altogether to kill the man, you sooundrel 1" "No, Tom, but it's the only thing as'll keep him quiet." " Yes, and kill him at the same time. Have you any cblorodyne in the place ?" bteve brought a bottle, and mixing a large dose of it, Tom after some trouble got Jack to drink it. 1 left the next morning, and had imagined that Tom would leave with me. Bat no. He eaid he was going to atop and eee that man through, and be did. it was a tough bout—he was bad to be eure. The poieonouB etuff he bod been drinking, together with the hot climate and all he had gone through, made him so bad that it was a wonder he ever pulled round. Of course he wasn't fit for much, but be grew sensible, and he soon knew Tom, and looked for his return anxiously after'any temporary absence. One day, after watching Tom for a long time, as the latter was tidying the room up a bit, he said, " My friend, how shall I ever repay you?" " Ob, hang it all, young'un, that's all right. Gat well as Boon as you can, and oome np with me to Sandy Creek; that wilt soon make a man of you. You know that we yesterday agreed to be mates. Well, I guess when men are mates they've got to share the bad luck with the good." So he lay still a bit. " Oh the fool, the scoundrel I have been. Where is that—Where is my ?" " The girl you married. On sheisetillat Palmerston, You may depend she won't trouble you up country." " Is it all true—have I married her ?" " Yes, I'm afraid it is. But look here. Jack, if you're going to talk about her, I'll be off. For if you think about that too much you'll be getting another doBe of the horrors." " That's nonBenee, Tom. I'm not so bad as that. But I have something to say to you— something that must be said, and the sooner it is said the better." And Jack began fumbling under bis shirt for something. Tom knew what it was, for he had often seen it while tending him. A locket along round his neck with a chain of golden hair. He pulled it ont, and tonching a spring, handed it to his mate open, There Was the piotnre in it of a young girl. Such deep true eyes looked out of the pioture at Tom; eyes tnat a man would have staked his life for, and the faae was to matoh. Not handsome, perhaps, in the general aooepta tion of the term, but pretty, sweet, pure, trustful, and true, and with suoh a steady purpose in every line of it. Tom looked at it long, and then silently handed it baok to Jack. "That girl has promised to be my wife when I go back to England. Do you wonder now, Tom, why I wish yon had let me die the death of the worthless dog I am ?" Tom said nothing. W hat conld he say ? Looking at that faoe, knowing that the owner of it was quietly waiting In England; waiting with pure confidence in her lover, and faith in his truth to her. And he, that lover, lying on bis bed jnst recovered from a sickness brought on bv riot and drink, and the husband of a worthless woman, who was even at that moment dragging his najne in the mnd for the amusement of every de banohed loafer in the town. Heaven help the poor girl in England. As' Tom thought of it his oholer rose, and his anger rose bot within him Bgainst the man who had so badly wrecked ber faith and happiness. Bat when he Inoked at the poor fellow lying there, hie white face thin and sharp; hie pretty, boyish golden curls clipped clobe; ble heartbroken face fixed on that of his new found friend, his anger faded away. "Don't yon think, Tom, you ought to leave me to my fate ? Such a wretch aa I am deserves no pity." " No, my poor boy, that's not my style. It's a bad, bad job, and from the bottom of my heart I pity that poor girl at home. Bat neither your dying or going to the dogs will improve matters. Give me your fist. I don't see my way through the difficulty, but there is nothing gained by lying down and crying over things. Here's my hand, boy, throueh good lock or bad I'll stand in with you, and well see if we can't get over it, bad and ugly as it looks." Jaek gripped Tom's hand and gave him the locket. "Keep it for me, Tom ; it's not fit for me— the husband of that woman, to wear. I;oaonot master .courage to write to her yet. It's better that she eh'onld think me dead than know what has happened, and I coulin t tell her a lie. Will yon do eo, Tom ?" . , Tom assented with a warm hand-grip, and so the bargain was made between them. 