CURRENT NOTES. [(JILLIK' Budget is a triumph of magnificent , It is a tale of pold ! It lias never fallen lot of any Colonial Treasurer to have linopoii Inm such an avalanche of sovereigns • detcended upon our Victorian Premier, leirhcliad over £S90,000 of an accumulated which lie wanted to spend, only that Bent didn't give its sanction. To that vast fcthelias thisycaradded about£900,000 more astoms House has literally rained gold upon d now the great question is—what are lonith it ? Ihenext most dangerous thing to litfora Treasurer to be aliiicted with may tarn out to he a mammoth surplus. The pi 60 much loose gold starts everybody's I watering, and the country prepares itself 1 its representatives for a sort of scramble. kf farmers are not satisfied now, they never i It is true they haven't got their little in sheep and cattle promised to them just as Jed; but the amount of gold that is to be led about in support of agriculture would •ity members go green with envy were they •Med that any help given to the country Thas its reflex action on the towns. There iiits for bonuses to farm produce, grants Iff sheds tin farm produce at railway Bi, grants for faucy farmers' trucks and S®> grants for agricultural colleges, and •rotectivc duties on grain. But they are •like Adam in the Garden. They may • hundred things they have not asked for, fere ia one apple they ery for forbidden 1 Their live-stock taxes are taboo. Farmers i grumble, and perhaps this cause of "iR will just make them happy. tAssembly made another sudden "rightwe" last week, and did justice at the 1 hour to the Civil Servants. The history j Cml Service Bill in the Assembly will Wat an enormous power there is in perti- _ in half-a-dozen different places the House " No!" to a plea for justice. It wasn't [It¥»s a had House—a dishonest House— pouldn't pay its debts. Not at all. It is House-ml a dishonest House—not r"';; P a J' its debts, lint it was a poor, fMdled, befogged House, dragged hither |™U'J opposing arguments, until it got its Lj'„ '' U(i the conscience waB that it ! ' to everything that everybody • - or w r °»g- It had a suspicion that J «Tong, hut it was much too im- » pause and meditate. No well- ' tr ™sman would think of going to his Eimi i amount of "the little ,or tlle l„Y c kncw that the good man had just PtPtoeinoBsage from his wife to say that 118 iu6t fallen i lb to the scalding liah ,° at lms broken the new mirror." ®idMi!\ £ ""propitious moments, just »«!» have When the mild Mr. Oflicer Iserrait a , for " kee P'"g faith " with the fcrialK-i " ParI 'amentary oat had KL k ? n - lhe pier Z 1 ™*- The HoU6e Ldi ' ani 11 was an fe' r y at perceiving & ^ at knowing that other iTutitfl^ also - Thus it was that it runt ,„ u,?, r c-at virtuo . in appealing from mi,,' 0 .! ' 111 '!' sober. And there is sound Lt ; lc,tl J'.MquieBcing in the judgment of kt ,t ° tf"" c - lf J'ou want to reverse that K,U„f ' P lat is wh *t Mr. Officer P tU fan/n of r e P'oach. He bore a iCoU ^ Uamlet f s ghost, " more of r U n e er - And the Assembly, when it recovered its self-respect and its good temper again, felt Borry to think that it had given its voice for cheating a few of its employes. It knew very well that those officers had had a distinct and binding contract with the State, and it knew that the State had not observed its own share of that contract. To do it justice, it ached for the chance of repairing its own wrong. And just at this juncture came the suave voice of Mr. Oflicer upon it, apologising for reviving a subject which had been already considered, but arguing "two or three little points which might be new to the Bouse." Here was the golden bridge for the enemy to retreat over. It was accepted and the House once more reversed its verdict and put Hie finishing touch of honesty to the Public Service There ia one man in the House of Assembly of whom it maybe said, in a paraphrase oi Goldsmith, that " one small head cannot carry all he knows " That man is Dr. Pearson. Too much learning has made him—well, not mad, but dumbfounded. He lives, poor man, in a perpetual regicn of fog, like the summits of some minor mountaius. His speech on Bible-reading in State schools was a model of everything that was learned, illogical and irrelevant And all this was to prove that if this colony adopted a system that exists in New South Wales, in America or Canada, and in England and Scotland, anarchy and chaos would fall in upon us and ruin and overwhelm us. Biblelessons may not have any very explosive qualities m the places named, but the Profsssor knows that in Victoria they would prove of more destructive power than double- barrelled dynamite. A printed copy of the Lord's Prayer banging up in the schools would be worse, in Dr. Pearson's opinion, than an infernal machine; and the reckless Minister who would permit the Ten Commandments there would court irretrievable ruin. The best way, in Dr. Pearson's opinion, to make a nation truly religious is to weed out every trace of religion from the learning of the young until the children have no feeling of religion left, and then there will be no danger of quarrels amongst them on religious subjects ! Admirable I WE are to revel in Penny Postage at last, if this budget doesn't go "bung" like the other, and there isn't much danger of that; for people arc waiting for the distribution of the coin. But certainly it is true we could send our letters through the colony for a penny. The new mail tariff will put the post-card out of court, and the three-halfpenny letter card will be quite superseded. Dr. Smith has been the Rowland Hill of Victoria. He has agitated this question every session for years. He gets it at last without asking for it. And so it turns out again that everything comes to him who waits. WE hope that Major-General Edwards will inspect, among other things, the convenient habit which our defence authorities have of passing regulations to " regulate" their own errors. Everybody who knows orcaresany thing about the factors which go to make up an efficient service will be aware that discontent among the militia will not render our defences any the more impregnable. And yet the feelings of officers and men are continually being irritated by a series of official blunderings and bullyings which would be contemptible if they had not now and again a somewhat ludicrous phase. i lie Price incident, as everyone knows, served to show the plentiful lack of tact that characterises those animated wet blankets known as the Defence Authorities. But bsd and ill-advised as their conduct was over that matter, the result was not serious, as the public unanimously backed up the so-called delinquent officer and merely boo-hooed the solemn donkeys who sat in judgment upon him. In another case, however, the results are neither so innocuous nor so amusing. The facts are these :—An officer with ten years' experience in England, and for two years an active holder of a lieutenant's commission in our militia, was a short time ago surprised to see another officer, who had been for years upon the unattached list, suddenly pitchforked over his head as a Benior lieutenant. It had previously seemed just and sensible that an unattached officer returning to active duty Bbould date his seniority from the day of his return. Such, in fact, was the practice, liut, evidently in order to obviate the necessity of swallowing their words, the authorities lately passed a regulation enabling them hereafter to do as they please in this respect, and they have made the regulation retrospective as regards the sufferer aforesaid, whose protests have been met with snubs. A small matter, certainly, say you. The jealousies of two lieutenants ! But these straws show the way the breeze is setting, and if the authorities are wise they will see that in our country and under our conditions of life the service, to be efficient, must be popular. We have no mob of dumb hirelings, but a gathering ofjmen who not only desire but intend to be treated as BUCII. And the sooner the eminent warriors in charge recognise tliiB fact the better it will be for such of the people as may care for an adequate defence when defence may become necessary. OF course we shall all be glad to welcome the new Governor and his charming wife when they come here towards the end of the year. And the ladies especially will be full of anxiety concerning a young fellow who is said to stand six feet high, and to be a sort of Apollo Belviderc. A handsome man under thirty yoars of age, dispensing hospitalities at Government House, in company with a young and charming woman for his wife, must make the hearts of the social lionB throb again. "Everybody that is anybody" will struggle to be there. For, after all, there was some meaning in that remark of Bcaconsfield, that youth is genius. Whatever we may think of this appointment on the political side of it, there will be no two opinions as to its social import. The handsome Earl and his handsome Countess will find a right loyal welcome. Government House shall be turned into a palace of romance, and its grounds into a place sacred to the " murmurs of low fountains which gush forth in the midst of roses"—a la the Prince of Como's story to poor Pauline. AND when we turn from this roseate-tinted aspect of the newly-appointed Governor to its more mundane side, it is still possible for us to extract some self-complacent comfort. Old John Bull in sending here to the Governor's seat two 65 cooing lovers rather than a battle-scarred veteran in the diplomatic service, has really paid us a very delicate compliment. It is an almost universal practice to send the ablest generals to the seats of greatest trouble and danger. Thus it was that Sir Hercules Robinson went to the Cape, Lord Dufferin to India, General Gordon to Khartoum, and the Marquis of Normanby came here when it was necessary to compose our intestine wars of the two Houses. On this principle, the Bending here of a young gentleman, whose highest diplomatic efforts have been made to preserve peace amongst the Ladies in-waiting around the Royal Throne, or of bowing once a year to the acclamation ol the good Presbyterians of the National Assembly at Edinbrough, argues that we have almost got out of the leading strings of Governorship. Klulf old John Bull evidently thinks that we require very little managing when he selects this bright fared boy-Governor. 