PROFESSOR PEPPER AT THE POLYTECHNIC. AN INTERVIEW WITH THE PROFESSOR his GHOST. Professor Pepper, erstwhile of Brisbane, has been interviewed on his arrival in England by a representative of the Pall Mall Budget. The scribe writes The Polytechnic and Pepper ! How naturally the familiar conjunction flows from the pen, and what bygone enjoyments it conjures up out of the long ago. So far as London is concerned, the famous scientific entertainer has been absent from it so long as to make it widely supposed that the good man has indeed become " Pepper's Ghost," and positively to a large portion of the rising generation his very name-to say nothing of his fame is unknown. To-night, however, by a strange combination of circumstances, the Professor's foot will once more tread his native heath" at the Regent street institution, when he has arranged to give a lecture of the old type so well known and so much frequented before the Young Men's Christian Institute had taken up its quarters at the Polytechnic. In the course of a chat with the ruddy faced white-haired Professor a representative gleaned from him some interesting reminiscences and reflections. "It is exactly ten years," said the erstwhile Prince of the Polytechnic, " since I left London, where my ghost performance sprang into popularity about a quarter of a century ago. I and my family have been living at Brisbane, Australia, for the last ten years, and my wife's health was the chief reason of our return. We had a large and comfortable place' out there. Neighbours would often send in, asking' me to let them have half a dozen trees, which I gave with as little thought as if they had been cauliflowers in England. I was appointed analyst to the city, and used to have fine fun when people tried to bribe me-all in vain, of course-not realising that all samples reached me simply with a number attached, affording no clue to identification. I lectured a little, including some lectures of a more serious scientific character than I usually give. And, by the way," he continued, " that reminds me of one of the leading principles of my old entertainments at the Polytechnic always tried to steer the ship so as to give plenty of entertainment, while never forgetting the freight of science that we had to throw overboard. Had it not been for weak management, the old Polytechnic would still be in existence and flourishing. But £30,000 was lost there in fifteen years, and that is not a small sum ; considering it, I have all the more admiration for Mr. Quintin Hogg's lavish outlay ; it is not every day in the week that one comes across such a man." "I spent five years in America, where such lectures as mine proved a decidedly attractive novelty ; but their powers of drawing everywhere have always been great; indeed, my ghost illusion has realised many thousands of pounds from first to inSt." And then the worthy Professor, mention- ing the expenses attendant on his scientific training in the state of such matters in his young days, spoke about his small but faithful band of actors and actresses, especially of one young lady who used to play the leading parts in the Pepperian dramas, She went on and on, now as Queen, now as mermaid, then as peasant, and' what not, until something like twelve years had passed, when she grew HO stout that audiences laughed at her ultra unromantic appearance, and her marriage and retirement occurred she was a worthy soul," said Mr. Pepper with a genial smile. The Professor will shortly give other lectures in other places, and a fortnight's entertainment, with the resuscitated " ghost," at the Polytechnic at Christmas. Fortunately, he has no need to lecture, but is a firm believer in not getting rusty." "With some cordial praise of the present Polytechnic laboratory, Mr. Pepper, with thanks for good wishes, then hurried off to look after his preparations for to-night ; " for," said he, " after a long rest, such as I have had I have to pull myself together to make the thing go smoothly." 