WHISPERS AT THE WINGS. -m.Brms.-'. Wwttregllfyejy jitue toprije about the ttowa as they are going along jnzt now. Tbe bill is that at the Alexandra, where a 171 tell you later on. Bob M'Wade is show- 'pK far die first time in these porta At the Royal, Harbor Lights is ehining with that OMirtd brilliancy, which guides manv safely into tbe Royal refuge. Then iso t iflything more really to write about it, except tnatH. H. Vincent is all beaming emiles in the front of tbe bouse over tbe basiuess they are dtoag. There's one thing I'm a bit surprised at, the firm producing a new, strong aovelty attach of their houses. Bot I suppose it's a rene of having too mxny players and plays knocking about, and tbe ghost must walk. You see that they are to put ouTbeSilver the Royal on Saturday, and from «vbat I veeeen of it I think itH he popular, as there's go and good stuff in it. Of couree you re aware it's by Sims snd Pefetitt, and it was produced at the Loudon Adelphi in Dumber lost with Will Term, Cart wright, J. L Shine, Olga Nethersold and Clara Jedcs m the principal parts. Before hand. 111 let yoa into the secret of the plot, and do it .pretty briefly. In a happy boom on Richmond- on-Tbunes, we find young Brie Normanburet, beir to a parage, married to a Mexican woman nam'-d Lola, whom he has met in Paris. and who has fatally fascinated him. But un luckily, his wife turns out to be a wicked adventuress, and formerly the mistress of a Mexican desperado, Marcos Voiles, whom she has betrayed to tbe police. So horrified is. Brie by this discovery. that be determines to leave bis ..borne, and seek forgetfulnea abroad. Friends of bis are going to seek tbeir fortune in Mexico, and be Is indaoed to go there also, and devote himself to gold-mining enterprise. There be meets with an accident, ana fa nursed bj a charming ?irl named Primrose East-erbrook, with tbe cevitoble result that these twqyoung people fall in love with one another. He dare not de clare bis love, not being free, and of course be thinks be does not show it. Bat Prim rose is a woman ana sbe understands ; but when she overbears him say tb&t; she can never be his wife, she fa much troubled. Thing night right themselves in time, as Brie determines togo away; but he has a partner, one Dick Redmayne, who is a double-dyea scoundrel, aud whether he has any motive or not, u wicked merely for the pleasureof St. This Redmsyne desires Primrose for his own, though not matrimonially, but he also yearns to find a large quantity of hiddea gold that belonged to her murdered father, and the eecrfet of which is known only to the man who took part in the robbery Marcos Valles, Lola s paramour. To rait bis own ends he bis written to Lola to come tc Santa Rosa, where her husband fa ; but Marcos Valles has been misled by a report ber death, aud Hsb also come to Santa Rosa to try and discover bis betrayer. He meets Eric, and tells him Lola Is dead ; then to make re paration, gives Primrose a plan sbowiog where her dead father's gold is concealed. This plan Redmayne attempts to steal, but is pre vented by Eric, though he gate away with a useless half. Everything now promises bap- pines, and Eric aud Primrose are married ; but on their wedding night Lola turns up alive, her unexpected appearance nearly driv ing Eric out of his mind. He promises, if she will not reveal tbeir relationship to Prim rose, to go back to England with her, but be is spared this ; for after he has led a successful expedition against a band of gold robbers be- trayed by Redmayne, and Primrose's gold has keen discovered, Lola is murdered by Marcos in revenge for her treachery ; Redmayne is lynched by the miners for hie many misdeeds, and Eric receives letters from his uncle. Lord Avondalc, telling him to bring Primrose home for a happy wedding in England. Such fa the story of The Silver Falls. There are two things I may whisper into your ear about Tbe Silver Foils. The one is thst the story of the drama is taken from real life, being founded on certain incidents in the career of a well-known English nobleman, who married a lady of doubtful character. The other fa that "they say" the firm paid L600 for the Australian rights of the play. There you are now , quite fixed up to go aud see tbe piece on Saturday, Jack in the Box and Jennie Le are draw ing well at the Princes'. But these are the last nights of it, aud on Saturday, as I'm ju«t going to tell yoa, there is to be a'cbange of programme. Saturday night will bring about the debut in Aubtniis of two new artists of some note— Jauet Achurch and Charles Charringcion — and the production of a play which has caused a good deal of talk at borne. Already I've told you all you want to know about the new players who appear at tbe Princess, and given you an idea of the play. As the drama is to be pre sented to you tbis week, I'll tell you the plot. First, however, as there's something of a "new tcnool/'eofar as we are concerned, in thestyle of drama, let me say a word about the author. 1 "1# tben, Senrick Ibsen fa a man of about 50 ?®are of age, and is the representative dramatist or Norway, bis native country. He was orignally on apothecary, bit his bent was poetry and scholarship, and so be devoted faimseJf to them, A lot of things in the shape of poetical compositions and dramas have come, from hta n«r». «riri If rmi rsr rea" finv of them, get a hold— and it Jl only cost you a shilling at Cole's— of bis latest works, including Tbe Pillars of Society, ftipch was only produced in London thf> othr W'eek, in the Chamclnt Library. The original u- u 0 toll's House, Ec Dukkehjeui. which you are to bave on Satur day, has been previously seen under other names on the British stage. Two other versions of this play of Ibsen's have been fiven in London. On 3rd March, 1684, Messrs Lenry Herman and Henry A. Jones's adapta tion, which they called Breaking a Butterfly, was produced at the Prince of Wales's, trieu called the Prince's Theatre, while Nora, Miss Lord's play,founded upon tbesaineoriginal, was tned by emueura calling themselves "The Scribblers," on 26th March, 1885, attheSchool of Dramatic Art, now defunct. Both version, however, strayed from the original, and with good results as far as the lost act is concerned. Mr. Archer's translation has been reverently accomplished, and, for the first time in English, Ibsen stands revealed. The story of A Doll's House is simple enough, Torvald Heliner, an empty- headed, self-loviog man, has married Nora, tbe daugh ter of one who had been a forger, and whose life was a living lie. According to Isben's theory, the wife of Helmer inherits ber father's sine, though she is perfectly innocent of their enormity. Husband and wife are) exceedingly happy io tbeir own. love, and in that of tbeir three children, who ore appareutly worshipped by the mother Helmer'e life has been saved by Nora, who knowing from her doctor that change of ai, was necessary to her husband's safety, has obi tained from one Nil Krogstad a sum of L3001 giving in exchange an LO.U. supposed to he signed by her father. With this money tbe young wife is enabled to take ber husband away to gain renewed health. When the play opens we find that Helmer bas been made managerof the bank in which he has ao long worked. Immediately upon bis promotion the new manager nets to work making changes. First of all his dork. Nil Krogatad, must go, for be dislikes tbe man. Krogtad, it appears, fa one not to be trusted, hfalife will not bear too stroug a light to be thrown upon it; bnt he bas held to his position in the bonk as a mark of respecta bility. At once, therefore, the clerk seeks Nora, and b'gs her to persuade her husband to reinstate bim. Nora refuses, and tells tbe man qbe dfalikes him. Krogatad thereupon becomes brutal, and tells Nora the T.O.U. she gave bim is a forgery, that she has forged ber father's name, and that unless she can over-rule ber husband's will concerning him (Krogatad), he will make ber suffer for her crime. Nora does try to coax ber huiband, but Helmer, who hasnever consulted or talked with his wife on business affairs, refuses to bear ber, and laughs at her request. As a result, Krogstaa drops into Helmer's letter box the statement concerning Nora's crime. It fa now Nora's sole aim that ber husband shall pot off reading the fatal fetter, so she forces him to play an accompaniment for ber while she performs a tarantella that she has been learning to dance for tbe amusement of the guests at a ball to which she and her bus- band are gcung on tbe following nigbt. Her plan succeeds, and Helmer permits the letter to remain in its resting place. The following day passes,and the dance takes place. Late at night tbe husband and wife return to tbeir rooms, tbe former somewhat elated with his wifeb aucoess ; Nora silent and morose. The time for exposnre hat come, and the miserable woman has made up ber mind to oommife suicide, but before sbe con escape her husband scope her. He has read the letter, be knows «U, and in a perfect torrent ot abase be aocusee his wife of ber crime. He tells ber that like her father, sbe is a forger and a liar, and aasmcb will contaminate her children, who most become as she. Nora remains as if in a dream and utters not a word. At this moment another letter, also from Krogstad, arrives. The writer, having been aooepted by a woman : be had formerly loved, has made np bis mind, at the request of bfa future wife, not to farther molest Nora. He baa, therefore, returned the LO.U In a second of lime Helmer entirely change bis condocL He will forgive all ; Nora mast think no more of it : all is past — the world will know nothing; they will be to each other as before. But a change has oome over tbe wife, a "miracle" haa hap pened. For the first time the sees that ber marriage bas been a mffitake, that Helmer and she are not suited to each other, and she coolly tells her husband so. In vain Helmer pleads ; Nora is deaf to bim. He fa not fitted to be her husband. She haa, be says, been living all the while with a stranger, and has borne bim children. Sbe camfOaiBi about tin way hettMbeco treated dunng her life. Her father looked upon ber as. wuLjand her bnsbood- bas'done the same tiung. 8behu something elce tblive for. Wbat are loving, affectionate children to ber? Whakefiea she fora bappy bcmeVNo, sbe most go. And despite her husband's ery that she will remain, cold-hearted, calm-headed Nora, who but the day before wa a foolish, wild-brained girL gore out into the dark night to commence tbe battle of life alone. Tbe husband sinks into a chair aad bitterly be moans bis lot. Presently he waves his bands above hia bead aad crim out, " Ah ! the miracle," and tbe play is ended. He piece was originally produced at the London Novelty Theatre in the beginning of June last, and both Mire Acbureh and Charriogton were in the cast, and the former made a big hit as Nora. Here they have been aasidouely rehearsing it for some time and you will see it with a strong cast. Johnnie Sheridan shook my hand as if it were a pump handle when I congratulated him the other day ou the big bis. ta« v-as doing. And they tell me Fun on th« Bristol never took the same money here as it' doing now. I remember when Johnnie first produced it at home—I think It was in Liverpool. Wu it ? Well, I'm not sore now— with Waldron, who isnowthe lessee ofthe GlisgowPrincrea's, and that sweet, young thing. May Livingston, nnd— oh f I forret them all now. Arid vnn can see bow Johnnie has worked .op that part, and makes it stand out in bolder, if just a trifle less artistic, relief. But it' n big bit of laughter, and you should ju«t hear the ripple that ran right through it nigbt after night now. The show could run for s while yet, but they have to " vamoose tbe ranch, " as the Yanks would say, on Friday. After that, Johnnie and his people do a bit of touring under tbe MaoMabons, opening at Ballarat uu Saturday. Tf you haven't teen to see BobM'Wade's version and performance of Rip Van Winkle at the Alexandra it fa yonr own fault and ymir loss. Certainly on the first night it may have been because you were a bit late ; lots of imuicy was turned away on Saturday, and <>u'r new actor bad about a big a rrv.fptMo. as any man coald ever wish for. The only twi new fac in the company are his and Mi-s Loufae Halbee's ; all tbe other ports are Icfc to w«0l-known people, and I confess that they all play pretty much the same ss iu- every other part I have wen them in. Som<; shout, some whimper, some buttle, and all ari> recugnio&bl.; MWade bos brought us a real good version of the old plsy, in some respite supdricr to Boucicault', and sometimes, weaker. But there tbe story fa; drams tised by a practical man, who has bad the opportunity of noting : and correcting the weaknesses of the better < known _ version. I have seen other Rips in other days, but noue whom I like better than M'Wadp. He has ease, with power, all the way through; hia rendition of the character is marked by intense appreciation of the points of the tory. and the humor, the tenderness tlm pathos of the various scenes are just sufficiently accentuated to compel ute to say that his is a masterly performance. My chief regret is, not that M'Wade is not better supported, but that, however sup ported, we are not likely to have liiui long with us at all. All the Iiousp are engaged for a long whil.% so that M'Wade ha« fallen on rather unlucky times for bis venture. How ever, be must go iway and come back again. A to Miss Halbee, of cours- 1 have had the advan tage of seeing h<>r a second time before writing about Iut, and I am rejoiced to pay thnt there is a very distinct improvement in her Ed.i nnd Christina. .She has a natural and iut< liigcut style of acting — that was tnanileot hum the first, and although shs |ioke under Ires advantageous conditions on Monday night than on Saturday she was much more distinctly heard. By the wav, how like she fa to Florrv H&rcourt;/frciallv I mean.nn l from the circle, especially in the first act. Th" two kiddies, Mabel Jlu-seH ;v«l M \v ii-unu have been highly i o.- tue truly childish way of their ituuup, the former especially, on her mock h»Toio>, whilst the thunderttorm is raging. What a- storm, too ! about the worst 1 ever heard — the worst for a stage production 1 mean. For the rest, tbe scenery is very gcod. the gpucral effect is very pleasing, and, ns I said before. tbe regret fa that so sterling an actor cannot find a home for a longer Reason. Latt night Acting-Governor Robinson and his nartv were there, and ap parently enjoyed the performance muchly, and so far as iny personal kn iwl«>dge of Lord Hopetoun goes 1 think he will be sorry that he was not here in time, Did you notice that M Wade has poetised the crtiz of the piece this way — Up in the mcontAius. fllumberiog lor years ; Awake and forgotten, Joy mingled with tears. The rest of tbe shr.ws maybe summed up very briefly indeed. Snaralle fa haviug most appreciative audience indeed at the Athenaeum. They're not so numerous as I should wieh, bftcau» he's alike an artist and a gentlemun. Monty Bruu ne fa doing bis beet tor biui. Then the Cyclorama continue to draw. There i considerable joy witb Hicock'rtand Marshall ov-r Die buainees at the St. George's Jlsll, where "Jolly ' k- "« » lauph Aft ever yon bad. Doesu't he now! Up the way at the Royal Museum Friedman was teifingme thev are doing wonderful busine everyday. 1 know there's always u big crowd when I flash around there and bb I've said before its a dashed good ehnw at the money. These are all the things to write about because the Victoria Hal! fa closed this week, but opens on Saturday under new management. Oh, do you notice bow everyone fa rushing to give lientfits for the dock laborers. Well, though I don't be lieve iu it, I'm glad the profession arc sending round the hat at last for others than them selves. Why ehouldo't they have an Hospital Saturday or sotnethiog ? Eh ? Warner fa doing admirable business up at Sandhurst, and isn't he a lucky fellow ? I'm onen to bet that up titl now he has banked over L10,000 from his Australian rngagetrients, and that's more, an old Btnger was telling jue, than any other "star" who baa radiated this portion of the rakluuary planets haa ever done. That ought to be good enough for him. But he's been knockmg over the Sandhurst ueoDle entirelv with ThitiL- One night a wife and husband both went off in a faint, and on another evening a woman in tbe stalls hod her nerves eo strong up that at that part where Coupeau after theresigteuce struggle to seize tko bottle puts it to his mouth, rose up aad cried, " Don't take it 1" There was a little kit of a scene ; but there was a greater ooe on Friday night when Grade Warner fainted in the second act of Drink, uid her father caught her in his arms. The curtuu bad to be lowered, but the lassie auon recovered, and the per formance was resumed at once. Last night tbey were playiug Never Too Late to Mend, and this evening the Warner wanderers make their last appearance, and Charles of that ilk takes a benefit. They come down here and cross to Tasmania. Milu'e announced re- opening at the Opera House on Saturday, promises to present an artistic, in every sense and department, 6j>ftctacular_ treatment of a Sbakpetean play. Besides a big quantity of scenery and paraphernaUaappropriate to the poch ofthe Othello ideal time,Miln will introduce upon the stage the romantic effect of a Venetian canal and gondolas gliding hither and yon with parties of merry-makers, singing chorus songs, and lendiug a lightness to the opening of tbe play, of which its ordinary treatment deprives it. We are accustomed to 200 or 300 tons of real water in the Lights of London, or to a canvas tank for Carrie Swain to dive into, but here we have a legitimate and appropriate use of water upon the stage. Milnwill be supported by Louise Jordau,Kate Danglas, DoagIa,Grrena way and a large staff of efficient and well-trained subor dinates. I've just a kvfs faint recollection of G. V. Brook at home, aud I've had to write of Salvtni's aud of Irving's production of it, and Ishall have interest in Miln'a doings. Over a thousand yards of real plush will be used in draping the Senate scene, and tbe enterprising manager seems determined to do everything upon the same generous scale. It ia to be hoped that the theatre-goers of Melbourne will sustain Miln in hia attempt to do good work in a way. Horry Lynns resumes bfa old position aa manager, and he's the right man in the right pfaae, too. From Hany Bracy 1 hear all aboot tbeir season at the Alexandra here, but I mast keep a "bit up my sleeve. " However, I will tell yon that they open ou the 2Ut with tbe Beggar Stndent, and wil keep it up with Faust, Montana Bohemian Girl, and probably The Sultal of Mocha. Bracy, Boxei, Aston, Lilian IVee and little Graupner ore, of course, in the company, and Harrison oonductt. It V Johnnie Sdlomonk venture, and was fixed up when I told you he was here last ; and I wish them the same encores they have been having iu Sydney. There now, Harry ! Willie Jinlons, who jut came 'back yester day, tells me that Rickarda, at Broken Hill, created quite a sensation, the receipts totting up more than any previous ehow that had been at the Bamer. The front seats were much larger than tbe cheaper ports of the houre. JinkittB leaves foxgN. Zealand to-day by tbe Te Anau, the company opening at Dune-din for 13 nights, thence to Cbrisccborch, Wellington, Napier and Auckland ; and, after some utera- none, at the School of Axis, Sydney. After an entire rencvation, Richards will open ont again on Boxing night. Theooe to Queens land which will finish the tour of tbe prraent company, who will nil few England about May n! next yea& Jtakards-axpeetatowp6n tbe new Mribourue theatre about June witb ; os entirely new company. My Sydney pal sends me thfs : —Somehow BrougWiKl BwcIcnIi always manage to etrike onitthing go-jd in their new piece. Tbe " Silver Shield, " onof Grundy's most recent efforts, fa both solid aud bright, and should be good for a long run. The author must have been on pretty good terms with himself and everybody in general when be turned tbe piece out. He couldn't well have bettered any part of it. Properly speaking, it's a comedy drama, the two being blredea most happily. Tben the right people have been choen to intorpret-tbe character, and the result fa that tbe cwy little Criterion now holds oaeof tbe most genuine and enjoyable plays of modern days. A great deal devolves on Mrs Brough, uho, in the cbarscter of Alma Blake, an actress, give? a brightjiealeby interpretation of Ihe part. Sbe is the genius of tbe piece, in fact, and beside octing with great grace and judgment, just looks charming in her faultlessly arrang-d costume. But it must not be imagined that the "shield" fa some character affair. Broogh himself represents in Dodron Dick, a theatrical manager of the old- school, who think one play a good aa anotlier, only he will hove those of snccesafU' authors. Percy Lvdall has rather an ill-fit. ting rote as Tim Potter, aud look a bit uncomfortable accordingly. As iSi Humphrey Ohetwynd, A. T. FGilton is a. home, and so also is Simmons as his son. Th Rev. Dr Dozer is a lill-iu sort of part, but Geo® Leopold makes a Iut out of it, while as hi wife, Miss Homer fa very successful. Mis Gil more does well as Lucy Preston. The piece fa full of ttnart things and they are got off with more than the usual reliflb. This week finishes up Solomon's Opera Company for tbe present. The Beggar Student wab revived fast week, and filled the fiouse every time, but in response to requests, Faust (English), Maritana and Martha will be given this week. Katie Putnam and ber com pany have caught on well at the Gaiety, where Barry and Atiiton are busy taking tne dollars in. Tbe Old Cariosity Shop " hustles " alone at a creat rat"; Katie's quaint American accent amo excellent acting being very popular. J-'miclion will follow. The Pirates nave taken tiifmselves off at the Royal, where Dorothy now reigns, and in a fresh as ever. Miss Helen Kinnaird plays Mrs Trivet', aud W. H. Iniano, late of WiJJard and Sheridan, who has joioi-d the Royal, lias the character ol Harry Sher wood, in which he made a very auccessful debut. All the other old favorite ore all right. Sunday night the Hoyal was given up to addresses on bi-half of the London dock laborer, when L10I was realised. Miss Yon Finkelsteiu. who basbren unwell lately, gave one of her interesting addresses at the Centennial Hall on Sunday night on fa-half of Che Boys' Club, and raised L45. At on eutertamir.ent ot Foley's Hall on Saturday nipht Lift was obtained for the dock laborers' strike. H icks-Snwyer's Mmttrels, or a portion of threi, have gone on at the Alnambra. Phil Stuart, who piloted Frank Clark's show up nortii. has returned. The company plays to-night at Goulburn and then breaks up for the season. Julius Cscsar is seizing the public properly at Her Majesty's, which, wiib George Rignold, is about the best advertised house in the colony stpresi-nt. Ainotig other thing, tbey have got up a newspaper discussion as to whether «ji- not cil'-jar was bald. Luis of us wonl-l like to go bald-headed fur home of tbe w-i;. , Thanks, Patey, thanks for that copy of The Theatre, Three are two or rhree readable tliinir in it— a little too much verse perhaps ; nnd the photo, of Jennie Lee and Lll. Dampier ur- f :.crlui)l ; while tbe general get up i neat :>!!! uir-. 6»-Il a lot of tbem ? Ah! Charles iJrudicy's now the editor. Glad ! Brevity, the soul of wit, fa also often the r 'il ><f unconions humor, as witness this CutiLprebeiiiiivi- fteiiti-nce, which is taken from the bill of a Suuth London music hall ex hibited tbe other day; — "For the benefit of Mrs — . who during the past 12 mouths has lost hubband, horn?, and l»g. Young ITusuaud (in the theatre, to his wife); "Excuse ni", d"ur, 1 warn 10 go and see a man." Wife; "Sit down. George. I've got baby's nursing buttle with uie, with sonic liquor in u, and you can see a man right here witnout disturbing all three people." Sp%ak of tbe church and the stage amalga mating ! Jlow is this for high? It's an adver tisement from yesterday's jiapers, and runs thus— a USTHAMAX Chiireh Dramatic Society.— Initial J\\. Performance, Thursday creuing next, Temper ance 11 all, cty. This is a very Strong example of how thing are changing, and I'll pJV)' my shilling and be there just to show iny support of doing away with that cant nnd humbug which prevails hnr4iurchjuarteriigninMntag 