NO 110BBE11Y. Mrs. Christies was anything but an unpleas ant houso, aud tlio pcoplo who woro stayiug in it were anything but unpleasant. My precon ceived notion had been that tho folks one would meet in a boarding-houso woro of a doubtful sort ; at tho best it seomed inovitublo tlmt thero would be social cats purring inquisitively and treacherously all about. So it was a welcome surprise to find tho houso so different from my: anticipations. Mrs. Ghristio hersolf I knew but slightly. She was tho widow of a mining engitieor who had dono good Bervico to our family in niy father's days. Sho had set up a boarding-houso on Russol streot, and whon it Jiappened that I had to go up to town to consult my ' old college friend Marton, now a barrister, about somo- business, insteiid of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at niy mother's roquest. to Mrs. Ohristio's, not without somo misgtvmgs about tho wisdom of the step I was taking ; but I thought that anyhow it would ' bo a now ex perience ; and that was just what it did prove to bo eventually. Tho company was mado up of an Indian army doctor aud liis daughter, sho being a damsel fair to look upon; two Bpiustors from Shropshire ; a west country parson and his wifo ; Mrs. Ohristio's nophew, a clerk in a hank ; myself, and a couple about whom no ono know any-, thing— save Mrs. Christie, and sho not much — but whom every ono allowed to be the most charming aud delightful people thoy had met for many n day. Mr. and Mrs. walcot had travelled much, aiid woro evidently ..well read, .but thoy neither wearied one's ears with tho glories of Capri or Granada, nor pestered you. with talk about bdoks thoy had read aud you hadn't ; thoy made no display, and though brilliant conversationalists, tney wero just tho pleasant kind of pcoplo in whose company you could sit without wanting to talk at all. Ho was a tall, sparely built man, well sot up, with regular features, a man of fiuo boaring, yet not (jpiito like a soldior ; sho was hardly- so distinguished looking as hor husband, hardly so handsome ; lior features just missed regularity, but eyes and mouth had a fascinating piquaucy of expression which mado lior tho most attractive woman I had over mot : I thought so then and I think so still, though I havo considerably ex tended my experience sinco those days whon my mother guarded lior fledgling from tho attacks, rapacious or insidious, of every breed of harpy. But tho moBt pleasing trait in this couplo was that though so plainly dovoted to one another, and satis hod with their own company, thoy were not wholly eaten up with mutual admira tion jxthcir naturo seemed to have a sympa thetic feeling thut molded itself to suit tho dispositions of those around, without sacrificing its own Individuality. No wonder all likeu them; I was particularly grateful for tlieir courtesy, not boing blcssod in either looks or stylo; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and my fatlior's faco ; had it boon tho otlior way about, I should doubtloss have provcu tho social success which I was painfully coubcioub that I now was not. And it must havo boon out of pure good naturo thut thoy were so f riondly, for I had mado it a point with Mrs. Christio — whother sho kopt hor pro miso I don't know— that she should say nothing tO( hor guests about Earnshaw Hall, or the mines, or tho plate and pictures, or my mother's famous diamonds, or tno glories of a country houso that women lovo. Tho only ono who did not tako kindly to them was Marion. On the Thursday afier wo had concluded our business I prnvailed upon him to dine with mo at Mrs. Christie's, und 1 reinombor noting, how ovcryono seomed to be at his or lior best; oven Marten's sovere features relaxed, and ho showed himself almost more than courteous to the Indian girl, betwocn whom and ono of tho Shropshire spinsters he was sittiug, evidently quite satisfied with his environment, as ho owned whon I was 1 sotting htm back,' as they say in tho North, to his chauibors, but1- but — — ' But rao no huts ; what is wrong now ?' Why, thoso peoplo to whom you have taken so violently, tho Walcots.' What about them, Mr. Sonaor ?' Thoy gave mo an uucomfortablo fooling ; not that thoy look uncanny,- but I am haunted by tho ghost of some fordding rominiscenco, as if I had seen that woman's oy ea before — and I „ am suroT havo — but when or whero I. cannot recollect; imd I am equally suro they wore con- ' nected with something shaay— what that, too, was I cannot bethink mo; a hazy, indefinite recollection it was, but ono that clung to rao all tho while.' May I suggest dyspepsia ? too hard work indoors, too littlo exorcise.' ; 4 Maybo you aro right, but do you, too, uso a pinch of caution in cementing your how friend- Bhip. Good-night,' , A fow overlings before I wont homo, as Walcot and I woro in tho smoking-room, I risked him if ho would not bring Mrs. Walcot down to Eani8haw for a fow days It was noar tho ond of May, tlio May fly-fishing would bo on during the lioxt ton days? so that hero would bo something to do boaido Boeing tho country, which was magnificent ; tlioro wero a fow show placos for thoso who cared for them, and tho season was 111 its prime for drives ovor tho hills. I put forward all tho attractions of tlio placo to iuduco hira to como down ; I could see that Mrs. Walcot could hit it off with my not too oasily pleased mothor, cspo- ciallv bccauso boiug marriod she could not possibly bo a siren, und tho man had plenty to talk about, yot novor tirod ono with talking of himsolf. I was rathor surprisod then when ho hesi tated about accepting an invitation so unro- sorvodly given. Why should lie stammer, and I thought, positively blush and hesitate about BO sirapio a manor, eupocmuy uo h\> seemed eager to como. for bis face had lighted up clioorily,but was obscured directly afterward by a gloomy look, almost ono of sadness. T horo was covtainly a tono of distress in his voice ns he said, 4 Vou aro very kind. ray wifo— I know I can speak for hor— should greatly liko to como northward, but it is scarcely possiblo.' This carao with moro warmth of desiro to accopt tho invitation th/m depth of conviction about its impossibility. After somo further pressuro, evidently yiolding, at last ho said : 4 You aro really so friendly that it would be no Iosb ungrateful than ungraciouo to kcop baclc from you the roal reason why wo Bhnjik frni what, promisee. to; bo so pfeasanta visit; and what wo have seen of you m thopast week frees mo from any doubt that yp'u will not lot what I tell you go turthcr than ydurself. My wifo, to aiLo.u, jou know, I am duvoiodly atcucuoa, lius a Bad iifiKctioii. Until lior illness, two years ago, thoro was not a trace of what would now mono hor lifa un mtolerahlo hurdon wore sho not supported by our strong mutual afTcc- tion i.nd confidence. Aftor tlmt illness sho de veloped kloptonmnia. Till then tho most scrupulously honest and porfectlv exact woman I havo over known, sho now has a stran"o passion tor secreting, not anything and overy. thing, but only jowellory; strnngoly her ailment only runs in this groove. By kooping a strict watch, I havo hitherto boon fortunate onoiigh to rostoro whatever trinkets sho has' surroplitiouBly romovod. A fow intimates only know of our troublo, and, ns thoy understand how things aro, wo feci loos unhappy ; still ono is anxious, and this is why wo liavo rathor shrunk from accepting tho many invitations wo rnnpivftfrnm tbn frirmrhi wlm wn i..._ ______ 1 " uuvuu genuine regard for us.' I think you might reckon mo among thorn,' said 1, 4 aud now that I know aud am, so to speak, forowarued, why should you hesitate? I could tell my mother what you liavo told mo before you come, unless scoing something of a doubt iu his face— 4 you would rathor I didn't.' 1 To toll tho truth,' ho said, aftor a pauso, 4 if tho knowlodgo could bo confined to yourself I think it would bo better. Possibly thoro may bo no trouble wliilo wo aro with you — I am as suming that you would still bo willing to liavo U3— and thon thoro would bo no necu to liavo thus barod 0111 wounds.' ' Very, woll ; if anything doos happon wo shall find it out. aud you can send back whatever is takon, and then I can explain it all to my mother; and if nothing is taken, nobody will bo need not " know anything about , my mother's jowols.' 4 Pray, aro thoy very valuable or attractive ?' T3otli ; and ray mother is rather careless, as I think, about these treasures, which aro chiofly diamonds; sho will keep thom in a cabinot in hor boudoir, tho lost placo, sho says, whoro a burglar would search, if ono could got in ; tho windows look out on tlio cliff ovor tho rivorand our sovants aro trustworthy. Sho srvys alio will not have them long, and wo must, indulge an old womau's whims. Still wo will not parado them, or evou spoak of them at all, beforo Mrs. ;Walcot. 4 Yes,' said ho, looking rolioved, 4 that will bo best; wo will not lot hor know of thoir existence. AudiiowthatyouunderstuudaUIehaU bo happy, to bring ray wifo; only, by tho way, dou',t brcatho a word to tnadamo to intimate to hoi that you know what I have just told you; for, if sho ovou suspected you know, nothing on earth would iuduco ber to como northward.' f So be it. My mother will write — lot mo soo, this is Tuesday — you'll got her invitation on Thursday, so that you can accopt and como then our armiigoraouts will fit iff!' HI. A fow leaves from my diary : 4 Friday, May fiOth. — M. wrote to tho "Walcots ; marvellously civil. Signed deeds. .Lunch with Murton. Walcot choory at dinner, evidently pleased with tho prospect of visit ; especially M: had not forgotten to invito' 44 Venus," " Saturday, aist. — Down by 10.00 express, Wbndor of wonders, M. at station with piebald ponies; but sho tako3 marvellously to Mrs. Walcot. Two days' rain. There'll bo good water to-iuorro w, of courso, when -wo mayn't flu!.' " Sunday, Juno 1.— Lively ns usual, but tako tlio -Walcots up tho gleu in tho evening to ray favourite spot. Mr. Walcot is enraptured with tho place. Monday, 2nd.— Off in tho tlrizzlo to fish.' Really a good day, thirty-four braco of trout. Walcot not half a bad hand. Havo to lenvo tho woman-kind at home ; hope tlioy wou't got into mischief. Tuesday, 3rd — Aroally good day, fifty-thrco braco -and throo uca-fish. M. drives Mrs. Walcot ovor tho hill to sec tho iniues. 4 WodncBday, 4th — Sessions. M, drivos tho Walcots to U 11 os water. At dinner tologi'am for Walcot. Says thoy, or at least ho, 'must go early to-morrow. M. wants hira to lenvo mauamo till Saturday. Sho consonts; kooping Vouus. Tho dog's UHoloso as a guard; hoard tho boost Bnufliug in tho corridor durlug tho night. 4 Thursday, 5th— Venus rambling again ; heard her when stable clock struck two. touch Mrs. Wfilcot to fly fish in afternoon. ; 4 Friday, Cth— Much ae yesterday, but fish with Mrs. .Walcot in morning-//. Drivo ' aiter lunch. ' ; - .. Saturday, 7tli— See Mrs. Walcot off at eleven. Dreadfully dull day. Hope Marton anyhow won't dioappoint mo ; lio's sure to como as I asked him, now tho Walcots havo gone. ' Sunday, 8th — As per usual ; yot I survivo. Monday, Dfch— Here's a strango matter: Walcot writes that after all she did tako my mother's diamonds ; luckily ho foutid it out immediately ou her arrival, and has sent heavily iusurod by train from Lcainiugton to Penrith to wait thero, not wanting to; attract attention at Earnshaw by a registered packet of that size coming by post. Drivo to Penrith, find parcel, mighty thankful to got diamonds, quietly re place iu tho cabinot. By groatcst luck M,- liud novor disco ve icd their nbsonco. 4 By tho way, how did Mrs. Walcot know about tho diamonds? Walcot would not tell her, of course. Suppose ebo and the mater got talking, and thoy must have boon exhibited one of thoso days wo wero fishing. Can't auk M. ; must wait I supposo. Perhaps tho poor thing folt tho beginning of tho craving, aud coucoulea hor knowledge trom her husband; or,1 just possibly, didn't soo 'them till I10 had goiie. Howovcr, all's well that ends woll. . IV. ; Had all ended well ? Tlio night after ; Mar ton caino ho made many inquiries, over our pipes, about tho Walcots, and still scorned to nave an unaccountable projudico against , them. It was no good to bIiow now much my mother, also, thought of hun, and how taking, ., yot simple, bis wifo was, till at lust I grow quite warm in dofenco of my now friouds, and for proof positivo told Marton in what a. straight forward way Walcot had informed rao of his wife m failing, and how quickly ho had tukou fiains to remedy what had happened. Murtiu istoned very quietly to my argumeuU with hiB uplutix-liko faco, which, only us I concluded, relaxed into a grim smilo almost moro aggravat ing than his formor impenetrability. 4 What on earth makes you look liko that ?' I said, a trifio holty. Dear boy.' said Mnrton, dryly, 4 If I told you you would only be moro angry thau you aro now, so what's tho good ?' 4 Nay, out with it. I know I'm inclinod to champion my friends; but I should hot. you may bo suro, if I had not tho fullest coiifiuoneo in them.' 4 That is 44 pluin for all men to sco," and you will bo annoyed if I speak out, but I Svill risk that, for your wrath will noon blow ovor. My thoughts como to this : I am not euro thoro is not something wrong about thoso diamonds.' 4 Wrong ! How could thoro possibly bo ?' 4 1 haven't analysed the thing cloarly yot. Havo you examined tho ' stones carefully sinco youeot thom back?' / 4 To tell tho truth, I never thought of it ; only just opoued tho coso aud laid thom in tho cabinet as quickly and auiotly as posslblo. But what could happon to thom? Mrs. Walcot only left here 011 Saturday, and tho diamonds woro bnck on Monday. What could havo gouo wrong in that timo?' Nothing in that timo, cortaiuly ; but ' But what?' 4 Don't bo hasty. I was thinking By- the-way, havo thoso stones been seen by an ox- pert jeweller lately ?' 'Yes, not two months ago. Somo fastening had como loose whon wo woro up in London, und ray mother took thom to Roskoll's ; I was with her and reinombor what tho man said of thom.' 4 I'll ask ono thing of you, then. Let us havo thoBO diamonds examined. If thero is any thing wrong, it is full timo you should know. If they aro all right you willliavo a legitimate crow over me, and you may crow as loud as everyou like.' I still felt provoked with Mnrton, but horo was a chanco, indeod a certainty, of proving his suspicions unfounded, and allowing thut ovou tho astute Martoa was not infalliblo, bo I con sented moro roadily than I should othorwtso havo dono. 4 All right, but how aro wo to got thom away to bo looked at withoutmy mother's knowing r 4 Bring a man over from Ponrith or Carlisle when Mrs. Eauton is out, and ostensibly for somo other purposo.' And this wus what waa dono, Tho man for whom I aout bad more knowlodgo, us. I knew, than moat local jowellorsj and was safe. Ho catuo tlio next afternoon, aud, whilo my mother was paying a call, oxamined tho pururo with Marton anu myself. To, ray unuttorablo con fusion and horror, ho prououncod tho stonos no stones at all, but pasto, aud not very good pasto, citbor. r' . Marton did not ldugh now ; ho was too much eoucomod about .iqjt obvious , distress , and annoyance. To; find one's Jdol so utterly shattered was a stubbing blpw:;' hut I lm'd to crousq myself, for there .wero to' l>o con-' sulered. What 011 earth was to ho dono? Tho original stones- woro worth many thousands of pounds; I aid not liko that loss, but tho prospect of my mothor-o troublo, whon the truth becamo known, voxed mo infinitely moro. ; ' Anyhow,' said Marton at last, 4 lot us ;koop it quiet for tho present. : I havo uo doubt Mr. RawHtlioruo will say nothing about it to any- ouo.' ' Rawstliorno, wboin lio bad known for years, promised silonco, and I am suro ho kopt his promiso. After ho had gono, Marton' said : ' ' ' ' I don't know oxactly what maao mo sus picious, except tlio conviction that I'vo 6oen tliat woman boforo aud in connection /with something that wasn't straight. You said thoro wasn't timo to got those stonos changed between tho Saturday, tho day Mrs. Walcot left Earnshaw. and tlm Mondnv wbi»» ' vnn' n-nf. thom back. But liow, if it, wasn't Mris. Walcot at all who took them on tho Saturday,' hut ho 011 tho— which day did ho go ? Wednes day?' No ; on Thursday by an early train.' 4 Woll, if ho took thom on tho Thursday, ho could got them changed by tlio Saturday night; no doubt ho had tho lalso ones ready, or somowhero within oasy roach — Birmingham, most likely ; ho posted them, you said, in Leamington.' ' But how could tlioy liavo got tho : dia monds ?' I mado 0110 more struggle . in my unwillingness to boliove. 4 1 don't think- tlmt tlioy woro out of our sight at all, except perhaps whon dressing for dinner, una at that time my mother would horsolf bo dressing in tho noxt room with this intervening door open; and whon they wont to bed.' 4All! wero tlinv ill 1W1 n.11 nlrrlif. ? Vnnr bedroom is tho next tlio boudoir ; did your boar auy ono ontor, or any noise ?' 4 Nothing; I sleep soundly — by tho; -way, yes, but I did, I heard' that , wretched Ycuus snuffing about, and I told Mrs. Wnlcot in tho morning that Venus WftBuot much to dopond on for a guardian, tho creaturo rambled about so.' 4 What did sho say ?' ' 4 Nothing thatl remember.' 4 Bo suro ho got hold of them then, and took tho dog either to givo warning, or to ufford an excuse if ho woro found at that sido of tho houso by saying tho clog had slipped out and ho had folio wod to find her. A pretty picco of work you mil havo to got thom back. If you go at him straight ho will dcclaro tho stones aro as his wifo , brought thom, and tlmt you aro not acting as a gentleman should — that is wlicro I10 wifl havo you— in suggesting that thoy havo clmngod thom. So often husbands liavo sold thoir wives' diamonds and substituted pasto that lio can easily insinuate that you liavo had thorn changed yourself to spend on larks, without tho mator. vour atront. vnur banknr nr nnv mm being tho wiser, and I10 will say you liavo takon advantage of what I10 told you- as a trusted friend ; no can make out a specious caso, and a man of that stamp can invent othor fictions hardly loss annoying. Mrs. Walcot stayed alono with you I think you said, from tho Thursday till tho Saturday. I suppose , you don't mind spending a hundred or Wo over tho business if you can only.rocover thorn ?' C'ortainly, and twico as much for tho thing novor to havo happouod. I can hardly porsuado myself ovon now that thoy could bo guilty of such knavory.' Marton said no moro, but ; laid hold of a reply to which gave a plaufliblo oxcuso for his going off tho noxt morning, hud sinco I was too uncomfortable to rest quiotly at homo, I said I would go with liiin for throe, or four days. But there was aiiothor thing to bo dono ; tako tho tiinkots with us wo must, yet wo could not tako thom without my mother's knowlodgo. M.iTton'h readiness and decision solved tho diffi culty. Ho asked mo to show him tho jowols ; he thou deliberately snapped a bit of tho sot ting, so tlmt two of tho stones wero loosened. I stared in amazement, butho simply said k Wait,' and put tho case buck in tho cabinet. After dinner, as it wiis a raiuy ovening, Marton mado as though ho wanted to bo amuBod, and asked ray mother, liko a spoilt child, to bo allowed to look at her diamonds for a trout. Sho was rather surprised at such frivyoity on tho part of tho sedate and stern Morton, but of courso had tliom brought. As soon as tho cuso was opened, aud alio becamo uwuro of tho accident, my no thought about anything oxcopt how tho mis- < fortune lmd happened, und what was to bo done;, but sho was somowlmt pacified whon Marton suggested that wo should take tho set up to town in tho morning and got tho mischief remedied. I wish I had tliat' mail's promptitude and nerves, Tho noxt night , saw us in close conference with a detcctivo— - 1 hate thoso crawling creatures, but thero was no choico— aiid wo re view tho situation. Whero woro tho Walcots ? Sinco tlioy would doubtless brazen it out if 'directly challenged, thoy would probably not bo specially anxious to conceal their whereabouts. They hud spoken of returning to Mrs. Ohristio's for. a couplo of days, and then visiting somo friends before going over to Paris, bo Mrs. . Christio would probabi7 bo . ablo to inform us whoro tlioy wero, , Hud thoy tho stones with thom?; Wo guessed ho, and that thoso stones woro to bo > disposed of across tho channel. So ho, timo was to bo lost; if thoy went be yond seas, good-byo to our chanco of recovering thorn. How ou earth woro thoy ovor to ho got hold of ? VIV (Lottor from Mr. John Dono.), Keui'STON, Juno 18, 188G. Sin,— On leaving you after locoiving your instructions, I started for this placo, tho nearest station to Lytlio Court. Thero is likely to be considerable difficulty in getting a foothold at tho Court, but I decided to make my approaches us a groom changing hts place and takiug a few days' holiday iu tho neighbourhood, having lived as a boy at Nowmarkot, and knowing consider ublo about horses. Not to tako up too much timo to tho tolling, I may say I was soon at homo thoro, and mado frco of thoeervauts'-hall, whoro, by means of a civil tonguo with tho uppor servants, and a chiruppc manner with tno maids, being also able to sing a lively song, if called upon, Ibocamo frendly with tho lot, so could consider who was likely to bo useful, miu lUsiru viiu wttjo 01 ino visiLoro, 1 k>ujki juio. Walcot didn't havo 110 moid with lior; tho houskcopor's nieco, who was visiting hor aunt, lady's-inaidcd lior ; but Bho woo 110 good,' norvous, and 110 spirit about hor. Thoro was a middling lot of servants, what with tho visitors,' but at last I fixod 011 ono, sir, as you. might not think. SUq wqb an Indian woman — a nurse — a ayah tlioy call thom, to tho nicccs of tlio mistress, Mrs. Hamilton, as had como from India in tho spring. Sho was uncommon durk, rathor small, hut had a firmish look about her mouth, and her boadlsh black oyes missed nothing. I guossed sho would not stick at trifios, aud would know as woll as most our common Ianguago, which was pounds, shillings, and pence ; mid it seomod best to lubricate tho machinery frooly, Whou wo had como to an understanding how I wanted somothing dono particularly quiofc, I told' her who I was' awl what 1 was after, and how this couplo was suppobed to ho in possession of the stouos known to havo boeu changod. I wanted her to find out if thoy had tho stonos with thom, and if so to got them into hor hands, changing thom if possible for tho falso ones, but anyhow getting tho stones. Aud I promised a sovcroign down ou tho nail for overy fitouo, big or littlo, mid thoro was known to bo 157. You should havo Bceu her oyes glisten when I told hor how much it was in thoir mouoy, rupees, and whou I showed hor tho bag of shiners. I proposed wo should pretend to bi keeping company, and wo Bhould liavo nothing to botlior us but tho others' chaff. Sho caught on directly. That sumo night sho told mo in tho shrubbory sho had discovered tliat Mrs. Walcot dressed early for dinner, und ulwuys locked her trunks before coming down, and carried tho koys in her pocket ; tho littlo dog Vouus slept in thoir room; thoy locked tho room-door regularly overy night, and there was a small rovolvor in her drossmg-bag. Tho first supposition was that tho stones, - if thoy had them at all, wero in their trunks. Tliis I much doubted nfciU tho search had to bo mado, and to do this either tho locks must bo pickod or Mrs. Walcot's koys bo got hold of ; tho former altornativo scorned harder, as tho locks would probably bo well mado, but it would tako less timo than waiting to sccuro tho keys, and timo was an object. Accordingly I put into tho ayah's bands a bunch of skeleton koys to try hor luck with tno locks, and if thoy orfered no rosiBtance, to overhaul tho trunk's that night while thoy wero at, dinner. This Yonturo was successful In ono way, hut not in unotlicr. Tho woman's skilled fingers mastered tholocks, but thoro were 110 diumoudH. 4 Plenty of protty things,' sho said, 4 but 110 diamonds' ; sho had tho wit to boo if tlio trunks hud any secret rccexitaclo. I told hor to cxmnino tho high heels of hor shoos, tho thick ivory hnir- bruahos, and ull coils of hair, but it was no uso. Thon ho or sho carriod thom about ? Which ? Sho for choico, because if found on hor it could bo attributed to kloptoraania, which wouldn't apply .to hira. Beside tho complications of a wotnou'e dress afford htdipg, placos which tho sccrctiveiicsa of her characterdolighte in; ' Concluding, thoiij that sho had them nbout hor, wo hud theso difficulties to counteract: 1\. Tho prosouco of her Husband. ,2. Thq littlo, dog. 3\. Tho locked door. , . V . 4. .Tho revolver . ' 5. Finding tho whereabouts of tbo Btoncj. 'VG. Gotting thom. An hour's quiet-walk in tho lanes' settled my S lane. 1 I concluded that tlio .business mutfc bo ono at night, if it was > to bo dono without resorting to violent moasures, and ; 1\. Tlio husbaud. must bo got away for ono night. . . ,4 2. Voiuio must bo. dosed with a soporific (and lior mistress, too, if necessary). 3\. I know how to overcome this. 4\. Tho mechanism of tho revolver must bo disarranged- or tho cartridges damped. 5 and 0 dopended on tho skill and norvo of tho ayah. . And tho steps I doomed to tako with regard to each particular woro tlioso : 1\. To got tho husband off tho ground, ho must bo summoned away olsowhitherto by a telegram ; but from whom, so that lio would boliovo it gonuino and act 011 it ? I set Hafiyuh, that wub lior name, to watch tlio letter-bug— not thut ho was very likely to entrust anything important to that, which anvono might see — and then strolled down to pick up what scraps of information I could by hool: or crook at tbo post-oflico. And horo 1 had a. fine picco of luck. - As I ontercd tho office, whom Hiiouid I soo but Mr, Walcot liimsolf, just bunding in a telegram. 4 What's this namo V Barrett, is it ?' asked tho official. 4 Yos, it's plain enough,' was tlio roply iu a sharp tone of annoyance. B, a, r, r, 0, double t,' slowly spolt tlio un moved oporator, 4 and aro thoso letters E. C. ?' 4 Yos, can't you read ?' replied Mr, Walcot, very wrathfully. 4 33.0. ropoated tho man in tho samo monotonous way as boforo ; ' affix tho stamp, pleoso,' This was tho last straw. r you,', said my. geutloinan, aud quitted thooffico, slamming tho "door; tlio telograph man had to lick the stamps liiinuolf. That wasn't my busiuess, though I'd havo lickod a hundred stamps for tbo information I had got. Returning ut onco to my rooms, I wrote to a friond I oftcu work with to send this racssago without fail next day from somo offieo in tho E.C. district: 4 To Walcot, Lytlio Court, Kcmpston. Moot mo at tho Grand 10 to-night. Bavrott;' and I also asked hiin to despatch this at 9.30 noxt night: 4 Walcot, Grand hotel, Trafalgar-squaro. Had to go suddenly, Paris. Barrott.' I should thus got Walcot away, and too 'ate for bim to rotum that, night. Ho would como back noxt day without having his sus picions unduly rousod, and without < hunt ing up Barrott, wlioovor ho was, supposing him off for Franco. I gucssod ho would tako tho bait, because ho seomod riled at any; 0110 hearing Barret's namoin tho telograph oftioo. I warnou my co-operator by wiro tooxpect an im- portaffl lottor. 2\. Half a dozen drops of laudanum in a bit of chicken at 8 p.m. would settle Venus com fortably for tho night, and two or thrco in madamo's cocoatina would be just enough to make hor sloop rather heavily, 3\. I told tho ayah to bring mo tho koy of tho bedroom door at 7.45, whou tho guosts would havo sat down to dinnor. I had dealt with such boforo. Every koy of this kiud has a solid Btorn ending in a knob or boss, which Btands outermost 111 tho locked door; with a narrow fiat file I divided this boss vertically in a slit au oighlli of an inch deep, making it liko a sorow. By; inserting a small screwdriver or broken pen- jumu 111 uiu Hiit, it was possiuio to maxo tuojtoy rovolvo, and open tbo door ; in tlio samo way tho bolt might bo shot back again und tlio door rolockod, and apparently all bo just as boforo. Of courso tho lock should bo oilod so as to work easily. Mostpooplo think it safor to loavo tlio koy in tho lockj but this is no good if tbo koy has been filed liko tho ono I holu, and it nover occurred to Mudamo Walcot to oxaniino hors. 4\. With a liypodmoric syringo which Safiyah hunted up— it belonged to ono of tho fino Indies — I injected a tow drops of water through tlio papor sheath of oach cartridge tho rovolvor hold. Thoy woro flttfo onough now. AU theso points woro duly dealt witli; in tho first only did wo risk much, hut our chances woro ns good as tho onomy's, and as yot tho onomy woro unsuspecting. As flvo and six did not depend on mo I could only wait ; but I relied on tho ayah ; thoro was a look about hor slondor brown flngors that romindod mo of woudorful talcs of Indian jugglery. 1 wanted hor to tako somo chloro- wwu Ul UV<\\(LltUllU, UUII OilU UU3|)lDuU IiIUOi Noxt morning, soon utter sunriso, sho mot mo iu our usual walk in tlio sliruhhorjc with a calm faco, hut in roply to my inquiry : ' "What luck ?' unfastened hor hoadgor and pourod into my hat what looked in tho bright early Bun- shino liko a shower of Bparkling dowdrops. I said iiot n word till I had countod out into hor hands 157 sovoroigns ; and when sho had stowed thom away I asked tor tho history of lior advonturo. Tin's sho told mo at length, but I don't givo it horo, tor eho-hos to tako tlio chitdrou to London to-morrow, to moot somo other relations, and as sho will stay at tlio Arimdol at tlio Embankment, no great way from thoTomplo, I thought you, sir,, might liko to soo hor yourself mid hour hor tulo from hor own IipB. , Sho hud hardly ended when Bho heard a window opoii ahovo, und puoring up through tho screen of ' loaves saw tlio faco of Mrs. AVul- cot, looking bright and frosh in tlio oarly morn ing light. I'm a hard man, but I could nothulp tooling Borry for lior, docoivor though oho was, whon I thought how much on tho wrong siilu of tho halanco hor accounts woro likely to mako up. I shall rotum": by tho mill-day express, anil bring tho .diamonds to your cliamliors ill tlio aftornoon. — I am, sir, your ohediont'sorvant, , John Dene. Sidnoy Marton, Esq., Tomplo, Loiidoh. P.S.— -Wo woro only just in- tiraol I hoard at tlio Court this afternoon, whoro I strolled so iis'not to soom to loayo hurriodiy, that Mr.- Walcot wiis coming down by midday, train, and tlioy aro oft' to'Paris on Friday. \- " y-O J.D. \ VII. 'i ' . 'Well,' said Marton, as ho folded up Doiio's report,/' I supposo thut )b ubout tho ond of tlio business, oxcopt' interviewing tlio iiiiin and gotting tho diamonds. It is to hp hopoil that tho1 supplo-flngered Indian hasn't tricked Dono uitor nil and kopt tho gonuino artiolos horsolf. Dy-tho- way, I should rather liko to hoar what, that woman luis to toll us. Step down with mo to tno Arunaen, una wo wiu try to, una 1101V I did not much caro to hoar anything moro about tlio uhominahlu business ; hut us Murtori seomod to wish it, aud i wiis so indobted to him ill tho matter, I smotlibrod iny disinclination and wont. . . . ' Safiyah was not hard to And, and this is tho taio sho told us : ' As soon as I heard tlia gontlomon ilisporso from tlio smoking-room, and tlio houso at lost hogan to ho still, I crept downstairs, and quiotly sat down iu tlio window-sent at tho southern angle of tlio corridor. I hail takon euro to open tho casomont boforo, and tho night was porfoctly culin, so tliat I could catch whatever sounds enmo from Mrs. Walcot's rooms, as tlioy wero ronched from tlio opposite wall ; I hcaril lior talk to hor dog Vouus, " Poor dour creature, what makos it so sleepy then ?" (I could havo told lior) ; I hoard hor opon and shut witli a click lior travelling bag, anil soon followed another hard motallic sound, which I gnosscd cumo from laying tlio rovolvor on tlio littlo marhlo tablo by tho bedsido ; I hoard tlio clinking of tho spoons in her cup of oocontiiia, then tlio Bound of tho cup und saucer sot down: then ton minutes of shuffling, thon a long yawn — of which I was glad, for it inoant drowsiness— tlio light wont out; hut at this timo of yeur thoro is a dim Inufnr rlrnr minnirh to soo llV nil mailt. Soon ull was still. I wuitoil thoro a full hour, -that lior sloop might ho sottiod and (loop. Ncoct I looked to sco that all tho doors in tho oorridor woro closod, so that thero might bo! 110 draught to shut any of thom witli au awakening hang, though as 1 tlio night was calm, thoro was littlo chanco of tliut ; still it was woll to ho 011 tho safo sido. TI1011 with tlio small sorow-drivor Mr. Dono glivo 1110 1 Boftly turned tho koy, pushing buck against tlio spring, hut not relaxing my« hold aftor tlio rcsistunco was overooino, so thalrhoro was 110 sound ; thou I turned tlio handle nud as this, liko all at tho Court, was woll-fittod ; it mudo no noiso ; inoli by inch I oponod tho door, and at lust I stood insii'lo ; I hud nothing witli ino hut tlio bug containing tlio fnlso stonOB, a dolicato fouthcr, and my own skill and courago. 1 1 stood and considered. I could sco a litilo and hear moro ; tlio dog was breathing heavily iu hor basket noar tlio marhlo tablo. Mrs. Wub cot had lior faco turned tlio otlior way uud; was fast asleep. Then I slippod round tho lied and ODdorVfiU llio vmu uuuu. ut) uuuuuu uiu coquerlet, tlio other was placed boiioatb ber cheokiuifi mrtodltps, but whether it Jield any- thinp could not bo Moon ; nor, as oho then, lay. could I pass my h:md beneath tho pillow. And now begun my tusk. You havo heard of tho Indian thieves, and how, by making a slqopor toss about restlessly, thoy can steal uway tho very bed-clothos on widen ho is Ijnng. AU this I know and many another trick of hand- cunning. 4 And now, ono slightest touch of tho. tiny foathor, sho raovod her hoad; anothor touch, hor hand stirred ; a third, her head turna half around, and, hold IoosoIy in lior fingors, appears 1 in tho twilight a small loathern bag. Now for I tho tost of dolicato skill; hardly a" brush, hardly moro thau a fauning of tho surfttco of thoso slender fingcr3, and tho hold relaxes I; ' ) touch tho bag, tho treasure is tnino — no, not yet— tho hand slowly begins . to . doso again. Shall I snatch tho prize ? No ' such roughness ia only for clumsy bands ; lot bo- awhilo; yet ono moro subtle stirring of that satin silk, tho faintest ruffle ; hr liand onco moro uncloses, and remains unckscd. Softly I rnsp tho bag, untying the thick cord of silk, and bury it iu my pockot, whoro tho diamonds mako no sound us tlmy fall; then, withdrawing my hand, I uniastnn tho othor bag and insert it in tbo neck at hwvj, moothor- ing tho two in ray shawl as I reverse their posi- ! tion, to drown tho nolso of tho moving stones. .Andnow.it is dono, tho silken band is tiod again.— still olio sleeps peacefully-— and lastly- 1 . replace tho bag near lior hand as it was boforo. . Was it a part of my natural cruelty, or tho prido of triumphant skill, that made mo yot once inore toucn ber hand, which, an it opouod ana rcclosod again, graspuff tlio bag, to com-, ploto tho unhappy woman's decoption? All ovor now, savo mi easy retreat; 0:10 look around to soo that 110 traces iU'o ieit; softly I ' . opon tho door, softly poss through, uoitly clo3o it again. I go down tho stairs aud puss out into tlio cool night air, whoro 1 walked 111 tho Hhrubbcry till Mr. Dono camo, and I gavo ilnm tho real diamonds. Ah, Snhtbe,' sho1 addod, 4 you aro our masters, but you havo a groit, deal to learn from us.' » VIII. But I had un experience yot to oomo. Tho next morning Murton and 1 decided to fimdi tho business by taking tho stones, with tho settings, to bo replaced ; and whou that was dono I vowed I would mako my mother lcoap them in a safo; indeed, I had written tho night beforo to Guskoll, tho agent, to order 0110 suitable for tlio.wall m my niothor s bou doir. Wo wero just turning into the jowcllor » : whon — good boavens !— whom hliould wo moot . faco to .faco bub— tho Walcots! I Btauimowd .1/ .. out somothing, and folt, hot ail ovor, aud - utterly iniser.ible, liardly knowing wliothor I was Htuuding 011 my heels oriuy head ; and thsy did not seem much moro at thoir caso, at loast ' Mnrton said so aftcrwurd. IIo was calm a ad importurbablo, mid novor, bo said, onjoj'cd a scoiio so much in his life, though tho actors played thoir parts iu n manner that 'was beneath contempt. At Inst, niter somo of tho tritost and most trivial remarks, wo 1 got disentangled and mnnugod to say 'good- day.' Itwas natural to ino to ho awkward at a crisis, but thoy woro peoplo of tho world; presently, however, wo round what it was tlmt had 'disconcerted them. Wo woro just unfolding our business to tho jowollor, tho samo man who had. so groutly udmtrou thcBO atfines a few months boioro; ho remarked how inuch moro fortunate wo wero m our pos- sossiou than tbo lady and gentleman who hid juBtgono. 4 How so?' asked MaTton. ' Thoy wisnou to uisposo ox somo vuluablo diumondfl, thoy snid, and wo were not unwilling to become tho purchasers of really good stoucB, but when thoy untied tho littlo lualhom bag which contained thom ami poured thom 011 tho counter, I saw ut a glance that thoy wore , not gonuino stones, and told them so, I havo novor scon pooplo moro surprised or ninazod. Ho muttered 4 Aftor all that troublo,' but hIio had not a word to utter, in fact she Hcuincd (lazod and stupefied. Pray, can you toll mo, sir, who thoy aro, if I may tako tho liberty ; I think thoy spoko with you os you ontorod ?' ' Thoir namo is Walcot, und tlmt is obout all I can toll you.' was about ouough ; to any ono who know thorn it spoko volumes, ay, wholo libraries, didn't it i Anyhow, I think wo Iioyo boon 4 uihskIcs' with thom, as thoy say in your country, this timo.' And I thougnt so too. — John Raslow, 111 Jiol- gruvia. / 