CRUCIFIED HEARTS. ? ' » ? CHAPTER XIII. Liant AT EVENTIDE. The manager o£ the hotel, for whom Ed ; muad asked, recognised his foiTOer customer, spite of his strange clothing and Uronssod stin, and \velcoined Jiim heartily to Eugland. And even a tavern welcome seemed sweet to the wanderer exiled for so many years trom Home and country. His dinner concluded, lie readily accepted the manager's cordial invitation to smoke a cigar with him in his own room and hear the English news. English politics were pretty well exhausted, and as tho manager lighted a fresh cigar and .pushed the priceless claret across the table to his guest, lie said. — 'I always wondered why you nover answered those advertisements before, Cap tain Leland.' 'Advertisements ?' replied the young man. *' I don't know what you are talking about, Mr. Clarke.' ' Don't you V said the other. ' Why, for upwards of a year advertisements appeared in all the London aud Paris papers — ay ! and the Australian ones too, I believe, beg ging you to apply to Robert Mostyn, solicitor, Llaiiavon, when you would hear of something r '' greatly to your advantage.' ' By Jove J' cried Edmund, ' what a queer . start. Who could have advertised for me, after leaving my letters unanswered for more than five years ?' ' I should say it was your vmcle, Sir Mar \- -cos, who did so,' rejoined the manager. 'I don't know,' said Edmund, slowly, ? Ijetween the puffs of his cigar. 'Perhaps it was lady Olive,' ' Nay,' said the other, gravely, ' it could not have been tliat ill- fated lady. It is possible, Captain Leland, that j'ou never heard of the murder of your uncle's wife I' Dark as the room was growing in the sweet May twilight^ it was yet light enough for Mr. Clarke to see the awful, ghastly look in Edmund Leland's face, the stony horror in his eyes, as he turned them upon his infor mant. ' Dead — murdered !' he gasped, in broken tones. 'For God's sake, speak out and tell me all at once !' And then, very gently, for the look of dumb despair upon Edmund's face keeuly affected the sympathetic manager Mr Clarke told the whole story of that fatal Sunday evening at Lady Place, described in graphic terms the discovery of-the murdered lady's body and the subsequent death of the police sergeant, winding up liis narrative by an ac count of the discover}' of the jewels in the ruined pavilion by Miss Derenzy, aud finishing by narrating how Richard Lee had gone to his doom, unrepentant^ dying aud making no sign.' When he had ended his tale with no other : interruption from his hearer than a muttered oath or a bitter groan, Edmund Leland rose abruptly from Jus chair, aud, flinging liis cigar into the empty fireplace, said — ' I shall be off to-morrow morning early, Mr. Clarke, and may not see you again. I must go to Lady Place and see if my presence can comfort that poor, lonely, desolate old man.' ' Good-bye, then, Captain Leland,' said the kindly manager, cordially shaking Ed mund's hand. ' I am so sorry that I had such bad news to give you. It is a poor welcome for you, I fear.' 'Thanks, Mr. Clarke,' rejoined the younger man ; ' but I am glad I heard the sad tale from you. Horrible as it is, it would have been a thousand times worse had I gone to Lady Place expecting to find all well — all happy.' His voice sank and it was a countenance very full of pain and pallor which lie turned to the good-natured manager. With a silent handclasp the two men parted, aud Edmund retired to his couch to . be restlessly tossing from side to side, har assed by distressing visions of liis first love — the noble, beautiful Lady Olive, so foully, treacherously slain. Well, the broken heart was still for over now, the suffering over — past, For Edmund knew well thatj spite of the luxury and splendour which surrounded her, Lady Olive was indeed desolate in heart ! Well, she knew ' no desolation now. Early the next morning Edmund Leland was speeding as fast as an express train could bear him through the pleasant summer landscape on his way to Liana von. . How strange and yet how familiar appeared the peaceful English beauty of the scene. The waving trees, the upspringing corn, the hedgerows all a tangle of dog-roses and honeysuckle, the long lush meadow grass, starred with a thousand flowers. Far up in the pure azure of the sky, over which tiny white cloudlets were slowly sailing, the larks were singing their joyous hymn of prise, while from every thicket poured forth a flood of plaintive melody from the nightingales. Edmund reached the pleasant rural station of Llaiiavon just as the sun was beginning to sink towards the west, aud the tired labourers, weary with their long day's toil, were slowly trudging homeward to their cheerful homes, and rosy, smiling little Ones. After some deliberation Captain Leland had resolved to leave his luggage at the station, and make 1iis way over the moor to Philip Goodwin's house, from whence a message might very easily be dispatched to Lady Place. . Lighting a cigar he started for his long walk over the heathery moorland, aud past the clear lake, bordered by softest, greenest turf, -where he had spent long summer days fishing when he was a careless, light-hearted schoolboy, and Lady Place his happy home. The perfect peace of the sunset hour was brooding over Philip Goodwin's pleasant house, wlien Edmund reached the gate leading into the garden which immediately surroun ded the house. The broad, grassy walk, which he had so .often paced with Leland by his side, beneath arching pear trees laden ?with, snowy bloom, aud apple trees robed in tUeir perfumed piuk and' white (lowers, seemed peopled with ghosts from tliat dim past, as he once again trod its shadowy, fra grant alleys. Seven long years had tho desert rains fallen upon him, and seven years had lie laboured under burning suns in the far-off land, beyond tho ocean's foam, sinco ho had parted from his love in that old-world garden, aud heard there the last agonised farewell spoken by Lady Olive's white lips. At last he reached the comfortable house surrounded by the green verandah half smothered in lovely roses of every form and colour, mingled with trailing clematis, and the pure starry blossoms of the jessamine, which had been his pleasant resting-place iu the far-oft' past. His knock at the door was answered by Nellie, neat and pretty, us of old, with a bonnie, fair-haired boy clinging to her skirts, while a six-months'-old baby was in her arms. She nearly dropjwjd her baby in her astonish ment jit recognising Captain Leland, aud hastily she drew the returned exile into her comfortable sitting-room, raising her clear voice to summon her husband from the adjar cent apartment. Very hearty wiis Edmund's ?welcome, and nn hour soon passed in eager questions and answers, until at last Captain Leland, rising from liis seat, declared that he could no longer put oil' liis visit to his uucle. ' You had better send Nellie just to tell the good news, sir,' said Philip 'it would be sue! i a shock to Miss Derenzy to see you so unexpected like.' And Edmund readily agreeing to this proposal the young woman left the room to jittire herself for the walk ; while Captain Leland, taking his hat, bade Philip good-bye :md strolled into the park, in an opposite direction to that taken by Nellie Good win, The twilight was falling softly over the peaceful scene, the old park looked grey and weird, the scent of honeysuckle and roses per fumed all the cool air, and his footfall milking no sound upon the mossy turf, Ed mund paced slowly along. How often had he walked in this dim shadowy aisle, beneath over-arcliing branches, with Leland by his side — he would remember those homs until he died. Had she forgotton them. And suddenly raising his eyes from the flower-decked turf, he saw advancing towards him, iu the shadowy light of the young moon a light, graceful figure, a tender flower like face, which looked almost ghostly in that mystical light. It was Leland Derenzy ! A little glad cry, hands clasped joyously together and she was in his arms, clasped close to his strong, passionately beating heart, no questions asked, no reproaches given, only sweet eyes beaming with rapture, a tender voice uttering fondest words of greeting. This was the deserter's welcome home ! ' Thank God for this hour,' said Edmund, with rapturous fervour. 'Oh, my darling! have you indeed kept true to me through all these weary years ? I am a world-worn weary man, love, whilst you are in all your pride of womanly beauty. Can you really love me Lilly f Can she love him ? Ah ! that lesson has been already learnt only too well, and conned over and over again in loneliness and desola tion of spirit, when she had never thought to feel again his passionate kisses, the fond clasp of his strong arm. No words would come to assure him of her ineffable content, her supreme happiness, only foolish, foolish tears, only broken words from quivering lips, silenced by liis fond kisses. (To be Continued) 