Reminiscences of Gaol Life. CHAT WITH EX-GAOLER W. SMALL. By A. Well II. I had been suddenly attacked by a man, and the warders rushed to secure him. I or- dered them to stand back, and told the fellow if he wanted fight I'd fight him all he wished. He came at me with a rush and three times I knocked him endways—the third time clean out, and we carried him to the cells to ponder on his folly. Seventy-five men shut themselves up in the mess-room and refused to come out. I armed my warders, and sent to the local J.P. He was afraid of bloodshed, and ad- vised me to seek higher advice. I tele- graphed to the sheriff, and he referred me to the Inspector-General of Police. He replied, offering to send armed assistance, but I wired back that I had men enough if he would authorise me to get them out my own way. He did so. I went to the wood-pile and got the axe. When they saw me determined to break open the door, they surrendered and were locked up and punished. I soon quelled that mutiny! At this time I had for chief warder a strap- ping Scotchman. He was a Crimean hero, and wore a couple of medals. I don't go much on heroes after my experience of him. We had a Yankee prisoner against whom this warder was always bringing petty charges, quite unnecessarily it seemed to me. One morning he brought the man to me with some finnicking charge, and I was quite pre- pared to reprimand the officer and send the poor fellow to his work, but he was so fren- zied by the petty persecution he had been subjected to that he got on to me before I could open my mouth, and called me all the names he could lay his tongue to. That, of coarse, would not do, so along with the chief warder I walked him off to the dark cells. To reach these we had to go down a flight of stairs, which led right past my kitchen door. The warder had gone in front to open the cell, and just as the prisoner passed the kitchen door he sprang in, tore a big butch- er's knife from the cook's hand and came at me. I tell you plainly I don't like a knife; I'd sooner face a revolver, but it was no time to think of fear. As he struck savagely down- wards, with an oath, I threw out my left guard, meeting his wrist on mine, and sent my right with all my force on his throat, knocking him up against the wall, and before he could recover I drove the left into his ribs, and then seizing the wrist of the hand that held the knife, I called to the warder to bring the handcuffs and disarm him. Hear- ing no reply I looked round and saw the Crimean hero hanging on to the cell door, white and trembling, his teeth chattering, and his knees sinking under him. I dis- armed the Yankee myself, and when I hand- cuffed him I noticed that he kept catching his breath. I asked him what was the mat- ter, and he told me I had broken a rib when I hit him with my left. I know I hit him awful hard, I had need to, or I'd have been ripped open, and as he was against the wall there was no " give " to the blow, hence the injury. I sent for the doctor, and had his rib bandaged, and then reported the case. I was instructed to give my Yankee friend 50 lashes. Now, this was dead against my grain. I never found coercive measures much use, except against the most untame able of convicts. This man I knew had been driven past endurance by the spite of my chief warder, so I begged him off, adducing as my reason the high reputation the goal had earned under me for discipline without coercion. I was allowed to treat the case my own way, the result being that that man would have done anything to serve me ever after, and never gave another hour's trouble." " How long were you in charge of Berrima Gaol, Mr. Small ?" Twenty-three years. Some of my family were born there, and all brought up within the walls of a prison. Regular gaol-birds, eh ?" "It must have been a monotonous life for them ?" Not so bad as you might think. I had a buggy and used to drive them out, and they were well known in the town, and went out a good deal." I suppose you had lots of notable prison- ers under your care during such a lengthy period ?" 'Yes, I've had some big guns, and some bad eggs. Amongst others, I had the care of Bertrand, the murderer of Mr. Kinder. You've heard of his case, no doubt, although, he's been twenty one-years in prison, and will never get out. He is a real life sentence, and he deserves it. I can tell you a story about him." Do so, if it is not too much trouble." It is no trouble. I like to talk about my experience to a willing listener, and what I could tell would fill a book. This Bertrand was brought to me from Darlinghurst. Being a notable character I followed him into his bath. Every prisoner is bathed directly he comes in. As I stood watching him I noticed he kept putting his tongue up in his cheek as if his teeth didn't fit well. I walked up to him, grabbed him by the jaws, made him open his mouth, and there, bent neatly round his upper jaw, was as nice a tool as could be imagined. It was a clock spring with one edge carefully serrated, a perfect little saw that would have cut his irons like a knife would cut a parsnip. He was in a terrible state, fearing being reported, and begged me not to do so. I acceded, as he had brought it with him from Darling- hurst, and I did not wish to commence harshly. Some six months after this I was out in the yard one night when I saw a light in his cell. I rushed in up-stairs, and there found the chief warder and another holding Bertrand, who was frothing at the month and evidently in a fit, down on the floors I ordered them to let go, and sitting him up, I pressed his head down between his knees,causing a reaction. " Oh, how nice," he said. Then I sent him into the hospital, and the doctor blistered his head for a couple of days. I questioned the fellow as to what had taken him, when he told me the following story. " You know, sir, I can't eat very well, but the bread I cannot finish I put in a bag hang- ing on the wall, and as at night when I go to bed I take a piece out and eat it with a drink of water. That night, just as I went to reach up to get a piece, I distinctly saw a man and a woman come through the wall and glare menacingly at me. 1 rushed to strike the gong for assistance, but felt a blow on the head which floored me, and I knew no more till I felt relief from your strong, curative measures." "I never could make out;" continued Mr. Small, ''whether the murderer was sham- ming or not, but I really believe he saw the | ghost of his victim, Kinder, whose wife was Bertrand's paramour, and whom he shot with a revolver, and then put the pistol in Kinder's hand to try and make it look like suicide." None can tell. It was an awful truth that Shakespeare wrote when he said, There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Truly Mr. Small, the accountable, yet incoutro- vertible, would fill a very big book. " You're right, Mr. Well. There are few men indeed who do not at some time of their lives get a glimpse of the beyond, the un- earthly, that makes them cling to this they know and dread the future that they know not of." "Have you often been attacked by refrac- tory prisoners besides the cutting Yankee?" "Dozens of times, but I was always a match for them. And let me tell you a goaler who can take his own part with Nature's wea- pons, and does not allow red-tape to tie his hands, is far more likely to earn the respect and ensure the good conduct of his prison- ers than one who always falls back on his powers as a gaoler, and trusts to prison dis- cipline and routine punishment. It does not do the prisoner any harm, either, to have a stand up fist fight now and then. It takes the devil out of them, makes them feel more manly and less murderous. I never met one I could not manage single-handed, and a really plucky devil of a convict will always rather be punished in single combat till he can't see or chew for a week than be com- pelled to yield to numbers without a fair chance. Why, when I was up before the Royal Commission, answering charges that were all disproved, as that book, the report of the Commission, I showed you proves, I followed in evidence that of a prisoner who had sworn to my striking the men. One of the Commissioneers asked me, " Did you ever strike a prisoner, Mr. Small ?"' "Strike a prisoner! I've struck dozens of them," says I. "But do you not know that it is against the regulations to do so?" "Of course I do : but if I went by the regulations in all things you'd require treble the guard at Berrima that you have at present. Besides, I've always made it a rule, inside or outside a prison, that when a man put his hands up to me I'd get first blow if I could. When I'm going the rounds and a man with out provocation lauds me one for myself, do you think l'm going to call for assistance and crowd the man till he gets frantic with the feeling of helplessness under oppression and begins to brood on murder. No ! I just slip into him and give him all he wants in the fight line. There was a man named Slattery once, a big Irishman. He had got a derry on me, and one day when I was taking him into the yard he made a break for the wood pile, where the axe lay. If I'd stood upon ceremony then I would not be here talking to you now. I after him as hard as I could go, and just as he slopped to grab the axe I tripped him up, rolled him over and secured him. ' Ah, you old blankety dash,' says he, ' if I'd got hold of that, axe I'd have finished you! - Devil doubt him, he would, he would have cut me down for a certainty if I'd waited to measure off red tape. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 