ACADEMY OF MUSIC. " HAMLET." This Is the most popular, and by many pronounced to be the greatest of all Shakspeare's tragio productions. Although the story is one of a nature more than usually dark and drear, even for the foundation of a tragedy, still the genius of the author has woven around it a web of fascination which never palls upon the reader or spectator. The character of Hamlet is one of which generations of critics and essayists have written volumes, one might say, to prove or disprove the contention that he acted under the im pulse of madness. Many Shaksperian students of acknowledged standing have taken up a position to demonstrate that the Prince was really mad, and to a casual observer their arguments would appear to carry undoubted weight and reason. How ever, on the other hand it cannotbe saidin reality that the question of Hamlet's sanity or insanity admits of much doubt. The text admittedly shows the mind of the Prince to have been seriously disturbed through the circumstances of the death of his beloved father, and the perfidy of his mother, acting upon an annusually sensitive nature, but the proofs of actual madness are decidedly wanting. Those about him, with the exception of his friend Horatio, no doubt deemed him demented, but the author has taken pains to clearly show that Hamlet desired such to be the case for the purpose of furthering his own special ends. Take, for instance, the following lines spoken by him to Horatio and Marcellus subsequent to his interview with the ghost: Here, as before, never, so help you mercy I How sltrangcor odd soo'or I bear myself, As I, perohance, hereafter shall think meet To put an antic dipositlon on. These words can certainly bear but one significance, and that is that Hamlethad in his mind formed his plan of future in vestigation as to the participation of the King in the murder of' his father 1 and simulated" madness, otherwise "an antic disposition," comprised a portion of such plan. It must also be re membered that the above lines were spoken at the commencement of the tragedy, previous to any hint of the Prince s insanity having been made byany' of the other personages. Therefore, it would be safe to surmise that the court did not entertain any suspicion in that direc tion before the shade of the father had re vealed to the son the tale of the King's treachery. The King, in the second scene, in referring to Hamlet's bearing and con dition subsequent to his father's death, asks, f" How is it that the clouds still hang on you ?" This does not denote any sus piclon astomadness, butmerely anenquiry as to why he persists in such marked sorrow at his loss. Then, again, if Hamlet were really mad, would not Horatio, whom he makes his confidential friend, naturally refer to the' fact in some portion of the play in such a manner as would serve to set the question at rest once and "forever? But he does not, and those who believe his -mind unhinged, are for the most .part the very personages whom he evidently wishes to Smislead by furnishing them with grounds to etiterbaih sUah .an .impression. His tfectsidut of Opheliln mj at first appear as tje outdomnoe f lisanity proper, btlt here ai?a ".thqre's sitothod' in stich madneas: Hadhldt's faith in woiankind denefally had in thl firsC place sustlnied ar seero shock throggh the appa?lling treacher of his mother, and then, as a second reason; he probably, hlad t little faith in Ophoe li'e abilit't to kem'a segret from her inuistive father,, Asp very patural con sequence his demeanour towards her took the same erratic form as that he adopted towards all others, with the exception of Horatio. As a final testimony in favour of his sanity, let. the reader ponder over his celebrated argument against suicide, and ask himself if there was any likeli hood of suanch powerful reasoning being the emanation of a ," mind dis eased." No. Careful study of the text must' surely prove that Hamlet was a scholar, a philosopher, and a being endowed with instincts of a peculiarly fine and sensitive nature, but most decidedly was by no manner of means a madman. And this appears to be the view Mr. Miln entertains of the character, judging from his treatment of it last evening, The read ing all through was marked by intelligence and forethought, and in " Hamlet" the tragedian gave the public of this city his best performance of .the season, From flrst to last the rendition was, to a lover of Shaksperian drama, a most enjoyable one, and one which could he watched with feel ings of pleasure and deep interest, for there was much that was novel. and striking domptihed within it. ?r, Miln's Hamlet strikes the onaooko? , is being more iobdst thin . isfial, Ill wdrklige of the ast? ;i , attife, o lud at ht same tini s puittve mind 6f the scholsf: being piitured int ilvid oours; 'o hfle h imorbid ghoominest,th/wnoverthe thougitd and bearing of the Prinice by mid?u imper sonators, was in a great measuro ispenseO with, and properly so; It wan the descripi tion of "Hamlet" which sppeals, and always will appeal, to the sympathies of an asdimqco because the personage por trayed appoarsemore real; in iccordance with the prevailing idea of ?humuin nature,, as understood by those who enie n't tq penetrate into the ideal, preferring rather to accept andappreciate what may justly be regardqd as theo material, Byadopting this method of trqatm'ont,and thereby dispensing to a great extent wvth the mysterious side of the character, Mr. Miln holds up to his audience a picture they can understand and appreciate. The man is there before them with a deep wrong to avenge, his feelings harrowed up, it is true, but at the same time with a minid olear in all its bearings. Mr. Miln's best scenes included his interview with the Ghost in the first act, the dialogue with Ophelia in the third, the closet scene, and the finale. The closet scene was unusually effective, the entrance of the Ghost upon the stage being dispensed with, and a strong ray of light thrown on to the figures of Hamlet and the Queen instead. The sany notable soliloquies in cidental to the. part received due justice, and altogether Mir. Miln's Hamlet is a per formanco all admirersof Shakepearo should not fail to witness. The Ophelia of Misc Louise Jordan was a worthy com panion picture to Mr. Miln's Hamlet, the mad scene being roidered in a manner which bespoke a study of something beyond mere stage artifice, for all the stereotyped actions usually associated with the expres sionof madness upon the boards of a theatre were missing, and a " touch of nature" took their places. Miss Kate Douglas was seen to advantage is the Queen, and Miss Jennie Maynard was a good OGric, while as the Player Queen, Miss Nellie Greenless fulfilled all requirements. Mr. George Ireland made the most of the role of Clau dineus Mr. H. N; Douglas was satisfactory as Laertes, Mr. Greenaway fairly good as Horatio, and Mr. H, Hodgson excellent as Polonius. The Ghost, as pourtrayed by Mr. Collett Olson, was a meritorious perform ance, and th. romemaining characters were creditably taken by Messrs Walter Carlo (Marcellue), J. B. Atholwood (Fir?caotor), and Harry Hill (Guildenstern). "Hamlet " will be repeated this evening. 