IHovclist* The MidnigM Prophecy OB, ^ EEIS OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. ? . , . Hy Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XVE— (Continued.) J;. Bocaijao,l want to go mysolf. I must {- f-go'aud s|e that child again, and be sure tliat I am not mistaken. I must go, Judith ;, bo don't wasto time in words.' 'But, my' lady, I beg your pardon,' ventured Judith ; 'what will your guests minn r vvnac win my rora say, u no uuas it out ?' ' My guests may say what thoy like,' replied the countess, hor eyes blazing. ' I shall leave my apologies with Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh, aud I'll explain to the earl whoa he returns. I've made up my lciod to. go, and you need not try to dis suadomo, no matter how good your motive 'may. bn.' Judith ncquiescod with evident reluct ance, believing, as he did, in her calm and fur-sight wisdom, that the step her lady was about to' tako was rash and ill-advised and one which might lead to unpleasant oonsequoncos, to say the least.' The countess horself did not pause to oonsider ; sho only saw an opportunity to accomplish the supreme desire of her heart, and made liasto to embrace it. Since leaving the Tyrol, her impatience and suspense had amounted to torture. Sho could never rest, never draw a con , tented breath till sho wont back and as ' sured herself whether or not the boy bore tho Sratlispoy birthmark. If he did hot, and all her dreams and impulses were delusions, the sooner she i found out her mistake the bettor. But if he were hor child, her own offspring, then a great and perilous task lay before her, for ho, should -be reinstated in his rightful place, and proclaimed heir to the earldom of StrathBpey. .... . No passion is stronger and more der { ' termined than a mother's love; and this mother's love for that little outcast nurs ling of the milch-goat amounted to idola try. ' In her dreams, in her waking hours, he was ever present, and a single thought . of that little, warm, milky mouth that she . . kissed in her first vision, thrilled her with 'passionate tenderness. For this child's sake she was ' bravo, and willing to dare all danger — even deuth, if need be. : More than once she had thought over the expediency of revealing the whole thing to her husband, and entreating him to aid her in righting the great wrong. '' v But the remembrance of his unbelief in regard to her dream always chilled and repelled her. He would laugh at her for a weak.visionary creature ; and she would only unsettle his perfect faith that the boy who bore his namo was in truth his son. Sho had a tender love for her great broad cheated husband, and the bare thought of , spoiling his happiness, plunging him in ' 'doubt and conjecture, was more than she could bear. '??« , It' must, not be! Sho concluded, un * wiiely ; enough,: perhaps,; but j with the best' of motives, to keep it all from him — to shoulder all the sorrow arid weary sus pense herself, and follow the faint clew ., through the dark and mysterious labyrinth ;j alone and unaided. .7' But you surely intond.thatl shall go ' .'with you, my lady ?' veutured Judith, as : she assisted the countess to dross for her journey. ' 1 should be glad enough to have you, Judith,'' sho replied ; ' but I must leave you her*. There's no ono in this houso that l oan trust save yourself. I dare not trust my children in the hands of that Sundas ifoman;' Iimistrust and dislike 5ier more than I did at first, and I marvel that my rora persists m Keeping her — and ?lie in remaining1. I thing she brought me ill-luck tho first hour lever looked upon hor strango face; everything has yono wrong with me since thon. A strange faoo, dark and diabolical,' she continued, ' in'» 'dreamy voice ; a face 'one would not bo likely to forgot. Judith, do you think I am a sano woman,' or ara I really going mad as thoy suppose ?' 'Mr ladyl' cried the gin, uropping her biush ; ' what do you mean ?' ?' Exactly what I say, Judith. Am I j * sane, sensible woman ?' ?' ' Why, yes ; who says you are not ?' i ' Never mind. But the truth is, 1 think ; such strange things that I doubt my own i ;. sanity at times. Judith, did you ever I ' fancy that the awful face that glared upon i tne in my childbcd in theorimson chamber, ('? that night when my babe was stolen, F anight have been the face of the Dundai f; - woman?' \- «' Oh, no; no, my lady I' oried Judith, s in oonaternation, ?, almost beginning- to auitor w» woiuh. as- ? ? ? ? 'Well, I:have Judith, many a timo,' replied tho countess, quietly ; ' and the fancy . is growing vory strong of late. If I am not insane, I am very, sane, vory wise, Judith ; and I have no human soul, in the wide world to trust, no one to help mo but you. I must leave you here to watch tho Dundas woman, and take care of my children while I am gone.' 'But, for you to go alone— you, my poor, dear lady I' wailed the girl. ? ' I ain not a baby, good soul 1' smiled the countess; 'and! am more capable than you think. I am strong, and no coward in an emergency, deapite my weakness and babyish faco. So don't fret, my good girl. There — that will do. Ring for Sandford now, to drive mo to tho station ; I shall take the eleven-thirty train. _ Now sond in Mrs. Ohudleigh, if she will come ; and you must make all noedful excuses yourself. And— lot me see ? No, I can't tell . you when to send the carriage for me.' Judith obeyed ; and in Iobs than twonty minutes the countess entered her carriage and was driven rapidly to the station — Mrs. Colonel Chudleigh looking after hor from the hall-door with undisguised wonder, and tho Dundas woman watching her from an upper window, with an eager glitter in her black eyos. _____ . CHAPTER XVI. AN UNEXPECTED ENCOUNTER. 'Thore is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will,' Bays tho immortal bard ; und a most inaiignant and inisohiof-iiiakiiig divinity it seems to bo at times. But we niu it not atop and bewnil ovor tho rough angles and apintered fragments, but wait with patience till tho wholo is complete, and thou wo shall aeo that evory seemingly adverse stroke was needed to perfect and finish the roundeif life. ' To our human wisdom, it appears just tho consummation of ill-luck that Colonel Gilbert Vcrney ohould occupy tho samo train, indeed tlio sumo carriage, with tho Countess of StratliBpoy that morning 1 But the colonel did so unconscioiin of evil intent, it is true, but the effects of tho oc currcnco were disastrous enough. The countesBs was thickly veiled, and although she wub the solo lady passengor, it was sometime before he recognised hor. Ho established himsolf comfortably, read tho morning paper, and heartily wished this veiled female in Jericho, in his ill-humor at being deprived of his cigar. Not a thrill of interest or curiosity as to who or what sho was stirred his heart. The colonel had passed that stage of life whon ono takes an intorest in rail way acquaiutarcoB. Longyearsof soldier life iu India hud cooled the fever of his young blood. Ho was. now an eminently handsome bachelor, of seven-and-thirty years, a trifle cynical, intensely practical, and the betrothed husband of Miss Julia Berosford, heiress to tho snug sum of ten thousand a year, in hor own right. The colonel was running ovor to Paris, where chance or fate had stricken down a fellow-officer and bosom friend with typhoid fever. The despatch rcachedhim i cry morning, stating that his friend was dying, and had nead of him. Colonel Yernoy Btarted down by tho firat train, never droaming what a terrible construc tion would be placed upon his most humane journey. On and on they went, tho countess still closely voiled and incognito ; tho colonel poruaing his paper, and longing for his cigar ; on and on, through all tho seem ingly endless length of England, for the countess was going down to Dover, and acrosB the Channel into France, and from thence into Tyrol, following the route her husband had taken, the only one ahe knew how to pursue. And with every mile sho travelled, her courago failed. In the eagerness and ox- j citemeut of starting, the length and fatigue of the journoyhad not occurred to licr. She began to wish sho had hearkened to Judith's sago counsels, or at least consented to tako her with her. It was terrible to travel alone and unpro tected. But she thought of the little flaxen-haired boy amid the Alpino peaks, and her heart grew strong again. For his sake sho would endure it all. - At the first station the colonel got out and enjoyed his cigar, and returned to his seat in a much better humor. There sat this inevitable lady companion. 'Oanlbeanyservico to you, madamo 1' he inquired, politoly ; ' got you any re freshments, or anything of the kind I' The lady gave a quick start, shook hot head, and, drawing her veil still olosor, muttered an inarticulate denial. The Colonel turned on his heel, determined to leave her to herself. - They got off at Dover, in the golden hazo of Soptombor twilight, just in timo to catch tho steamer Calais. Tho flash of the innumerable gas-lights, and tho noise and oonfusion on the wharf, well nigh be wildered Lady Strathspey ; aud tho full sense of the terrible step she had taken flashed for the first time upon her. What would her husband sny ? She grew deadly, faint and tottered where she stood. A ?burly porter, hurrying by, jostled hor rudely, and she would have fallen but for the colonel's timely support. ' ?'My doar madame, do allow me to.'; assist you,' he exclaimed, 'passing hia arm about her. . r , For an instant the poor woman reeled, but by a groat effort she overcame her weakness, and stood firmly on her feet. ' I will accopt your assistance, Colonel Verney,' she said, as she raisod hor veil, and disclosed h6r face, white and faint from fatigue and intonse excitement. The colonel came to a dead halt, and stood staring down at her, ab if he thought her a ghost. ' Lady Strathspey I' he gasped, at last, ' in Heaven's namo—' 'I am going across the Channel, Colonel Verney,' she interrupted, with dignity; 'will, you have the goodness to ass'st mo on board the steamer ?' ' The colonel was a, thorough gentleman. Ho bowed deeply, repressing every voBtige of curiosity, and drawing her arm through his conducted her to comfortable quarters aboard the steamer. While he pacod the deok, half an hour later, puffing his cigar a.nd puzzling his brain to disoover what was the ? moaning of Lady Strathspey's unusual .mode of travelling, the countess came gliding to his side. ?'.Colonel Verney,' she said laying her hand lightlyonhis arm, ' you are wonder ing, nodoubt, what it is that takes me out of England in this run-away fashion 9' Tho Colonel bowed and smilod. 'I am a little ourious, I ^confess, Lady Strathspey,' he replied. 1 The sounUM stood silent for » moment, 'ooking up at themisty stars overhead,, her eyes full of deeji and Solemn thought. 'Colonel Verney,' she continued at last. ' you may be sure nothing short of vital interest would take me from my home and husband in ' this . fashion ; my mission aoross the Channel is one of life aud death — to my own heart, at least. I am strong enough of will, but weak' of body, as -e women' unfortunately are. I did not intend that you should find me out, but my poor, womanly weakness be trayed me. Perhaps it is as well. 1 need a friend. Colonel Verney, I am almost inclined to trust you, to tisk you to help mo'' She raisod her sad, appealing eyes to his face, and looking down into their starcy depths, tho Indian officor felt his heart thrill with' somothing of the old,, passionate admiration, that tlioso same sweet eyes had awakened whon he was a gay young guardsman, and Lady Mar guerite's lover. But tho colonel, as we have said, was a thorough gentloman, a man of sterling honor. And looking down upon tho woman he had once loved, helpless and in trouble, he felt that he could be all tho truer aud moro helpful in his friendship, because of that very love. 'Lady Stratlispoy,' he answereid, quietly, but with something in his voice that at once inspired faith and confidence, I am at your service, ready to help you in anyway 1 can.' If ho lmd beon profuso in his assurances, she would have hesitated ; his selfpos session and simple candor won her confi donco. She drow him to a seat in a shel tered cornor, and there, beneath the silont stars, with a dash of tho silver water in his ears, she began at the begin ning and told him all her Btrange story, wondering at horsolf as she did so, for an hour before he would havo boon the last man on earth she would have choson for hor confidant. Yet now impelled by sotno impulse strongor than lier will, she told him everything. Tho colonel listened with interest, and profound pity softened his keen, gray eyes.* Old soldier that lio was, ho could under stand tho deep yearning of the mother's lovo for her own babo. ' I am afraid, Lady Strathspey,' he said, when sho had finished, 'that you have been unwise in taking this stop. It would havo beon better to have confided everything to your husband, and suffered him to boar his share of the doubt and anxiety. I am an old bachelor,' he con tinued, smiling down upon her with pity ing kindness, ' but I don't bolieve in any conccalmont between man and wife. Your motive is puro and good, but your conduct is open to misconstruction. However,' he added, buttoning his coat and straighten ing his fine figure, after his military habit, ' if you are determined to go on, I am at your service, ready to holo you in any possible way.' 'I shall go on,' replied tne countess, firmly, ' I will not turH back.' 'Vory, well, go to your room now and try to rest. From Calais I will telegraph to my sickjfriend in Puris, and I'll Bee you safe into the Tyrol and on your way home. Good-night, Lady Strathapey.' 'Good-night, Colonel, and may Hoaven reward you 1' Hp Btrode away, and tho countess wont to her stato-rocm with a lightened heart. CHAPTER XVII. A WHITE LIE. j The Earl of Strathspey hold his word as sacred as his bond ; nevertheless he told, what, in polite parlance, would be callod a whito lie, whon lie avowed his intention of making a run down to Lon on. And white lies are about as dis-. astrous in their results as black ones, for if tho earl 1 ad not indulged in this one, ho would havo sparod himsolf many a day of bitter agony. Since that afternoon, when, as he galloped over the Tyrol, on his return from the shepherd's cot, that terrible suspicion flashed across his mind, Lord Strathspey had not known one hour of rest. He possessed just the temperature to seize upon a silly suspicion, and magnify it, and brood ovor it, till it grew into a torturing reality. The suddeu fancy that struck him, was that the littlo ilaxon-haired boy, with a face so wondrously liko Lady Pearl's, leas his wife's child. Strangely enough, it novor occurred to this gifted peer that tlio boy might be his child , and the one who bore his name,' ana was to bo his lioir, might bo an impostor. No such droain evor entered his mind ; ho fully believed that his own babe, marked with the scarlet cross, as somo of tlio male Strathspeys had beon beforo hitn, hatt been restored to him ; yet he harbored the foolish sus picion that tho little Tyrol lad, whose face haunt'ed him day aud night, might be the child ol his countess. He, herhusband, thus dishonored hor by a slanderous sus picion, yet if any liviug boing had dared to uttor such a thing in his hearing he would have struck him dead at his feet. Once in his mind, the fancy haunted him liko a fiond. How olse could ho ac count for his wife's visit to the cottage, for her strange couduot,and above all her obstinaoy in refusing to confide to him the cause of her unrest and depression ? At last the poor man'B torture grew to be unbearable, and he det'orminod to go back to tho Tyrol and solve the mystery. Ha would'find some way, either through fear or bribery, to force, the sooret from the glib-tongued old woman; and he would seo the child again, and judge by its age and appearance whotherhis terrible suspicions woro true or false. . Accordingly, he made his arrangements, and uttered his white lie about his run down to London; But instead of going to tho metropolis, he went straight to Dover Harbor, and cross d the Channel by the first steamer, little dreaming that the very next one would bring his wife over. From .Calais ho started direct for the valloy of the Rhetian Alps ; but mid way, at a littlo wayside inn, ho fell ill. His constitution was like iron, butitsank beneatli the inccssant mentul torture he had endurod within the last few weeks ; and for two nights lie lay prostrate, scorched with fovor. In his .delirious, midnight dreams, he began to- think of death, death far from home, and wife, and children ; death, with this hideous sus pioiori in his soul. His wife's face, sweet, and pure, and reproachful, rose up before him, and he awoke to the bitter wrong he was doing her, and determined to return to England, and forever give over his ab surd illusion. But the moment the fever abated he tottered to hie feet, end all hii old, tortur« Ing fears returnod with double force. He could* not go back ; he must know tho truth, or he should go mad. So, in oppoBiiion to the entreaties of the surgeon who attended him, ho started off, white as a ghost, aud only able to keep on his feet. ? ? ' ? ? The September suri ' hung low in the purple sky, and all the grand old Switzer peaks glitterod with hiB departing glory, oil the aftornoon (when Lady Strathspey reached the Tyrol . valloy. Colonol Ver ney had sent a dispatch from ' Calais to Paris, and learning that his friond was something batter, he accompanied her. At a small public-house,, at no great distance from tho shepherd's cottage, he hired a carriago and drove across the smiling green valley. Divining with the intuitive instinct of a gentleman, that tho poor mother would sooner soek her child alone, ho put licr out at the edge of tho little coppice, and avowed his de termination to romain there with the carriago until sho should return. Lady Stratlispoy walked briskly over the short spaco that intervened botween tho coppice and the cottage, lier heart throbbing so wildly as almost to stop her breath. In a few moments she would know tho truth, and ascortain wliother there was any proof of which her child mipht bo reclaimed and reinstated. The sun dipped low abovo tho western seas, the Alpino summits gleaniod and glittered in their eternal whiteness ; a mingled molody of tinkling bolls and low ing hor da floated on tho balmy evening air, but unmindful of all, unconscious even of her glorious surroundings, the countcss hurried on. Half way across the slope of meadow land, a peal of childish laughter startled her, and just before her, clustered upon the velvet sward, beneath a giant oak, she boheld a young kid, all garlanded with wild-wood blossomB, an immense Alpine sheop-dog, and a little boy in a scarlet smock and plumed cap. The little follow was sitting astride the dog's back, dipping his curly head, and shouting with childish glee, while the great, grim animal lay, with his nose rosting on his paws in tho afternoon sunshine, as if he enjoyed the sport. Lady Strathspey stood still a moment, gazing on the lovoly pastoral picture, the tears streaming over her wan cheeks. At last she drow near. Tho dog raised liis pointed ears, and uttered a hoarse growl. The countcss paused in terror, but the boy's quick eyes had spied hor. 'Down, Tiger,' he cried, planting his brown, chubby foot on the animal's head, and tho dog obeyed. ' Come on,' he continued ; ' him won't bito oo, him only bites do bad foxes.' Lady Strathapey approached, and held out her hand. 'Have you forgotten me, Rommie?' she asked. 'No, ineed, I knows oo — oo corned with other lady, long, long ago. Dat's my kid, Molly's kid ; granmuddcr says it's my brudder — ain't it nice ?' he replied, giving hor one little hand, and pointing the other toward the kid, which waB cropping tho green grass-blades a yard or two away. Sho tried to answer, but her voice failed; the little prattling voice thrilled ber to the heart's core. 'Oh, my darling, my darling !' she sobbed, catching the child in her arms, and covoring his . face and hair with paB sionate kisses. ' Ho struggled from her arms, looking up with wido, wondering eyes. 'What do make oo always ky ?' he questioned, a trifle impatiently; ' Rommie don't liko folks to ky.' 'Don't- you, darling?' said the countess; restraining' her tears 'j 'then I'll not cry any more, for I want you to like me. Don't you like mo, lJommie?' | ' Oh, yes, Rommie likes oo, an' he l.ikea granmuddcr, an' g'ranpap, an' Molly, lots' end lots.' '? ' Who is Molly ?' ...... ' Molly's my goat — my mammy/goat— don't oo want 'o see hor 'I' t 'Not now j I'll. see her by and by';'' sit' here by mo, -and let us talk a little bit. Whore's grandmother 1' ? 'Took ing supper. We's doing to have tustard pie— oo want Bomo 1' Lady Strathspey nodded, nnd took his littlo round right arm in licr hands, with a boating heurt, almost fearing to 'look' for the birth-mark, yet feeling suro it was thero.' ' ; ' Won't you lot me seo your pretty arm sho asked. -? ' Yes, indeed ! Does oo want to see my pretty koss, too ? — look a thero now 1' he cried, pushing up the loose sleove of his omock. : Thero it was 1 The Strathspey birth mark, the scarlet cross, deep and vivid beneath the white, trauBparent skin I For au instant tho sunlight peaks, and all tho greon valley, swam before the poor mother's eyes, but by a mighty effort she controlled herself. ' Little Rommie,' s'no said, solemnly clasping tho boy close to her heart, '.' you aro my own child, and as sure as I live, aud Heaven helps me, you shall be your father's heir. ' CHAPTER XVIII. ;; IN WHICH THE EARL IS SATISFIED. On this self-same afternoon Lord Strathspey being unublo to procure even bo much as a saddle-horse, walked acrosB the country to tho ' shophord's cottage. He was very weak, and his h°ad pained him very badly, but the fiorco unrest at his heart was worse by far than any bodily Buffering. Ho was determined to find out the truth. Ho would never go back with out it. Yet in tho very height of his jealous determination he felt angered at his own folly in suffering such a ground less suspicion to take possession of him. Ho reached tho coppice, and turning sharply round its oornor, camo all of a suddeu upon a carriage, and Colonel Gilbert Verney strolling up and down iu front- of it. Tho two men recognised each other on. tho instant, and after one Bho'rt breath of surprise raised thoir liutB in mutual salutation. Tho earl strodo on. and Colonel Vornoy took out liiB cigar and looked after him, growing .a shade palor beneath hiB Indian bronze in his pity for the poor countcss, who, hp folt sure, was being pursued by her irate husband. 'What tho deuce brings him hore, , I wonder ?' muttered Lord Strathspey, a* he hurried on. Midway tho meadow the group bonoath the oak- attraotod his attention. Some thing in the graceful' outlines of the woman's figure struck a ohill of deadly feu through his heart. Ha paused, Irresolute for the moment whether, to go or not. ' The picture before him was one of wondrous beauty ;? the groat; farspread ing tree, the emerald turf, the graceful figure of the kneeling woman, and the little Alpine foundling, in his scarlet smock and- jaunty cap, standing between his two companions, the grim sheep-dog airid ' the' young kid. Even in. his sus pense Bnd du'tab, incomprehensible dread of, he knew not what, Lord StratliBpoy felt a thrill of admiration ; and in after years — ah, years of bitter sorrow, too — he had 'but to close his eyes and the lovely pastoral scene arose beforo him, framed as it-was bv-the blue peaks of tho Alps. He stood like one in a dream, watching the woman's passionate gestures. He saw her clasp the boy to her breast and kiss and caress him ; he eveii canght a ' f aint echo of her unrestrained sobs. Presently sho rose to her feet and turned her face toward him ; and the Earl of Strathspey whitened to tho very hue of death, for it was the face of his own wife. For ono brief moment lie was lost in uttor bewilderment, unable to believo what he saw with his own eyos. And thon a sudden thought burst upon. him. He remembered the waiting curriage, and waiting colonol, round tho corner of the coppice. ' Oh, Heaven 1' he groaned, ' it is she, It is all true. And he her companion, Her old lovor. . Curse him ! he shall die for it 1' The words seemed to hiss through his sot tooth, his face was ghastly to look upon, his eyes glcatnod with a rage that borderod on madness. . Turning on his heel ho strode back toward tho coppice, and the countess, in her oxcitemont over the child, had no dream of his presence. Colonel Gilbert Vemoy was pacing up and down before his carriage, evidently ill at ease, yet puffing at his cigar in an eminontly stoical manner, when the earl burst like an eurangod wild beast upon him. ' Yon unprincipled coward 1' he cried, catching the officer by tho collar, - ' did you bring my wife here or not ? Answer mo!' : The colonol was a cool, brave man, one who rarely ever lost command of his temper. He caught the oarl'B hand in a grasp that seemed liko stool, and removed it quietly from his collar. 'Now, my lord.' he sad, calmly, 'havo the goodness to reserve your epithets and restrain your tempor, and we may be able to como to an understand ing.' ' Did you bring my wife to this place?' thundered Lord Strathspey. ' I took charge of hor from Dover, at which place I found her ill and unpro tected,' answered the colonel ; ' and,' he continued, in a conciliating tone, ' for her sake I entreat you to be calm, and listen to what I have to say. ' You took charge of her from Dover, did you T cried tho irate peer. ' What business have you taking chargo of my wife, you unprincipled villain 1 What ia she here for ? Answer me, or it shall cost you your lifo.' The colouel smiled quietly, but his grey eyos wero beginning to blaze. IIo was not tho man to brook abuso or insult. ' You must ask your countess what brings her hore,' ho replied. 'It is no affair of mine ; yet for her sake, and the respect I bear her, I'll add that her ob ject and her motive are alike pur» aud good.' lyi ' You lie!' stormed the earl, absolutely foaming with rage. 'No good wife would indulgo in such an oseapado as this. You are a liar and a coward, Gilbert Verney, and I tell you so to your teeth. , ? ? i ' ' Take care, 'thy lord,' said tho colonel, I with an ominous- flash, iu his steel-like eyes. ' '? Tako care of what ? Do you think I fear you., you sneaking coward -, 'Lord Strathspey, you shall answor for your words,' returned tho colonel, in hip cnltn tones., 'Not even for your wife's sake will I bear with such insults as this.'. . [.?'?''My - wife's- sake !' gasped Lord Strathspey. ' Oh, yo'ii sneaking hound I. you shall pay dearly, for this. Name the hour and place, and I'll put a bullot through your cowardly, heart. . You » j soldier. Pah ! I'll have you drummed j out of your' regiment !'!_ , . A slow crimson wiis rising in the Indian officer's bronzed cheeks, and his . eyes shone like fire. 'Very woll,. my lord,' he replied, ' when we meet again all this shall he settled.'' 0 ' So is shall,' retorted tho almost in sane husband, as he strodo away. ' I'll sottlo; it fast enough, by ^blowing your brains out. I'd do it now, if I only liad a weapon, Go yonder, and fetch away your baso companion,' ho continued, pointing ovor his shoulder toward tho oak beneath which his unconscious wife still sat. ' She. is iio wife of mine. From this hour 'I ronomice hor forever. You may take her, and welcomo, but it shall cost you your heart's blood.' 'Lord Strathapey, ' uttered the colonel, making a step forward, his face expressing the anxiety he felt, not for himself, but for tho woman upon whom these conse-. quenoes would fall so heavily, '' you are laboring under a groat mistuko— — ' . But the earl motioned him back, with a aavago gesture, and disappeared round the coppice, reeling at every step ; and before ho had gone half a mile, he tell, as if a bullet had struck him, faco down ward on the greensward of the Tyrol valley. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Prof. Heilprin has written a book en titled 'Tlio liuoyraphieal Distribution of Animals. A man recently bought a copy in order to learn why, when the distribution took pluce, 90 per cunt of all tho cata and dogs in the uiiiverse was awarded to the town in which he resides. It seems strange, but it is a broad-guage (act, that there is not a city or town in tho country that didn't get 1)9 per cent of tho cats and dogs when the distribution of animals was made. A prepon derance of horses and cows would have been preferable. 'Ploase. sir,' said a dilapidated speci men o£ humanity, ' won't : yon give rae twenty- live cents to get something to eat ? 1 haven't tasted a morsel of food for two wholo days.' ?'You look healthy and strong,' said tho person addressed ; ' can't you get work?' ' I have work. 1 am an author.' ' Why, then. Ho yuu toiieit alms ?' 'I am wril ing a series ot artieli b on 'How to Get -JKich,' but 1 won't get paid for them until the last one is printed.' Better die % beggar than live a beg. Bar, 