CMLEY'8 ymm.ii , . V — Bi Robest C. Wbteh matter to what army. North or SSsftftrff1!?, . Vo"»B he KidVi skin .tanned by the Emm old sim «T>a/!!.ini5e out. i>ke very fcrget me; nota. _u. ae dull, dark Burroundi. TW like j oKfm o ' a tBeir rough way, men called Kirn Woke of scenes tm t os® Wlth ivbom these suu- eke in the aad Charley listened to them, and £££ a was never told to older, les un- toWS?"!:- S00?8' for 60mow his younface and light, cheerful laugh annealed and md the tWfTn f611® rmnour that iSandy Green, lime touch 'of 8enriS.eyeS V6r at SOme Perhaps, say that there is no time, f1' 80Uilmeilt -amonS brawny men prepared ioraud experienced in war. It is not a131? camp-fires, in dim places at night, When the tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry eeetns ghostly, and dreary, aud fall of dire warning, there are tales of love, and sorrow, and loss, and hope remembered and told t o listening ears that hear these faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death-deliver- Bound of cannon, or swift whistle of the ride-ball. Thus was Charley, the drummer-boy, a cyc.opaidia of the gentler thoughts of the soldiers about bim. Often in the dusk of evening, when the men were loitering about the camp, and the Mudly stars were peeping faintly out above the white ; tents, there would come a little, wailing sound , on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their gatae at cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and sav, That's Charley's fiddle !' And did any one take the trouble to look for the boy, he might be eeen perched up on a ledge of rock, or sitting flat on the ground, his chin pressed down, and. his bow iu his hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin all the old, old tunes he remembered, aud some of the newer ones made for the war, And even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which had come by a devious way and a fearful mischance into cainp. So, here among ths purple shadows, when the fire on the outposts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, while the crickets chirped, Charley would play the tunes of peace and happiness, tbe same as miles away they were being played and sung by laughing, care less people in the crowded cities, filled with the rumours or war, not understood, but appre ciated. But Charley had never been in an engage ment as yet, and the men. said, 4 Don't be so anxious, boy ; it'll all come soon enough I' And it did come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life was just the thing for him, only it "was too monotonous. He also told the boys that his aunt was the only relative he had in the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of will mid temper, and that she was 4 mortal angry with him' for going away from her — for, somehow or other, he guessed she 4 sort o' liked him.' That was all he told them, and they got quite a joke up about 4 Aunt Teddy, and often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw him writing, to be sure and send much of their love to her.' f You don't know her,' said Charley, 4 or you wouldn't make so light of it. Why, she could take any of you single-handed, and you'd never know what hurt you.' And so he wrote often and often to her. But Charley's fiddle ! Well, it seemed part of him. He Iovedit I He loved the miserable little tunes lie could play on it ; he loved to sit down anywhere, and at anytime, aud strike up one of those little tuues, aud play, and play, and play, till it was a wonder how much endurance catgut has, not to mention human fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as though it were a little child, and his blue eyes would flash as his hand swept over the strings. And the time went on ; and in the intervals of Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it up. The day came when t here were preparations f.Mi a liti44lA /\r» +lift nnam vr wopa call JAAL a uuuliri vu wc cacmj TT«IO rounding them; and Charley was glad, but quiet. There was less time for fun in camp now, and picket duty was not sentimental any more — ex cept that it was tragic. Two men had been picked off by scouts, and the grim faces of the boys looked death when they heard. Yet one pleasant, cool night, while the long, white streets of the camp glistened in the moon light, and it was not yet time for the men to turn in, Charley was seen by Sandy Green busily writing a letter on bis drum-bead, 4 For Aunt Ted, Charley r' asked Sandy Green, And the boy nodded, and laughed. Then the old man stood there watching bim for a long rime. He saw the pleasant, brown face, with the blue eyes bent over the writing — and he was a rough, a very rough "man, mind you 1 — a tall, ungainly, red-haired backwoods man, older than middle life, too ; and one to whom trouble was no account, because it must be surmounted. And yet he stood here, in the early moonlight, watching the drummerboy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley looked up when he had finished. 4 Ho, Sandy ! you there yet 1' said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. 4 Sandy, I'll give it to you to see posted for me. Will you do it ? You've got more chances than Ihave;' So Sandy took the letter, and said, as ho turned to Charley: 4 Do you know, boy, that we expect a scrimmage to-morrow 'r' Yes, Gharley knew it, and he was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him all over again about the battles that had been fought before ; he Iwttenftfl, and was bright and chirpy oyer the stories; sad the older man warmed with his mrbject, watched the light in the boy's eyes, and ended by patting him on the back. 4 Youll do, Charley 1' he said. 4 And now givBuss tene, for who knows— well, g\veus& tttBeP - _ ' SoGh&rley; brought his fiddle, aim sat down on the side of his drum; and Sandy laid his sprawling length on the ground, his head onhis hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle ! And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter ; and all at once Sandy said: «gayt Charley ! Give us the song you played laThere was a slight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air came the old tune of4 Home, Sweet Home, softly and slowly played, filling the air around and touching with kmd fingers the hearts of -the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as he sat 1h?re balanced on the drum, and S&udy; Green s hand was pressed bard into his head. Andthe tone went on aud on, and the. ®taI? thB crickets chirped peacefully, when, all at once, a bugte Bouudea, a confused noise was I S0?® 40 em. Sandy was on liia feet, Charley's drum was in his hand — and the enemy was on tnexn 1 WJiocantellof the dreary surprise, of the £mble fight of that night, carried far into the nrontiful morning, when innocent daisies were red and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were blackened aud scorched bv powdor ? VVho cati tell of the wild, smirched faces, turned sightlessly up to the sky ; the dead hands clutcuuig the grass ; the soiled aad torn clothing pierced with a little new hole, whence life had fluttered out r Long into the day it lasted; and i there were no more birds' songs head. The white streets of the camp were gone, and a con tused mass of men, some wounded, and all bitter were here instead. Aud the fight had ended the enemy had disappeared, and these men were — victorious. throughout the fight they all remembered to have heard the drum. They remembered seeing yornrn Charley hatless, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the fight, for there had been small order — it could not be otherwise. And some of tkeai said he had beeu seen with a musket in Ids hand, loading aud firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a silence ; these were not Inl And somebody else sounded the roll as these men stood up to answer to their names. There were many gaps in the roll— many . men who would answer to but one roll-call more — the mighty Roll of the Last. And when Charley's name was called there was no response ; and many eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on the roll » und. at last Sandy Green's 'name was called — no answer. Again it was called, and then — then Sandy Green's voice answered from far away, and they saw him coming, limping up the hill, Charley on his shoulders, white and wild. The men cheered — yes, they did — they cheered ! Aud Sandy stood in the midst of them, hfs leg wounded by a ball, and told how he had been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an end of him, bat that Charley had used his own bayonet to dreadful purpose, and Sandy had been saved. But, strange to say, the boy had not seemed to recognise him. Sandy had taken hirw on his shoulder, for the boy had grown faint and white, had called his name ; but a blank look was all the reply he had received. Charley's mind had stopped. There he was, looking at the men, a smile on liis face, but an unmeanin" light in his blue eyes. They looked at him, they shook him bv the hand ; but he said nothing — he recognised no one. The surgeon came, and shook his head. 4 Fright !' he saidi Bat Sandy Green cried : 4 It's a lie, begging your pardon ! The boy wasn't frightened. ' For all that, it made small difference to PiliafldV Ttavr KTT Jaw nn _£ J.1 "j > aa trno puiuuu ui iae army maae entrenchments where they were, and prepared for winter quarters, for this point must be guarded, Charley loitered about the hospital, not sick, not ailing, but with his mind clouded. One of the boys had hunted for his fiddle, but only the fragments aud the strings were left, and these Sandy Green had taken charge of, as he lay in his cot : for, said he, 'The sight of these things might make the hoy worse.0 The surgeons studied the case. It was new to them ; a fine opportunity for experiment ; and experiment they did, and made nothing of it. And still Charley siidled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no one, missing nothing he had before known. The men, when they met him, called out, 4 Hi, Charley !' and he seemed to be pleased at that —nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him, for you see they had all so liked him. Aud Sandy Green was grieved at heart, : though his manner was as gruff aad rude as : ever. After a while the surgeons came to a strange conclusion. They said that the life of Charley, from the first surprise on that eventful evening that night when he had seen a fight, was a blank. They said there was no bridge to con nect the time before and the time after that terrible experience. They cited vast authorities, and confused themselves about them, and so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked on Charley as though he were a ghost. One day Sandy Green, feeling in his pocket, found the letter which Charley had written to . Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, and had been forgotten ever since. At sight of it, he went for paper and pencil immediately. That lift tttld t.lift hnrs It a fiaVl wn'tton fn Charley's aunt, getting the direction from, Charley's unpoBtea letter. 4 Aunt Teddy's coming to camp, boys,' said some of them, in faint remembrance of their old humour, over Charley's relative. 4 Sandy Green has written to her, telling her all about the boy.' Lo ! lo ! A few days after, a tall apparition, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made its ap pearance in the hospital, asking for Charley Morgan ; and in less than an hour it was known all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had corns. All who could sauntered past the window, just to peep at her. But they did not go twice, for her fierce look was something dreadful ; and it was everywhere at once. They were afraid of her. The might face the enemy. hut'Aunt Teddy was something more. And Charley? She just went up to the poor lad, and took liis face between her two bony hands. 4 Charley ! ' she said. And he turned his smiling, meaningless face to her, and laughed low, and did not know her. She sat quietly down, and rocked herself to aud fro. No I Aunt Teddy could do nothing either. So the days wore on, and some of the boys saw her sitting beside Charley, holding his hand in hers, and looking fiercely about her like a lioness guarding her young. She would not have bim stir from her, and he seemed perfectly contented beside her. And when the men saw her sitting there, fierce and on guard, holding the hoy's hand in hear own, and he smiling and happy-looking, they felt a lump in their throats ; and in a way they respected Aunt Teddy more than if she had cried over him, calling him loving names, for they saw strength here, like their own- strength of protection. Arid, do you know, it was said that when Sandy Green saw her coming in that .day, he hrftihCwi out as fast as he could, and with a - white foAft ; and he would not go near lier when nhe asked for the man who had written her about Charley. He, too, was afraid of. her— the gauntgrim apparition. To the doctors she was a little mere con ciliating ; and, although she told them they did not know tlieir business, yet, when one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley's hand from hers to give it a friendly shake she said: 4 Don't, please ! I want to hold him to me, for he's ail I've got. ' And the doctor could not help grasping hers, with a great choke in his throat. 4 If we could awaken Charley to some memory of the past,' said this doctor to her one day — if we could bring him back to the day before the fight — if he could recognise something he hud known then, we might save him,- perhaps- 4 1'ru not a rich woman,' was the replyy but Til .write this instance to my agent to cell my house. And that money — all I have in the world— I'll give to. the man who brings my hoy back to me. .Now this was duly reported about camp— all this andmore. Audit was told to Saudy Green, among others. Ho shook his head gruffly. But in the middle of the night Sandy Green rose up like one possessed, and searched around, and found an old, fiat cigar-box. All the next day he worked at the box. worked mysteriously, and kept lookers-on away. For two days lie scraped at it. On the third Charley was to go away with his aunt, for she had determined to take him home. O i this last evening Sandy Green was seen lurkin« about the hospital ; and once, when Aunt Teddy rose aud went to see about some final preparations for departure, he darted in, caught Charley by the haud, aud limping swiftly away with him, took him to a knoll far off — took him to a drum laid side wise on the ground, and seating him there, pulled out a cigar-box, shaped rudely like a violin, the strings of Charley's own lost instrument stretched upon it. Then he brought out a rough bow. Charley sat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but before he could repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, aad there was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at mbsin Charley j and she was followed by half the hoys, the two surgeons among them. Sandy Green raised his hand to warn them. They_ stopped, motionless. Then, elowlv, laboriously, out ou the pleasant evening air came the old tune of 4 Home, Sweet Home, rudely and brokenly played; but there it was — there it was ! The smile ou Charley's face faded out, like the light of the ignis faium. A startled ex pression came instead : he leaned forward — he listened. t The boys pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green's - fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley's face; he started up, looked confusedly about him. opened his lips. 4 Aunt Teddy !' he cried. He was saved. His aunt was kneeling at his feet, hugging his knees, crying wildly. The hoys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green, aud shook him by the hand, for he had done more than they could do, and they owned to it. Then they all, every man of them, went up to Sandy, and wrung his hand. He had let the fiddle fall to the ground, and his rough face was seamed with tears. ' Here !— somebody lead me to Sandy Green !' cried a voice, the voice of Charley's aunt ; 4 for I can't see, I'm crying so hard: and my legs are clean gone from me !' And Aunt Teddy was marched up to him, hut not before Charley had caught both Sandys hands in his. And what did Aunt Teddy do? She just threw her aims around Saudy Green's neck, and gave him a soundlag Ms3, before all the hoys too ! And from a score of strong throats came a cry: 4 Three cheers for Sandy Green — and a tiger !' And she shook hands with them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her house, as a reward for 4 any one who could save her boy.' The cigar-box fiddle may still he seen there— and often is seen there l>y Sandy Green and others — and it is christened 4 Chaklet's jjiddle. — -Weekly Budget . 