A Headless Ghost. An English Farmer's Cruel Revenge on His False Lady Lovo. About thirty miles south of London, in one of the prettiest parts of England, is a village called Sbnlford. Adjoining it is a largo common, or public pasture. There are a tew houses fronting on it, prominent among whioh thore wos, about twenty years ago, a rather aingular-looking edifice, known to tho village folk aB tbo ' Black House.' The namo was apparently ill-choson, for the brioks were whito and the tiles a bright red. But thero was a good reason for the name, as any looal gossipor has pleased to explain. Tho house bad been built by a farmer named Somcra for the reoeption of a young lady of good position who was shortly to become his brido. Tho wedding day had been fixed. But a few days boforo tho ono fixed for tho wedding day tho brido disappeared, and a few hours after .her departure a farm hand in the employ of Somers w&b; aleo Bought for and found not. Rumor coupled the two names, and tho dis appointed bridegroom started off in hot basto in pursuit. For several months tho house remained untenanted, but one night lights were obaorved in the windows. The noxt day there was much speculation as to whether Somers bad roturncd or whether he had rented. But thero was no signe of life during the next nor the succeeding day, and finally it was thought advieablo to forco an entry. Accordingly tbo local blaoksmitb aud Somers' farm bailiff broke open tbo front door. Tbo houso was found exaotly as left by Somers when he started out on bis toar of rovenge, nor was thero any explanation to bo detected of the lights Been at night. Thst evening the windows wero again bright, and for several successive nights tbo phenomenon was repoatod. Finally a com mittee of three was appointed to investigate. Tbo members of tho oommittee wero tho blacksmith, tho parish clerk, and an old skeptio who believed in no ono but himself. After eating a hearty supper at tho village inn tho trio set oat on their task. The olerk was very nervous, tho blaoksmitb defiant and tho skeptic sarcastic. Tho door was forced open and the mon prooeeded to investigate. Thoy made a tour of all the rooms, but dis oovercd- nothing. The olerk became reas sured, tbo blaoksmitb sighed for eomecno or something to fight, and the skeptio throw in an UI told you there W03 nothing' every two or threo minatoe. But shortly before midnight the light of the lanterns oarried by tbo intrepid investi gators was supplemented by a bright illumi nation whioh seemed to havo no natural ooureo. The olerk looked at the blacksmith, and oven tho skeptio felt himself at fault. Suddenly tho firet named sprang to his feet and rushod headlong out into the passage, along it to tho front door, and through it on to tho open pasture. The blacksmith and the skeptio turned and dccidcd to follow his lead as best they could. For, standing in the far corncr was a figure so weird that not even the skeptio oould control his fears. It was tho figure of a young woman, absolutely headless, aud envolpcd in a shroud of sur passing brilliancy. From this uunatural olothing the mysterious light seemed to emerge. The two men got away safely and corroborated the parish clerk's deccription of the.Bcono. The story was not generally oredlted, but again and again was the hoare rented, only to bo vooatod by o&oh; succeeding tenant after one day's ocoupation. Noither Somers nor his falso lady lovo ever reap peared at ShnUord, and when your corres pondent last Baw it tho black houso was still unoccupied and was gradually falling into rains, _ 