S'iozlc-ioo'ir s. "-, just ended? -QUE NEWs;JpRK LEI TER. I J ',' ,[rnoM OUR OWN correspondent] at 1 a a 1 a in J, oJi til Last week I wrote about the wretched; wrecks that-strew'the shore of our NeW "York life, but nothing more pit of an or, romantic has occurred here for years than; ^hrtlMtri-nf ^Eliery^.-Dsniels, who died a few days ago suit. Luke's Hospital., During the second Grant, campaign, at; the request of the National Committee jIHfiwent into Massachusetts 2 and at Dedham 'met' Ellery '0 Daniels., .At'1'thaï" time Mr.; 0. Daniels'" was cashier of the Webster' National Bank at Boston, and was regarded in wealth! and position as the foremost man in Ded- ham. i His elegant house was one of the handsomest in that very aria decoration and; exclusive quarter, and his horses were the' finest and the best to be found between , Dedham and Boston. Mr. Daniels was a three liver, and Dedham felt. proud of him and staid old bankers whose bank account required seven figures, felt! honoured-by J ¿tttokin£'.their> aristocratic s legs under Mr. (Daniels'/.elegant mahogany. ' He had <*isen<from an office boy in the Webster; Bank, and after years'of-'honourable ser-1 'vice had achieved a position 'exceeded! 'by that of the President alone. But he nibYJgot into the habit, of ' fast living, and he, could not give, it up. He tried him in ok on the racecourse and the pool room, ' but the devil he had served so' well de-' sorted him in hobble of his direst need, then he stole the funds of the bank and, at] first he thought he would replace them, i Days and weeks passed on and (he sank' deeper'and'deeper in ain,'till,at last his thefts became so flagrant that he was detected and sentenced to imprisonment for kfiveJear»._.After serving a year, President Grant pardoned him, and he started life anew. A gréa'Upïahb firm that knew 'his former life took pity and gave him the position of salesman. In two years he robbed his friends of eight thousand dollars and fled, from that hour he became a, pariah and i outcast, Homeless, ragged,' and starving. The fashionable society man, the swell club- man, the proud and aristocratic banker, who once occupied a magnificent mansion and was humbly waited on by retinue of servants, might be seen seeking his breakfast in' the' garbage ' cans by, the wayside sad found his lodgings in carts or in the cellars of vacant houses, and he esteemed himself fortunate when, by the bounty" of some charitable pedestrian, he was enabled to seek the shelter of some 10 cent lodging house in the slums., For over, 10 years he endured the horror of this miserable life, and at last, worn by disease, exposure, and dis- sipation, he sank in the street a starving, homeless tramp. He was taken to St. Luke's Hospital, one of the noblest charities in the city, and after a brief struggle died. The ending of this miserable and disgraceful life is but another warning to our young men to keep in the straight and narrow path. This consuming desire to be rich and to live beyond our russia is the curse of the present age ; it is this which has helped to fill our State prisons and which has multiplied our suicides' graves. ' ( The shocking accident to Dr. Edward Beecher which has cost him one of his limbs, has filled the breasts of thousands of his friends with sorrow. Attempting to get on to the cars st Parkville where he had been, attending s weekly meeting, he either slipped or was thrown under the Utan, his leg was crushed so that amputa- tions was rendered necessary', an operation that he stood with heroic fortitude. Dr. Beecher; is 85 and the chances are very much against ; him. In the hour of his suffering and sorrow, he has the sympathy' of the entire community. Though Mr. Beecher is not so well known to the outside world as his illustrious brother, he has nevertheless been a faithful servant of Christ for over 60 Seers, and it is to him that he looks as is staff, and, his comfort if he is called on to cross the dark valley, ' ' , ¡." t[ ' , ¡ ''-I thought with the assignment of the, thousand, seats for the Legislature, and their friends that the troubles of the Centennial celebration were ended, but, blew your heart, they were only just begun. The District Attorney- from ( Spotted Tail Texas; bat notified the committee that he may be expected with his family, and wants to ( know what provision has been made for his entertainment, while here and if the committee, will secure passes for his return home: The' Mayor of Scrub, Oak City, Dakota, writes that he may be expected, accompanied by the Board of Aldermen, if funds can be found in the city treasury to afford them transportation. The Hon. S. P. Augustus Overly, of Mississippi, writes that he represented Nuxobe County in the Legislature "below the wah," and at his family is expected from Europe about the 30th, he, would be obliged to Mr. McAllister if he would see that they were properly cared for and given a seat near President Harrison where they could see the show to advantage. Then the Board. as Aldbetmin got their back upon Aldbermin BjeUy told Alderman McCarthy that the! flax I SO salt '(J H li' 1 J 1. Hill I .j4ii,'oif young; enjoy It U i ') ii r >.-!... news of net w variation A i»»»»»»»iSM»»»»»^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^aii íi»ií|-ffflií .Aldhermin-Lyach and OF sherry -wor going all the good things, for themselves, and he wasn't going'to'sthánd it. Alderman Finnigan andiMcMannia denied this, and said that they had personally waited on the Kingites, and had received assurance from Mr. himself that the Alder may write provided for. Then all the rest of the city officials pitched in, and all the Mayors and officials of every town and city from Maine to Texas, and from New York to California sent in requests Then every man who has ever been a State Assemblyman, or served M a constable or as a member of Congress, in any State in the Union, expects entertainment for three days and a free blow to everything, dinner included. In' fact, quite a number of these self-invited guests have given Mr. McAllister to understand that they would willingly forego the military and naval, processions for a fine blow at the dinner. Twenty-two thousand dollars is the turn estimated for wine alone, and Ed. Stokes of the Hoff- man House, is said to have the contract for the drinks. I suppose I might say for the drunks, for if they get away with 22,000dol worth of wines at the Centennial dinner, it is safe to say that many hundreds who attend the feast will find their.haU.several sizes too small for them the next morning. The committee is in an awful muddle.' The Grand Army men feel that they have been slighted. The Navy declares that it has received the cold shoulder and the treatment of the Army, it is said, has been on the north side of friendly. Alderman Mulligan declared the other day in the Common Council" that by the Board did not have five tickets each for the dinner and free drinks for himself and his friends, he'd make that Kum esteem sup sorrow be spoonfuls." There are evidently not free tickets enough to go around to the dinner. I judge so, from the fact that though President Harrison and Governor Hill have received theirs, up, to present writing Broadbrim has been nothing- of how r ,, -i- , " x. \- Twice this week we have heard through perfectly reliable sources that Ward McAllister had resigned that Ward McAllister had been bounced that Ward Mcalister had washed his hands of the whole affair, but we now find that that! talented representative of the Elite four hundred is the 1 on deck and likely to be a very lively ghost up to April 30. He is not dead nor sleeping ; his position is a trying one, but he is still master of the situation, and to he is likely to continue to the end. / ?' , This week it made memorable in political circles by the displacement of Post- master Pearson and the elevation to the -Postma%tership of one " of New York's most distinguished pertinently Cornelius Van Oott. Mr. Pearson who is the son-, in-law of the Post master who preceded him Mr. James, has been I connected with the Post Office for the past 16 years. When General Garfield became President he appointed "Mr James Postmaster-General, and a few days after his assumption of^lm^_office_ his son-in-' law," Mr. Pearson was appointed Post- master ofNeW^förkt JBe held his position utterer. Cleveland, was elected ¡ when' hit Mugwump friends, Larry Godkin, George W. Curtis and Carl Shultz went personally to the President and demanded at a reward for their services, in the preceding campaign the appointment of Mr Pearson. The request was granted, to the great disgust of Mr. Cleveland's political friends, who looked upon the post office j as one of the richest political plums. Mr. Pearson, it not a very tea we man Long possession of office had made him a martinet and an autocrat, j till his petty tyrannies made the lives of those beneath, man an intolerable burden and a curse He caused it to be bruited abroad that there never was such a Post-' master before, and if he were displaced it might be difficult to find such another ;, but his head fell into the basket this week, amid the general rejoicing of the hundreds of his subordinates, who held a grand'jol'ification on his downfall and he will step out of the great building, where he had ruled like an autocrat for so many' years, unmourned by a single friend, except a few of the favoured satellites' who held their places by his sufferance and favour. The city was startled the other day by the arrest of several members of District Assembly 49, of the Knights of; Labor for the attempted, destruction of' Stevenson's ale brewery on Ninth Avenue of with dynamite bombs. Assembly 49 has been at the bottom of every disturbance! here ever since the organization of the I Knights of Labor. When Mr. Power dearly I tried to conduct the affairs of the. Knights of Labor by means in keeping with decency and modern civiliza- tion, Assembly 49 started in to destroy Mr. Powderly. , A fellow named Quinn, 'who got command of the organisation a few years, ago ordered the great strike which resulted in the ruin of thousands of poor working men. He led the great strike against the Third<Ave. Railroad, and innumerable other strikes and boycotts, every one of which has been a miserable and disastrous failure, resulting in the ruin of the work- ington. The' Local Assembly 8,390 wanted to run Mr. Stevenson's business and Mr. Stevenson refused to let them do it then some men were hired who were to get employment in hit brewery, and when they got in- they-were-to destroy or personality beer ; they failed to get in, then an assassin was hired to blow up the building/ with dynamite bomb placed in the engine-room. ''The assassin failed to get inside the brewery but he placed the bomb under the north wall and blew it down. Then the villains quarelled among themselves, and this week one of them turned State's evidence. No mercy to such as they are" \ ,/ 