HISTOEY AND ITS REOOSIH (By " Tam Samson. ] The Yankees are always big-. Wirh th^m it is a neck or nothing. They dosses the greatest cataract in the woi'ld—'he Falls of Niagara ; they greatest ; they possess the greatest river, the great est valley.. The Yankees also _ claim to have the largest lake, the greate&t; natural bridge, the largest aqueduct, and tlie cabbage that covers a 100 acre Held- Th-y also claim the woman who gave birth to six childreu at one fell swoop. On the Lord's side they have the fearless TaU mage ; but alas I not on the Lord's side they have the great "Bob" Iugersjll, The ancient Hebrews were also gre: t '' guns" in the wholsesale line. For example, Solomon at the dedication of the Temple sacrificed twenty thousand oxen aud one hundred and twenty thousand sheep !! What he did with all the blood, which -must have been knee-deep in the city, history sayeth not. Soolm ju, too, had seven hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines, and he was wiser than all men. The crown of the King <?f Kabbah weighed a talent of gold. Fancy a hat weighing 110 lbs I An ounce and a half would be about " Tam< Samson's" choice. Th9 weight of Ab salom's hair is stated to have been seven? pounds seven ounces and five jienny \- weights after a year's, growth. "• Whpn- = he polled his hair [for it was at eyery. vear's end that he polled it] he weighed^ the hair, aud found the weight to be 200" shekels after the King's, weight." Not bad for a year's growth. In tli£ slaught ering line the Jewish kings went the whole "hog.', On one occasion [so-the account says] the King of Judah with 400,000 " chosen men" met the King o f Israel with 800,000 "jhosen men" and slew 500,000 right away. On another occasion 120,000 " valiaut men " of Judah fell, and 200,000 of the population were carried off by Israel into captivity. "Welt might the learned Dean Wxlman remarkr "No two nations ever hated each other with more unmiiigated bitterness " than Judah and Israel. The army of ZarahV is said to have nunxberel " a thousand' men," that is an army of a million men, but I rather fear that historian must have drawn-very considerably on his imagina tion ; otherwise Zerah's army knocks Tamerlane's, Bajazet's, and Napeoleon's into " fits." The mouster army of Tam erlaue dosen't stand the ghost of a chance, and it numbered 300,000 horse and 500,000 foot. King David collected1 for the use of the Temple (built by die prinr-e of debauches, his son) that is, . " collected" in his struggles with the - petty tribes around him, the Serians, the Jloabitps, the Ammonites, and the Philis tines, one hundred thousand taients of gold and one million talents of silver, which amounted, according to Dr Daid son— the gold to £250,000,000 sterlings the silver to £853,000,000, the whole' sum being £853,000,000 sterling. Com ment is needless. At the building of the Temple there was over 180.000 men em ployed for eleven years. " Four years/' commentators tell us, were spent in get ting materials ready. Moraover, Samson (not Tam Samson) slew a thous md men (so runs tho record) with the jawbone of an iiss. Aud Shamgar put hors de combat six hundred with an ox-goad. Then there are tho throe incom bustible fire-kings, Shadrack, Meshack, and Abednego. I need proceed uo fur ther, but merely remark that after that the " Yanks" must take a back seat — they are not in the " hunt" at all. We are lequated by the Pir-s'leuf; of the Regafc'a Co,;imit~e to sfcite that thi eveut idver tised for Easter is to take the place of the annual Race meeting at Terowie. There will thcref >re be no Rices, and no fixtures that we know of for Mny. 