UloveUet. The Ghost of Oak 'Crag. BV EBTiiatl SKULK KENKETU, . (Concluded,) , . For- a moment slro thought it some wtindorirtg yiigabond who bad sought /. Bheltor thorbi, yiien she caught bight .of a handr white, .-and. shapely hanging norvolosoly from tho sido of tho bonoh; and aho know oho was mistaken. At . . first alio was undecided what to do. Thon with a suddbn thought sho wout for ward and apoko to tho proBtrnto figuro. .. -.« Aro you ill? Why aro yon horo?" . Tho man had hoard, hor. atop) and as -: - aho coinmonood apoaking, lio lookod up, showing n faco which seemed familiar-to \- nor, though alio did not rocpgnia'o it. It . was.- a dark, .boarded, - handsome faco, very polo on'rt haggard, Tho figuro whs . shrouded in a'cloak,.but .tho- dross about t-ho breast scorned vory milch disordered,' and Bho cnughfc , a glimpso of bloody linen. v\: : v-, " Aro. you hurt;?" sho asked. - Ho did not answor for . a >momont, or attempt to Hso, but lay.lboUiug- at -her with two mournful,; hollow cybs. " Who aro you ?" ho said at liist. . " l am Emma Iinmnr. I live lioro. If. you arohurt, como into tho houso, :and v let mo do what I can for you." IIo, rinsed himself on his olbow, foolily gathering Hio cloak over liis b'rensfi. . " "Idoii't knowwliethcr I am going to die or not,1' hd said. ." I'm' sick, and I've v a out horo in my : breast. : If I could bo taken caro of, I' might livo j but I think it's hardly worth while. Ho, I think I will lio horo/' ho addod, sinking down on . tho sont again. : < Einmn thought ho was delirious.- 'She . wont nearer atid -looked doivn into his faco, as ho lay with closed oyos, and a sudden, svrift discovery ocimo to lior. It was tho man they had found ' apparently. \ dying liilhu northwest c'mmbor. He- put outJliB hand ris he suddoiiiy oponed \ liis oyes and : saw lior bonding nbovo J him. .. ./ "-I'll: 'toll- you.' who I am," ho said, I ; "- t hat you may bury nid in tho family \- i ''uryillR ground— llidk- Meadows, Major Meadows.: ;. Seo T»6ro," with o faint, . . bittor-amilo, allowing diia. oflicor'a dress, . ''. Just lot mo nlono lioiv. if ydu ploaso. "g I think I'll bo comfortably dead by morn- -e-'V-''"'-- , ' Ynu inust not stay hero 1" exclaimed Emma, with siidddhj' swift onorgy, "You will frbezo)to death.-, llouao up, I bog- j . try to walk. Yoh'must go into tho 1-.' liouso." - ,v. - -''Her pndrgv. seemed to rousohim. ".AVho is tlioro ?" ho asked. " No 0110 ; willyou como ?'' \- " Sliall l aeo no uno l I don't want to \- moot aiiyono." ' v.'..; I .- , You will hot." V /- . Hd'heBitatod a momont,' looking up "to V tho house. « Thon ho got upon liis feet— a tall, .1 haggard figuro — and took the arm Etniiid ' 9 gavo him. - | i You'ro vory good," ho muttered, as 1 /ho, passed tho threshold, nnd'sudddnly foil i-IS ibhsolbss upon tho floor. i/S //Sho novcr know-how alio got him into V"lhdr room, and upon the bed; AVlidn 'I naked, afterward, alio baid : . -YJ, " I boliovo ho was heavy, but I did not I'® think tlint thon." 1 ',>9t''not f protection. for" thiadoao- Mjto man had suddenly aoicod upon -lior ; i. with tho oarneatlioaB of dno to i iffiHiotn fow parsiona oamo, alio forgot Ibvorything in lior absorbing oflorta -.for jhii, restoration. -That'ho was bmiioiatod, 'ns fyMrom auiroring, sho discovered j and >4haA-lio had a doop cut in tho broast, Wpcii, clottod with 'goro, no - longer' TmIis swoon was frightfully long, but, \- v. .«jon lib could spbak, alio gavo him', food nnd/wirib, judging- rightly that ho was . -ilMUcd af.;nouriohmont. As soon as lio MvhoJj-.ho.Baid': > .- < ryfi't let any ono know I'mhdro. I'll tollyouihout myself to-morrow. Thank -you for jmurl;Uindnoss ; I think I!ll ; go to y- eloop uolr."- .Tlion with a long sigh ho closed his oyoa aiid foil aslacp as lightly as a child. : Hoaring her., brother coming, Emma hastily loft- tho room and closed tho door. .- . '.Westorly-.ilung himself heavily into a olinir, aiid said : " Hurry; up supper, Em j I havo got to go to .town toTnight." . Ho evidently expected that alio would expostulate,; atid was surprisod at hor silence ; but, hastily 'swallowing his sup per, lio took himself off. Sho' wont back to her room. Tlib stronger was awako, and nut out his hand. . - ' . " Oomo hore, please. Toll mo whoso voice I hoard." ' "My brolhor's." " AVIiat is his name I" , . " Westerljr Lamnr." "Is he young, broud-siiouldored, low browed, dark? "Yo»." . a.-'-;..-:". -. '' I thought I know llio voice," ho said. " I'm so tired I" ' ; Ho spoko with a. weariness that was not all weariness of the body. . " Can you toll me about yourself now?", " " Tlioro is no need j yot I trust you, if you liko to hoar a disngrocablo atory. I'm a had follow — not a man for a girl liko you to pity and help yot "I thaiik you all tho more for what . yoii liavo dono for mo. Do you - romombcr mo as Itick Mondows?'' "iNb." ' You woro probably o child when I wont away from hero, 'a boy. My fatiicr died, and I wont into tho nrmy. I got a taint tlioro which made ino moro wild and reeklpss than I was naturally. I lonrncd to drink and gamble. When tho war was over I caino back to tho city whorol was born, but ! had- no home, no restraining inllnonco for a turbulent iiaturo and loose Imbits ; and for ycara my lifo was a whirl of advontures and dangers. Thcro wore timoo whon I grow lirnrt-aiok with myself, for I am not naturally a brute ; but I apont my youth wnatefully, and middle life found ino wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immersed in various difficulties. Among othor things I was in dobt ; fpr I had wasted my share of my father's proporty. All this must sound to you entirely baso anil without excuso. In one sonso it was so. Olio day, about a year ago, I was threatened by a creditor ; and tortured by my conscience— for tho mnn was poor and noodod tho monoy — T forged my brother's name to n noto, satisfying my self with tho thought that I would ro- deem tho noto boforo it was duo, and novcr repent so dangerous an act. But before tho nolo was duo I was tnlcon ill, and remained so for months. I Was not rccovorod until a fow weeks of tho pay ment, and siek-room meditations ren- dorod mo quito frantic. " I had nbnndonod gambling, but .1 turned to it ngniii, lioping luok would release mo from my diffioiiltios. I was not fortunato ; tho tnoro 1 played tho moro'I lost j and, utterly penniless, with: a felon's fate ataring nio in tho faco,- 1 rosortod'. to a docoption l liad_ loarnod wliilb in the army. I played, with: your brother, won nil liis money,, when ho suspected mo, and, in a passion, sought my lifo. I escaped in tho orowd which, tho oxcitoracnt called up, and, passing a depot, flung myself into tho cars, only ucsiriouB ot leaving t no city, xnit i touua that I was cn.routc for . Lennox, and ro- solved to hido myself lioro until l know what. bolter, to . do, Tho nigiit beforo hist I camo. horo, swung myself on the grape- vino trollis to tho puroli window, which was-, unfastened, let myself into tho hou'so, and >vnndored about, novor droam- iiig tlioro was anyono hero. I could not sloop, nnd, aft?r pacing the ' floor for n while, I oiimo down into' tho garden! This room mji old nurse used to sloop in, and somo. sorrowful' liiemoty .led 1110 to tho window; I was aBtonislied to seo you, and/ flnding tlint tho house was,vin part occupied, I thought it uusalb for mo to stiiy, and loft it.- I waudored around tho viilago all duy, unrecognised by tho :peoplb who used to know mo well; At night I took a fancy to comb baok to tho Orag, belioving that I should, meet no ono so late ; but, as soon as I shut ihysolf in the closo room, n spasm of suifoeating, pain seized mo, and,- with tho instinotivo foarof death, I rung tho boll. Though my body grew rigid nnd my oyos remained closed, I was consoious of your entering the room, and of all that passed in' my prosonce. Wlion your brothor drow that koen blade down iny breast I -was pain fully. nwaro of it, yot oould miiko-iio sign until tho blood suddenly started. Ho had left tho room. Springing suddoiiiy into lifo, I staggered to my foot, clutched my cloak ovor my blooding broast, and let mysolf down from tlio window, closing it behind mo in my oxcitement nnd aiokly torrbr, fearing pursuit. I stnggovod down tho gardon path,: and foil fainting upon tho.soat of the Bummor-honso wlioro you found mo. I had lain tlioro nil day. To night I should havo died if you had hot boon so good, n frioud. And yot death would .havo bocn a' hotter friend, Miss Lamar. You cannot- eonciovo of my uttor wrojoliednosB mid undosiro to livo." " But, Mnjor Moadowa, if you oould livo to rodooin yoursolf— " " I ciinnot. A folon's coll.is my only "prbBpoot in lifo I" , ' " How mueli inonoy is roquired to moot' tho note's demand . " Five hundred dollars/' . It was nioro money thnu Emma Lamar had ovor 'possessed- in hor whole lifo j yet alio aiit ailont, trying to think how" it could lib gained. . ::: Jlajor. Mondows lay looking in surprise at tho grave beauty of lior quiot face. 'i Toll mo truly, shall I trust you ?" sho said at last,; ' " In what manner ?" . "If I got tliis monoy for.you, will you roturn it nt a given timo ?" ; - . " I will.-": " " "I must borrow .it, .giving" my good nnmo ns soeurity. -If I do this, will you rofurn it in ono yonr ?" -v, . "I will."- ''. - t ' . Slio lookod Btbndily into- his faco.-. It was set in earnest moaning, .and bIio believed him. " I trust you. I will got tho monoy to-' night. And, Major Mondows, I do it as much to mako you trust yourself as to roliovo your present distress. , If you can roturn tho monoy honorably at tlio ond of tlio. yonr, you will liavo e capital of lioneaty, parsovcrnnco, nnd virtue witii wliioli to commenoo a bettor future. Do yon understand ? ' . " I do ; and so help me,, spirit of my .'mother; t will not disappoint- your trust) MiBB Lamar." " / : " Thon I must loavo you alone for on hour. You ore quito comfortablo ?" . " Yo-i." Tho bravo girl wrapped liorsolf in a clonk, and . wont swiftly down tho hill, although tlio village clocks woro striking nino, und nearly all honest peoplo were housed for tho night. Sho wont into tho honrt of tho village, but in loss timn' an liour wns: making libr way swiftly bncfe. Sho ennio into tho room so- quietly that when sho returned Major Meadows was otnrllcil. Sho plnocd tho nolos.bcforo liiin and counted tliom ovor. " Heavcn bleao you I" ho oxolaimcd. " Whon.ia this monoy duo ?" "To-morrow." - "Then you must tako tile night train ; yot you aro hardly ablo." . "I can go vory woll now, my heart is so slout," ho said. Sho brought liim fresh linon from lior brotlior's wnrdrobo, and necessary toilot articles ; and tlion shb loft liim. In an hour ho caino out, looking liko a different man. . " It is halLpnst ion. You liavo; but half-nn-liour beforo car. timo," sho said. "Do you know how I wish you woro my sister ?" ho said, looking down at hor. "I wish my brothor knew liow good a sister I Iry to bo," abb said, lior oyos filliug quickly. Major Moadows) you aroinoro than welcome to what I have dono for you, if you will only koep your promise." "Yoli shall seo bow 1 will koop it. You will bo horo at tlio end of a yonr V" "I shall bo in town. Tlio old clergy man at tho parsonsgo will know wlioro I am." " Clood-byo. I cannot tlmiik you." "God holp you 1 Guod-byo." And ho strodo array from the door in tho moonlight. Tlio next day it was liko n- dream to I'hmna Immnr. Only in lior hoart tlioro soomad a fresh chord alivo. Thoy wont back to tlio cottage, for Westerly still continuod tho pr.ictico of visiting tlio city at night. Ho grow voiy dissipated, and, when alio expostulated with liim, lio flew into aoviolont a passion as to silence hor. In her hopelessness slio allowed liorsolf soinulimcs to think, — _ "If Major Meadows doos well, and lives to coine baok, I think ho will ho my friend." Sho was nwaro that sho did not soo him as. others saw liim ; and that any prudont mollior in tho placo would bo shocked at the idea of her daughter rogarding sacli a limn ns Mnjor Meadows with friendly in terest, Sho only realised that ho was some ono with whom she was in sympathy, and that ho had wished she waaliiB sislor. Friendless girls have innocently dono far worso than this, Tho spring and summer passed. All tho - neighborhood realised tlint Emma Lamar had n groat trial with hor brothor. Ho wns noticoably dissipated, and Prof. Gardnnr throatonod . to discharge him from his class. Ho would bo in tho oity away from his studies weeks at a timo. In tlio fall ho wns publicly oxpolled from tho institute, tho professor declining to oxcuso liis conduct longer, and ho im- modiafoly. disappeared fnini tho town, Everybody pitied Emma Lamar j but she could hardly look any ' piilor or more distressod than, sho had dono for a year 'past, Sho had also' niiotlior anxiety, I It 'wns' Jibvomber,' and tho monoy. sho had borrowed wns duo. It terrified hob to think. "of its fuiluro; yet ; sho , seldom trust that Major > Meadows wouid not break his promiso. Ono night there was a torriblo storm. She .sat alono ob her work, when there camo a sound of heavy footsteps) aiid her brother burst into tho room. " Olij Emnm, savo ilia I" lio oriod. ; " Westerly, what is it ?!' alio oxelaimod, starting up. " I havo- brokon into tho Moroiiant's Bank, and tlio officers nro after ine." . Emma Lamar sniik down: in dospair. Oh, for n friend 1" sho cribd. : Tlioro 'camo a knook at' tlib door. A fino-looking manj whom Bhb ilid not' ini- niodintbly rooognisb, eutorqd.- Tho noxt- momont alio know it was Major Moadows.: .'.'Miss Lamar I'.' lu) said. ' - '/ " Oh, Major Moadows, toll mo— toll mo what to do for my brothor 1'.' oxolainibd Emma/ turning to hiin:with:a mnnnor which betrayed her faith in him ; and;: indeed, ho looked worthy of it— healthful, composed, happy; "Toll mo what is the matter. V ' "My brother -is to bo'arrostod. Ho has broken a bank." It was quito a grayo matter. The offioors came to tho cottago ntid arrestod Westerly. Lamnr; but tlio following day Major Mondows bocnnib.bail for liiin, and ho wiis roioased. Through, tho major's intercessions lio wns finally acquitted, for ho had boon only accessory, to tlio crime. But ho had rocoived a thorough check in his reckless career, jind ; proniising - his friends iio would -do bottor,- ho wont to California, whero ho turned his attention to business and did woll. Major Moadows had succeeded to liis brotlior's property, and was a wonlthy man ; but tlio firo hundred dollnrs that ho r- turned to Emma Lamarho had earned ovory cent, by tlio labor of liis liands., Ho had acquired rogular imbits and rogninod his solf-rcspoet; and when lio asked Emma Lhmar to bo his wifo, alio was not ashamed to say tlint Bho Iovod him. ThooldMoadoiyshousownsrofurnisliod, "and, thrown opon. A happy family gatliorcd in it, and rosy children played in tho garden. . Tlioy.littlu dreamed how noar to death' thoir; beloved father bad onco oomo in that old placo. 