THE MAN WITH THE BROKEN ARM. A GHOST STOUT. Tho following story' by' tho Hon. Stophon Coloridgo appears in a lato numbor of The IFomm'e World : — "Thought I. us tho wind wailed without, nod tho clock kopt up its pitiless ropitition, truly it is n fearful night for a man. to dio in, and tho douths of mon uro us diffororit as their livos. I was startled froth my thoughts by sorno ono riuging nn imporouB summons at my door. Thoro was a lull in thostorm whon I opened it. A inan was thoro under tho portico, who at once addressed mo : ' Aro you a surgeon ?' I replied tluit I was ; ho stopped in, and I closed tho door uf tor him, and led nim into tho library. ' I wish you,' ho said, throwing off his looso cloak with ono liund; ' to doctor my arm.' I now saw that his loft arm had notlung upon it but the Blurt sloovo, nnd liung ut Ids sido, obviously brokou; tlio rest of his person was dressed in Bombro garmonts indistinguishable from tlio hooka against which ho stood, aud iu tlio dim light only a whito arm, and, if pos sible, wliitor faco wero visihlo. I took tho lamp luid brought it to tho striug-courso of tho book- cusocloso to him, aud rolling up tho sleovo found tho arm broken a fow inches above tho wrist. After u careful uxuminiitiou I explained that it luidbottor beset ut ouce, to wliich lie merely replied, 'Very goodj' and for lmlf nn hour nothing was said on either sulo as I went at my task with professionul promptitude. Whon nil was completed, tho arm fixed immovahlo, mid tho cloak thrown ovor him onco more, ho passod into tlio luill, I opened tho door und said, ' It will require looking at,' referring to his arm ; .'when will you coiuo again V' 'I will. come again.' ho replied, ' when our friend is buried.' '.What friend?' I gaspod. Tlio light ovor my door illumined tlio immovable wluto features ; tho lips novor stirred, hut the oyes looked at mo and stud, ' Ho whom you laid loft whon I camo.' ' Iu tho name of God,' said I, 'who and what uro you'i" Tho strangor mado no answor, hut, throwing his cloak ovor liis mouth, Btrodo away into tho durkucss ! . . When I reached tho houso I found that death hud been thoro boforo wo ; my friend had breatliod liis liiBt about half an hour aftor I luid loft him. I asked whotlior ho had been conscious ut nil boforo tlio ond, niul tlioso about him ropliod tluit ho lmd talked with emphasis ubout sorno mutter thoy could not understand, and that ho had frequently mou- tionod sorno gauntlet about wliich, as fur as thoy could comprehend, ho scorned in great dis tress. Tliis I attributed ut tho timo to dolirium, and aftor a lust sad look at tho pouccful faco I returned homo sorrowful. On tho last day of tho year tho gloomy procession of licurso and car- riages started from my friend's house to tho cemetery. Chill nnd cold seemed tho clinpcl ns wo rose to follow the coflin to tho grave, whilo tho wluto hare walls echoed ugnin to tho horrid trump und scufllo of tlioso who bent under their ghastly burden. As we passed out a figure stepped from tlio side of tho portico and joined tlic slow procession ; in nn instant I recognised tlio stranger whoso nnu I had set ; lie bowed grax-cly to nic, and I returned his salutation. When xve reached tlio gravo ho took up a position opposite to myself, and I had leisure to observe, in spite ot tlio umplo cloak lie woro, that lie carried a parcel of some sizo in his right hand. When all wus over, ono hy ono the others dopartcd till tho stranger and myself were left gazing down in silcnco upon tho coffin. Ho camo slowly round and 'stood by my sido, but as I remained motionless nnd silent, ho at last addressed n 0. ' Z wish,' lio said ' to accompany you to your house ; huvo you your carringo ?' I replied that it wns waiting for mo at tho clinpcl, and wo moved away togothor in that direction. It was dusk whou wo reached tlio carringo and got in. . . At my houso door I would liavo bid him begono in God's namo, but that a niunolcss fear of liim prevented mo. Coldly I invited him to cntor, nnd wo passed together into tho house. In the library, at his request, I examined his arm und did what was necessary to it. When I had finishod this task I asked him us politely as_ I could whothor ho lmd any further business with me, to which ho repliad that ho' would ask this single favour of mo, that inasmuch as ho was leaving tlio country that night, it would ho a kindnoss to him woro I to tako chargo of a certain parcel, which perhaps I had seen he carried, until his return. I ropliod that I should havo no objection; and, saying ho had left it in tho liall, ho wont out. Wliilo ho was gono I turned with my hack to tho room, and stirred up tho fire. Tho noise I mado in doing tin's prevented my hearing his footsteps as ho returned. I wns stooping over tlio fire with my hack to him, whou I heard his voico behind mo say, ' Horo it is ; it is a gauntlet, for which I shall come to you again.' Tliis montion of a gauntlet brought some unformod recollection into my mind as I turned round to tako it. Whon I faced him I saw a sight to fraazo tho blood ! Tho man was holding out towards mo tlio parcol ho had carried at the grave-side, hut — with liis broken arm ! I put out my hand in dumb horror to tako it. I folt a suddon immenso weight tlmt my ono hand could not support, nnd tho bundle foil upon tho floor be tween us with a crash. I glnncod down at it for a bare moment, looked up, and found mysolf nlono ! I staggorcd round, caught sight of my matures livid in tho mirror ovor tlio fire, and know no more till hours lator my servants found mo stretched at full length upon tho hoarthrug, slowly recovering from a deop trance. Boforo doing anvthing oiao, I sont ovoryono away, arid examined tho bundle that still lay upon tho floor of my room. It proved to contain, ns ho lmd said, an iron gnuntlot, hut ono of such enormous proportions tlint it was impossible to conceive a. human hand gigantic enough to wear it. ,'I remember tluit thoro was iiu unusod -cupboard in tho wail behind tho_ hciul of my own bod upstairs, where it might lio for ovor in perfect sufoty. I ascended to my hod- room, pulled out tlio hod, locked tlio great- gauntlet into tho cuplionrd, niul put tho koy oil to my hunch. Timo went on, uml seasons passed uwuy, till wh»t I havo recorded was fading from my momory, when on tlio sumo day of tlio year, seven yonrs later, aftor ft torriblo day's work at tho bedside of suffering, I reached my houso after midnight, spout nnu weary. 1 gave tlio coachman instructions for. tlio morning,' and then, as hy . dro vo awny, turned r.to. opon tho door. Upon tho stops, tho light over, tho door fujiing . upon i . his ashy . features, stood a miin whom I .instantly 'recognised., I stood whoro I was in silence. ' I havo coirio,' ho suhl quietly, for, that" gauntlet nnd.I suiil nothing, Anit'opehod tlio door and led him, ns' I lmd done on tlio atiiuo last" day of - tho year, seven years before, into my library. Thero stood tho lamp as boforo it hiiu stood, tho clock pointed to tlio vory hour mid minute at which it hud pointed before, and tho interval of timo sconieu to have vanished at it at.roko. . ' To-night,' thought I as I rang tho boll loud ' and long, J to- night I will not bo alono.' ' I will fetch it,' I said to tho strangor, and going out, locked tho study d-ior behind mo, and waited in tho hull for my servant. In a fow moments ho camo hurrying up. ' Now,' said I, 'stay you at this door nntl Beo that tho man I havo locked in thero does not eomo out.' I mounted to my bedroom nud pulled out the lied from tho Willi, exposing tho door of tho cupboard. I took tlio caudle and put it nn tho heil whoro it would throw its light into tho place when opened, unlocked tlio door, niul looked in. It wus ulisolutelr empty! With a cry I lied downstairs, and liurdly knowing what I did, called on iny servant ns ho valued his life not to lot tho mini escape, turned tho koy, and burst into tho library. Tlioro wns no ono thoro ! Shutters barred— door locked— lamp quietly burning — tho room — empty ! 'You look ill, sir,' said my sorvant. ' Ay,' I niiBworcd, ' I nm.' I loft tho houso noxt day novor to return. But ono windy night, not long ago, driving past it, there, on tho doorstop undor tho flickoring light, I saw tlio strangor wrapped in his cloak. 'Ah, uh !' said I to myself , laughing, ' thoy will want another tenant 'thoro soon." As wo passed on down, tho street I lifted tho flap nohind mo in tho back of tho carringo to tako unotlior look at tho figure uridor tho hunj)', und saw, ilat uguiust tho| glass, eloso against my own, tlmt torriblo faco whito and iixod 1" 