THE ENGLISH FLOWER GARDEN. The following review of Mr. William Robin son's book is givon in tho (r«<mftan :— "Rather more than a quarter of a century ago a gor geous stranger appeared in our gardens, and was regarded with as great surprise and admiration assomo scarlet warrior by tho lads and lasses of his native village, to which becomes on furlough. Our Euglish Flora, stnrtlcd in her sweofc sim plicity and fascinated by his splendid prcsoncc, forgot her engagement to that which may bo called tho natural system, and transferred her affections to this gaudy suitor, who called him self 'Bedding out.' Like tho fair Imogeno, wlion the Baron, all covered with jewels and gold, arrived at her front door, she became 'untruo to hor vows.' She exchanged her graceful undulations and curves, her green alleys nnd cool grots, her walks amid tho shrubberies, in which she roved in maidon meditation, and heard the mollow ouzel fluting in the Elm, for treeless squares of sward, as fiat as tho spirit level and tho garden roller could inako them. On thoso wero cut all tho figures in Euclid, with an assortment of crowns, Maltese crosses, serpents, tadpoles and numerous less enormities, to be colored when the summer camowith Verbenas and Calceolarias (purple and gold like tho cohorts of tho Assyrian), scarlet Geranium, and tho tho whito Alyssum. The diningroom carpet was to bo reproduced on the lawn ; the landscape gardener was to learn his art from the kaleidoscope. Flowering trce3 and shrub3, Laburnums, Lilac, Syriugas, Almonds, Roses, Borbcris, Laurustinus, went down by tho hundred (alas I tho hand whioh writes this paper grasped tho axo and saw I) and grand clumps of flowers, denounced ns coarso aud dingy in com parison with thoso now importations, wero dug up and destroyed. Now wo woro to havo thrco months of dazzling coruscations, and, when tho frost enmo, a shabby, flowerless exposition of flabby leaves, and then beds baro and brown. Tho cathcrino wheels and othor firoworks collapsed into ohnrred wood and tinder. Evon this brief period of efflorescence was liablo to curtailment. Tho writer wa3 onco staying with a floral friend, whowas considered to havo tho most tasteful display of tho 1 bedding out system ' in tho midland counties, it not beyond them. Seen in. tho light of tho setting sun, this garden was enthusiastically admired by the guests ns a sight to mako au old man young ; but there was a thunderstorm on that July night, and when those guests looked out from their drcssingrooms at morn thoy road Ichabod in that dank desolation. Happily, and apropos of Imogeno and midnight, a chango camo o'er tho spirit of this dream. Whan this new system of uoral devolopmeut seemed to have obtained a Papal supremacy, and when ovory garden whioh was not ' bedded out ' was ro- gardod as 'moan aud poky,' when evon cottages had cxpcllod their Giiiyflowors, their Ladalovo and Miohaolmas Daisies to make room for a few of these gay novelties, when the marriage between Flora and tho Baron was celebrated with universal joy, and tho ' tables they groaned with tho weight of tho feast, and the bells of the castle struck one,' then appeared tho Nemesis of retribution, tho ghost of Alonzo— Alonzo, by William Robin son—accompanied by an escort of aveng ing spectres. His book, as a guide and refer ence, must be welcomed with its beautiful and truthftri illustrations, tho most important and instructive addition which has been made for many years to tho florist's library." 