BARNAWARTHA. Bono write for lovo, somo writo for fnrao, fiomo writo to provo thoy'ro scholars, But as my liorn In getting cgoil, I write to round up dollars. Bat ftantlo reader do not think Tho dollars all engrossing Bomutimos I writo to help a friend As through tills world lio's tossing. I enow of no animal that varies so much in valuo toman as the horso. Somo of ' them are treasures, quiet, docile, add staunch; easily caught, easily kept, easily , - driven, and go from morning till night \- without any trouble. Others again aro not worth their grass ; virions kickers and jibbers, hard to catch, and no good when caught; with bad mouths and worse tem pore, keeping you in perfect dread all itbe timo you're driving. Then others again, no . matter what their othor qualities may be, have ho regard for tho feelings, inconveni ences, .or pookets of their proprietor (at' least somo about Barney haven't), for only the other day, as Miohl. R— n was start ing out for a load of wood, his noddy with out any notico throw himself back in the . breeching and gave up the ghost in one . minute 27 seconds, although he know thero wasn't a stick of wood at home. Another bright speoimon belonging to T— A— n (although ho know ho would be wanted particularly in tho morning) suddenly took it into his head there was. nothing worth living for in this world,- as feed had gone up to suoh a fearful prioo#andtho woather was so awfully trying, deliberately committed tfuxcide in the Fryingpan Creek, perfeotly \- rugiiriuuuu oi utts uwuur a juaa uuu luu uuau of oromation. Then again, up the creek, a ' very self-willed mare persisted in baying the strangles, and went, bung very quickly. Another burglariously broko into his boss's granary aud gorged himself on. a bag of . wh'oat, and joined the others on the other ride of Jordan, where there is no ohargo for . horse feed. Talk about man's inhumanity to man— why a horse's inhuhorsity to man is. quite "»b worse" if not a jolly sight "woreer." There being a great diversity of opinion ; ' as tothebeat mode to euro and smoke boconi an individual down our way, im ported from foreign parts (bis resources and . accomplishments being of a very hetero genous character), professed to show how it could V bo did" to perfection. Ho first secured his pigs, cut their throats and . oured them after (this isn't intended for a . pun), then hung them up in a room sus pended from spreaders from wall to wall, .mado a fire on the floor, stuffed up the ' chimney, locked the door, and bottled up the smoke. XJpon hiB return some time after he found the fira must have boon just a little bit too strong, for tho strings wero burnt and some dozen hams and sides wero i cooking in ono delightiul bla/.e on tbo floor. Tho reault wns thatchoap cooked bacon was knooking about vory Boon after. Ho has since giveu bacon Bmoking best, and scratched it out of hiB list of accomplish ments, for although ho claims ho can care ' pigs with any man, yob ho is obliged to ' confess ho cannot always "save his bncon." It is computed that it will oost the Yaok- andaudnh Sbiro Council £1000 to repair tho damages caused by tho late rains to tho bridges, roads and culverts in the shire, ; independent of tho woir that baa "gono hung" in Barney. "Ah, woll, it's all good for trade," as tho grave-digger said when ho heard typhoid fever waBin tho town. "Wo wanted something, for I haven't bnrled a living soul theso five wooks." Love, Courtship andMaubiaqk.— The fifth entertainment in 'connection with;tho . Evenings for tho People,, was -given ' last Wednesday by the Rev, S,. Harris, of ' AViincrarattft. wlieso subject was Love. Courtship and Marriage. The lecture was on tho whole very interesting; ami ; proved caroful preparation. There were about 50 peoplo present, who showed- their npprecia: tion of tho lecturer's renmrks by frequent applause and outbursts of merriment. The noxt entertainment, . which is tho last of the series, will bd held, next WednoBduy, when a lantorn locturoyiU.bo givon. . . iveatli ok Miss e. Goodwin. — at G t/oldck yesterday morning this young lady died' at Leonard's Albion Hotel, Corown, \ . . whore she had been . lying ill for the last two weekB. Drs. Loughrey, " alters, Lurig and Tofft had all Bovenuly attended ' .her, anil although there wero ho suspicious ' surrounding -circumstances, tho, medical ' gentlemen could not succeed in diagnosing. tho case, andj consequently, a certificate authorising burial cannot bo given until a Tiont mortem examination-' has been mude. -Miss Goodwin was hnich -loved by her friends and acquaintances, and, .her, oaih death, at the -ago of 21 years, IB much ; deplored. . ; , from our correspondent. 