MARY FOYE. CHAPTER XVII. MATTERS at this time were taking a turn which not a little disconcerted Madame and Jenkius, nud the speculative lawyers also. The ease on for trial before thle court that morning was to establish nmadame's claim to the St. John property--or, in other I words, to establish her imarriage. The ccr- t tificate was produced, a:ld .fenkins's evi- I dence, as well as that of the old sextou, a; to the haudwritieg of theli officiating parson i and other siynatoriss. luyl given. The opposing counsel was jus:t cbout to abandon I his opposition, whenu lie was observed to be holding tihe certificate sp between himse!f and the light, aud euriously examining tilhe document. His eyes danced-he seemed intensely amused-exclaiming: " My lord, here is :obvious fraud. Thisi document is mnnufactured for this swindle. 5 The certificate bears date 1865, whereas the paper bears the water-mark of being made two years later--namely, in 1867." r The moment this damning evidence came I out, Jenkins endeavoured to slink out of i court, but the judge immediately ordered him into custody. There was great excite ment, and steps were immediately taken to arrest the female co-conspirator. It was during the.e proceedings tlhat ( Captain Foyo and the fisherman intruded themselves upon madame. " That be she ! I know her at onet. Sshe I hired my boat. I'd know her in a million," cried the fisherman excitedly. The woman started violently. A thou- b sand fears assailed her. She kinew not what f was behind all this. But still she strove for self-possession. With a desperate effort t she tore her eyes from the steely ones which 1 held them, forcing a mocking smile as she looked about upon the intruders. Captain 1 Foyo with a stern anId alnost revergfsul manner proceeded to address her thus- "I come to give youS a sketch of a woman's life, madame. It may weary you, but you must hear it out. The name of t this woman was-cand is-Juliet Fleury; I her country, France; her parents, a Parisian I grisette and an English gamnbler. For years the dissolute companion of Harvey St. I John. She inever rwas his wife. She then tried to persuade tile men to marry iher. He refused. Juliet Fleury was not amiable, and she was revengful. She was ambitious too. She desired the death of her lover to come forth as his wife when his rich uncie, I whose heir he was, died. She went first to a country church remote from the place where St. John was and-set that church 1 on fire." A violent wave of colour rushled over the I madame's handsome faco; she stamped her fooet and exclaimed furiously "it's false. Whore are your proofs ? " Bunt unmindful 1 of the interruption, he continued- "Her object was to burn the records, so that when she testified to having been mar- I riod in that church there would be no possi- ( bility of disproving her statement, tihe clergyman whom s!he stated had. performed the cermony being dead. From that chlurch in Cresswell, which she left in ruins, she went straight to Crane village, in the vicinity of Crane Castle, where St. John 1 had gone for a few days, She arrived in the night, kept herself out of sight of I people, and in the morning sought the beach where her lover was in the habit 'of walking. " She found him there, approached him t rapidly from behind, fired the fatal shlot and 1 fled. " One more thing I have to say to you I Juliet Fleury," continued the captain to tihe I guilty creature, " one more thing. Harvey St. John assured you-in that note whichl you carried about with you-that hlie had married. That statement of his was true. Perhaps you already iknow it. He beguiledi a mere school-girl into a secret marriage, she being heiress to a great fortune. But her father lost the fortune St. John coveted, and he never claimed hIis girlish bride. Nevertheless, she was hIis legal wife, and is now heiress to the estate which you seek to possess." Madame shrank and paled and shuddered in her jewels and her gleaming satin dress, like a light flickelring in tihe sockelt of a golden candlestick. It was pitiful-most pitiful to see her; though she vwas wicked to the core and offensive to the moral senouse, she was still a woman, young, handsome, and so utterly helpless in her downfall who appealed to their compassion. Here the parties woere startled by the abrupt entrance of an unexpected party, a police man, who presented himself to the as tonished company, and producing a warrunt announced it his duty to arrest madame for conspiring to defraud, &te.;, and requested her to accompany him without delay. The attorneys who had lost their money in pur suing the claims of the adventuress were wild at being deceived, and gave every assistance to the authorities. More dead than alive our lady was intro duced to a prison, for had the bench allowed bail to be offered for her release until brought to trial, she had no friend who would tender it. She quite lost her head under the trying circumstances, and made moat frantic appeals to be allowed to escape. CHAPTER XVIII. Lucy was alone in her fathor's library awaiting the return of Sir Herbert. At length, after long soreness of hIeart and many woundings of spirit selloe had settled down to the pleasant conviction that Herberrt was learning to love her. He had been kinder to her in these sweoost, swifc days tihat preceded tihe wedding-day. She was faintly smiling over thoughlts of what he had said to her in the morning, dreamily wondering what kept him out so late, and sleepily musing over memories of the becomingness of the bridal dress, when she heard the slumbering footman in the hall arouse himself to admit Sir Herbert. Luoy sat uip erect and rubbed her eyes. The colour flow to her fair chleeks, and a happy smile to her lips, as her betrothed came into the library, paused in the middle of the floor, and stood ased looked at her. Then an exolamation of terror broke from her, for Herbert was frightfully pale, and had the distraught air of a madman. " To- morrosw wo asre to be nmarried, are we not, Lucy ?" "Yes, desir lHerlert. Oh, what is thi matter with you ? You frighten me." "There is nothing the matter with me, cousin. Do I look as- if there nwas ? Tlhat ij not strange, for I witnessed an exoitiog soone to-night. They have discovered the murderess of St. John, and I saw her. Who do you think it is ?" " Not-not-Misas Foyve ?" "Miss Foye I Mary Foye ! that angel from Hcaveno Take care what you say, Lucy. That child hlas been cruelly mar tyred-oh, how wrongly, how cruelly sus pIected ! It was thant impostor who set up to be his wife, who sought possession of his property-that French mnadaime. Lucy, you must have a strangely suspicious mind to think of Miss Foye- " " it was you lwho taught me to suspect iher," cried poor Lucy. " And now that you find she is innocent, I suppose you are in love with her again, and come to me to free you !" and she burst into tears. "Lucy I Why do you talk so? Why do you-" " Because it is true, and you cannot deny it l Yo are wretched now because you cannot marry your ' angel from Heaven.' "I have always confessed that yon were not my first choice, Lucy. But I shall be a good husband to you. I am a man of hlonour- " " You are not, cousin Herbert. You did not treat Miss Foye honourably-you havre not treated me honourably. You have made both of us miserable. But, thank God, it is not too late. This time to morrow it would have been. I will wed the man who loves me rather than the man I love. I will not consent to make you miserable." There was a flash of fire from a pair of blue eyes, a lovely, flushed face shone be fore him an instant and was gone. Sir Crossley was not a little surprised that evening when Lucy informed him that her marriage was postponed. She seemed much depressed and irritated. Being pressed for the reason, she said the arrange meont had been made at her request, and that Sir Herbert had agreed to her wishes, which struck the old baronet as rather a funny proceeding on the part of bothl par ties. Nevertheless, as thie day had not been positively announced to their circle, no sur prise would be created by its postponement. The intervening time passed swiftly on. Lucy apparently recovered much of her lost spirits, whiileo Lord Grimston was more assiduous than ever. Sir Herbert, on the contrary, was like the ghost of his former self. His manner was silent, abstracted, and listless-not unlike what might be wit nessed in the criminal whose final hour was approaching. At length the dreaded day arrived. Sir Herbert, who lhad passed a sleepless night, was reminded by his valet that he must pre pare for thie sacrifice. Lucy, whose self love and pride had been fearfully wounded by the whole afifair, frequently alluded to her coming nuptials with a touch of mali cious pleasure that was lost upon the listless bridegroom, but not upon others. Descend ing to the drawing-room, he found Sir Crossley in high spirits. " Why, how pale you are, my boy ! Bless mny soul i You are niot scared, are you ? " and the old baronet laughed good-naturedly. It seemed an age to the bridegroom be fore tlhe slow hands of the clocks about the house reached a quarter to eleven. Lucy had got over her anger, for all the preparations wvere going on; and now the carriages stood before the door, and there was a soft rustle of satin on the stairs; and down swept the bride, very pale-paler than the groom- but so calm and sweet and lovely that Herbert's heart, albeit well-nigh rent in twain by its own misery, softened as Ihe looked upon her, and he went up and kissed her rose-leaf cheek while she gave him a faint, strange smile. The invited guests were to go to church first, coming, after the ceremony, to the wedding-breakfast. Only two or three be sides the family came first to the house, and these were all relatives, with the exception of Lord Grimston. It struck Sir Herbert that it was hardly in good taste to torment the unfortunate lord by making him a witness to his rival's happintess. He made no remarkl however, and Grimston's elegant equipage took its place in thie little procession which whirled rapidly away, and soon drew up before the fashionable church of the neighbourhood. Sir Herbert grow colder and whiter as the carriage in which he was stopped before the church doors. When he entered the vestibule the bride's party was already there, having arrived a few moments earlier. Summoning all his courage Sir Herbert glanced again at the bride. He did not know that she had the possibility of blossom ing into such splendid beauty. Her eyes wero like sun- confronting sapphire, her cheekls softly coloured, liher whole expression modest and grave, but full of spirit and animation. " If I iad not loved Mary firset I might have adored this sweet cousin," thought the bridegroom as he approached her. Just then some people, late in arriving, passed through ths vestibule into thse crowded churclh. Sir Herbert started anud began to tremble. Captain Foye and hirs daughter ihad come to witness this marriage. He stood stocki-still; his eyes were on the pavement; it seemed to him as if this world and the things thereof were slipping away from him--he remained in a sort of trance. " Come," said some one it a cheerful voice, taking him by the elbow, " come, or you will be too late to witness the ceremony." It was one of the relatives who thus urgl'sd him. iHe started from his dream, looloig wvildly abouti himu. Lucy was note there-nor Sir Crossley-nor any but him self and this friend. "Where are they?" he murmured, not half-comprshending. " They have all gone up to the altar. As soon as the music ceases the ceremony will COlsnmeneo." " What ceremony ? Where is Lucy ?" The grand organ ceased to roll forth thie sweeoot measure of the Wedding March, and the friend made answer: "Being married to Lord Grimston." Sir HeI-lrbert stared as if his eyes would come out of his head. " Did you not know ?" asked the relative, puzzled. " The cthange in the programme was niinounced at the house an hour before wolhft. lIs she given you the mitten, old boy ?" "Yes," answeored Sir Berbort loudly, atdding under his breath, " thank God 1" Lord and Lady Grimoton went to Italy for the winter. sir Ho'erbt was pitsed and laughed at. He bore up bravely under his embarrassments, and it may be that he quietly gave to gossip the turn it finally took, which made him the disappointed one and his fair cousin a heroine with two devoted lovers, one of whom she was obliged, of course, to throw over. At the same time that the fashionable world was exercised over the conduct of Lucy, the whole of London and of England too, fashionable and otherwise, was surprised and excited over the strange termination to the St. John murder affair. These things furnished talk for more than the traditional nine days which are supposed to wear outtho most wonderful wonder. Winter and spring fled on, as all seasons of time will do. It was understood that Sir Herbert Leighton had retired to Craue Castle to brood over his disappointment in love. Meantimo the Rookery, not far away, bloomed into that rich beauty of which the place was capable in summer. Againin a soft white dress, with a red rose twined in her dark locks, Mary paced the moonlit verandah-not alone. Some one walked by her side, with eager face bent down to hers, and quick, pleading, earnest words, such as no woman can listen to unmoved, pouring their passionate mean ing in her ear. Mary looked up with a bewitching smile. " Yon are sure-absolutely sure-that you will never again be unreasonably jealous ?" " I swear it Mary. Never, never II have had my lesson. As to Lucy, she was amply rewarded by the devotion of Lord Grimston. They say that the love that comes after is deeper than that which precedes marriage. It certainly has this advantage-that good qualities are not taken upon trust, but upon experience. Lucy lhad reason to be thankful that she had not taken the shadow for the substance, and laughingly quizzed Sir Herbert upon her "narrow escape. The termination of Jnliet's career was less tragic than she merited. The charge of murder could not be sustained, the cir cumstantial evidence being too weak. The bullet that was extracted from the body of the murdered mau had been unaccountably mislaid, and therefore could not be com pared with those remaining in the undis charged barrels of the revolver dropped in the boat. The charge of fraud and forgery was clearly proved against the culprits, who paid the penalty which fell to the lot of a certain " unfortunate nobleman "-as the Wagga-Wagga Butcher has been styled by his friends. THE E:(D. 