Memmon. The gray curtains of morning twilight hung gloomily over the endless dunes of sand. Toe drab-green leaflets of the mimosa were not rustled by the slightest breeze, and no bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery to the broken column of the temple ; nor a ray of silver light to dispel the ashen gloom of the heavens, or break the songless repose of the paln-dotted desert. The distant river, with its fringe of olives melted into the sky, and its silvery shimmer appeared like the sinuous reflection of a lumir?os lily-star in a gently rippled lake. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost above the parched sands, and the peaceful spirit of silence seemed to reign until the morning song of ymnon should break the potent opell. The eternal l'yramtds frowned in the dis tance in orders gray, and the acacias bent like the Faithful in prayer, as though im. pressed by the subtle oharm of the silence that was lonely and unbroken. The herons stood in majestic immobility, as though charmed, among the reeds and :edge that surrounded their watery haunts. Numbers of motionless palms were etched, like sentinels, against the horizon, whose hem was yet unconscious of the first faint I iss of dawn-whore folds and draperiea of I gray seemed awaiting the golden roses of sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfect beauty. In the midst of this apparently eternal hush, this silence that would make eqch a beautiful baek ground for the harp etring twang cf his morning voice, Melmnon sat in the unbroken solitude, with no breeze to fan his cheek, looking eteadfastly toward the east or the first rosy light to tremble in the wan, white sail of day, and wake the as:enti of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre mantle seemed to fall from the sky, and in the distance be Shind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush ol •rose appeared, a breeze started across the bhurnie deert, the lips of Memnon parted, and fi ed the Iigplel air of midsomme with: " I iit bo ncugh fog you 1" ': PioL. Sr iezzot 