LADY STRATHMORE'S STRATAGEM. BY CLABA MULHOLLASD, Au'.bur of "The Miser of King's Court," " Percy's Revenge," &o.;, &c.; CHAPTER XX. The next evening as the ean was near its etttiufj, and was turning the windows of the Abbe; into squares of burnished gold, Lady >3tr&tLii.ore; drove up the avenue in a handsome carnage and pair. She had not intended returning so soon. But that night she had been troubled by strange dreams. Away from Longbridge, she was often anxious and ill at ease. But now a terrible fear had taken possession of her, a certainty that something dreadful had happened there pressed heavily upon her; and ehe determined to cut short her visit at Asliton and hurry back to the Abbey. Airs. Learmouth laughed at her anxiety. What could possibly happen in that deBerted old houee with its three or four servants ? The ghosts might make a little more noise atnight. But what of that ? And she did all she couid to persuade her guest to remain where she was. fine Lady Strathmore was firm, and insuted upon going that day. So no more was said. The carriage was ordered round ; ano', uidding good-bye to her friend, she set out for Longbridge. It was nearly 7 o'clock when Strathmore .heard sounds of wheels in the drive; and from the library window he saw Ida mother arrive. He was very white and stern, and as he went forward to meet her there was no emile of weloome upon his face. " Strathmore," she cried in astonishment, . "you here! I thought you had sailed for Australia." .. "I changed my mind at the last," he replied coldly> "and came down here yesterday." Lady Strathmore trembled violently, and looked at him with a quick, searching glance. " Then you have been here all night. Iam sorry 1" "fray come in,- mother; I have much to say to you." He assisted her to alight, and gave her his arm up the steps. " I must go to my room, how," she said, as they entered the balL "You can tell me your news at dinner. I am tired after my drive." "No, mother. You muBt come with me now." - •• And, startled by his tone of oommand, Lady iStrathmore allowed him to lead her into the library. He placed her on a couch and shut the door. " Mother," he said, and his voice was low and lull of emotion. " I have passed a terrible night. I have seen and heard things that have almost driven me mad with grief and horror." She laughed nervously, but her face grew white as alabaster. " Indeed! But I thought you would never believe in ghostB." Strathmore caught her hand, and fixed his eyes in anger upon her. "Ghosts? Good heavens! Mother, that nonsense is at an end. I have discovered your vile plot. Discovered that Strathmore has been alive all these years. That I—your eon—have been an impostor, usurping hia name and wealth, whilst he " He turned away. Tears choked his utterance, and leaning against the mantelpiece, he sobbed aloud. Lady Strathmore sank back upon the aofa. She opened her lipB as though about to speak. But no sound came forth. Then with a groan, ehe covered her face with her hands. Strathmore came towards her presently and for a moment stood gloomily watching her. Then he stooped and touched her, hoping to make her look up. and meet his gaze. But she shrank away, cowering yet ' lower. " Mother," he said, " why did you do this ? Why did yon conceal the fact of Percy's malady ? Why did you announce that he was dead?" She made no reply, aud shivered as though in pain. On the table waB a decanter of wine. Pouring some into a glass he took it to her, and placing his hand for an instant up in her shoulder said gently— "Drink this, and then try to answer my questions." Still keeping her head averted, she took the proffered glass, and eagerly drank off its contents. " Now, I insist upon a reply. Why did you wiokedly pretend that Percy was dead ?" " He was dead," she moaned. " Dead to all interest in life—all knowledge of who and what he was. He was mad." '' Mad ness is not death. And so loDg as he lived, lhad no. right to bear his name, to enjoy his estates. It was a cruel, a wicked act of injustice to treat him as you have done; and when it is known it will bring nothing but disgrace and shame upon us." She suddenly sprang erect, and held out her hands imploringly, passionately. " It must never be known, Hugh, never. Fcrcy is mad. The life he leads is the hapfciett he can ever live." " Alas ! Percy's life is at an end. He died in my arms early this morning." L&dy; Strathmore uttered aery of joy. " Dead—at last. My plan has succeeded. My secret haB been Kept." Then turning fiercely on her son she cried— " But why did you come here prying into my affaire 1 Had you stayed away all would have been wetland I should have been Bpared this horrible scene. He would have died quietly, and sou should never have heard that his death had not taken place nearly three years ago." "And so you would have done a more cruel wrong still." Lady Strathmore's eyes blazed. Her whole frame was shaken with the violence of her paeaiou. " You are ungrateful — unfeeling," she cried. " For you my plana were laid. For your sake, lest the secret Bhonld get noised abroad, I have watched continually, living in this lonely house with a madman—who any night might have mnrdered us in our beds !" He made a movement of horror. Bat she heeded him not, and continued— " Three years ago Percy was brought here by a stranger—a young doctor. He had occasionally attended him, and was anxious to have him well looked after. He had found; him wandering aimlessly about London, ani tried to induce bim to go'home with him. But Percy insisted upon eoming to Longbridge, and so this man accotripanied him, and they arrived here One night just as we were all going to bed. The next morning "Percy see me d pretty well, but bis friend was; 'very ill, Dr. Herstal was in bad with a cold, EO I telegraphed to London for Dr. Smith. He came, bringing with him a trained '• nuiae. Bat care and attention were of no' avail. In a short time the man died—and' the tnorning before bis death Percy wis 'a! laving iunatio. Then I thought pf you. Why: ahodld you be .kept out of the estates, the: ;name<and position, because of this poor crea- ; "tare, nhoEe mind was a blank, yet who 1 might live for years. Suddenly, like a ; "flafch—the idea came to me. Percy was! 'dead to all intents and purposes. He' ehonld 'be announced as dead, indeed.I The nurse was the only person besides the doctor who went hear the,fuck "..stranger, for hip toul disease kept all the servants away. She believed him to be Lord Strathmore, and I did not enlighten her. A few thousand pounds brought Dr. Smith round to my assistance. And JoneB and hia wife were easily persuaded by the promise of high "wages to attend upon Percy, and keep ms etfifitence a secret. : Strathmore groaned, and bowed hia he&3 ihtooifow. '" And jrell thsy did it," he murmured, " My poor Percy, what a fatd was yours." "Dr. Herstal was my greatest trouble," continaed Lady Strathmore. " He, I knew, would never consent to keep the thing secret. But here again fortune favoured me—for news, came that ho was bankrupt, and I rejoiced to get rid of him— cent hiin word that he must go. But lest any one should suspeot my real feelings, I pretended to be sorry, and kept Lacy with me to the last." " Oh, mother! How cruel. How heartleis you have been," She laughed, and walked restleBBly up and down the room. " Yes, I was cruel. But thiak what the end was that i had in view. Hnw conldl tell Percy would die at the end of three yeais? He was young, strong in constitution, and might.live, the dootor said, to bean old man." Strathmore uttered a long cry and sank Into a chair. "Would that he had Would that he had! But those wretches you put to watch him cegleoted him,; and his early death is upon 1 our head and theirs," '' What nonsense! Hia death is merely the result of his disease." " Partly, - And yet, had he been carefully •watched, he might yet be alive. Would that he were !' I'd give everything I possess to find that that cruel eoene, that sad death, was only a dream, and that Percy waB still fcere, living and well." "lhtn you are a fool, sbe shrieked, " an utter fool! and not worth ail the trouble I have taken and Buffered on your acsoant. 2 bat ymi ir.ight be Lord Strathmore, aod live a lilt of luxury, I eacrifioed my own happiness —my own comfort; spent my days in sol:- t i de my nights in terror; gave up my inends —urd ail I receive in return is iagratitude— ingratitude." S'r*t!imere ef rarg to hia feet. His handi cVi .J, hie teeth set. t • nut SDeak of gratitude "he cried, * Hiuiil loathe the very thought of what yon have done. That you oould stoop to such wioked deception fills me with rage, and— " He Btopped abruptly. " You are my mother," he continued presently. "Imust respect you, and refrain from saying all I feel." "Pray do not mind me," she said, dryly, "frothing you may say can affect me much, I have attained my object. Fortunately, you did not discover Percy's existence sooner. Now that he is dead there is no more to be said or done. You are Lord Strathmore, whether you wish it or not." "Pardon me. In thinking so, you make a great mistake," he said slowly. " I have no right to that name. Percy was married, and has left ason." 