LOCAL NTEWS. -0 TIHE Kiema IlBa~s land performed solec tions of sacred tousile throughout the town on Christmas Eve. A LA.OGE fire broke out on Christmas morning on the Union Steamship Company and the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com pan's Wharves, Sydney, and destroyed nearly £30.000 worth of property. "A thile Kinlna Court on Tuesday last I1 slaughtoring licenses were granted to vari ous 1sersons; and a stage coach license to Josinal Ieakes, to ply between Wollongong and Ulladulle. Tite inquest touching the death of .a child whoso body was recently found buried in the sand on the sea beach at Wollongong, was acucnced and concluded on Tuesday last, when a woman namued Sarah Sue, wio is married to a Chinaman, and who was in custody upon suspicion of being concerned in the death of the child, was committed to take her trial at the next Contral Crimi nal Court for wilful murder. Ilo.sow.eY's PtLe.s AeND OINTxrENT. Vicissitudes of climate, exposuro anld hard shlips, tell heavily on soldiers end sailors, sowing the seeds of diseases whlich mesy ultimately break up the constitution. Naturally careless of their health a word in season may avert many evils, and may cause them to resort to timely meelsures withlout any difficulty or publicity. IHollo way's offectual remedies are so suitable, and are so easily adapted for the varied complaints to which our soldiers end soailors are reliable, that a supply should alhays be obtained before proceedieg abrw.rd. It may with confidence be stated that manly a valuable lifo might hlave bocee aved, or confirmed cripple pro vented from begging in the strcots, if JIolloway's reomedies haId bon usetl din time,--,t.ll' Turi' town wans throngod with visitors yostorday, antd the vehicular trafflc tb tlh south was well taed. - A' NoririrAT'lor N in Tnuesday's (loerti ibte (i-zetle nlnounces tlht Weodnesday, tho. lth. proximo. his bhui set apait es a publiciholidiv in the Slihellhlrbour district. *; Cinrmirra s DI)" was colobrathdin Kiinut A'ith its usual quietness, the town lboing uorntm ntod hero andL thore with'the ciisto misry Christimts bnshls. '. Tirrmns wsa' a gil ttgendonco at tile Bombo sports vSt,,r, lty. The sports were ontored into with gclot t ositb nid the. princl pal ovenis isesultod as follows:--Open '?tiidicap of £3 10s-J; i.linchey, 1; 0. BraIjithwaiot, 2; J. . Fordo, 3. l3oiomho \orklig motns' ;houdicitp of-£2 lds-II. Thomas, 1; R. P?adddn, 2; -- loberts, 3. Tossing the ctber:-Scott, 1; -Smith, 2. The tug o' war was won by the single meon. Tns picnis in connoctioin with the Roman Catholis Church came off yesterday on the Blowhole Point. There was a large attend ance and overything passed otf satisfactorily. Throughout the day dancing was indulged in, in the small hall, to the music of the violin, played by Mr. S. Chester. Variouns sports, such as racing, etc., were indulged in. Tho point had qito a festive ippoear ance, as the flag-staff was biautifully ar rayed in flags, the work of Pilot Frazer. AN Albion Park correspondent writes as follows:-- A remarkably bright and in- telligent little girl, aged 9 years, daughter of Mr. M. O'Gorman, died on the 20th in- stant under peculiar circumstances. It ap- pears that some three or four months pre- viously she was visiting some friends, among whom there were some children about her own age. Those children, un- known to deceased, managed to get up a game in which a ghost had to appear, and not being in the secret she got such a fright as to so injure her nervous system that paralysis supervened, and notwithstanding medical attention and the care of her par- ents, she gradually sunk and died as above stated. This should act as a warning to children to avoid such dangerous pastime. A RAILWAY accident occurred late on Tuesday evening at Waterfall, on the Illawarra line, to the T.5 p.m. passenger train from Sydney to KIiamna. The train roached Watsiftll just as the goods train, bound for Sydnery was due. The passenger train was accordingly shunted on to a siding to allow the goods td pass, but by some accident the latter, instead of continuing on the main line, turned off into the loopline, where the other train was waiting. Fortu nately the driver managed to pull up jusit in tinme to prevent a serious collision, The buffers touched, but so imperceptibly as to be hardly felt by those ih the carriages, O ie or two o[ the gouda trudcs, however, left the line and it wae some tintme before they were remioved, 'Iho train, whioh was dut at Kitnmna at 10.-10 was delayed about fdun hours later, A tmixed train from Kiama to Sydney was also doliyed for some time, 