TO THE EDITOR OF THE ALBURY BANNER. SIR,—The serious results accruing from practical joking should be warning sufficient for all sensible persons to refrain from such a reprehensible practice, but unfortunately there remain some who, despite all warnings, indulge in practical jokes (if they can be called jokes). Only recently one case has come under my notice, and which may yet prove as dear, if not dearer, to the joker (?) than did that of the " Rutherglen ghost" referred to in the Banner a lew weeks ago, A young gentleman, resident in this neighborhood and well known in the Federal City, recently went out pleasuring. Returning from fishing to the place where he was staying he lound that the joker (?) had been at work ; that a report had spread abroad to the effect that he had made a most determined attempt at t-uicide by jumping into the river or creek, and failing to accomplish his olject he then had recourse to the razor. Such a report naturally caused great alarm to the gentleman's friends. Had I been the victim of this absurd freak I certainly would have taught the person or persons a lesson on practical joking which they would not be likely to forget, but perhaps the joker (?) in this instance has not heard the laet of the matter. It has oft been said " Give a dog a bad name and you may as well hang him." Tbis report has got abroad, and although contradicted by the victim himself, many living at a distance will no doubt be inclined to believe that there is " something in it," and I think tlat the joker (?) should be compelled to publicly apologise for his bit of foolery so to remove all doubt from the public mind.— Yours truly, REX. There are so many wild animals in Western Tens that the County 0<,urt of El Poso County has offered 50 cents lor the scalp of a coyote, prairie wolf, or wild cat; IdoL for a timber wolf; and UJols. for a panther, leopard, or a mountain lion. The insurgent Cretans, who have been in a chronic state of insurrection for the last fifty ytaro, now desire a British protectorate atter the fashion of the Ionian Islands in preference to the Sultan's rale, bat Lord Salisbury does cot propose to gratify them, 