DREAMS AND PRESENTIIIENTS. it (Bt RICHARD A. PROCTOR.I C No. G. d In all past ages nearly all men have he- ti lieved in dreams, presentiments, omens, n and the like, as enabling them in some d degree to foreknow approaching events; a and therefore, apart from all other evi- to dence, it is practically certain that the k belief is erroneous. t This, which sounds to most men like a i stupendous paradox, or rather an absolute "" \- absurdity, is in reality but a comn- sr place and commonse-nse ilnf.irenc from tIhe t .la ws of probability. Wherever judgmeont on a matter of any difficulty depend. on o reasoning the majority is bound to be in i drror; and the more overwhelming the I; majority is, the more certain (if it be not a ii bull to speak of degrees of certainty) is v the opinion of the majority to be erroneous. d This may be readily shown by a simple V example :-Suppose that a qastion is of Ii such diffleulty thataman of av.erage reaon- t ing power has the same chnce' of deciding n itrightly as he would haveof drawiugone f white ball at random out of al urn contain- t ing ten balls, all blck excepht i tl,at wito one. Then if a million such jeen expressed their a several opinions, and it were found that the great maj .rity, say 900,000, agreed in a one opinion, the chance that that opinion was'the right one would be the same that t among 1,000,000 men, all drawing a ball at random from such an urn and replacing a it, a large majority, say 000,000, would r draw the one white ball. We know that e as a matter of fact about 900,000 would t draw each a black ball, and only about t 100,000 would draw the white one. The chance that 900,000 would draw the white ball, though not absolutely evanescent, is I so small as to be practically naught-tlhe odds against such a result being millions of millions of millions to one. So that just as we should feel certain, if 900,000 men ' told us they had all drawn a ball of the same colour, that that colour was not white, so we might feel certain if 900,000 men out of a million agreed in arriving at I the same conclusion (in a matter of evens such moderate difficulty as is involved by supposing each to have one chance in ten of deciding rightly) that that conclusion was erroneous. I dwell on this consideration at the outset in dealing with dreams and pre sentiments, a subject on which antiquity i and the great majority of mankinld rve thought one way, because the views of those who have reasoned thoughtfully about such matters are often met by the answer that all men, or nearly all men, have thought otherwis?-an if that state. ment were suflicient to meet every argu ment against such commonly held opinions, instead of being itself the most convincing argument of all in their disproof. On dealing next week with thought reading I have the reverse case to consider, for I think a very small minority in every age have accepted the phenemona of thought reading, though the majority have not rendered the reality of mind- reading certain by denying it. My preliminary proposition must not, however, be mis understood. The opinion held by the majority on many subjects is doubtless correct. In matters of like dillfficulty the majority are liable to think rightly; in matters which are obvious they are unanimously right; and, again, in matters which are entirely out side the range of ordinary investign tion, such as the facts and lawIs of science, the majority accept the teachings of the few wlho have observed, experi mented, and calculated, and so usually go right. But with the limitations I have indicated, the proposition is demonstrably true that the opinion of the majority in any question of dfillculty is certain to he erroneous. If the facts and laws which form the science of to-day were left to be judged by the reasoning of all men, un iassed and uninfluenced by authority, there can be no doubt that they would all be judged erroneously. All men, or nearly all, would like to foreknow the future, especially those future events which will affect their own lives, and, above all I think, the time and manner of their death. Most meln now, tas in past ages, consider such foreknowledge possible. Some power, bearing the sasme relation to the future that memory bears to the past, seems to them not only con ceivable but natural And, indeed, it is certain that were our reasoning powers infinite we should find the future no less clearly present in its forms than the past is present in its effects. * The trouble is that our reasoning powers are not infinite. We cannot estimate the consequences even of many things about which we know, and we are entirely ignorant of many things which we should have to know in order to predetermine future events, even on a very limited scale. We should find it equally difll. cult (that is, impossible) to ascertain what had happened in the past, if we had only the present condition of things from which to judge as to those previous events which led to them. We really know of the past only through records, whether in the material of our brains (in the case of events which we remember as happening within our own knowledge) or spoken or written. It is the entire want of anything akin to this in regard to coming events which makes pre knowledge so utterly unlike the knowledge of the past. The astronomer can foretell certain future events, as eclipses, returns of known comets, etc., as readily ins he can calculatb backwards to events, perhaps left quite without record, which happened in the past; but astronomy's memory has a -very different hold on events actually recorded, while (correspondingly) astro nomy is quite unable to predict thousands of astronomical events which will happen during the coming year. If astronomuy, avhich of all sciences has tile fullest power of precise prediction, is thus helplhos in regard to the great majority of coming events, it will be judged how baseless is the hope that outside the range of sieence the power of precise prediction should be possible, or some method for such pre diction conceivable. It may be noticed indeed In passing that the outskirts of science are infested iy the ignorance which expects a power of predic tion without the preliminary knowledge on which piecise predictions can alone be based. In matcorology we hIlave foolish folk expecting to obtain the power of pre dicting weather from sunspots (themselves impredictable), not to coacider the Ven nora, Tices, Wigginses, ei id 9geous 0ssne, who have from even deeper depths of ignorance attempted to delude others, being first deluded themselves, into the belief that they can foretell stormus ulmnuths in advance. Othess, or in some casea the sname ill-informed persions, have imagined a power of foretelling earthquakes, plagues, famines, and so forth, with ai versatile folly which would be sickening were it not usanui fostly outside its owner's conltrol. Faith in dreams as indications of the future was once all but universol. Of Course men found themselves obliged to recognise that most dreamd are pieaning teass-or at least that no meaning epuld be found in them, even if any eriuted. But ~it was easy to devise some such explanal. 'Ion of this as is supplied in the llnead, where Virgil presents thle philosophy of his ago in regard to dreams ia dividing them into classes, those whlich pass throughl the sate of horn, and those which pass through the gate of irory-dreams which have a esesing (for those at least who know how .to interpret them) and those which have " ' one that can be recognised. It is boeause dreams are mysterious that they seem fitly to suggest ideas about the mysterious tituro. lien supposed that dreams of the significant type were brought to the sleeper from the realm of spirite or of shades-the upper world where the soals (or the "breaths" which seemed to them the souls) of the dead had passed at death, the lower world where the shadows of their bodily part had do. Ssecended. Such visitants they regarded as able to tell the sleeper about the eture in dreams. In some cases they sapposed that angelic visitants, or actual aneassngers from Heaven, were sent to fmpart oduring sleep information about soomang eavnts. Such was the dream (personified) aent to Agamemnon from Olympus-but. sent to mislead him, not to guide him right. /Eneas, visited in a dream by the spirit of Anchises, was more Lortunate than Agamemoop. Though, in .uasing, it is worth remarking how in past eges, even as now, a most convenient Sbelief respecting the fulfilment of dreams either sy what they foretold or "by con traries' enabled men to retain their faith, in the face even of what might seem the wa most de,:isive evidence thiat dreams at connot be trusted. This easy fitting ge doctrine is aptly illustrated-hy the story of bt tihe Irishwoman who told.her master and I mistress one morning that she had at dreamed the former had given her an u ounce of oneff and the latter a pound of a tea. " But," said her mistress, " don't you di knowe, Bridget, dreams always go by con- eo trariesa" "Och sure, thin, that's so mat'em," replied the coemplaisant Biddy, aI :nd it'r you will give mo the ounce of Ih, siutif, :.ndl the maister will give me the ,te tay." Faith in dree.nam was.an impolrtant part et of the belief of ancient races; and .c.6iiord iugly supplied those who claim to regu- el iate such beliefs and to posseso super-. natural powers in regard to the ;inknown 1n with a powerful means of influencing , deluded believers. In this way oracles c gained credit as--in some caes--inipircc ,d by holy dreams. Some undertook 'tu in t rpret dreams, others went even further, , and claimed a power not only of inter- 8i preting dromns which believe?rs disclosed ~ to them, but of reca-lling dre:ams which t had been forgotten by the dreamer hint self. We need not enquire into the details of special instances in which such powers r are said to have been displayed. It is within men's right to suppose that in par- t ticular cases either kind of power was a miraculously bestowed on holy men living 11 among superstitious races; or on the other hand we may regard such stories as enabling ous to measure the development of I the human race in reasoning power since the days when they wcre generally accepted. All that concerns us here is to snite the evidence which shobws that such powers were ascribed to the priesthood and magi generally, not regarded asi special or miraculous. Nebnchadnezzir, who had apparently been content for t years with the pretended interpretations of his dreams supplied by Chaldean magi, begins to suspect them, and l is prepared to kill them all, so soon as a lie finds that they cannot accomplish c what he apparently regarded (and a naturally enough; as quite as easy a task, 1 viz., recalling a dream which lie had for- e gotten. We all know the feeling of annoyance which comes upon us when on t waking we remember only that we have c had a most impressive dream but find all a recollection of it has passed away. How convenient to have by us a college of magi really able to interpret dreams ; for c surely with that power tile uagi must c also possess the power of recalling ac dream which has been forgotten. So at any rate thought Nebuchadnezzar, and lhe was very naturally indignant when the magi proved unequal to the cmergency. t (Daniel's success may be interpreted either by miriclo, by thought reding, ] or as indicating some incomplete ness in the narrative; the fact 1 that Nobuchadnezzer, sharing doubtless I tile belief of his day, expected the average 5 Chaldean interpreter to resolve his doubts, reimains not less instructive andsuggestive, I whatever opinion we form about Daniel's remarkable achievement). I .It is manifest, in all stories as well as in all discussions about dreams, until qquite recent times, that the general pro position according to which dreams of certain orders were lportents, was accepted. We find this belief regarded in Egyptian hieroglyphics, in Assyrian cuneiform in scriptions, in the ancient Hebrew records, in Greek and Roman literature, and in all the variegated reading which belongs to miediseval times. Cicero argues the case for dreams with illustrative iustances which in our days would be thought weak even by believers. Chlaucerreasons on the sulject in his Canterbury Tales, though there may be some slight token that his better i sense went against belief in dreams, in the fact that the reasoning is assigned to the Noune Prieste, and given as a feminine argument in the charming little stboy aoabout Chaunticlero and Dame Partelet, his wife. It is tolerably evident that Shakespeare believed in dreams, as Ihe lie did in omens, prognostications. pre sentiments, and so forth. For though the remarks indicating such belief are placed in the mouths of divers chafac ° ters to whom he, as it were, assigns the belief, yet there is something of affecta tion in that way of treating Shakespeare's dramatic works which will allow him no personal share in any of the opinions ex pressed. ['hle mistake seems almost as great, if not quite so absurd, as that made by persons who say Shakespeare says .o and so, when in reality the opinion is assigned by him to some villain like Shylock, Iago, or (that lesser Ingo) Inchimo, or to some egotist or fatuous idiot like Malvollo or Cloten. The effect of such Shakespearean reading is scarcely less absurd than it would be were we told that suicide is commended in thle Bible, seeing that it tells us that " Judas went and hanged himself." and perti nently adds," go thou and do likewise."] Yet though Shakespeare again and again shows that he himself believed in omens and portents, in dreams and pro phetic visions, he shows also that lhe recognised clearly enough the principles that should guide us; in dealing with such matters. "When the prodigies," Ile says, Do so onjointly meet, lot not men avy, These are their reasons-they are natural. o It is the conjoint meeting of strange portentsthat hlie insists upon. He accepted the records which seemed to show that such portents had been conjoined at the time t (for example) when Casar's death was 1approaching I and, this granted, his in ference was reasonable enough. He says, or makes Cassius (observe no longerCasca) sa--If you would consider the true cause iVWhy all these fires, why all those gliding ghosts, Why binds aned beadts from quality and kind, Why olll men, fools, and children oealulato, Why all th?so things change from their ordi nance, Their natures and preformed faoulties To monstrous quality ; bhy, then you shall find That HIeaven hath isnfused them with thees apieits To msae them inetrument, of fear and warning ento somee aonetrosa state. OGranted thie premises and the conclusion is reasonatble oeough ; but the coincidences referrsd to have either never occurred to Ihumun knowlhdgoe or holve occurred just so ofteu asi the multitudinous events recorded in history make tlecc s.rtrlin to occur. And then there hIcs bsecu no portent, only the concurrence of strlcnge events a cert8ail Ssauall number of times among tlhousaends of times when they have occurred without 'on theat we uknow how dreams are cicaued and what they signify, we are able to reject with.ll.codence the idea llthat they can afford trustworthy indications of events to come. They.ree prodactos of thie past, not portents of tlhe futuro--unless indeed we regard some fuew as presentincg pictures of e ite present. SIn nearly all dreams the partly~ active Sbrain is at work on impressions made usion it in the palst, distant or near. and Sbecaeuse the brain is not whsolly at wnork. t heeruis usually little congruity In thle pic tures presented. Not only are connecting links absenf which would render thie series of thougihta conguous and reasonable; but, verhape becuseo of this defect, the i partsof the seOne presenCted eeo apt to belong to difflerent eras. Thus a man aI will dream of being saved by his soife, or v by one of his children, from dreamc punish ment by the master who taughlt him in his boyhlood; and ln this he will find seo aincongruity, If in his saJeing hours he thas no recollection of the hccnes pour l trayed in his dreams from impresgsoqs re lating to a far distant tije? he is apt to regard the pourtrayal as relating to s'ome d lhing quite new, somethling to take plare hereafter. But sometimes, even in such cases, hle may learn from older persone that such events really occurred as sug gested these seemingly original dreams. I Sfrequently related to my mothler when I Swas a boy dreams which seemed to me wild and strange, to hber from her that Scorresponding events had happenel to me a when I was but two or tlhrpe years od. it Once I described a ridiculoes group of a wooden-legged and one-armed men in n what seemed to my childish fancy-I was about seven years old--n absurd costume -viz., that of the Chelsea Pensioners; * but not only did my mother and an elder n sister tell me just where I had seen the it group, but later I saw it with my own it eyes, over a doorway, in Paradise Bow, Old Chelsea. Now, if I had not been ,. told of this, and my dream so explained, it , might very well have happened that after. wards some interesting event occurrin at or eartlhe time when I saw nai the I group, forgotten as one I had seail before but rceemhbred vividly as a dream picture, i I eight have supposed tile dreamln a fore shadowing of that event. I doubt not that many cases of the apparent appearaence in a dream of things never before seen to the dreamer's waking recollection may be thus explained. 'hat in a dream the future ithould b-t actually indicated in matters of detail beyond the range of any power of nttulrtl anticipation (that is by reaonieg, or by whatsoever in man corestrondlc with itt .tinct) is, of course, impossibpoilhe., oc::p?? lnrcle; anld in these mItter. saie: e va cludes miracles, which is hbut lair, ,citl] lwhat unwilling visitors they have..eec., ibeen. There is no natural or physical way in which the definite detaile.of an eveut that has not yet happened can be Iaictured on the brain. : Ti't ther: have been dreams so sintgclrly uotrcspondiný with rlventr, happening siutlt:tmiouly at a distancei (as after wards describUa) as t.; aughest that sole. tiling more than coincideincie ata in question. Presentiments, like dreams, are in reality products of the past, not fore shadlowings of the future, though of course the future may correspond with them. In some cases there seems evidence that presentiments (to use a convenient but incorrect word) correspond with events simultaneously occurring at 'a distance. But such presentiments, like the dreams just mentioned, have no value as indica tions of the future, and therefore do not concern us here.. They belong to my next subject. Underlying the belief in dreams (as indicating future events), prognostics, presentioent s, omens, etc., etc., lies the misapprehension of the true signifi cance of coincidences. Science depends absolutely on the careful noting and correct iuterpretation of coincidences; but fancies such as faith in dreams and the like depend on the incorrect interpretation of coincidences often carelessly noted. The believers in dreams do not observe that such coincidences as those on which they pin their faith are bound to occur from time to time. Considt.r, for example, the immense number of dreams and the infinite number of events occur ring each year. It may be fairly estimated that among the civilised races of the earth at least thirty millions of more or less definite dreams are dreamed in each of the twenty-four hours, or in ma year more than five thousand mullions of dreams. Is it then wonderful that among the multitudinous events occurring all the time some should seem to correspond with dreams which tookplaceshortly before? Is it not natural that when such coinci dences have been noticed the story should be widely repeated, and should presently be greatly improved? In coincidences which are thus boundto occur, and sure to be developed into still more EItriking foreshadowings, we have a suflicient cc planation of all recorded cases of dream fulfilment. 