SPORTING. THE KAPUNDA RACES. Wednesday. Apbil 10. , A postponed race meeting rarely turns out well, but this rule did not apply to the fixture at Kapunda on Wednesday. Within the last week the district has- been favoured with something like 7 inches of tain, and the paddock which the committee had originally selected as a racecourse was in Bach a Btate three days after the postponement that the committee decided to go farther afield and race at Bagot's Well. The change of venue was not finally settled upon until laat Monday, and the management had very little time to fit out the newly selected track. They contrived to do a good deal in the time, and for racing purposes the course is far and away superior to any other spot which can be procured near Kapuada. Better going it would be hard to find, and we hope that in future all the Kapunda meetings will be held at Bagot's Well, although it may be a little further from the town than the other paddock. The special from Adelaide was well filled— the city contingent beirjg stronger than it has been sines the year Fictitious and Lucy carried off the double. All along the line there was plenty of evidence of the late rainB, especially as we neared Kapunda, but on this day the weather was simply perfect, and the club were very lucky in tuning the meeting for Wednesday. With eeveral of the outlying townships shut off through tne wsBhing away of bridges, many regular visitors were kept away, bat still there must have been about 2,000 present. Ihe tiain runa right to the course, but a great many preferred to do the four miles by road, and there were several smart turn outs on the course. All the swindling racecourse garr.es were absent, but the police did not Beem to have had in structions to Btop the hand totalizator. There was some delay in starting the Light Stakes, which was first on the programme. Six ran, and the Ghost's half- brother Salis bury was made favourite, tbe moat likely looking of his opponents b^ing Richmond, a very nice brown by the Fulham Blre from Britannia. Petrie got Salisbury to the front as soon as possible, and let him sail along at hia be&t; lace, bus in the run horns Richmond was catching him very fast, and the favourite only won by a short head. The hurdles put up for the next race were very good, and as there was plenty of room backers were con tent to lay even money on Simpleton. Mr. Ferry's gelding went straight enough, but rapped repeatedly, and the hurdles being of an unyielding nature, he took all the steam out of hire self before the real struggle began. Don Quixote laid well behind his field until coming to the laat turn when he joined bir Joseph, and having him in trouble before cashing the last hurdle, he came away and won in a canter by two lengths. The whilom Vic torian crack did no& look nearly bo well as when he ran at Snowtown, and his victory affords another proof of how hard it iato stop a racehorse in bad company. With Batchelor and Arrow withdrawn only rive were left to contest the Kapunda Handicap, and as the conditions of the race did not pro vide for penalties Micawber had only to carry his original handicap weight. The Northern crack stripped in rare form, and in this moderate company few looked beyond him for the winner. Comet made a strong pace, and at one time he looked like winning eo far was he ahead, but hia lead was only held on sufferance, aa Micawber ran up to him when he pleased and won hard held by two leDgthe. Ihe half-brother to Little J ack'a victory entails no further penalty for the Onkaparioga (Jap. The committed neglected tomeasur e the ponies before tb.9 race, and consequently several were running waich were over height. Both Invormay and Pop gun, who ran first and second, were disquali fied, and the race awarded to Djttie who came in third. Six of the seven coloured for the Steeplechase saddled up. Batting was practically confined to Receipt and Tama nack, the former having the call at tha finish, it was a pretty race, all the six fencing safely, although Tamanack struck repeatedly and did not run at all kindly. For the laat mile Receipt and air Joaeph kept very close company, with sweep three or four lengths in the rear. McGregor rode hard for tbe fall at the laat two fences, but Sir Joseph btood up and, having the foot of the favourite, tie came awav in the run home and won bv two Ungtha. Tbe victory of ihe local horea was enthusiastically received. The Railway Stakes was a very Boft thing for Comet, who started at 4 to 1 on, and won in a canter. Four ran for the Consolation Stakes, which fell to Simpleton after a good race with Richmond. The totalizator worked satisfactorily and there were several good dividends. £519 passed tbiougb, the dividends being :— Light Stakes, £118s.; Hnrdle Race, £6 12a.; Kapunda Handicap, £1 16a.; Pony Race, £2 16a.; Steeplechase, £18103.; Railway Stakes, £1 10?.; Consolation Stakes, £1 6a. The Hon. Jenkin Coles, M.P., was Judge and Mr. T. F. Wigley Starter. LIGHT STAKES, Of £20. One mile ; weight for age. Mr. H. a. RandelTa bk.c. Salisbury, by Lockleys— Ada, 3 yrs., 8 st., 8 lb. (Petrie) ? 1 Mr. H. W. Mortimer's br.g. Richmond, 5 yra., 9 st. 1 lb. (A. Ringer) ? 2 Mr. John Cleary's ch.s. Harangue, aged, 9 at. 10 lb., including 14 lb. over (Worrall). Mr. JameB Hagen's b.g. Caltie, 6 yre., 8 st. 10 lb. (Dacey). Mr. J. Shakea'a b.g. Wellington, 4 yre,, 9 8fe, including 5 lb. over (E. Moyle). .. Mr. J. W. White's && Joker, 4 yrs., 8 at. 9 lb. (A. SimmonB). Betting even agst. Salisbury, 3 to 1 Caltie, 4 to 1 Richmond, 7 to 1 Harangue. After a little delay Salisbury, Harangue, and Cultie jumped from Cultie and Joker, Richmond getting oft badly. Along the back Salisbury drew out, Joker taking second place, Wellington being third, and Cultie fourth, and Richmond still laat. Going on Salisbury drew further away, and three furlongs from home was leading by aix lengths, with Richmond coming fast, and taking tecond place, while Joker tripped, and lott hiB rider. Salisbury was the first into the straight, with Richmond and Harangue close together, but Richmond soon cleared the chestnut, and catching Salisbury fasS in (he run home was only beaten by ahead. Harangue was four lengths off, third, with Cultie f ourth.and Wellington laat. Time, 1 min.53scc. ?? HANDICAP HDRDLE BACK, Of £30 ; second horse, £5. Two miles. Mr. G. Kidman's b.g. Don Quixote by Don Giovanni— Quickstep, aged, 11 bs. 7ib.,(J. McLsan) .. ... .;. ... 1 Mr. P. J. Conley's t.h. Sir Joseph, aged, 10 st, (Owner) ? ... 2 Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Simpleton, 3 yre., l0 8t.91b.,(O'Leary) ... ... ... 3 Mr. H. W. Mortimer's b.g. Clipper, aged, 9'Bt. 81b.,(J.Kain). Mr. H, McLean's br.g. Deceiver, 5 yrs., 9*i 71b.. (Petrie). Mr. J. W. W bite's g.g. Joker, 4 yrs., 9 st. 5 lb., (A. Simmons). Betting— Even agst. Simpleton, 3tolagat. Don Quixote, 5 to 1 others. Deceiver and Sir Joseph led away, bui Joker showed the way to Sir Joaeph and Deceiver at the first hurdle, Simpleton and Doa Quixote being Borne diBtance off. Clipper then took command, with Sir Joaeph arid Deceiver next (Joker ran off), Simpleton \- being fourth, and Quixote last. Simpleton, who was jumping wildly, hit the hurdle in the straight very hard and dropped bick again, Clipper and Sir Joseph being almoat abreast at the Stand, Simpleton running up third, with Quixote next. On the far aide Don Quixote ran up to the leaders, and they were together opposite the Stand, Simpleton btill losing ground at hia jumpB. Sir Joseph led Quixote round the far turn, Clipper being third, and at the turn there was no change, except that Simpleton struck again and lost ground. Don Quixote and Sir Joseph entered the straight together, but the Don led over the last hurdle, and,- coming away, won easily by two lengths. Simpleton was six lengths off third, Clipper and Deceiver cantering in at long intervals. Time, 4 rain. 23 sec. . THB KAPUNDA HANDICAP, Of £60, and Cup presented by Captain Osborne; aecond to receive £10. One mile and three- quarters. Mr. J. Cleary's br.g. Micawber, by Bolton Green— Charade, 5 yrs.,, 9 st. 5 lb, (Worrall) ? ... 1 Mr. J. R. Unodgrass's b.g. Comet, 6 yrs,, 7 st. 7 lb. iPetrie) ? ... - -.-.. 3 Mr. M. D'Arcy's br.g. Native, aged, 8 at. 31b.(Fagg) ? ~ ? 3 Mr. G. Anderson's b.g. Steelbit, aged, 7Bt. (Ellis). Mr. D. McLean's b.m. Bonny Doon, 6 yrs., 6 st. 10 lb. (McLean, jun.). Betting— 7 to 4 on Micawber, 4 to 1 agst. Steelbit, 5 to 1 others. When the woid was given Native was first to begin, Micawber and Comet being next, and Steelbit laat. Native continued in front to the straight, where Bonnie Doon headed him, Comet going on third, with Micawber next, and Steelbit last. Opposite the Stand Bonnie Doon retired, and Comet took a lead of four lesgthB from Native, the favourite moving up at the same time. At the far turn Comet led Micawber three lengths, but tha favourite soon overhauled him, and lead ing; into the stiaight won hard held by two lengths from Comet. Steelbit, who was third into the straight, was beaten half a length by Native for third place. Time, 3 min. 17 sec. POHT BACK. Thirteen hands and under— Half a mile. Mr. D. JameB'sbr.m. Dotty, 6 at, 101b, ... 1 Mr. D. Shannon's bk.g. Invermay, 6 at. Mr. H. Mortimer's b.m. Daisy, 7 at, 11 lb. Mr. A G. Nata'on'a bkg, Sultan, 7 st. Mr. J; W. White's ob.m. Alice, 6 st. 4 lb. Mr. J. M. Watts's r.k. Jerry, 6 st. 4 lb. Mr. H. T. H. Morris's oh.g. Taffy. 6st Mr. J. O'Dea's b.g. Popgun, 6 Bt. Dotty and Sultan wexe off first, but Popgun led into the straight, where he lost ground by swerving, and Invermay won by a neck. Both first and second were disqualified for being over height, and the race awarded to Dotty. Time, 5&j8ea; HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, Of £40; second to receive £50. Two miles. Mr. P. J. Conley's bg. Sir Joseph, by Winterlake — Roxanna, aged, 10 at. 4 lbs. (Owner) ? 1 Mr. D. Carroll's b.g. Receipt, aged, 10 Bt. 10 lb. (McGregor). ... ? 2 Mr. S. Ferry's bk.g. Sweep, aged, 10 si. 7 lb. (O'Leary). ? 3 Mr. G. Anderaon'B ch g. Tamanack, aged, 11 et. (Reid). Mr. H. W. Mortimer's b.g. Clipper, aged, 9 Bt 7 lb. (J. Kain). Mr. H. S. Randell's ob.g. Daybreak (late Richmond), aged, 9 st. 7 lb. (P. Hnssey). Betting— 5 to 4 on Receipt, 6 to 4 agst. Tamanacb, 6 to 1 bar two. Daybreak led away from Tamanaok, but at the first fence the latter hit and Daybreak was over eight lengths from Receipt, with Sir Joseph and Sweep heading Tamanack, while Clipper was a long way out of it In the straight Tamanack and Daybreak jumped almost together, with Sir Joseph, Receipt, and Sweep on very close terms, and passing the Stand Receipt was just in front of Daybreak, with Tamanack, Sir Joseph, and Sweep in the order named. At the turn Receipt led Daybreak and Sir Joseph, with Tamanack dropping away again. Daybreak now retired, and Receipt and Sir Joseph went on from Sweep, Tamanack taking fourth place. For the rest of the distance Sir Joseph and Receipt kept close company, but Sir JoBeph always had something in hand, and after getting over the last fence he came away and won easily by two lengths. Receipt beat Sweep ten lengths for second place, with Tamanack, Daybreak, and Clipper in the order named, lime, 4 min. 30 seo. RAILWAY STAKES, Of £30. One mile, Mr. J. R. Snodgran's b.g. Comet, by Regalia. 6 jrs., 7 st 101b. (Petrie) ... 1 Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Simpleton, 3 yrs., 8 at (O'Leary) ? ... 2 Mr. J. W. White's b.g. Lancer, aged, 7 at 9 lb. (Simmons). Mr. G. Anderson's b.g. Steelbit, aged, 7 at 5 lb. (Ellis). Mr. D. McLean's b.m. Bonny Doon, 6 yrs., 7 st (McLean, jun.). Betting— 4 to 1 on Comet. Comet was off first and cut out the work from Simpleton, with Steelbit third and Lancer last throughout. The positions never were changed, Comet leading all the way and winning in a canter by two lengths from Simpleton, with Steelbit a moderata third. Time, 1 min. 52 sec CONSOLATION STAKES, Of £10. One mile. Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Simpleton, by Sir Edmund— HorfcenBe, 3 yrs., 8 at (O'Leary) ? ... ... 1 Mr. Mortimer's br.h. Richmond, 5 yrs., 8 st. 9 lb. (Simmons) ? 2 AIbo ran— Cultie, 7 at 7 lb.; Bonnie Doon, 6Bt. 71b. Betting— 2 to 1 on Richmond, 4 to 1 against Simpleton and Bonnie Doon. . - Bonnie Doon made the running far half a mile, when she retired infavour of Cultie, aad Simpleton, the favourite lying laat to the turn, where he challenged, but could □ever reach, Simpleton, who won a good race by hall a length Bonnie Doon ran off, and Cultie bolted inside the oouise coming up the straight. Time, 1 min. 51 seo. 