BALLARAT CHRONICLES AND PICTURES. OTHER THAN WATER SPORTS. By W. B. WITHERS, Author of the “History of Ballarat, “Reminiscences,”. “Eustace Hopkins, ‘The Westons,” &c.;, &c.; Football clubs, also, are as plentiful, but only a few call for special notice here. The Ballarat Club-was formed in 1862—Cap tain, A. M. Greenfield; secretary, E. F. L-iugley; committee, A. F. Orrock, L. L. Mount, G. Bailey, 13. J. Figgis. The play ing ground then was Greene’s paddock, and now it i3 the Saxon paddock enclosure. The club’s colorsarc red aud white. The present officers (ISS9) are—T. Bath, president; S. L. Bailey, C. B. Finlayson, and R. S. Foley, vice- presidents; treasurer, R. M, Duthie; secretary, A. B. Berry; committee, E. Williams, J. Bailey, D. Davies, A. Reynolds, A. Bodycomb, W. Palmer, T. H. Lawn, T. Antelifie, ,T. Couttie, W. M'Millati, J. Man derson, \Y. Christy. The Galatea Club wag formed iu 1575—8. Angwin, captain; J. A. Finlayson, secretary; F. Turner, treasurer. Iu 1577 the name was altered to the Ballarat Imperial Club, whose, present offi-. cers in 18S9 are F.- Paget, president; F. Tucker, W. Peach, C. Pobjoy, J. .Matthews, J. M‘Donald, aud D. Cameron, vicc- pteu dents; G. Williams, treasurer; J. Mounie, .secretan; P. Douglass and W. Burns, dele gates; J. Cunningham, J. Miller, A. Fisher, E. Peiuey, and D. Smith, committeemen. The Albion Imperial was formed about the same time us the Ballarat Imperial, but changed its name about four years ago to South Ballarat. Their playinggrouml is the Eastern Oval. The olfice-bcaiers for ISS9 are—Life patrons, J. W. Graham and C. .Stewart; boil, surgeon, Dr Ochiltree; presi dent, A. B. Monro; vice-presidents, T. Dowling, H. Bide, E. J. Birch, W. Barton, J. T. Williams; committee, J. Lyons, J. Finnegan, D. Montgomery, J. Duggan, W. Perkins, M. Calliuan, J. Robertson, C. Vaughan; bon. treasurer, H. F. Elliott; lion, secretary', J. G. Rennie. The club colors are red and blue. Football is more popular than cricket with the new and less severely disciplined generations. It does not demand such fine art, such high science, call3 for less self-re straint, less submission to complex regula tions, is more rongh and rapid in its evolu tions, aud so cricket has waned and is not equal to the play of the better days. This is in part due also to the increased tedium of the game caused by the perfecter skill of some batsmen aud the exasperating potter ing of the so-called “ stonewntlers” by which even lovers of cricket are made to lose patience anil wish for a shorter method of settling the merits of the competing players. The Hunt Club as it now is was formed in ISBI, when Mr A. Chiruside, of the Werri bec, having intimated his willingness to bring his hounds to Ballarat, a meeting was held at. Craig’s hotel, and the club started. Mr Chiruside took ollice as master, Mr A. Wynne as treasurer, and Mr R. Macrae as secretary, tiic subscription being five guineas annually for hunting members and three guineas for non-hunting members. In ISS3 the club bought the hounds for £250, and kennels were established at the Barloyshcaf hotel, on the Lcarmonth road, James Scobie being huntsman, J. 0. Lnglis (after G. Rus sell, who was acting master fora time), beii g master, in place of Chiruside. The trensuter and secretary are as at first; and the member roll iu ISS7 included 70 members. But as early as 1569 there was a Hunt Club formed or forming, as in June of that y'ear the late Walter Craig announced the receipt of a letter from England giving £143 2-i Id as the cost of sending out a pack of bounds for the club. At that date the bourn.* were daily exp cted,. and it was ordered by the club of that day that they be kennelled at-Dowling Foie-t. Quiney had charge of those hounds at £2OO a yen - , aud there was some merry hunting, Messrs Craig, Leonard, Quiney, Mount, Morton, Everingham, and others taking part iu the sport. It was about that time or soon after that Adam Linilsdy Gordon, the poet of limiting ami racing, resided iu Ballarat, in connection with the livery stables at Craig’s, and he became master of these or some other hounds, and taught some of the young Bal laratarians of the day how t-> ride and jump. Henry Mount, of Pacific black-birding celebrity, was the huntsman, and the kennel was kept iu a shed on the west side of the tnnnery, in Sturt street. The membeis of the club over whose fori lines Gordon and Mount presided in part comprised W. P. Bowes, R. Oil-, S. Ilolgate, J. C. Rowlands, T. Bailey, W. Jones, Dicker Hamilton (the “Nimrod’s Ghost” of the Event mj Post), E. C. Moore, P. Brennan, and others. The club of to-day hunts deer, foxes, and, upon occasion, bits of rag highly scented. Hosts of spectators follow oil horseback or in vehicles, and amazons who ride close up, fearless of Thompson's coil: jmeineut against those who don The cap, the whip, the masculine attire, Iu which they roughen to the sense, and all The winning softness of their sex is lost. Of the coursiug and gun clubs enough has been written iu the “ History of Ballarat” to render any reference to details here unneces sary. There was once, to wit in IS6O, a Ballarat Athletic Club, of which H. Davies. L. L. Mount, W. Boyd, and others were pro moters. Its “first grand gala day” was at the Copenliitg-n grounds on the 9th April of that year, ami that place was its general trysting ground. On the 21st June, ISGI, tlioie wiis a race there between Mount and Joshua for the club’s challenge cup. The distance was. 100 yarils, and after five false starts by one'or other, Mount won by 6 yds iu 56 sec., the ground being wet- and heavy. The time, certainly, was abnormally long, even for a regular tough “ glue pot” of a course. Oil the following day Holmes of Geelong, age 19, native of N.S. Wales, ran Gundry if Lintin, age 24, a Corni3bln.ul, 300 yds .for £lOO, and won by 12. yds in 34 see. The club ceased to exist as a distinct organisation after a short, time, but iia leading members for many years were active in the promotion of sports on all public occasions in Ballarat. A week after Ilia tusa’e with Mount, Joshua run a 250 yds race at Geelong against Emery, a Biilarat coaohdriver, for £2OO, Emery winning by 2 yds in 29 see. Indoor athletics i.re .housed at the Gymnasium in Armatfoug street, to which place the gym nasts removed a year or two ago from the old Eastern Market-house near the preseut Orderly-room. American bmvD had their alleys in Bal larat very early, and I have a recollection of a now dead Star editor who hud a habit of mixing bowls -and brandy nips with his leader writing, a howling alley being at that time seductively near The Slur office in what is now Bridge street. Messrs Lane anil Lovell hail three idlers opposite to the United States hotel in 1557, and the alleys were to be found wherever the jovial diggers of the early (lavs rushed. The game has long since vanished from our midst, though the older game of skittles lives in many a publican’s premises, as also die equally old, perhaps older, quoits, some few experts in which still remain from the old days. American baseball is not yet acclimatised iiere, but the Eastern Ova! was crowded on the 29ch December, ISSB, when an All American ami a Chicigo team gave speci ments of their prowess there. Mr Spalding was the general of the army, and of the play The Star says:—“ The ’ game, was a brilliant one throughout, the onlookers being treated to some powerful bitting, splendid catching, and smart ami true throwing.” All America won the mutch by 11 runs to Chicago's 7. Tim players were ■ placed as follows:—All America—Hanlon, centre field; Wood, third base; Ward, short stop; Carroll, first base; Fogarty, left field; Manring, second base; Brown, right field; , Earle, catcher; Healy, pitcher. Chicago— Ryan, first base; Pettitt, right field; Sulli van, left field; Anson, catcher; Pieffer, second base; Williamson, short stop; Burns, third base; Baldwin, pitcher; Daly centre field. After the -match, Professor Bartholo mew, an ooronaut accompanying the base bailers, ascended from the oval iu a balloon, and and esceud ed ivi tli a parach u te, aligli ting upon the roof of the Buck’s Head hotel, at the south-east corner of Sturt and Grenville streets, null getting his log rather badly wounded in the contact with the roof. In the Unitec} States Senate there are 19 millionaires. 