AN -ARCADIAN TALE. Two years of son, rain and wind and bad weather had passed over the countless water. courses and vast prairies since LoydRegal left the singularly lonely valley of the Tiche, and now, after the lapse of. that time, as he again rode away from New 'Iberia across the far-reaching prairie, he remembered those days, as one vagiuely tries to recallan almost forgotten dream, and he thought of gay, blithesome Josephine Pelician, and casually wondered if she were happy. It was early in the morning, and the san shone over the interminable green prairies stretching far away to the misty horizon like the shimmering waves of an endless emerald sea. Chain-like processions of clouds now and then darkened the sun and threw deep purple shadows over the sluggish bayou, which glittered like a silver thread here and -there through waving willows and heary, mistletoe-crowned live oaks, inoss-mantled and hoary with years. In the distance herds of cattle grazed, and the passing wind' brought intoxicating odours of jasmine, roses and magnolias. Everywhere there was the abundant life and colour of ex travagant nature. Regal drew his mule to a stanidstill where the animal's feet sank up to the fetlocks in a perfect abyrinth of grasses and flowers.. \- He was a man of some thirty years, dressed in well-made, fashionable ; garments. His features were finely cut and expressioned with the impress of his careless, amorous nature. From somewhere in .the distance he heard the hoarse call of a bittern-the only sound'in the absolutely silent land, He scanned the plains of waving green grass with a swiftl penetrating glance, and then rode on with increased speed. "Yes," he murmured to himself, " they said the second house. I have already passed one." After travelling several hours longer he ap proached a low, unpainted cabin with over hanging eaves, concealed by masses of grape vines and yellow roses which entirely covered the black, curled shingles, and clung lovingly around the begrimed chimneys like dependent children about their mother's neck. Regal dismounted. There was no fence,, so he tied his mule to one of the china trees which grew on the banks of a miniature circalar.lake in front of the house. Before he had time to ascend the steps a stalwart man stood in the open doorway. He was about Regal's age, dressed in a nankeen cotton shirt of a yellowish colour and cottonado trousers, and had a pathetic, watchful expres sion on his sunburned face. He slightly nodded to RIegal, and smiled as if to an old acquaint " Are you Joseph Dubois ? " inquired the latter, in broken Arcadian French, before ac ccpting the proffered chair under the vine covered verandah. " Yes, m'aieu," eagerly answered the man, in the peculiar Arcadian patois. "And do you come to see my land ? " Regal assented. The Areadian explained that he could not guide him over the land that day, owing to some small matter which required immediate attention, but promised to attend to it the next morning, inviting Regal in the meantime to make himself at home. Later on he went away and left Regal smoking on the verandah. Joseph had not been long gone when a low laugh of delight came to Regal-the laugh of a very young child, He looked behind him, still smokl ing dieretly, and saw coming out of the house a tiny creature between one and l half and two years old. Her eyes were smil?g and her.hair flying over her shoulders in b u nished brown ringlets, while she lightly hell a gorgeous coloured butterfly in her chublba fin prs... She was entirely naked- only a scarlet scarf watwisted about her pretty neck and white 114. 4~'i Josephine ! Josephine !" called the nmother' -voi~e from the interior of the cabin. SAit.that.,aound Regal started from his seat anduannrg'nof crimson sufrused his throat and facet Before lhe had time to think the mothe of the childrid pursuit of her offspring, stnal near him. She was not more than a girl her. self in years, straight as a reed, with magni.iet waveless black hair, liquid dark-fringed ea" and a rarely perfect figure. When she saw Regal she uttered a gasp G dismay, and tottered against the Pillar el the porch. " You-you ! " she murmured in the native tongue. " Why did you come ; Rlegal's discomposure equalled hers, but he knew better Low to conceal it. lie had tnot e;. pelted to see her. - Someone in New Iberi. hald said she was married and gone to Yermillionrile to live,'and he had thougnt it well, and to dii. missed, the subject from his mind. "Well, Josephine," he said at length,;aw'h a good-natured smile on his lips, "and so you are married." The girl did not reply, although there hal not been a day for two years butshe had thought of this man, and longed to see him. "Is Joseph Dubois your husband " he in. quired, apparently not noticing her conusion, but in reality rebuked by her colourless face. Countless memories thronged on himn-of min. mer nights, and the love le had talked to this dark-eyed Arcadian, and of the lure she Let given him-apassion that had sacrificed all and never complained-and for such a debt he had paid her. with-whati? Neglect, silence, aol oblivion.:: "'And this little child, is it yours, Je.e. phine o" he continued. A cry of intolerable suffering broke from her. "Yes," she said, "she is mine, mutite--and yours. Oh, why did you leave me then ' Yo, should have stayed by me through that Littr trial ! " she railed, and then stopped suddlelt as the blood crimsoned her face. She hta spoken in the impulse of the old love she hatl ever yielded him, and intending to ulp. braid. Regal shuddered as he heard her, and hstea?ne to repair what seemed like a claim on Lia fir that past foolish affair. "1' will make all reparation in mly plaer,' he continued, and would have said more Lhat at that moment Joseph Dubois came round tL! corner of the house. Josephine gathered her child up in her anai. and, without glancing at either man, owtan and closed the door. "I have found, m'sicu, that I can go to-day, after all," said Dubois with downcast eyes. " The water is high ; thus we can make good headyay and get back by sundown." Regal received this news with delight. He longed to leave the place where every word ut tered reminded him of his own baseness. While he stayed he knew remorse and repentaneo would be with him, so with one covert glance at the closed house he followed Dubois a sthot distance across the pathless prairie to the hbaoo. The tall grass was knee-deep with saffron-tinted flowers, and a flock of rice birds rose from the edge of the stream as Dubois pushed his pirae, from the reeds into the water and motioned Regal to seat himself, while he stepped in and without a word took up the oars and began to row rapidly up stream. Regal made several ef forts at conversation, but receiving only maon syllabic replies he relapsed into silence, watch. ing the weird scenery on the banks as lie rapidly floated by. The air was balmy and heavy with the perfume of innumerable flowers, but pro. foundlymelancholy with the awful silenace that hovered over all the splendid, ancient land. On Dubois pushed his pirogue through the tangled mass of white and yellow lilies in the wide stretches of the bayou, where gigantic lie oats waved along the banks, dropping their mossy veils to the very water and moving their branches like the dripping, spectral arms of ghosts beckoning toward an unseen land; oa through sombre lagoons, Where the water was so high they were obliged to droop their head~ to avoid the rank vines which hung from the trees in fantastic festoons; on over the flioale swamp, the lair of unimaginable horrors, where moccasins lay coiled on reeds and deadly rattlesnakes curled on low hanging branches, a twisting, writhing, voiceless ,mass of liFing venom, just discernible in the twilight gloom of the sombre cypress forest by the glitter of their eyes. On through the chilly atmosphere and malarious fog, and then out of that jungle of horrible growths into a small lake fairly alive with voracious alligators and other loathsome things. Dubois ran his pirogue up to a re,::ll islhnd covered with tiny blue star- faced bls soms. "Get out a moment, m'sieu," he said calmly to Regal. '"There is something wrong with the boat." Regal, suspecting no harm, stepped out into the black mud, and before he could prevent it Dubois pushed off into the lake again. When sevaml yards distant he called to Regal. " Look to yourself, m'sicu. You are on an island which is generally flooded at this season. The water will grow higher day by day. You will wear your life out counting the inches as it comes to you. Look to yourself, m'dsie, for Cajans never forget dishonour offered to their women. While the hungry alligators swim around your island waiting for their time to come think of Josephine and her broken heart. I loved her, boy and man, before you came, and after you had gone I still loved her. To-day I learned you are the man who broke her heart; so adieu, m'sieu," and Dubois began to rosa away. "Have you no heart, man ?" cried llegal in agony. "Surely you would not leave me herl to he drowned." A derisive laugh was the only response. "For the love of God I beg you to return, implored Regal in frenzied tones, The monstrous passion flowers waved in the breeze, and a call of a whoop-crane from the recesses of the dark, mysterious forest was the only reply, and Dubois plied his oars faster. I will give you all I possess, and I am rich just think, Josepb--I will give you thousands oi dsollars-if you will come back l!" Uot Dubois had gone. Hidden by thie lazy masseS os moi he rowed homeward through the gloom of tho swamp. At supper he was quiet and thought ful, and in reply to Josephine's eager quecitou, s~aid the stranger had returned to New Iberia. He retired early and sank into a troubled ldep, in which he talked and moaned andl told of the man on the island. Qoick as a flash it camae to the almost craed womn. He whom she loved wn alone in tlhat death-dealing plae., where the very atmosplhere was pestilential. Kissing her baby she rushed frantically from the house. She found the pirogue and pushed it out in the water, whicl lay like a ist sheet of silver under the moons white rays. Straining her hands until her voicas cere knotted and swollen like great puorilc cords ashe rowed, as one pursued by death, over thoe cours~e her husband and her lover had travereod. From somewhere in a thikeht of roses a mtek ing bird sang its sweetest notes. It :brought back that dead sunnmmer when Regal had vo?d her under the vines of her father's cottage, and fasterind'fastor she urged the boat on. At last, weary and exhaUsteds~e reached the island and fell fainting into Regal's arms as he stepped into the pirogue. After awhile her consOiousnes returned, and they soon started on their diesmanl ride. \- Back through that black choked swamp Regal rowed, while the fatigued woman pushed the low hanging branches uside. Once she stood up and raised a network of twisted vines so they ncould pass under. Suddenly, before she realisel it, she had disturbed a huge rattlesnake. With a horriblde thud it dlid into the boat and gathler ing itaelf n ip made a fierce dash at Regal, who sat miotionless as though charnied. Josephine s~. the reptile dart its forked tongue at her lover. She grabbed an oar froin the dazed man and brought it ddown on the snake in severnl successive blows. The angered serpent lcisecd and turned fromn Regal, who began to regam himself, and struck furionsly at the girl. liegal pounded the horrible monster with the other oar, and at length killed it; but not before the deadly poison of its bite was taking effect on poor Josephine. She sank dodn against legal's knees. Her head fell back mrid her mouth was growing gray and parched. "I loved you always," she murmured faintly in the stillness of the early morning. "Remem her my baby. When you go--take her--with you. You-you arc her father. Love bher--and remember me for a while," and little by little death stole over all her senses. The rosy saun began to mount thebo eastern skies and a hlrk soared upward, singing its first matin. "Josephine-- Josephine ! " moaned Regal, beonding over her in an-uish. "Dear little Jose phino l Look up and say you will live, forI love you dearly. It is the old love returned:' But the eyes did not open. The lips did not reply. What use was remorse when it came so late I And wahen Dubois awoke in the morning he found the woman for whoso sake he had sinned dead in the saeet-scented veranda, and the little child, who had her face, was gone. Cisz Inos.-Flat- irons used for missiles. 