FOUR MRS. MOSSUP. r . ; (pbom the wonu>.) Aquiet corner in a crowded London houso in tho height, at ino Lomli.t kcusuu: paint treat nasi exotic fe?iw raising their ioatftcry \- arms overhead ; iuiswh or ro.«c.< dirq>crrfcxi arouml; tho nil heavy with porhun-j ; intense \ , tcmifccoii by lmyo bloexsof ico Tihtecd i:i cuiininly-coatnvi'd nooks ; a dazzle oi lignt 1'"' afc tho end of a lu»£ gallery, und a vision u( all that is loveliest imd wealthiest and mast c:V;'- fasbionablo in :hj world o'c V on nitnurc ; the i'- -.'intoxicating wtrnirw of thy newest wait/ £, : played by tho best bund in Lwlou ; a young loan and n young woman, uuiiecumg and :v . uucoiLsoioiat of their wurrouudiiig.s. oblivious A . to ull save tJieuiielves mid eielt o:uer — in . . ; . ; abort, the old; ol I story, lint tlioro is no f/-r, happiness appurour on either eouulyiiaiKJO, ;v : On the young man', anger and pain nro /..'striving for tho mastery ; oa tho young rvi/uinuo illl.'.IL'lv aim Kiip.lbieuuo. At lougui lia s.iys, in u- low, trembling < voice, ' Aud only tills morning you gave inj your promise. 1 n1' ' I Know I did,' alio answers hurriedly. ; ' But I told you to say nothing about it to anyone.' You'vo not dono so, huvo you?' V " . Ho shook his head. . ' -... ' You soo,' sho went ou, 'you took ino so .. ; ' by anrpriaj, nnu I liar.Uy knovr wjuit I wits saying. I l'ult oven thou that I must have V;,',' Umo to think it over, anil now I've doho'ito, i nnd I find it's no use dreaming of it. I.kiuiply 'cannot, Charlie. It's no good allowing oucseif to lutvo feelings. One must profit by what '' . ono sees amongst one's friends. I liuvo ; . known so uutiiy who have married for love, .«?. '.. and regretted it before tho ycur was out. / 1 .And I'm not good tempered w'noa things go wrong ; and I enu't do without luxuries and comforts, and all that I lutvo boon used to, as .. HOtnQ tnriii mill. Wa slinnlrl nnlv Jw» riiiu».rn)>1r» ; r ; and grow to iiato each other, uud I idou't want \- that. JWc win only ba friends, you know. ; There is no rcaMOu why wo should quarrel'— - tho iwual aophistry of a girl who wishes to disentangle herself when the man to whom j sho lias given every possible encouragement V, .. brings matters to a crisis. -..-A' look of aeutc suffering came into . tho young fellow's earnest eyes as ho listened. So bo it, he said, with a sigh, 4 ince so it v must bo. But it is worso thuu useless to talk for tlioprcsont, at all events. . . You kuo\v as well as X do that friundaliip ' between .us now is either impossible or , ; wicked. You throw mo over show because I \- : , am poor, not, as I understand, because you. ; ' do not caro for mo, or could not do so if you ; allowed your feelings to guide you. Toll mo, ' ; is tills 80?' 'O Churlio, don't torturo mo!' (How . cleverly thoy do it, tlieso women of the ''''.world'!). 1 1 havo shown you that itisim- : possible for mo to marry you. Don't lot us : talk any more about it. AVo shall both of : us forget it after a bit ; and, as X said just : now, wo can ulwaya bo friends. Dot us go '. back into the ballroom. I havo thrown over two men already, and somo of them will . hunting us out if x stay hoio aiiy longer. : You're. iiot angry witli nio V she contiuued, laying her hand on his arms and' looking into nwoycswith tho wiusoino grace wnich had bewitched him and held him captive for months past. For ono moment ho laid his other hand on v hors and hold it fast ; then, by a strong effort ,ho;mastered his feelings and dropped it, and, /. risiug from tlio sofa whero thoy wero sitting, "/. pfforcd her his arm, saying, 4 Angry h No. Xt y ; w not a question of anger auy more thuu of friendship. You havo given mo greater pain / than T liave ever had to bear in my life, but I , have no doubt X shall get over it in time, as manyauothcrmaulmsdonobeforomo; but not . till I have put some thousands of miles between us, and mudc it impossible to moot you uguin.' 40 Charlie !' she exclaimed. 4AYhat uro you going to do? You won't go to the bad because of tills I I'romiso me that you won't do that.1 A curious expression crossed his face as ho replied gravely, 4 No; X trust I may never r come across any one, man or woman, who: would make suck a fool of mo as thut. But I cannot risk . meeting vbii- 'ajraiu, for', many, many years, at all events. I don't at all know yet what l shall do — for I confess, Janet, I did think you carod for mo and meant mo to kuow it. Howcvor, let that pass. I shall go a way somewhere, anywhere, atonco. You will not sco mo again in Jjondon after to-night, and, perhaps, novcr in your life oven hear of rae uguin. But if you over should, I promise you it will not bo auything 4i bad," Hero is St. John, coming to look for you, I suppose. Good-byo ! I hope you may s find somo richer man who "will lovo you as, well, and devoto himself to you as truly as I would havo done.' Five minutes later tho young woman was dancing and laughing and flirting, tho gayest . ; of tho gay ; no cloud on 'hor brow, and >. no apparent sign of troublo to mar tho ' . serenity with which sho received tho universal ;; J 1 homage paid to her beauty. Aud tho young ;; .v;iiian was walking to his lonely lodging with y: : grief at his heart, and striving hard to repross ..tho tears which would riso to his eyes. 1 ? v A few days hiter great was tho consterna- , ; tion expressed, aud many the questions asked, ,/ . in tlio moss-room of one of tho eroek cavalry < regiments at Aldershofc, whouit was known ; that Charlie Vavasour had sent in his papers. 4 It's either money or a woman, you may y take your dick,' opined a youth, with a face as smooth as 'a girl s ; 4 there s nothing elso : Vv. possible.' All his hearors laughed, for it was . no secret that tho boy liimseif was in a . chronic stato of misery on both scores. . ' 4 doubt it/ said on older man. 4 Charlie y w not rich, but he is 14 his own futhor and / mfcher.M He has never been extravagant, i axid always seems to havo monoywhenho ; ; v, wants it. And us for its being a woman, X V >' suppose I know him .better than almost uuy- v : ono, und X never knew him cure for ono tnoro ' thun uuothei\ No, no ; depend upon it he's chucked up in disgust at xiot being ablo : ' to the Capo. X know ho would havo r ; ffiven his eyes to go on scrvieo and get his promotion soon enough to givo liim a ohanco y. of commanding tho regiment ono of theso If that is his reason, X must say I '...-think he's wiao to iro nt niwo. flm . f ft man grinding on half his life, and . then having to leave nolens nolens when hoV too old to begin on anything else ?' But no ouo ever know the truth; and so. after a tiino Charlie Vavasour was praotically forgotten by his old comrades, as every ono is forgotten who disappears from tho, whirl pool of 4 society. ' . -V " ® ... ». . \ ' , Vcn;:l6ng:>years.: havo passed, ' awarynnd!. j Clmflio VhvftSouris staudlng ou tho platform' C 'of . the . railway station at "VVimiipeg, tho \- .capital of ilanitoba — tho largo town which r; has . sprung up as though by magio in tho midst of tho boundless prairie. IXo has gouo through nniny vici«aitudys and trials, but htts . steadily, worked his way through them all, , aiid is now a rich man, and tlio owner of ono ; j, of the largest and most flourishing runchcs in the Far West of Canada. AU through tlieso -ten long years ho lias periodically bocu seized <i. ui living ior 'nome.' .jout ltisomy lately that ho has felt himself justiiicd in yieltung to liis desiro. Now, however, ho is , ou-liis way to England, and has stepped at : Winnipeg on business, which, being settled, he has strolled do-u to the station to watch ' . "l0. ftn-ival of the t rain going west, whilst . ' Waiting the time for his own departure east- ' wards boiiio hoars later. 'X'he train is 4 on . : time, as the local phraseology has it, and ! ':tbo. passengers, who havo spout threo V:, cary days and nights iu tho cai3, y hurry out, oven tlmso who aro going on, iavther being anxious to stretch thoir , legs i and gain what enjoyment they may by walking up uud down tho platform during the half-hour which the tram waits. It is beginning of winter ; tho snow lies thick on tnogrouudand a piercing wind is blowing. NovortUolo.is, tluy.ali turn out, only too glau to escape for awliiio from tho sti/Liug utiuos- phere of tho overheated cars. A woman stepped down from the colonists' aleepiug- clothed, and lwked y lirtyand untidy from long travelling: but , jomotimig about her struck Vavasour us ; r.hittr, though he hnrdly saw her faco, vkick was hidden from him, whilst 110 ndptd thvea children who woro following Cr to descend. Whou she turned round, ho Vil.0Vrity' uud' witU a muttered 4 Is it nS.iir4.1 her- ' Jl,nut ! » — 1 ho could hud voiuo to ultor. ior a inoiueat, as sho lotted up ut tho brou/od aud boarded uiuu ,wl>o thuu lid- dressed her, h)io foiled to recoffiiuu him. But ouly for u mu.-uuiit ; mid then ' Charlie ! .Mr. V.v.T.hour ! mm hero broke from her lip., tvhilo it erims-ju lhuth row to her foro- head. Tlioy guzod dumbly at encli otiior for tomb i<i?eond->, uud then one of the eliiMi-en pluekod. :it lu-r !fo\v», (u'yiiur, ' Mrh«ro ii father? ho luun'tcomo to meet 113. Ho mid ho v/ould.' It broke tho «pell ; und Vuvusour, recover- iutf liimt lf, U.krd, ' What in tho incuuiujf of tliM? AS'imt hrin-rs you here?' ' Ah !' she e.vehinioil bitterly ; ' you mny well 11 <k. You don't know; of counts you'vo novel- heard. I'vo somotimea woudoi-ed whether you might htivo hooii in u nowdpniwr, or hcurd from uuy one ut homo, that 1 married C-intoin Mo you remember Bob Mo.ssop 'Itomomber him ! Of courBo lio did. Ono of hut own brother oilieeivj, tlio »on of n weulthy dtookbroker, and tho richest man iu the rc£i- nn-ut: un u<Jmiriiblo rider,, uud a cheery, (jeneroiu youn fellow, popular wherever lio went, but 11 confirmed tumbler. ' ' You murriud Moasop !' Vhvnsour declaim ed, 113 un inkling tif whut was to follow pa.Bcd through his mind. ' Where is lie.' What bnngshinioutlir.ro?' 'I cauuottellyouaUiioiv,' shoroplied, ' hut ;wp uro ruined — Imvolostovoiy farthing. ."Wo ciimo to A'mericu four years ago, hoping that flu might find something, to do. Ho tried uvei-ything : but we have gone on from bad to worse, only gcttiug deeper and deeper in debt. At lust ho caino here, und lias xoutid boiiio work, louding ballast ou t.'ie trucks ; so ho wroto to mo to bring tlio children, and said lie would meet 1110 if ho could, or, if not, . I'-wus to go to tlio — 1 — liouso' (numiiig ono of the meanest hotels iu tlio plnce, whoro all uro bad), 'and wait for liiin thero. I must go i there now, the children havo hud' 110 brcakfiiHt; but do coma audscp mo later, and lot niu tell you all. U, it you could help us to something bottor !' ' Whilst sho spoko, the spell which had held Vavasour for ull tho ton years past wus rudely broken. Wus it possiblo that this querulous, hard-fciitured woman was tlio beautiful girl whose memory had haunted him by iiight aud by day over Bineo thut memor able uiglit? A Bort of anger rose up in his heart against liar as lio thought of tuo long, weary oxilo ho hud ondured for lier sake. But pity mastered selfish feeling — pity not only for hor, but for his old comrade and their innocent children, so ho promised to seek hor later in tho day. When lio rcuohod tlio dirty, rowdy tavern 'which sho had named as lier destination, ho found thut Mossop had been thoro, but had ngaiu gouo .to .his work, so lio wuited, and whilst duinj so listened to tlio detailed ac count of their misfortunes. It was a sud, but, alas ! not altogether ex ceptional story. Clearly slio 'hod raarriod Mousop for his money, and for two or thrco yours thoy had lived a lifo of uudbounded ox- trnvagnneo. In liis mind's oyo Vavasour could picture it all — thocarcerof a professional beauty aud,n reckless gnmblo ; a liouso iu London, u hunting-box at Molton, 11 moor in Scotland, a yacht at Cowcs ; opon houso ovvrywhero on tho most luxurious scalo ; a lurgu laiiiug unidfcuiinuiuuui.| tvivu JUULU tuuu doubtful horses heavily backed ; high stakes uud unhenrd-of bets at poker und bacenrat ; a futile attempt to rccovor losses by criminally desperate gambling at Monto Carlo; and tlion a oriusli 111 the City ; a futhor not only ruined, but disgraced, and disappearing no ouo know whither ; Bob Mossop Ininsolf with Jiis wifoaud throe children litornlly beggars, and owing largo sums in cvory quarter ! ' Yon know,1 t,lio snid, ' that I had nothing, and it was worso than nothing, for I owed my dressmaker sovornl hundred pounds. I meant, indeed I meant, to pay hor us soon ns I was married and liud somo money of my own. But I don't know liow it was, I always seemed to bo wonting more and more things; and when they know _ I'd married a rioh man, thoy left off bothering about being paid, and I wont on, thinking I could pay them whenovor I ohoso ; and then, when wo'd lost everything, it was dreadful tho way tho bills camo pouring in. O Mr. Vavasour, 'if; you only know what I'vo gone through- tneso insc live years you wouiu puy me, in deed yon would i Bob took a vow that ho would never touch a card or hot a sixpeuco again in his lifo, and ho's kopt it roligiously. But no luck over seems to como our way, unless meeting you should bo _ so . Do try and help us ! Just think whiit it is for mo, after all I'vo boon used to, to have to do anything for myself aud him and tlio children. Look at my hands !' Hard and rough nnd scarred thoy woro, indeed, unrecognisable. But Charles Vava sour had learnt many tilings during his cxilo, and amongst them that soft whito hands woro by no moans a necessary accompaniment of tho qualities which I10 loved anu roveronoed in a woman ; and tho hardness or softness of tlioso now held up for his commiseration was about tho last tiling lio would at tho present momont havo hcedod. Tho shattering of his idol wsb as yet too rccont for liim to havo fully realised how completely and irreparably it wus brokon, and ho was, moreover, full of that kind of tenderness which a mun seldom entirely losos for tho woman whom ho lias at onco hoped to call his wifo ; so during lior pitiful recital ho had been turning oreriu his mind tho possibility of finding suitablo work on his rnuoho for his old comrade. But her selfishness shocked mid grieved nun, ana it was, tncroioro, in u buiiiuwuui. abrupt manner that ho roso to depart, saying, as I10 took his lint, 'I urn vory sorry for you, and do not at presont seo my way towards helping you and Mossop. But I -will think it over, and should ho glud to seo him onco moro if ho can manago to ineet mo at tho station half an hour boforo tho train going east loaves.' Ho hold out his hand, whioh sho took in both of heiis, and then, with a shadowt of lier old grace, snid, ' You uro 110 married?' ' Not yet,' ho replied. ' But whou I return I shall hope to bring a wifo with mo. I am tirod of lonolincss.' What prompted him to this answer ho could nover hnvo told. Until that moment no idea of marriago ovor crossed liis brain, and six hoars previously ho would liavo sworn to livo and dio truo to tho memory of liis one ideal. Sho still held his hand, and, looking up in hiB faco with her haggard, faded oyes, said in a low voico, ' Charlio, I must toll you ; I novcr rsally cared for anyono but you. I sent yon away becuuso I wanted to marry -a rich man. -But I hated doing it, and havo been miscrabln ever since, nnd nil through theso years I have thoughVof you and longed to seo, you again.' <' , Ho dropped her hand quickly, anil said vory storhly, ' Novor-lot mo hear mich words again, Mrs. Mossop. Tho past is tho past, und you cannot roenll it. Let it rest 111 its gravo for over. Good-byo 1' and without another look I10 was gouo. » » An autumn morning in tho most purfoct of autumn elimutas. Tho sky without a oloud, air moro invigorating than wonlscan describo, and not a breath of wind. lauirno v avnsour una ills who are riuiug quietly over tho prairio. They havo boon for a wolf-huut with their deer-hounds, and after two capital 'runs havo riddon on to an outlying part of tho ranolio, whoro Captain Mossip has chargo of somo liorsos und cuttlo. Thoy huvo had a cup of ooffoo witli him and Ids family in his comfortable though rudo log-hut, and uro now on their way homo to breakfast. I cannot think whoro I'vo scon Mrs. Mossop boforo,' says Mrs Vavasour. ' Do you know who sho wus, Chnrlio? I Boom to know her face quite wbU, but can't romombor wliero I'vo soon it.' v Vavasour hesitates for a momont, and thon says, 'Do you romemher a photograph I Blioivcd you of Jimot Ethnridgo ?' ' Thut lovely girl whom 3-ou said was tho only Quo you ovor eared for until you mot mo I Yc.i ; of course, I remember lior. You said sho was dead.' ' Forgive mo, dcur,' lio says, smiling, ' I only told you half a truth. Her ghost still haunts tho world, nnd you huvo seen it this morning.' MrH. Vavasour for a second or two looked puzzled. Then riding olose up to hor husband uud laying her hand carensmgly on his urm, said : ' You meant thut all thut had mudolicr lovablo to you was doadV' Ho nodded. ' Ah', Churlio I tuou now I can uudcrstund why you so often speak of her -as. Toor Mrs. Mossop !'" 