Thc Dredge. I Tilo venerable, adage that there i* no smoke nvifhout fire lias become falsified for once, and if, is satisfaetorv to learn that there is no foundation for thc rumour lately industriously circu- lated in Cairns to thc effect that the dredge Platypus was likely to be re- moved at an early date. On Tuesday Mr. P. T. WIMBLE, M.L.A., inter- viewed Mr. NKSIÜTT, of the Harbours and Rivers Department, who pro- ceeded quietly to knock the rumour into a cocked hat; and the people of Cairns may. apparently rest satisfied that tlie Platypus will now pursue the even tenor of its way, undisturbed bv trips to Bundaberg, Townsville or eko wbere, until the bar in Trinity Bay has been dredged to 13ft- at low water, lt is hardly necessary for us to dilate on tiie unworthy, but unfortunately not novel, tactics displayed by those who arc responsible for disseminating the rumour in the first place The motive, by the light of after events, is easily asccrtainabie. Alderman KIXGSFOKD, like another Dos QUIXOTTK, was anxious to tilt at a windmill-he must have some mighty difficulty to grapple with, and as no very important matter was sticking out, one was invented for him. Alderman KINGSFORD may gaily sing, " If doughty deeds my lady please," and all that sort of thing ; but it not only verges upon tile ridiculous, but is actually astride on the absurd, to find a special meeting of tho Muni- cipal Council, sitting in solemn con- clave, calmly deputiug him to lay the ghost tho party had raised for him. At the meeting in question it was nroposed by Alderman WALSH, and seconded bv Alderman S.\nTir=-" That his Worship the Mayor whilst in Brisbane he deputed to interview the Minister for Works rc removal" of tho dredge Platypus." And smiling with delight at the blushing honour thrust upon him, his loin», T»ut : ~ »r*TOUT,!< and'left for Brisbane tho same night. An amusing episode in connection with this storm in a teacup is the telegram from thc Brisbane correspondent of tho party which started thc rumour. This literary luminary, who surveys mankind, and arranges the destiny of Cairns, from tiie top of a Brisbane tramcar, was evidently not cn rapport with the machinations of his friends, and in consequence deemed a telegram which appeared in tho Courier anent the rumour as a move of the enemy, and rushing incontinently into the fray, cut the ground from under the feet of "his Worship the Mayor," and left that belligerent individual no windmill to tilt at. lt is like taking a Maxim gun to shoot a butterfly to allude to this preposterous matter at all, but it must not be overlooked that however paltry and transparent such manouvres may be, they are not calculated to ad- vance the interests of ; Cairns, ur to inspire our neighbours with respect. The object may be nothing more objec- tionable than pandering to the vanity of that harmless and inoffensive old gentleman, " his Worship the Mayor," but tho effoet is bad on tho eomnmuity, and as the French say, " Le jen n'en 