N() ROBBEIRY. Mrs. Chrisi?'s was eanything but an unrleas ant house, and the people who were stav:Ig in it were anything but unpleasant. My lrcon. ceived notion had been that the folks one would meet in a hoarding-house were of a doubtful sort; at tly best it seemed inevitable that there would be social cats purring in.iuisitivelr and treacherously allabout. Soit was a welcome surprise to find the house so diferent from my antcipations. iMrs. Christie herself I knew butolighltl'. She was the widow of a mining engineer who khad done good service to our family io my father's days. She had set up a boarding-houso on Iussel street, and when it happened that I had to goupto tooa to conrcal my old college frendd Martn, now a barrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at my mother's request, to Mrs. Christie's, not without some mtaginmgs about the wisdom of the step I was taking; but I thought tht anyhowit would be a now er renence; and that was just what it did provelto be eventually. The company was made up of an Indian army .hctor and hin d sughter, sh being a damsel faur to lI?a upon; two spinsters from Shropshire; a west country parson and his wife; Mrs. Christe's nephew, a clerk in a bank; myself, and a couple about whom no one knew any thing-save Mrs. Christie, and she not much butwhom every one allowed to be the most charmiogand delightful people they had met for many a day. Mr. atd Mrs. Walcot shadl travelled much and were evidently well read, hut theye neither wearied one's eas with the glories of Capei or Grnada, nor pestered you with talk about books they had read and you hadn't; they made no display, and though brilliant cooverenationoliets, tey waere just time plesnt kind of people in whose company you could sit withoot wanting to talk at all. He was a tall, sparely built men, well set up, with regular features, a man of fine bearing, yet not quite like a soldier; she was hardly so distinguished looking as her husband, hardly so handsome; herieatures just missed reularity, but eyes and mouth had a fascinating piquancy of expression which made her the most atreactire woman I had ever met: I thought so then and I think so still, though I have considerably ex. tended my experience since those days when my mother guarded her fledging from the attacks, rpadous or insidious, of every breed of harplw. But the meet p~lesmag trait in this couple ws that though so plainly devoted to one another, and setised with their own company, they were not wholly eaten up with mutual admira tion; their nature seemed to have a symps thetic feeling that molded itelf? to suit the dispositions of those around, without sacrificine its own individuality. No wonder all liked them; I was psrticularly grateful for their courtoy, not being blessed in either looks or style; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and my father's face: hal it been the other way about, I should doubtless hare proven the social success which I was painfully conscious that I now was not. And it mast have been out of pure good nature that they were so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christie-whether she kept her pro mise I don't know--that she should say nothing to her guests about Earnshaw Hall, or the mince, or the plate and pictures, ormy mother's faou?e diamonds, or the glorine of a contry house that women love. The only one who did not take okindly to them was Marton. On the Thursday after we had concluded our business I prmailed upon him to dine with me at Mrs. Chr.sti, and I remember noting how everyone seemed to be at his or her beet; even larton's severe features relaxed, and he showed himself almost more than courteous to the Indian girt, between whom and one of the Shropshire spinsters he wis sitting, evidently quite satisfied with his environment, as he owned when I was ' setting him ick.' as they sayin the North, to his chambers, 'but but- ' ' But me no buts; what is wrong now ? ' Why, those people to whom you have taker so violently, the Walcots.' ' What about them, Mir. Sensort' 'Theygaseme an uncomfortablefeeling; not that they look uncanny, but I am haunted by the ghost of some bfording reminiscence, as ii I had seen that woman's eyes before-and I am sure I have-hut when or where I cannot recollect ; and I am equally sure they were con nected with something shady-what that, too, wasI cannot bethink me; a hazy, indoiinito recollection it was, hut one that clung to me all the while.' 'MayI suggest dyspepsia? too hard work indoors, too little exercise.' 'Maybe you are right, but do you, too, use a pinch of caution in cementing your now friend. ship. Good-night.' IL A few evenings before I went home, as Waleot and I were in the smoking- room, I askedhim if he would not bring Mrs. Walcot down to Earnshaw for a few days. It was near the end of May, the May fly-fiehing would be on during the next ten days so that hero would be something to do beide seeing the country, whichwas magnificent; there were a few show places f:r those who cared for them, and the season was in its prime for drives over the hills. I put forward all the attractions of the phce to induce him to come diwa ; I could seo that Mrs. Walcot could hit it off with my not too easily pleased mother, espe cially because being married she could not possibly b a siren, and the man had plenty to talk abot, yet never tired ons with talking of himself. I was rather surprised then when he hesi tated about accepting an invitation so unre servedly given. Why should he stammer, and. 1 thought, positively blush and hesitate about so simple a matter, especially as at first he seemed eager to come, for his face had lighted up cheerily3sot was obsclreddirectly afterward bg a gloomy look, almost one of sainess. There was certainl a tone of distressin his roire as be said. ' ou are very kind. I and my wife-I "know I can speak for her--should greatl! like to come northward, but it is scarcely possible.' This ame with more warm:h of desire to accept the invitation than depth of eonvieton about its impossibility. After some further presrrei evidently yielding, Sat lset h said : 'You are reall so frienly that it would be no lese ungrateful than ungrasous to keep back from you the real reason why we shrink from what promises to be so pleasant a visit; and what we have lon of you in thepast week frees me from any doubt that you will not let what I tellyou go further than yourself. My wife, to whom, as you know, I am devotedly attached, has a sad aflliction. Until her illneas, two years ago, there was not a trace of what would now make her life an intolerable burden were she not sulportled by oor strong mutual affoc. ton andconfidence. Alfter that illness she do v00op0d kleptomania. Till then the most scrupulously honest and perfectly exact woman I have ever known, she now as a strange pusoeon for secreting, not anything and every. thing, but only jeweUlery; strangely her aiment only runs in this groove. By keeping a strict watch, I have hitherto been fortunate enough to restore whatever trinkets she has surreptitiously removed. A few intimates only know of our trouble, and, as they understand how things are, we feel less unhappy; still one is anoious, and this is why we have rather shrunk from cceeptine the many invitations we receive from the friends who, we believe, have a genuine regard for us.' 'I think you might reckon me among them,' said I, 'and now that I know and amt so to epeak. forewarned, why should you hesitate ? I could tell my mother what you have told me before you come, unless'-seeing something of a doubt in his face-' you would rather I didn't.' 'To tell the truth.' he said, after a pause, 'if the Imowledge could be confined to yourself I think it would be better. Possibly there may be no trouble while we are with you-I am as suming that you would still be willing to have us-and then there would be no ne to have thus bared our wounds.' ' Very well: if anything does happen we shall find it out, anl you can send back whatever is taken, andti then I can explain it all to my mother; and if nothing is taken, nobody will e any the wier. Teou see, too, that 3Irs. Walcot need not knc-w anything about my mother's jewels.' ' Pray, are they very valuable or attractive ?' ' Both; and my mother is rather careless, asI think, about these treasures, which are chiefly diamonds; she will keep them in a cabinet in her boudoir, the last place, she aysa, where a burglar would search, if one could get in; the windows look out on the cliff over the river and o:rrevantsarotrustworthy. Shesaysshe will not have them long, and we must indulge an old wocman's whims. Still we will not parade them, or even speak of them at all, before Mrs. Wacot. ' Yes,' said he, looking relieved, ' tht will be best; we will not let her know of their existence. AndnowthatyouunderstandallIshall he thapy to bring iro wife; onlr, by the way, don't breathe a wore to madame to intimate to her that you know what I have just told you; for. if she ere:o rauspcted you knew, nothing on earth would induce her to come northward. ' So be it. Iv :no:her will write-let mescoe, this is Tues.tay-you'll get her invitation on Thursdab:, so that you can accept and come down, i[ it suit syour convemence, on Saturday; then our erraneoenenot will fit in.' III. APf) i oearcrnm my diay r: LFeiday, Mloe" , th.--., wrottot to Walcos; marvelloc.v ei·o i. Signed deeds. Lunch with MLrton. tWalcot chery at dinner, evidently rile.sed with the prospect of visit; especially •i. had iot foe-gtten to invite " Venus." '" aturl.ty. .sLt.-Down by 10.()1 express. Wonder of woudrs, MI. at station with pieabld ponies: but -hu takes mcrvellous'y to Mrs. ialcut. Tou day' rain. There'll be good water tla-morrow. of course, when we mayn't tab ' unitre, Ju c !.-Lively as seu..i, but take ti,: Wa etr u ttie g:Le in the ev ning t eroy tavourtl .?.e:. .r. i V.lazt is enrapturei with th. place. '?ouutolay, mni.-O: in Uhe dri:le to ith. Really a good i?y, th;rty-fl.or brace of trout. Walcot not half a t:d hand. :ave to leave the womun- kin athome ; lhole they won't ge: into mischicf. 'Tuesday. Sni-r ie-'lye good day. tifty-thane brace aun thiree s.s-- th. lM. drive, Mirs. oalc,t over the hil! tl see the Iamnc. ' W ai daO. - t th-- ioru. M4. drives the talcota to Uilleswater. At dinner telegram for Wa lot. a?eos they, or at least he, moat go early to-morrow. 0. wacnta him to leave na~.me tidl Saturdy. ShO co?nsents, keeping Venus. The dog's u:'s nas a ;uard; heard the boast snuf ing in the corndor during the ight. uThousday. 5th --e:,-C.a ratmbl1:e gagain; eard hbr when stable clock struck two. aleJ t goes. Stroll m woods all rmorninrg; rach Mrs. Walcot to Ile ilihin aft,?e?oon. Striday, 6th-Much us yesterdlay, but fish rith Mrs. Wlecot in monriag. aDr e ifter lunch. 'Saturday, 7th--Siee 'r. Walcot oif at ,leren. Dreadiully dull day. tIqoe Marton anyhow won't disappoint ume; he's sure to Sme as I asked him, now the Wulcots have gone. ' Sunday, 8th-As per usual yet I survive. 'Monday, 9rh-Here's a str.nCge matter: IValcet writes that after all she -iii tae myro nother's diamonds; lIckily he found it oet mmdiately ol her anrival, rand lha sent heavily asured by train from Leamington to Penrith ;o wait there, not wanting to attract attrction it Earnshaw by a registered plcket of that size mtng by post Darie tot Penr.th, fnd parcel, niht thankfulto get di.uanool, cuietly re ea?her the rabinet. Boy greatet luc. M. had lever discovered their absence. ' By the way, how did Mrs. Walcot know bout the diamonds? Walcot would not tell er, ofcoure. Supposa she andthe mter gut alking, and they omut have been exhihited one rf those days we were fishing. Can't ask M.; nust wait I suppose. Perhaps the poor thing elt tie begining of the cravin, and concealed rar knowledge trom her husbanud; or, juLo saobly. didn't seo them til h l had gone. ciowerer, all's well that ends well. IV. Had all ended well ? The night after Miar on came he made many utoeurnee, over our sitks, about the Walcotr, ano stall seemed to nore an unacseoutable prejudice against them. t was no good to showhow much my mother, lso, thought of him, and how t?tking, yet imple, his wife was, till at last I grew quite arm in defente of my new frinods, and for proof positive told Martin in what a straight forward way Watcot had informed me of his wie s failing, and how quickly he had taken nls to remedy what had happenel. Malrtin istened very quietly to my arguments with his spliiux.like face. which, only aslI cneluded, relaxed into a grim smiloe almot more aggravat lag than his former impeoloetroaiityr. . What on earth makes you look like that ?' I said, a trifle holty. ' Dear boy.' said Marton, dryly, ' If I told you you would only be more angry than you are now, so what's the good . SNaX', out with it. I know I'm inclined to eluompon my friends; but I should not, you may be sure, if I had not the fullest oonlidence 'That is "pLoan for all m0n to are," and you will be annoyed if I speak out. but I wil risk hat, frpyour wroth will noon liow over. 1y0 thoughtls come to this: I am not sure there is not somrething wrong altrt thoee dioaronds.' 'Wrong Iow coulcrd there possibly ho,' 'I hven't ca.rolved the thclucg thorli vet. Havoe you oxarminud thD stones carefully noce you eou them burtet' 'To telle the th, Inever thought of it; only just opened the cse and bid them in tIe cabinet a;t qiekly and cluietly as possible. Iut what could haopen to thamr i Mrs. Walcot only left here on Scturitr, and the do~i ands were hbck on Mlnlay. What ould riave gone nwrong in that times?' ' iothing in tlhat time, outainly; but----' 'But what?' ' Don't Le hasty. I was thinking-- ey the-way, hIave those stnoes been seen by an en pertjerwvller lately?' 'ba, not two mouthago. Some fastening hod come loese when wo were up in L.udon, and my mother took thlem to Reell's; I ws withaher and remonber whattho man e;l of hen.' 'Il ask one tirrg of you, then. Let us have thc-s diamornds exainel. If there is any dhing wroig, it is full time you should knote. If tlhey are all orghtyou will have a legitimate cmowover me, and you may crowna loud as ever you like.' I eill felt pr:oked with Marton, but here was a chance, indiled a rertaintoy, of proirg his auspicioos utnfourdeol, and showing that even the natute Marton was not itnfallille, so I con seuter more reodily thar I should otherwse have done. 'All right, but how a-re weto get them aray to le look tl at withoutmy mother's kneeon" ' Bring a ~un oer from Penrithor Carlueo when Mri. Enton is out, and ostensibly for omen other purpose.' And this weswhat was done. The man for whoem I sent had more knowlecdg, as I knew,, than most localt jeweler an d wan afe. lie come the next alEtreoou, and, whiloe my motlher wasseia?yn eml, fainad the puua with Mortoaana mvscf. To my urnotterabla on. husion and horror, hr proaounced the etonar no atones at all, bat prse, and not very good pa?te, either. Marton did ot : lagh now; he wa too muck aluerrned about my obvious distres and annoynoce. To find one's idol so utterly lshlttered wrs ansturning blow; but I had to eanrouse myself, for there weret others to be ccn. idered. Whaton earth was to be done? The original stones were worth many thousands of pounds; I did not like that loss, but the prospect of my mother's trouble, when to truth lbecame known, rexed me infinitely more. 'Anyhow,' said Marton at last, 'lot us keep it quiet for the present. I have no doubt Mr. awathorn will say nothing about it to any one.' RIawathorne, whom he had known for years, promised silence, and I am sure he kept his promise. After he had gone, Marton sad d: 'I don't know exactly what made me sus picious, except the conviction that I've seen that woman before and in connection with something that wasn't straight. You said there wasn't time to get those stones changed between the Saturday, the day hMrs. VWacot left Earnshaw, and the Monday when you got them back. But how, if it wasn't Mrs. Walcot at all who took them on the Saturday, but he on the-which day did he go? Wednes day?' ' No; on Thursday by an early train.' ' Well, if he took them on the Thursday, he could get them changed by the Saturday night; no doubt he had the false ones ready, or somewhere within easy reach-Birmineehm, most likely; he posted them, you sad, in Leamington' 'But how could they have got the dia monds ?' I made one more struggle in my unweillinn ess to believe. ' I don't think theat they were out of our sight at all, except perhaps when dressing for dinner, and at that time my mother would herself be drenicng in the nest room with the intervening door openl; and when they went to bed.' 'A! were they in ld all night? Your bedroomis thi neat the boudoir ; did your hoa any one enter, or any noise ?' 'Nothing; I sehop soundly-by the way. yes, but I did. I heard that wretiched Vuenus snufiFg about, and I told .Mrs. Walcot m the morning that Venus was not much to depend on for a guardian, the creature rambled about so.' ' What did she say ?' ' Nothing that I remember.' ' Be sure he got hold of them then, and took the dog either to give warnmng or to allord an excuse if he were found at that side of the house by sa?ing the dog had slipped out and he hadfolloweed to find her. A pretty piece of work you will have to get them back. If you go at him straight he will declare the stones are as his wife broubht them, and that you are not acntig as a gentleman should-that is where he will have you- in suggesting that they have changed them. So oftenhauslmds have sold their wives' dianmo ts and sulstituted paste that he can easily au sinuate that you have had them changed yourself to spend on larks, without the mater, your agent, your hanker or amy one being the wiser and he will sty you have taklen deanta n ofnwhatrhe told you as a trusted friend; he can make out a specious case, and a man of that stamp can invent other fictions hardly lhs nnoeyuig. Mrs. Walcot stoved alone with you I tiink you said, from 'the Thursday till the Saturday. I suppose you don't mind spending a hundred or two over the business if you can only recover them?' ' Certainly, and twice as'much for the thing never to have happened. Iean harly pec rsuade myseli even now that theyucolud be guilty of such knavrcry.' -uMarton said no more, but laid hold of a iradshaw?, and despatched a telegram, the reply to which gave a plausible excuse for'his going ct the next morning, and since I was too cnicormfortable to rest quietly at home, 1 said I would go with him for three or four duas. Lut there was another thing to be done; take the trinkets with us we muot. vet see could not take them without my inother's knowledge. Ma.irton's readiness urod decition solved the ditli culty. iit n:kecd nr to show him the jewels; he tien deloerately oemlped a bit of the set- I tind . so that t, o of the stones were loosened. I staotl in amazement, butbe simply said' Wait,' and put the casoe b.k in the! cabinet. After dianor, .s it was a roa ny evening. 3lalon made I aseicuiuhi he wantedr to be amused, and asked my moither, like a spneit child, tJ be allowed to look at hee diica.ooids for a trot. She was rether surpriecd at such frivyoity on the part of th., sedate and stern Mdirton, but of ourse ad nd them heougi h. As soon as th?e u ase w olpened. and she ttnCu: aware of the accident, my mother was loud is her hintentations. and hadl no thought about an-thing exep.t how the mis fortune had hsprenedd. anol who.t was to be done; but she was somewhat pacitied when Marton suggested that we should take the l et I upi t t)own in the moi:ncing and get the mischief remo.iied. I wish I ad that mren's promptitude anid nees. The next night saw us in dose conference with a deo-ctive-I hate those craswling creatures, but there was no choice-and we re view the .itua~ton. Whcres were the Walcoths Since they would doubtless brazen it out if t directlr challenged, thi y 'vould protbly not be tdiuliv auxlious to conceal their whereabouts. - l hher ?d spcken of retunring to Mrn.C Liristie'e for a couple of days, and then visiting somei friends before going over to Paris, so Mrs. I Christie would probably Ie able to inform us where they were. aIId they the stones with them?" 1eoguesendsoa . nud that these stoncs were to be di??osed of across the chaunel. So no time wss to be hn-t: if they went be. eond seas. good-bye to our chance of rm)enerincee them. Ieow on earth were they ever to be got hold of? VI. (Letter from Mr. Jolui Dene.) IKtrsreox, Juno 18, ISS1. SiE,-On leaving you after receiving your isttructions, I started for this place, the nearrst station to Lythe Court. There is likely to be eaonidemrhle dilnculto in getting a foothold at the Court,but I decied to make mavapproaches ac a groom chadring his place and itaking a few days' holiday in te eighbourhood, having live.l a a boy at Newmarket, and knowing consider able about hores. Not to take up too much time to the telling, I may son I was soon at home there, and made free of'the servants'-hall, where, by means of a civil tongue with the upper servants, and a chiruppey m'anuer with the maids, being also able to stlg a lively song, if called upon, becuame ferndlly with the lot, so could consider who was likely to be useful, and learn the ways of the visior. I found Mrs. Walcot didn't have no maid with her; the hIhoukener's niece, who was vioiting her aunt, sady'a-naided her; but she wao no good, nervous, aud no spirit about her. There was a middling lot of oerrants, what with tthe riitors. twoi; at last I fixed on one, sir, as you might not think. She was aen Indin woiman-a noe-u -a aah ther call them, to the nieces of tle, mistr ., lire.'Itamiltn,i as had come from India in the s'-rinc;. Shle wa: uncommoin dark, rather snill.' but hil t tei:mih look ibat her moith, and her brhelc ), e i- cves mia-ed nothing. I gueased nce cre?ld not stick at tri.fles, and would luow as well asn most our oenmon language, wLieh was pounds, :diing'g, and pencs; and itaeeme, -t to lubricate the machincery freely. When we had comne to as uudet-a:mdig lteew I wanted someehing dfone ptstichlrly euiet. I told her who ] was aci cvhat t was after, eu1 how this uoule was supposeol to bte in osmanoesnion of the stones knosn to, have t-c-n chanceg.. I wiated (r to flin! out if tihey had the stones with tl:cm, md ifc so to get them into her hands, rh:g.ug them ifi possible for the ltseo onue, but ancoey" gctcing the ntoneas. Astd I pruomied a sovereoign dowe on the unail for every stone, big or litle, and there was known to bea 1j. You should htvi seen her eyes glisten when I told her how much itO oasin their mnei ,rue n , r and when I showed her the ltg oEJhinc's . I prolocied we i s'oueL pereoto! en bt kic- leenie ,ocicolnuany, a weeshooldt-aend.tc:iag to boihir us but t ? others' ccai. S?hie nought o0 directlr. Ttnt dime nighlt ahe toll ise in the hrubl·erv shehadhsaovercI that tis. Walcot dreai s rly for linde r, nd atwrn- s lockted her trankci b'fore cmrinee down, and c.rioecd the k:vs m hbr pocht; "the little dog Toens 5l0et in their ar et; th'i ln:ke:l the roon-door rc;ol.erh. every ilht au thre was a small revNle cr i The first suppovition wasthat the stciei , it ther had themn at all, were in their teunks. Tihls Imuc] doubted; sill the secr:h hla to;· + made, and to do this either the locks must bO picked or Mrsn. Warlmot's keys In got hold of ; ten former alter;ative emewtd harder, as thi, locks would probably be w,-ll made, but it would take lesu taen than wa.iting to secure th. keys, and time was an onject. Anncordingly I ut into the ayah's hands a bunch of skeleton to try hoer luck with the locks, and if the i tle no reaeanoe, to overhaunl the tmlrunks that night whlile the were au dinane. -This venare -was suc:eful in on wyar, hit not ice aniother. The woman's skiied fibugers astntered thelucks, butet hrewerenoidti?monls. 'Ph'nty of lpretty thina,' shetlsid. 'but no dinaonds'; sthe bd thewit to sa· if the trenks had any secret receptacle, I told her to exarsene the high iheehiof heorshla, the theck ivory mir brshe?, and ali coils of hair, but it ans no Then he orhe earirel then about? Which? S he for dcoie.~1 t'cuse it found on her, it could be attrbuted to kleptommnila,' which wouldn't -pply to him. liesi? the compllcadtons of a nwmann's dress afferd hiding plhaes which the ucretieneso of her charcs:tr delights in, ConcluUing, then, that she had them ulcut her, we had thesc difficulties to counteract: 1\. The presence of her husband. 2\. The little dog. 3\. The locked door. 4\. The revolver. 5 Finding the whereabouts of the stoces. 6\. Getting them. An hour's quiet walk in the lanes settle I nt plans. I concluded that the business ouiet liJ done at night, if it was to be done without resorting to violent measures, anl 1\. The husband must bo got away for nce night. , 2 Venus must be doserd with a soieraci:c ?:.I her mistress, too, if nec'essary). 3\. I knew how to overcme thise. tI. Tr mech anism of the revolvcr mul:t i disarranged or the earctridges damped. I and a dedended on the skill rull nerve of thle aah. And the steps I decidel to take, with u r:.: I to each leirticular were these : 1\. To get tle hustinmd oil the gr cicel, ih must be sumeaon oed away elsewhith rti 1i a tegcram ; but from whcmrt , s tI t h: : I aeliere it genuineo a! ia t don it ? I set:.. that was h-r namee, t, watch the let: r+%l- not that hae was very liLely to entrust canl'thul.-i important t th:at, whichl anyone miiit se .. and then stiro l-t diwn to pick uip wh t scrrrn of information i eiuht b-y hk or crook at ti, pst-oflice. And here CI had a fine pi: , luck. As I e tered the otice, whtaom sio!o 1 see but Mr. Walcut himnself, just ial iirq in te-!,gr.ue. ' Wh:?t's thii name:i I.n ie it i' asked the o.licial. ' Yes,. it's plain noi:!l," was the reply in a sharp tine of an::oyn:.: . ' B, a. r, r, e, double t,' slow-ly sielit tie ca. moved olnrator, ' and are th.'e letters iE. C.? 'Yes, cae't you ecrtl ' reil?ed tir. WaOo.it. cer, wrathfully . ' L.C.' rei:toel the an:c ie the same monotonous way as cforc; . the stamp, ple?ase.' This we-e tice last e:r.i. ' -e you,' said mic geatleman, aei rilt l the oce, e sla::?min the doer : the t . man ttd to lick the stames hirmscif. :'Ir wasn't niy bInlinC so, though I'd Ihave i ':. a hundred staicu!l for the informiatii: ,. gut. leturning eat once to my room:, I wr,:e to a friend I oftc-n work with to send ths. mersago without fail n,-?t day from cocmi ofi i in the E.C. district: 'To Wik't, LI:l Court, Kemistoa. Meet nme at the tir:ld 10 to-night. Barrettt;' and I also asked hi,ie I, d:lspatch this at 9.30 next night: 'Wa:1'.,. Grind hotel. Trutf..!gar-equare. Had to r sutIdenle. Paris. Blarrett.' I should thus get Walect away, andi t , rite for him to return thit night, tie iw ,-?i come back nert day ewithiut hatving Lhi v:I. plcions unn-lly rouse, arel witho:t hunt min up Barreft. whonever ha was, s-;]:-'.nI him off for Fcrnee. I guesel he woeo.t take the halt, becoaue he s em.? e riled at an:l , ne hearinrg Iar:t's name in the telegeralh o?eic. I warned my co-operator by wire toexpec:; i l ii portant letter. o. Ilalf a inzn tdrops of alld:ntm in a h:t of chicken at p.S .mr. woull settle 'Yene cocei fort.lilv' for the night, and two or thrret: in mada3e's cecoitina would be jut enr:,:gb to make her sle-p rather heavily. 3\. I toll th: arah to bring me the k. v of the helroomdorat '.4i. when the guetc woiuld .: e rat dorwn to dinner. I lerd diealt with roch before. Every key of this kind inh:s u id stem ending in a knob or hbos. whddl te:nds -'ct-trvmnlt inthe lonced doer; with a itrrow t dht file I div-ided this has ver:ically in a ':t :n cighlh of ::n inch d icp, making it like a ? . Dr liserting a small screwdriver or broken c n kcnife hi thie slit, it was pissible to make the k,': revolve, and open the door ; in the same w ay the bolt might le shot lack again and theli l ,r relocked, anl apparently all be just ca I, fte. Of e:urse the lock should t oiled so as to :-rk t casile. Mostpeo"le think it safer to le.tve the hey in the loek hut lthis is no good if ti, ..L; as bh en filed like the one I held, and it ncver occurred to Muladmne Waloot to exanine Ih . 4\. With a hypodmeric syringe swtI-h ufityah hunted up-it belonged to one of tIhe ine ladies--I injected a few drops of water through the rajper sheath of icth cartridge the revolver held. They wero safe enough ncew. All thse points were duly dealt with; in lhe first only did we risk much, but our ch:utres were as good as the euemy's, and as yet the c ncmy were unsuspecting. IAs fie and six di- not depend on me I could onl wait; but I relied on the avahl: there was I a lok about her slender brown fingers that s reminded me of wonderful tales of Indian turglerv. I wanted her to take some chlor.a form ill case of accident, but c e, despiled this. I Next mornincc soon after sunrie., she mete mo in oer usnile walk in the hruatberv withl a cali facec but in reply to my inquiry : ; What luck:' anfastened her headger awnl Ilourel intoe my hat what looked in the brt;ilt early sun ,hine like a shower of sp rdeling dewdrops. I :id not a cword till I had counted olt inti, her an Is 17 sovereigns; anal when she had i i',a.,ed- t them away I asked for the histonry of h r adventure.' This she told me at len th. ,I' I 1 ion't give it here, for Ele has to tI'c . h.: children to ILondon to-morrow, to nc It r o,:n other relhtions. and ets the will stir :,t the Arundel at the Emh tlkment, no g-nat lra: ir mn he Temilp.,, I thought you, sir. ii:ct like to t se her youreclf a.il har hertaleroemthur ;cn f lps. She ridl l t'r,!y enld rwhol shlie 1. r a t window cpen aoec, and c o?eens nig tL.r,.ict t lhe cr:emr of lea:ves mswl tie ft 'of 'MrtI. :I- . ait, locking bright anl fresh in the carly crarn- i in light. I'm a hird man, but I could not belr feeling crry for htier, deceiver thoughl shoe w;, when I thoauht how tmuch on the wrol nr ie of c the balance her accounts were likely to make up. I sihall return b°y the mid-dcly expreir , andl 1 tring the diamonti , to your crlmbers in the aiternooni.-I am, :ir, your obedient servant. Jou x Dr:se Sidlney Marton, Esq., Temple. London. P.S. --Wewere only just in time. I heard at the Court this afternoon, where I strolled so as lot to seem to Ileave ihurrielc, that Mr. Walcot was comling downi hb midday train, and they are off to Paris on Friday. J.D. VII. ' Wcll,'said lMarton, as he folded up Derce's eport, ' I suppoe' that is about the end of the ausi?,ecs. except interviewing thie cenl ru111r getting the di.ueonds. It is to I" hope 1 that the supple-liugered Indiau hasn't tricked De,' ftcer all and kept the g, cuii:e arlili, hilreclif. 'Il-the-way. I should gallt r like to hear what hat womnn has to tell nu. Step dolwr: with me Co th-e Arunden, and we will tr" to fined her.' I did not much care to hear anything more blout the ali~tI blel t?iuini:e; hbuit as Martin Reemed to wish it, and I wl: so indebted to him : in the matter, I smothere l my disinclination and Sanfi-th we not hard to find, and this is the tale sle told us: ' As soon as I hneal the gcontle:neu diilsere crotu the e'oickin.rocui:r, auCl the i:. e oat last Ieg: ' o be still, Icirept dowlcst.:in..:nil q1uietly at down irl tlie whindore -seat at the southr, l icngle of tl e eorricr. , hil takecn rcare to icri hli casem-ntUit beore, andi the niight wase rfiectl: clmi, e> tchat I eoul catch hlel tever ec.ui.n c,-me tor:u aMr. Walcot's r,?oms, as they ware toherdiiie'uua?, 'or dear creoture, whl it rakes it ,o-s,,py rhe?" t (I coul hlave told her);: I h ird her op , i "rnd ubut with :a click h~ertrave!iOn tg.?.nud s.ou ill ,iwed auother Ilerd met.t.lheslen.l, hrch I guri slel d c:Ine from I"yirg thc revo-vter cn thh litle mabhle tcl' c ic in her telcc tovatina, thici the . ic if th e "cleands:tiurerieatiiown: thi u ttn miilluts of Chuili~n*, thiuc : lvin.= ywnc--cf whiech I wcv glad. for it meanrt drl waines--the ligh: wet, nut; ut at thlis time of YCear there is a cimn iuster clar eIncugi co sete r1t all iiight. S. n all was ctill. I waited ther a full hour. tlhat hlertc-eelr mighti t? ettlced aid deep. Next I loockeil to '- ithd al t ile d.1l r,:'lr wern cluwl, e l.hat thCere miihti Lc n dru?tht tutte seut any cf thwce Wcth ccci airt.hetneivt canc, true h c nt tlc nicht wan relila, ttcere wVLs little elihnc o eulat: still it was well tolw onle thLE Eio side.l Theo with the small t' e-r-driver OMr. i)cn gavoe me I sflly. turlo d the key, puihI:nici tlk ainitest the cirin, bui lot n ril:atig mly hIllc Citer the r.ctaiice iwas over-euce, so that therel v;en no nc1;an thlr' Icuctltnd ti lm e, l dille c aLi thlis. ikeo ll :it tlce Ct.clrt. a-cia wcll-cicecl; it ee. tl no noirc' icidl bh iael I ulcencelii t dcor. :tle.it::~t I Lstrc d iccicgC; 1 hlad nctitiig yvtte iue tai the l 1ii contaeiaicen heg ' ihe le e trnes, t delicntt feather, and my own skill anid tnurlge. 't stod and c:lnd,,-red. I C Iul stle a lit,!e anid hear more; the dcogwat breathincg heavily in herr -:l:et nea:r the marhleI tble. Mrs. Wae ot Itecet !i emfrcic tur i ithe ohlor way nod wna felst av:IcI. The' I 'n ilslt lo uelld the lrc an:d ob-erved the sileper. Ore hand lay outside the cqec' rlet, thie other w.i rlhced leneath her cheek:d cllcrictr lile. hut vetlecr it held any thing c cell t i- hie id'ii; ruot, cr che tie-?t h, could eI Iss emy lind I.c neth thn piPow. Aind non lei:cn my Ca tnk. Yoa learv heirl of the Inurin thieve, and hic, by m'..ia-t a deeper tos anblltrestltesly, they can steal alwmay the very bedclothlcs on whiih he is lying. All this I knew and ninny another trick of hand ' An noi, one slighteSt toulch of the tiny feather, shea id?el hler head; another toucl, her ha:ldtlirred; a thirdl, her heand turns half aeound, anil. held looele inl her fienrgers, apllwro in the tnilight a small leathern leg. Now for the t?t of dcdelicate skill; hardly a hrush. hardly ne:re thrn a fanting of the urInface of those slender fingers, nnd t!:, L' !1 "Ic.=es; I touch the hag, the tren.:re io mis o \--no, not yet-the ha d llowly he - to close jlnin. Shall I sncth tlhe Ir ;n ? o; such rougness is noly for rlu... y d-; let b awhile; yet one more subtle htirri.' ofi that satin silk, the faintest rullei; 1. r l.c:l onooe more uncloses madrermntits il:cln,"-d. Sftly I gWalp the bag. untying t1k, thick e.lrd of silk, and bury it in my pocket, where the diamonds mlake no sound as thy fall; then,, withdrawilng mIy hand, I unfi.on:'a he other a g aud insert at it tihe i ck of hier., ': othe: ing thetwcein my shawl ai rIc:e! thlir post tion, to dr)wn, t!,e nois of tih ma'oiwr: sonel0. And nowit is de, th' i!kn .n' is tie a. aia.-still lse sleps " :ee .-:awl lastly I rrjrl ice the1ro a r h trher co ,1a+it v t: htor,. \t as it a p.aro t of my .n ral cre'.t, or th r pride of triumtn hant skltl theit m, udel ace yet o0c0 Imoe t:ci: hr h:ln i, chic tcast it opened lnd re:.oedae:i'anin, gr ,i , i' t.:. t om pleti th. uuhacn!it wlna ei t . ttal: All o.r 1loow. baUe an e: l.,rt. ; otel look ar.>u I to see tht: uno tr a, e iii,) :: sidll I open thet doer, a.tl i; t::- h. . 41 clo i t aigttn. I go downt n th ;'ii -a out intoiti th? 'w night air. L : , I .ln in the el.rubatrn all 1rn. Doe : n?d I I'vt him the real" dieeotide. A', lohit-.' snh :added, ' you are o:r nliasters, but y,,ou h::e a gre.e deal to lear irom us.' I!. Bt I ha.1 an experi,:n :t c-.... Th: mixtt tnmoralin?i.r in i iii I ad tI , hlith the inaoes by takin ; . wt the secltaag, to b. epla, , ,.e.' C', .t w-st dolln voct I ,'ld .t r kc'p thrin in a saf,:; indt. I ion.,di it tie nirht l tfr, to Ia,'i th a:. . t > ord r , , : ct ilc t ee n licebto .nr t ;ll: .n I:. r;! ':N b dtir. We w, re ju.: tu ' '.?1 . t1 - ciler'a tnhrem-gelood teti' }r' -itd 'ci ten et fac, to t:t' ba:t --Ihe i t 1 ::.unrd r!ut tsonethi", atl t? ' i c, n.. 'r, anl alttrly w:ei rcb ,. tI.r L .,.,.n:, whi theer I wl~i'.ndiigo u ri?a , . 4 . o : . [. a:, i n th 'y :I art n s.l l much men .,'. ..r it -. u.at Wt. t.oe11.: nid to agftrwi,.. ' i.: ::l:n a pd itt:l.?.ctb:.t!tc, ant ctt:,l 4r , ilnjyed a sc?'ce st to.l ' u l inll ei.+ l., ?'.cr thI actotll ph.yel their tIrel: ill a m.:n. r tha-t war I i: t c,.eto . At I., .: r O m e ofl tilh triest and cot tr:..:i.. re?.rks, we gat di-ntan:l. ad tw nc.eli to day 'gool day.' It was n.:tlt ,.. tol bO awkwai'd nt a cr's?. Lutt td n, e , :oPle of tV wurld; 1. lv. how?,'r ee itonsd what, it watsa thatl had r'li .'i t ntem. We were jot unfol?dlin our be u .ie"? to tho jeweller th o: ame cnn who ai .-, greatly adosnir th ite'd a n-ere .enton:h . 'nf; he remarked how much unl re lartuntn te tt were in our pVsa eioan than thII- Lildy a nl .a ntl:t:.n who had jut gone. ' how t ' a ken 1 Mre.,. 'They wishkl t., d? ? o:: n t v'aluable. ,liamno:.d, they eait, an i we w-:e not uuwilling to be?oir the purcha"rs t ly , stun, but whn thecy witl t?- i i I .tther bag whIlct'e inl. thi"at :.! 1o . n ,d theml oi the ,'n i nr, I n -at a i,. ..i . t'y were nlot n ite .toned :' , and : ,,1i :t ., l h Iv,' never sen e0oplt tmore 0,r r1 I or ".!:ated. ie muttred • After all the 1,ubb .' Mi !,t* had not a word to ui,'r. in .'t "nh s1 :n 1 dazed andstupefied. i'ray, c.., you t.:!: . xr. who trhey are, if I may take .. lý. rty .tLi?e they .spoke with you as , ..I . ' Their nme is Wa :. I 1 i. a 't all I cgut tell rou.' ' And (.rtrd,' ie a 0 . w, :: ' that wasn boutet ouhh; to. ::y ? i?. ' :e? thtern it stoke olum,, . wh: , , ' , r-: ". di ht't itl \ino.o,J ttht:nkt r, v '1 j'' i?it with them.cnstltc $" o' ' "h'. tvli time.' tnd i th~aut ,n o ri'.-' t : c.it-h. ha niB/ 