THE JACKDAW OF BHEMS. "Time mlsar Gorrus sdeo eooedentie stimuHs compunctua fult^ tt cxecratio cam tantopere eictodtaret: pemw, pHBterea ei defiut&ant;, «t alls pe&dnlis; omnes Intorinlslt ct tam i4>psniit vt omnefi ejus misereecerent," " Tunc ibbis KuogotOns man3avit ut rursus furem absolvepent -••quo facto, Oorvus, omnibus miraiiiibga, propedieniraaivaliiit, «t piEtiium suiitatem itcupcraviL" JJcItUaL Ord. Cuterz THE Jackdaw sat on tbe Carditnl'^ chair ! Bishop and abbot, and prior were there; Many a monk, and many a friar. Many a knight, and many a squire, With n great many more of lesser degree— In sooth a goodly company ; And they served the Lord Primate on bended knee. lyever, I ween, Was a prouder seen, . -fietd of in books, or dreamt of in dreams, Than the Cardinal Lord Archbishop of Bheisis! In and out Ttrongh the motley rout That little Jackdaw kept hopping abont; I Here and there Like a dog in a fair, Orer comfits and cates. And dishes and plates, Cowl and cope, and rochet and pall, Mitre and crosier 1 he hopp'd upon all! With a eaucy air, He perched on the chair Where, in state, the great Lord Cardinal Bit In the great Lord Cardinal's great red hat; And he peer'd in the face Of his Iiurdship's Grace, "With a satisfied look, as if he would say, " We two are the greatest folks here to-day ! " And the priests, with awe, As such freaks they saw. Said, " The Devil mast be in that little Jackdaw !" The feast was over, the board was clear'd, The fiawns and the custards had all disappear'd, And six little Singing-boys—dear little souls! In nice clean faces, and nice white stoles. Came, in order due, Two by two, Marching that grand refectory through ! A nice little boy held a golden ewer, Emboss'd and fill'd with water, as pure As any that flows between Mi""" and Namur, Which a nice iitUe boy stood ready to catch In a fine golden hand-basin made to match. Two nice little boys, rather mare grown. Carried lavender-water, and eau de Cologne ; And a nice little boy had a nice cake of soap, Worthy of washing the hands of the Pope. One tittle boy more A napkin bors, Of the best white diaper, fringed with pink. And a Cardinal's Hat mark'd in "permanent ink." The great Lord Cardinal turns at the sight Of these nice little boys dress'd all in white : From his finger he draws His costly turquoise ; the And, not thinking at ell about little Jackdaws, Deposits it stnught By the side of bis plate, While the nice little boys on his Eminence Till, when nobody's dreaming of any such thing:, That little Jackdaw hops off with the ring 1' There's a cry kild a shout, And a deuce of a rout, And nobody seema to know what they're about) ; But the monks bin Urur podxits all tum'd inside out j The friajsvtetacfeteng, And hnnticg, and feeling . The caipe^ the tnor, and the walls, and the ceiling. The Cardinal AttW Off each j^um-colonrM shoe, . • ";' And left his reS ttodfinga exposed to the view; : '. He peeps, aim teeb In the toes and the heels; They tarn up Che dishes—they turn up the plates— They lip the poker and poke ont the grates, —They torn up Uie They examine "tiie mugs But no !—ho such tiling They can't find THE BXKG 5 And the Abbot declared that, " when nobody twigg'd it, Some rescal or other had popp'd in, and prigg'd it!" The Cardinal rose with a dignified look, He call'd for bis candle, his bell, and liis bock ! In holy anger, and pious grief, He solemnly cursed that rascally thief! He cursed him at board, be cursed him in bed; From tbe Eole of his foot to ihe crown of bis head; He cursed him in sleeping, that every night He should dream of the devil, and wake in a flight; He cursed him in eating, he cursed him in drinking. He cursed him in coughing, in sneezing, in winking; He cursed him in sitting, in standing, in lying; He cursed him in walking, in riding, in fly- \- ingi He cursed him in living, he cursed him dying !— Never was heard such a terrible curse < But what gave rise To no little surprise, Nobody seem'd one penny the worse i The day waB gone, The nigVtjsame on, """ iMWl} 1 * When the Sacristan saw. On crumpled claw, Come.limping a poor little lame Jackdaw! No longer gay. As on yesterday; His feathers all seem'd to be turned the wrong way;— His pinions droop'd—he could hardly stand, HIE head was as bald as THE palm of your hand; His eyeBO dim, So Wasted each limb, That, heedless of grammar, they >11 cried, THAT'fi wnr j — That's the scamp that has done this scandjloas thing] That's the thief that his got my Lord Cardinal's Eting j" - The poor little Jackdaw, When the monks he saw, Feebly gave vent to the ghost of a caw ; ^. And tum'd his bald head, AS much as to say * " Pray, beBO good as to walk this w»y J ™ Slower, and slower Helimp'don before, Till they came to the back of the belfry dooh Where UieCmt thing thty saw. Midst the sticks and the M.raw, Was the Else in the nest of that little Jack daw ! Then the great Lord Cardinal c&H;'d forliis b-jdk, - And off.that tenable curse lie took • Ihe mute expression Serred.iu lieu to! confession, "The Jadcdaw £ot plenary absolution! —r-Whea those worts were ieariL - TJut poor little feud • -» , Was so changed in a moment 'twas mjlv absurd, • - . Hesrewdisek,andiat; In addition to that, A fresh crop of feathen came thick as amat! „ ffiaijH waggled more Even than before - Butnolongerit wagged with an impudentair* Wo longer,he percli'don the Cardinal's chair Heiojipd now about Withagait devout ; t Mitins, at Vespers, he nerer ^M ; And, so far from any more pilfering deeds, He alway's seem'd telling the Confessor's beads. If any one lied—or if any one swore— Or slumber'd in prayer-time and happen'd to snore, - That good Jackdaw Would give a great "Caw 1" As much as to say, "Don't do so any more! WMle^oiaDy rem^rk'd, ma bis manners. -" JfntiKwl* 1 .« -p ' And at last in the odour of sanctity^died; When, as words were too faint, His merits to painty The Conclave determined to make him a Saint; And on newly-made Saints and Popes, as jou know, It's the custom, at Home, new names to bestow, So thev canonized him by the name of Jem Crow! 