SI UD1ES OF A OHHAT CITY. 9 The following interesting article is the produc tion of Mr. D. Baisillie, who is connected with the literary staff of the "Scotsman." The writer wa younger brother of Mr. A, Baisillie, of the firm of Baisillie. and Fogarty, drapers of this city, and was iu Sandhurst in I860. He was 21 years of ago then, and having the fever of gold hunting on him tried his hand at disrgin;?, and also at reefing. Success did not crown his efforts, how ever, and after three years' trial he returned to the ola country and determined to study at the Uni versity. To obtain the necessary funds he found employment in Glasgow, and with a perseverance worthy of all praise successfully pushed on in his career. Eventually he went to Edinburgh and became governor of tho Donaldson hospital His literary mstincts ware strong and he became a »??. wrlter aD^ general contributor to the bcotsinan of marked ability. As he found he had got into the groove which evidently suited him he relinquished his ]>osition as governor of the hospital, and in addition to his newspaper work began to deliver lectures in various parts of tlie country, and these have been most favorably received. From many of his writings it is clear that he is posted up in Australian matters. On entering Notre Dame in Paris that Sunday morning we fouud groups of sightseers looking about them. A shabbily-dressed individual offered us his services as guide. One figure caught my eye-the most wretched I have seen in Paris-» dirty tatterdemalion, sitting with his head 0:1 his bre;ist, far back from everybody. Ho might have been in a deep sleep, which had only come to him when, he could take refuze in the Catho dial after the doors were opened; or he may have been in a drunken stupor. But, God for give me, perhaps the poor wretch had more of the spirit of the publican who smote upon his breast than I had, and crouched there conscious of his own_ un worthiness. There is a succession of services in Notre Dame on Sundays. We heard spine fine bass and baritone voices humming the closing part of one with the monotonous tedium of a swarin of bees. Whether it was articulate sound or inarticulate humming no man could tell. There was only a handful of people paying any attention to what was going on; and the business of the hour, whatever it was, was carried on by the priests with perfect indifference to the presence of any one. The office at elevon o'clock turned out to be petite vusie. There might ba suty or seventy people at it. The only part of it m which tho officiating clergy showed anv con sciousness of the presence of other peopte was when an ecclesiastic, preceded by a grandly arrayed bj:\dle with mace in hand, moved actively about among the worshippers to collect the contri butions. As for tho priest at the altar, we only saw his back parts, as without a sound he went through various gestures and genuflexions before the altar. We grew tired of this at lust, and quitted Notre Dame, never to enter it for the purpose of attending any offica again, unlois we are assured on reliable authority that there will at least be some music to be heard. At one o'clock we went to another office in the Madeleine, still with some hope, for tho Made leine baa at least a musical reputation. We were ^ a ^petition of tho office of the morning. There seems to be a paralysis of common semSe and religious feeling iu the two great churches of I aris. No wonder men ha^e forsaken the churches. The soul of religion has fled. Its very body has gonfi to dust in them, and only the cerements are left. We see the grave clothes and the napkin in the corner of the sepulchre, but they have taken away our Lord, and we know not where they have laid Him. " He is not here, but is risen, and has gone before you into Galilee," ! say tho angels of tho Holy Ghost; and we leave the cerements of ecclesiasticism to moulder away m their Arimathean sopulchre, and seen tho Risen Oue in chambers of Jerusalem, on roads to Eminaus, by shores of Galilee. Oo that Sunday wo felt His presence more in the sun-brightened faces of the blithesome Boulevards and the sweet humanities of a busy market of birds and other home pets hold tons la dimanches in the Place de Lutece than either in th« gorgeous Madeleine or under the towers of Notre Dame. We do these things better in England, 1 had a Sunday in London beforo crowing to Paris, and I went to the morning service in Westminster Abbey. Tne Abbey wa3 well filled on my arrival there. Opposite me was the Poet3' Corner, the holiest of England's shrines. Over the busts and monuments of the i.lustrtous dead the subdued sunlight was stealing through sacred stories glass Poured in ^beautiful art. Grey antiquity from old Saxon times had stolen it3 gentlo consecrating hand over fluted column, richly carved wal', and uoblo arch. And in the thrilled air of the holy place, waves of harmony from pealing organ and rich-voiced choir flew npirit-liko to and fro at brief intervals. Surely, I felt, as the hair of my head lifted with irrepressible emotion, this is the House of God, this is past the gate of Heaven. "Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them nor serve them " came from an unseen corner in aged, tremulous tones upon my startled ear; and again from organ and choir swelled out a volume of harmony, 14 0 Lord, have mercy npon us, and incline our hearts to keep this law." The Bishop of Kangoon preached the sermon from John viii. 12-" I am the light of the world." The Bishop's discourse could not be defined with mathematical accuracy, like so many Scottish sermons, as length without breadth. It was brief, eloquent, and thoughtful, a learned and mostintereeting con tract between Christianity, the "Light of the world," and Buddhism, the BO called Light of Asia." The closing sentences were to the follow ing effect" Buddhism is not a religion; it is a philosophy. Nowhere on the face of the earth haa it any practical power over the lives and morals of its votaries, who live as though there was a hell to escape and a heaven to win. It can give them 110 help in trouble, no comfort in sorrow, no support in temptation. Everywhere it is effatc; while Christianity, is a vitalising power, the mainspring of tho great spiritual movement which is, slowly it may be, but' surely, regenerating the world." As if in approptiate continuation of the same noble theme, tho Bishop intimated at the close of his sermon that the offering for the day would go to aid the fund for giving poor London children a holiday in the country. Very earnestly the good Bishop appealed to those who have happy homes and bright littlo children frolicking on the stairs to help in giving a brief country holiday to some of the poor little city sparrows, to whom, all round the changing year, "the blessed light and air are banned and barred, forbidden fare." I havo seen a fair exhibition of pulpit dramatic art in the City Temple, I havo hoard in the crowded Tabernacle an earnest exposition of the cardinal doctrine of the Shorter Catechism, but I quostion if cither the dramatic sliill of the City Temple or the ba'd earnestness of the Tabernacle will so well satisfy the religious aspirations of Englishmen as tha grand, yet simplo, servico of the old historic Abbey, the Valhalla of England. Why did Nelson perpetrate that absurd disjunction, "Westminster Abbey or Victory?" A far truer and deep;r meaning lives in tho conjunction, Westminster Abbey and Victory. ' 