TALE. . , Faithful Unto Death. Chapter I. It is thoyoar of our Lord 1CG0. Tliolittlo Plymouth sottlomont, mado up of unflinching men aud dovotcd women, has gained ft small ■tout sure foothold'on American soil, llonderod comparatively safe from tlio enoroaohmonts of tho Indians on tho ono aido and the Dutch on tho othor by tho league, offonsivo and defonsivo, which had toeon formed in 1643 under tho namo of tho Unitod Colonies of New England, they havo sot stoadily to work to establish oities and a government for thomsclvos ; and after tho first few years of deprivation tlioy havo Buecooded in planting a small tout ilourishing colony subject to Charlos II, who has just been restored to tho throne of England. ' , Since 1G56 tho Plymouth settlors have been waging a hot war/aro against the Quakers, and with their stern Governor, John Endioott, at their head, havo perpetrated worso and worso oruoltiea upon tiiom. Porliaps tho unprovoked outrages committed against this innocent society culminated in 1659, when tho soutence of death was pronounced against three of their number. Tlio Government, ia Ootobor, ICaG, and again in 1G57 and 1058, enacted spocial laws for tho suppression of •tlioso herotics, and tho over-zealous Puritans wore only too eager to enforco them. With that samo spirit of unreasoning exaction and ruthless oppression which thoy had condemned in tho clergy of tho mother country, thoy ▼isitod nil sort3 of judgments upon the twhappy IMcnds. Finos wore imposed contin ually, whipping was a oomtnon punishment, and soverallost an ear as a penalty for nonconformity to tho laws. Lit us tako a peep at a little Puritan village lying just outsido Boston, as it basks in tho genial sun of an October afternoon. A few houses of board, and many of unhewn logs strngglo up a low, gently-sloping hill. Hero and thero a rudoly-built chimney testfied to tlio advanced ideas of somo farmor ; but most of tho commnnity hold tenaciously to an ancient projudico against thorn/ affirming that ' smoko improves their health, and hardons ho timbers of their houses.' Beforo somo of tho houses wore plats of astor and sunflowors, joyously drinking in tho warm sunshine, wiiioh had grown mellow and rich, like old vrino, after tlio long, fierce sioge of summor. Clumps or golden-rod dot tho undulating meadow lauds and dusty roadsides like tongues of yollow flame. Apple orchards hung with glowing ripe fruit, now and then break tho eileneo by dropping a plump pippin or russet into tho grass. Only tho men and oxen, labouring in tho distant fields, disturb the hushed tranquility of the sceou. All elso speaks of placid repose and happiness. On tho outskirts of tho littlo sottlomont, nestling against a grove of pines, stands a log house,unevonly fashioned and rudely finished, the least protcutious in the neighborhood. A poor apology for a homo would it be, iudoed, wcro it not for tho clambering Tinos whioh have twined themselves around tho unhown pillars of tho porch and olung and sproad themselves abroad over tho roof. Tho swcot-jmelling applo orchard and tho ; well-tended toed of herbs, of tho sorts in v.-.. which our great-grandmothers delighted, givo tho place a homo-like aspect, and a hod ,:/> of nasturtiums blazo with orange and rod close to tho door. As we look a, girl of porliaps twenty emerges from tho door and stands for a moment looking down tho road, with hor hand shading her oj'os. Sho is dressed with tho utmost simplicity, in tho garb of tho Quakers,but hor plain gray gown, dostituto of cither urapory or adornment, reveals tho contour of a slender and graceful figura, whilo tlio coarso but snowy kerchief crossed over her bosom serves to docpen the dclicato lint of her lips and cheeks. But it is not tlieso charms, nor tho soft gray oyes, nor the waving golden hair that makes Deliverance Sothwicko beautiful. Her beauty is rather spiritual. Tho swoet po'&co; of a pure spirit shines from hor eyes, and light up hor features with that holy joy which onhauces their natural beauty. Hor face is ono which might fit into somo rare old painting of the saints, with a martyr's crown resting upon, the brow ; for tho strength, and beauty of hor character hare eomo through Buffering, and hardship, and deprivation and sho has come out of tho fire liko gold tried in tho smelter's furnaoo. As sho still looks down tho road a quick carmioo flashes into her cheeks, and sho hastily turns about and busies hor hands with tho clambering vino, pluckihg the leavos with a tense, nervous gra.'p which crushes them in her fingers. Sho feigns abstraction until a deep manly voico bids her look around. Christopher I^urdcn, tho young Puritan, stands at tlio stops of tho porch waiting for an invitation to cuter. His broad-brimmed hat shades a stem, though hot unkindly face. Tlio expression whioh now gives it strength and oharacter might, under favorablo conditions, stiffen into austerity. It is tho shadow of that obstinato persistence which led his father, forty years beforo, to embark in tho Mayflower with that dauntlesss handful of men who sot sail for a land full of unknown dangers. His wide capo, with its broad, rolling collar, is thrown carelessly oror his strong shoulders nnd hangs nearly to his knees, rolioving tho somewhat ungraceful effect of the looso knoo-breeolics._ His brown stockings aro fmo and well fitting, and tho buckles to his shoes aro as largo and highly polished as his exacting conscience will permit. < Como in, friend Christopher,' gaid Deliverance, with a pretty sivnljUcity ° nwtmcr which accorded charmingly with her plain dross and rustio surroundings. Theo looks ^^Thanks. Thocoolncss of thoporoh tompts my tired limbs, and it would please mo much to talk with you. Hold, do not trouble to get a chair for mo ; this shndy step is a luxurious rcsting-placo for a weary man. Ho sat down on the stop. The girl remained standing, regarding lnmf sh y l y'but wistfully, as ho fanned himself ftbsontly with his hat and gazed out over tlio land^^Havo thy wrestlings at last theo of the error of thy ways, friend Chr»tophor P she askod at length ; and hast thou como to tell mo tho good news r ' No,' said Christopher, wiping lus brow with a perplexed and uneasy gesturo. -My heart still clings to tho religion of myfathcr, but I yet miss somothmg m it wlncli yon seem to possess.1 « * Ah.1 oxolaimod Deliverance, eagerly, ' fchou:hnst adopted tholotterof and so hath miasod tho light which ^"joth for nil men. Hast thou not read in John s Gospel how that light shono in the dnrknew and tho darkness comprohonded it not , ana how that was the truo light that l'&htc;"0^ every man that comoth unto tho world ? Only let it shino on thy doubt, and thy doubt will Ttt°But I cannot boliove In a roligion which • denies tlio holy symbols and ordinances which God has enjoined upon us. It is thoro that I cannot find, it in my heart to accept thy V1°'Nay, thou host not heard rightly of our doctrinos, perchance. Wo only deny tho outward forms which wero not necossary after tho coming of our Lord. Thou wilt find our dootrino manifested in tho holy word whoro John tho Baptist spake ; ' I baptize you with water, but thoro cometh one aftor mo who shall babtizo you with the Holy Ghost, and w'th fire.' Verily thero can be no saving grace in outward ceremonies ; it is tlio lotter which killeth and tho spirit which quickeneth.' , ., < Surely theso aro knotty (piestions, _ saw Christopher, fain to be* convinced by this fair and earnest advocate, but unablo oasily to shako liimsolf looso from tho orood in which ho had boon reared. ' The inner grace is fanned to a flamo by means of tho outward symbols. Wo must have something bosido an inner passion to livo by. What would bocomo of our country and its laws if strong mon did not onforco outward as well as inward obedionces to them ? Wo need tlio letter of tho, < Yea, friend,' replied Deliverance, her thoughts turnod in a now direction j ' but what dost thou think of a government that upholds tlio soiling of innocent children to pay a dobt ? Suroly tlioo romomborost littlo Daniel and Provided Sothwicko, who so narrowly escaped being sold to slavery in Barbadoos last year. Such a government oannot prosper.' «It is truo,' said Christopher, ' that our "•overnmont is earthly and for that reason faulty ; but wo must bear in mind thnt a government is for tho mass. It may render justioo in tho aggregate and yet Bomotimes trespass on individual right3. Such failings wo must wink at if j ustioo bo at tho bottom,' ' Nay, but tho Lord will not wink at injustice and oruolty, wherever porpotratcd,' persisted Doliveranoo, her color deepening with her increasing earnestness. Beside, this government that theo upholdest is inconsistent with itself. Dost thou not remember that clause of tlio charter in which it is provided that all in tho plantation shall equal juatico and law ? Dost thou think that tho government has regarded tho cliarfcor when it has persecuted tho saints and ohildren of tho Lord ?' ' Tho govornment only protects tho Lord's fold against the ravonoua wolves that seek to dovour it,' replied Clhristophor. ' Think you that old Darno Jones' malignant touoli and powor of bringing down cursos on her followmon came from tho Lord ? She was but a handmaid of Satan, and dosorved to forfeit her lifo for her blasphomles.' ' Nay,' answeredDolivoranoo, softly ; ' eho wae verily a martyr, and was led by tho spirit of tho Lord, and so denied tho works of tho devil. Should tho Lord call mo I will follow iu lier footstops and soal my testimony with my blood.' She roso in the rapture of her onthusiasm and stood looking otf at tho purple hills which loomed hazy and unsubstantial in tho distanco. Her pure upturned face looked liko that of a saint in tho soft shade of a leafy porch, and ono could almost fancy that a tender auroolo lighted up hor sunny head. Christophor let his troubled gazo rest on her almost translated boauty and uneonsoiously tho doep lines of thought which furrowed his amplo forehoad smoothed themselves out. Ho roso slowly and Btood very close to her, with one hand resting lightly on hor sleeve. 1 Como, Deliroranco,'ho said, 'bomy saint and my life, androvealtlio truth, whatever it may bo. through tlio transparency of your purity and holiness.' A loolt of doep pain swopt over tho girl's brow. She drew away from him and bogan to pluck at the vino aimlessly. «It cannot bo, friend Christopher. I liavo told theo many times that it cannot bo. It is not meet to bo yoked unequally.' ' But suroly you oannot do such a wrong as to let a fellow-creaturo fall for lack of sympsthy !' ho cried ; and thoro was » great passion in his voico. ' I—I shall go mad if you ■will not listen to mo.' ' • Nay, but that is no salvation which comes from a mere frail mortal. Hat will not savo theo in tho last great day. Only tako heed to that heavonly light, tho Son, within theo, and kiss him boforo his wrath bo kindled aaainst theo ; for verily tho night comoth whon you shall fall to your own master. Tho night was darkoning down upon thorn fast. Ono quivering red beam shot thv&ugli; tho thick leaves and restod for a moment on Deliverance'B pure fnco ; then tho sun sank leaving a stretch of golden sky -which cast a soft glow over tho tops of tho hills. Tho advancing twilight Iont forco to tho figuro that Deliverance had used. Christopher Burden shivered involuntarily, and drew his capo around him ; then with a hasty farewell ho stride off down tho darkening road. DelivoraticQ watched him uutil ho Iind disappeared and then went slowly in to prepare tho simplo evening meal of ryo pudding and milk for tho tired fatlior and brotlior who worko:l all day in tho fields. She was silont during tea, and supplied the wants of tlio hungry men with a prcoccupiod air. 