THE LIBYAN AN IDYL OP THE PRIMITIVE CHUROH. BOOK II. Chapter IX.—"I Have No Superior but Christ." When the council met one morning, Atha nasius produced and laughingly read a Bong, or hymn, which had been written and set to music by the Libyan, for the use of uneducated Christians at Alexandria, in order to enable them to memorise and keep in mind the doctrines of Christianity as he had understood them. This song was part of a little book entitled "Thalia,"or "Songs of Joy," which the preBbyter had written for sailors and others who had no certain means of attending regular religious services, and in it occurred the fol lowing expressions:—"God was not always Father; once He was not Father; afterward he became Father; and his only-begotten is JeBUs Christ our Lord." And thereupon Marcellus, Bishop of Ancyra, moved the council to declare that this senti ment was heretical; and that the man who wrote it should be expelled from the Church of Christ; and AriuB and his friends perceived that the struggle for the destruction of the presbyter had begun. For a while the council hall was filled with clamorous and bitter denun ciations of AriuB: "The heretic!" "The atheist!" " The defamer of Christ!" " The polytheist!" "The pagan!" "The Libyan serpent!" "The rain of Baucalis!" and almost every other term of reproach which the voca bulary of eccleBiasticism could furniBb, were shouted throughout the hall by the partisans of ConBtantine. Finally, the clamor seemed to wear itself out, and order having been partially restored, Potammon of Hierapolis, a confessor whom the pagans had left blind and lame, straightened up himself, and with great awkwardness and earnestness cried out: " Brethren, I was reared np in Central Africa, and know nothing of philosophy, but do try to serve the Lord, and to avoid all heresy and false doctrine. I have often sung this song, not knowing it was heresy, with my people! What is there wrong about the song, then ? Do any of you deny that Jesus Christ is the only-begotten Son of God? or that he ia our Lord and Saviour? or will some of you now pretend to believe that the Son is older than the Father ? What is wrong about the song ?" To the same effect spoke many of the friends of Arius; and Maris of Chalcedon said:— "The Gospels uniformly call Jesus Christ the only-begott6n Son of the Father, and I have never believed it necessary or proper to go any further than the simple, direct scriptural statement Finally, Eusebius of Nicomedia obtained a hearing, and, speaking calmly and soothingly, he Baid:—" Brethren, the song which ye have heard read seems to be merely a metrical com position formed to aid the memory of those who were unable to read and write, and those who bad no copy of the Scriptures, in keeping in mind certain scriptural phrases and doc trines; and I could not be led to suspect a great and pious preBbyter of heresy upon such a cause as that. Let us proceed, then, decently and in order; and if ye would know trnly what Arius hath taught as religion, call upon him to declare what he hath so taught. This seemeth to me to be the only fair and honorable course, worthy of a Christian assembly, if anyone think there is cause to suppose that he hath taught anything contrary to Scripture." This reasonable counsel at once prevailed with the greater number, and bjr a large vote they requested AriuB to declare his teachings. Thereupon the old heretic arose, and in Mb strange, peculiar, fascinating tone and manner Epoke as follows" Brethren, I have never taught anytMng concerning our Lord as re ligion, except that wMch is expressly laid down in the Scriptures; to wit, that Jesus is the only-begotten Son of God, the Saviour of the world, I do not know anything, and have never taught as articles of faith necessary to be believed, anything except what is thus expressly and definitively Btated in the Gospels. Of course, like every man who thinks at all, I have meditated often and earnestly about the philosophy of the facts stated, and have formed in my own mind certain specula tions in relation thereto .which are satisfactory to mine own understanding, and I have not hesitated to declare these opinions in all proper times and places; but I have never said, at any time or place, that these merely pMloaophical speculations upon the nature of Deity were binding upon any man's conscience, or that they should be taught aud believed as the rule of any man's faith and practice; be cause they have not been revealed or declared, as such by the word of God. If any man allege that I have done otherwise let him make the charge in writing and produce the proof, as. was the custom at every Christian council in such cases that hath ever been held upon the motion of the bishops authorised to call a council, as at Jerusalem, Antioch, Home, in PontuB, Gaul, Mesopotamia, and Epheaus." The presbyter said no more, but quietly re sumed his seat, and the calm, grave, and reasonable manner in which he had met and disposed of the vociferations wMch had as sailed him, in the opinion of nearly all, left no course to be pursued with decency except to present written charges against him, and offer proofs thereof, But such a course did not by any means suit the pur poses of those who were resolved upon his ruin; and Atbanasius, who at all times was able to command a respectful hearing at the hands of the assembly, without Beeming to notice the challenge thrown down by the Libyan, said m his own winning and seemingly respect ful way — " Hast thou not publicly and customarily, in thy Baucalis church, in Alexandria, preached things that were con trary to the views of the Bishop Alexander contrary to his interpretation of the scriptures, for which he did order that thou be suspended from thy ministry; and didBt not thou per tinaciously refuse to obey his episcopal order, and obstinately persevere in proclaiming thine abominable heresies? Wilt thou now deny this ?" Then with an effort to preserve his self control that sent a Btrange shiver creeping over his gaunt and mighty frame, the presbyter made answer—"It appearetb, brethren, that thiB gifted youth hath been taught to believe that it is heresy to differ in opinion with the learned and pious brother, Alexander ! It iB very true tnat I and my brother Alexander have somewhat differed in opinion, but I am not advised that he hath any more authority to dictate my opinions than have I to dictate his; and I am very certain that, wherein the bishop hath differed with me, he is in error." But Constantino cried out, " Answer thou whether thou haBt preached in Bpifce of the order of suspension made against thee by thy superior?" And the old heretic arose again, and answered—"I had supposed that the answer already made would be sufficient for any • bishop, but being commanded by an onbaptized emperor to answer yet further, I have to say that I have no ' superior' but Christ; as for the order of brother Alexander 'suspend ing' me from the exercise of the fauo ticne of a presbyter, all the clergy here assembled well know that it ia -void. The da7 hath not jet come when any one brother in the Church can 'suspend' another, I suppose that, under the legal religion which is to replace the gospel of ChriBt, a bishop will have some such authority over a! presbyter as a legionary hath over'a centurion, or a centurion over a soldier, but we have not quite reached that condition, As to the differences of opinion between myself and the brother Alexander and others, I will simply state that our good city of Alexandria hath a population marvellously intellectual, and greatly addicted to the study of philo sophy. Hence it hath happened that many of the brethren, and some even of the bishops and presbyters, have added, uncon sciously perhaps, to their faith in the facts set forth in the Gospels certain philosophical no tions intended for the explanation of these facts, which notions they have derived from many teachers—chiefly from the great heathen Plato, and from his followers, the neo-Pla toniets, and from the school of Fhilo the Eejptian, The learned and pious Bishop Alexander derived from such Bource (I know not what) certain philosophical views which seemed to deny utterly the separate existence of the Son of God; and which Bavored strongly of the heresy of Sabellius that had been con demned by more than one Christian council, and which did tend directly to the subversion of the primitive Christian communities, and to the overthrow of 'the kingdom of heaven' which JesuB did ordain, and to the substitution therefore of some such ecclesiastical system as I am told the emperor bath established in tha Western Empire, in which the emperor, not Christ, is bead of the Ohurch, and in which the law prescribes what a man may believe or not believe (juBt as the pagan laws have always done), instead of the Scriptures. So long as brother Alexander held these erroneous opinion b privately, I meddled not with them, but when he afterward saw proper to come and preach these heresies to mine own congre gation I guarded my community against this pernicious philosophy; for the Gospels and the Acts furnish the only authority concern ing Christ and faith in Him, .and not the opinions" of Sabellius, Alexander, Hobius, or Constantine, As for mine own philo sophical opinions concerning Deity, I never learned them of Plato, nor of Philo, nor of Sabellius, but as the most wise and pious Am nem-hat, who was for many years high prieBt pf the pagan temple at Ombos, holding there the same position which the Emperor Constan tine as Pontifex Maximus hath so long held at Rome; but Am-nem-hab was afterward a glorious Christian and a holy martyr at our city of Alexandria, aB many of you know. But no man hath ever heard me claim that these philosophical opinions constituted any rule of faith or practice, or were binding upon any man's conscience, although I doubt not that the theological opinions of a most ancient and learned Egyptian high priest are entitled to as much respect aB those of the flamen of Jupiter, at Rome, who is now the Emperor Constan tine." And again the old heretic resumed his seat, having created a strong impression in his favor in the minds of all who were not committed to the task of destroying him, although many of them trembled for his safety on hearing his bold and ingenious assault upon the emperor. But Marcellus, Bishop of Ancyra, sprang to his feet, and in loud and threatening tones cried out: 15 Oh thou moBt insolent and abusive heretic, darest thou to call- the moBt Christian emperor a pagan!" But Maris, Bishop of Chalcedon, stretched forth his hand and answered: " The presbyter Arius hath said that the great emperor i3 yet unbaptised, ar.d that he is, by the law of the Roman Empire, Pontifex Maximus, and flamen of Jupiter! I understand that all this is true; and, if it be not true, no man will more rejoice than I would to hear the emperor now declare that he hath been baptized into the faith of Christ, and that he iB no longer high-priest of pagan Rome." The bishop sat down, and every eye wa9 at once turned upon Constantine. But the em peror neither spake nor moved, and almost im mediately his partisans began to cry out that Arius should declare to the council what were those philosophical opinions to which he re ferred, which thing they did to cover up the failure of the emperor to respond to Maris the biBhop; and the friendB of the Libyan joined in the same cry, because they did believe that the philosophy of Arius would be found to be correct, and not heretical, And thereupon, being pressed upon all sides at once, the pres byter again arose and spoke in the following manner:—"I suppose, brethren, that there hath never been any difficulty in the mind of any Christian as to the simple declarations of the gospel concerning our Lord; and that the faith of all Christians in the divinity of our common Saviour is founded upon the gospel narrative. The difficulties arise only when the mind passes on beyond the plain teachings of the gospel, and attempts to comprehend how these thingB may be. and to formulate for itself some creed upon the nature of the Deity. In this regard there have been main tained three great philosophical opinions, as ye do know, which may be very briefly stated as follows: "1, That the Son of God must be a depen dent and spontaneous being, created from nothing by the will of the Father, by whom also all thingB were made. " 2. That the Son possessed all of the in herent, incommunicable perfections which religion and philosophy appropriate to the supreme God. So that there are in the God head three distinct and infinite minds or sub stances, three co equal and co-eternal beings, composing the divine essence, three indepen dent Deities as to whom an effort is made to preserve the unity of the first cause by assum ing the perpetual concord of their administra tion, the essential agreement of their will; and this I understand to be the philosophy of HoBius, Alexander, the emperor, and others for whom AthanaBius is spokesman, "3. Three beings who, by the self-derived neceBBity of their existence, possess divine at tributes in perfect degree, who are eternal in duration, infinite in space, intimately present to each other and to the universe; and are yet one and the same being, manifesting him self in different forms, and considered in different aspects, so that the' Trinity hecome3 a trinity of names and abstract manifestations existing only in the mind; they are not persons at all, hut only attributes, "This is the heresy of Sabellius, which Christian councils have condemned. It dif fereth from AthanasiuB in degree, but not, I think, in kind. " Not one of theBe three opinions satisfieth my mind and heart. The martyr Am- nem-hat taught me when I was a boy that the original faith, which long ages ago preceded the poly theism of Egypt, Assyria, India, China, Greece, Rome, and all other heathen nations, uniformly represented th9 one God to be a dual, spiritual being, and that the Divine nature muBt be a Triad, or Trinity, com pleted by the birth of a son of this double-natured spiritual God. In the Gospels I read that Christ is 'the only begotten Son of God': a father begets. He was • con ceived' of the Holy Ghost: a mother conceives. He was ' born' of a virgin, and for our salva tion did live among men. The same holy martyr called my attention to the fact, which I have since carefully verified, that while the Scriptures in no place apply the word 'mother' to the Holy Ghost, the words ' Holy Ghost' are used in them 212 times, and were uniformly in the Greek neuter gender, which affirmeth nothing as to sex. He also showed me that MoseB called the one God by a name which is the plural number of a Hebrew noun. It hath, therefore, appeared to me to be true that, as far as anything concerning Deity can he ex pressed in human language, the sacred use of the words 'Father,' 'Son,' 'Holy Ghost,' ' begotten,'' conceived,' were intended to con vey to our minds the idea that in some spiritual sense of sexhood the nature of Deity is that in the likeness and image whereof man was created; and signify a divine family, so far as earthly things can typify spiritual truth. Hence, as I did set forth in my letter to Eusebius of Nicomedia, and to Alexander of Alexandria, as the Church knoweth, I have always taught that the Son is not unoriginate, nor part of the unoriginate. nor made of things previously existing; but that by the will and purpose of God he was in being before time, perfectly divine, the only begotten; that before his generation he was not; that we be lieve in one God alone without birth, alone everlasting, alone unoriginate. We believe that God gave birth to the only begotten Son, before eternal periods, making the divine family a Triad, through whom he made these periods and all else that was made; that he gave birth to the Son, not in Eemblance, not in idea, bub in truth giving unto Him a real existence; and we have refused to profess faith in the teach ings of Bishop Alexander, that 'as God is eternal, so is his Son;' 'where the Father, there the Son;' 'the Son is present in God without birth;' 'ever-begotten;' 'an Eternal God, an Eternal Son;' 'the Son is your God himself.' "But I have never taught this philosophy a3 an article of faith, binding upon the conscience of believers; and have required of them to profess faith in nothing except what the gospels declare." (To he cont invxd.) The attendances at the Exhibition Skating Rink on Tuesday were unaffected by the heat of the weather, there being a good number of skaters present at each session. In the evening all the doors and other outlets were thrown open, and this caused a pleasant draught to pervade the building. The management are untiling in their effortB to provide ammement for patrons of the rink. To night a menagerie race will be held. The entrants comprise a varied assortment of animals, including an opossum, a sucking pig, and as several of them have been trained during the last week a good deal of merriment will no doubt result, Invi tations for the fancy dreee skating party to be held on Monday evening are being ispned at the office. 