STRIKING OMISSION OF CREEDS LITURGIES, AND CANONS, FROM . THE NEW TESTAMENT. V: Br Auciin is hop Whately, D.D. We are from childhood so familiar with that collection of books which we call the Bible, that few Christians probably have ever thought of considering whether these books are (in respect, that is, not of their matter, but of the general purpose of each) precisely such as we should have antecedently expected ; and whether they are all that we should have expected to find transmitted to us, suDnosine we now heard for the first time of the Christian revelation, and of a collection of writings in which it is recorded. - But for this familiarity, every one would, be struck with the circumstance, as something very remarkable, that these writings contain neither Catechism,- Creed nor Rubric, nor any thing answering the purpose of any of these. And the more we reflect on the subject, viewing not merely the abstract probabilities of the case, but also what has actually occured in respect of other religions, the more strongly we shall feel, that the first founders of a religion might naturally have been expected to have transmitted to posterity, some' more or less systematic compositions, such as we have been speaking of. For if we look, for instance, to 'the Koran, we find Mahomet, in the midst of much extraneous matter fitted only to gratify the appetite for the marvellous, inserting however, besides a precise des cription of the Mahometan faith, minute directions concernig fasts, prayers, ab lutions, the amount of alms, and all other points of the Mussulman's service of God. The same is represented - to be the char acter of the Hindoo Shaster, and other Pagan books professing to contain a divine revelation of any system of religion. And that there is nothing iu the Chris tian religion considered in itself, that stands iu the way of such a procedure, is plain from the number of works of this description which have appeared from the earliest times, (after the age of inspiration) down to the present ; — from the writings entitled the " Apostles' Creed," and the "Apostolical Constitutions," &c.; (com positions of uncertain authors, and amidst the variety of opinions respecting them, never regarded as Scripture) down to the modern Formularies and Confessions of Faith, Nor again can it be said that there was anything in the Founders of the religion, any more than in the religion itself, which, humanly speaking, should seem likely to preclude them from transmitting to us such compositions. On the contrary, the Apostles, and the rest of the earlier preachers ol Christianity,, were brought up Jews ; accustomed, in their earliest notions of religion, to refer to the Books' of the Law, as containing precise state ments of their Belief, and most minute directions as to religious worship and ceremonies. So that to give complete and: regular instructions as to the character and the requisitions of the new religion, as it would have been natural for any one, was more especially to be expected of these men. Dr. Hawkins, in his excellent little work on " Tradition," (which deserves to be much better known than it is,) has clearly pointed out the fact, that the New Testament does not contain an elementary introduction to the Christian-religion, or a compendium of Christian doctrines :- — " Why," says he,"are many of the Christian' doctrines so indirectly taught in the Scrip tures ? — -is a question sometimes put, not merely by those who doubt or disbelieve the doctrines, but by very sincere believers, by those even who have ascertained their truth1 with abundant learning and ability. Why, they ask, are many of the most im portant articles of faith rather implied than taught ? why have we to learn 'them in great measure from incidental notices of books written upon particular occasions, controversies, or heresies, many of them long since passed away, whilst some men have erred through ignorance of these particulars, add some have been at times perplexed, although they have embraced thetruth, and some have missed altogether that faith in which all are most concerned to live? why this difficulty, they ask, when more direct and systematic state ments of the main points of faith might have been, with equal ease, delivered, by the same authority, and would of course, from believers, have met with implicit veneration?" Some persons, he goes on to observe, may have failed to notice this indirect and unsystematic character of the instruction which the New Testament affords, from their having themselves received from other sources, a more regular instruction in Scripture doctrines : Throughly con vinced by the authority of Scripture, they may not have attended strictly to the pro cess by which their own conviction of the truth of the Christian doctrines has been established; although resting them en tirely upon Scriptural authority, they may not have first collected them solely and immediately from the Scriptures. Hence they may not have observed, that ' the various proofs of a given doctrine ' have been accumulated perhaps from the parts of the sacred volume, the most uncon nected. apparently with each other ; that one text, occasionally, of the greatest im portance towards their conviction, had no force at all in that respect until compared with another, and that perhaps with a third, each separately incapable of bearing upon the point in question, but all to gether, composing an indissoluble argur ment, of so much ; the more force indeed, as it precludes the possibility of forgery and interpolation. In this manner im portant' doctrines often receive strong confirmation from collations of texts in the New Testament with corresponding passages in the Jewish Scriptures: for example, the glory of Christ spoken by St. John, (xii. 41.) and the dignity of the Holy Ghost according to the words of St. Paul, (Acts xxviii. 25.) are signally illustrated by referring to the passage in the prophecies of Isaiah, (Is. vi. 1 — 10.) to which both the apostles allude. Again, in proof of a single doctrine we are accustomed to combine the declaration 'of John the Baptist concerning Christ " he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost," as recorded by the three first Evangelists, (Matt; iii. 11. Mark i. 8. Luke iii 6.) with our Lord's assertion in St. John's Gospel, " Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God," (John -iii. 5.) and with the expression of Paul to Titus, God has "saved us by the washing- of regeneration and renewing of the /Holy- Ghost," (Tit. iii. 15.) Another -instance to complex proof of doctrines might be the comparison of the following texts : " All Scripture," says St. Paul to Timothy, " is given by inspiration of God," (2 Tim. iii. 15, 16.) and is "able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus " — " of which salvation," says St. Peter, (1. Pet. : i. 10.) " the prophets have inquired and searched diligently— searching what or what man ner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did Bignify— unto whom it was revealed, that unto us they, did minister the things which are now repor ted unto you by them that have preached tee Gospel unto you, with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven :" and in this the Apostle confirms the promises in St. John's Gospel, (John xiv. 26. xvi. 13. xv, 26.) whilst in other -Epistle he declares the inspiration of the old ' prophets also to have proceeded '-from the Holy Ghost; " For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man : but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." (2 Pet, i. ,21.) '1 It is only in combination with' each other that these passages throw' light upon the inspiration of both the Old and the New Testaments by the same supreme Being, and attest at the same time- the unity of the three Persons in the Divine nature. It is obvious that' those who are more accustomed to the -language ot the unin spired advocates for the Christian doctrines, than to the study of the Scriptures them selves, may not' have observed the com- ple»x structure of the very proofs by which their faith was chiefly established. From the same cause, they may often suppose particular doctrines to be directly asserted in texts, yvhich in fact only imply and assume them;; because the commen tators, with perfect propriety, so far as the truth arid soundness of their argument is concerned,- but incorrectly with respect to the form of the original words, quote as direct declarations, of the doctrine, the passages which indirectly indicate the sacred writer's belief of it. In this mafi- seclie fifth chapter of St. Paul's, Epistle to the Romans is frequently appealed to, with respect to the doctrine of original sin ; and yet throughout the chapter the consequences of Adam's transgression are not taught, but rather assumed by the Apostle as already known to his readers, in order to argue from them to the corresponding extent of the gracious con sequences of Christ's atonement. Dr. Hawkins has not only clearly set forth the fact ofthis omission of systematic instruction in our Scriptures, but has accounted for it most easily and satis factorily, as far as regards the existing boohs ; that is, he has pointed out that the Gospels the Book of Acts, and the Apostolic Epistles being all of them written to Christians, — all , designed for such as had already received instruction in the rudiments of the Christian faith, and had then embraced it, and after due examination, had been admitted members of the Church, it could not be expected that books addressed to such readers should contain any regular elementary instruction, or compendious Confession of Faith. But all this does not at all explain (nor did 'it come within Dr. H.'s design to explain) why, besides these, there should not have been other books also transmitted to us, which should have supplied the deficiency. It was indeed not at all to be expected that the Gospels, the Acts, and those Epistles which have come' down to us, should have been, considering the circumstances in which they were written, any thing different from what they are : but the question still recurs, why should not the Apostles or their followers have also committed to paper; what we are sure must have been perpetually in their mouths, regular in struction to catechumens, Articles of Faith, Prayers, and directions as to Pub lic Worship, and administration of the Sacraments ? (To be continued.) St. Mary's Dripping.— In on e small' family circle; the "Catholic" cook, Irish of course, every week drops into the dripping basin one pound of bntter, price -Is. 6d., six pounds of rashers of bacon at Is. 3d. lb, iu addition to all the fat and snet that can be roasted, out of the meat. Extreme unction from her father confesaor will easily remove the slight stain , of theft, because the end justifies the means. . Financially happy is the Church whose cathedral is bnilt of dripping. Eternally happy the soul who can pay for salvation by selling dripping — or rather who goesdripping wet; through Purgatorial fire; C&neral; Synod.— A General Synod of the Anglican Church is an expression on the lips of many persons. What does it mean?. The constitution of a true Synod requires an equal representation of the three fold order of overseers, ministers and laity, in other .words bishops, clergy and laity. The deliberations of such a body will be of authority, not in any way in interfering with the teaching. and commands of God's Holy Word, but of regulating, the ceremonies and regulations of the Church of England, as long as they, are in accordance with the Soriptures. In England, at present, Parliament represents the laity, with the bishopB sitting as peers of the realm ; but when the present connection between Chnrch and State in England is severed, a Synod will be required to govern the Church. ,, ScllOOlS Of XhOUght.— Various are the names given to the different parties comprised within the pale of the Chnrch of England. We know of "schools of thought" termed Low Chnrch or Platitntinarian, Broad Church or Latitndinarian, and of Eye Chnrch or Attitudinarian. Tractarian, Puseyite, and Bitnolisl, refer to three phases of the great (Roman) Catholic anti-Protestant revolt ; first when the Oxford Tracts were published, next when Dr. Pusey headed the movement, and now, when ornate ritual, symbolical of error, is so lawlessly introdnced. High or Eye Chnrch worships Christ dead on an altar below ; Low Church adores Christ enthroned on high ; and Broad Church sees truth in ail error and nothing bnt error in the truth. .Party 'Warfare. — Talking against time, with a view of trying the patience of members of Synod, and of causing many to lose their trains and trams, is a method of warfare not to be commended in a Church ABBembly at the opening of which prayer was made to God for guidance and blessing. Such tactics ehonid meet with the disapprobation they so richly deserve, and the Rev. 0. F. GarnBey would do well to remember that the Church Parliament should set a good example to that of the State. There are grounds to believe that another prominent member of the clerical party came prepared to block by a " vote by orders " the third reading of the new Ordinance, so as to render the work of the late special seebion of Synod useless. A list of names of the requisite number neces> sary to demand such a vote by orders was duly prepared beforehand and kept all ready- signed in his pocket. . An Election of Synod. — The importance oi electing gocd Protestant lay representatives to the Church of England Synod of this Diocese and of all other syncds cannot be too strongly urged, and no effort Bhould be left unturned to make the new Synod as Protestant ob that which has expired by effluxion' of time. First and .'forenioBt of its duties daring the new year would' be' the election of, a. new Bishop, of Sydney, and Primate of Australia ; then the important question of a new Obnrob Act will have to be considered besides the general welfare of the . Gburoh'of England in the mother Diocese of Australia. Again we say, to Protestant members of the. leading .'denomination, do not neglect your duty to roll np and elect men «ho are true to their Christian' faith of the Church' of the Apostles1 and Century One. There is no donbt that the ritualistic faction will strain every nerve to make another step towards Roman error ; to , send to Sydney as many1! ritualists as possible, so as to make sure of getting a thorough-going sacefdotalist for the next Bishop of Sydney and Primateof Australia. The extent of snob an evil, with the army of, accompanying ritualistic clergy which would be imported to carry on the ritualistic attack, and take the places of Proteptant clergy would be felt more or less by all the Protestant denominations; but of conrse especially by the distracted Church of England. Protestants of that ohnrch should be oareful not to let the advanced poBt of Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia, . fall into the hands of the ritualistic faction, by their own default. They are strong enough to insist on having a Protestant Bishop, to send entirely Protestant members to represent them in the governing body of their church, and if they negleot their plain duty, to doing so commit a grievous sin of omission. With the ritualistic heresy so rampant, insidi ously endeavouring to destroy the Protestant ism of the Church of England, it behoves the trne Protestant members of that chnroh in every diocese to bestir themselves, and take an interest in the election of representatives to Synod. If they do not the ritualists will, and a host, of evils will follow when by: Protestants own default the rits have secured all the positions of power and profit and1 influence. If they succeed the sin will ' be required at the door of each man who neglec ted his plain dnty before God, and by a sin of omission, helped the ritualistic romanising heresy. " The best way of inspiring: a love for Holy Scripture" has been ,the subject . of discussion at a recent Conference of Roman Catholio divines in London.. The London Echo comments to this effeot : — " John Tyndale tried to do that little more than 300 years ago, by translating and circulating, the book ; and ire was burnt for the offence. Yes, the (R.) Catholic Chnroh moves after all." The subject of dis cussion was an extraordinary one for divines of the Roman Catholic Chnrch, which has always carefully kept the Divine Word from the hands of her faithful. In the nunneries, where, under' absolute control of the Ohnrch, women are immnred, and are supposed to de vote themselves to a religions life under in fallible guidance, bibles are not to be fonnd. Recently the Pope suppressed the translation of the bible into French, issued by M; Laserre. There is no bible hall in all the wide sphere under the influence of the papal chnrch, ex cept one in Sydney, and that is an exception that testifies to Roman dread of the Word of God. That R.C. Bible Hall, aitnate in William- street, Woolloomooloo, was the be quest of a wealthy Roman Catholic, doubtless stung by the reproach of the B.C. Ohnrch, which we and others were always upholding, . viz., that she discouraged the study of God's written Word. He desired that a bible hall ehonid be bnilt and exposition of Holy Scripture given therein. What was the reenlt? At first a few were given on carefully selected historical or prophetical passages of the Old Testament ; nothing of the Gospel of Christ, nothing to tonoh on any of the fundamental principles of salvation, the Divine Message, the Gospel of Christ. The few lectures, such as they were, weredelivered by Jesuits and others who were subtle enough to carefully avoid any point on which the B.C. Chnroh differed from the bible and the Reformed Churches. There was little interest taken in encouraging Roman Catholics to go to those lectures, which there seemod to he great nervousness in dealing with. Finally, as soon as conld conveniently be done, the bible lectures were dropped alto gether, and while the name Bible" Hall is still kept np,the hall has nothing to do with the bible. We do not know whether this failure to carry oat the object of the bequest should vitiate that beqnest. At present that hall is used for all sorts of R.O. purposes, meetings of guilds, &c.;, except for the dissemination of bible knowledge for which it was ostensibly erected. Easterly Twisters.— The number of churches whose choirs are under strict orders from their master, the vicar of the church, to face east on all possible occasions, is increasing. To the ritual- eye the mechani cal exactitude of the white-robed choir facing round at the ascription of " Now to God the Father, &c.;," yields a pleasurable sensation only equalled by the delight of a dancing master at witnessing a " Sir Roger de Cover- ley." The action of tho choir is purely doctrinal and can only be undertaken by the express permission of the clergyman. The reason for "facing eaBt" is based upon the mathematical absurdity that the centre of a circle is outside the circumference. Christ says, " Where two or three are gathered to gether there am I in the midst of yon." The symbolic-parson quietly turns this topsy turvy by requiring the choir to show by their " twisting round " that in the midst of the congregation means outside tho chnrch walls into the infinite east. A line drawn from the east of Christ Church, Enmore, woudl, if pro jected round the world, pass through the toe of New Zealand, Robinson CrnBoe Island, River Plate, the Capo of. Good Hope, Perth, Adelaide, and back again through tho west door. Would it noETibe just as sensible to save onr symbolic faith the trouble of going all round the world by facing the west doorv at first, or better still by worshipping the . Almighty in , spirit and in truth ? Holy Scripture says that our bodies are the Temple nf the Holy Ghost. It is God the Holy , Spirit,' that is in the midst of two or three and of the individual Christian as well. _ The theory of a priestly-caste npon which ritnal- . ism bases its nonsensical claims depends upon rigidly confining God the Holy Spirit to a priesthood who received it by transmission, it having been poured in through their heads when the hands of the bishop who ordained them was laid upon their pates. This may be Moore College theology, bnt thanks to the Rev. T. E. Hill's departure we hope to have no more of it for the future. ., Ritualistic view of "Dis senters."— ThoRe v. F. A. Gale, vicar of Great Barling, EsBex, has published a Catechism which it ia said has gone through ten editions, and is for the use of families and Parochial schools. This is the way the Ritnalists teaoh the yonng idea bow to shoot, and it is particularly interesting at the present time when the High Chnroh party in the Newcastle Diocese are lond in denouncing what they call unwarrantable interference on the part of the various Protestant ChurobeB in sympathizing with the Chnroh of England Defence Association. Here is a sample of High Chnrchism taken from the Catechism in question. Question — "In what light ought we to consider Dissenters ?'' Answer—" As Heretics." Q. " Is their worship a laudable service ?" A. No ; their worship is idolatrous." Q. " Is dissent a great sin ?" A." Yes; it is in direct opposition to onr dnty to God." Q.; " Why have not Dissenters been ex communicated ?" A. " Because the law of the land does not allow the wholesome law of the church to be acted on." Q. " Is it wioked to enter a meeting-house ?" A. " Most assuredly.' Q . " Is the word chapel ever mie-applied ?" A. " Frequently ; it ia confounded with the' word meeting-honse." , Comment on the above is needless. It is well that the intolerant view with which the ritualistic Romanising .party regard all who are not of their truly hrre'ioal faction, except the apostate Papal and Greek Ohurohes, shculd be understood by Protestants of all denominations. Among their other Romanisms the ritualistic faction are signalised by intolerance of all who differ from them and the Roman apostasy. Mere Politeness. — Mr. Gladstone, when visiting Naples, intends to visit the Pope. On the English press raising objec tions, he has declared it is only, as a matter of politeness. Was it also as a mere matter of politeness that in 1850 when High Commis sioner Extraordinary of the Qneen of England, to the Ionian Islands, then nnder the protec tion of England, he astonished everyone by bis obsequious homage to the Papal, prelate, and subservient kissing of his hand. As the representative of Protestant England, he thereby degraded hiB country. Ac Corfu, he signalised himself by " visits to ohnrohes (R.C.) genufleotions, adorations, ascetio ecstasies, libations of lustral water, kiBaos of crosses and of hands of the priests, matins, vespers and mass." He was frequently observed assisting among the orthodox Roman Catholics at Papal mass, and humbly kiBBing the hands of the celebrating priests, adoring images, &c.;, — vide pamphlet by Rev. S. G. Potter. " Is Gladstone worthy of the confidence of Englishmen," which may. be obtained at the office for 6J., a penny additional for postage. 