BAENAWAHTHA. (h from ouh corrksp0ndbnt. <Ane write for lovo, aorno write for fame, writo to prove they're fleholars, la Bnt as ny horn in getting figed H I write to rmuulup dollnrM. KhnUollarsall enftroaaing H Somot.lnies I writo to koln a friend H As through thin world ue'a tossiug. 0Sb orioketerB at Barny succeeded admir- H&y; on Saturday lost in securing a glorious f9eat at tho hands of tlio Christnmatown f®B. Now, don't think Barny was licked jauBo it wqs beaten. Nothing of the sort. fe the borso that lost an eye, it was rather misfortune thnn n fault, for had tlio ball (ftd and not havo insisted in dissolving raftnersbip with its intestines the result rapid havo been widely different. Bat, fqwever, thoro is no help for spilt milk ; E3ter luck next time, t&ft; appears that Barny is considered tgEj>e sufficiently important so as to bo hon ned by tbe appearance of a real ghost; iN&o; of your paltry, bogus makeshifts, but jl||eal, live ghaft. Tom It the other iht, taking a short cnt by tho cemetery, jhbiuoward bound (after getting outside of /tlbnt half n gallon of wine) declares bo ('Mi7 a g'gQn monster on tho track moving j fitqwly towanls him with tho clank of chains r;:li«o the skeleton of antedeluvian giastoutus. v(Gl courao he turned and fled, arriving faint t,&nd; limp at tho Bogus Mungi Hotel, when, Jy$jiror Joking three whiskies in half as many pipnutcB,, ho told. his tale, whereupon some mher eight valiant spirits decided to iotor- TMew tho ghost, dead or alivo. So, armed t®ctorna)ly with two Lerringors, a double- j'Mrrellod gun and hay fork, and internally T!i||with a liberal dose of "rale ould Irish," /fiSthoywent en masse and found the ghost to O'B— -'a last purchase in hobbles, M/ifan old neddy very high in bono and low in purchased from some travelling shear <Jers the day before for the noble sum of 2s. K';|fGd. Sold again and got tbe money. /, : The Barnawartha Church .of England r hMchoir are getting on considerable,!! not ia . -'Apiece more. Great oredit is due to the |;-:5||master of ceremonies in securing an organ <!: ;(some say on timo payment, but I dont be fMlieve it), which draws; the musical Jacks "j Rand Jills ad libitum, and of course it natur- ; ally follows that on proaching Sundays they $3have a goodly muster. The parson has no -H/longer to dread the ordeal of holding forth \- v itfito a portly bibed and two juveniles, for he ravels in the luxury ,of haying a con ?'/v;l|grogation at lensb two or three thousahd !®or cent, in advance of. that.. .Tbero is no lhurge for going in, but before yoa get out tffijgthe trouble comes in. Query— Is it the 1 LmuBic or the parson that draws ? 