Spiritualism iu America. (Kapunda Herald's New York corres pondent. ) Mr. Carroll is a successful stationer, and Mrs. Stryker, the spiritual goddess, is not a fool by a long shot. She knows a hawk from a handsaw, and several other things beside. Then she is only thirty, with an eye like a black diamond aud a cheek like a blooming peach. No wonder that Mr. Carroll was magnetised. Mr. Carroll was getting along towards the sixties, and Mrs Carroll was not far behind him, when they lost their only son, a young man aged about twenty j eight, who, petted and pampered and sup- ' plied with plenty of money by foolish parents, had exhausted the world aud its pleasures, and completely used np and blas&, died a few years after he had obtained his majority. Of course the blow was a terrible one to both parents, and under the dreadful strain the mother completely broke down. Mrs. Stryker, whose mental telephone extended into aponkdom, met Mr. Carroll a few days after his bereavement and informed him that she saw the spirit of his boy sitting on the top of h:s head. This so delighted Mr. Carroll that he was not exactly-sure if he was standing on his head or his heels; but he got Mrs Stryker immediately to interview the ghost. She told the father that the young man was enjoying himself hugely in kiugdoin come; that he had bis dogs and his gnns, his horse and hie yacht, and, moreover, a young divinity named Bright Eyes was paying him marked attention; and in short he was getting along as comfortably as any youDg man could be expected to be under the circumstances The bereaved aud doting father was delighted to hear it; be declared that nothing was ton good for " Cliff." From this time out Mr. Carroll appears to hare devoted himself to Mrs. Stryker. Mrs. Stryker removed from her humble apartments in Brooklyn to ele gant quarters in New York ; her house became a marked spiritual centre; seances were held every day and night, and shekels rolled in by the bag-full. Five dollars a pop for communications with the lost husbands or departed wives ; and weeping widows who wanted to know what their future chances were in the matrimonial market, were expected to come down an extra two dollars and a half. A year passed by, and Mrs. Stryker said that " Cliff" (that was the eon) was going to be married to Bright Eyes; this met the old gentleman's ap proval, as lie had discovered himself,' although he was sixty, that it is not good for man to be alone. When Mrs. Carroll found that her hubby was devoting too much attention to Mrs. Stryker, and that while Mrs. Stryker, was cutting round with Lyons silks and three-piled velvet she was having a hard time in Canton flannel and five cent calico. Thereupon Mrs. Carroll got her mind made up and kicked up a lively shindy. She made it exceedingly warm for Carroll, and somewhat lively for Mrs. Stryker, but Carroll was equal to the occasion. The spirits informed him his wife was as crazy as a loon ; he forthwith summoned a couple of physicians and they interviewed the distracted wife, ] and two days after she was dragged out of her house and shut up in the lunatic asylum. Mr. Carroll then moved to Mrs. Stryker's house, and as the wed ding of his son with Bright Eyes approached, he got up magnificent wedding invitations and sent them to all his friends. The house was a bower of flowers, a spiritual clergyman was found , to tie the celestial knot, a couple of empty chairs, wreathed in roses, were supposed to coutain Cliff and Bright Eyes ; all the company passed the chairs bowing to the unseen spooks, and the affair wound up with a magnificent supper—seventy-five gueBts sat down to table, and the spiritual wedding wound up in a blaze of glory. After a time Mrs. Stryker announced that a son had been born to Bright Eyes and Cliff. Mr. Carroll was ready to stand on his head—He was a grandfather; and the priestess announced that the child would be baptized in the middle of the Falls of Niagara. Mr. Carroll hired special train and carried up a hundred spiritual friends to witness the ceremony. Down they went to the Horseshoe Fall; no one but Mrs. Stryker saw the spooks, but she saw them as plain as a pikestaff. Meanwhile poor Mrs. Carroll was fast behind prison bars in a lunatic asylum, and no spooks were trying to help her out, though Mr. Carroll was spending her money like water. Opinions are divided as they were in the case of O'Delia. Some swear that Mrs. Stryker is a true medium, having a double actioned telephonic communication with the other side of Jordan ; and many more equally profound, declare she is fraud of the first water and ought to be sent to the penitentiary. One thing is certain, Mr. Carroll believes in her as firmly as Luther Marsh did in Ann O'Delia Dis Debar. Luther Marsh is not cured yet, and the best thing now to do would be to have the four of them go into partnership. They would make a spirit team that would make Rome howl. 