SOME ONE ELSE. ' (A STORY BY B. M. CHOKER.) CHAPTER XII. THE WRONG MAN. Miles (as wo have already heard) had arrived in England, early in the month of August ; and squandered some timo with his sister at Folkestone ; dawdling up and down the Lees, criticizing the young ladies, watching ',';the arrival of the French boat, looking up friends at Shornelifle camp, and stavins oil' the 'evil day,' as lie called it in his own mind, when ho must present himself at Baronsford, in the ridiculous character of an engaged young man, who. has never set eyes on' his jiancd\ -,-r t-r .(Mrs. Curzon, was a well-jointured widow *?-?- ''(some years older than her brother), and any affection she could conveniently spare from her three idolized boys was bestowed on him. 'Hersons were the delight, torment, and occu pation of her life ; she was given up tb them, soul and body, and was never so happy as '? when she had the three of them at home, even if their visit was due to measles, mumps, or whooping cough — and they seemed to have a fatal facility for catching everything that was going in that way. ' The house is always so clxeery when the boys aro back,' quoth their adoring, and indulgent parent ! Cheery was ~. a mild way of stating tlie case. It was more ' like a private lunatic asylum, in their uncle's ' opinion ; and his ultimate departure for Baronsford was not altogether on account of his sister's eloquent persuasions. Mrs. Curzon was a very tall, stylish-looking woman, with . brilliant white teeth, an infectious laugh, plenty of practical common sense, an unfail ing flow of speech, and inexhaustible supply of energy ! She, like his friend, was quite resolved that Miles should ' take the goods the gods had provided,' and discussed, and argued the matter in a manner that would ' have thrown Mr. Gee himself completely into the shade. ^ ; 'There was no use in postponing the visit,', she declared for the tenth time. ' It looked bo .extremely odd ! it looks as if you did not want t& carry out the engagement,' she ex claimed in tragic accents. _ V' : :ir: ? ' Neither I do,' muttered her brother, with ? ~ -.his elbows on the window-sill, his hat on the \- -back of his heat}, his eyes fixed on the blue, blue sea, and the opposite white- coast. , of [France, and the frequent cigar between his . lips. ? - ' You don't know when you are well off!' 'said . Connie with decision. ' It's not one young man in a thousand, who has your op i portunities ! A pretty girl, and large fortune, for the mere picking up ! You would be mad not to. go to Baronsford, at least to see her. Time is getting on. Time and tide wait for no man !' t. , , In the end, her eloquent counsels prevailed ; ?-.and Miles sat down, and wrote off a letter on the spur of the moment, whilst his sister .... stood over Him dictating the epistle, and an ? unouncing his arrival for the following day. , ! 'Strike while the iron is hot,' .was Mrs. j.'Cufzon's maxim. The resources of Baronsford . ; were large, its hospitality in old days notorious ; ..'. .'so^Miles waited for no reply ; but, turning his back upon the attractions of Folkestone, and . the brilliantly crowded Lees, and gardens, set forth for Thornshire the next afternoon. In — : three hours' time, he found himself on the platform at Byford station, about four miles ...from his destination ; and leaving his portman . ,0lteau to follow, set off across the fields, think ,. ing he would make the old short cut, and it/, meet familiar stiles and pathways. But ten in:ye'ars had worked a change. He rambled *-'? 'about, and lost his way, and nearly an hour ' ' and a-half elapsed before the big red chimneys of the house he sought were to be seen shyly ? peeping through tlie surrounding trees. As ne .watKeci aiong ne nact ueen, very naturally, thinking a good deal of the approaching meet ing, and meditating upon the kind of reception he would receive at the hands of his cousin and co-legatee. ' I shall not shake hands with him, I shall only bow,' she had told her sister (who was fond of speculating on the scene) scores of times. . Would she be stiff? Would she be shy? Would she— oh, horror ! — be gushing 1 Would .she be plain, passable, or pretty 1 (Connie had 'declared that she was lovely ; but then lie never admired her style — all her geese were swans !) ' It is bad enough for me,' reflec tively, 'but it's worse for her in every way, ? , this , solemn meeting — this ordeal of mutual ^inspection.' If it were another person's lot, and not his own, how lie would laugh ! lie felt that he was approaching a crisis in his life, and his pulse beat somewhat quicker than tisual, as lie turned into the road leading from the village to the back gate of Baronsford. (It was .the one chiefly useel in preference to the i/i stately .iron gates, with imposing pair oi lodges on a highway, in an opposite direction.) ?j' Now,' he said to himself decisively, 'in ten ''' minutes' time this' terrible encounter will be over, and I shall know 'whether I like her or yjjot !-,. I may be rash, but I am inclined to j.) agree with that cynical old beggar, Talleyrand., I believe in first impressions ; first impressions, \- and second thoughts..* I wish it was over. I ijW.ish ito ; goodness, Dicky, you, or any other fellow, were in my shoes this moment, and Si jthat I was safely back, smoking my peaceful cheroot in the verandah at Tumbledown Dick. It's. not possible,' he asked himself angrily^ ' that I'm what's called ' nervous ?' I believe Iain!' '?*' The road leading to the entrance was over;! ' hung by; many thick, wide- spreading trees, and near the gate itself the avenue was as ..(.dark as Erebus. It was a perfect August , . evening, the sequel to a broiling, ? blazing August day.. , , There was a majestic stillness about tlie \- country that impressed our traveller. Not a ^bund was to be heard beyond the faint lowing *' of a cow in distant fields, and tho trickling of ..running water close by. As he approached the gate, all his dreamy speculations and nervous forebodings vanished ; his mind was ...galvanized to sudden alertness as he noticed, for the first time, the figure of a tall girl in white, standing on the drive beyond the trees, in the full bright light- of the harvest moon. She w-is young and slender, as well as he could . judge, unless distance added enchantment to the view. Her head was bent forward in an attitude of listening, tod her whole pose 'denoted eager expectation. She was without doubt waiting for somebody. Waiting for him ? Impossible ! The instant she heard his 1 foot-steps, and caught ah outline of -his figure, she made a quick gesture of welcome, and gathering up her dress, 'with one sudden; swoop came flying down to -meet him with the swiftness of a tropical squall. _ _ He could now hear her running towards him in the dark — for it was darkPJier hasty, high-heeled shoes, pattering rapidly over tlie gravel. Nearer, nearer they came. - His heart beat faster than ever j faster even than when, in dense and distant Indian jungles, he had heard; the stealthy, tread of a tiger, creeping through the- underwood, and approaching the tree in which lie was posted. She was at the gate even sooner than he was. She had dashed it open with liurried hands, and almost before ho could realize the fact, her arms were round-, his neck ! : -.. w - - .v - v ^ - . - Hc .drewdiii head -back with a quick jerk, whilst she breathlessly gasped out — y ' I can hardly , believe it ! I've been wait ing for you for ages, and now you have really, come. It 'seems: too good ' to- be true- But how funny and dignified you aro'! Let me have a look at you !' she panted, taking him by the wrist, and dragging him towards the; light. ' To say that he was astounded at this, reception,. but feebly conveys his feelings! The first shock over, and having successfully eluded her proffered kiss, oh, let -him not sink,, too, too deeply in the public estimation, when they learn that his next thought was his unhappy collar. ? Nevertheless, lie .yielded amiably enough to lier- blandishments, and, suffered himself to be almost' hauled into the full searching white moonlight to be inspected ! As its first chaste gleams fell upon lnm, his companion stopped as if . she had been shot, | gazed into his. face with an expression of agonized incredulity, dropped his hand with a kind of smothered exclamation, and then fled up the avenue like an arrow from a bow ! He stared after her speeding figure in speechless amazement until she disappeared into a shrubbery, and vanished like the Maid' of the Mist. Tlie whole adventure had been so sudden; and had passed so quickly, that it seemed a kind of dream ! It could not be a. ghost? Another White Lady of Avenel? But no j, that, hug was certainly human. ; ? . . ' There is 110 , use in my standing , ; here, iand staring like; a stuck pig,'- ho said ? to: himself ; at last; - having ? somowhat- i:ecovei,ed,;!from i 1ns startling rencontre j 'I may. as well be moving on, and -.ten to .one I'll find' tlie key to this riddle.- -? It's ... certainly . some girl: who * has mistaken me for, her ..lover. /Ecstasies of the lover/had he seen her !-?! ' She was,. a lady hy~ ;her voice,' - and- young- decidedly. - By. - Jove.!, she ifan run a bit. - Maybe it's Miss Augusta^; , there are only, two of them.' ? ? - . Supposing it had been his fiancee). But, . straniro to.sav. this notion did not nleaso linn i ? at all y and: turning over this very, unwelcome, idea in Ins own mind, lie reached , the halb door. 'Ho was' soon: ushered into the drawing- i room (just five minutes. before dinner-time), -'i where lie found-Mrs. Brabazon. dressed. for the-i evening, - awaiting . the : gong, Avith her^hands lying idly m her lap, Jand 'air air. of pleasant anticipationporvadingiher -- aquiline/features.:! Eight o'clock .p.'iti. was-her. favourite hour-in- all the twenty-four. j. Flonan was loungwg in a dee]} arm-cliair, absorbed . in a yellow paper backed French novel. Few and ovil were the books that lie read. . Gussie flitted about the room putting away papers, work, and maga zines. ' So it was not Gussie,' observed. the new arrival to himself, when he had once more made, acquaintance with his cousin Augusta, - with lier' saucy black eyes and bowitching smiles. (To be continued.) 