Little Tales from Life. ME. MARRABLES TROTTE^ES. JfSfSTORY OF THE RAILWAY COMMIS SIONERS,. Mr. Alfred -Marrables was a Sydney solicitor who .maintained an. excellent business^ inherited from his father, of what is known as ' the family land.' That is to .say, he was the legal adviser of one bank, several public companies and private firms, and of numerous clients well off in this world's goods, to whose fathers his father had acted in the same capacity, fie seldom or never was connected with a case in the Supreme Court. If anyone outside his regular clients, whether plaintiff or defendant, desired his services in an action, he either avoided it or only undertook it to effect a compromise without going into court. It was only when one of his regular clients was driven into court or insisted upon going there, that he acted for him. And then only in the Supreme Court. District and Police Court busi ness he handed over to a young protege, the son of an old clerk to whom he had given his articles, and who had started in business on his own account. Mr. . Marrables was 45 years' of age, happy in the pos session of a wife ten years his junior, and. of a family of two boys - and two girls, none of whom had yet got beyond their school days. TTis wife had but one defect — a blind, unreasoning jealousy ? — but as she had been remarkably handsome when he married her, as she was still exceedingly good-looking, and as he had always loved her fatuously, this jealousy rather pleased him than otherwise. As a solicitor lie had, of course, seen something of the seamy side of life, but as little as was possible consistent with the transaction of business, and in the year 1889 he was as simple ?minded and steady-going a citizen .as ever lived in. a pleasant villa in one of the western suburbs, set an example of punctuality to the trains by which he travelled to and from business, and went to church, on Sundays with pious regularity. His life was as clear and tranquil as the pool at whose bottom every stone can be counted, yet on a ..morning this month it was suddenly rendered turbid and. stormy. At 10 o'clock that morning he sat in his office chair, reading with dismay the following letter: ' Knockandindi Station, 'viaGooliwal, ' October ?? *? Dear Marrables, — « I am in a- fix, and yon must get me out of it. Last year, after ghnaj-frigr, I had a fly around in Sydney, and picked up with Tottie De Warren, of the Comic Opera Chorus (her real name, I believe, is Sally Blithers, but that does not matter). Well, I made a fool of myself, of course, and she holds some very tender and compromising correspond ence of mine. I had forgotten all about her and the correspondence when I became engaged to Miss Kyle, whose marriage settlements you are engaged in drawing as solicitor for both the families; but yesterday I had an unpleasant re minder of the existence of Tottie and my letters in the shape of this pretty epistle : 4 Dear Jim, — I seen by the papur,' (Tottie's spelling is inferior to her step dancing) ' as how you was engaged to Miss Kyle. Well, old man, I'm not agoin' to be nasty ; but you remembur the letters you rote to me, and I think they're worth sometbin' to have back. Meet me on Saturday week at the Austra lian Arms Hotel, Surbiton, at dinnur time. Bring sports enough to pay for the nice dinner and ?fiz' I intend to order, and for the letters, and you shall have no bother, and may marry when you likes. — Tours, Tottee. P.S. — I'm not greedy, but I don't part under . an' undred. T.' Now, fmy dear Marrables, you, as my family solicitor, must keep this appoint ment for me. Surbiton is a deuced sight too near to where .the Kyles live for me to go there; and, besides, I don't know what game Tottie may have ? on hand. If s no use your saying that her own letter would put her out of court. Maybe so; but she would have my letters read first, and when you see them you will admit that is not to be thought of. Ana if s no use your sending a smart clerk or some fast young lawyer to settle - this. I don't want my secret to go beyond your self and Tottie; and, besides, your age and respectability trill settle her. She's not used to dealing .with men like you. So there's nothing ' for you but, as my legal adviser, to follow my instructions. '' Yours faithfully, 'James Cotswold.' On the very rare occasions when Mr. Marrables permitted himself to get mildly excited, it was his habit to. indicate the fact by saying softly, ' God bless me.' What he said now, however, sounded far more like a commination or denouncing of divine wrath upon himself in particular, and the world in general/than a blessing. He was in what his younger son would have-called among his intimates 'a cast iron fix ' and what he him self described as a predicament. Mr. Cotswold was an excellent client, and the son of one who had been an excellent client. The Kyles were also excellent clients, and in serving Mr. Cotswold just now be was serving them. ' I suppose it will have to be done,' murmured Mr. Marrables. Let me think how it can best be done without letting anyone k&ow; of it, least of all Mrs. M— /' The word died on his lips as he thought, of what would happen if his wife heard of his keeping an appointment with a lady of the corps ? de ballet. All the letters of instruction from all the clients in the colony would not he felt be to answer her waked wrath. As Mr. Marrables cogitated, however, the situation began to grow less seemingly desperate, the solution of his diffi culties to become easier. He was a man who with one exception had not troubled Tri-madf much about public affairs. That exception was the management of the railways. He had enthusias tically supported the appointment of Mr. Eddy and that gentleman's fellow Commissioners, and, as a season ticket holder, had been loud in his praise of the ' management of the railway' service since their appointment. De parting from hie usual custom, he had written letters to the newspapers is. praise of the Railway Commissioners and all their works. The letters, when published, of course did not bear his own name. He enclosed his' card with them to the editors, and signed' them ' Civis,' ' Justice,' 'One Who Knows,' or some such' other uncom mon name adopted by those who write letters to newspapers. As he planned the manner in which he intended to carry out his clients' instructions, and remembered that an effective and punctual suburban train service would have very much to do with the successful discharge of his profes sional duties, his mind became even more easy, until at last he wondered how he could have been so apprehensive of danger. Surbiton was two stations farther from Sydney than that near which his own villa was situated. He had only to get . the latest railway timetables issued by the Commissioners and study it in order to arrange a plan of campaign. To assist 'him he remembered that on the Saturday he was to meet Miss Tottie De Warren, Mrs. Marrables, his children and tri»w«flfj .were to spend the day with Mr. and Mrs. Clack, living at Manly Beach. Mrs. Marrables, and the youngsters were to go down by an early boat, and he was to get down with MrrClack at luncheon time. . On the Saturday morning he sent a note to Mr. ftS&cFs; office, saying that he found himself called Hwaybyimppitant'businessof aclient, buthewould, be down to' Manly Beach in time for dinner. Then he put* a blank cheque in his purse and went up to Bedfern Station. Here, though, he had a first-class -season ticket to his own station, hetook.a second-class single ticket to Surbiton. There was a crowd at the station, and he had to push and be pushed a good deal before he got his \- ticket. The presence of the crowd was explained bytbefaetthat the Yiddish Eace Course Club held one of its meetings that day. Mr. Marrables' ideain taking a second-class ticket was to break bis trip at. his own. station, to which he would travel on his first-class season ticket, and then to proceed to Surbiton on his second class ticket from Bedfern. By this means he would visit his own . house on the pretence that he had to get some important private papers , connectedwiththecaseof the client who was keep ing him fromManly,and which he had forgotten in a coat pocket.and thus secure collateral evidence, if such should be wanted, of the bona-fides of the ex cuse he had made to .the Clacks. He had bought hiBsecond-classticketto Surbiton at Bedfern, be cause it would never have done to have bought one athis own. station, where every official knew him \- betterthantheydidthesignalpostB. He travelled second-class because he had no Mends who did so, and therefore fee 'irotild best avoid recognition. He got out at Surbiton, visited his house, made quite a fuss over gettujg the documents lie pretended he had forgotten, and by more than one artful allusion to the exact time impressed upon his servants the precise hour of his presence in his own house. Having thus laid the foundation of an excellent alibi in view of his visit to Miss Tottie De War ren, and also given proof of the truth of his excuse to Mr. Clack, he went back to the station and presently entered a .second-class carriage of a team which stopped there on its way to Surbiton. No sooner had he seated himself than a ticket collector asked hiim to show his ticket. This he did, of course, and was very much astonished when the man said— ' This is a ticket from Redf ern.' 'Tes.' . ,, ' But didn't I see you get in &t; Surbiton ?' ' Yes, of course. I broke my -journey.' ' Thafs not allowed.' ' Pooh ! Pooh ! , Stuff and nonsense. Why, my wife and hundreds of people do it every day when they make visits at different places along the line.' 'I don't know what your wife and hundreds of people do, sir ; but I know what you're doing is contrary to the regulations, and I shall have to trouble you for your name.' Mr. Marrables began to feel in a condition he had often heard his wife describe as 'a cold sweat,' which she suffered from when she woke him at night to assure him- that there was a burglar in the house. Here were all his plans for an alibi, and for proving the truth of his excuse to the Clacks knocked on the head. He said most politely to the ticket collector. 'Could you show me the regulation I am breaking ?' ?? Oh, certainly, sir. -Here it is.' And Mr. Marrables read the following in a sup plement to a number of the Govebnment Gazette : 'No person will be allowed to break bis journey, by stopping at any intermediate station, and thereafter proceeding by a subse quent train with the same ticket, unless by per mission of the station-master, or authorised by the regulations of the Commissioners, under a penalty not exceeding £2.' Mr. Marrables thought the best thing was to be quite frank, so he said — ' Myname is Alfred Marrables. I am a solicitor of whom you have most likely heard. I hold a first-class season ticket issued at Arcadia station, but for purely private and business reasons I wished to travel second-class to Surbiton, and took my ticket at Eedf ern.' ' Oh weil,' said the ticket collector ' If thafs your name I've often heard of it, and no doubt in your case £the Commissioners, knowing it;was a mistake of yours, wouldn't press a charge. But how do I know your name is Marrables. Can't you get any one to identify you. If you cannot, I am afraid I must trouble you to come with me to the station master at the next station.' As the ticket collector spoke the train rolled into the station he mentioned, and while Mr. Marrables was wondering how matters would end the collector went on the platform of the car riage, beckoned to an official in the uniform of the station master, and said, pointing to Mr. Marrables, ' Is that Mr. Alfred Marrables.' The station-master replied by asking how he was to know, when just then Mr. Marrables hap pened to -seea memberof parliament whom he knew walking past the carriage on the station platform. He hailed the member andasked that gentleman to identify him, which the member did with much readiness, but with equal amazement as to why so respectable a gentleman should require identi- - fication in the presence of a station-master and a ' ticket^colleetor. Just as he was about to make inquiries through the window, however, the train, moved off . It may be here mentioned in cidentally that by the time the next parliamentary session began the member's encounter with Mr. Marrables had developed into a very racy story for the smoking room, of which certain marked attentions paid by Mr. Marrables to an attractive young lady in a second-class railway carriage, into which he had followed heTj formed the basis. The sum it cost him to ' square the affair ' was variably stated at from JE100 to .£1000. Mr. Marrables was by this time sickened of his enterprise, and it did not comfort h'n very much that ho managed to reach the Australian Arms Hotel, Surbiton, without recognition or further misadventure. Though Miss Tottie was at first rather indignant thathe.andnot his client, should have kept the appointment, still the conciliating manner in which he agreed to her terms soothed her, and she did not hesitate to say that he was not half a bad old chap, and to offer him an introduc tion to several female dramatic friends whom she expected to dinner. But he was too woebegone to ovenpayheedtothispartbfhisconversation.Infact all he wanted was to get away; and accordingly, without any haggling, he had informed her that he was prepared to pay .£100 and whatever other small sum would cover the cost of the dinner (of which he did not desire to partake), if she would give up the letters. . Tottie produced the letters, and Mr. Marrables put his hand into the pocket in which he usually carried his purce, and found it empty. The blank cheque and some .£20 in notes had departed. He searched every pocket wildly, but without result. Then he explained to Tottie that his pocket must have been picked during the crush at the railway station, and he remembered having read letters in the news papers complaining of the want of any police about the Redfern station on days when it was crowded, and stating that as a result pocket picking was only too common. He also remem bered at the time he read the letters how he had pooh-poohed them, and said, they were the work of discontented or discharged railway servants who wanted to throw mud at the 'Railway Com missioners, because those gentlemen were reform ing the service. He was beginning to think now, however, that the regime of the Commissioners was not quite such a blessing as he had imagined it to be. Tottie, to do her justice, ac cepted his explanation at once, and told him not to bother, but to send a trusted messenger to her at the th.ea.tre on Monday after rehearsal with, the ,£100 and she would give, up the letters. ' In the meantime,' she said, 'Fll just ring for the waiter to tell hi*' to call the landlord, and he'll take your name for the dinner. and wine Fve ordered, or he'll get you a .cheque, and- you can fill it in for a tenner. The damage won't be over that. I'd pay myself and trust you, old boy ; but the fact is I left my purse -on the piano, which is my way of saying that I haven't more than 10s to my name until the ghost walks on Monday.' As she spoke she pressed the button of the electric bell. Mr. Marrables would have asked her net to do so, but he felt that he must make the best of the matter, and it would not do to quarrel with her. The landlord was summoned, came, and was most polite. The dinner, having been ordered, would have to fee paid for. He would have no objection to furnishing Mr. Marrables with a blank cheque on Ms bank or to take the same when duly filled up as payment in ad vance. But, and this he explained was merely a trifling matter, he wanted to be convinced that Mr. Marrablfis was Mr. Marrables. - He did not doubt Miss' De Warren's 'word .(she had never given it), but even she might be deceived. There were too many, valueless cheques flying about; and he was not a rich. man. If Mr. Marrables would allow 'himi he had then in his hotel three or four gentlemen of ihe*very highest respect ability who intended . to stay to dinner. They were persons, he -was sure, who must know Mr. Marrables by sight. If a way could be contrived by which Mr. Marrables could be seen by one of those gentlemen and .recognised, why, then things would be all right. . . ? Poor Mr. Marrables almost, groaned as he said tc Do what you like, landlord, -only let me get away.' ' ,'. .';.?..?'?.. . ? 'There's nothing' easier, sir,' said the land lord. 'Just take jsliss De Warren for a little walk on the lawn for five minutes.' If Mr. Marrables had reflected for a moment he would have suggested some other way out of the difficulty, bat as he afterwards said, when .en deavoring vainly to. convince. Mrs; Marrables by telling her the 'whole -truth, he did not know what he was doing. Accordingly, he promenaded the lawn in front of the Australian Arms Hotel for fully five minutes, and, having returned to the room, -found the landlord with a : blank cheque, and ready to cash it when filled up for any reason able amount. At the landlord's suggestion the cheque was filled up for J815, of which .£10 were retained to pay for the dinner, aad Mr. Marrablea put £5 in his pocket in order not to be without money on his way back. It may be here mentioned that bj Monday morning, thanks to Mr. Sarsnet, the weU-kntown junior partner in a soft goods house, -who was one of the party that had identified JMr. Marrables, it was being industriously circulated in business, and afterwards in legal, circles in* Sydney that Old Marrablea was not so quiet a bird as lie looked, as he had entertained Miss Tottie Be Warren and a number of female friends to dinner at the Australian Arms Hotel on'the Saturday. There was now nothing, to wait for, and Mr., Marrables, who had no. appetite and wanted no dinner, made the best of his way to the railway station, only^to find that, consequent, upon the traffic connected with the Yiddish Club Races, the line was blocked, everything in confusion, and no one knowing when the next train would start. On the station waiting for a train he also saw, without himself being seen, the clergyman of his parish, to whose sermons, on the necessity for the poor being moral, ho was accustomed to listen each Sunday. Compromised though he was already by recognition Mr. Marrables felt that to be seen by the clergyman would incur a terrible risk of bis wife's some day finding out that he had been at Surbiton. Ac cordingly he walked to an hotel other than the Australian Arms, and spent a couple of hours there, pretending to eat a dinner in a private room. Then he returned to the station, and presently a train, going in the direction of Sydney, came up. He vainly endeavored to enter a second-class carriage; but they were all crowded, and the guard told Mm to go into a first-class compartment. He had no sooner seated himself than in jumped Tottie and three other young ladies all' in high spirits as the result of a good dinner. The train did not stop at Arcadia station, but. just outside another station nearer Sydney it was blocked, as was also a train coming1 from Sydney on the other line. After ' the block' had lasted about ten minutes - the girls, who had been whispering together, astonished Mr. Marrables by suddenly taken off his hat and exchanging it for one of their bonnets, after which each of them kissed the wretched man. His friends say he bore this with complaisance. He himself says he nearly fainted. Just as the hissing terminated, he heard a boy's voice cry 'father!' and heard a loud feminine shriek. They proceeded from a carriage of the blocked train on the other line of rails, from which a full view of the carriage in which he was seated could be obtained. And in that carriage he now saw were his wife .and family. Domestic peace was absent from Mr. Marrables's home for days. Mrs. Marrbles now believes Mr. Marrables's version of this affair ; yet the miser able man is conscious that he has to account for every instant of his time passed out of her presence, and that he exists in an atmosphere of suspicion, against wMch it is useless for him to protest. But Mr Marrables never writes letters to the papers in praise of the Eailway Commissioners. On the contrary, he says that what with the ab sence of police protection when pickpockets are about, 'the utter absurdity of their regulations, and the manner in which the traffic is all sent to sixes and sevens by a trumpery suburban race meeting, an innocent man might any moment find himself convicted of murder on circumstantial evidence. '. 