Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of ' The Gotden Hope.' 'The Wreck of die Grosveoor,' ' The Lady Maud,' 'A Sea Queen,' ' Jack's Courtship,' ?? The Frozen Prate,** &c; Chaftkb XSiV.— HOME. The Bristol Trader was one of the most camforiable ships ot her class that evwl wAsabnard of- Her cabins were tall and roomy, her decks spurious her Torthoks Urge, her hmt -bways hie enough to *erre fur an emi grant ship. After our experiences on the island, in the open boat, and oar the schooner, it was like arriving at gome cheerful, hospitable inn, with the welcome of a bkdng fire; shot supper, and a warm bed afternoon of blind gragxng over mQee of snowdad mm% to find \- ons's-self in such a ship as-thi*. One *eeds to ie morooned to appreciate comforts made cheap by home liness and familiarity. ' We bad been absolutely d- sti tute aboard the schooner, without the commonest and meanest conveniences— Ho hairbru-h, no towels, i-oap, sheets, and what not ; nay, there had not been even a looking-glass, and neither Miss Grant nor I had the least idea of the sort of faces we submitted until we had been conducted to our cabins by Captain Foljambe and bis wife. I borrowed a rasor from the captain, and shaved myself for the first time since I had iPlt the iislaud, and 1 protest the sensation . was as though nature l-ad cloth* d me in a new skin. It is t'ie couiinonpl-ices of life which make themselves heard of in maritime disasters. The captain whs good enough to lead we a el'eau shirt and ooiiar, with other articles of underclothing, all which sat very comfort ably upon me. as we were prvity n-arly of the same build. Ho to.d ut ? that his wife «ra* taking care of Miss Gr-mt; that she— nHUiely, Mrs. Foljambe — tuicether with her friend, Mrs. Tweed, had between them a plentiful stock of clothing, so that my com panion cuutd be at pnee made comfortable, and kept so until our arrival at Bristol. He was a man that unproved on acquaintance, shrewd, respectful, sailorly in a sort of careless manner that was a graoe in it* way, veil spoken, with something of the manners of a well-bred gentleman, roughened with out being coarsened by the usage of the ocean, float in my bunfc whilst I dressed, aud asked me many .questions about the Iron Crown and our life on the island. He could give me no news of the brig, did not seem to know of her. name even, but he told me that whilst at Havanna he had heard of a vessel whioh had fallen in with a boat containing four men,' that had gone adrift during thick weather from the cralt that owned it; and this, .coming on top of Ducrow'e narration, con firmed my belief that Gordon and the others had bees saved ; for which I was heartily thankful indeed. It was long past the dinner-hour, but neither Miss Grant nor I bad broken our fast siuce the morning. On my telling Captain Folj&mbe; this, he immediately gave orders to his steward to prepare a meal for us in the cabin ; and by the time I had finished civilising myself with the razor; hairbrush, and the skipper's linen, the meal awaited u&: cold roast chicken, tine white biscuits, ham, several plates of fruit with the sweetness of the tropic soil etiil in their flavour and freshness, a decanter of brandy, a monkey of co'd water— whv1_Heaven_ bless us I af ter_poor. Ducrp\v.'s brine-tougnenoTBuffalo meat and his caulkers of water warm from the scnttle-butte, this was such a princely -regale that the recollection of it bids fair to outlast the memory of maxy a .sumptuous banque$that I had be fore and have since sat down to. The afternoon sun-, shine flashed azure off Hhe water ^through the open ports, and filled the interior with a soft golden haze that floated oool to svery sense in me after our days and nights of the Orphan's cabin, upon the atmosphere freshened by tne gushings of air from the white canvas tubes of the windsaib, whilst the eye was soothed by the violet shadow cast by the awning down upon the opefL skj.OghiiJ, *in whose gaping casements the hot breeze hummed as though it echoed the burden of the island insect chorm. ' I was Ci.nvendng-.with the captain's wife and Mrs. Tweed, two very homely, unaffected ladies, brimfnl of JrinoneB* and *ympathy~ when Miss Grant wrived. 1 had never seen her beauty look bo rich* - The peculiar complexion of . the atmosphere in the cabin just then may have helped her, but methonght theft was the glory of the newly-bloan flower in her as she stood a moment after coming out of her cabin, instantly smiling ^gas ourgase met. I brought- her to the table, and we seated ourselves. There was a WestTIndiiin plant, bearing a Btar-fihaped flower lovely.as the lily, but in odorous, trained against- the handsomely -framed trunk of the nuzKen^nisst, sloping abaft the table from the -deck to -'the cabin. The captain cut one of these flowers and presented it' with a sailorly bow to Miss Grant, who thanked him, and put it in her bow-m. - '? This fort of thine,' «ud J, almost jealons to think that the hand of a stranger should have touched a stem, that was to find so-stcred a restiDg- place, ' makes one feel slive apun. I f-ncy 1 must have men dead for a mouth, perhaps a little longer. Every-hlng strikes me with an astoniEhment that is preposterously unnatural. This damask tabledotb, how white' it is ! this crystal tumbler— 1 never before knew glass to eparkle'fo ! — and yonder roast chicken ! — upon my word, I thought there had been an end/of hens.' ? '- -The capUin hnghed. 'I have been sbipwreckedt air,' he exclaimed. V I've known the time when the hairy face of a seaman, all knob's and warts, basset me weeping as though I was taking my last view ot the only nan left m me world besidea myself.'. ?. ? ' II How very jbddf* exdaimed.Mr».:Folj«nibe. u I've never heard you esy that before, WilBinK'. ' ' ?. « My dear/' sald.he,' 'had it been the last woman, perh«pisJi;*houldn'jt have cried.' '?Because I dare say yon'd- have taken care il shouldn't have' been vpnr last view of her,' observed Mrs. Tweed, dryly. This lady was a widow. '' ' Now, Miss- Grant,' Baid I, working' away at OiB roast fowl and^ham, and immensely enjoying Captain Koljambe's ^excdJent old brandy, ' stall we ask our kind friend here to shift his helm and give chase to the schooner, th»t- vre may oyerliaul and board her afresh, and make our way to Havajina in her ?' ' ^ r 'If you wifl return to her, I %ill,' she answered. *' That meani» no,' said Qtptain Foljainhel *? Ko for all hands.' Bad look-out toj^iift the Helm now, Miss;, Grant ItbBweE pretty Bix-khot breeie,'^ ?' '?? *' Hurrah^' isried lr :*'Vn&v;, with th^cligper kftal flnBer4^^e«hallvbe he*ving'Bf3^1:btosi^lvbj1^ the little Orphio usGtt dodging tbighoslolio^aw : in waters not yet hull down. Wo, no, it was a voyage^ not to be pursued. A 2o-ton boat.* Mrs. foljambe f h^r one pump ^oing day and night ! all the plagues of E&ypt; rolled into one, in the shape of euc&niaches;! Thuikof that, Mr*. Tweed.' ' Sh- icking, sir,' she cried ; ' the horrid creatures ! But there are none here, thaakgoodm-ae.'. ' Here and there one,' said the captain. And so we vent on, chitting and earing, then mounted on deck, 1 with a bie Havanna cigar in my mouth, so joyous in spirite-thut it might have needed but a baud of music to have staited me off flanging for -he rest of the day. What words have 1 to describe the delight that filled me, as I looked at die sparkling blue sea, sloping between the awning-stanrhionn to the heavens, which were, reddening all round tp the wester- . ing of me luminary; and at the swelling folds, of the courses, which, past the edge of our. canvas shelter, rose in stately cloud upon cloud, every -doth. silently doing its wort, rounding marble-like to leeward, the shadows of the rigging lying in dHkate curves in each still, enow-lite hsart, and tbe tinkle of water swiftly shorn at the fctem faintly sweeprng a bell-like note through the steady breezint; of the wii-d! The ucean looked boundless from the height of the poop-deck, and the way beore us was yet a lung road. But my heart . beat tbe more giadl y fur the very thought of it when I turned to look at Aurelia GrauC and reflected that the was mill by my «de ; that lor m«nv a week «e thould be tueHhtT ; ti-at, in short, 1 had b. tbie mauaeuvre indefinitely pot4ponHi the hour of oar separation. Wan 1 dishouuurab-er Wa* 1 di-4--yal 'r Was 1 uufritufal to mv trot *r Maybe, maybe. B«w ym .would h»ve acte4 m my raoe 1 ca&uot; telL l-ailibdity njui«t tail soaievBere,ca\stheo^d njoraliet. And i was in love. But you havetttadrauetV'ntinl voyage »ith iw, and I an ai little desiroas, po-fribU, at you ibat joo E-h»nld sndertake a second unevtaitttd one — uneventful. I me-n. in respect of incident, tor we were a rmart ship, and ihe ctew bearty and h-oeet, the opuin a «ice disciplinarian, and his t*n mates plain, 6tutuy- *tefldy going eeaiitcn. Yet thoogh oxeremful in the seu*« 'of gates of wind, oolliaonr, lee-shun*, leaks, tnutmie*, and the rest of die list o« nuriiuK penb-, lit me it was muked by a passage thai rendered it more stirring than ali the expenettoee we had patae through toised down into one could have provVd. I have spoken of .a quality of ce-erte in Mb* Grant's manner «fcen aboard the schooner, of my own 6ea«itivaieas to it and how be tween us there had oome a wororthfng that seemed to hold .us a bit apart; but this had made way before we Wt the litfevesseU for the eld frankBeas. the warmth, the sweet and fearless eordJalty of her tear ing towards me when on the island.- -Yet we had not been24hourfl in .the Bristol Trader when I noticed that hi-r behaviour was otce more charged with a chilly and uncomfortable element of reserve. Then she even 'grew timomus at times, shunuirjg my gaze, though eotretioiea I'd catch her unawares wktchmg me with an expression of wiistfuineas that lay sad in her eyes, like a shadow of melanctiuly there. 1 very well knew the had gueosed that my pruposal to sail home was uierelv that 1 might possess her society for tsoine weeks or perhaps month* lunger, and I would fancy that iu thinking over this she bad come to resent it^ as though the was now cieorly seeing that my duty lay in proceeding with her in the schooner to Havanna, whence, as Captain Foljaiube was ounsrantlyVsHying— and 1 cer tainly did not like him the better fur this confounded trick* of iteratiou — we would have met a ship to trans port w to Kio without delay. All this f-ecret worrying in me over.whtt might be in her thoughts resulted in cooling my manner too, though my love for her increased as my demeanour became in expressive : and sometimes it would -happen that we wpre together only at meat-timea. by which. 1 mean that I won d go and sulkily post myself in some corner with a book, which I would read upside down, whilst she paced the deck with the captain's wife or Mrs. Tweed, or remain below in the cabin. I was for ever seeking to interpret her, but never could find the hints I sought. When with her I would constantly talk of Alexander and of the plans I had formed : for instance, we should arrive at Bristol ; we should then proceed to London, where she would take up her abode at the hotel she occupied before she left England, whilst I made all . neoewsary preparations for a second attempt to carry her to her sweetheart. But I took notice, whilst 1 thus talked, that ehe nad very little to say to it at all. She'd thank me and tell me 1 was too good, and protect that it was not likely the would put me to the trouble of escorting her again ; that most probably on her arrival iu London she would write the stoty of our adventures to Kio, and wait for my cousin to fetch her - mo^t .probably ; indeed, she would add with a sigh, she had not made up her mind. There was plenty of time to think the matter over, and meanwhile 1 was cot to dream that she would again subject me to the risk of 'undergoing perhaps worse adventures than those which we had happily come sole through. This and the like she would say' but always with a sort of air of indiffer ence, as though she talked to a person whose programme _8hejdid,npt regard as a. my. sincere ote, and .as though in consequence sne could take no interest in it. There came a day, however, when feeling grew too fctrong for me. Conscience had wrestled hard with in clination, but to no purpose. Often, whilst toa-ing in ' my bunk at night, whilst seated'alone on the deck by day, 1 would ask myBelf if I had not acted diBhonour '? ably in falling in love with this woman, and whether I _ shonld not be rendering my sin heinous beyond forgive ness by proposing to her. But it was like putting some insoluble riddle to my heart.' I gave it up. Had Alexander been my brother instead of my cousin it would have been all the same. I was head over e*rs in love with Aureiia Grant, and I. made up my mind to marry, her if she would have me. And there came a time, as 1 have -aid, when patience gave way, . when parsioo .grew too powerful for restraint, and when-I. determined to put the matter bo.dly to her, and see what she had to say to it. Tne ship was then on the equatorial verge of the Bay of Biscay, so you vili gather that I did not make up my mind in a hurry. Our clipper hod uude a noble run through the traded, with fine weather and pleasant breezes to follow,. and now on this day at noon we : found ourselves under ail plain tail on the port tack, bowlines triced out, a-ligut breeze off the bow, aud the vessel sliding quietly through it over the long undula , tions of the Atlantic swell, flowing, with pu;ee- like regularity from the westward. When the duok settled down, the half-moon ehone in the! t-ky. Her light lay Milt and »hite upon our high-reaching canvas, and filled the shadow between the rails with a silver tint, through which the form* ot the t-emuen moved in dark ? outlines. '1 he awning was furl-d, and the poop-utck lay almond- white to the ttare, witn many quicksilver like nppiings ot radiance in- the polished brass-work, and Ihe man at the helm rising with the lift of the stern agamst a faintness like the atter-glow on the sea hue there, his shape sharply wrought upon it, and the circle and spokes of the wheel keen as though he and it were an etching-in India ink. I came on deck after an hour spent alone in my cabin, and stood a. little at the head of the ladder that led- to the poop,, trying to persuade myself that I lingered to admire this fair ocean night-picture ; but I found my eyea.quickly going from it in search of Miss Grant I saw her in a moment standing in the dark shade flung on the deck by the reflection of the mizzen m&6t. She was talking* to Mrs. Foljambe and Mr. .Murphy, the chief, mate. I put on the lightest air I could summon, and approached the group in an easy saunter. .... . , ???'-*? Pleasant weather this for the dote of October, Mrs.- Foljambe,' said I ; 'it wont be quite eo nice a little higher up.' ?* Theie's no climaie after all, Mr. Musgrave, that. beats -ihe .English.' said Mrs. Foljambe. ** Wpll, madam,', said 1, ' 1 might agree with you if 1 were a slug or a water-rat.' - ' v-- - ' .^pu muBt go to the West of Ireland for a fine climate,' quotli Mr. Murphy.; '. ''?'' ** Too much Bie»m,' said Mrs, Foljambe. 'I once stayed a week at iSaltyvaphan, and it was like looking at Dattaral scenery through the smoke from a bowl of *dt^nct^V. * ?' ^%- ^^'-Y^afionldVif^bxied Ballaghader$en, ina'in,' ^ *&&vk;&vstol;%*-iriifi#:*5-''- v. ?'?-'?: ': ^Say B»llvdenob at once,- no*,''- answered JSr&. Foljambe; 'and I am sure a hob.lhe poof eieaturts who live there must find it— a bob with a eteatnmg' ketUeonit.' _« Well,' said I, 'this evening iarafine one. but it is a bit chilly for all that What tay you to a droll, Miss Grant r» * - .-.'*.. She assented, and we left Mrs. Foljambe and Mr. Murphy arguing on the climate of Ireland. ' Will you take my arm Y' said I. 'This long heave is gentle, but it doesn't help to steadv one.' She did -as I asked. 1 thought Ifelta'little tremor , in her fingers;, .she was. silent and pensive, looking away from me towards the ocean; but this had been . her demeanour, of late, and was .therefore not new in her. . 'ThieifitheBayof Biscay,' said I; 'not many more day b now before ns.' . - '.: . . 'I shall be glad when the vovage is ended,' she answered;, 'the Foljambes are very kind, .everything ia nice here, but I am weary— weary— weary of the ees, Mr, Musgtave.' ''.'',? ?? You had need be; it has used you verv ill, and something of this weariness of the ocean you are ex . t»adinjr.Tt - ' :- a txtendinjr ! 1 don't understand you.' 'Well, now. to be plain, Alias Grant, you have had enoueh of my company.' . ' ?? \ ou don't tnink *o,' sheanswered, quietly ; ' «hy do y«u «*y so, thai r' ?? I eay a- because I think so, and I think so because the fani-y hxs t een for-d npoarnie bv your manner, bince we have Tjeeh in tuis ship -ou have ceased to be »h«*^vou wwe.' ? . . '. i 'What was 15' ' W.rai, cordial, frank, making onr association to me «- --weet «u intimacy, tLat- though I «hs c^ituoniue to leave ihe island. I n»w vow.to Heaven 1 would be glad to go on buffering a life- long iuiprisiniiitnt in it to pre«erre what 1 buve lo«t iti.you.' ?*. You have to?t nothing,' the exclaimed, speaking in a subdued voice, that did not however conceal her agits'ion : ' if you have notii-ed'any change in me it is but the reflection of youroa-n manner.' 'My manner! It should: be warm, not cold; it should be bright, not gloomy, if - love be the hot and radiaut en- tion the poetB tell us it is. Aurelia — ' - bbe fixed her dark eyes upon me as T pronounced her name, and halted, looking at me intently, but frr a few seconds only, then her .gase ielL and she resumed her walk, still holding my arm. 'Anrehs,' I said gently, i'you ^leard what I have said— yoa know jnow that I love yon.' - . ' ? ''I have known it a long whik*,' she-answered, still looking down, but speaking with composure, though I have little doubt I should have felt her heart in Lor finger-tips hud I brought them to my lips. ' Yon say I have no sympathy : but I am quicker to see than you — quiker tan cognise.' - Her meaning ua» as clear as the round of a bell. We were to leeward, forward as far an the deck ex tended; the sneet --r the great main rourse curved like a dusty wing betwixt us aud the uionniigbt on the wa er, and »e stood in the dusk, concealed from tho others, obscured from all eyes in the fore-end, though clearly visible to each other. It whs my turn no«- to halt. I let fall her baud from my uru*, then clasped it and the other as well. She Bhtod pai-ive. ? drew her to me till, her f -ce vra* clone to mine, and ki«s« d her forehfad. She relea«- d her hands with a manner of ten-er agitation, and went to the rail and looked over, and X ht-ard her draw her breath in a sob. I stepped to her side and said, 'If I have grieved you, forgive me. The time had come when I c-mld not help speaking. I have lo\ed you from the hour I firr-t saw you. It has been a hard fight. 1 have en deavoured to do my duty, will still attempt it if you command me, but your beauty and Eweetnets have con quered my resolution of silence.' She wept silently. ' See, now, how I have vesed yon,' said I. She shook her head. 'No, I am happy,' the an swered, in a voice so low that I had to bend my ear to catch the words. 'I am indeed happy in knowing that you love me. It is a6 it bhould be. It is— it is— ns he would— as he might desire it. Poor boy. But — but ? '» She raised her head, and the next instant ber face was hidden on my shoulder, my arms around ber, und her heart beating apainst mine*. And thus it was that we mxnaged to round off in trne poetical styl6 our most «-.venttul experiences as a marooned couple. That this was a right and proper ending I wiil not affirm, but that we could help it I do most vehemently deny. And, alter all, if you will but gravely consider the matter you will see it was scai-ce possible but that two people thrown together as Aurelia and 1 were should full in lovo, to the exclusion of all promptings of loyalty and conscience on the one hand, and of all impulses of an earlier passion ou the other. Nor was this all. The character of our iutimacy demanded our union.- Indeed, Aurelia did not scruple to tell me afterwards— I mean when she was my wife— that even had her leve been made to falter by thoughts of my cousin's claims upon her, and by the memory cf their vows and betrothal, tho recollection of the island must have sufficed to rally her into accepting me as destined by fate or old ocean, which is ibe same thing, to be her husband. By why enlarge upon this ? It would have been easy to shift the helm of this \arn towards the close of it, and submit myself as having cut a highly virtuous figure. But then is it highly virtuous to heave one's emotional obligations over board ? — to conftont a pure and ennobling passion with a countenance acidulated by some bolus of conscience that in, strictly speaking, neither here nor there, though it works very uncomfortably in the moral hVbteui, without leaving one much the better for it ? '.??.. Wearrivedat Bristol on tie 6th of Noveinber, after above four iii'.ntb8 of m chliveliir experiences than I shonld again care to undergo 'on -any account whatever, and proceeded to London, where before the mouth was out we were married. 'Ihe weddrbg, as wilt be sup posed, was a veiy quiet one— so quiet, indeed, that there was nobody but ourselves present ; I mean nobody in any way concerned in it 1'nvacy of this kind is a happiiiess that attends the nuptials of those only who are without relations; that is to say, when the marriage is an honest one, done in the light of day, and net what one may call a window-and-ladder mutcn. Aurelia was as good as alone in the world, and lor the matter of that so was 1 ; so we drove one morning to church and returned man and wife; and I remember si} ing to my blushing beauty, as we stepped aim -in- arm from the Bncred' building, that, if alt man oning experiments had ended as ours did. the pomeLment must long before have beeome so fashionable that there would be lo uninhabited islands lelt; the most eterile rock wonld te occupied by some languishing couple, and it might come to skippers being handsomely re warded for reporting so much even as the creation of a volcanic spot of earth. But before I was married I wrote a letter to my cousin, Alexander Fraser. It was a very long letter indeed. 1 gave him the lull relation of our adventures, \- and do not know that I spared him the most trifling deiaiir&o; anxious was I to submit the whole picture to him, thatthcrc might be wanting no incident which, omitted, I might have legretted as helpful to the general apology of the missive. I told him that of course I expected he would resent my conduct at first, that he would consider 1 had taken a mean advantage of the trust he confided in me, but that when he came to think the matter caretuliy over he would under stand that nothing ebse than what had happened was possible. 1 touched very delicately upon Amelia's and my enforced intimacy of associationon the island; deli cately, 1 say, but I indicated it too, for therein, \- methoueht, lay the very handsomest excuse any man \- could seek or expect for what 1 had done. . Whatever occurred 'to me to say in belf-extenuHtion I said ; but though I took great pains, wr-.te in a subdued strain, with plentiful appeals to h:s sailorly inntincta at* a man to judge me kindly, to belitve tnet 1 had eu.barktd moct honestly, th«t lor weeks aud weeks 1 had never thought of .the Rirl bnt as his sweetheart, t».»t even ?after we bad quhed the island I was still tor conveying Aurelia to Hit, though. 1 was loving her passionately then, a«d abhoned.the thought of parting with her ? I i-ay, that, though. I did iuy beat in this letter, 1 felt at every word which' .dropped ir»m my pen that it was like rubbing a cat the wrung way, as uncomfortable to the-si roking hand as to the creature thus dea-t with. Perhaps I said too much; then it would occur to me that 1 had not said enough ; and sometimes 1 thought it would have been best to say nothing at all, and leave him to conclude that the Iron Crown had foundered, and we with her. Well,' a- few months after 'I had despatched this epi6tle— this great - bundle of manuscript I should call it, for it ran into many shcete— during all which time not a syllable reached me from Kio, I received a letter from Captain Foljambe, in which be gave me two items of news, both of great interest to nie. The first concerned the Iron Crown. - It seeme that this vessel had been found' derelict at sea,! about 100 Imgues westward of the island of Cuba. She was ? fallen in with' by a French barque, whose people on boaiding her discovered a couple of auger-holes m her bowB, one of which had been plugged, while the leak age of die otter had been, strangely en..uch, stopped by a fish that lay jammed in the orifice, just leaving room enough for a, finall draining of brine, ecaroa as much hs would have raii*d a toot of w«t?r in her hold inafortmghi. On entering the cabin they found the ceiling, stanchions, *na h portion ot the furwaid bulk heads scotched, with other suns of a fire having been kindled, mauife^tly fur ibe purpose of destroying ber. Thtre were trait* of blood upon her quarter-dck and wait, wLetter nuuian or not could not be to d. Aloft she was a coicplete wreck ; most of her sails in rage, h-r miuu-topu.a*t none, her JoTV-toppallant-mai-t hang lug by its pear, and about luft. ot her ttarboaxd bul warks Kiiiahhed level to the covering Jtoard. Her name uas pain up-n tbe otern, and *-tie wits uaquc*.tinnat-iy the brig in which we hud tailed, bhe had apparently encuunfered a violent etorni, but whether before or after her abandonment was not to bepue»*ed. 1 here was nothing to be done with her; and as shn would prove a formidable obstruction to drive iuto in the cark, the Frenchmen knocked the plug out, cleared away the fish, and left her to drown. Kothiag was known of her crew; and I may as well ray here, that though 1 continued long afterwards to make inquiries, 1 never got to hear of them, and therefore remain to this hour ignorant of -the manner m which Broad water had met his end— whether he was murdered or peritbed by his own act. ? ? : ? ? ? : Foljambe*8 second item of news was to this effect. During his outward run to Havanna, when' somewhat ' to the southward of the Great Bahama Bank,* lf\ sighted a little schooner, which, on his rearing her, proved to be the Orphsn. Ducrow, standing at the rail, recoenised the Bristol Trader, and yel ed iu his detuonstraiive fashion lobe permitted to step on board, that be might m«ke inquiries after mytflf and the lady. ~ There whs very little wind, at the time, and Foljatube told him he was at libeny to come, bat that he was not going to back his top*a'i-yurd to oblige him. On this the n;hooner's boat win thrown over the si--'e, Durrow and two blacks jumped into her. and in hot ba»te aud ' shouting loudly swept die little leaking iabr;c to tLc : maiu-c&ains; of i be *hip, over which bucrow tloundci el. smirking-, iiiurisliing Lis tassclled cap, and bowing as ot old with many contortions, ihe main purpott of his visit W4F, tbut 1 n:igbt be told through Captain 1'oljiiuibe that be had found out ilie island ou which we hud been marooned, and bad carried utf not ouly our luggage, hat the Spanish ne^ro whom we had left there. 'Ihe fellow, he said, was now aboard the EcbimcL-r. and he pointed to a black who stood survey ing the ship from tin- schooner's forecastle, tie told - Captain Foljwube that he- did not know, there was a mau on the island— and iudeed 1 had said nothingabout the poor runaway, as I supposed that he desired to lie in hiding for the rest of his life in that ocean retreat. . Ducrow and one of hisdnrkies — Aloses— «tnt ashore, and after .1 t-hmt Roaroh found 'the open hatch in the sand. They peered in— the evening was ihen gathering —and Ducrow, bcitig afraid to go fir&t;, told tne negro to lead the nay, giving him a kick to help him to a proper posture of resolution. Moses plumped down, and Ducrow was in the act of following him, when he y heard the negroyellinp, ' Dedebbi], dedrbbil I— here's dc debbil himshrf— here's de'deLbil hirashef !— oh Lord'-' followed by sounds of wrestling and hard breathing, whereupon Ducrow instantly took to hi= heels, but befoie he could reach. his boat he was tripped up by some one who pursued him, the man in chase - falling over him heavily. This fellow proved to be the Spanish negro. Du- row, jumping up, concluded that his end was arrive.!, and whipped out with a long knife, intending, as he told Captain Foljambe, to sell his life at the highest price he could get for ir. Then ' followed a parley. The negro could only epeak SpamVh. Luckily for Ducrow, he knew a few wolds in that tnngue, enough w.th gesticulations to let the negro understand that he meant him no harm. Eber nezer, the mate of the schooner, was in the b- at. Tnis biack had been a Cuban t-Iuve. and was ab'e to - onverse with the other, who was speedily tranquilliaed by his pneifio assurances. When he was t«.ld that he would be n irte man under the British flag, and that whilst that hunting contiuutd to 15 v over Ins head he need not fetrof being recaptuied, he told Ducrow thuthe woud be willing to enter as a sailor with liiui. In short, he had en--ugii of the island, though I believe he had not lived »il'ine upon it above a fortnight. He sa d it was haunted. Oue evening he saw the ghost of a black wan come out of the sea and pass into tbe forest and vanish, and he de lured it was the spectre of the dead negro who had beeu with him in ibe boat wheu they drifted to the island. It ended. Ducrow lold Captain Fo1j«mbe, ' in their eWring tho underground rooms,, not only of our luggage, but of every thing, else -in it— the chairs, table, p-rts and pans, muskets, and so foitb. This w«s ? good booty to Lucrow, ,who made a division of it amongst the men, ihe Spanish tegro being very well satisfied with his shine. Due row sent many fluttering messages to Aurelia and myself, and particularly begged the capt- iin to compliimnt me in his name on my taste in t-hirts, and to inform me had never worn anything choicer in the way of linen. 1 confessed wo both begrudged the rogues the «pparel they had come by. . I know that Aurelia' s and mv ouifit had enst me a round sum of money, and that she had left enough dresses and other clothing behind her to huve furnished her with a trousseau. It was 18 months before I heard from Rio, by which time i had arrived at the conclusion that either my cousin Alexander was dead, or that he hated me too violently to put pen to paper. Aurelia believed that death was the reason of his silence. He had died, she believed, of grief, and I was heartily glad, for my own sake as .much as for my wife's, when one morning I received a letter from him ; for I may as well nay oer r notion that he had died of a broken heart was the cause of many fits of melancholy in her, which rendered me a little peevish with jealousy ; so that, had Alexander not written, there nught b'y and by have come some little unhappiness into my married life. He began by saying that he hud made up his mind not to write to' me at all. He had hated me consumedly ' f or months after reading my letter, and wott'd have been \- pleased to kill me, only that the voyage home was too tedious and expensive an undertaking tor so two Denny an issue. News of the Iron Crown having been found abandoned and in a wrecked condition hud reached him . before be got my letter, and he concluded that Aurelia and I were at the bottom of the sea. He had written home to the owners of the brig for information, but his inquiries remained unanswered. His getting my letter, Kb said, was like receiving a missive from the other ?' world, and he swore that before he 'was one-third -? through it he heartily wished that it had come from the ? ott.er world, and from the deepest and meat fiery part i of it too, for to that place did his temper consign me at every lull-stop he came to. Of Aurelia he desired to gav nothing. Women were rent into, the world to make foul* of men, Bnd not even old age hindered the ' most of them from struggling on in fulfilment of this ' mission. But a woman could sometimes make as great a fool of a man by marrying him an by jilting him. For many months be had been wondering which of us two— meaning himself and me— was the more deserving ? of compassion, but now he was no longer in doubt, and he could only hope I wai happy, he was sure. Aurelia was a beautiful woman, and he had been very, much in love wit h her ; but after all beauty is but skin deep. And then, ajraiji, people's feelings 'change wonderfully. Time converts ^te- loveliest face into a mask, and of ten into a very ugly one; and how swift is the flight of/ jtime! Weclasjj a beautiful creature to our heart, and *~ when »he lifts faer lace from our bosom, lo ! we find the afigel of Time has been with her, and 'tis all. pucker, and rheum, crows'rfeet, eauragereurls, and the £eobe knows what besides! As to the durability of sentiment — Stop '. he'd give me a yarn. He was at a funeral last year. A young wife had died, and the husband was inconsolable. His grief at the grave- side was terrible to witares. -Hia trioo&a; had to grasp-hint - by the arms and coat-tails to hinder him from precipi tating himself into die yawninir cha*m when die coffin was lowered into it. He wept, lie howled, he lore his hair, he t-hoofc his fisisat the sky, and asked with streaming eyes what he h*d dune to deserve this dr. ad ful affliction. This emotion was sincere down to the very heels of it. 'Four months later,' addfd my cousin, ?? I received up. imitation to his wedding '' 'And now,' continued the letter, 'bhho I have wide up my mind to write, I' may as well give you and Mrs. Musgrave all the news. --Will you ask your wife if she remembers Isabella itatfeJlnVf No doubt she does. Mr. lladoliffe and Mr.^Jrantmere. J. believe, friends, but u coolnu«s sprang- up between iheui some time before the hitter left Ilio. Though Isabella has not the good fortune to have Spanish blood in her, being indeed purely Hngli-h. and eminently gifted with her countrywoman's noblest quality— the grand chiirac terisiic of the- entirely British *lass— I mean loyalty, Dick; she is exceedingly beautiful, nevertheless. Her ??eyes-are violet, richly fringed, hw hair auburn, rarest of tints ; there is nothing ma jesiic and stately about her; she is merely lovalJe, plump, fragranf, svrtet to *? Fip. 1. ^Perspective View of Fahm Creasiest. see and to hearken lo, with to f xq'iisitc a coutr.ilto voice that everybody calls it a fortune to her. Her ' papa isdend.'and his will appoints that the sum of1 £8000 is to be settled upon her when she marries, pro viding that (-he does with her mother's consent, pre suming of cou^e tbe mother to be Jiving. The inother is living, and I have her consent, and perhaps soino of the.se days I may have the pleasure of introducing the pretrie.-t woman that was ever .ceen in South America to Mr. and Mrs. Musgrave. ? Happily she resides at Rio, so 1 shall not be obliged toasfi any relative to bring her to me. De g.-ed enough, when you nest ' Fig. 2^— Ground Plan ojp Fabm Cbeaheky. ? write, to let me know, what I owe youifor Mrs. Mus grave's o-tBt, and for the hire of the cabins of the ship you embarked in. .; Convey my kind 'regards to your wife, and believe ine, my dear Dick, '?'5 Yours very truly, '?? ::-:? 'Aljes^Frazb.' PoorAlec! :'' :' ! Yet this letter; magically cleared our home atmo sphere. There were no more melancholy references to my cousin's broken heart I have drunk many a bottle with Dick since, and he is godfather to- my second boy, and Aurelia in godmother to his third girl. So parses the procession of life across the -stage of the world.; 1 had advanced but a fewtfeps, so to speak, on the boards ; when this experience 1 have written about befell tiie, Mysirafe and I were young, our hearts hada strorigbeat, the sun was yet in the eastern heavens, his light very glorious, and the land fair and gay with flowers; and now I am hobbling off within a few paces of the dnrk wing- whose shadow, when the actor has entered it, shrondfl him for ever from the gaze of the company that sitrM^tching the show. But the western t-adiance still lingew, ihe dusk has not yet fallen, and my wife and I, though our clasped hands, tremble with the infirmities of age. still walk id Baoshine, finding cheerfulness iu the lingering lustre, thoiigh we know it to be waning faet. . ? The End. 