33ALLEX A3STD MACLEAY. Ii1 was a more than commonly happy coin* cidence which brought us in the same cable* gram the announcement of the simultaneous though differing in degree public honour accorded to Mr. Dalle/ and Mr,, now Sir 'William, Macleay. friends through life as few men are mends, in tame they are not divided, and ao we are sure that Mr. Dalley would have desired no higher recogni tion of his services to the Empire than a record in England's 'Walhalla beside the mighty names of Nelson and Wellington, ao we know ho would have rejoiced at this tardy tribute to the grand qualities and, as he would have put it, even higher ser vices of his friend. We know we are quite justified in saying that if there was a man for whom (with perbapo one exception, the late Professor JBadham) Mr. Dalley cherished a feeling of more than friendship, of strong personal affection, it was this strong, stern, self-contained, somewhat unapproachable man, who, a lamb, or whatever may best stand for all that is gentle and generous, to thos9 who won his liking or regard, was, at any rate in earlier years, a very lion in the path to those who did not. It would be impossible, we think, lo express better in a few words the difference between the Assembly of thafc day and the Assembly of this than by simply ? saying that these two men were members of the former one. Imagine either of them as they then were — the brilliant, dashing light swordoinan who ' pinked' his adversary, as has been said of him, with ' lightning stroke so keen. The foe was pierced bei'ore the blade was seen,' or tho stern ' ScottiGh Chief' sort of war rior who, not content with cleaving his enemy with heavy claymore to the chine, trampled on him afterwards, if he did not ignominiously kick him off the field — fancy either or thosa men in hia prime member o£ iho present one ! Tharo waa a cool, remorse less, relentless severity — we had almost said malignity, except that it was always re served for worthy subjects — in much of Mr. Macleay 's Parliamentary speech, which, ex cept, perhaps, by liis other friend, ' the vitriolic Porster, made to sting/' vre nave ; never heard equalled. He was never . elo ; quent, but he was always clear and terse ; j while hiu fine manly presence, the very 1\. ideal of a bold, brave gentleman, added j force to the manly scorn which ho v/aa wont i to pour out on everything moan and low, narrow or bigoted, or publicly or privately dishonourable. Honour, in fact, v?ao his standard, as it must be every true man's, in public life or private, and next to honour, courage, aa ho proved oa many occasions, besides that memorable march, Tranter rifle ia hand, with bushrangers to right and to left of him, to the inn on the G-oulburii road, where a well directed ijhot ran;-,' ilia knell o!i that partieu ? lar form oi: crime in INTevv South 'Wales, 'We have heard the story oi that exploit ver]r unwillingly from his own lips, when, cl course, he made nothing of it, but there is no doubt that it did more to break up that literal ' reign of terror' which many of us can remember than all the efforts of the gallant Captain M'Lerie and his officers and men, brave aa almost uniformly unfortunate they were. Irishmen and Catholics will not forget either the notable service which with hia Mend Mr. Dailey he rendered to them and the country in break* ing up and exposing that almost equally criminal conspiracy against, not only their fair fame, but their rights .and liberties, known in history, to the eternal execration oi all good men, ao the ' Kiama Ghost' mystery. It follows that he has never, any more than his friend, been amongst the ad mirers oil that man of many mysteries who was oolely responsible for that one, and one fact may be taken aa certain that in the several schedules of misplaced confidence in that hon. gentle man which from time to time have been pub lished for the general edification, ia to be found neither his name nor that of his late right hon. friend, But, indeed, there are many passages in his earlier career which some people at any rate will never forget — .not, for instance, the two foot»pada in the Domain, who, thoroughly mistaking their man, having inconsiderately ' stuck-up' the ; hon. gentleman, first found their respective heads well- knocked together, and then them selves hauled bodily, ens in each strong grip as of a small crushing- machine, to the watch-house, nor the (now) learned Judge, who, we are sure^ has not forgotten his en forced rapid exit on one occasion down the steps of the Assembly, for which indignity he Waa afterwards at the Sydney Petty Sessions adjudged the substantial damages of 21s and costs. Of the services which since his compara tive retirement from public life Sir 'William Macleay had tendered to the colony we need not speak, if only- that hs is himself the last man who would wish them spoken of, and that in any case they are here permanently to speak for themselves. His monument for ever with us and with our children's children will be the Macleay Museum and the muni. cent provision he baa made for the prosecu. . tion by generations to come of his favourite study, natural history. Hero his dear, dead friend, who liked butterflies ever so much better fluttering amongst his flowers in the open air than m a glass case, and could no more have 'impaled' a beetle than (except oratorically) he could a fel low-creature, had perhaps little sympathy with him, though of course fully conscious and appreciative of the noble service which in his devotion to that branch of science and his splendid liberality he was rendering to the country. But in the great act of Mr. Dalley'e life, the deed which won him at the time world-wide fame and now wins him the unparalleled honour at the hands of his Eng lish countrymen of a memorial tablet in St. Paul's, it is something to know that he had the fullest sympathy of this gallant, true hearted gentleman, when we find it churl ishly mentioned by come of his own country . men as only a service to the Empire.. Well, . it is too late in the day to discuss here and now the Soudan Expedition. Like the Battle of Waterloo, it is one of the world's great facts, and unquestionably, bo far as the history of this (till then) somewhat out-of- the-way part of the world is con* ? cerned, about the most important fact in it. Why, the very 'national spirit,' which those scribes who are now so ready to depreciate Mr. D alley's great deed are everlastingly prating about, dates from that fact. Have they forgotten how his one voice spoke the whole heart of the country at the time, . from one end of Australia to the other? _ It was a supreme time, of courr.y, not the time ? for psnny newspapers and twaddling no bodies and nothings to bo heard, but just -''the time for a patriotic man of genius to in terpret and put into action, which was nil that 'Mr. D alley did, the people's heart. If such a time should come again, as it probably ': .will, we have little doubt that the ' great heart of the people' will bo found much as Mr. Dalley found it. Our only doubt ia that it may not find as fearless and true an interpreter, ? 