OUR PARIS LETTER, From Ocr Correspondent. PARIS, 2nd November. Good news for the boys, and that may obviate their striking — in the collective sense. M. Greard is perhaps the first among the leading practical educationists in tho country. Ho has been pained at tho poor results attending such punishment inflicted on pupils as con finement, extra lossons, and similar brake-; on boyhood happiness. Ho has tried a system of check - conduct books, between the lycoum aud parents and guardians. In this tell tale book the pupil's marks aro recorded, followed by the opinion of tho rector. When the record is bad, tho parents aro invited themselves to inflict tho punishment. Tho latter generally takes tho form of tho suppression of somo expected pleasure. If a day scholar, say, no visit to a theatre, a circus or a Barnuin show ; reduction or complete stoppage of tips; prohibition to attend a juvenile soire<, Ac. Tho new depar ture has given satisfaotiou, and iu this age of coercion tho results all rouud havo been salu tary. The death bed of the Exhibition is being surrounded with all tho solemnities extended to a great departure. As in tho case of beggars, when they die, no comoU aro seen, so with tho extinction of exhibitions. Indeed, to confess tho truth, tho heavens do not blaze much on tho death of princes; 1789 has reacted on ovon astronomy. Ono cannot help feeling sorry that the great democratic inter national has to bow to fate. It is not the first thing of beauty that lias ceased to bo a joy for ever. It has douo its work ; like genius, cut ofl in its prime, it will remain tho longer green in the souL But is wa3 so gay, so pleasant; tho thousands of Eiffel Tower up-turned faces from all parts of the world looked so delighted ; seemed to express no cares boyond the day. No Bound of politicians ham mering ono another was heard ; tho din of European armamonts was drowned by the falling variegated gems of the lumin ous fountains ; oreu people with thoir names on bills must really have forgotten that such paper would ever arrive at maturity. Tho summer, too, was so exceptionally lovely ; no where wero you forced to study or to Learn. Knowledge flowed into tho mind unconsciously ; new ideas and notions wafted themselves to root-. You were only expected to cat, drink and bo merry. Tho visitor retired with tho conviction that after all life was worth living for. Proof : Thero have been 50 per cent, less suicides during tho summer season just expired than vital statistics have ever before recorded. Judge still of tho struggle for life—not Baudot's, but humanity's— the pawn offices nover were so besieged with pledges as now. "NVhen the sheds, the cabins, the KraaU and other heterogeneous annexes shall have been cleored away by tho Fifth Monarchy men, who havo received orders to commence on the morning of tho 7th tho work of demolition, nearly all that is truly artistic and really useful of tho Exhibition buildings per se will remain, tut permanent as tho Eiffel Tower and tho fairy fountains. Galleries will bo utilised, the grounds re- laid out, fresh attractions imported, and a diamond edition of the 1889 Kerraesso will be ready for opening on Mayday next. But the cosmopolitan multitudes will be gono ; tho furore to como and see will havo spent its force. Tho Eiffel Tower Company expect to have tho concession to oxploifc tho Champ do Mars as a gardon park, a congorie of museums, and a concentration of attractive f£tes. Tho company that has just paid off its shares at par, after ono season's receipts, may well bo entrusted with M striking ilo" again. Tho prizo losers havo not taken their fate philosophically. They havo held an indignation meeting, calling all tho gods, great and small, to witness how tho jurors wero incapable, intriguers and next to arrant knaves. And only think, if theso samo jurors had but awarded any of tho discontented o prixo they would be hailod as Daniels oomo to judgment. Like Lusurquea in tho Courier of Xyoiw, the indignationists denounced tho judges to pos terity. Having been assured it would bo peril ous to prink tho allegations without sound proof, tho protests were confined to tho sound and fury standard. It is exasperating to think that while somo oxhibitors wero undergoing heartaoho ot not being recompensed— though many wero called aud many ohoson— threo oxhi bitors wore made Knights of tho Legion of Honor who had been for years iu tho enjoyment of that same honor It is as bad as dccoratingan individual who has been incinerated for six months — as has occurred. \- If somo solid representative of tho political world doe3 not como forward with a tangible, practical aud common senso programme to catch a majority in tho new Chamber in timo the present Parliament is doomed to become ns use less and as unpopular. as its predecessor. The Houso outlook is anything but inviting. Thero aro soundings to homo to attack adversaries, but the summonses to concentrate for national, patriotic and unselfish duty aro few. Two neuralgic questions are down for immediate treatment — a new loan — to square accumulated budgetary deficiencies and other financial Kick shaws, and next tho Banquo'a ghost — Tonquin. Like Frankenstein's monster, that "take" cannot be suppressed. To make matters worse, not a franc, in the .shape of a grant, will be voted to make Tonquin blossom like tho rose. And then, dark, mysterious and signficant rumors arrive from Tunisia, that that ancient granary of the ancient world is far from yielding about, per shent. on the investment. As to foreign affairs, Europo is now so pletho rically armed that a war to case the congestion is all that is to bo expected. Russia has over done hor kindness byfiooding the metropolis with Grand Dukes. People commenco to ask, do they do duty iiko an army on the stage t The Freuch aro slowly but surely commencing to pcrceiro that there is no balm in Gilcad for them in Holy Russia. It has been discovered that there is one spot in Europe undefended — tho Principality of Monaco. To whom docs it belong ; to France or to Italy ? Tho fact is certain, ita neutrality is not guaranteed by any power, and since Mar shal do Moltkc said that tho Rock could, in certain eventualities, have a stratcgetical value, Monaco, if it desires to maintain iU indepen dence, like San Marino or Andorra, must pre pare its defences. Tho European army list attri butes to the principality: 1 general, commanding in chief ; 1 lieutenant, 2 sergeants, 1 drummer, 1 corporal and 13 rank and file. That i-> tho army on its peaco footing ; it could bo doubled in the event of mobilisation. And so long 03 the gold and the rakes rattle on tho gaming tables Monaco will be able to support her war budget. Tho Prince of Monaco bos just been married to the Duchess do Richelieu, a widow. The civil ceremony took place in the mayoralty of tho eighth arrondissement. The mayor in person applied tho codo, and that dono, bestowed on tho pair his secular benediction. This comprised thanking the prince for selecting France wherein to bo wedded, and congratulating him on tho creditable appearance Monaco made at the Exhibition. This flummery bespattered, ho reminded the brido of her ' 4 elevation" to the rank of princess, and hoped her hand would be open as day to melting charity. The mayor ignores that In France the daughter of a duchess i by courtesy a prinoess ; so mamma comes down a step in tho aristocratic ladder by marrying the sovereign of the gambling tables. So Mahomet is not to bo Btaged. M. deBernicr, tho only man in this year of grace, porhaps, who believes in tragedy, worked up the Prophet for the footlights. The Turkish ambassador protested ok Moslem faith being so exploited, add hinted the clangors France incurred in Algerria, by provoking the Infidels, perhaps setting tho Ottoman world in a blaze. M. do Beruier has neither said yes nor no, but improves the occasion, by poking his caudidature for tho vacant immortalitt at tho Academy caused by the death of Emil Augier. Mahomet willnotnowbobroughfe out at the Comedio Frau?aUe, nor at any other ; State subsidisedhouBe. Then France poysl00,000 f. a year to support the Mahometan Chureh in Algeria. So mattersare changed since tho timo VoltAire represented his tragedy of Mahomet, and played the rattling joke on the French Ca tholics, who hissed it off the stage, by getting the Tope to accept tho dedication, which his Holiness did, and with pleasure into tho barg ain. Gregory XVI is accused of reading Paul do Kock'a novels cachette. Many people express surprise at Dr. Ricord only bequeathing 10,000 f. to the poor of Pari, a city where he must havo harvested millions during bis 70 years' practice. Ho left 10,000 f. each to two schools of medicine, to found " Ricord " biennial prizes, with the accumulated interest. Endow a college or a cat, says Pope ; build a house, plant a tree or , recommends Sterne, if you desire to bo remembered till the crack o' doom. Tho faot about Ricord is this ; he gambled all the fees he earned, and he was really only allowed a certain sum by his cre ditors for pocket monoy. They impounded his earnings, and paid all his domestic expenses. Although Ricord moved in the highest society, and was everywhere welcomed for his wit, gravely dolivercd and often gauloise , yet ho always confessed ho never was happier nor enjoyed bettor health than when as practitioner commencing life ho was glad to mount to a man- sard, to prescribo for a patient, pockoting his 3 f. feo with gratitude, and then off to expend it at a modest restaurant in a meal for himself and his brother. Alphonse Daudot still persists in behoving ho is a dramatist. Somohow Daudot has boon going erratically sinco ho published his dirty book, Sappho— when tho world was so full of alean subjects to handle. Ho has just brought out a drama, whoso success consists in tbo platitude title, the Luttc pour ia Vie Tho " Struggle for life "is as old as Adam, or may oven be traced to Dr. Croll's ago of tho world, 60,000,000 of years. Tho drama was a failure, thouhg Daudot must havo expended boads of perspira tion as long as falling hair to organiao the puffs preliminary. Tho most serious matter about tho picco is that the plot has boon taken, body And bones, from M. Camilla Lo Senno's Train Papidc, publishod in 1883. This is shabby, tho moro so, as Daudot makes maters worse by uglily wriggling out of tho charge of piracy. Ho ought to imi- tato Sardou, who docs not hesiiato to ap propriate or to absorb plot, brains and phrasoa, whonover it suits him, alleging that ho has the right to utilise what's good where ho finds it, aud that those from whom he has prigged were only priggers themselves from predeco330t»« Author live on authors ; this explains the con fraternity of letters. The Chemin dc fer de VE&t; has tho unen viable notoriety of having its waggons being con stantly robbed. A now thief detector is being at present experimented. Tho waggon doors are connected, by means of a telegraphic wir% with a Mandarin gong close to tho guard's scat The moment a door of a waggon opens the gong strikes up a ding- dong that would frighten away Dick Turpin himself. The last act of tho late Chamber was a pater nal one. It consisted in liberating the father of seven legitimate or legitimatised living chil dren from paying all State taxes, even were hia position so poor that r.o tax collector over dark ened hU door. An agitation is now spriuging up that, in tho case of parents who havo eight and more doxies, that the State shall hear tha expenses of rearing the budding patriots. Thia is only the doctrine of J. J. Rou-'scau,, who advocated that tho Stato ought to erect baby hou.ies throughout tho land, whore all children should be reared in common, and at the expense of the taxpayers. Ho himself acted on his philosophy, as he quartered hia progeny on tho parish. Thi3 step apparently Iefc his "wife" without anything to do, so she ran away with the ostler, and the philosopher, to terminate his grief, blew out his brains. Monarchs do not fight due!?, for kings can do tio wrong. However, M. Debidour relates that at the 1814 Congress of Vienna, the Czar Alexander I. was so wrath against blotter- nick that he would not speak to him, and had decided to call him out, till the news of Napo leon's escapo from Elba called out all tho assembled diplomatists. A wrinkle for vine growers. M. A. Rommer announces that common, tasteless wines can be given the bouquet or flavor of tho choicest brands if fermented with the ferment peculiar to theso brands. Pasteur has demonstrated that beer, when fermented with tho ferment of wine, smells winy. Beef cut with a hammy knifo acquires the flavor of ham. No difficulty now iu laying down a cellar of Lafitto, Margcaux, &a;, with petit bleu for the raw material. Once ak Berlin, I caught a restaurateur manufacturing a brand to order ; he put a label, with tho name ot a notable brand on a bottle of ordinary wine, aud hep, prato, the transformation without any ferment save some unscriptural language ahot at him. 31\. Langraiul was the working man's candi date for one of the divisions of St. Quentin, at the late general elections. He was beaten as ha said by a "bloated capitalist." Langrand has jint, in the presence of 2909 electors who voted for him, after drinking a bottle of wine, entered a cage of six lions, with the professional tamer, and had a short Ute-d-t'te with tha wild beasts. He came out unhurt, and has defied his successful rival to imitate him. It is not a bad way to quash an election, or to create a vacancy for a seat in Parliament. This is tho season for rheumatism. Throw flannels and send frictions to the dogs. " The only cure," say? the Austrian, Dr. Tore, "is what I practise." Ho employs busy bees to sting tho part affected. The venom will inooulate tho blood like vaccino, and will remain effieaciouo during seven months ; the first sting enablea subsequent ones to be rcccivod with impunity During seven years thedootor has thus opcratod on 173 patients, who received a total of 39,000 stings. Gentle reader, if a martyr to the ailments, improve the shining hour ; and in these times ot agricultural depression it is consoling to know that there is monoy to be mode in beo farming, where pecuniarily tho Bting is "sweeter thaa honey or the honeyoomb." 