SWIMMING NOTES. (Bt ' Natatob.') The Rood people of that ' sleepy hollow,' Parramatta, awoke from their uaual dot mint state on Wednesday evening last, and held a swimming carnival for the looal hoapibila benefit. The oommittae's appeal to business people and others for trophies was responded to in a most astonishing fathion, in taot, so plentiful were the 'pots' and medals that event, aid in two or throe inatanoes a single I winner received two artloles of mora than average value. The officers were t— Starter, Mr. T. J. Brennan ; referees, Messrs. W. F. Corbett and A. Bany ; olerk of the oourae, Mr. I. Garland; hon. Beoretary and treasurer, Mr. , J. H. Murray, jnnr. Mr. E. J. Love, one of the oommittee, de serves great praise for the Trojan-like manner in whioh he worked, _ both before aad during the night upon whioh the aaraiv«l took plaoe. Hia gonial manner, energy and general bon homme would be a tower of strength to any branch of athletics. Tho hon. Beoretary, Mr. J. H. Murray, is also entitled to a great deal of the kudoos attaohed to the Buccoaeful result of the Parramatta's first swimming exhibition. He laboured day and night, nnd left no stone unturned to bring the affair to a satisfactory issue. Half-an-hour after proceedings oommenoed there oould nothavebeen less than 800 people in the building, the majority of whom were ladies, and I am informed that money had to be refueed at the doors. The hospital should consequently reoeive a substantial and maoh needed addition to its funds. The swimming space in the baths is 12SCt long, but, for the sake of convenience, 100ft was roped off, thus necessitating three laps to every 100yds. The water presented a very uninviting appearanoe, being of a dark-rei clayey colour, so that it was impossible to see an inch under the surfaoe. Thoao who engaged in the diving contest must have had a merry time of it. Of tho swimming very little oan be said, aa, with tho exoeption of one or two instances it* woe hardly up to tho average. Mr. A. L. Graham, of the P.J.S.C., aa toniehed the looal talent by appropriating the all-comers' 300yds. event with the greatest of esse ; this, too, in face of the fact that the event, whioh was billed as a soratoh raoe, was made a handicap at the poBt, aud Mr- Graham had to givo a considerable start to eaoh of his opponents, bat, as matters tamed ont, the handicap oould have been doubled and the result would have baea just the same. Mr. Matsoh won the Amateur Champion Bhip of Parramatta, diBtanoe 200yds. He swam a very peouliar course all through, but, notwithstanding this drawback, easily out stripped the others, and had a very soft thing to the end. The prizo for the 'neatest header' was contested for by ten competitors, eaoh of whom had three tries. After the third round, Mr. Corbett, who acted as judge, awarded first prize to Mr. B. Clews, and as Messrs. Unison andFletoherhad tied for seoond plaoe they eaoh took another header, with the result that Matson waB awarded second and Fletcher third poaition. At least four of those who competed had not tho remotest idea of the way to take a header. One man wont iu all of a heap, aa if he had been pushed by some person behind. Another fell fiat on the surface, ond a third wont clean over on His. back. Of course these little episodes ciusad a lot of fun among the onlookers, but I can not understand why men make such aases of themsplves by entering for a oontest that their own intelligence must tell them tli9y haven't a ghost of a ohance of winning. ' During the evening Messrs. Corbett and Parkinson gave one of their olever exhibi tions, and although a great drawback was experienoed through tho muddy colour of the water preventing anything done under the Bnrface being seen by those above, each trick was reoeived with loud applause. The smoking and Mr. Parkinson's feat of un dressing under water were particularly suc cessful, as was also the answering of crea tions asked by people among the audienae Another difficulty the performers had to con tend with was the faot that they were in fresh water, and being aoouatomed to the briny artiole, the difference in buoyancy was considerably felt. Next Saturday afternoon Mr. Born, of the Newtown Baths, will hold the first series of swimming contests ever held in that suburb. The programme is a long and attractive one, inoluding such events as Distanoe Diving, All-comers' Baces, best manner aud style of rescuing drowning people, Boys' Baoea, Ladies' Baces, Tub Baces, &o.; The entries inclndo moat of our beBt BwimmerB, aud tho total number of competitors ia very large. Messrs. Corlett and Parkinson will also give an exbibitioa of citing, drinking, and smoking under water, aa woll as many other feats. A Newtown Swimming Club will be formed that a! tori con, and arrangements made for a pubiio meetiig during the following week for tho purpose of electing officers and putting the affair on a sound footing. Tho membeis of the Port Jaokson Swimming Club havo docided to hold thoir autumn ir cotiEg en or about April 17 next, when an unnmnJly attnfMvn programme will be negotiated and valuable prize3 given for eaoh event. Full particulars may be looked for next week. 