-A Tale of the Commune. 0CHAPTER XXIX. WIIILE Valnoir and Taupier were quarrelling over the property of t~heir victim, Rende de Saint Senier was dufering the moist poignant anxiety. Soon after her interview with Pile vert, she saw the lurid glare of incen diary fires lighting up the heavens. For four evenings in succession she watched the conflagration from a dis taice, but great as was the horror in sepired by the heinous crimes of the communists, it was not the fate of her country's capital that troubled her most. On the contrary, she was continually asking herself if the man she loved was still living in the midst of that fiery furnace. As soon as she learned that the troops had succeeded in gaining .an ientrance into the city, she .endeavoured in every possible way to obtain some snews of him, but all her letters and messages proved unavailing. The struggle was still going on in the streets, and the privileged few -who obtained permission to enter the c:,ity found it well-nigh impossible to leave it again. : Renee, consequently, was impati ently awaiting the day when she her "self would be allowed to visit the captial, and hearing, on the following Sunday morning, that the insurrection :was virtually crushed, and that her :intended journey would become practi : cable in a day or two, the girl hastily concluded her preparations for depar ture, and then, partly to while away ' the tedious hours of waiting, and Spartly from a very natural curiosity to see the place where her brother had .been the victim of an infamous con spiracy; she decided to pay a visit to ':the giant oak. ::,Pilevert had been asked to serve as :their guide on this pilgrimage; and ''on the afternoon of the day that was ito be the last of her exile, Rende hired a light carriage, and with Pilevert on 'the seat opposite her, and Landreau !.acting as driver, started for the Etoile -du thene Capitaine. SThe air was mild, and the blue sky w!ias distinctly visible through the branches. 'Fine weather this,' remarked Pile vert, merely for the sake of saying something, for he seemed both flat ?tered and embarrassed by the honor c:onferred upon him. But Renee did not seem to hear the jthe commonplace remark. 'Are we far from the spot?' she :.inquired, with evident emotion. ;* 'It won't take us more than half :i:an hour at the very longest to reach it now,'replied Pilevert. 'I travelled oiver this very road the other day, "after I found the box, and I am secire lthat we are not more than three or !four miles from the tree.' Just as he gave her this assurance, ~the carriage reached the entrance to another road, and Landreau, who was diiriving, suddenly stopped his horses, uttering a cry of surprise as he did so. Renee leaned out of the carriage to see what had caused the evclamation. She saw nothing, but the old game hkeeper had already leaped from the box, and was now running down the other road as fast as his legs would carry him. .i.... r.. a was quite as much iastonishLd as Mile. de Saint Senier, manifested his surprise in incoherent exclamat oas. To these his companion ?'Vaid little or no attention, however. jghe was too much engaged in listen ing to the joyful exclamations that seemed to come from a short distance down the road. i:Rende thought she recognised the voice of the person with whom Tan dreau was conversing, and her agita tion was so great that she was unable to open the carriage door. While her trembling hand was still upon -the handle, the bushes on the road iside parted, and a man sprung toward fthe carriage. ::'It was Roger, pale with emotion -Roger, safe and sound. ?: His betrothed forgot the long days ?of anguish and the nights of despair trough which she had passed; she -:even forgot her usual reserve, and threw her arms rapturously about her ousin's neck. :I Landreau watched the meeting with t~e~ars of joy in his eyes. 2 Ah ! my lieutenant! ; he exclaimed. \- I:J knew that you would prove too ?oever for the scoundrels, and that I i?h~ould see you again sooner or later.' '? Thanks, my friend,' said Roger. *'! I managed to escape them, but I d::id think for awhile that I should never see you again.' ' 'You have passed through count :,less dangers, I am sure,' murmured :Ren~e. '? Yes, and had it not been for the devotion of our little friend, I should not be alive to-day,' said Roger, feel .ingly 'Our little friend!' repeated Mile. : de Saint Senier, bewildered. ' Yes, Regina, Regina, who threw :: herself between me and the wretches who were trying to take my life.' ' But she is alive and well, is she Snoti' asked Rende, anxiously. Then, receiving no reply, 'She is a prisoner, or wounded, perhaps,' she added. ' Sho is dead,' answered Saint Senter. 'She died with your name upon her lips, and, just before she breathed her last, she handed me this ' Ren6e took it with a trembling hand. SIt is addressed to me,' she mur mured, glancing at the envelope. 'Yes, it was to you that she gave her last thought,' said Roger. He had not forgotten the confession .that escaped Regina at the final moment, but he could not repeat it, not even to the woman he loved. MIlle. do Saint Senier had opened the letter, but she was ~too deeply asg;itated to decipher the fine, close hrndwriting. '.Read it to me,' she said, handing Lt back to Roger. The young nian complied in a voice that was at time almost inaudible from emotion. 'I have a presentiment that 1 am about to die, and I am anxious that those who received and protected me should know the melancholy story of my life. ' 'Ir am alone in the world, and to escape a bitter enemy of my father's -a man who brought dishonour upon our name-I was obliged to flee from the only asylum left me, and assume a disguise for which I have often blushed. 'Can my benefactress forgive me for having feigned dumbness in order to more effectually elude the pursuit of my persecutors? Besides, I took a solemn oath not to speak until I had unmasked the wretch whose machinations made me an orphan. 'If I succumb in the struggle, I intrust the work of avenging me to the noble young girl who so genc rously befriended me, and I entreat her not to refuse the souvenir I here bequeath to her.' Roger paused, surprised at finding in this letter only a rather vague ex pression of gratitude. But the reason of this soon became apparent. The envelope contained several other papers. Upon one was written the last will and testament of Gabrielle de Noirval, who made Mile. Ren6e de Saint Senier her sole legatee. The others contained a full account of her adventures, and designated the place where the casket stolen by Tau pier was buried-the casket that Regina had seen him conceal on the day of the duel, and that the Prus sians had prevented her from recover ing. 'At the foot of the giant oak,' said Roger, thoughtfully, as he concluded his perusal of the papers. CHAPTER XXX. Night was approaching, and the shadows of evening were already descending upon the large trees of the clearing where Louis de Saint Senier had fallen a victim to his opponent's bullet. Valnoir and Taupier had spent nearly all the day in a dense thicket, from which they did not dare to emerge until nearly twilight, but the hunchback, who had spent a good deal of time in this locality, seemed to have no difficulty in finding his way through the forest. Valnoir followed him mechanically. He had not spoken a dozen words since they started, and overcome with remorse and fatigue, he seemed to have grown gmore than ten years older in the past week. Taupier, on the contrary; seemed in the best of spirits as he plodded along, whistling the popular airs of the day, and his repulsive face had not lost its usual mocking expression. A few hundred yards from the Etoile .du Chene Capitaine, on the side of a lonely path, they came across one of the boxes in which the labourers employed in the forest keep their tools. The boards that covered it offered very little resistance to the united efforts of Taupier and his companion, who broke it open without the slightest scruple, and selected two heavy ;jtdea from its contents. 'We must make haste now,' said Taupier, as he shouldered his spade. 'We have only just enough daylight left to find the place.' They traversed the cleatig with a rapid step, and they scarcely reached the foot of the tree when the hunch. back, pointinga aslight inequality in the soil, exclaimed: ' There it is !' Without losing a second, he pulled off his coat,. spat upon his hands as if he had been a labourer all his life, and seizing his spade, exclaimed: 'Come, let's to work! We must have what we are after in five minutes, at the longest.' Valnoir did not seem to hear him. Leaning on his spade, he stood gazing abstractedly at one end of the clearing, murmuring: 'Over there, it was over there that he fell!' Taupier's only response was a sneei~. 'I can still see him lying on the grass with his ghastly face, and his hand covered with the blood that was pouring from his breast.' ' Say, did you come here merely to play tragedy?' exclaimed the hunch back, shaking him roughly by the arm. 'Don't touch me. You fill me with horror !' 'I think you must have gone mad. I do upon my word !' 'No,' replied Valnoir, in a tone so low as to be scarcely audible, ' I am not mad; I am afraid.' 'Afraid of what ?' Of ghosts ?' 'I don't know, but I am afraid.' ' You certainly are an arrant coward,' said Taupier, scornfully. ' It isn't worth while to be born a gentleman and be called the Count de Noirval, if one is going to act in this way.' 'I forbid you to utter a name that belonged to my father-to my father who also died a violent death,' he added, in ahollow voice. 'Look here!' exclaimed the hunch back with a sudden change of tone. 'I really pity you; and while you are concluding your elegy, I'll go to work. You can take my place when I gpt tired.' And without waiting for any reply he made a vigorous attack upon the ground with his spade, and the soil yielded with a readiness that must have excited his suspicions, for he growled between his set teeth: Zounds! one would think this ground had been stirred lately.' Nevertheless, he did not pause in his work, but continued to wield the spade with feverish energy. Valnoir, leaning against the tree, watched him without appearing really conscious of what he was doing. .The sturdy hunchback displayed such zeal that in less than ten minutes he had made an excavation of very considerable depth: and ae the soil offered more and more resistance as he proceeded, he became more and more sanguine of success. Influenced by this belief undoubt edly, he paused, wiped the perspira tion from his forehead, and stelpped out of the hole, remarking 'It is now your turn, my friend. Your blues must have passed off by this time, and we haven't a minute to lose.' Valnoir still seemed loath to accept the invitation. 'Don't be afraid; I'll soon relieve you,' remarked Taupier. 'I don't want you to blister your lily- white hands; Rose wouldn't like it.' It was perhaps this foolish jest that induced the editor-in-chief of the e'r intecau, to take his subordinate's place. At all events, he leaped into the hole and began to dig, bending low over his spade, like a man unaccustomed to manual labour. Taupier was directly behind him. With a movement quicker than thought itself he lifted his spade with both hands so as to give greater power to the blow. Valnoir was leaning over, and could not see what was going on behind him. Suddenly the heavy spade descended upon his head with the rapidity of lightning, and Rose de Charmidre's unfortunate lover with a shattered skull fell face downward into the hole. The hunchback stood on the edge of the hole for a moment gazing down with dry eyes at the motionless form of this man who had been his friend; then his hideous mouth con tracted to give vent to a burst of dia bolical laughter. Then brandishing his spade he added: 'The race of Noirvals will trouble me no more. I began to exterminate it on the barricade in the Faubourg du Temple in June, 1848. After waiting for twenty-three years I certainly have a right to their inherit ance.' Pulling the body out of the hole Taupier resumed his work with such feverish eagerness that the excavation rapidly increased in depth. 'It is very strange,' muttered the scoundrel after several minutes of arduous toil, 'but it seems to me that the box was not buried so deep as this.' He continued his work, however, but with the same want of success; and after a quarter of an hour he was obliged to admit to himself that the box had disappeared. On coming to this conclusion the hunchback uttered a growl of rage, threw aside his spade, and clambered up out of the hole. It is more than probable that a feeling of remorse seized him now the first that had ever visited this hardened heart. Al his carofully made plans had come to niaught, and Taupier found himself confronted by his ghastly crime-a crime, too, which had been worse than useless. Exile and poverty were before him, and leaning against the trunk of the giant oak, he was thinking of the ire~yr future that awf-c LX, when a haa was laid upon his shoulder. He turned hastily. Confronting him was a man of lofty stature enveloped in a long cloak. Taupier's first feeling was one of intense anger, and springing upon the stranger he tried to seize him by the throat, but when he found himself face to face with him he uttered a cry of terror and recoiled. 'He!' muttered the hunchback, 'he !' 'The dead seize the living!' said the man in hollow tones. On hearing these startling words, Taupier staggered like a drunken man and passed his hands across his forehead as if to recall his scattered senses. 'I call myself Justice,' said the stranger, 'and I come to tell you that you yourself must die on the same spot * here you have twice played the assassin.' Then, and not until then, did Taupier recognize his first victim, Louis de Saint Senier, who appeared before him like a grim spectre just risen from the grave, Ren6e's brother, pale and threaten ing, held a pistol in each hand, and seemed resolved to offer his assassin an opportunity to resume the combat in which he himself had been unfairly worsted several months before. Frenzied with rage and terror, Taupier seized one of these weapons and endeavoured to wrest it from his opponent's grasp, but in this frantic attempt his fingers touched the trigger. The bullet pierced his heart, and the infamous wretch fell upon Valnoir's body. Regina was avenged! The strange events that brought about this tragical denoutement are such as occur only during great social crises. The war and the insurrection that had laid waste the fair land of France could alone develop characters similar to those which have figured in this story. tHad it not been for the siege of Paris and the misfortunes which had resulted from it for several members of his family, Louis de Saint Senier, who had miraculously recovered from his wound, would not have been obliged to conceal himself so long in the cottage on the Rue de Laval. He had spent long months there while he was hanging between life and death, and he left the sick room for the first time on the night that Frapillon received his chastisement from Roger's hand. Immediately after this catastrophe the invalid departed secretly for the Ch;iteau de Saint Senier with those who bore his name. He had not been strong enough to accompany his sister to Saint Ger main; but as soon as he found himself able to make the journey he started to rejoin her. While passing through the forest he was seized with a sudden desire to once more behold the place where he had so narrowly escaped death; and God-who punishes all murderers sooner or later-God had done the rest. Rende's marriage was solemnized in the chapel at Saint Senier early in the autumn, and the newly married couple left for Italy the next day. Podensac has abandoned military and commercial pursuits to take charge of the Saint Senier estate, which he manages admirably. Louis de Saint Senier resumed his position in the navy, and is now about to start on a trip around the world. Rose de Charmidre has taken up her abode in Berlin, this change of residence being due to her infatuation for an officer of cuirasseirs whose ac quaintance she made at Saint Denis during the Commune. Pilvert has accepted the position of gamekeeper at Saint Senier, Land reau having retired from active ser vice. Molinchard is in London, keeping a restaurant, which is largely patronised by members of the famdus " Society of the Moon with the Teeth,' and this being the case, it is scarcely probable that he finds the business very lucra tive. THIE:END. 