READINGS BETWEEN THE LINES (lBr BlAsosono.) HAorr.-The Greek Psyche is a poetic conception deriving her birth from the human intelligence long brooding over the ethical or moral side of man's mysterious nature. Psychology is the soul science tho investigation, discussion, and illustra tion of our emotional nature. The intellect sins not, it simply perceives; the emotional feels and consequently is acted upon by circumstance, and as the soul seemingly further off is really nearer to the body than the intellect, it (the soul) is swayed by bodily circumstance, by its health, its disease, its insatiable appetites, in short, its lower nature. Quae tatura prona alqus ventri obedientia jinnil. "What a piece of work is a man l How noble in reason ! How infinite in faculties I In form and moving how express and admirable ! In action how like an angel! In apprehension how like a god! The beauty of the world ! The paragon of animals I" This is ltb wonderful creature the psychologist takes in hand to anatomiso hardest of tasks-not an articulated body, but a sentient immateriality. This is the study of 'studies, and only our greatest intellects are competent for the task. The three grandest illustrations of this soul study that I am intimately acquainted with are Macbeth, Hamlet, and Faust. I have arranged them chronologically. The reason why these three wonderful creations occupy so high a place in the world's esteem is this : the motif may be read, and can be understood by all, for they touch "The electris chain with whish we're darkly bound." They strike the keynotes of emotions these vibrate through the immensity of our soul nature, to one or other of which every nerve chord replies. In Macbeth self seeking is punished, in Faust passion is warned, in Hamlet the cultured amiabie gentleman is called upon to punish the criminal indulgence of these appetites, one of the offenders being his own mother. Here, indeed, is a hard task for any actor, to represent a man in such a distressing posi tion, to represent this perfect gentleman, the observed of all observers, the " very glass of fashion and the mould of form," to represent in some sort all the waverings and aberrations of Hamlet's mind, to make a distinction between positive and assumed madness-to give force to his violent moods and yet not outdo nature or forget for one singlo instant the dignity of the person he represents-the nobleness of a true gentls man. The actor has, moreover, to deliver some of the most pregnant sentences that were ever penned, and in the whirlwind of his passion bring out each point note, each delicate stress, and to read the words as though they were set to a divine musical expression. Here was a task for Mr. St. Maur to undertake, and for the first time, a come dian to lay aside the smiling mask of comedy and assume the grave features of tragedy. This I say-that we ought to be much'obliged to Mr. Saint Maur for undertaking such a task, and in some respeote snssatisfaohry task, for out re creation-tht a gentlemanlike rendering of Shakespeare la always acceptable,.and that an educated actor can never offend the ear, however fastidious. These are soine of tae thoughts with which I entered the theatre on 'Tuesday evening last, 1 will illiustrato. the elfect Mr. St. plate's performance of the part of Hamlet had upon myself by the narration of a very simple personal experience. I had the good fortune, a short time ago, to meet with a lady-we had never met before whose father, long dead, had been the dear friend of my glidhbrod and adolescent yeares The lage hid house in which I had for some time resided wan her nearest ejadve. was as familiar to her as it had once been to me, she residing there as a niece of the family after I had coaaedto frequent it. Imagine how delightful it was to have one's youth re- habilitated, with ber in imaggination to wapfiet tihfosigh the slice lsmsiiar reosin and spacious halls, to peer into every nook and cranny, to compare cash one's re. membranre of the habits and customs of the dear departed, to live over again the vanished years. This unexpected lifting of the veil from the past had such a powerful effect upon both of us; it was sad, very sad, solemn i memory seemed to put forth all her power to tecover and place before us as by enchantment the once familiar scenes ; the dead lived again, we heard their voices, we retated and loved them over again. Now Mr. St. Maur took the place of this amiable friend and brought as vividly to my mind the inci dents, emotions, andenchantmentsof youth. Again I met with my old friends, William Macready, Charles IMean, Samuel Phelps. I only name the oldest, and a boet of other gifted actots and atlressei who had been to me the interpreters of the mysteries of life. Some of Mr. St. Maur's tones and tricks of utterance seemed ever and anon to be the very echoes of the familiar voices that are heard no more. It is saying much for Mr. St. Maur to say that with the voices of theese accomplished artists ringing in memory's ear I experienced no fooling of disappointment, no diminution of the gratification Shakspearo's plays always bring with them, at his entertain ment. It is true that Mr. St. Maur had never taken the part before, that he had not sufficient time to study it, that he was, consequently, not letter perfect, that he sadly mangled some of the lines, especially the soliloquy on death; but for all that, it it was as I had anticipated, an accom plished actor and educated gentleman can always render Shakspeare oin an acceptable manner, and, as far as his study has gone, set before us the intention and scope of the text of the inspired dramatist. Professor Tucker, in his late lecture on "The Influence of the Stage," says truly that Mr. St. Maur has the giftof reading character, and that his acting is a true rescript from notute. Thess are not the professor's words, but they convey his meaning. As the play went on the actor warmed and became more natural. It is difficult to arbitrate how Hamlet's speech to the Ghost should be rendered. Mr. St. Maur was unequal in this deliver ance, sometimes uncertain, but most of it was well rcadeiod. His natural manner came out in his dialogue with Horatio, and he became even more his bhtter self in the scene with the players. The whole of this scene was rendered with gentloeiaslike ease and naturalness. Throughout, Hamlet was the princecpatron- dignified, but yet gracious and affable, evidently desiring to put his humble friends at their ease, and show his appre ciation of them and their calling. His advice to them was admirably delivered, full of point and nice discrimination; I hardly think it could have been rendered better. I was also touched with the manner in which he repeated the words that come after "you cannot take from me anything I would more willingly part with "-" except my life, except my life." They fully disclosed the utter sadness and weariness that possessed him. I have never heard any delivery more pathetic. Also at the abrupt closing of the player's play, when he becomes thoroughly assured of his uncle's guilt, his wild burst of pas slonate excitement was very fine. The closet scene with his mother was also, I think, unequal. There were many touches of naturalness and- show of contending motion, but otherparts wanted more study Take the performance as a whole 1 stall always remember it with pleasure,. and the large audience evinced their deep lot rest in every part of the play by observ ing a profound silence; without the evi dence of one's eys one might have supposed at times that the theatre was empty. For three hours and a half this fixed attention was maintained so that not a syl libl was lost from beginning to end. I think the people were too much moved by the deep pathos of the story and the grandeur of the composition to be very demonstrative in applause, but I am sure that the chief actor and all his company must have been well satisfied with the reception the play received. I had only proposed to speak of Mr. St. Maur, but I cannot pass the other actors by in silence. The genteman who sustained the arduous part of Polo nius deserves praise for his excellent study, and for the carefulness with which he carried out to the end his conception of the character; the applause he received showed that the audience highly ap preciated his efforts. Of course, Polonius was intended to be tedious, but I am in clined to thank that at times the tedious nes was overdrawn. Small parts often do much to make a play go well. Bernardo is a minor character in the play, but he has to open it, and something depends on how this is done. Bernardo's little was natural, manly, and effective. The ghost knew his words well and rendered them well, but, might I say, a little too drawly. Horatio deserves some praise, but his per formance wanted finish. The ladies, of course, spoke well, they generally do, but the pretty Ophelia was deservedly first favourite. Her interview with Hamlet was full of pathos, and in her msdjseene she was excellent, the snatches of song being given with great purity of tone and appropriate feeling. The young gentleman who gave the player's speech I dare say knwow wcll hsa has much to loam s let him tote a few lesoons fram an elocutioniat, and he will then be able to speak more effectively, and with lams fatigue to himself. ILet not this friendly hint dispirit him, Surely the performance at such plays as this, that exhibit the largencea of human nature, that illuslrate how pathos io interwoven with human life must lines an elevating in fluence upon society, and induce thsem to clue superior to potty thought and ignoble habite, 