THE VICTORIA RACING CLUB. SPRING MEETING. DERBY DAY. INTRODUCTION. Dreadnought. Derby" has come and gone and the carnival or campaign of 1882 f, opened with a glorious day, a popular win, sXn absolute success. The weather the w cause of anxiety to those responsible for the day's sport, and the appearances on bid. prognostications in ?*""«»«£ he based, caused no anxiety The VRC secretary was almost as sure of his day as "matter this year of his clip. The burst Ô, rl on the first day of the week had left Heaven and earth clean washed and freshened, the skies seemed a little brighter, the grass greener, the flowers rather than usual The universal verdure "Wen characterises the year through out Australia seemed to have reached perfection on Flemington lawn, paddock, and coarse and the prosperity which is a natural product of such a good season was properly set forth in the prosperous and well ordered multitude who lined the flat, covered the bill, packed the stands and paddocks, and comfortably filled the lawn in frequent promenades. Many people thought that the spring meet ins st Flemington had touched its height in by hibition year The great show which all the nations of the world aided us to make then joined with a preternatural spring tide of prosperity, to draw all Australia Melbourne wards The Exhibition ran its course the mock moon, which had drawn a leeming and ephemeral tide of prosperity about as, Bet also to rise no more A year of labour and endurance followed on a year of mad speculation, earth building, and dreaming, and how did we find ourselves in the succeeding spring! We may very well and very proudly answer, "let Derby Day testify for us." .... It was easy to guess what would be, by making a rough count of the visitors who were travelling by every road to Melbourne. All available accommodation was taken up in the trains, some of the intercolonial steamers were packed like cattle boats. All coaches from far away and outlandish dis- tricts had been running full to the railway station for a week past, and every principal hotelkeeper had hung up his record book, full and closed till the racing week had ended " Worse than ever, said the old head waiters, bustled out of their usual com- posure. "Better than ever," said the land lords making up their gains. " Best of all, must be the secretary's comment when he makes up his final count The whole community, whether in sympathy with the sport or not, must discover some satisfaction in this very successful com- mencement, tor, in some degree, Flemington in the spring meeting is an index of the pros- spent; and a microcosm of the life of Australia Sport would doubtless have her votaries in all conditions of the state, but only a time of great and general competency can overlay sport with such grace of apparel, such plenitude of ornament, such innumer- able and unmistakable evidences of the well-to-do condition as were manifest on Saturday And it was all or nearly all Australian Even the Governor's box had no occupants who were not associated in some way with Australia Nor in and about the crowd were there any of those butterflies of commerce, who flit about the world, or any gale that blows to an exhibition and its chances of successful trade. Oaiters, collars, of a fearful height, and trousers of a terrible breadth , coats that could only have come out of London, with the heads which seem spoke shaved away at forehead and chin, and the vocabulary of pins " aw and minus B, were conspicuous by their absence Absent also was the crazy alor; we have known in other years The husband bester' seems almost to have died out, or possibly to be used up. Nor is any colour so dominant as to be painfully con spacious Individual taste and a reasonable aduptiveneBs seem to have been allowed more scope than usual this year, and consequently womankind is generally better or more appropriately dressed Dine and green in many a tone and gradation were conspicuous in the vice regal box, relieved by lustre of soft white and the delicate pink of wild roses And when in the intervals of racing the great bouquet of the stand was unfastened, and spread flower b) flower, leaf by leaf, about the lawn it was seen that a better taste and purer inspiration than usual had dictated 1 our colours and style in this years enshrouds Few people had so struggled after the remarkable as to become eccentric The c flours were the colours of nature- 'crushed strawberry and elephant's breath,' with many other tints nature never knew, had gone out There was evidence of a return to blue and pink simple and pure as the skies of spring time, to primrose and violet to cream and grey and fawn There was an abundance of pure white on girl, whose fresh faces afforded sufficient relief, and of lustrous blue!, on stately dame, whose natural dignity became rich, yet dark, attire The lawn would paint well this year, and if well painted would be bright and girl) yet chaste and pure in its infinite want), as one of our northern river flower meadows, or a breadth of our heath clad mountain or lonatlniJ 1 everything is indeed bright and fresh and fair prosperous, and full of assurance and promise Nor have comfort and convenience been neglected All the winter long work men have been busy on the course and its adjuncts, there is more stand room and luncheon room, more drinking room, and chiefly of the temperance sort, more recent election for the jockeys, and, in the matter of railway tickets, a still further in road made on the crass conservatism of the Railway department. Tickets can be purchased in half a dozen places now w h) not in one place at least in every suburb, and a week before the meeting Everything, in Feed, is so provided and arranged as to justify more and more our boast of the heat appointed course in the world And may we say that the racing is equal to the course Assuredly, for never in Australia, and not often perhaps, in England, has a better lot of horses faced a starter s flog the names of the youngsters are full of promise , the names of the heroes bring back memories of battle and triumph Abercorn and Carbine Singapore and Melos, Cardigan, Chicago, Newmaster It is a great day which brings such champions together, and acts such generals as Hayes, O'Brien and Power in contest, each playing all he knows there was not much interest in the first time It was just a sop given to the infants 'and outsiders amongst the horses really a fair sort of oyster to open such a feast Bal the Melbourne Stakes, which followed, was, as it ought to have been, the race of the Every thoughtful, very resolute, were trainers and jockeys, is girths were tightened Mid throat straps fastened, and mouths washed out, and weights adjusted with the nicest accuracy) The well tried Abercorn seemed to know that he had nothing to spare and went skimming over the turf and Past the stand to the starting post as one who knew how to save himself till the "shearing time came Carbines split hoof seemed to trouble his backers more than minded, Newmaster looked up to his record , mile as did not attract the notice he deserved, amlAntreuahadnot such a following as his Position in the Melbourne Cup betting would seem to have justified Really the race was regarded as a duel between Abercorn and Carbine, but in the end Melos made a triangular business of it, himself being very fine! 'heads U WM to great race' and beat the old horse who won the champion of the elder colony against all comers but it was Derby Day The Derby is not usually a great race now, whether in Mel fw!' 0 today' or on the Epsom Downs "ne three year old, a Donovan of a Dread Melt, a Trident or a Grand Flaneur, comes SM, and stands out over and above all his fellows. People generally did not and in a? good in the M he' saw I" 'his, our latest Derby Public faith was all on the WM and white, for Richelieu's colours were, strange to say, another combination of the Kirkham tints The all rose of Prince Con- sort, and the all white of Mr Sylvester Brown were utterly neglected, while the purple and gold, in which deserves BO mach and Rams so little, was not regarded as in any way dangerous Dunkeld had a little following, bat Dreadnought was the public horse Rudolph before the race seemed inclined to win by knocking the running out of some of the others, and did, through very bad conduct, succeed in getting away first, but his stable companion took the place he wanted, and held it when he was wanted, though not without the most strenuous exertions of his rider, for Richelieu pressed him hard, There was the customary loud cheering as, for the sixth time, Hales rode in a VRC Derby winner, and the adorning of the gallant chestnut with the blue ribbon made a brave show It would have been pleasant also to have seen something more notable and worthy of the occasion in the way of a plate presentation The objects exhibited though creditable to their designers and makers, were not the sort of articles to crown a great Australian race 'the VRC should be careful in this matter not to allow a «mantleadvertisement to be purchased at what is really a very low price There was much premature rejoicing amongst the New South Wales contingent when the Maribyrnong came on, for they had boasted aloud of the certainty of three events on the day, and two were already bagged, while this third was reckoned more of a certainty than any which had gone before Correze they declared was the fastest colt in the world. He had won all his races with his mouth open He would do the five furlongs in 1min 21sec and take a couple of turns about the course afterwards. But his temper was career, be had a spice of daredevil in him and it is as bad to back as to follow the devil The record now made declares that Correze was never in it, The Admiral being only seriously challenged by Utter at the finish, and getting home from him by a nose For the last race Boz came once more, dashing through his field at the finish, and landing an easy winner And then began the homeward journey of a generally well contented crowd The sport had been good, and the catering thoroughly well managed The accommodation had been made better than ever, and consequently is far and away the best in the world. There is not the bloodstain of a rough accident on the record of the day, and there should not be much searching of hearts and of pockets about the settling which has to come For the luck was divided as the success was even A good day all round, a grand beginning for the Great Carnival-so grand, so good, so big indeed that with much elation there is amongst those responsible some serious concern over the question If such was the Derby, what must the Cup be THE GOVERNOR AND PARTY. His Excellency the Governor and a distinguished company of visitors arrived on the course before the first race, and remained during the greater part of the afternoon His excellency drove his four in hand drag to the coarse The vice regal party included the Governor and Lady Loch, Lord Kintore, Governor of South Australia and Lady Kintore, Lord Carrington, Governor of New South Wales, Sir William C F Robinson, recently Acting Governor of Victoria, Miss Hamilton, Miss Foster, the Hon Rupert Carrington, Mr D Loch, Captain Anstruther Thomson, Captain Bosanquet, Captain Hal bert, Captain Hammill, the Hon A Yorke, Mr G Seymour Fort, and Captain Keith falconer Upon the arrival of the party at the course the band played the National Anthem, and the occupants of the grand stand rose and uncovered The party were received by Mr Byron Moore, the secretary of the club, and several of the stewards, and were conducted to the portion of the grand stand specially reserved for their use, which was specially upholstered and decorated with beautiful flowers A special luncheon room beneath the stand was set apart for the use of the party, and this also was beautifully furnished and adorned After the second race had been run the party made a tour of the ground and witnessed the preparation of some of the favourite in the saddling paddock At the conclusion of the Derby race Dreadnought the winner, was led on to the lawn where Lady Loch in vested him with a blue ribbon, which is the recognised adornment of the winner of this classic event, and Sir Henry Loch congratulated the trainer, Mr Payten, on his success When the Maribyrnong Plate had been run the party left the course, amidst the cheers of the spectators THE RAILWAY TRAFFIC The railway arrangements on the whole gave general estimation, and with the exception of just after the finish at the last race, when every one and silver to get into town as speedily as possible, there was no waiting or crushing The trains were despatched as quickly as they filled up, under the supervision of Mr. T. H. 1 Francis, the traffic manager, and Mr Kibble, the assistant traffic manager There were on Saturday 17 >8 passengers booked at Spencer street and Flinders street stations for the course, as, against S 971) on the previous Di by Da> balls for the hill as compared with 7,100 last year and J ! lb for the grand stand, or a decrease of (178 on the. number booked on Derby Day 1888 On Saturday J% people were booked at the race course platform for Melbourne as agniiistöu7 I last year i UP traffic to 1 Footscray, however, showed an increase the passengers being 3 12s on Saturday, as compared with 2 820 the previous Derby Day The totals wire for this year 17 Sid persons carried by rail to and from the races, as against 18 fall of last year There are, however, to be called the passengers booked by Messrs J Cook and bona the returns for which will be made up to day It is considered that when they come in they will bring the total up to very near, if not slightly over that of last year The takings on Saturday by the Railway depart unit came to £4,31 Ms , as compared with 0,018 (as last year DI sciupnoNs or inn DIII ssrs Bl Quttv BER. The perfect weather brought out the largest Derby Day gathering of women ever seen at Flemington, and naturally they were the freshest and prettiest gowns and head gear The majority of the young girls were in a bite or cream with filmy parasols that looked like flakes of snow, so fine were the silk or crepe tissues of which they were composed Others, for brightening effect, had the same soft materials in colours, the effect being exactly that of the sun and the breeze playing on the delicate tissues of the many hues French poppies in keeping with these pretty sunshades were the delicious little bonnets some of them in the form of large butterflies with the wings nearly closed on the hair, composed of an Alsatian bow, and in the centre, just where the body of the insect should be, a cluster of flowers. These charming little capes were worn by fully two thirds of the best dressed women, and coming next to them were the full floral bonnets made entirely of twigs, flowers, and fruit, such as nuts, berries, cactus buds, and leaves , or, in some instances, an roses only, from the coronet of forget me nots or violets to splendid Glove c de Dijon roses, so beautiful imitated flint Nature herself seemed mocked Dressing since last Derby Day has been entirely revolutionised Steels and pads have disappeared altogether The flowing outlines of the natural figure are strictly adhered to, and skirts have become narrower, although the draperies are not so closely confined and held down More freedom is allowed, especially in the back draperies of gowns, the upper folds near the waist being apparently the only ones held in position, the lower drapery flowing as it will, and consequently gracefully But what has been lost in the plainness of skirts has been gained on bodices, for such a thing as a plain bodice is only seen on the strict tailor made gown Dress bodices have by way of trimming zouaves composed of rich guipure, either black or cream, or handsome imitated ones that are simulated by means of embroideries or gold, silver, or jet braid ornamentations. Then there are the little cut away Eton jackets, which are so well suited to slight figures, with their full blouse like effect | underneath in place of a waistcoat Yokes revers, collarettes, and all similar garniture, with high puffed sleeves were in great form on Saturday So were the Incroyable ties and the Directoire ruffles. These in many cases extended from shoulder to shoulder To those who wear hats they are especially becoming, because their creamy fulness near the face gives a certain softness to the skin Of dresses themselves the newest and smartest were the crepe like textures, with their rich foot bordering of embroidery, which had the effect of being worked in crewel silks by hand The richest of these often bad as an additional finish, a handsome hanging fringe, an old friend that seems about to make its appearance again in the dressing of the future after an absence of some twenty years, thus bearing out the old proverb that the new is only the old for gotten After the Derby, Lady Loch placed the blue ribbon round Dreadnoughts neck, and presented the trophy Not feeling well, her ladyship soon after returned borne, and Lady Clarke took her place and made the presentation to the owner of the Maribyrnong Plate winner Lady Loch wore her Worth picture gown of opal and royal blue spotted velvet with panels of plain royal blue velvet with a soft Ineroyuble ruffle of chiffon, a royal blue velvet bonnet, with Alsatian ornamentation of black watered silk, and a navy) blue velvet mantle The Countess of Kintore was in beetle green armure, with a richly embroidered border in gold, and a white watered side sash, and pretty material bonnet to match Miss Hamilton had on a pretty black gown richly embroidered pleated vest of pink silk, black: 1 ice hat, trimmed with large pink roses Lady Clarke's Chartreuse green gown was veiled in rich black lace, and panelled with finely cut jet, the bodice was also partly veiled with inserted pieces of lace, smart green lily of the valley bonnet red shot parasol Mrs Falconar Macdonald had on a delicate peach bloom soft silk with black figurine trimmed at the foot of the skirt and bodice with bands of black ribbon velvet, black lace cuffs, and Portland hat of straw trimmed with roses Miss Manning was in soft mignonette silk bodice order mented with mousseline de chiffon large white chip hat and feathers MISS Throgmorton looked well in a pink shot lustre with a foot border of straw coloured guipure, bodice ornamented with inserted V pieces of the empire, and a floral toque Mrs. Malleson wore a perfect dress of rich grey silk embroidered in gold and steel, Alsatian bow bonnet and feathers Mrs Blackwood was in a gown of somewhat the same shade, the material being brocade, with a slight touch of vieux rose in the colouring finished at the foot with bands of vieux rose velvet bonnet and parasol to match Mrs Herbert Power wore pale green tulle, richly embroidered in a lighter tone MIsS Clarke was in a pale blue woollen crepe almost covered with a design in gold embroidery, white hat trimmed with butter cups Mrs C Ryan was in a cream soft silk, covered with a quaint design in navy blue, and a black P tul Jones bat and flowers Mrs. George Stevenson g rich Chartreuse green and gold striped gown had a vest and front of shrimp pink faille draped with green silk muslin embroidered in gold beads, bonnet to match MIsS Stevenson looked well in green faille with panels of pink, and her sisters wore art green royal silk with a white silk muslin petticoat with a foot trimming of embroidered lace, and corn coloured silk relieved with white and Horn) bonnets to match Mrs. Terry had on fawn cloth with an embroidered border in fawn silk, floral bonnet Mrs Balls Headley a fine dress of soft silk and black was artistically combined with draperies of black lace Mrs Bingham wore grey cashmere with a pink crepe vest and a hat of pink roses. Miss Prell also wore grey with a full vest and side sash of pink, and a pink Alsatian bonnet. Mrs Joseph Clarke had on a rich brown faille gown slashed in front to show lemon coloured panels Mrs. L. C Mackinnon was in a pretty pink and green shot China silk, finished with a rich tinted guipure Mrs Mein wore purple cashmere, relieved with purple and lavender striped Bille, and a floral bonnet. MIsS Mein was in cream woollen crepe and a pink striped border and epaulettes, and a becoming hat. Mrs Robert Molesworth wore grey silk, trimmed with grey and white brocade bonnet of the same tints Mrs. Lumsden was also in grey crepe, embroidered and finished with white and a floral bonnet Mrs. John Simon wore black brocaded grenadine, trimmed with black lace- black bonnet and parasol Mrs It Power was in a white embroidered muslin, and a pink rose bonnet Her daughter was in a cream soft silk Mrs Byron Moore wore a pretty cream flowered Edeline, trimmed with tinted lace and insertion bands of green ribbon, small black and white flower bonnet Mrs Brent nails effective dress was of vieux rose woollen crepe with a front panel and cascades of black lace, Indian embroidered bonnet to match Mrs. Edward Miller was in serpent green soft silk with a rich foot trimming of twine tinted guipure full vest of cream chiffon, large grey box, and small black bonnet Mrs Alec Murphy wore a fine dress of I ale fawn with a Directoire bodice and draperies of fawn green stripe, and a dural bonnet. Mrs M H Davies was in a copper coloured armure with a copper and gold stripe small straw bonnet trimmed with flowers to match Mrs Bell was in brown faille gown, relieved with panels and draperies of brown and cream striped silk. Mrs Sept, Miller wore green trimmed with guipure and flower bonnet Mrs Godfrey) Mackinnon was a shot mignonette green canvas, with a petticoat of twine coloured guipure, Slashed with b kinds of green velvet and a green puppy bonnet Mrs Liddiard wore black silk draped with lace and jet. Miss Mercer was in pale pink frock and a black hat trimmed with pretty pink and cream flowers Mrs. Munro wore a simple royal blue velvet cream bonnet. Mrs Hinimans was in grey) woollen crepe with a white moire side sash Miss Keating looked well in a white embroidered frock, with lilac bonnet; Madame Henman wore a blue figured silk with a lace yoke and white hat. Mrs Hartley M Juliana was in white soft silk, patterned with navy blue, Bolt vest of white silk muslin, bonnet to match Mrs 6 1 carbarn wore pale blue spotted crepe with a large sash of old pompadour brocade, floral hat Mrs John Blackwood looked well in two shades of grey faille, blended with a stripe Mrs. Nutting wore black, with a picturesque. black hut and feathers Mrs M'Carron was in tin effective dress of black bri ende white petticoat draped with lace and black jet Mrs Mars Buckley also had on a mee black gown almost covered with a lace mantle her daughter was in cream guipure trimmed with cream draperies Miss. trench wore green crepe and pink silk floral toque Miss Spracue foal ed well in m i ave Bird) a, large white hat and feathers Miss Greene wore a simple frock of mauve cotton with a white dress vest Mrs W.M. Two) was in white soft silk with an art sash and white hat Mrs Lamb Smith wore steel grey silk trimmed with black guipure, lace) and black bonnet Mrs Norman Wilson had on stem woollen crepe embroidered in leather flowers white chiffon vest finished with bands of dark green ribbon velvet Mrs Price had on steel grey futile trimmed with black small grey bonnet Mrs W Cavendish was in a black embroidered gown finished with black watered silk and jet black hat trimmed with white flowers Mrs. Quirk wore a smart cream flowered foulard trimmed with lace and watered ribbon, small toque but trimmed with feathers and ribbon Mrs Harvey Patterson was in buttercup yellow entirely draped with black lace small black and yellow bonnet MIsS Holrojil wore a smart gown of soft grey cloth with a white vi st, black hat Mrs Albert Miller looked well in sea green royal silk trimmed with hands of ribbon velvet in a darker shade, white vest bonnet to match M IBs Chenery wore a still grey cloth , large white but Mrs Green had on brown cloth braided! in black , small black bonnet Miss Wilkie wore navy blue serge with a white vest small red poppy hut Mrs. T Fairbairn wore a pretty dress in a soft woollen crepe in a delicate shade of heliotrope, embroidered in a paler shade , purple pansy bonnet, white parasol Mrs J A Levey wore her dress of pale blue embroidered silk bonnet of green flowers. Miss L Murray) Smith looked smart in cream soft silk, trimmed with cream lace and watered silk ribbon large white hat trimmed with cream feathers Mrs Holroyd had on a rich gown composed of watered silk and lace black mantle trimmed with jet, black bonnet, black moire parasol Miss Greenlaw wore pale mauve liberty silk with a front and vest of cream Mrs Green law was in a brown c cashmere and a lily of the valley bonnet Miss C Miller, elegant gown of fawn cloth with brocade and silver braid, effective hat, and parasol Mrs Gillespie, gown of fawn cloth interwoven with reseda silk Miss Hales, dress of brown liberty silk with velvet and gold passementerie Mrs. Henry quaint Greenaway costume of art liberty silk, hat and parasol to match Mrs Nicholas, handsome gown of myrtle green poplin, with cream and gold em brothers, bonnet and parasol to match Miss Johnson, handsome dress of reseda silk, with silver brocade and braid, hat with white ostrich feathers, and reseda moire sun shade to match Mrs. B Pender, elegant gown of black velvet, with myrtle green poplin and embroidery, hat to match Miss Miller, handsome gown of pale pink muslin, embroidered with silk Directoire frilling. Miss Moore was in a stem green faille, with a petticoat of green and gold stripe Mrs Wrixon were children faille, with front of cream, brocaded in pale blue and yellow daisies, and bonnet to match Mrs Leishman wore a pretty pale pink lustre, trimmed with cream guipure Mrs Agnew was in brown faille, relieved with cream silk draperies. Miss Simson wore blue art broche, and a pretty hat, and Miss Jessie Samson a paler shade of blue. Mrs C H Pearson was in a handsome black lace gown, long lace mantle, black bonnet _ THE RACING It is not easy to find fault with the character of the first day's racing of the V.R.C Spring Meeting, though most visitors to Flemington are accustomed to think an afternoon's programme incomplete when wanting either a hurdle race or steeplechase, or both. Otherwise there is abundance of variety in the special events for three and two year old horses, in the couple of handicaps, and the greatest weight for age race of the meeting, for so the Melbourne Stakes, for many reasons, lina come to be regarded The Maiden Plate is no longer a race for turf failures, since very few aged horses are so unfortunate as to be eligible for it, and on this occasion the competitors were all two and three years old, and some of them, although they have yet to win their first race, may achieve some fame as racehorses The finest looking pair in the race were Copenhagen and Linburn, and for condition the choice was largely in favour of the latter, who had Power in the saddle, and there was no great disposition to back any other Public opinion was a true guide to the merits of the horses, for Linburn had only G'Naroo to shake off at the finish, and did it comfortably. It is not often nowa- days that the dark blue jacket and black cap familiar to racing men nearly 20 years ago is seen in the van at Flemington, and a great many were pleased to have old associations revived by the sight of Mr Chirnside's colours in front The unfortunate horse amongst several unfortunates would appear to be G'Naroo, who has now run second for four Maiden Plates It is bad enough for a horse to be placed in big races and win lesser ones, but to be placed in minor events and win nothing means getting very deep into the mire of ill luck Thousands turned in keen anticipation to the Melbourne Stakes, where the scratching board showed all in except Bravo, Singapore, and Rudolph, and the scratching of all three was expected With half a dozen Melbourne Cup horses remaining in, and those six, together with Singapore, holding the first seven places in the betting lists for the greater event, it would have been very strange, indeed, had the Melbourne Stakes not excited an exceptional interest Time and time again the race has foreshadowed the result of the Melbourne Cup, and heart was over many were inclined to think that once again they could see writing on the wall, even though the winner of the race was not in the CUD lot In the paddock the first to catch the eye was Melos Those who knew nothing of the horse would have said, perhaps, that he stood too high on his legs, that there was too much daylight under him, or something in that way Possibly, too, they would have con entered him line, but following him as he moved one could not miss seeing that there was great propelling power in those tremendously muscular haunches. Amongst the seven horses in red and blue check covers bearing the monogram J. W in the corner, one had little difficulty in picking Abercorn. When one hears that this fine chestnut has won more money in stakes than any other horse ever won in Australia, he at once believes it from the horse's appearance It was felt that to justify his position in the Melbourne Cup betting Antaeus must win or nearly win this race 'The interesting stranger is a handsome bay colt, and all right on the score of appearances and condition He gallops with something of that smooth turf skimming action which is BO notice- able in Carbine 'I be big black colt Benson carries his head high, and suggests in his style and in his appearance the last year's Cup winner He looks a lazy horse, but an poured to enjoy his gallop when set going Many had looked forward to the meeting of Carbine and Abercorn, but the way in which Mr Wallace's colt dropped back in the betting just before the race indicated something wrong The trouble, it transpired, was an injury to the hoof, sustained on the previous day, and which made it necessary that Carbine should run in bar shoes As usual, he was obstinate in the straight, and O'Brien had to coax him up for his opening gallop Melos it may be mentioned, fairly revelled in his gallop His action is vigorous and characteristic, no other horse at Flemington moving quite in the same style Chicago plugged along in a sharp, poppy way, as though tender in his feet Many have seen Cardigan fitter than he was on Saturday, and, though he has proved his merit, he certainly seemed somewhat out of class with the celebrities beside him. Sinecure was there to make a pace for Abercorn, and when he dashed away on that mission, the bay Anticua, to everyone's surprise, went with him And to keep within "con ee of them every other in the race had to Runs well Few fields of horses have come faster past the scraping sheds than they did The three year old pair who had been cutting each other down camp back to the field as they turned into the straight, and a few son les further Curb ne and Abercorn were together , yet still the final struggle was delayed Half way down O'Brien called upon Carbine, and the colt came to the front with a rush that looked like settling everything but he could not keep it up Hales brought the favourite alongside of him, and for a few strides they were head and head, then Abercorn showed in front. The two jockeys, absorbed in their desperate struggle, lost sight of Melos, when suddenly Norton brought the brown with a wonderful dash along the rails, and there was a shout from excited thousands as he seemed to have matched the race from the crack pair It was not so, however, for the run-a marvellous one at the close of such a fast race-was made just a moment too late, and Abercorn won by a short head the cheering was loud and long both for Hales and Abercorn as they came back to the weighing yard, for everyone had seen, perhaps, the race of the meeting The time was remarkably fast, and under the circumstances Melos at once became the firmest of favourites for the Melbourne Cup Many of course blamed Norton for losing but the error of judgment was of the slightest 'lo time a rush at the close of such a race requires the very nicest judgment, and Mr Ominous rider was only the merest trifle out It he makes no worse error in the Melbourne Cup the backers of Melos will have no cause to grumble. Neither should the friends of Arila us feel that his Cup chance disappears with Saturday s running The pace at which he cut out the running was u killing one, and to have finished in front would have implied that he was a marvel, and with (lib off his back what chance would the finest horse in the land have had with him It the race settled the pretensions of any horse in particular, they were Cardigans. By his performance in this race Abercorn adds to has already great reputation This was his twentieth win, and the value of the stakeholder that he him won amounts to within a few pounds of £12,000 No other first class horse in Australia has achieved such a record, for Prideut'a winnings amounted only to 18,741, while Malua, with £8,071, and Commotion with £7 700 were the next beat In addition he has run twice second and twice third in races won by Carbine The time for the mile and a quarter is the fastest ever made in Australia, and only half a second slower than the record for the world This was gained by the American horse, Dry Monopole, who, on the Long Island course, covered the distance in lunn 7sec A nice field of horses went out for the Hotham Handicap, amongst them one of the Cup cracks Singapore, and with his performance and the reputation of the stable backers would have him first favourite, though the horse himself, a bin loose jointed bay, is rather plain than otherwise, and does not look quite a Cup horse the pick of the field for condition was 'the Wild Oat, a triangular animal without a doubt, or, as one critic put it, "Like a bag full of ploughshares." But he was wiry and stag like, and looked altogether a probable winner, though a half mile less would perhaps have suited him better A good many of those crowding about try to impose on the owner's good nature for an opinion, but be simply reminds them that Meteor is a runner. The performance of Melos caused many to look at his stable companion, who had a nasty flesh wound on his fetlock, though it might have been only skin deep The Wild Oat wire pulling his little jockey O'Neil out of the saddle as they went out of the straight, and at one time It looked as though the awkward colt would win from end to end But the washed out chestnut China was with him at the sheds, and when Meteor went through the field with a rare (dash and led, it seemed all over, but Chintz came again at the (finish, and won handsomely, to the great gratification of the layers of odds. In the black jacket and white cap, another old familiar racing eos turne, turned up unexpectedly one that has been creditably borne on Derby Days by the fillies Briseis, Miss Jessie, and Maid of All Work. Next was the race of the day, with 20 minutes for a look at the competitors. The favourite, who had been saddled early, was walked round the course with his clothes on, and what could be seen of Dreadnought showed him to be a big wiry-looking colt, rather darker in colour than most of Mr. White's chestnuts, who, when in racing condition, nave the ghost of gold in their skin He is above the average in Bobatancp, and, therefore, just the kind of cult to be beaten through awkwardness as a two year old, and yet to fully square accounts with his victory a year later. Tinlander andCiirnngton,conspicuousinall white, were easily picked out The former scarcely looked' a Derby horse, and Carrington was vaguely spoken of as " a Dandy," which probably meant that he was gay and well fashioned, but not a likely winner. Richelieu, who was ran] to have done all that his trainer asked him in trials, stood a little black colt in fine condition, and with more of the thoroughbred about him than Dreadnought. "Another Richmond in the held " said some, and so it turned out in one way, for he held just the same place in the race that his sire held in 1876, Possibly the similarity in their history may be further re- Seated in the St. Leger of next Autumn. A handsome blood-like colt was the red chestnut or brown Loyal Stone, but he was soft, and hardly so well set as most of the other runners. Prince Consort, in a beautiful jacket of all rose, should have had a chance it good looks went loranytbing,and close to him the rather plain looking Dunkeld was being saddledjO'Brten.whowas to ride him, wearing the violet and red of Dunkeld a new owner, Mr. W. Sayer, instead of the rose and black which be carried at Caulfield. Lost of all was the gay Rudolph, who nearly managed to throw Huxley as they were ranging up for the start Dreadnought, too, was in a playful mood as he went up for his preliminary exercise, and once or twice dropped his head and whipped round suddenly in a way that would have caught some good but loosening horseman napping. As usual, there were a few horses left in the Derby by oversight which were possibly dead or harnessed to girls, and these were appropriately grouped under the heading of doubtful Starters. 1 or so small a field there was considerable trouble in getting them away, Rudolph causing most annoyance Payten tried to hold him at the mark, but this would not do, so he was left to frisk about and take his chance. Dunkeld was in a vicious mood, and after biting Prince Consort planted both his heels with some force upon that horse's neck. The favourite stood quietly at the mark as Halos watched the (line. When it dropped the start was a poor one, Dunkeld, through his own preverBitv, losing some lengths, while Prince Consort, although apparently ready, stood stock still until the lenders had got a dozen strides' advantage. However, they went easy to the turn, and both horses without much effort recovered their places Then Rudolph and Tmljnder started to make the pace, and had the lead pretty well to the straight, where the white jacket dropped away, and the favourite was third, and going strong Power came slowly upon Richelieu, and thus early the pair who were i to light out the finish could be picked. Power, on the black colt, had made up his mind to try and wear down Dreadnought in a long [ slogging finish. At the third distance cost they were both at it, and for a moment Richelieu seemed to have the best of it, but it was for a moment only. For a score of lengths they were locked together, both jockeys hard I at it, but the black was the first to burst up, and, though the race had been a hard one, it was over at the half distance, where Dreadnought forged ahead, and won by a length and a quarter, exactly the same distance separating Richelieu and Rudolph. There is very little doubt that Mr. White could have won the Derby with either of his horses, for had Rudolph been ridden to win, and not merely to make a pace for his stable companion, his portion allows that he must have been first After the race Dreadnought was led up the straight, where Lady Loch placed the blue ribbon, which is the emblem of the race, round his neck, amidst loud cheering for owner, trainer, and rider, to which Payten, in acknowledgment, had frequently to raise his hat. He was also required to accept, on behalf of Mr. White, who unfortunately was too ill to visit Victoria this spring, the beautiful trophy given by Mr. I. H Moss, which together with the Maribyrnong trophy was on view during the day near the judge's box. This was the sixth Victoria Derby won by Hales, the horses he has ridden to victory being Briseis, Grand Flaneur, Navigator, Trident, Ensign, and Dreadnought, while the name of Mr. White, Singularly enough, appears six times also in the list as owner of the winner. Hales' records in races of this character are somewhat remarkable. For example he has won the V R C. St. Leger nine times, and his other victories in what may be called the great weight for age events of the Australian turf read thus Champion Race 7, A.J C. Derby b, A.J.C. St Leger G, A J C Champion Stakes 5, V. R C Oaks 4, Ascot Vale stakes 4, or altogether a total of 65 wins for the few races named. In handicaps his successes have of course not been so marked, but he has won the Australian Cup seven times No other jockey in the world can boast of having won 12 Derbies Scarcely was the excitement over the Derby at an end when the question as to which was best amongst the two-year-olds of the year claimed attention In settling this point one horse was placed at a disadvantage, Correze having to carry 3lb penalty because of his victories over the border, while no other runner had a penalty, although Magic Circle, like Correze, had run twice and won twice Every one of the 10 on the card was a starter, but in spite of this backers would have little else than Correze "Half way down," said his friends, "you will think him out of it Then he will come with a rush and smother them " The colt of whom this was said was a nice round barrelled chestnut, carrying a jacket of pink and chocolate, one of the prettiest rating costumes ever seen at Flemington. The performances of the colt, though few, were decidedly sensational. On the day before running his first race he bolted, turned a somersault over a fence, and was thought to have been killed, but next day he won like a racehorse. Brought out for his second race, he overpowered his jockey, and ran twice round the course before he could be stopped Then he was started and won, doing the four furlongs in Aliases., wonderfully good time for a two year old How could such a colt be ignored The other likely ones, judged by appearances, were Wilds, Cure, and The Admiral. There was considerable trouble at the post, Marsh racing backward and forward across the course, while the way in which a yellow jacket danced about in the mass showed that Hermitage, too, was playing up. There were several false starts, three- fourths of the horses at one time break- ing away, while on another occasion Hermitage spoiled a chance of a good start by wheeling round at the critical moment Half way home Correze made a bit of a run, but the sensational dash was wanting, and after what seemed a slight collision with something in the ruck the favourite's chance was gone. The race was left to The Admiral, Utter, and Wilga, the latter over against the stand fence. Inside the distance Utter appeared to be winning, but The Admiral, desperately ridden, beat the daughter of Martini-Henry by a short head, after a splendid finish. The time, 2min. 4sec,, while not allow, has been several times beaten The Admiral has only run twice, and is yet unbeaten. He is a fine dark bay colt, with black points, and on his breeding should race, his aire-Richmond- being also sire of the second horse in the Derby. Save those who had backed Correze or followed the popular blue and white, all were pleased with the success of Mr. Cook in so rich a stake as the Maribyrnong Plate, the performances of his horses of late having been more credit- able than profitable. The last race of the day only served to show that those who thought Bravo should have won the Caulfield Cup were mistaken. With two stone more weight on his back Huz, although not heavily backed, beat his held for this event rather more easily than any other winner of the day, except, perhaps, Linburn, and amongst the defeated was Sequel, who started first favourite. It was noticeable that two winners of the day, 12oz, and Chintz, were from the same mare Hypatia, a third of whose progeny, Cinnamon, have also won several races in New South Wales. The day's racing was one of the best yet seen at Flemington. The following are details. MAIDEN PLATE, Of 6 sovs. each, with 300 added; second, day says ; third, SO sovs One mile Mr A. Chirnside's b o Linburn, by Newminster Primrose, 4 yrs, 8st (IS. For very " .. 1 Mr J O Inglis's ch o Garoo, 3 yrs, 8st. (H'Qovvan) 2 Mr T F. Wigley's bro- Cheddar, 5 yrs, 9st 5lb. (JauucBj . ... M 3 Sir W J. Clarke's ch o Copcubaucu, J yrs, 8st (J. Campbell) .... 0 Mr. S Gardiner's b o Lapstone, 3yrs, 8st (Callanan) 0 Mr. b Gardiner 2 of Plenty, 3 yrs, 8st. (A. Camp- bell) ... "0 Mr. J. W Wilson's ch c The Serf, J v rs, Sst (australs) 0 Mr. J A. Lang's b c Pieeontoe, 3 yrs, fest (Butler) 0 by W. J Clarke's br g bemoan 3 yrs, 8st Dib. (nimboy).. _ 0 Mr J. Gallagher's b f Âfmsglvcr, 3 yrs, 7st Dib (Ivlui)).0 Mr. J Uiaa'o ns b I Bustle, 3 yrs, 7st. OH, (Harris) 0 Mr O. R. Upjohn s br c forest hits., 2 by is, that. its. (Doors) ... 0 Mr S U Cook's br c The Crash, 2 yrs, 6st 2lb (U'NoiII). 0 Mr S Miller's b f Calm, 2 yrs, Sat Ulb (Holmes) U Betting -2 to 4 and Linburn, D to 1 allot Calm, 0 to 1 must G'fttaroo, 10 to 1 agst Forest King or any other. After some delay at the past caused by the masters. ness of several of the horses, Mr. Watson succeeded in sending; them away on very even terms. Plenty and Russia were the first one attended by Copenhagen As they got fairly going Russia took the lead, with The Crash and Calm next, Copenhagen being about fourth. Along the back Bustle led by about a length with the order amongst the others unchanged Fien to moved into a forward position as they came round the turn past the training ground and Pigeons improved his position. Austin led them round and into the straight, with Calm and The Crash next all the horses being close together Bustle retained his lead to the distance, where Linburn came out followed by Cop huge. Kinburn took the lead and within the distance G Naroo made a late run but failed to catch the leader who won by a length, Cheddar a head behind, just beating Bustle for third place The Serf was filth. Copenhagen sixth Samoan seventh be Plenty and Lapstone followed by Alas... ere the three last In are 1min. 44sec MELBOURNE STAKES, Of 30 SOMe each with 500 added second, 100 SOVS., third 50 Was Weight for age one mile and a quarter air J White's ch b Abercorn, by Chester On namon 6 yrs list. 8lb (Hales) 1 Mr W Gannon's br c Melos 4yrs 9st (Morton) 2 to I) S Wallace's b c Carbine, 4 yrs, 9st. (O Brien) - 3 Mr M O'shanassy ns br h Chicago, 0 >rs, Ost. 311 (A Campbell) 0 air a Collins' s cb h Nowmaster, 6 yrs Oat 616 (Cavanagh) 0 Mr J Chambers s oh h Cardigan aged, 9st 3lb (tins) 0 Mr J it ed its rn s b o Benzon 4 yrs, 8st (Red fern) 0 Dr H C White a b c And OUT, 3 yrs, 7st 12lbs (Harris. 0 tor J W Into 3 ch g M nee ure, 3 yrs, 7st 7lb. (Huxky) 0 Betting - Evens Aborooru 3 to 1 after Carbine, 5 to 1 agst Antrnui 8 to l also Melos An (a) us went away to the front as soon as the word was then being accompanied by Carbine for the first few strides secure then went up to Antwis and the pair took a clear lead of the others carbine dropping bat.) Neu master on the outside occupied third place Carbine being next with Cardigan beside him then Abercorn and Den/on, Chicago two lengths off being last As they patted the bridge And out and Sluccure together were two lengths ahead of Cardigan and Carbine, Newminster and Abercorn being next and Heenzo ii and Chicago last. There was no change of note in the positions as the went alone the back of the course And our and sinecure who were racing, together draw in a, further away from the fluid As they p wed the train me: sheds the lead but- pair of to defeating ahead of Carbine and Abercorn were now beginning to feet clear, and go in pursuit of the others. Melos was behind the and New master was next with Cheap. and iron in the rear Car but of and Abercorn began to e on Sinecure and An hens as they got to the turn into the straight the race now being faster than ever t t his was a let Lyth ahead of sincere as they turned into the straight run where Lar but, with Abercorn beside him, and Melos on the Ins. lee close on to the pair A) proj ching the distance Abercorn and Carbine came away together and Ant cus retired From the distance post to the winning pasts splendid contest took place between Abercorn and Carbine For 50 j aids the pair raced on almost exactly even terms and then Carbine begun to drop tightly back However be finished on gamely and whilst he was still fighting out the 0 mm with Mr White. cray. Melos who was next the inside rails made a late run and joined in the struggle. Abercorn shower or beat the pair, Melos being), only a short head behind him as they passed the post, while Carbine was half a neck behind Melos. Ant cus five lengths off was fourth S IU ten are fifth Chicago sixth Newminster seventh Cardigan eighth and lion on last, Time "7min. "2sec HOTHAM HANDICAP, Of 5 Sovs each with 200 added second, 60 tons third 30 sovs One mile and a half and a distance Mr J Wilson's ch f Chintz by First King HjpatU, Sjra list. Ulb (Redfearn) Mr It h Maitland's b h Meteor, aged 7st 10lb (A Campbell) 2. -2 Mr J cbaale na bro- Tartar, 4 yrs, 6st 7lb (Clause) 3 Mr J 'White's b c Singapore, 3 pre 8st. 8lb (Huxley) 0 Mr W Gannon's b o Wycombe, 4 yrs, 8st 7lb (Dunne) " Mr G Ucichans ch K Stanley, aged, 8st. Gib (Tomlin) Mr W Bailey s b h Teuton 5yrs 8st (Power) Mr J S Gill's b h Leroy aged 7st. 10lb (Martin O Brien) Mr W J Clarke s br h Menotti, 6 yrs, 7st 8lb (J Campbell) Mr J M Futcher us ch m Green Isle, aged, 7st 4lb. (Taylor) Mr J Turnbull's br h Tantallon, 6 yrs 7st. (I Parker) Mr G Davis's b h Dexter, Overs Bat 131 (Baring ton) Mr S G Cook's br The Wild Oat 3 yrs, 6st. 1915 (O Neill) Betting -3 to 1 each seat MuaapoR) and Meteor, 6 to I agst The Wild Oat g to 1 agst Tartar, '0 to 1 each agst Green Isle that Charts The horses were sent away to a very fair start Tantallon being the first one to show in advance of the line He was closely followed past the judges box by Chintz and Tartar while Dexter Stanley, Singapore and Teuton were the next of the others Wycombe Meteor and Mcuotii being in the rear Tartar took a clear lead as they turned away from the straight as I went along the riverside. Tantallon being in second place, with Chintz., D offer and Singapore next then followed W J Combe Green Isle and level, with Stanley Menotti, and Meteor in the rear of the t Id Tartar led Tantallon and Chintz past the bridge and as they went aloft g the back of the course Tartar was two lengths in front of Chintz Tantallon Icing two lengths behind the filly Singapore Wycombe The Wild Oat and Teuton were next and Menotti was last As they approached the far turn, three quarters of a mile from home, Chintz went up and took the lead Tartar occupying second place with Wycombe third Singapore being next and Meteor who was improving his position was beside him I have? led them around the bend along the training ground able We combe and Tartar being second and third with Meteor getting still nearer the front. He was fourth (on the outside) as they passed the half mile post and was upon terms with V»}cou)bo an 1 Tartar as Chintz led them into the straight At thodiamnco Meteor on the outside was even with Chintz while Tartar and Wycombe were close behind A fine finish took place between Meteor aim Chi ii 17 but the all won by a head from the old horse Tartar a length and a half off being third Wycombe was fourth Green Isle Ultb I ere, sixth Singapore seventh Tantallon eighth The Will Out Stanley and Dexter being next while Teuton and Menotti were but Time, 2min closed Till WOTOMA DERBY, Of 25 nova each with 1 000 sovs and a trophy value 100 Sovs (press used by Mr L 11 Moss) added, second "200 third 100 sovs One mile and a half Mr J White's ch o Dreadnought, by Chester Trafalgar Sit. 10lb (T Hales) 1 Mr J OLoughlausbloIUchelleu by Richmond Miss Harriet Best. 10lb (ii Power) 2 Mr J White's br g Rudolph by Martini Henry Hunk 1st. jib (Huxley) J Mr A G Brodribb s bo Prince Consort 8st 10lb (Ramage) 0 Mr S Gardiner's bro Lovat Stone, 9st. 10lb (Call) nan) 0 Mr S Browne's b c Carrington Sat 40lb (tray) O Rr S Browne's b c Tintin ber 8 10lb (Walker) 0 air l> O Brien s b or br c Dunkeld, Sot. 10lb (O Orion) Betting -5 to 2 on Dreadnought 6 to 1 agst Rlchcliuu, 10 to 1 each agst Dunkeld and Ru dolph the horses gave a great deal of trouble at the port Rudolph on the outside being particularly HE behaved she reared several times and seemed likely to three v himself down and he twisted and turned in every direction when Mr Watson had to lie. to put them into line The favourite Dreadnought was in the centre and he was very quiet and Prince Consort also was well behaved He was next the inside rails and bad Tintauder and Dunkeld close to him When Mr Watson sent til our away Prince Consort and Dunkeld did not so with the others, and lost several lengths Prince Consort standing at the post after the others were galloping away Rudolph was the quickest Into his arm le and as they passed the judge a box he was a length in front of Loyal Stone with Tiulander on the inside rails next. Then came Richelieu Dreadnought and Carrington, Dunkeld and Prince Consort being in the rear As they turned away for the straight and went along the riverside Ttulander, who was favoured slightly by his Inslilo berth (of a length s lead of Rudolph, who was two lengths ahead of Loyal Stone Then, after another interval of two lengths came the favourite, with Itlehelicuon his quarter Dunkeld Carrington and Prince Consort bright g up the rear Tinlander made the pace as they went along the river bank, Rudolph still occupying second place with the others following is unchanged order Tin 1 lander was length and a half clear of Rudolph's , they passed the bridge and turned along the back of the course, and Loyal Stone retained his position as third As they passed the seven furlongs post and raced towards the far turn at the abattoirs Tin lander was taking them along being three lengths ahead of Rudolph who was five lengths) in front of Loyal stone. A length IN hind Mr Gardiner a colt was Dread none, be with Ki one who is a length behind him Prince Consort next and Dunkeld and Carrington last Tinlander ted them past the training sheds where Rudolph closed upon him and Loyal Stone gave his third place up to Dreadnought I lonelier still keeping close to the favourite As they passed the half mile post Tinlander retired from the lead, and Rudolph took first place next the rails Dreadnought being second, Tinlander third, and Richelieu close behind There was no sign of Dunkeld, Car , nation or Prince Consort getting any further forward When Rudolph led them into the straight he was a length in advance of Dreadnought wot o Richelieu was only a length away, Prince Consort being the next of the others with Dunkeld close behind him Below the distance Dreadnought Joined Rudolph and KiuheUou also joined in on the outside, the struggle home then returned need Richelieu getting fairly on terms with the favourite The three kept close to the inside rails and at the full distance Dreadnought was half a length in front of Richelieu while Rudolph had pulled out from his inside position and was racing after them on the one side Richelieu finished gamely, but Dreadnought beat him at the south by a length and a quarter, Rudolph who was third being a similar distance away Prince Consort four lengths behind was fourth Dunkeld side Tinlander sixth Loyal, Stone seventh and Carrington last. Time 2min 41sec. Net value including trophy is 510 \WN\hHS OF THE V RC DFRin Winn Co 1857-. Mr V Green Tricolor 1878 Mr T Austin Brownlock 1851 Mr J Orr fRuzzard 1860 Mr G WatsoniUjing Co I fours 1861 Mr Dowling Camden this Mr Harper Barwon lbUJ Mr Lang Oriflamme lb( Mr Usher Lantern St i Mr Fisher Arrester both Mr Fisher ISeiiruH 1867 Mr J Tait fireworks 1848 Mr J Tait Hreworki snell Hutton Henderson Treacey Thornton W. and of ok lang Simpson and. Ian Morrison Manley Stanley Duffy libel Mr Moffatt My Dream ....._,, late Mr tibiar Charon 7 Morrison 1870 Mr J Tait Moreiice stanley 18 Mr J Wilson Miss JIMIO1 7 Wilson IS"' Mr W WlmhLoup Garou 8 Grand 1871 [Mr W tileateUpidlst li Grubb 1874 Mr J Tait Melbourne on 11 Ashworth 1875 Mr De Mestre Robin Hood 10 Donnelly "" . Briseis 0 Hales 2 43 Chester II Pigott 2 43 Wellington i Griffin i - 47 1888 Mr J Wilton 1871 Mr J WMLo 1878 Mr T Bee 1870 Mr H H vie lKaO Mr W lone 1851 Mr H Dakin 1882 Mr De Mestre ISM Mr White loSt Mr M Jacobs IhSj Mr J White 1884 Mr T White 1887 Mr W Gannon >>eimuton your man Suwarrow 'JJ Walsh r I nee Ila near Darebin Navigator Martini Henry lVHalca 2 44 Flower 2 44 IO Hales 2 44 OlWlllmm Rufus Nordenfeldt Trident Australian 110 Price 81 Ellis Hates 9 Gorry sales Billies 'Run on New Years Day PEDIGREE OF THE WINNER. Op a pie (In, the |p.,"u«yOra)LH.rou Trot (imp.) Alice Grey The Baron PoethonUs Harkaway Zeila (Queen Mary Toxophillte Pantaloon Camel Brown Ben THE. MARIBYRNONG PLATE Of 30 sovs each with 1 GOO Boy s and a trophy value 100 sovs. (presented by Mr Mark Moss) added second 100 sovs third, 200 Sovs for two year olds Uve furlo says. Mr S O Cook and The Admiral by Richmond -Footstep Bat 10lb (E Po for) 1 Mr J White's b ( Utter by Martini Henri Uralla Sst 611 (Hales) 2 Mr V S. W at once s br of by ilga by Epigram Nellie Sst jib (O Brien) 3 Mr J M Laughlin s ch c Correze 9st 5lb in cluding Ib pe party (Norton) 0 Mrs G Cook's ch c The Spot 9st 10lb. (Itamaee) 0 Mr L H Austlischo Enuc 8st 10lb. (Alwin) Q Mr J B. Clark's ch c River as Sst lulu, (tills) 0 Mr S M Here is of March 8st 10lb) (Turner) 0 Mrs. I yards in 3 ch o I o never see RMS (Callinan) 0 Mr J Chaafe ns bro- King William Sst Will. (for nT) 0 Dr I) OBrionaboWhinberol 8st 10lb (Harris) 0 Mr J Wilson, Jun . b f Magic Circle 9st 5lb (Gahan) 2 0 Mr li Do over E n I Alf ere Sst, 51 (Quinn) 0 Mr J Croz Fr s I r f Hermitage Sst jib (Tomlin) 0 Mr A. Davies na br f Clare, 8st 5lb (A Camp bell) 0 Mr J White's b Prelude Ss 5lb (Huxley) 0 Betting, -3 to a seat Correze 7 to 1 each act Utter and HcrmlUiro 10 to 1 each at King IA of Ham Magic Circle Prelude and The Admiral 4" to 1 ast VVhlmberel 14 for East Clare 0 to 1 each a st Allegro Wilga, The Spot Riverina, and March There was considerable delay at the post owing to the unruly conduct of some of the runners Marsh in particular being all over the place They broke away backs once and will run some distance down the straight At length they were so it off to a moderately good start of which Marsh had the worst. Riverina who was next the inside rails Correze Utter and Whlmterel got well away and as they crossed the tan the front row consisted of Riverina Utter Admiralty numbered Marsh and walls. When they came to the course proper Riverina, The Admiral and Correze nearest the inside rails were in the front rank and almost on terms with them were Tjtterand Clare In the centre of the course with Magic Circle Wilga aid Wbiuibcrel on the outside, below the distance IN bombshell who was on the carriage paddock side racing in company with Magic Circle and Wales had half a le nth s lead of the pair named while TI e Admiral and bitter were about on terms with them Clare a id Riverina were also holding their places but Correze had dropped back a little « 1 seemed to be unable to keep with the leaders At the distance The Admiral and bitter with We also had a slight lead of any others IVaiuiborc! Clare and Magic Circle bet in next. A highly oxcitingflnlsh took plsLebetweon The Admiral and Utter resultinginlbe A final game tug the A victory by a short head by Uga a length away being third Clare was a good fourth Magic C race filth and A hampered with all being close up Prelude Correze Allegro a id Marsh were next, while time hermitage and Loiterer were last Time Ituin 4RO Net vol c of the stake i eluding trophy £10 j WINNERS OF THE MARIBYRNONG PLATE, ISrilMr J Thompson [Argus year 1872 Mr J Wilson IS 3 Dr Hill e 1871 Mr J Wilson, 'Messrs Chirnside IS BSlrU RODIIISOU 1877 Mr DeMestre lb 3 Mr L. Lee 18 0 lion J W White ISM) Mr J W»k'i"«* """it Mr J Hart dal Dae near Stockbridge Maid of All Work Newminster Hales a Vulcan Nullo Palmyra T W come Jack of lavinia I8SIII011 J White SA Mr C. I« Cox lSSJMr 1 White lBSlMr J H Hill lSSjMr J White IsSG Mr C U Macdonald Hortense lSb Mr I Wilson jun for adele Nara a Iotm the Newstead Acme s Hkler 1 1 this Wilson-a 1 0 16 Wilson J I Hardy W Wilson Js'P J Huey Sir Brown 9 I) Colley "3 Huxley Yom a Wyman JO! from ns UTieott IS Kills 0 Quinn 10 T Hales IS Cat 1 bil 13 Moore ISO Brien 10 Power 18 161 141 R -I P. Private watches made it lode. 5sec t A dead heat t private times made It In lo 4sec PEDIGREE OF THE WINNER. Village Lass Toryboy Baroness Harkaway Potteen The Baton Pocahontas Pyrrhus I Maid of Hart Newminster The Slave Stockwell Lady Evelyn n COBURG STAKES Of 5 sons each with 300 added second 60 Sovs., third SO sovs. One mile and a furlong Mr J Cripps's or li Boz by Bosworth Hypatia, 5 vee Ost 811 (Umpire) Mr J numbers but Fishwife G yrs 8st. 7lb TO Union) Mr J White's br f Sequel 3 yrs 7st, 8lb (Huxley) Mr OF Agnes abo Chaldean 3 yrs, 8st 111 (him) Mr S G Cook's slim The Charmer, 6 yrs 8st 7lb (Power) Mr T Sampson s li h Bothwell, 6 yrs, 8st 5lb (3 with) Mr J Kelly ns br h hands, 6 yrs 7st 12 lb. (J Cat shell) Mr G Keighran's b h Harbinger, 3yrs, 7st 7lb (To all ) Mr. R James s br f Adventurous, 5yrs 7st 5lb (Jaques) Mr A Chirnside a b forest Queen, 6yrs 7st 3lb (Redfearn) H Betting -3 to 1 agst Sequel 4 to 1 first Bothwell 5 to 1 west The Charmer 7 to 1 each ag t Chaldean and I Ishvvlte, 8 to 1 each agst Boz Lucas and her finger Bothwell was first away with Forest Queen next to him Then came Sequel and The Charmer while the others were shipped in by Chaldean Harbinger lost no time in coming to the front on the route] to and taking. the lead Bothwell on ming In second place with Adye it are is, The Charmer and Sequel next Boz and Itshwlto being lost. lamb ger led Both well past the abattoirs and court ground towards the street the still brought them alone Bothwell being second with The Charmer showing prominently on the 0 its de Theatre were nearly in a line M they got into the straight with Sequel ber In them Harblt ser led them in and Sequel made an effort to cat It him Boz an 1 Hehwlle also shown e out. Below the distance Box had got upon the inside and Fishwife on the 0 si le bean 1 being in the centre Harbinger now retired and Boz was left li the lead of which Fishwife aid Sequel were trying hard to deprive him However he won by a length from fishwife who was half a ton gth In front of Sequel Harbinger was a good fourth The Charmer Sith Both well. sixth Chaldean seventh arrest Q (ecu eighth Adventurous ninth and A. less last. a Hindu uses lime 