SUMMARY. War.' . " Star. Samoa. Martial law. Dilko withdrawn, Riots in Hungary. Whore's Unole Sam ? Maoris licked Exeter. Just before the battle. War olouds over Samoa. Samoa wants Protootion. 1 Mr. O'Brien, M.P., gaoled. . Crown Prinoe Rudolf dead. Mr. J. P. Abbott for Wentworth. Parkes raising the Kiama Ghost again. Samoa Times suppressed. Anti Gormen. Splendid entries for Warwick Farm raoes. Raoing to-morrow at Rosehill at reduoed rates. First forfeits are due this afternoon for Newmarket Handicap and Australian Oup. Stab ten pages again to-day. Cheers for Proteotion. ' War against Mataafa in Samoa by Germany, ahd martial law proolaimed. Mr. Goorgo Day addressed a very largo and enthusiastio meeting at Albury last evening. Wollongong Agrioultural Show very sue- easeful. Messrs. M'Kinnon and Ruthvon were splendidly reoeivod at Taree last night. Speoial editions of tho Star will bo pub lished to-morrow evening, containing tho poll for the various eleotorates. Four thousand eleotors assembled at Wil- cannia to hear the Hons. E. Barton aud F. B. Sutter. The Ministers were most heartily reoeived, and a vote of confidenoe was oarried amidat enthusiasm. Mr. Balmain Frco-trade Garrard says it is bettor to foster individual colonial manafao- tares by moans of a bonus than to adopt a Protective tariff. Hawthorne, at the Balmain nomination yesterday, attempted to strengthen his oase by abnsing his opponents, but was howled at, . and had to desist. An extensive fire occurred atNarrabri this morning, when a whole row of business places and private residences was destroyed. Beohor, who iv opposing See for Grafton, is secretary to the local branch of the Land Nationalisation League, and stands as a Pro tectionist. Becher says he is running for Grafton to save the district from being disfranchised daring Mr. See's absenoe, and will resign, if called upon so to do, on that gentleman's re turn. Miss Cassy Martin, one of tho best horse women in the colony, mado some wonderful performances over tho stiokB at Wollongong Show yesterday. . Daniel Shcehy, M.P., six months' im prisonment. Local Government Bill for Scotland. A. A. Co. doolare £2 10s per share, which nil goes to England. Eleotion for 52 new members to-morrow. Mr. Fletcher got the Newcastle show of hands. Phenomenal quantity of Viotorian wheat passing through Albnry. Plasterers go on strike to-morrow. Charles Arnold's benofit at the Criterion to-night. _ Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan presented with a aillr bannor inscribed " Australia's National Policy.', .' Fitzgerald and Joliok, mate and; steward of \ the Fairhght, pluckily sprang overboird and ' rescued a drowning boy at. Ma dy last night. The complete schedule in the insolvency of Mr. W. K. Thompson, of Melbourne, shows liabilities £107,548, and assets £01,3Si'. Mr. J. P. Abbott, who is contesting I3ast Sydney, w»s yesterday elected unopp Mod for his old constituency, Weutworth. Speoial editions of the Star will bo pub lished to-morrow evening, containing the poll for the various electorates. At a trial of natives at Samaria on January 18, for the murder of Captain Anoill, fonr were condemned to be hanged, five were sentenced to ono year, and one to 18 months' imprisonment. Sir Charles Dilke has withdrawn his candi dature for a seat on tho London County Coonoil. Elections take place to-morrow for 52 members of Parliament. The Melbourne Exhibition was closed yes' terday with tho usual ceremony. The Bulli, Coal Co. yesterday deolared a dividend of 124 per cent. Rose Ellen Conway, 5 yelrs, out to pieces by a Redfern tram'. Boatman Charles Jansen mysteriously drowhod from, or killed in, his boat at Gun- dsgai. Mammoth mining combination proposed at Creswiok to trace continuation of the Madame E. Berry gold lead. Special arrangements have been made for publishing the very earliest information -regarding tho results of to-morrow's elections -outside the Australian Star office. Judge Fitzhardinge at tho Quarter Sessions yesterday sentenoea William Thos. Morris, a, .youth, to 12 months' hard labor in Maitlaud Gaol for attempting to commit an unnatural \- offence. At tho Quarter Sessions yesterday Samuel : Francis, a Cingalese, was found guilty of a -charge of illegally pawning, and remanded -.for sentence. Mataafa, King of Samoa, has a thorny "billet. Woollen goods dealers in Ottawa, Canada, are asking for Protection to keep out English shoddy. i Canadians want to shut off English shoddy woollen goods altogether. German Consul Knappe-at Samoa ought to get the sack. ICnappe sack. England ndver thought of annexing thoso French islands. Not Bhe. Wbon Unole Sam hearaof Germany's latest in Samoa, Germany will hear somomoah from Uncle Sam. South Australia's loan is .£1,300,000. Such a little cue. Floquet Ministry expect a majority in tho waut of confidence division in the Chamboc ot Deputies. "Show of hands in favor of Protootion." Whioh is why tho S.M. Herald wants nomi- nations abolished. Lord Salisbury states tbat England novor dreamt of annexing or establishing a protee- toctorate oyer the T'ubuai Islands. Mr. David £haehy, M.P. for South Galway, has boen sontonccd to six months' imprison ment for inciting tenants nob to pay rent. The CuBtoms collootiona in Queensland during January were £77, 298, being an in crease of £24,307 as compared with January of last year. The Quoon's Jubileo Buildings in Culling" wood, oonstruotod for oharitable purposes were formally opened yesterday. Mr. J. D. Young says that tho dogs would not bark at Parkes now as ho went along the street. Nelson and "victory" are historionl. History repeats itself. They'll bo united in West Sydney to- morrew. Mr. Nelson, one of tho Protectionist oindi- datos for West Sydney, says that tho only mineral Abigail knows anything about is tho lapstone. Mr. Wearno, one of tho Protectionist candi dates for West Sydnoy, says that the Foreign trade candidates for that elootorato'aro two butchers, a Lamb and a Hidoman. J. D. Young sayB that Parkes left his toys mud John Davios his anvil, and have boen iblood-suokerB ever Binoo. Special oditions of tho Star will bo pub lished to-morrow evening, containing tho poll for the various eleotorates. Mr. Wright, one of the Free-trade can didates for Northumberland, was aooordod a no-confidence voto at J esmond laBt night. Newcastle J.C. rights in connection wit tho approaching meeting yesterday realised 28209 10B.; ' 