BETHESDA HOME FOR FRIENDLESS WOMEN. A meeting of the friends and supporters of the institution was held yesterday at the Home, 452, Oxford-street, Paddington. The Rev. Mr. Savage presided. Several ladies and gentlemen were present. A statement of the work of the Home was given by Mr. Nicholas J. Downing, from which it appears that good and valuable work was being wrought and that whilst the necessity for its operations was clearly established, it had attained very marked efficiency. Several handsome contributions were reported, amongst them being a valuable and timely gift of tea, sugar, and flour from Mr. Kidman. An interesting discussion took place as to the best means of extending the work of the institution ; when it was determined to adjourn the meeting for a week, and to invite a number of ladies and other friends to aid in carrying out the plans proposed. The laundry and needlework undertaken are giving most valuable assistance, and the meeting determined to promote such plans as will make this society self supporting. Mrs. Alfred Allen and the other ladies present undertook to invite the attendance of the ladies of Woollahra, Paddington, and Waverley to the adjourned meeting on the 7th November at 4 p.m., and the ministers present undertook to make it known to their respective congregations. The monthly meeting of the Animals' Protection Society was held on Wednesday last. There were present, Messrs. B Cocks in the chair), W. Beaumont C H. Myles, the secretary (J Sidney) and Inspector G. Webber. Complaints having been received that the horses employed at the works in duplicating the Illawarra line were illtreated, the secretary and inspector reported that they had examined all the horses at work between Waterfall and Sutherland, i id, with few exceptions, found them free from wounds and in good condition Summary. of homely work for the month Prosecutions, la, conVictions 11 cases withdrawn, I 2, dismissed 1, complaints received and investigated, 6 cautions issued, 42 Anal) six of conduction. - Working horses suffering from wounds 4 working lame and decrepit horses, 6 cruelty to cockatoos, 1 The New South WRISS Zoological Societvhelda meeting yesterday afternoon, when the following gentlemen were present -Hon R H D White (in the chair;, Captain Ghest, Mr Charles Moore, Mr William Beaumont, Mr. Neil, and the secretary, Mr V. H Cathlett The secretary presented his report, which was received and adopted The total receipts for the four weeks ended the 31st October were £112 ss The number of visitors that passed through the state during the month numbers 1 6474. of whom 4074 were adults In addition to this 367 school children, accompanied by 87 teachers, visited the Zoo during the month On October 8 the society received four very pretty grey squirrels from A money On October 28 the Parliament of this colony voted the very liberal sum of £3000 to the society, which was paid into the City Bank by the Colonial Treasurer. This sum had enabled the society to pay off its heavy overdraft at the bank, and the balance was just sufficient to cover all outstanding debts (except the aquarium fund for the current year The most noteworthy donations received during the month more Four French (two of which are very fine indeed from Mr E B Woodhouse, of Mount Gilead, and a penguin from Captain T Times Skimmer, of the schooner Bessie Maud The society had also purchased an American eagle All the gentlemen present were unanimous in their opinions with regard to a Government subsidy, stating that unless the society received its annual sutisnK from the Government it could not carry on Mr Chas Moore nun ed, and Mr Neill seconded, "That a deputation consisting of Mr White, Captain Ghost, Mr Brows, and the secretary, wait upon the Colonial Secretary and submit to him a statement in writing of the probable income and expenditure of the society, and point out that unless an annual subsidy of £2000 be granted to it, such as was done in Victoria to the extent of £3800, and in South Australia the £2000, it would be impossible for the society to exist " The whole of the gentlemen present said that the Government should regard the society as an educational agency, and should certainly assist them They believed that if a sum could be placed on the Estimates for such a purpose it would be carried, as a large majority of the representatives of the people were in favour of it. It was also decided that in future the superintendent of the gardens should report all deaths of any of the animals, no matter how small they were 