FROM MY NOTE BOOK. Hi "1KB TAGA bO:xU.ri AT BAPLES. "feeSKia and die.1' Sa r=a tie aid pro- vtrij, To ireeeilen or rail free Rsos or Toa the fist tot cf N ihes zs cat 7'-i sm- pressrr- Est frera the m Naples a orr- taialr a Est ieaxtifrri . place. . And yet, I e'-'heV that I fcae »«= tmsj as frrrely. A uriraiisn trareHen by tie Orient rente tare an oppjrixciiy of a day a&ere; at N aplei. The vqyajs altcg the Mediterranean frost Port Said a a cost eiarau- injc eras. Pazrips ilroogh the Straits of lles- SeyEa arid Chaiybii. oa either side, Hossi Etna ferneris; is the distant, Siroz&sli;, another active roisaco, crrerkmtg by a njadswa topped clxtd of sraohe, the day's voyzre along this coast cf Southern Italy is as beautiful as can need Hcoai&m; heights, ferule . slopes rovered with vineyards and olive grores, villages and mall towns pereked in rocky recesses over sheltered leys which afford rare anchorage and harbor for railing craft, the crosses glittering on ft tall campaniles of the church towers, gloomy castles, often in rains, dominat ing both chinch and town, white rillas built in later and more peaceful years dotting the hills act water "'i — the hand of man has im proved Mature is ma'cing everything baantifsL The promontory and rains of Mis mum recall the days when the navy of Bosse lay at anchor here. The Bay of Sorrento brings memories of Port Phillip. Sir Charles Garan Dnffy had reason in naming oar favorite watering place after this Italian one. There is a certain likeness in the pistaresqne outlines of the shore, and in the clear waters, and in the clearer shy. Italy does not possess a more beautiful atmosphere than oars. In this respect Naples possesses one of the greatest charms to visitors from cold foggy England and Northern Europe. To su from the Antipodes this is no novel attraction. Italy cannot surpass Anstralia in climate. Capri looms op on the left. "We are soon sailing near Us rocky cliffs. The qcdei sea gently lares the base of the beetling precipice, on the summit of which are the rains of the Villa Joris. There the tyrant Tiberias Cxsar lived a life which even in the days when existence eras one uniform plane of selfishness bonified all men. The bodies of the victims of his hate or passing anger were hurled from those heights, and dashed from the rocks into the waters beneath. . The place reeked of blood and murder. It is a spot which should be as accursed as any on earth. Tet the centuries have rolled on and Tiberius and his victims are forgotten. As the sea has washed away the blood, so oblivion has barred the acts. Peaceful vineyards cover the inland slopes, and the villages are the resort of winter tourists, who find fair accommodation in the hotels, and who climb up to the reins of the Palaoe and flirt and spoon on the spot where bloodthirsty Imperial Cresar issued those edicts which held the world in awe. If ever place should be haunted it is Capri. Yet they cannot raise a ghost there. Instead of that they have started an English church, Capri already having a Catholic cathe dral and bishop. But B.C. bishops are as plentiful in Italy as colonels in America. At everyplace on the Continent where two or three English families are gathered together a wan dering Protestant preacher will settle down and start in business. Capri is a cheaper and more healtbyplacetoresideinthanNaples. The women are perhaps the most lovely in Europe. They are quite a distinct race to the Neapolitans on the main land a few miles distant. I imagine that there is a strain of Arab blood in them, or of some of the barbarian followers of Cssar who made up the settlement here in tho early days. Capri resembles Tasmania in that there is an overwhelming proportion of female inhabitants, Tho majority of the native males are absent on fishing boats or diving for coral. The view of Naples from the sea is strangely familiar. One appears to have left it but yes terday. Those who have never bcon here before must recognise Naples by the crowning feature of its landscape — Vesuvius.. Everyone has soon this volcano represented on thousands of act drops, Blage scenes, wood cuts and chromos. "Without Vesuvius the Bay of Naples would not bo as beautiful as Sydney harbor. Vesuvius with its faint column of white smoko ever rising from tho crater has a strange, unreal appearance. It looks like the background of one of Mr. George Gordon's magnificent stage sets. But take away Vesuvius, and Australians would find tho view of Naples only ordinarily attractive. As re gards tho city itself I docidcdly think Sydney from tho water is more beauti ful. Certainly there is a sort of symmetiy in the manner in which tho houses of Naples rise one nbovo the other from tlis water's edge, tho crosses on the Cathedral and churches, and tho castle of St. Elmo standing out in bold relief. At early night time, when the city is lighted up, Naples from tho sea looks most picturesque. But whou you land a great deal of the romance disap pears. Naples is one of tho dirtiest cities in Europe, or tho world. It is a city of ovil odors. Much has been said, and with truth, against our sanitary arrangements ir, Melbourne. Many say they could not bo worse. They should go to Naples. Narrow streets and high houses prevent proper ventilation. This is a oity full of disease and malformity. In one half hour in Naples tho traveller will see more cripples, monstrosities in human form, than In Australia in a life time. Tho proverb " Sec Naples and die " would I think in my case bo realised if I attempted to live here. Tiio beauties of tho bay, and tho water and tho sky, and of distant Vesuvius, cannot make up for the lack of cleanliness and decency amongst all classes at Naples — princes, priests and peasants alike. A well known pioneer squatter, now residing in sod to me the ©iter day thai be fore saw a danger of ibe yocog Kfbo=ai people is tie fatsre brisg wiibaci legs, or at least with tie weakest frasrole suppora. "No cms walks Eowaczy i" rail Mrs B_ "Tie stbsioa rail ways were bad eaotigh, tet snr lis; you have got the tramways a ad elevated yen r sever give esereusa ie yon calves. Thirty yeas ago I csei to walk in from Tooeak to Me'teftrrve, now tie yomgesi clerk ate a tram ride if he has to go two bteiu cur bnteiL At tils rate in 33 yeas yon will be absolutely writemt legs in tirs crty." Eat en tie ss=s authority tie present AsstraEsa is degenerate in ether ways. "When I to into crura now and hear men call ing for half riassei of whisky and cigarettes I think of the days wiea we who founded tie colony used to drink Kg sobbkzs and smoke Barrett's twist." If Ke&oarce; is getting to resemble Naples in tie bright of its boBdicgs, in other respects the latter city is, from Mr. E-'s point of view, to be preferred as a dace where the people 21 develop muscular legs through a course of train ing is going op and down the stairs, of .fry wonderful high booses. If yea can Imagine little ColHcs-street, bordered on each side by houses as tall as PretTs-baHdings or FinkVbuUdmgi, you will have a general idea of tie streets of Naples. . A few dirty alleys like those in the Chinese quarter of little Bourie-streei would complete the resemblance. One recognises now why large wax matches are principally made in Italy. The people light their way an tie stairs at night with them. Piking through tie streets of Naples it makes one's head ache to endeavor to make out the features of the fiai- capped young girls who are looking out from "tie iron balconies of the top lofts. I daresay wa should be disenchanted on a nearer view. Naples has four show planes. Tha Cathedral of San Gennaro or Si Jannarius, the San Carlo Theatre, the Eoyal Palaoe and the Eoyal Museum. At the latter there is a wonderful and most interesting collec tion of relics from Pompeii and Hereol- aneum. Travellers will be generally first taken to the cathedraL The doorways are finely carved, and the granite columns are said to have once belonged to ihe Temple of Apollo, the pride of the Boman city of Neapolie. After viewing the churches of Borne those of Naples seem much poorer and more dirty; but, for the matter of thai, Si. Peter's and St. Paul's at Borne, although thsy are like gorgeous jewel cases, are not kept very clean. A Catholic lady of our party says to me, "St. Peter's was magnificent, but I could not help noticing that it was also dirty. And the wicked, frowsy looking old monks in seedy brown cloth cloaks, sitting lazily chanting, did not add to the beauty of the surrounding?. If anything could turn me from my religion it would be the appearance of those dirty priests and monks we saw at Borne." At Naples everything connected with ihe Catholic religion is a little meaner and a little dirtier. Thecathedralof San Gennaro, the patron saint of Naples, is noted: ihat it contains two phials of the worthy gentleman's blood. Twice or thrice a year there is a revival rally at the cathedraL Priests then bring out these phials, which "miraculously" liquify in a certain time. Scientists say that the clotted fluid dis solves by the heat of the hand. People have to contribute to the funds of the cathedral to witness this "miracle," although I am1 not aware that any material or spiritual good is sup posed to arise therefrom. Any conjuror can " show our eyes " a better trick, and Pro fessor Kennedy with his mesmeric power outdoes this and all the other miracles of the saints. There are of course beggars and cripples on the steps of the Cathedral of San Gennaro. Naples is full of beggars and thieves. The most noted pickpockets in Europe are here. "The greatest of Garibaldi's triumphs," said a young Neapolitan nobleman of my acquaint ance, who fought under the hero of Caprera, " was that when he entered Naples, after con quering tho two Sicilies, the people for that one day forgot to steaL'Jt Arounjl'the cathedral we sec, too, some picturesque ragged boys in charge of small flecks of ewe goats, which are driven about; through the streets to supply milk to the inhabitants. Many of the women are quaintly dressed after the opera louffc style, in tight bodices without corsets, and in short skirts and square fiat- topped caps, the origin of which was to enable them to carry burdens on their heads. But when I now revisit Italy, after many long years, I see generally a woful change in the costumes and customs of the people. Thirty years ago the people of Naples, if superstitious and degraded, had at least artistic perceptions in the matter of dress. Now tho Neapolitans and Southern Italians generally appear to mo to have lost all taste in color. A more ordinary looking, badly dressed crowd one could not meet with. The women and men have all taken to imitations of the cheap Paris fashions. The travelling Eng lish "Milor," with his vulgar tourist suit, has bad hia share in degrading the taste of the Neapolitans. Youths in good positions in life, a3 Neapolitan society goc3, stroll about attired in loud checks, just as tho English tourist docs. With their dark, heavy Semitic features and short stature, the Neapolitan youths wo meat in the ca/is have no hotter appearanco than low London Jew boys or larrikins. The women, with their "switchback" hats and "improvers," are not by any means to bo compared in style and tasteful costumes to the Melbourne girls as seen on the "Block" or at Caulflcld or Flcmiugton. I don't think that at any capital in Europe one will meet worsa or more vulgarly dressed men and women than now in Naples. It Is tho feast of Corpus Domini, tho Body of God. All Naples is rejoicing and making holi day, as it would make holiday on a fesia of tho Corpus Diaboli if such wore in the calendar of Holy Church. It makes holiday as it did in the days when Venus and Apollo and Jupiter aud Saturn were worshipped on these shores, and Pompeii and Herculaneum were the resorts of Roman fashion, and life was pleasant and wicked and sweet, and there was no thought of this m-Mrov or of the c-ra-iiT destrar- tsco rviden in ihs depths cf Vemvius, ihtss as now. It is ta the ifced of the people of Seethem Italy. The smallest exesse suffices for a fesxival. The love e£. life and cf £ih inherited freer Greek asses ses is enha-rgd by the environments of rit-tate aod aBoczaizoo. pecxsle are bom to do except make holiday. Toey fulfil their destiny as much as In ihe afternoon all the wet Li of Naples is driving on the fifrisrx di Ckiaja, .. whse there are public Enrd-ns facte; the bay, and a few gwd hotels and ihe palaces of wealthy princes and" bankers. On the Cafqfa yea recognise that the Naples of to-day is thoroughly dszno- usfie. If yen do not exactly see the prototype of the I/mdun costermonger, still there are pecjfie driving about here in broken down hired carriages who appear of a very low stage in ihe social grade. Neither in I as&sn;, Paris. Berlin nor Vienna have I seen saeh a strange nurture of people. I suppose it is because the inhabi tants have so mush climbing of stairs in reaching their . chambers that the summit of everyone's ambition seems to be to take a drive. One sees all the -v, and the fashion, and the beauty of Naples on the Ghiaja on this dry of Corpus Domini, and you also see all the (ourgeoite, and shop beys and girls, and artists, azsd artisan, who have saved up enough money to hire a carriage for au hour. Carriages, homes and occupants are generally most ordinary. The beggars of Naples instinctively scent out a new chum. Thsy don't worry their com patriots much, but sue the Australians with mute appeals for charity. The people of Southern Italy make as much use of pantomimic action as the natives of the South Seas. Two men silting down at a cafe appear to carry on an animated conversation with the agency of their fingers. There is an occasional altro which bringsareplyofafrro, and a shake of the finger, the one word with tins pantom ime having quite a different meaning to the other. There is an entire absence of the picturesque lartaroni oi former years. Peripatetic vendors of various trifles force their wares upon your notice. There are scores of these hawkers, who oae and all appear to be possessed with the idea that we have an insane desire to purchase canes. It may be that thsy recognise their probable use in beating off other importunate ones. The flower girls add to the number of our tormsntore. The Neapolitan Sower girl is a disappointment. She is generally aged and ugly, in fact I question if we see a handsome woman in all Naples. Canes and photographs and cigarettes are the principal things forced npon travellers. Most articles in Naples appear to be reasonable enough, much cheaper than in England, and yet thfr is a strictly protectionist country. "Pree-trade,"says the Young Father, who is of our party, " is living on one's capitaL Protec tion is living on one's interest." Thi3 is an original remark, I believe, and the idea forces itself on one here in Italy. Living in Naples and the suburbs is far more reasonable than in Great Britain, and there are many English residents about Naples whose incomes are derived from free-trade England, and are spent to the be3i advantage in protectionist Italy. "VYc are in the Via Roma. A priest is walk ing down t he road. He is attended by a dozen filthy looking acolytes, some swinging censers, others carrying long sticks, in winch burning candles are placed, others holding a canopy over his bead. I wonuer how many Romish priests recognise this canopy, which figare3 so often in their processions, as the outcome of tho Hebrew Koopar, the shawl which fired on sp ear heads shaded thepriest in the deserts of Sinai andSyria, when he bared his head bomake sacrifice to the Lord of Ho sts. ThissNeapolitan priest is on a sacred mission. In his arms he bears the counterfeit presentment of the Child Christ. It looks like a good sized baby, and is in fact bat a wooden doll very shabbily attired in faded vestments. I ask a man in the crowd what this procession means ? He tells me that the Bambino is being taken to visit a sick person. If the patient is to get better, the Bambino will turn red, if he is to die it will turn pale ! Naples and Rome aro the only two places where I have seen a Bambino. In the capital of Italy and the Catholic Faith, the Child Christ is gorgeously bedizened with jewels and is taken in a carriage escorted by priests cloth ed in silk . and lace. It is a great and expensive thing for a good Catholic to get a visit from the Bambino. "I could never have be lieved that anyone would be so sup erstitious," says the Catholic lady of our party. Yet this Bambino as well as the San Gennaro fraud, is an ' authorised function of Holy Church. Another acquaintance of mine tells me that the Jesuits aud bettor educated Catholic priests do not believe in either the baby doll or the blood of Gennaro. But they say that tho Italians are so imaginative and impressive that they have to appeal to their feelings by every outward and visible sign. "I think," says tho Australian lady to mc, " that tho priests ought to teach the people of Naples in some manner that cleanli ness is next to godliness, and that soap and water are preventives to contagi on." The Italian clergy ignore ablutions altogether. Half the travelling world has been to Pompci;, and thousands have written their impressions. Tho bc3t and most humorous which I remember was The Fijian in Pomncii, by Mr. Thomas Parker, one of the early pioneers of civilisation in Lcvuka. I have no in tention of adding to tho tons of Pompoiinn literature. Travellers can read all about it in Baedeker's, and if Mr. Wilson Barrett should como out hero and play Claudian they will got an accurate idoa of the life and sudden destruc tion of the great city. Tho firework display of Mr. Jainos Pain which he called The Last Bays of Pompeii was also an excellent suggestion of what tho original may havo been. This clever piece of work is now being shown by Mr. Pain at Paris and is sure to be as popular there as it was hero. The lesson of Pompeii is of tho time as much as of tho ovont. Tho historian well says : — " It was a monstrous and unnatural poriod of gigan tic opulcuco and titanic sin ; a time bath of blood and luxury; when tho world ato aud drank more, and lied aud blasphemed mere, and was at oeeo one knewing and more snpez- stirioos than it has ever been kaewa to bs sines. Something tropica! is the effect that entering into it prodsnss on ihe imagination which still resins any healthy northern simplicity of character. Yon gasp for air. The sonl is in an atmosphere dose and hot ; elondy with coarse perfame; where the ffowers and Tegetaiion have, with monstrous proportions, something giaring and ghastly in their beauty, and some thing sickly in their breath. Fonl figures of every land swarm round you ; brawny mur derers from the Danube, and dusky greasy scoundrels from the Nile. All thai 13 bad ii near. There are sounds of revelry, which are allied with unutterable shame. The dashing of cymbals and the notes oi lntes, the gleam of gold and of wine, do not charm here ; they terrify. The smake of, the wicked feasts blots out the heaven above yon, and like the drifting smoke from a funeral pBe, is heavy with the odors of death. " The question comes to us now — is this Neapolitan world much better? Superstition is as great inNaples to- day as in Pcmpeii of old. Holy Church, all things to all men, "comes the countryman "in pander ing to the tastes of imaginative Italians, and in condoning the moral slips of its frail woman kind, whilst it claims credit in Ireland for pro moting what is only the natural virtue of the Celtic race, and in Australia acts as the patron of Irish patriots. And jet here in Naples, as m Rome, the church and its popes and its bishops and priests are more heartily despised by many so-called Catholics than anywhere in the world. Yet in this life in Naples there is still something tropi cal There are sounds of revelry and of music. The women, if not fair, are mobile. There is wine and laughter, and vice and crime under the shadow of the Cross, and the warning smoke of Vesuvius ever whitens the horizon. Vesuvius, in old days, may be said to have belonged to Naples, now it partly belongs to Thomas Cook and Sons, ibeTonrist Agents, who have purchased the Fnnicnlare Railway, which is an easy mode of ascent to the cone. Cook's gold banded polyglot couriers are at every steamer and at all the hotels ready to make arrangements to take a party to Vesuvius. And in Italy and the East a passing traveller had perhaps better place himself under the guidance of an accredited agsccy like this. In the old days it was quite a job to scale Vesuvius. You started with a party of guides, half a dozen to each person, and these pulled yon up before and pushed yon up behind in the energetic manner of the Arabs at the Great Pyramids. The experience is not a nice one for a lady. Now it is altogether dif ferent. The Funiculare railway runs up the heaviest incline of the mountain, being worked on somewhat the same principle as the tram ways in the slate quarries in "Wales. To go up Vesnvins in this manner knocks all the romance ont of the business. Since I was in Italy be fore I have seen volcanoes in the South Seas, to which Vesuvius is a small and a poor thing. "When every one of Cook's personally conducted city clerks out on a holiday can do Vesuvius, there is not much credit or "copy " to be got in scaling its sides on the Fnnicnlare railway, although at every street comer yon are invited to do so by a patois song, which has replaced .Srnfa Bucia in public favor here : — ' \- N&, jammo ; dela terra a la montagna Nopassone'fe; Le vede Fianria, Proceta, la Spagna E io veco a te. ' Tirate co 11! fane nnitto nfatto Kcielo se va ; Be va comtn a Ilo viento, a 1'antrasatto, Gut, saglie, si, Jammo ncoppa, jammo, ja— Funiculi— funiculi. Naples by night on this feast of Corpus Domini is a crowded animated city, full of life and of laughter. Under the gaslight tho Parisian attired young Neapolitans do not look quite so bad. The women in the throngs which pass up and down tho streets are snpple in form and musical of tongne, if by daylight their features ore harsh and heavy. Tho uniforms of soldiers and officers give a little variety to the costumes. There are armed guards and armed police everywhere, soldier, and priests and beggars making up a large proportion of the population of Naples. The people of Naples are in no hurry to go to bed, and when you look at the ten-storied honses you do not wonder that they hesitate to climb to their chambers in the sky. Certainly this nightly procession of people through the principal streets of Naples is in many ways superior to what you would see in Melbourne. Bourkc-street on a public holiday is comparatively sober and sad. Our Australian crowds are in many re spects much better behaved than those in the old world, but gonerally speaking we lack gaiety. The early clo:cd shops give our thoroughfares a gloomy appearance. Hero in Naples many quarters are a bLaze of light. There are cutis everywhere, for the rich and those who ape the rich, and wine shops lor the poor. "Wino in Naples is cheaper than coffee, and Chianti or the common wine of the country arc drinks which I recommend instead of coffee and brandy. Iced coffee, a favorite beverage at the swell cafis, is a very good drink, but then as the ice is manufactured here I question its quality. Yes ! Naples by uight is full of light, and life, and motion, and song. The darkness tones down tho shabbines3 and dirt of tho placo and tho pooplo, and tho lights cast picturesque shadows around. But if tho eye is deceived, another sense is actively outraged. Night cannot overoomc the evil odore of Naples. It is a merry and a laughing city, but it is also a city of Frightful Stinks. Perhaps high up in the icntli stories of tho monster houses one may got a certain amount of fresh and pure air, and this may be the raison d'etre of these gigantic structures. With the exception of towns in China and Japan, Naples is perhaps themoit crowded city in tho world. The superficial space it occupies is perhaps not much larger than the city of Melbourne proper, yet it contains about 500,000 inhabitants who live and die in the midst of stinks. There are wealthy families in Naples as well as beggars. There aro high toned establish ments, where there is as much stylo kept up as in Paris. And there are elate whsm aj, gaming is as heavy ai at "The Marl, borough." But still the prominent idea of th traveller through Niple-J will be of its priests and beggars. It is a typical southern Iu; town, in that ii is made up oi Religion, Elch- Rags and Ruins. From a distance Naples is lovely, but when you tarry for some time ashore, you are terribly disenchanted and disgusted with the filth of the people, in which the priests s»t them such a bad example. Oae of oar party says, "It ij a pity Vesuvius does cot again send a shower of burning lava to destroy Naples and cremate the people. It would be a lesson to the rest of the Southern Italians to give tip praying and singing and turn their mind3 to the ta?k of keeping their persons and dwellings a little- more wholesome." With the wretched sanitary arrangements which they have in Italy, one wonders thai so many invalids come here in search of health. Climate is a great deal, bat ihe immediate smroandia-s of a household tend to make np an artificial climate. I think the sick and the weak would stand a better chance of regaining health and strength at our Sorrento in Port Phillip than at Sorrento near Naples. We have on board oar vessel a sad case of a native born Australian gentleman who has failed to find the elixir of life on these Italian shores, and is returning to England to die. - The name of his grandfather Sir Charle3 Fitzroy, has passed into his. tory. It is historical that his mother, Mra Keith Stewart, turned the sod of the fist railway in Australia. His cousin, Admiral Sir Houston Stewart, is a distinguished sailor. The gallant Admiral is my "stable mate" from Naples to Plymouth, and I never wish for a better companion. It is very interesting to talk to Mrs. Keith Stewart of early days in New Sonth Wales. But there is a gloom and a sadness amongst us all, for we know that tho gallant young gentleman born at Parramatta has failed io acquire health during his soujorn near Naples. I verily believe that a stay in our Australian climate would have renewed his vigor, whilst the residence in Italy has only hastened his death. 