NEWS AND NOTE3. " The new volume of the " Boy's Own Paper," that commenced on the 1st inst, contains an Australian story, by Mr. W. H. Timperley, of Rottnest, entitled, Bush Luck. THE following notice was posted at the Cen tral, Telegraph Office at 11.30 a.m , yester-, day; "S.A. line almost unworkable beyond Streaky Bay. Business delayed." A message from the Williams, addressed to the Rev. J. Withers, is lying at the Central Telegraph Office awaiting delivery. Also, a message from Victoria, addressed to George Craig.' The Executive Council have commuted, to penal servitude for life, the sentence of death passed on Hoppy, an aboriginal native at Albany, on the 6th inst., for the murder of an aboriginal native named Jack Sheppard. ¡TH«' following names- ware added yesterday !-. to the daily list of persons for whom nnolaimed -' letters aro lying at the General Poet Offioa : 'W-. Brown, J. Cullinan, Mrs. D»well, Mrs. E. Forbes, E. Gibbs, G. Hornabrook, Ah Sing, .-Thomas. Saw, E Sandy, and George Webb. irAx-the-Fremantle'Polios Court yesterday, £ Sefore Mr. B. Fairbairn RM., Georg« Ñolas, Miéssiuan, was fined 5s for having been drunk koa the jetty. James MoGaw was charged >.'with "drunkenness, and waa discharged with ^caution. i To DAT mails will bo made np at the General ¡fPoit Office as follows:-For the United ï Kingdom, India, China, Canada, the United " States of America, and the Continent of Europevnt 11'30 a.m. For Dongarra and Geraldton-for transmission pers.s. Rob Roy. -mt 8 n.m. * ' ' ~* s '' * ' " 1 ;3p.m. ON the fourth page of-to-day's issue will be found our report of yesterday's proceedings at tho. ci vif sittings--of ih» Supreme Court, district news; from Busselton, a letter to the editor,-1 entitled. "An Amusing Epistle," and*'a report of Mr'. S." S: Young's departure? from Albany. "? t p--|-- - ^-¡¿.^-i_ AT the Perth-jPolice Court yesterday morn- ing,'bef oro Mr. P.'A. Gugeri (ita the absence ofthè aotmg Polio» Magistrate at Guildford),' Jonathan Binch, charged with drunkenness, was'- cautioned and dismissed. Thomas Caseley, was brought up on remand, charged ' with having stolen ¿625, the" property of Mr" . E. T. Salt. -The hearing of the case was , postponed until the following morning. , ?MR. E. KBANE, Mr. W. L. M Lean, ofyM'Lean Uros. A Rigg, and Mr. Nail M'Neil drove'out, yesterday morning, to examine the probable i.eite of the reservoir for tie proposed supply of ¿. the city with water. It is understood that tho party made a careful examination of the '' ground, with a viow of approving of the site, and of otn.neucing operations at an early date. A BEPOBT is current, wr.tes a London cor respondent, that Lord Knntiforl desires to retire from the Colonial Office. His health is not what it was. and the ansiety and fric- tion caused by recent vioer^al appointments have tried him severely. If he goes to the Homo Office (vice Mr. Matthow», created a judge of appeal) Mr. Ritchie might succeed his lordship. A MAGIC lantern exhibition was held,in the, Tempéranos Hall, last evening. Thé' taiament was a very^good one, .the pictures which mainfjr opnsisted pf reprjisentatfcSn» of, lafnojs b'attîos; being, with a'few exceptions; extremely good, while the comic slides whioh were sbawn were very amusing. The atten- dance wi wñ'ifrifífi¡M A The first long-distance telephone scheme in these colonies, which is between Melbourne and Geelong, a distanceiof forty-five miles, is (says the Argus) now nearly-oompleted, and will, in all probability, be available for use by the public in little more than a week. Instead of having a single wire running into the ground at both end, allowing the earth to complete the circuit, as is the case in the ordinary telephone lines, there is an endless, copper, wire extending from Mel- bourne to Geelong and back, thus forming a complete metallic circuit. The advantage of this schema is that a marvellous distinctness is obtained, the sound not being interrupted by earth tremors, as in the case of a single wire running into the ground, and that the induction is reduced to a minimum. ACCORDING to the official meteorological re- port for th« twenty-four hours preceding 9 a ra. yesterday, raia fell at the undermention- ed stations to the extent specified :-North- ampton, '21 ; Geraldton, '20 ; Dongarra, '03 ; Groenougb, *13 ; Carnamah, '11 ; New Norcia, -301 Newcastle, '59; Gingin, '89; ?Northam, -23; York, '31; Beverley, 15; Guildford, '51 ; Perth, -43 ; Fremantle, -35 ; Jarrahdale, 1*96 ; Pinjarrah, *51 ; Mandurah, -32 ; Bannister, '75 ; Williams, -40 ; Bunbury,' .35; Vaáse'.'-árí Kojonup;-35; Albany, -66; Bremer Bay, *48; Eiperanos Bay, '29; Bridgetown, 53; Arthur, '27. The, maxi, janinjt temperatura. .in shade during' the sime 'period* was as' follows : Derby, 95 : Cossack, 92 ; Ashburton, 90 ; Carnarvon, 80 ; Geraldton, 71; York, 69; Portb, 66; Fre- mantle, 66; Bunbury, 63; Albany, 60; and ¡^..W MIF-VO-J t ;u' ' '': ; TUE adjourned oivil sittings of the Sdpreme Court were held yesterday, when the case ef Wy Ido ( v. Roe was taken before' -MH/Jm'tioe Llalli anda'jury." Mr. Hensman appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. S. Burt, Q.C., for the defendant. The plaintiff, a market-gardener residió* it* Perth.r sue«; the 4rfendajit,rwho¡is the Sheriff, to recover damages for selling, as it is alleged, his property situate in Lake street, consisting of a garden, orchard, and ,other land, under »vwrit affifa, ataninadé quàte''price add wttboát proper notice, in November, 1833. The whole of the day was occupied in taking evidenae for the plaintiff, the jury having first proaeeded to the'land: in' quesUbaA'tbIiie*V'frl,jäna''Jtbe case for Mr. Wylde was not conoluded when the Court adjourned until this morning, at the usual ho'ir. A full report of ¿he case appears,od f-M-Zourth P»}fy .'1"'1" J >' > >>< I " THIS yoar's practice of the Prussian Artillery ~tammerstein, in^ deribïé interest' from the faot that the so called smokeless powder was tried fer the first time in Germany, and stood the tsst m«sta»ti*façimUv. The first 'regiment consisted of 'eleven batteries, tho second of eight, and e»ch spent at least a day in firing all sorts of projectiles with .the, smokeless ¡pqyfljir^'! At<«aoh shot all that was'visible was a hall df blick smoke about 3 feet in diameter, which quiokly disappeared. The powder leaves, so littlerefuse iu the bore that it is not necessary Üb eléaii'tí cutt! after* every shot, but only to pass a rag dipped in oil through it now aad then. In Italy, similar experiments were reoently made with this powder, which alto yielded satisfactory results. --- THIS evening Mr. Clough,- the violinist, will, hold his annual oontest in the Fremantle Toara Hall, and judging by the excellent pro- gramme published' in ^ another' column there' 'ought to be a ''bumper " house. , The- violin "contests for the gold and silver medals ought to prove exceedingly attractive, as the entries embrace all the Fremantle amateurs. Au interesting itsm on the programme will be the production of the farce " The plagne of my life " by Mr. E. H. Gliddon's amateur company. This piece will be given during an early part of the evening in order that it may terminate in time fer> Perth visitors to catch the late train. The second part of .the. pronajnme will oonsist of selections by the »?Mantle OfthJstral BooSty, of~whw|ii Mr. CloTfgrr is tlrtnssnrofr vibnsnt, two-par* songs by the Western Liedertafel, and song8-by. Miss Cooper and Messrs. J. G. Trease, F. J. Imray, and 0>T»yW( While! Hfrs^North ,-vill contributo a flute solo, and Mr. J. M. Lapsley a danee. AN interesting lectnre waa reoently delivered at Simla; (vr&íeat^ fra* an-English! «»nWm-, porary)" byC-donel Te Messurier ot'the Russians in Central Asia, and was based on bis personal experience. Dealing with'ithe question of steam transport on tue Caspian he stated that the'.RiiMiáps, refc«ti/w{tfr their present steamers, were able to «onvoy 47,000 men from Batoum to^Utun Ada, the,.starting point of the Transcaspïan railway, in 12 (Jay's. The railway, he said, had boen pushed for- ward 2\ miles daily, and would now be car ; joetfawards to, joj»jfb» great,Sibjrian.Ifacinc railway. ' When that'Iin'e has bean completed' 12 days only would be required to gi>'fr.iro St Petersburg to Vtadivostook and 15 tt Pekin. The lecturer praised the dicipliue anoVonraor ioation of the army of Bokhara When dis oussing the possibility of an advance oh India, the Russian offioers, he said, were in the habit of illustriting their views in a foroible manner by the'aii of packet atlas««.- ' A BUBasbVoKNjt,áii)r'iwho ought to' be a general, from his great personal courage) has| actually, says a London correspondent, darei) to advise Anglo- Indians to give-up marrying «English women and take np with native wives! ' He'declares that they are almost as good as the real article->-aa though ha were reoommending mock turtle or margarine butter-quite as pretty and more hardy (though surely not so hardy as himself). There will then be no necessity, he soys, for those frequent trip« of wife' and* children to England which are expensive. That is true enough, and the wife especially I shonld recommend not to go there, if partial to the society of ker own sex ; but äräjjejkrb go^alíEffigoj^bí-oonsíderea.'i» matrimony "besides "even money" "and" con"-" venienoe. Tbdogh there are ¡doubtless er-/ ceptions, halftbréeils are not, ¿Vernie, i. satisfactory race. .The-propoaitionisiay have been made by the' aathor1 in piquvi he has perhaps been rejected by white women, bnt otherwise there ii little excuse, considering the tightness of the matrimonial market in England; ; foe rttias^ endeavouring to /still further restriét'it: t . - J } f * ' THE notion of stocking the waters of our metropolitin parks and gardens with fish and charging a small fee for eaoh fishing rod is charming, says the London, correspondent of an exohange ; if they?elso>atoak'thè''para's with game and charge fqr the guns there will (qV a* need' fö^'fha,, spottú&j; jr.órld to go,'out of town at all. Ta save the expense and trouble of ' going' to' Scotland by stalking deer in Kensington\Gardeni, or'fishing in the Round Pond, will be a great convenience. At present there is a difficulty even with the most skilful anglers j in keeping their families by wh'at they catch in the Ser- pentine, though no one eau acouse them of_any want of assiduity. What may be dons -with "- the bow aad spear " I have no means of judging, but my experianoe of the rod as a means ef subsistence is inadequate and un- satisfactory.' Of all my angling friends there are only two,' so far as I know, who ever catch"'anything, though there'are a good many who talk about it. Now, at the Round .Pond we could take' a camp stool and watch them. If one-was away for ton minutes, we shoald know he waa off to the fishmonger's, where we always suspected ho went. TUB New jYork Evening World recently offered a prize for the beat fish story, and Mr. J. L. Gunokel, of Toledo, Ohio, won the prize with this yarn :-I was in a boat off Edgr water, on Ten Mile Creek, a tributary to Lake Erie, fishingifor perch. Near the' wild rice on the opposite sido of the stream I noticed every now and then the splash of a large fish ; *nd, thinking that therolmight be a hungry pike feodinp, I changed my tucki*, hooked a five inch perch securoly behind tho dor»%l fin, and made a cast. A heavy strike, th > reel spun and a second strike follow ed. The move- ment of the fish ceased, aud a trembling sensa- tion in the lino and rod was experienced, which moved to the centre of the stream, mid a regular shaking ensued, resembling a terrier worrying a rat. 1 save a jerk ; noeffeot ; the ] the! sensation continned tho more savagely ; it felt very,heavy.. Gradually I "hauled in, and/when with* alfew- feet of ray fbojfc fsaw toe-trouble.' A'Vlb pike bad »¿wtga-'hiddof tbe head of the perch, a 71b dogfish a firm' hold of the tail, and the book remaiatd in its ¡ongiaal position, between, tbe, .heads of tho two ash wW#«/e »trntfgíínlgf for the perob, and this continned after I landed them, and neither would let go the bait. The two large fish were caught without the book touobing either.,' . -?> _, _ AMONO the subjects proposed for discussion at the reoent medical conference in London, jwaaji Bfefbod bj» which J*JB human body has been made practioiily transparent for sur- gical operations. Referring to this, the London correspondent of the Aga writes: 'I hope', however,' it will be reatfiotea"iof this purpose. It ia said to be very meritorious ¿bough Ldon'» think evifybody^ would like it -to have'a mind'as "peíluóid as «lass," but with the body ona prefers a certain delicacy to be observed., Tbe only fellow creator« of my aaqnaintanoe that is transparent to the eye ia' the prawn, and I don't think the peculiarity is becoming to him. Apart from his embar- rassing habit of backing from you, like a donkey averse to his harness being put on, only much more rapidly, he looks te me like a ghost. There is an abasaos of colour and* expression about him which ia far from being . redeemed by his protruding eye. He is oer tainly a more agreaable object when pink and solid. From the report of the medical essay I oannofc gather that weare made trans- parent to onrselveV. ÍÍ tfiu be not the case it will be a aérions drawback to the advan- tages of the discovery. All of us, for ex- ample, are more or le«s; interested in the state of our liver, bat to receive information on that interesting subject at second hand, while everybody else oould judge for them- selves, wonld be humiliating. H^our trans- parency ihoald really become general; ft will have a considerable' effect upon the language. It will be useless to say to a young person, " I bave lost my heart," or "My heart bleeds for you," when she can see you haven't or it doesn't. ?' ' - '?"' '* LcJ J , A CURIOUS incident befell a friend of mine, a London Star reporter, the other evening, writns1 a^Iícmáon correspondent) He waa ordered te attend a lecture given by Mr. J. Belford Bax (a prominent Socialist) on" Mar riage" at a>fiubjurban nail« and took a,seet lamongst the audience." Next him sata stout "elderly lady with grey bair and an in- scrutable expression of countenance, who, seemed to follow Mr. Bax's observations wjthnkeen interest and^sfttbntlíín. The lecture was really nothing but an abuse ef oar marriage laws as at present constituted and a panegy rio on tree love. It touohed on indelicacy in parta^and was altogether,not a very pleasant disoourso for ladies to listen to. When Mr. Bax concluded, and before the general discussion on the paper began, there was a short interval, which, the jSfari ..reporter innocently teok'yad vantage of to1 gossip with his elderly neighbour. She spoke pleasantly enongh about the lecture «nd about things in general until the young 'mau'asked'what she thought of the Maybriok case. Then to hi« intense sur- prise the lady almost snapped his bead off, ^replying tartly, " I never read poisoning ¡cases V ; ,and i forthwith -/turned ¡.her[broad back en him. Subsequently a 'pressman who had been sitting at the reporter's table said to my friend, "That, was Mrs. D next yon?' "And who'kMrs. D-? "was the' unenlightened reply. " Mrs. D-" said the firstspeaker.is the lady who as MadelrineSmith waa-SO years or more ago acouatd of poison- ing her lover with arsenic. She got off because the man had treat d her scandal öualy, and the general feeling was that he richly deservid his fate, but that abe was guilty of the crime no one-not even her own. relations-doubted. As in the case of Mrs. Maybriok, a^namber of maaouLneysympathi sers offered' Miss Smith' marriage, and abe eventually esieeted'Mr. D--, arba is sNeo copformist and a Socialist. r ' CotsumfTlNO. cn Mr.>Egeeon's prediotiqnbf a three-years' drought, the .Melbourne Argiu.' says :-The science of meteorology Is evi-i dently looking ap. Not long ago its pro-' fossors were lamenting the difficulty of the .study.and Me uncertainty of its conclusions. 'Now'one' of theo is already tailing us what the weather will be like nearly four years bence^.JXfee outlook, according to thjTgyd ney ijari is m¿st garomyfnotto say aïïpall ing."3t'*eT«nmmor7''in itseifaTareary eWJngh -prospect, is to be followed by a drought whian Will, last well on to 1893. If by that time thire'.ii añy.'iiViag tbifig left in Australia, the survivors will be able to console them- selves with the thought of the gigantic stridea that have been made by the soienoe At present, indeed, popular opinion tends rather l&sui; opposite direatieix. In an ago not too prono to believe in' anything, the vaticinations of weather . prophets scarcely meet with as mnoh respect as they perhaps deserve. Iudeed, there are people, doubtlets í'o{'aVp9%au»lJy;íc9pjips)l turn of mind, who bave been known to interpret weather fore- casts on the prinpiple generally supposed feo_ be applicable to dreams, namely, that of con-' Jraries. It is devoutly to be hopst! that such people will be right an this ecce .ion, end.tk.it foe- the next Jthreejyeaaarwe shall vbe 'Mossed' with' eea*>naUy"|renial suuinerk, and «non winters as we have en- joyed and profi'ed by this year. Wnether tun will be S>J or not is of course still oon oealedin the bosom of the fates, or of their modern 'representative, the olerk of the weather. Bat it is at any rate premature to suppose that we ara already in for allj thai.I have "been prophesied 'from the .- Sydney Observatory Mr. Effeson' bases his* predictions upon* the fact tbat'.óondjtion^iíiuii.ar t>'r those Whioh grevailed before the great di ou^ht of 1827-30, are,,observable DOW. Thus, il, suggestive, but, not conclusive, sooiog': tiiat pott noc, and prof ter hoe are not by any means the' same. A three-years' drougut may have followed certain weather conditions, but. ualess it was erased by tuem there is noíbiní in that to^alarm us now. All tbe aamv the moral/, that1 it'would'be'well'for ni to set our 'house' in «rder, is one 'that- ought mt to1 be lost .' If the' drought does not nene next year, and last so long as is now pro ~phesied, it may come another year, and will beyond all doubt come in almora or less agg&vaUd;^öVm-af'sGmVfü^ure'timB. This muob7ànyoue~wW Is not aTnete'srologiet can taffly prophesy/ ; And so it is advisable that we shuni 4 set'in'ear best about providing against a d%> that- will not be winy, though there' 'seems'at*- present nothing that need cause anything like a acare. Wa, aro »quested to draw attention to an advertileaWit afcpaíüaí ¡ia, another column, ^inviting1 tenders for the erection of four sh ips, with nhow-rooms, m Hay-street. The tenders may be forwarded up to the 24th lust, to the architect, Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs. MESSHS. COUUTUOFE. DRUMMOND, & Co. have requested IBS to call the attention of our readers to an advertisement of a sale, of Kurarture'-to be< ton* sith* Marie» {Wedles day, ICtE inst. The« goodsyas'witt be~séen, are specially suited for the coming season-the Mattresses and Chicks being a very nioeassort ment r.'ihe^Uoods will.be on view, and will well repay a visit of inspection. GBEIT feàow of JSoglish and FreachJUillinery now on W. G. Hearman's, ex s.S. Acuriusire. Also 50 other cases of new and fashionable ?roods oonung forwardvdatly from the'.same vessel, whioh will be marked in plain figures at a very low rate of profit. " , , ni > ^____^___ W» are requested by Messrs. Saunders A: Co. to call the attention of the public to their exceedingly neat and compact assortment of Drapery, Hosiery, Ac., Ac.r whioh they trust will repay inspection, and satisfy the most particular of buyers. -. De Lavais Cream Separators, Fencing Wire, Galvanised Iron, Deals, Cement, Agricultural Implements, Rifle«, Guns, Cartridges, etc., aft lowest pnces.-GEO. H. SNOWBALL A Co. NEW GOODS. NEW GOODS -Just recerrtd,* per s s. Natnishire, from London, and now open and oa view,,» spl-Midiil- assortment of Nuwlind 'Fashionable SHimfner Goods, com-, priiiug Dress Stuff J, Zephyrs, Ponge? Silka' (plum and figured), Bro lene bilks, Ribbons, Limes, Ludios' sud Children's Hats, ¡Hopuets, Millinery, Under-clothing, Ac Gents' Shitts, Hats, Ties, ' Pyjama siuit«, Tweed Clothing, and a large variety of useful and seasonable Novelties. Tue «hob of tlie¿e Gooda were ordered from selected patterns, and being marked down at tbe lowest possible prices, subject rto'the usual Cash'Discount, taro well woiih a vibit ot inspection.-GEOHUE H b.von'iiiLL A Co., St. Gcorge's-tcrracc. 