SOCIETY OF MUSICIANS OF AUSTRALASIA. FIRST ANNUAL DINNER. At Glen's music hall on Saturday evening a distinguished company of musicians and vocalists attended the first anuual dinner of the Society of Musicians of Australasia. Mr. Alfred Plump- ton, "president of the society, ocoupied the chair, having' oh 'his right " Sir William Robinson, the Acting-Governor. At ,tho conclusion of the dinner tho usual loyal toasts were honored; the president stating that-lier Majesty the Qneen was an accomplished musiciaii, and that H.R.H. tlie Prince of Wales had shown his sympathy with the Royal College of' Music in England, which offered inducements for the encouragement of colonial artists. The President subsequently proposed the health of the Acting-Governor, Sir W. C. F. Robinson, saying that- his Excellency was a most ivhlft poii)Dfwo>' nsd wns "jtrcn and member of tlie society. (Hear, hear.) He asked the company to honor the toast in bumpers. Sir W. C. F. P.obinson, who on rising to re spond was received with applause, said that in tho first place he must express the great regret Which Lady Robinson felt at not being able to accompany him to tlio banquet. Lady Robinson had. intended to bo present, ns she shared most completely in his own warm sympathy for all that pertained to the divine art of music ; but she was obliged to leave Mel bourne, and had asked him to apologise for her absence. He would like, on behalf of tlio society a3 a member, to express tho society's warm thanks to Mr. Glen for placing a room of hi3 premises at tho society's disposal. There was a departure in the character of the assemblage at this evening's gathering which lie hailed with great pleasure, namely, tbe presence of ladies. (Hear, hear.) To address the fair sex was a pleasure the after-dinner speaker did not ofteu enjoy. He trusted that ore long tlio happy day would come when tlie ladies would relieve tlie gentlemen of tho task of proposing toasts and responding to them, for he was quite sure that they would do it bettor. The presi dent had been so good as to refer to him as n musician. It had fallen to his lot in life to play inanv parts. He had played first fiddle and second fiddle. (Laughter.) There was only one instrument in a band that a public man must not play — he must not bray upon his own trumpet. Therefore he would nsk to be excused for rofraining from saying any more about himself as a musician, thanking them at the same timo for tho kind compli ment which had been paid him in drinking . his health. Great progress had lately been mado in Australia in tho art of music. This fact was homo out by tlie testi mony of distinguished musicians from home, such as Dir. Cowen and Dir. Hamilton Clarke, who had found .established in DIclbournc musicians such as Dir. I'lumpton, the president of the society, Dir. Herz, Dir. Linden, Dir. Zerbini, Dir. Siede, Dr. Torrance, Mr. Zelmnu and others. Amongst the members of the society a higher band of federal union had been established than could be created by diplomacy or legislation. Australia hud been made for the purposes of the society one nation and one people. The Royal Society of Musicians of Greatiiritain had been established for a century and a half. Its origin, was purely accidental. A talented oboe player, who came to Eogland in search of engagements, was taken ill and died, leaving his children totally unprovided for. As a result of the efforts on the part of some of tho leading musician's to. give assistance to them, the Royal Society of Musicians was established in 1738, and among its members were included all tlio most celebrated musicians of the day. At the time . of the formal incorporation of the society, in 1739, the members numbered 200\. Handel was ' one of the original members, and bequeathed to it tho sum of £1000, and £16,000 was obtained by performances in Westminster Abbey of Handel's Oratorios dur ing the years 1785, 1786 and 1787. The society derived its income from donations from, tlio public, subscriptions and donations from the subscribers and members, and the interest on itq. landed property, accumulated through be quests from former mombors' and others. Its object, was to provide for tlie mainten ance of the widows and orphans and solacing the declining years of its poorer members aud their families. The Austral asian Society was moro comprehensive in design than its British prototype. It not only- aimed at assisting members, but those wiio had no claim on it, and also offered to musical talent the opportunity for its cultivation, whilst membera bad tlio advantage of free medical attendance in caso of : illness. During tbe pre sent century a sum of about £180,000 had been distributed by the Royal Society of Dlusicians, showing what a vast amount of good it wa9 in the power of such a society to do. Fortunately tlie musician in Australia was not usually called upon to undergo the experiences of his professional brethren in Europe, where keen competition served to limit, not only tlie number of avail able engagements, but tho amounts paid for them ; but there was still scope for the exercise of benevolence, and for lending a helping bund to the sick, tiie unfortunate and the possession of inlent without the means for its development. The society, lie now thought, had been well started. He felt deep interest in its welfare, mid would do all in his power to promote tho objects, not only ot the society, but of its individual members. (Hear, hear.) A musical interlude here occurred. Sir W. C. F. Robinson then said it devolved upon him to propose the most important toast of the evening, namely, Success to the Society of Dlusicians of Australasia. To the company ho needed not to say anything to commend the' society for sympathy and warm support. Ho felt sure the public would recognise tlio obliga tions which tlie society would cast upon them, in view of the. good work which the society had set itself to do. It would, of course, be idle to pretend ignorance of tho fact that there were a tew musicians in Melbourne wiio were dissntislied with the society, and who had not joined it. All ho needed to say on this point was that membership of tho association was essentially optional, and that while it might lie assumed that those who wore admitted as members were qualified a9 musicians for membership, it did not in the least follow that some who held aloof were not musicians also, and for his part lie sincerely hoped that tlio society, which had made so good a start, might so establish itself in public favor as to attract to it nil members of tlie delightful profession which it was its aim to sense. There was no profession and no art that was more deserving of the heartfelt support of the community than this society. lie wished tlie society God speed, and trusted it would do its work in keeping with the noble interests that it represented. The President, in reply, thanked the Acting- Governor for tlio manner in which ho had pro posed tho toast. Tlie society had caused its directors and foundors a great deal pf anxiety. Some little ill feeling had been manifested out side, which tlicy hoped would soon disappear. Ho feared that, perhaps, he might be to blame for some of that illfeeling. A colleague of his had proposed to him that lie should resign his position, and place himself before the members of the society again. It was known that ho had the interests of tlie society very much at heart, and that he occupied office not in iiis own interests— (Hear, hear)— but in the interests of those who were connected witli music. He would, therefore, now give way, and ask the com pany if he should withdraw from his position. He would not wait until the next meeting, but would ask tlio company to decide the matter now, whether he should submit himself for re election. The company could decide with one voice,- "Yea" or "Nay." Should he do so? (Cries of "No.") All money collected for the society would be placed in the hands of the trustees and held for the purposes for which tlio society was formed — namely, to ' assist poor or distressed musicians, their widows or their children ; also to musically educate deserving persons. Those ladies and gentlemen .who were still outside the society need have no fear of tho directors in submitting themselves to election, through that snppoBed ghost,- the - one vote. Election - was made by, . the members of the . society, and not by the directors. The' and the founders of the society were merely there to save the constitution from being altered, and to see that the society's money was not spent for any other purpose than that for which it was originally intended. -He thanked his Excellency for tho toast on behalf of the society, nnd hoped it would have long life and prosperity. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Julius Herz proposed Our Patrons aud Vice-Patrons. Messrs. E. M. James, Mason, M.L.A., and Levien, DI.L.A., responded. During the evening a number of vocal and instrumental selections were given by several artistes, including Messrs. Hamilton Clarke, Herz, Linden and Theo. Liebe, Madame Ta9ca and Madame Bentami, and Mr. Armes Beau- After the banquet the companyinspccted the society's new room, placed at their service by Mr. Glen. General satisfaction was expressed with its situation,-' size and furnishing. Mr. Glen then formally handed over the apartment to the service of the society, and Sir William Robinson, in felicitous terms, accepted the. concession, and thanked the firm for their consideration in giving the society an abiding place,- 