EJuatJUg .,;?'?'?/ THE HORTH-WESTERN HOUNDS (Bt TalltHo.) : . ' Last Saturday, 24th inst., this popular pack, which is now permanently located in Deloraine,.inet at the township,and punctu ally, at the nppoiilted time, the merry horn rap g out, while a picturesque and, lively throng .wended their wayjtbrough the streets from M'Cormack's Hotel. The nieat proved 'one of the best ever held in Deloraine, and wa3 patronised, so I am in lormea Dy one wno tooK tne trouoio to count, by a hundred-find thirteen lovers of the chase. Amongst these I noticed, the master, Mr. T. Sykes, on Bella ; the deputy master, Dr. Cole, on AnBter; the hunts man, Mr. W. Q ilbert, on Romping, Girl ; whip, Mr. J. Leary, on Polly ; Miss Archer on High Flyer ; Miss Field (Westfield), on Paddy ; Miss BeBt, on a black ; Miss Seelig, on McCarthy's pony; Miss Smith, on Venus; Mrs. E. Cole, on a grey ; Mrs. R. Smith, on-Wild Rose ; Miss Ky lands, on a grey. Messrs. John Flynn, on Headstrong ; B. M'Kenna, on Starlight ; E. Beams, on a grey; Conroy,on Killarney; W. Smith, on Rambler; Pedley, on Bob; J. M' Gee, on Jingle; George Field, on Lady ; R. Field, on Filibuster ; W. *N. Cresswell; on Nick nacks ; B.Whitloy, on- Colonist; F. Shaw, on Poet; W. Bennett, on Heybridge ; K. Aroher, on a black; George^ Bennett (Wobdlands),on Black Bess; Ned Sullivan, on a bay ; C. Ready on Kismet ; J. Napper, on achestnutj J Gpodridge, on Lady Lynn; Joe Gobdridge, on Miss Morrell; J. M'Cormaok, on Ironsides ; W. Fitzpatrick, on.' Bines ; \H,' Bramich, on a bay; James Cameron,' on Hop Bitters; W. Evans, on Fly Away; E.1 Cdle, on Double; Master Cole, on a' pony. 'Amongst themacada mites I recognised D,r. Bennett, on Irish Tandem; Mrs Duffy, Miss Blooh, Mr. Snicer and party, Mr. Fernandez, and Mr. Nichols, with a bevy of ladies. The drag was taken by Messrs. B. M'Kenna and E. Beams, than ' whom ? two ' better dragsmen * or more thorough straight goers, -it would be impossible to find. Staiting' from the Reedy Murshroad, in at M^Clure's farm, they led us. in. a m^re or 'less direct line towards Tongataboo.' Several fences varying in . height . and character were taken in quick succession, for, though'the country for tho first mile or so was very heavy the pace 'was fast and furious, and the hounds eager. The- first real obstacle, was a nasty dog-leg fence, with a boggy creek . on the ? take-off side, taken by Bella, Aneter, Romp-ng Girl, Jingle, Colonist, . Headstrong and a few others, the majority finding a gap further along. Passing through Messrs Munce's and Parker's properties; the country improved in firmness, though tha fences became more formidable ; at one of these, a big side line, tho performance of Arstcr, Bella, and Romping Girl was greatly admired, though the ni-xt obstacle brought Romping Girl and her plucky rider to the ground. After passing through iho farms of Messrs Hingeton nnd Powell, a sharp turn wag inado to the left bringing us over some stiffisb country to tho double at the Tofrafcuboo road, and into tho property of Jfr.Hnrtley. Herp we found the dragamciVimd a well earned breathpr was ullowcd It was apparent here that tho pnuo nnd jumping had told severely on the condition of Romping Girl, eo the hunts-mini efTectocl a change of steed by mounting Rambler. Away again, a pretty five-rail fence wa9 well taken by Bella, .ftn-ter, 'Uiexibler, and Jingle, landing us in Mr. Abey's 'o'lebe, nnd some nice hunting grounds. A few ,moro fences and wo aro in the fnmoiis Bull- ring, and approaching tho Emu Bay rond hear tho cemetery. On coming into tho road, a slight check wor given, as' Bella hod staked her foot, thus placing our popnlrir miiater 'out of it ' for tbo rest of tho' chase. It now appeared as if the dra^sincn had nindu up their minds to try and pound tha field, for heading towards home, they laid tho scent over a narrow road, across an ngly double, tho second fence of which wasj a five-railer. Wo got over' this in oafety and' are in Mr. Citwell's land, only to find that pur worthy loaders have placed between themselves and their pursuers a rasping new five-rail fence, and are waiting oh the other side to ece the result. ThS fence, I am ? told; mensuros 5ft -3in in; height.' 'In tho white streak of rail, not the ghost of a gap,' and was very cleverly taken by Ansler, Rambler, and Jingle, and though it brought the only other who tackled it, Mr. Pedley, to grief, ho deserves Rreat credit for tho pluck lie displayed in following throughout. Another fence, and the Emu Bay road is again reached, thus ending a big day's work. Fully fifty fences, and many of them stiff timber, were negotiated during the run. of about 12 miles, nnd though there wor« some twelve or fifteen nasty ' croppers,' I have groat pleasure in stating that no serious cneua'Hy occurred. '_ Returning to Mr. M'Corumlt's Hotel,' a little conviviality was indulged in, and tho master, in some remarks he inaile, expressed regret at his inability to procure the doer in time for that day's hunt, but, he assured thecomp'any thathe had now »ot him,and afc an early date would turn him out, and as the animal is a good one, a spirited run may be anticipated. 