, AWAKENED.I - i B Mns. S. S. ALDnICH.' Si u? a a prettyhoie it was-anoldfarm- tr house, partially modernised, with a big bay Vidotvw, broad piazza, and sunny verandas, and n old-fashioned porchat the bck over iwhich the morning glories clamtiefed.;-: l The wide green lawn in front sloped down ei to a graded village street not ten minutes' le walk from a large summer hotel. But back t of the house acres and acres of rich, level bl farm land stretched away, where sleek w cattle fed, and where big barns waited for fi the luixrimidt;erojbi of hay and grain that a filled the wide" moiws when the haying hi season was over. . n. Clyde Grange was considered the finest Ec farm in all the country round, andiwhen . the young master, Willis Clyde, five'years" 6 before, brought to it his pretty wife, Milly, w people said she was a fortunate woman. cl But Milly in her lovely home, was not tt entirely happy. She was young and some- pi thing of a dreamer, and still had that old- so fashioned notion that husbands ought to be to lovers. And Will, though he had been an fo ardent lover, soon settled down after his gc marriage to his farm and its duties in a very prosaic way. a Pretty brown-haired'illy I How lovely, h( how dainty she was, with her pink and white face and her dove-like eyes! And m though so young, she was a most capable ri housekeeper, and the kindestmistress in the hi world, as Aunt 'Dolly, the cook, and Nora, the stout Irish housemaid, could both ai testify. of Every room in the rambling old house was tastefully arranged, and in immaculate in order. She made charming toilets, too, for CI Will bought her beautiful clolles. "But, oh, dearl " she thought so often, with tears to in her pretty eyes, "what is the use of w changing my dress at all except for myown pleasure? Will would never know whether at Swore a satin or a faded calico gown." gi He had bought for lier own exclusive use a a gentle pony and a pretty dog-cart; and ac though he was never too busy to harness it it for her, the careless way he would toss her if the lines afterward made 3illy remember, ar though Will forgot, that the happiness of eN life, to one woman at least, was made up of little things. p Delightful afternoon teas she gave, some- p times indoors, sometimes on the wide, Eu beautiful lawn. Aid they were always of largely attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde had R hosts of friends at the big hotel and about ai the village. Other people were not un- al mindful of her charms if her husband was. sl And when sometimes at their tennis or cro- or quet Will passed through the yard on his tc way to the house or field-Will, with his at broad, handsome shoulders and drooping rT black moustache-and carelessly touched bi his hat to the players, for he knew them all, be the tell-tale flush on Milly's cheek, and the 1 sparkle in her soft eyes, showed how proud. hi she was of her farmer husband, 1 Willis Clyde was a handsome man, hand- t( somer far thaneven aristocratic Neal Rivers, bi with his six feet of stature, his blonde ft moustache, and laughing blue eyes that could look so steely, bitterly sarcastic. He d and his mother and his Cousin Clare were h summering at the hotel. They came early y in June when Neal was just recovering from u a fever, and looked very much like a long limbed ghost. Long ago lie had grown sl brown and strong, lut he still lingered, a' tlough July had gone, and the fiery moutised tiger lilies had opened their eyes ir to the blazing August sunshine. li It was the day for Longmead picnic; a h slumbrous August day, almost sulphurous with intense heat. The long, dusty road tl stretched away like a winding white ser- t< pent between the green hedges, making even the thought of cool, shadowy wood- tl lands a delight on such a morning. They c started at ten o'clock; Milly, who could not fi coax Will to go with her, riding with the others in a large van. Neal Rivers drove sl his Cousin Clare and Madge Winters over in his buggy. How glorious the woods were after that i dusty three miles' drive I They were soon scattered about in the shady grove, looking r like tropical birds. Swings flashed through v the air, with their merry burdens; long P tables were spread between the trees, and far back in some cool retreat a band played g dreamily. Milly enjoyed it all, but she was ab- f stracted and more than usually quiet. Will o could not come with her. and of late slo a .round nerself wonlderiig if it was quite the thing for her to go so much without him. 1 Neal Rivers was always with her; why, shie told herself, she really saw more of him in li a week than she saw of her husband. That s surely was wrong. But why did he mon- c opolise her so, 'when he knew she had a b husband ? Perhaps, and she caught her breath quickly, le was flirting with lier, as s HMadge told him the other day lie did flirt o with every girl, adding that he ought to get 1 a wife and stop such nonsense. And though lie laughed, his face flushed as he said I rather impatiently, " If that is myonly safeguard, the chances ) are that I may flirt all my life, for I shall never have a wife." c He had a pleasant way of doing things, and she had enjoyed his attentions so much s at first, as if he had been her brother; but now, now she was suspicious of everything, and flushed and paled if she caught his o eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told him "He was like a restless ghost, and could not keep quiet long enough to enjoy B himself orlet anybody else do so.' After the delicious dinner, Neal proposed that Madge and Milly should row with him f across the lake back of the grove, to a little island where some rare ferns grew among the rocks. At first Milly declined, but Madge persisted so earnestly that she reluc tantly consented. As it was cooler now, and quite a breeze was blowing, they had a t merry, pleasant row. When tlhe boat's keel 1 touched the shore, and Mr. Rivers was a already landed, Madge, who was always a f careless maiden, found to her dismay that shite had lost one of the beautiful bracelets t her father had given her only a short time o before. "Oh," site moaned, "I must go right back and look for it. You go ashore with Mr. Rivers, Mille, andwheln I find it I will come t directly back to you. Don't go for tlhe ferns until 1 come, for I want to go too." " Oh, no, Madge," Milly said, sturdily. "I am going back to help you find your brace let." " What foolishness, with all that crowd of people to help me, Milly! Please get out-the man can row so much faster with out you." But Milly still hesitated. She did not want to go ashore with Mr. Rivers, and her 3 face showed it plainly. I "Come," he said, in that masterful way Slie had, holding out his hand to help lier, i i "Come,little Puritan,"addingwithasligltly f sarcastic .laugh, "there are no bears on the i island to devour us while Madge is gone, a I so do not fear. I have been here before and Sknow every foot of it." And as he saw lier vexed, flushed face he 1 laughed again, but she gave him her hand I and stepped ashore. I They went a little way up the bank, to » : where a large maple threw its cool shadows, and after Mr. Rivers had arranged Milly's shawl over the stones so as to make a com 1 fortable seat, he threw himself on the grass I beside her, fanning himself with his straw > hat: They sat thus a good while, not talk ing much, watching the heat quiver across the lake like molten silver. For the breeze r had gone down again, and again that sulphurous heat was everywhere. Light \- clouds obscured the sun, now and then, and ) in the west huge " thunder-heads" piled I 2 themselves up. But they took no notice that a shower · was coming, one of those sudden downpours that only come in the lurid heat of dog ) days. It was two hours by M3r. Rivers' i watch, and still no Madge, no boat. "That careless girl has probably forgotten I E all about us," he said, rising. t The sun was obscured by this time, and 1 there was a low moaning of wind through the leaves. lie looked about hastily, taking ] in the situation at a glance. IIow could he 1 a have been so careless as to take no heed c that a shower was coming?. For even as Slie looked there was a flash and the first i t muffled roll of thunder. t How white Milly's face grew! Ever since Sshe could remember,she had been frantically I : afraid in a thunder shower. Even in the e safe shelter of her home she sometimes a nearly fainted with fright, and now- "To the boat-house, quick! It is our only shelter," he said, liastily taking her s hand. t They reached it just as the first wild r torrent of rain dashed down. Hio made the clumsy door fast, and- then went back to .t where she was standing-for there was nothing to sit down upon but the floor. e She put out lier hands and caught his arm, u hiding. her eyes against his sleeve. As he saw how white she was he drew his own b:reath hard, put his other arm around her, and let her lean there. . Afterward, when the ocean rolled be. tween them, the memory of that pure, trusting, girlish face against his arm was like a shield about him, the whisper of a "peace, be still," to his storm-tossed soul. It grew very dark- in the boat-house, lighted only by two small windows at either end; one could scarcely see the length of it. The lightning was appalling, the thunder terrific, and tihe rain beat and blurred against the windows-and so they waited. Sometimes, when her clasping fingers tightened or she moaned a little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, lie brushed her hair soothingly, and told her not to tremble-so; the worst of it must Esoon be over, and they.could go out again. W 'When at last it:was:over, the boat came back for thlen: The dcrossed in safety, and were soon with the others in the over crowded little cottage near the grove, where they had taken refuge. Hilly looked pale and ill from her fright, and "Neal was so quiet that Madge told him lie "appeared to have fallen upon peace by the wayside." for his restlessness of the morning was all gone. The carriages came at last, the large van, and Wilson, the coachman, with Mr. Rivers' horse and buggy. "Madge," heal said in his authoritative manner, as lie caime into the hall, "you will ride in the van, and Milly must go in the bug-y with Clare; she is tired." "Nobody else is, I suppose," Madge answered in a vexed tone. ",illy is made of better flesh and blood than the rest of us." "I know that," lie said," so you are going in the van with me, and Wilson will drive Clare and Hlilly in the buggy." And though Milly did not wish it she was too tired to argue the point, and he had his way. INext day she had a nervous headache, and kept her room until nearly night. Tihe girls came to see her, Madge chatteringlike a magpie, and pitied her, because herl hsal ached, and told her how "wretchedly dull it had been all day wbith Neal'also sick, or if he.was not sick lie was cross and stupid, and had lounged on the piazza all day, not even reading." At night she crept downstairs into the parlour, when Will came in to read hits paper, and sat down near him leaning her lhead on his knee. She wanted to tell him of her stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers, because she thought she ought to. and he had evidently been much worried about her yesterday, knowing how timid she was in a shower. But ater lie found out there was a house near by where they took refuge, he said no more. So she began at once giving him the"outline of the story rapidly and in a low tone; the row, thie lost bracelet, the shower, and her stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers while it lasted. When she had finished, she waited with burning cheeks for him to scold her. But Will, who to do him credit, had not heard ten words of what she was saying, nothing but a confused jumble of a boat-house, andl ferns, and eMadge, said irritably, "IIow persistent you are, hilly! What do I care for those people and their small happenings? Enjoy yourself with them if you like, but don't expect me to be interested. I want to read now." Vexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep wondering why Will did not care about susei a thing as that. She sat in the cool porch the next morn ing shelling peas, when the girls came for her to play tennis. But 3lilly shook her head resolutely. "No," she said, "a housekeeper has other things to do in the morning than play tennis." "We shall have to send Neal for you, then," said Madge. "He charged us not to come back without you." And though Hilly felt her cheeks burn, she answered, "You need not send Mr. Rivers. Why should I go for him more than for you ?" Why, indeed? But ten minutes later hlie saunteredlazily up the walk, put his laugh-. ing face in at the door, and said gaily, "Come Milly, we want you. Don't refuse-we shall be all going in a few weeks, you know, and then you can shell peas all winter." As she ran upstairs to brush her hair and get ready, she thought, " What is the use? I may as well go, for as lie says, they will soon be gone, all of them, and then I can do penance, and and-Will doesn't care." After that she never refused to go with her friends anywhere. She walked, rode, went sailing, played games, went to the hops at the hotel to watch the dancers, in short, drifted whichever way the wave carried her; because they wanted her, and because " Will didn't care!" The night was full of moonlight and the soft chirp of crickets. It was the last hop of tihe season. To-niorrow many were going home, among them Neal Rivers and his mother and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. Madge was disconsolate. As she passed Neal on the piazza, he caught her arm. "Hasn't dilly come yet?" he said ex citedly. " No," she answered, "I am going now to see why." " Here, give her this." He scrawled a few words on the back of one of his cards, in the moonlight:- " Come back with Madge. You must say good-by. NEAL." Sooner than he thought possible they came. He stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his hands crowded into his pockets, his face horribly pale in the moon light as lie looked down upon her face. "Were you not coming ?" "No," wearily. Then Ihe put her hand on his arm, and they walked slowly down the yard into the moonlit garden. Suddenly he turned her about and looked into the piteous white face. "Little wild bird, your heart is stricken, too, because we must be parted-and mine, oh, Heaven, mine is breakiing!" "Say good-by, and let me go," she panteld. His hand trembled; hie gnawed his mous-' tachle fiercely. "Milly, I love you," pleadingly. " Go with me over the ocean. You must-you shalll I cannot go without you! I never wanted any other woman for my wife--I will never have any other. With you I" can be a good man, without you i shall drift to IIedes! 'Come, come, my darling! He will not care-he is hard and cold. In a week he will forget he ever had you. In your two small hands you hold my fate Hilly, little brown-haired Milly!" " Milly--little brown-haired Milly!" just what W~ill lhad said, with his arms about her, so long ago, in another moonlit garden filled with the soft hum of crickets. Over and over the words rang themselves inl hler ears, "I am a plain man, not given to many words, but I love you, Milly, darling, little brown-haired Mily ! .'. And woven in somehow with thle bars of moonlight and the humming crickets were those other words in letters of fire: "What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder!" Down the garden path she fled like a wounded deer; panting, eager, breathless, she did not stop until she threw herself across the bed in her own room, and fainted dead away. Two days later, when she crept down stairs in the morning sunlight, with hlier pale, shadowy face, Will, waiting at the Sfoot, held out his arms and clasped her to i him, awakened at last. 