in STemng With the 1 Spiritualists. Br &EEGUE5.; At the risk of ppPTmrrg paradoxa!, I may piymjaft, before entering on my experiences of Wednesday, the 23rd- nit., that my knowledge cf sgmfaiahran is far Sidet iTmti Ami pnmr'Jirf'd by the majority of sceptics, and yet is abso lutely nil. It has been, my lot to meet a host of apirifai abets, in the old world and in the new. Amongst them have been one or two of therankert frauds who ever found their wayto the lock-up, and one or two men of the most transparent honesty and simplicity. Acting on the advice of Pakmiss, I gave my ear to all, and stretching courtesy a point further, penned just as much of the literature for warded to me as an appetite for printed Trnittrr onee gbwnat as rapacious as that of TjmiIi Mnwdfj lynnUfwl Bst 3S to actual knowledge of phenomena of which my frienda fetlfawd glibly, I have literally none. For.; me the table leg has brought no message, the planchette has writ no word, and as to materialised forms, I hare bbbi nose save those akin, to Professor Pepper's ghost, whose genesis is Tmdpggfcrwid by every dabbier in optics. Howe Wednesday's meeting of Spiritualists in the Thorite-hall brought me no new sensation. The experiences narrated were such, as I had listened to a score of times, and listening to had remained unconvinced. Possibly the reader may be an absolute tyro, in which case he may find food for wonder in the chronicle of the strange experience meeting. The Thistle Company's - hall, in Ttte Coffins street, is known to most Melbourne folk. It is a moderately spacious room, in which vegetarians, spiritualists, and other chexishers of strange creeds have long been wont to meet. On Wednesday it held some seventy or eighty mm and women, most of whom could tales unfold Whose lightest -word Would harrow up thy sod, freeze thy young blood, M«tr thy two eyes, like scars, stert fihni their spheres, Thy knotted and combined locks to part, each particular to stand on end T Sira quiBs upon the fretful porcupine. AH this, of course, if yon happened to take said tales without the proverbial grain of salt- Let us be just : indeed, unless we are just, the peculiar humour of the thing is lost. The vast majority of those who sat in the ball do very honestly and Eineerely believe in the inspiration of their table-leg, do see visions, and do dream dreams. Their plea sure is the pleasure of the cheated, not the cheat. The matter - of - fact looking men and women who occupied the chairs outdo Hamlet himself — they have seen, and they know. The spirits have de ceived them. What of that? ' There are spirits good and bad. The spirits have talked twaddle to them. What of that ? ' Spirits are wise and foolish. I onee waded through revelations made by one William Shakespeare. I hinted delicately to the enthusiast who lent me the book, that the bard of Avon must have suffered from something akin to softening of the brain. He admitted that the matter dictated was inferior to " Macbeth;" granted more reluctantly that it might fail short of ' The Comedy of Errors :"7 but it was easily ac counted for. Shakespeare could speak only through a medium, and the matter was coloured, perhaps distorted in communica tion. - Mr. Bamford, known as a dealer in " ad vanced literature/ was the first to volun teer experience. He has, he deems, been singularly happy. He needed no con version to spiritualism, no narrow creed bound him, there were no prejudices im planted in his infant mind to be painfully outgrown. It was & sweet growth, a natural development. His mother was a medium, end others of his family had power to call up spirits from the vasty deep. His first marked \ xperieace was in connection with the death if his relative, Mr. Terry, senior. In 1877 Mr. Bamford was reading in Casilemnine ; business took him to Maryborough . Wis business done, Mr. Bamford turned, to the mechanics' institute to pass the hour or two which intervened before the starting of his train. He was reading the paper, when a strong impulse moved him to look at his watch. Most of us have felt such an impulse — say when wading through the Parlia mentary debates — and like Mr. Bamford have yielded to it. It was half -past 4 o'clock ; but whilst he looked a clock struck 5. There was no dock . in .the hall, and more than that the clock in question was just such an one as Dickens would have immortalised in some weird passage. It was an im patient, bustling timepiece, which would not pause to give its strokes sonorously, hut panted through them one on the top of the other. -Mr. Bamford knew it was the old clock at home, which stood in the room adjoining that in which his relative lay. When a telegram intimating' that the old man bad " passed over' was put in his hand, Mr. Bamford felt no surprise, themystic stroke of the mysterous clock, heard five-and-twehty miles away, had prepared him for the melancholy event. He returned to Hh home, found thai-. his relative had died at half -past 4, but that the impulsive timepiece in the adjoining room had struck 5 as he dosed his eyes. There the reader sees the striking advantage of bring to . the manner born. An infant " suckled in some creed outworn" would have said there was. nothing in it. Thanks to Mr Spriggr, a medinm who, I suppose, is well known in Melbourne, Mr. Bamford has had the pleasure of, occasionally seeing the spirit of 'Mr. Terry, sen., whose death was thus mysteriously intimated to him. Mr. -Terry appeared as he was a little beforehis "passing over," his wealth of white h /mhnmd him as when in the flesh, and to render spurious imitation im possible, arid to put his identity beyond a doubt, the spirit extended his - hand, two fingers failing as they had been wont to fall from a paralytic affection. Those in the circle knew Mr. Terry, hut his coming seems to have been just a trifle purposeless. He resembled Ganttisg's . needy knife-grinder, and had no story to tell. In this particular Mr. Terry, senr., re sembled " mt'gt of the spirits who are materialised. Mr. Carson for example, who has mefcrixteengentiemen who have the gift tn materialise the departed, told how an old. lady of efciy had revisited the glimpses of I ' the moon, and tripped gai frmn tlce f to seize a pteeeof paper and write: — "I am j ; so pleased to see my dear Mr. Carson." j : Very friendly on the parf of the j ; deceased, and maybe gratifying to Mr. j CMracmj hat the result hardly seems com- I messmate with the effort. There is a | suggestion of the iMwrnfejfa labouring I and bringing forth the mouse. Another i of Mr. Carson's shadowy X3 & f tali American, who distinguished himself at | i flip. Battle of Bunker's Hill. Mr. Carson ? first met him in Edinburgh, where the old j eoHis was well known to the inhabitants of | ; the five houses in the terrace, which, to use \ the language of the profane, he haunted. | fbic t«3I gentleman strolled down stairs ; ; with Mr. Carson, passed through kitchen | : and seuHsy, out into the garden. Mr. ! Carson could not open a gate which crossed | the path ; the Bunker's Dill man popped his j ghostly over the wall, and unfastened l the but. That done he plucked a few apples, , awl proceeding to the vinery, added a few I grapes. These grapes he handed to Mr. j i Caraon in dead silence, but with a sgmfi- t cant glance. Mr. Carson understood him ; instinetirriy. He ssys he often does that | sort of thing, and said, " I know you want f mp to take these back with me to Tic- I : toria." Thereupon, the shadowy one, or | shall I say the materialised one, beamed : approvingly on his companion, dapped Ids j I band three times, and disappeared. If the : | vines in question had "been specially appro- priate to the Victorian clime, had been phyl- loxera proof, I could have sympathised with. ? the tail man from Banker's Hill, but, like the ; old lady of eighty, and Mr. Terry, senior, f the soldier seems to have been merely killing . time. ' | For the baiefit of the uninitiated I may ; mention that these materialised ladies \ 2nd gentlemen appear in various forms, | "When dealing with a sceptic, Mr. j Terry prefers a variety which the late Miss Wood, Dr. Slade. and others have pro- \ duced in great perfection. Mr. Terry told t us a simple little story about one of these I worthies whom Siade exhibited to himself \ and a frigid. The story must cany eonvic- j tionto the candid mind, and happily explains ' what the modem Glendower may expect. : The trio sat at a table placed in a corner of | one of Mr. Tory's rooms, the gas was turned ; down, but busied brightly enough to ? outline every object in the room. First- there were voices somewhere about \ the ceiling. Those Mr. Terry dismissed, | as the sceptic would naturally snarl " Yen- I triloqaisra." In Ies3 than ten minutes, a ' luminous globe, about the size of a man's j fist, hovered over the table. The globe be- ' caxne a cloud ; the cloud gradually shaped | itself. First the head, then the shoulders, of t a human form were developed. As the lower | part of the body was evolved, the upper I became more and more definite till it grew I opaque. Peeping under the table, Mr. Terry \ saw phosphoric matter, and the luminous | point never disappeared. The bust swayed to j and fro for a while and passed. Longfellow tells ? us that Satan serves some end by us not under- j stood, perhaps the same may be said for Mr. | Slade's ghost. Mr. Sprigg runs a different ! variety of materialised manifestation ; it springs into being complete, is easily recog- I nised, and much more demonstrative than its j fellows, who " come like shadows, so depart." i It is, however, of a lower controversial ! value than the Professor Pepper type ! of ghost. It is so very real, Mr. j Terry says, as to offend the reason of the j average sceptic. That incredulous mortal sees f and hears, but will persist in cudgelling his j brain for an explanation. He leaves the 1 charmed circle, talks with one and another, j and finally is reduced to the melancholy I plight of believing that he neither saw nor 1 heard. >. Occasionally the spirits condescend to ren- j der some service to their admirers. Mr. GUI told of a worthy couple in Prahran who have familiars who rival Dr. Singleton as free dis penses of medicine. Having ingratiated himself with these pharmacists of another world, Mr. GUI, who was feeling unwell, wrote his name on a piece of paper, which he placed on the mantiepiece of the little house in Cato street. VV Hrti he first called the drugs had not arrived, but in due course three powders were found in a tumbler in a cupboard. Mr. Gill pluekily swallowed the physic, whereupon he was supplied with about a quart of a very noxious fluid in a bottle. As to how the bottle came into their house the ingenuous couple knew nothing, and they were equally in the dark as to the delivery of forty or fifty pills, which did Mr. Gill a world of good. To them and to Mr. GiH it was quite clear that the ministering angels had brought powders, bottle, and pill box. Bat what if the spirits had been of the evil sort, such as those which lied concerning the death of his father to one narrator of his experiences? As further illustrating the benevolence of spirits, a lady told how her housekeeper, a Roman Catholic , and therefore one without the least belief in spiritualism, had been miraculously cored of aggravated inflam mation of the eyes whilst slumbering in the haunted circle. The housekeeper, trifling with her good fortune, ventured into the glaring sun on the following morning with out an umbrella, but the spirits, feeling their reputation was at stake, I suppose, warded off the unpleasant consequences which should have ensued. And now a word of warning to those dis posed to seek fuller knowledge. The spirits are a peculiar people. As we were told, when all promises well, they often staid aloof, and the seance is a failure ; on the other hand, when the wind howls, and one suffers from influenza, another from indigestion, there is often a positive plethora of manifestations . Those who would see, , should join the elide with, minds Ilka a sheet " of blank paper. V To many that will present no difficulty at - alL They must . remain passive — ov-anxiety is fatal— and they must turn a deaf ear to those who prate of joint-cracking and of electric batteries. And here, in conclusion, a sample of spiritualistic logic. Mr. Corson told how a reporter of a London paper attributed certain' manifestations to the two agencies thwiaA " Foolish man, " quoth Mr. Carson. " If the joints could do it, why -employ the batteries ? If the batteries were Sufficient why crack the joints r" Mr. Carson chuckled, and his sympa- thetic audience chuckled with him. But does m>t ttmccmjopur perplex® lsldght of hdr and does sot he supplement that ekight of hand by cunningly devised apparatus . In- Aria rt even, the enthnsiaste of Nat night admitted that there were frauds ; but their naztzcolar mediums were too good, too pare, too innocent for "ways that were dark.'5 It all lies in that ; if yon take Dr. and his fellows to be " hrm<rmra.hlp mmi," the writing between the slates is wonderful as that on the Babylonish wafl. If you the Bow street viewed the TP<?n it is trite as the Wardrope? reidered Davenprrt trick, as the shadow photographs which comforted the elect of rfeiaHani, tHl every photographer caught j the Fng/»3r trite as any trick in the conjuror s | repertoire. \ | 