TUS SYDNEY CHU HOU CONOHHÜS. -.». Second Dat. The Sydnoy Church Congress was continued ycalor dnj the first proceeding in eo meotlon with tho busi- ness of tho congress being tlio consecration of Arch- I dei con Dawes, the no« lv-appointed Assistant Bishop of Brisbane, which was held in St Andrew'» Cathedral at half-post 10 in the morning C0NSBCHAT19V OP A JIIBHOF Th» coremony, which was attended by mo»t of the rnombors of the congress, was of nn unusually interesting and, as far as the Australian colonies are concerned, unique nature Ihi». is the first consecration ceremony which has e\er taken place in Australia, all our bishops having hitherto been ordained in England. In New Zealand, indo d, cons«.rations bave occasionally been held under the Church of Now Zealand, but in these colonies we have hitherto been dependent on the 1 nglish clergy for the performance of this office 1 ho occasion being thud one of special interest, it attracted a large con- gregation, who nearly filled the cuthedr ii lhe ceremony was commenced at half-past 10, when the procession entered the church in the following order -Ihe choir, the clergv of other dioceses, Svdney cleigy, members of the Cathedral Chapter, Bishops of Bathurst, Brisbane, Hu erina, Melbourne, Grafton and Armidale, with their chaplain» the Pnmato, with three chaplains and preceded by the pas- toral staff Ino Primate first read the Communion Service the Birbops of Riverina, Grafton und Armi- dale being epistolar and gospeller The Nleone Creed having been sung, the Bishop ot Brisbane preached, selecting as his text 2 Samuel, 24th chupter, 24th verse-" Neither will I offer unto the Lord my God of that which doth cost me nothing." Ho pointed out in the course of an eloquent discourse the great truth which was embodied in tbese words, which embraced the whole law of sacrifice. The sacrifice of Christ was the revelation on earth of the divine right of God to de- mand reasonable service from his creatures on earth, and this he maintained was one of the great lessons of life which could not be learnt too early, as dutv must bo done at all costs, nnd tho effect of this rule of con- duct, if properlv grasped dnnág; vonth, would be to purify «ed bless the whole of life. He also applied the text to the colonial Church, »nd tskod how it wa» that they had not in these colonie«, as at home, a pro- portion of um of the highest attainments offering themselves for the ministry lhe raison, he thought, was because such a stop involved a sacrifice greater than that demanded under similar circumstances at home lo overcome all these objectio is, » man re- quired to ha\ e the principle of sacrifice firmly embedded in him, and must breathe the inUgonttng air of sacri- fice, having the words of the text as the determining undercurrent of his life Ile showed that these con- siderations had had their full weight in the case of thtir brother who was tobe consecrated that day, who had gi\en up an industry for which he was educated to join the Church After briefly skotching the career of Archdeacon. Dawes the preacher pointed to the good y. ork which that rev gentleman lina already done in the diocese of Brisbane and concluded by ex- pressing the fervent hopa that, with the help of God, Bishop Dawes, now about to be consecrated, would bo able to do »till better and more blessed work in the future Ali offertory was then taken up in aid of tho Uishop of Brisbane a futid, and the ceremony of consecration « as proceeded with Tho Bishop designate retired to the vest-y nnd pnt on his rochet, and he was then presented to the'Primate hy the BishopB of Brisbane, Grafton and Armidale, tho request to consecrate being read by the Bishop of Brisbane's chaplain, the Re\ B W ílson, and the Primate's consent by the Precontor, the Rev A R Wilson, M A The litany was then sung, and at its close the Bishop- desicnate retired »gain to put on the rest of the episropal habit (weiring his M A Oxford hood), and the questions, as tis en >u (he Prayer Book, were read and answered After a brief pause for silen» prajer, the Vein Cteator was sung, and then followed the lnjing on of hands by the Pnmate rind tho other bishops The newlj-consecrated b shop then took his place with tho others in the sanctuary, and tile serv.ee of the Holy Communion was proceeded with Tho afternoon sitting commenced at 3 30 at the YMCA. Hall, the Primate presiding There was a large attendance of ladies and gentlemen CHURCH OF EVQLAND IV RELATION TO OTHBS BRANCHES OF TUP CHRISTIAN OHUKCH. The general subject for dissuasion wa» " The Church of England in relation to other branches of the Church of Christ." Canon Kfmmis read the first paper, m which he dealt with the Anglican Church in relation to tho orthodox Eastern, or Greek Church, the Western, or Romish, Ohurch, and to the great body of orthodox sepaTitists who had come into existence »ince the Reformation and laid do » a »sa basis ot re union, a common creed of a common ministry It wa» to be carefully borne in mtnd that re-union, did not mean absorption It was generally adnutu-d that happilv the Anglican Church was one with, th« orthodox Eastern Church in the recognition of the existence and rights of independent churchri »nd in repudiating the nnscnptural claims of universal supremacy in the person of an " in- fallible Pontiff " Having mentioned tho matters of difference, the rev gentleman stated that a friendly discussion was hold at the Episcopal Palace of Ely, the result of which was to convince the " interlocutor» " that with, the exception of the doctrine of the " Double Procession " of tho Holy Spirit, there was no insuperable difficult* in the way of inter- communion A second conference was held at Oxford, the final issue of which was the decision that the 11 Surrender of the I ihoque clause was an indispensable condition of intercommunion to tho orthodox Eastern Church " \n admission nado by the Greek Church abo trod that as far as this clause was concerned the three great branches of the Church Catholic were at one Mutual »incessions and condescensions must bo" thA basis of all reconciliation V hat the Anglican Church must ask was full recognition oa the part of the Eastern Chnrch of the Anglican Com- munion a» a member «j*>the great Common» eilth of the Apostoho Churches, and an alliance " offensive nnd defensivo" against common foes * of whatever name or nation " ihe difficulties of reunion v.ith the Western Church wcro \ ostly increased Ï ha quarrel had been fiercer, the eninitr more bitter, and therefore the breach w is wider As long as the Anglican Church retained the 39 articles with their clear and undoubted protest against certain Romish false doctrines, so long as Rome herself maintained the claim of Papal supre- macy. it* creed of Pope Pius, and the dogma of the Im- maculate Conception, reunion was not possible. In regard to the "orthodox separatist-! ' or . nonconformists," it had been rightly said that almost all the difficulties in religious matters might bo trnced to " an inability to appreciate the true proportion of things." lo hearts that lot ed the Redeemer it would seem intolerable that no note of brotherly regard should e\er replaio the harsh misunderstanding and cruel necessities of con troyeray. He piaüiv recognise- tne religious worx carried on by such bodies, and what thoy wanted was a spirit of true sympathy in each other's work. The Rev. W. H. Yahrinotox also read a paper pointing out that this was one of the most important subjects which could engage the attention of tho Con- gress. Their subject naturally suggested the reunion of Christendom-a glorious idea which had in all ages fascinated the followers of the Christian religion. Christ himself would seem to have had this idea before him in his groat intercessory praver, when he implied that the union of the Church would be the means of convincing the world af the truth nf his mission. The relation of the Church of England to the other Churches of Europe would have to be con- sidered in looking at this matter in its broad relations, <nd the lecturer then proceeded to point out the chief matters in which the Church of Rome differed from the Church of England, and said that any advance towards union with the Church of Rome was precluded by the greatness of the errors into which the Church of | Romehadfall<m,and hythe fact that tho Church of Rome would demand absolute and complete submission ta her supremacy. With the next great branch, the Greek Church, the difficulties of friendly co-operation were by no means so great, although there were still serions differences. But in spite of all this there was substan- tial agreement on many of the most important points, and furthermore there was no barrier imposed by a declaration of infallibility, and no demand had ever been made by the Greek Church for unconditional submission. The same might be said with regard to the other . smaller Christian Churchos of the East, and the Protestant Churehos of. Europe, with whom friendly^ relations mig*ht be' maintained in time without any sacrifice of principle. He then proceeded to deal with the, second aspect of the question .-the relation of the Church of England to th. other Churches around her in her own lona. The only hope of overcoming the powers of darkness was by uniting the strength of the Christian Church bv a union, which, to be complete and lasting, Bnatild bo guided by two great principles ; firstly, willing and cordial oblivion of ali minor i and non-essential differences in matters of doctrine' of secondary importance, and in all questions which related merely to Church government and discipline ; secondly, that in those things which related to the essentials .of, the Christian doctrine, such as the divinity of Christ, there should be no tulse cry of peace, for it should be remembered always that ita alliance with falsehood could never advance the truth. The conference at Lambeth had expressed its sincere desire that such a union should be brought about ; and it should bo tho sincere desire of all to aid and help this union in every possible way. , t Mr, Justice FùsT-ii rcad^ short paper id ' which ho contended that the attitude of the Anglican Church towards others ought to be ho compromise with sin or error and a willingness to' cb-operáto with all who ac- cepted the first articto of the elovontb. resolution of tho Lambeth Conférence. The Rev. C. F. GiKxs-t said that this question was entirely one depending on principle", as the relation of our Church to other Churches must start, like everything else, from one-' great principle, which he 'believed I \väs círatátííod iii our Lord's own careful words to his disciples, when he said, *' As my father hftä Kent mo | io send I you." Our Lord did not send all of His dis- ciples, but only (hose whom He thought were fit to teach the word, and it wuk evident that just as He had been sent himself by His fathor, Ho sent His own disciples out. ile did not consider there could bo any union with tho Romish Church as long as that Church maintained that there wita but one earthly pope, and they could only wait until it might please God to remove these errors. Tho members ot the English, Church might, howover, well imitate the Roman j Catholics in their adbcrenco to their faith, and in their generosity, because for ovcry pound the Church of England gave, the Roman Catholics gave two, and as a consequence that Church was extending her churches and her convents all over the country. Tho Rev. W. Stacet Chapman said that ho did not consider a union with tho Church of Rome could be possible, as the differences in creed and practico were far too groat. With regard to a union between the Church of England and the Nonconformist churches, theio were also, he was afraid, great differences, which wonld, he considered, prevent any immediate union, t The Rev. Evans Jones raid there was a hope of union that he desired to seo- viz., that churchmen of different schools of thought should cultivate more brotherly relations. (Applause.) . . " Amongst the other speakers were Mr. Edmund Bur I ton, Rev. Canon Moreton, Mr. Thomas Hungerford, Canon White, Canon Chalmers, Rev. .Mervyn Arch- dale Rev. J. F. Stretch, Canon Langley, Dean of Hobart, Canon Goodman, and tho Bishop of Melbourne. THE CHURCH AND MODERN THOUGHT. In the evening, at the .. M. C. A. Hall, the con- gress resumed its deliberations, the Primate presiding, lie attendance of ladies and gentlemen was very ¡urge. The general subject for consideration was " 'ino Church and Modern Thought "-the first pap»r on which was read by Mr. C. S. Wilkinson, Government Geologist, who chose the section "Revelation and Science." Revelation hedefincd as the discovery of know- ledge in all its varied forms, whether apparently natural or supernatural, and science as knowledge systematised. Our finito powers of observation could fathom only a minute portion of the universo, so our conception of the governing power was limited. But the manifestation of it in our solar system wus that of the workine of laws so harmonious and invariable that astronomers determine with certainty tho motions of the planets and their relation to the Bun and to each other. To this inter-planetary relationship the earth from its birth to the present day had been tubject, and in regard to this thu earth's growth and life hiBtory, including, of course, that ot mankind, affotded the basis of revelation and science. Having explained the scientific theory of the growth of tho earth, Mr. Wilkinson pointed out that the representatives of the more lowly organised classes of vegetable and animal life appeared bofore thoso of the higher class, man. Tho geological record, though incompleto, presented evidence of succession ot life upon the_earth from lovrcr to higher classes, and moreover laid before us eertain' forms possessing churneterist cs of tho clans beneath them with that higher in the scale of organisation which they were fain- to regard as transitional forms. They might rest assured of the continuity of the chain of life, notwithstanding the apparent breaks due to the imperfection of tho geological record. By this unbroken chain of life, the pa«t, present, and future were held united in tho hands of the sustaining Creator. This unity was also manifested in the mineral kingdom. Tho voice of nature's revelation, as inter- preted by science, proclaimed that all things were bound together by ties of relationship. Revelation, however, -wa«: of a 'twofold character- natural and spiritual; but science, ¡ill embracing, töokeoguisaucbof both, and its branch, psychology, was the ground of union between' them. ¡Scientifically (hey were not separate. The conolusion of natural science was that all nature was one, and that its unity was sustained by an eternnl Power, whose kingdom ruled over all. '1 he principal source of the Knowledge of the revelation of spiritual science was the Holy ¡scriptures. Science had demonstrated the unity »f purpose of all revelation, natural and supernatural, and in this tbey were realis- ing the fulfilment of the prophecy of the Psalmist of old. (Applause.) Rev. a. W. Crebswíll read a paper, in which ho contended that there were many evidences on the face of the earth that a great deluge ocoured long ago. The paper went thoroughly into the subject, but the time expiredbefore it bad been read. . Hoy. II. L. Jackson rnad o paner on' " Modern Thought," referring particularly to the presence among them .of a restless spirit that busied itself on all questions, and fearlessly criticised matters religious. Men 'vero no" longer content in these days to tike everything for granted and rest satisfied with tho old faiths. . In this restlessness that was going Oh, he considered there was abundant reason for encourage -. -j i-k."^""» ->"-,»,." -",_.,«," »""", ment anu aopv. uccuuso mcmimuumiMwiiii««..) matters that they did hot deem of importance. The work being done by the fearless criticiser would not be without its value. History was again about to repeat itself. (Applause.) Rev. Gi J. GodNY said that all these questions being brought before them under the name of modern thought were merely old thoughts and ideas in a modern dress. (Applause.) These thoughts had again and again been answered effectively by the Church. He recommended argument from the pulpit as tho weapon, to meet this so-called modern thought. (Ap- plause.) Rev. MenvTV .NncjirMLï, rend a paper on "Atheism and Agnosticism," and was considerably applauded. Rev. GiLitmiT White contributed 6 paper r.n the same subject, relating bis experiences in Queensland. Few with whom he had come in contact were atheists in their hearts, and few were real agnostic1! : but they said that God's existence could not certainly be proved, and they were satisfied to make the moat of the present. Rev. Dr. Hahiiis, of King's School, said there was one point he wished to press on the clergy and the laiety, and that was that those who seemed to impugn the faith where treated in the worst way when sneered at. (Applause.) He recommended that the fullest sympathy should be shown such persons. (Applause.) Rev: Akxhuk KiliVoäth delivered a short nddress. Canon Chalmeiis spoke in fiivour of the inductive method of reasoning rather than the deductive being applied in investigating tho Bible. They should not trouble themselves about the human element in the Bible; they had the spiritual, and they should leave the human to their critics. (Applau«e.) The Bishop «f Brisbane, the Archdeacon of Hamil- ton, and Canon Langley alf ö spoke. The Pilimate briefly summed up, mentioning the principal subjects which had been touched on. SUNDAY OIISERVASCK. The section«! subject set down tor consideration yester- day evening was the " Observance of the Lord's Day," and a meeting was held in the Chapter House to deal with the question. The chair was occupied by tho Bishop of Melbourne, and the attendance was of a verv limited character. The Rev. H. L. Jackson- read the first paper on the question by the Rev. F. II. Cox. The paper com- menced by pointing out that, however they might differ as to the origin, purpose, authority, and obliga- tion of the Lord's Day, thoy could all surely agree in desiring to give" to "the Lord the "honour duo ' unto his name. By whatever process they ar-ived at the conclusion, they must certainly admit that the Diet Doimnica was sacred for the sake of him whose name it bore. The Lord's Day had existed from the first HB a part Of the apostolical nnd Scriptural Christianity, and was Bevor impugned or called in question, nor whs it ever confounded with the Sabbath, hut carefully distinguished from it again and again. Religiously regarded, the day was one on which the believers in the Lord Jesus Christ gathered together for acts of devout worship and brotherly lora, in- cluding especially the celebration of the Lord's supper. There had been no law to onforce the observance of this day, until the j ear 321, when Constantine issued his famous edict, enjoining that on tho " venerable day of the sun " Judges should not hold their courts and craftsmen in the towns should desist from their work. They micht presume that the Church made no objection to this ediot of theJEtnperor, for at the Council held four years afterwards it was tacitly accepted. Thus it happened that Sunday, the Lord's Day, hod como down to them as a sacred inheritance. The Church of England, speaMng by means of the Prayer-book and Canons, was careful to leavo no ground for confusion between Sunday and Sabbath, as provision was made for daily worship and for the observance of Sunday and holy days. The Sabbath was cot men- tioned, and judging from authoritative documents, it appeared that the Church left her children abso- lutely free with regard to tho observance of the Sunday. She expected and hoped, indeed, that they would attend and profit by tho sacred ordinances thnt Btie provided for them ; but bevond that tho hours of the day were at their own disposal. The observance of the Sunday was generally recognised, and to a certain degree enforced by nioderii Inwj and the average publio opinion had yet a desire to maintain somo undefined and yet real dis- tinction between Sunday and week days. After alluding to the various commandments, as interpreted by the light of tho Now Testament, tho paper con- cluded by urging that they shonld look upon tho Sunday as sanctified by the Holy Ghost, and that on weeks days they should carr}- the same hallowed re- membrance into their common work and business, and in that way serve God truly and with sincerity. They might surely hope that the observance of" this dav would be continued. The Archilpaceu of Cumberland also read a paper on the subject, in which ho dwelt at somo length on the Scriptural reasons for tho observance of the Sun- day, and pointed out how Jesus Christ himself had in- sisted on the maintenance of the day as a holy one. Tho day had been made by God for mon because it was needed, and the need of it was deeply hidden in human nature. By making rest on the Sunday a duty. God had given rights to the labouring classes, rights which were ot iuestinmblo value. The observance of tho Sunday was thorefore recognised by tho ordinance of God, and was also tho recognised law of tho land. There was therefore a largo amount of cessation of ordinary labour on tho day of rest, and tho only reason why its observance was not universal was because of the self-indulgent habits I of certain por'sons, who kept our railways, trnmwnvs, | steamers, &c.; busy où that day, theretôro depriving many hundreds, either wholly or in part of tue rights 'which the love 'of Go'd hid bestowed upon thom. There could be no real necessity for this travelling on Sundays, and advantage was taken of the facilities provided by tho church-going public in order to indulge their taste for a favourite church of a popu- lar preacher. There were plenty of churches all around Sydney, without the necessity of troubling the tram or train. Clergymen, he considered, should also avoid making engagements which would compel them to travel by publio conveyances on the Lord's Day. Thoso who favoured the opening of museums, picture galleries, &c;, on the Sunday pointed with satisfaction to ibe number of persons who passed through tho gates, and if they could he opened without robbing servants of their day of rest, much might be said in their favour. If they analysed the attendance and Struck off those who went merely to lounge about and |thoso who might have gone on the Saturday half-holiday, the satisfaction arising from counting heads would be much qualified. If, in addi- tion, the microscopio amount of education acquired by an occasional visit to the Museum or Picture Gallery could be tabulated and compared with the amount of injury, mental, moral, and religious, dono to the em- ployees by regular Sunday work being demanded of them throughout the year, the advocates of such Sunday openings would not feel reason to boast of their success. It wa» the enme with the public-houses, as if they were opened on the Sunday it was found that the principal customors on that day wore habitual loafers. Ho waa convinced that the Sunday was a divine institution, and thete should be no limitation of its observance, and the wholo day waa not too much to spend in holy communion with God. The Rev. J. W. Debenham, the Archdeacon of the Lachlan, Mr. W. Crane, the Rev. F. D. Warner, the Rev'. Thomas Jenkins, Mr. Fred. Wright, Mr. John S. Shcarston, Mr. John Kent, Rev. A. R. Blackett, and the Dean of Sydney also addressed tho meeting, the general tone of the speeches being in favour of a closer observance of the Lord's Day, and against tho - secularisation of the day. The chairman at the conclusion of the meeting expressed himself as being extroi loly thankful that the balance of opinion whieh^had been given was in favour of the strict observance of the Sabbath'. The congress will resume its sittings at 3.30 p.m. to-morrow. I - == 