.K, I U THE LIBYAN AH IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK II. Chapteb X.—The Commonion of the Saints. As soon as the great council assembled on the following day Eusebius, of Cm'area, ad dressed them, Baying—Brethren, the con troversy concerning the nature of Deity pro voketh much uncharity and leadeth to no result. I have therefore drawn up, and now offer for your consideration, a Confession of Faith, which is no new form of dootrine, but is the eame which I learned in my childhood, and during the time I was a catechumen, and at the time I waB baptised, from my predeces sors in the bishopric of Nicomedia; and the same which I have taught for many years while I was preBbyter and bishop before this great dispute had arisen. This confession hath been read and approved by the Emperor, the beloved of heaven, and it seemeth to me to be the truth as nearly as divine things can be ex pressed in human language. I have a hope therefore that it may be accepted by all a3 a sufficient declaration of our Christian faith. "It is as follows:—'I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, maker of all things, both visible and invisible, and in one Lord Jesus Cbriet, the Word of God, God of God, Light of Light, Life of Life, the only-bsgotten Sun, the first-born, of every creature, begotten of the Father before all worlds, by whom also all things were made, who for our salvation wbb made flesh and lived among men, and sufftred, and rose again on the third day, and ascended to the Father, and shall come in glory to judge the quick and the dead. And we believe in one iLoly Ghost. As also our Lord, sending forth His own diaciples to preach, said—"Go and teach all nations, bap tising them into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy GhoBt." Concern ing which things we affirm that this is so, and that we think so, and that it hath long been eo held; and that ° we remain steadfast to death for this faith, anathematising every godlesB heresy; that we have taught these things _ from our heart and soul from the time that we have known ourBelvee, and that we now think and say them in trntb, we testify in the name of Almighty God anu of our Lord Jesus Christ, being able to prove even by demonstration, and to persuade you that in past times alao this we believed and preached.'" This creed seemed to be acceptable to nearly all the members of the council, and Hosius said unto Arius, " TSilfc thou subscribe this creed ?'' And the heretic answered—" Certainly: I can cheerfully subscribe to ail that is con tained in this confession of faith; for Eusebias hath only made a formal statement of what I have taught and believed, and what the ancient Church has held from the beginning. Yet I like not the creed. Fur the bishops all know that while never before did a council draw up any written confession of faith, yet at every council the bishops did repeat and affirm the creed received from the apostles ; and the most important item therein, next to the pro fession of faith in Christ, was this—' I believe in the communion of saintsby which the Church constantly affirmed its faith in the divine wisdom of the communal organisation of 4 the kingdom of heaven.' Ye have mutilated the confession by omitting this vital article in order to accommodate the faith to the imperial laws regarding war, slavery, and mammon worship. Let the great article be restored to its proper place, and I will subscribe the ereed." Then there waB a terrible clamor, greater than all that had preceded it—the partizans of Constantine boldly declaring that "the day had gone by for ever for maintaining the com munal organisation of the Churchthat this "primitive community of rights and property was only a temporary arrangement, not de signed to be permanent, and had faded away;" and finally that'' the Emperor would not per mit the creed to contain an article which cut cfi not only the Emperor and all his officers, but also every 'rich man' from admission to the Church," But those who were determined to maintain the apostolic organisation which JesuB himself had ordained were equally clamorous in shouting that to omit the article of "communion of the saints" was to adopt the Roman law and betray the Cuurch into the hands of the enemies of Jesus, Then ConBtantine ordered in the imperial guards and commanded them to clear the hall, and the bishops adjourned the council in the midst of an uproar in which the struggle was not always confined to words, but some severe blows were given and received upon both sides. The voice of the bishops adjourn ing the council had failed to designate any day or hour at which it should reassemble, and for some days no session at all was held; aud during these days all the weight of the imperial authority was brought to bear upon the unhappy bishops to force them to adopt a creed omitting the article concerning "the communion of saints" which from the very days of JeBus had been the sacred symbol of the social and political organisation of the Christian Church. Constantine declared that bishops _who made it a matter of conscience to do so might continue to teach and to preach it, bnt that the article must be omitted from the creed; and gradually all of them were brought over to the making of this kind of a compro mise with their consciences. When this result had been attained the bishops gave out that the council would be reassembled upon the folia wing day. On that evening Constantine called unto him Hosius, Alexander, Athanasius, and others of his adherents, and said unto them—" Is is not expedient for me that Arius or any other man should be condemned for refusing to subscribe a confession of faith that omits the article con cerning communityof thesaints. Iwishthatthing to be forgotten as soon aB possible and that the condemnation of this man should be founded upon some other accusation, I desire ye there fore to Beek for Borne scriptural word or other which may not be repugnant to the majority of the council, but which Arius can not subscribe, He is a man that would mani festly die and count it great gain rather than make even the slightest concession in any matter of conscience. Ye must, therefore, insert in the creed some word or phrase that be will not subscribe, but to which the majority Bhall not make any strenuous objection. It must not appear to the Church that ' the com munion of saints' hath caused trouble." '•There is no Buch word or expression in any gospel," answered HoBius sententiously. "Then ye must seek for it eleewhere," said Constantine. "The creed must contain some word which he will refuse to subscribe, and it must appear that the controversy with him is concerning that word, and not concerning the abandonment of the primitive Church polity." " There is a word that hath lately come into use at Alexandria," said Athanasius, " which I feel certain would prevent the presbyter from signing any creed that contains it, but I do not think that either the Latin language or the Latin brain is delicate enough to grasp that peculiar signification of the Greek expression which would make it repugnant to Arius. so that the western churchmen would not object to the ue6 of it, but it is not exactly a scriptural phrase." "What is the word ?'' asked the Emperor. "It is the new compound, 1 consubstanSial,' which admitteth of an interpretation that would Bhock the fine Egyptian thought of the presbyter, but many might not be Bubtile enough to perceive it. It suiteth well the majority of the bishops in the sense in which they understand it."" " I do well remember the word," said Con Btantine. " For, when I was upon the study of this controversy I first heard it; and it occurreth either in some memoranda which I made of a conversation with Eusebius, or in a letter written unto him by bis brother of Nico media. Let me get those papers." SosayiDg, the Emperor opened a drawer in his bureau and took therefrom a bundle of manuscript, and after a short examination he said: "Here is the letter Eusebius of Nico media saith here that 'to assert the Son of God to be of one substance with the Father is a proposition evidently absurd.'" The beautiful eyes of Athanasius sparkled with delight, and he cried out: "That is the very word and letter that we want 1 It cometh, like all good things, from the Emperor, and is like an inspiration to our cause!" "Yea," said Hosius. "The majority will receive the word well—holding that it does not necessarily imply the identity of persons; but will Arius certainly reject it ?" _" Yea," replied Athanasius; " I have heard his comments on the word, and I am certain that his stubborn, inflexible spirit will not bend enough to make him subscribe a creed containing it." " Press thou not the matter too vehemently, archdeacoD," said ConBtantine, "leBt thou drive many to support him, Be mild and per suasive, for there is time enough." So when the council had assembled on the following day Athanasius said—"The learned and venerable Biihops Alexander and Hosius, and many otherB with them, have carefully ex amined the form of the confession of faith offered by the learned Bishop Eusebius, and they make no objeotion thereto, but fear that it may leave open some advantages for entrance of hereBy, as is shown by this letter of EuBebius of Nicomedia, wherein he declareth that to say that the Son is consubstantial with the father is absurd. They therefore deBire, in order to cut off all heretical interpre tation of the creed, and vindicate the divinity of our Lord, to offer a creed containing the declaration that Son and Father are of one substance." Immediately there was a clamor of the Arians against the use of the word; but they, and many who were undecided, looked to AriuB for advice and direction, and Atha nasius said: "The bishops desire to know whether the learned presbyter Arius will sub scribe the creed containing thiB word, the. bulwark against all hereBy ?" And Arius arose, and, looking upon Atha nasiuB with a gentle smile, said unto him: " I perceive that thy master Constantine hath at last reached the fulfilment of hiB desires against the Church and king dom of my/ maBter Christ. Brethren, I have already declared to you that I would subscribe no confession of faith which omitted to set forth the article of the communion of saints; and I perceive well that the insertion of this new ecclesiastical term is resorted to only in order to avoid makiBg notorious the fact that the Emperor hath commanded ' that the primitive organisation of the Church shall be abandoned. As to this word 'con substantial,' I have no objection to it in the only sense in which I can conscientiously use xt, as implying that the Father and Son (like every other fatherand son) are beings of fchesame nature; yet I would not subscribe a creed containing this word, because it is unscrip tural. In the Bense in which it will come to be -used hereafter (if not, indeed, already), it denies the separate existence of the Son; it will imply an almost physical adhesion of the persons of the Divine Family, and the aotual identity of Father and Son. It hath before thiB time been UBed by incautious or heretical persons, and hath already been condemned as heretical by councils which no prince or emperor controlled, and whose voioe was the free utterance of the nnsecularised but persecuted Ohnroh. I will never sub scribe a creed containing such a word; and have never found it necesBaiy to go-outside of the Scriptures to find words wherewith to de fine the Christian faith." And Athanasius answered : "What if the word, in the exact form of it, is not in the Scriptures? Surely its derivatives and com pounds are found therein? nor is it any more unsctiptural than the songs of Arias written in bis book 'Thalia.' What if it hath been uged by heretics and condemned as heretical ? That waB only because it hath been used in some heretical Benee, and not as we use it now. What if the uae of the word might be toitnrcd into the support of Sabellianiam by Eome who wrest even the Scriptures to their own destruction? The rejection of it argues far more strongly in favor of polytheism —the ancient paganism from which the Church had so long suffered; and the word muBt be used, because it is the only safeguard against the very heresy of which Arius bath been suspected or accused." ' And the question waB long debated by others, and the council adjourned; but there were not many that stood out firmly against the use of thiB celebrated word. . At the next meeting of the council Hosius of Cordova announced that, following the senti ments of the great majority, tbey had prepared another declaration of the faith, upon which he hoped all might agree; and thereupon the same was read: " We believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of all things, both visible sad invisible. And in one Lord Jesus Christ, the Son. of God, begotten of the Father, only begotten, that iB to say, of the sub stance of the Father, God of God, Light of Light, very God of very God, begotten, not made, being of one Bnbstance with the Father, by whom all things were made, both things in heaven and things in earth; who for us men and for our Balvation came down and was made man, suffered, and rose again on the third day; went up into the heavens, and is to come again to judge the quick and the dead. And in the Holy GhoBt. "Bi>,t those who say, 'There was when He was not,' and 'Before He was begotten He was not,' and that 'He came into existence from what was not,' or who profess that the Son of Ciod is a different'person' or ' substance,' or that He is created, or changeable, or variable, are anathematised by the Catholic Church." A great many memberB refused to sign the creed, and'especially the anathema with which it concluded; because they thought that the presbyter Arius, at whom it was aimed, neither taught nor held the views thereby imputed to bim. Eusebius of Csssarea asked for time to consider the matter, and " to consult with the Emperor who bad imposed it upon them"—a course which others also followed. Constantino profeased to believe that thi3 last creed was delivered by an inspiration of the bishops directly given from heaven; and he at once iBBued a decree of banishment against all who might refuse to subscribe to it. " He denounced Ari'ia and his disciples as im pious, and ordered that he and his books should follow the fate of the pagan Porphyry; and that be and his school should be called Por phyrians, and his books burned under penalty of death to any one who perused them." But be gave them time to reflect upon the matter; and on the next day many stood resolved not to sign, notwithstanding the terrible threats of the Emperor. In this state of fear and per plexity, when no man knew to what extremities his brntal threats to extort their compliance might be carried, and when a moody Bilence, born of their terror and distress, had settled upon the council, to surprise of all Arius the Libyan arose and addressed them as follows:— " Brethren, I am well persuaded that no other opportunity will ever be given unto me to ad dress any assembly of Christians; being per suaded that the condemnation denounced against me ariseth not from any mistaken zeal on the part of tbeunbaptised emperor concerning religion, but only from a political necessity that springeth from his godless and insatiable thirst tor universal and unhindered power, for verily I think he knoweth little and careth ess for any confession of faith, except as it affecttth bis imperial ambition. As a man, therefore, already doomed, and soon perhaps to die, I desire to Bir up yonr pare minds by way of remembrance concerning the primi tive Church, which now fadeth out of the world, as it hath already faded out of the Western Empire. Brethren, centuries ago the great Greek philosopher, Plato, in his ' Re public,' did declare that' any ordinary city is in fact two cities—one the city of the rich, the other that of the poor—at war with one . another,' and this statement is verily true everywhere on earth. Eor the religion of mankind hath been, in some shape, the worship of mammon, and the war fare of which Plato speaketh, a war fare for property—for property in offices, pre rogativeB, lands, bouseB, wealth, slaveB, and every shape that property can take. Ye know that the law was a schoolmaster to lead us to ChiiBt; and that, to prevent the universal and hopeless oppression of the poor, God by Moses did ordain the statute of the year of jubilee, and the Btatute of the seventh year; and ye know that the prophet Isaiah aid make these statutes, which secured a certain blessing for the poor every 'seventh year' and every ' fiftieth year,' typical of the continuous state of believers, in the kingdom of heaven, declar ing it to be the gospel preached to the poor; and ya know that our Lord did solemnly decjare that this prophecy was fulfilled in him, wherefore the wealthy and aristocratic Sciibea and Pharisees, who were ' covetous.' persecuted bim even uhto death; even as the ruling classes at Rome, and through out the world, have done until the triumph of Constantino over Maxentius at the Milvian bridge. Ye know that our Lord set up a kingdom that waB good news, a gospel, to the poor of the earth, because its purpose and effect were to abolish war, slavery, polygamy, and all nnjust distinctions between men and classes of men, based upon the idolatry of mammon. Ye know that all of these parables were spoken with reference to this kingdom in which communion of saints, partnership of all believers, should secure liberty, equality, fraternity, for all Christians. Ye know that while the apostles remained on earthjthe be lievers had all things common, except wives and children, disowned all government except that of Jesus, obeyed all laws for the sake of peace except Buch as conflicted with conscience, and so builded up the Christian communes that governed themselves by the laws of Christ alone, inflicting no temporal punish ment except that they refused to fellowship the obdurately wicked. Ye know that they commonly wrought miracles to prove the divinity of JesuB and the right of the Church to preach and to teach in His name. We learn from Philo the Egyptian, and from many otherB that 'those who entered upon the Christian life divested themselves of their pro perty, and gave it to those legally entitled thereto or to the common Church,' and that ' the disciples of that time, animated by more ardent love of the divine word, first fulfilled the Saviour'B precept by distributing their Eubstance to the needy; and that the Holy Spirit wrought many wonders through them, so that, as soon as the gospel was heard men voluntarily and in crowdB eagerly embraced the true faith.' Ye know that three bishops were ordained by the apostles, even Lucius, Evodius, and Poly carp, all of whon consecrated their property to the common Church, as did the apoatolical fathers Clemens, Ignatius, Barnabas, Hernia?, as {also did Paulinas, Cyprian, Hilary, and countless other well known and notable Chris tians 5 and ye know that such were the law and the practice of the Church until very recent times, Ye know that thaumaturgy remained with the Church until this divine ordinance was neglected, Ye know, brethren, that there were no slaves, no war, no rich, no poor, no kings, no ruleiB, in the kingdom of our Lord, but liberty, fraternity, equality for all; and that' war, Blavery, mammon worship, which had ever been the curse of human life, were abolished by the gospel of Christ. Brethren, already in the Western Empire (and from this day in the East) all this iB changed. ' The kingdom of heaven' is utterly subverted. Even the bishops came hither with slaveB ; many of you are 'rich men,' that could not enter into the kingdom of heaven. The Church conformeth in all things- to the imperial laws: for that man Constantino hath such unbounded ambition and unbelief that he suifereth not the Church of Christ to exist in the world, and hath so founded the Church of ConBtantine, subverting all of Christianity except its spiritual troth. But ye can plainly see what thingB shall come to pass. That man whom ye love because it hath suited the pur poses of his atheistic ambition to protect the Church against other tyrants, hath established an imperial legal religion for the world, and declares that he will persecute all who conform not thereto. So did the Scribes and Pharisees; so "did Tiberius Caesar, Nero, Diocletian, and the rest of his predecessors; but so Jesus and his apostles never did, I know hot whether that man who doeth these things, and hath begun to found bis capital, called by his own name of blasphemy, upon seven hills above the sea, be he of whom John in the Apocalypse did speak, but he suiteth well in many respects with what John did prophety. (To le continued. J Mr, H, E, Downer, M,P„ waited upon the Chief Secretary on Tuesday morning, and called bis attention to a public meeting held at Yankalilla on January 12 to consider the subject of the Normanville - jetty. At that meeting resolutions were passed to the effect that the Marine Board are responsible for allowing the jetty to become useless; that the board Bhonld be aBked to take immediate action to render the jetty available for use; and that the members for the district should be requested to ascertain why the jetty had been bo neglected. Mr. Downer, wbo apolo gised for the absence of Mr, O. H. Hussey, M.P., pointed out tbat the approaoh to the jetty was over a sandhill, the drift from which waB at timeB so considerable as to completely cover the tramline, and render it impossible for it to be worked. Under snob circumstances the people had been compelled either to cart their goodB over the BandhillB, or to take them by another route to the beacb, and there place them in boats. Much inconvenience had re sulted. The Chief Secretary promised to com municate with the Marine Board cn the ques tion. 