EASTER MANCEUVRES. IN CAMP. AT NATIONAL PARK. National PabK/: This Day. ; mere are now 3000 men all D»c » score or so in oamp, most of whom arijwed yes terday, bnt a few have been here the week, and by this time have entirely'' gt the run of the place and conntry. BverJ't thing seems to shape well, but I have not yet come across the inevitable oamp " growler," bnt I expect to, and shall then quickly learn in what respeots the authori ties are making a mess of it. It wouldn't be right to open the cam paign without a reference to our dear old friend the weather, that everlasting stop! gap and stock piece of the unoonversa- tional Anglo-Saxon ; and if I say at once that we have made a good beginning all round it will be sufficient, to denote that other things than weather have been auspicious. It is a solemn and serious occasion this annual oamp. Here we are to acquire a new proficiency in martial affairs, and to rub off the rust whioh, quite unintentionally, has accumu lated upon our scabbard. That's the worst ot it ; things will oxydise. Men, in their way, oxydise too. My oxydisation juBt now is along of a horse. When yon make up yonr mind to climb into a saddle which is, more or lesB, insecurely fastened to the four pegs with a skin over them which constitute my equine arrangements and when the afore said combination of pegs and skins has for his motto "Rattle his bones over the stones," and when yon haven't crossed a horse for a year or two, well then yon find next day that there is a certain amount of rust in your joints, not to say a squeakinees and oreakiness, which remin<3a_ me that all is not beer and skittles with yonr correspondent. The process of Bhaking into place has been briskly going on since Thursday, and by the time this reaches you things will be fairly m order. If they only wouldn't be so confoundedly early with the " revally," just when a glorious sleep is asserting its sway, and the saw-filing accents of talkative legislators are fading from recollection. Well, no help for it. No thanks, old man ; I'm not a tank. Ah-h-h, methinka, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, I scent the morning air ; brief let me be. It is sharp, not cold ; a clear sky Blightly cloudflecked towards the horison, and tho early gleams of the rising sun light np the higher olonddrifts, then the tops of the bills, and in a few moments more the great god of day i3 throwing his cheering beams aslant our faces. And now the camp is stirring, and the hurried tramp of armed men responds to all sorts of orders delivered in utterly unintelligible tones— at least unintelli gible to me. Isaac Pitman in all Ms glory couldn't phonograph military commands. He had the good sense never to try. Possibly he might have succeeded in securing verbatim the explanation of the drill-sergeant " When I says ' Draa ' you mustn't ' draa,' bnt when I says 'soords,' outwi 'em altogether," but outBide this he would have to lie fiat. Drill, drill, drill, march and counter-march; head up, chin in, cheat out; 'tehun company— somehow or other. I feel that some one of the Yankee humorists wrote something about continuous training " with tho, Mexican war or some other war. Aha ! "Birdofredom |Sawin." I recollect him now, and his wooden peg and ono eye and hand, and hie troubles with the scarabcctis pilularius and- the cimcx lecta- larms, and Ez I'm a liviu' creotur I felt a tiling go tliru my log— twuz notliin" more'n a skootor. And very good drill sergeants some of these sfeeeters would make. Some fellow ie profaning the atmosphere with nicotian breath. Wishhe would improvethe quality of his tobacco, but somehow or other the mind will turn again and again to Lowell's Btory of " Birdofredom Sawin," or rather to the opening lines when Birdofredom came to the conclusion that real soldiering at 9d a day for killing folkB comes kind o' low for murder." The real thing is, of course, different to camp, and so Bird ofredom found it. This kind of sogorin' aint a mite like oar Ootober trainin' ; A chap could clear right out from there eft only looked like rainin' ; And the onnnles, tn, could cover up their shappooes with bandanners, An' send the insinoa skootin' to the bar-room with their banners (Fear o' gittin' on 'em spotted) ; an' a fellow oonla ory quarter Ef ho fired away his ramrod, artor too maoh rum and' water. But we are too well disciplined for thAt- Ob, for breakfast ! t1ib MARCH INTO cam1'. Let me see. I was going to tell you something about the march into camp, and there is yet an hour before the inner man can oharge, though at this moment to be shut up in a trench full of rumpsteakB "ould be as near earthly joy as a fellow- can hope to aspire to. Steak ! Wby, I wouldn't torn up my nose at a bit of grilled horn. How pretty the camp looks, too. But this is no time for reflection. I see a man in the'lines 1 know, and would like to speak to him, to stave off the demon Want, but 1 have tightened up my belt so much that I dare not move till the critical moment arrives when I can let loose my forces, cavalry, infantry, and artillery, in an " U p- boys-and-atr'em" oharge on the viands. One oan't help, however, admiring the picturesque locality and the picturesque surroundings, especially when seen from a little distance. Thero is a misty haze still banging round the hill tops, a thin veil of indescribable blue, whioh merges itself into the all- pervading green of the country, and, below, the white tents and the scarlet figures curving about in the big cleared space where the oamp stands. And but a little way out the uproarious merriment of the great kingfisher suddenly breaks in, as if he saw something very extraordinary going on. But did we ever go to a oamp without a laughing jackass putting iu an appearance to see that things were going on all right ? If one could only flop about from one point to another as easily as he does what a glorious thing it wonld be, and then, oh joy I tho four pegs with the skin hung over them could go to grass. This isn't march ing into camp, is it, but before I get fairly started, do allow me, Mr. Editor, one little ' quarter inch more to descant on the blessing which follow in ' the train of the unemployed. There are Buoh decent roads about here. I am told that the country iB alive with Holt-Sutherland Estates ; at any rate there are some good reads, very good roads; but the danger is that unless they are UBed they will shortly fall back into their conditon of primeval bush. BEDFHBN RAILWAY STATION, The troops left Bedfern railway station early yesterday morning. The railway people were prepared for a hurrying and ekuryring, bat things were done with military pre cision, and there was very little fuss. Oa pt. Cuthell was responsible for the en training arrangements, and by 7.30 the "sawbones" and the "pillboxes" to the number of 68 were safely stowed in their carriages, and with visions of gory ampu tations and probings into wounds of bottomless depth they steamed out to camp. With them travelled four com panies of the First Regiment Volunteer Infantry, and 10 inmates later the Scot tish, Volunteer the Artillery, and four com panies of the 2nd Regiment were on their way. After another short interval the nnntry corps were all aboard, and soon t Iter 8 o'clock the various oontmgouts com- pleting the northern regiment were made up and dc6patohed. Then came Engineers from vaiious districts, more Infantry of one description and another, and a few of that class who arc always just too late to catch their proper train. At half-past 9 the laBt train left Reifern, conveying men belonging 'to the Sydney suburban forces. The fact of our being here in good order and condition is suffi cient testimony that the Railway Depart ment didn't upset as on onr way down, for which, of course, we are thankfnl to their supervision, as it might naturally have been expected that the "enemy" would nave made some pttempt,to derail one, at least, of the trains, preferably that with most commanding officers. on board. THE MOVNTED KEN. a be corps which appear to greatest advantage on horsebaok, that is to say, the Cavalry and Mounted Infantry, of course, rode down. Before they left town they presented themselves at Government House, and were inspected by tho Commander-in-Chief, Lord Carrington, who was pleased to expreaB his appreciation of their appearance, and congratulated the- officers on the punctuality of attendance, which, by the way, was an awfully left- handed compliment. Major M'Donald was in command, and, of coarse, the flattering remarks of his Excellency were as good as -charge of " jumping powder," and sent them on their way as happy as Larry. The march down wbb an enjoyable one, and the denizens of the suburbs turned out in great force to witness our galjant defenders on the path to. glory, which, let ns hope, in this case leads not to the grave. Those mounted infantry fellows nave got a big pull over the rest. They have gbt suoh a picturesque uniform, and they seem onr own boys so muoh more than the others that the girls give their hearts away " kerwosh," as my friend " Birdofredom Sawin " wonld call it. They got into camp about 2.S0, having met with some delay en ronte, principally at George's River, where the old punt refused to extend its limited capacity. The Artillery marched down on Thursday night, and now I think lam getting back t 1 m,- starting point, and that iB food, unu other matter may be mentioned, and that is the field state, whioh was made up last night at 6 o'olock, and then showed 2933 men in camp made up as follows Fermanqnt Artillery, total 05. Officers: Col. Spalding. C.M.G., Major Airey, Lieut. King, Major Churohward, Vet. Sargoon Scott. Volunteer Artillery, total 01. Offioors : Captain Chapman, Lieut. Smail, Lieut. Wells. Volunteer Engineer, total GO. Officers : Lieut.-Colonel Rowe, Major Parrott, Lieut. CanBdel, Lieut. Oopeland. \- Permanent Mounted Infantry, total 21. Officer: Major Lassetter. Volunteor Infantry, let Rogiment, total 539\. Offioors: LieQt.-CoI. Farrell, Majors, Wilson and Morris, Capts, Anderson, M'Out- cheon, Oranna, George Ferris, Hill, Fitz- hardingo, Wilkinson, and Watson, Liout. Brereton, Miller, Leggatt, O'Reilly, Judge, Russell, Millard, Weeks, Mason, Logge, Holmes, O'Reilly, Bennett. 2nd Regiment, total 458. Offioors: Colonel Goodlet, Majors Longfield and Burnett, Capts. D. Fraser, Bouverie, Mulholland,. Stook, A. Fraser, Honey, Millard, Blaokshuw, Gal- braifh, Mallarkoy, Faulkner, Lioutenants Gilohrist, Wilkinson, Manning, Mason, An derson, Cbiloott, Shipway, Stephenson, Cork, Dennis, Siggins, Croker, Gomni, Larkin, Creman. 3rd Regiment, total 473. Offioors : Lieu tenant-Colonels Holborow and Paul, Major Waddoll, Brigade-Major Linsloy, Captains Cassidy, Guest, Siggins, Barton, Evans, Davidson, Pope, Lieutenants Anderson, Hud son, Bernaseoni, Lamrook, Rioh, Konnard, Martin, Wood, Soame, Pye, Ranken. 4th Regiment, total, 494. Offioors : Lieut.- Colonel Stokes, Major Ranolaud, Captains Boam, Burnage, Sloan, Waddy, Moulton, D'Aroy, Fitzgerald, Naah, Moore, Fitz- hardingo, Liouts. Langwell, Soobio, Robin- eon, Pegnin, Rooko, Bowman, Byrne, Dodd, Ellis, Beokett, Rogorson, Williams, Paton, Baxter, Williams, Arnott, Martin, and Robinson. Medioal Stuff Corps, total 58. Ofluers: Surgeon-Major Williams, Surgoon M'Laod, Wadham. 5th Regiment, total 31, Offioors : Captain Campbell, Lieuts. Pearce, Robertson, aud Dibbs. Mounted Infantry, total 150. Offioors : Major Lossotter, Captains Chauvol, Menzios, Antill, Moore, and Tomsitt, Lieutenants Beadford, Breganzier, Bothwiok, Clark, Butler, Campbell, Newman, Dixie. Cavalry Brigade, total 111. Offioors : Major Maodonald, Captains Dodds, Weston, Walters, Fannin;, and Coleman, Lieu tenants Purvea, Vernon, Asho, Perry, M'Evilly, Graham, Hindmarsh, Egan, and Lorimer. Later. Private Kennedy, B Company, Second Regiment, has broken his ankle whilst crossing the railway line. He ie now in the hospital under the care of Dr. Tames M'Leod. 