I came acroBS a very funny ad. in last Friday's Morning Light : " Resurgam wishes to inform bis numerons friends and acquaintances that he is too mach engaged in research as regards droughts, war, «te., to make any astrological calculations at present. 5 Princess-row, Petrie-terrace." What is this weird resurrectionist giving us, with his war's alarms and other rot 1 In my bumble opinion, fortune tellers, palmiste, astrologers, and all other such fakirs of futurity, ought, with the baccy-shop totalisators, all to come under the clauses of that charmingly elastic Act, yclept, Vagrant, covering, as it does, everything from " tarin' tue uniform " to taking a lunar at his Honour on the bench. At the same time, it is rather painful to know that ia this nineteenth century there are people so hopelessly ignorant as to give credenoe to such imposture. If I had my way, instead of resurging I'd reseat these quack with a double soled ehoe, size 19. * * * At that public meeting about the reserves, a juvenile Queenslander rang his bell on an amendment which would have confined the business to parks and reserves in and around Brisbane. This is that typical localism wbich I've always slated, representing the narrow mind which has never travelled, and thinks his own stamping-ground the hub of the universe. Of course the meeting smothered such petty causerie ; but the attempt leads me to moralise, as I know more than one M.L.A. who would be largely benefited if he would go and rub shoulders with his fellowman for a while. We've all got a lot to learn. • * * The municipal luminaries of Ithaca feel riled, and justly too, at the paltry quibbling exhibited by supposedly sentient men, sitting as magistrates in the City Police Court, to hear a case of cattle straying in the shire. The bylaw dealing with the offence only mentions streets. The cattle were straying on the Kelvin Grove-road. A road is not a street, and therefore the case was dismissed. This comes of making JJ.P. out of political jackals instead of electing the best and fittest among the people by the people themselves. This hot weather is of itself sufficiently exasperating, but when I hear of such double-distilled idiotcy as this, oh, how I swear—not before the child, and only then in Greek. * * * " Rubbish shot here." Such is the idea predominating in the minds of sundry lords spiritual and temporal— fatheads generally—who rule the roost in dear hold Hingland, the mother inof nations, as to Australia. Once more they propose to ship their paupers to our shores, to be dumped down like so much mullock. Whether Australia will stand it is a horse of quite another colour ; and calling to mind the determined action of the settlers of Port Phillip years ago, over a certain cargo of convicts, I rather fancy she won't. * » » The Sacred Ibis has been, he saw, but he didn't conquer, that bad, bold black man who haunts the Bunya Ranges, 'Spite of sandshoes, a bound copy of the Bellenden Ker exploring expedition, and that terrible Tranter, the Only Archie caught nothing but leeches, ticks, and mosquitos.' Nary a blackfellow, not even the ghost of a track, so that this scamp appears to be a sort of disembodied "joker" of the •euchre pack, always turning .up when least expected and certainly not wanted by the other fellow. It's a*ful humiliating, though, for so mighty a man of war to be bçstêd by a common, tjemnition nigger, and makes jgj£e ask, 2s the latter there at all ? \ * * * During the " st«ewaj|" on Friday nigh! a* good mi» members camped -on. t^e 'cushions. jjp.mong them was Hodgkinson, who snored with a bass trombone trenchant enough to wake the dead. Panl alBO added to the general effect by insisting upon producing the most dissipated species of snore which has yet been heard in the House. An bon. member then facetiously called the attention of the chairman to the fact that three hon. members were addressing the House at once, and he demanded a ruling. Poor Chairman Jessop was forced to assume the perpendicular, and explain that language which was not oommunicated in words could not be construed as an address to the chair. So Panl and Hodgkinson dreamt on, and left the others to fight it out * * • I did not know till the other day that the main thoroughfare at Oaboolture is dignified by the name of Queenstreet. My word, the Caboolturians are getting toney, as a bullocky friend ejaculated once at a birthday hop, when he saw the young bucks pawing their partners with six sizes too large white cotton gloves on. I should like to see Oaboolture laid out in pleasant streets and squares, so I hope Mr. Geddes, who owns the land thereabouts will cut it up one of these days for sale. He certainly ought to name one square as Providence Square, to commemorate the miraculous resurrection of his twelve year-deaa son. * * * A Charleville owl vouches for the truth of the following trifle :—" Jacky- Jacky was working at the bore so successfully completed at Charleville. He watched the proceedings with great interest, and manifested much anxiety as length after length of piping disappeared downwards. At last water was struck, and as the limpid liquid spurted upwards Jacky grunted out : " My word, all gammon. That parson phella long town. Him mine tell me long time biraeby, bad phella go down long there burnt up hell flames,bimeby. My word, fine place down there, plenty budgery water, no hell flames at all." Since thiB practical experiment in subterranean investigations Jacky's theology has been upset." 