FUN WITH THE FIGURES, or ??' ALGEBRAIC ATHLETICS, ?.?'.:' No- 19 By The Flaneur. «Mt son,' said a wise man, ' blow thine own bugle, for, verily, tlien tliou canst rest assured it will be well blown.' There is no necessity for our athletes to resort to that Dawvid Buchanan sort of trick, however, for M. C. P., Balinain, holds the trumpet to-day, and loudly proclaims that I Bhould 'feel proud of the old Freeman's ath» letes for mastering the field-reaping problem in No. 14', as they are the first of any Sydney journal's contributors who Lave been able to solve the problem. Both the Sydney Mail and Towjst and Country Journal published it ; but not a single correct reply was received.' As the proof of the pudding lies in chewing the pudding itself, not the puddiag-b.ig string, this is the highest praise that can be bestowed ; for it i3 I praise that is provtd to havs been well deserved. 'Whenever you commend,' srajs Sir Richard Steele, 'add your reasons for so doing. It is this which distinguishes the approbation of a man of sense from the flattery of sycophants and the admiration of fools.' Our boss bugler, M. C. P. (who is O.K. in all his solvings) recently had the misfortune to receive a 'surprise party' visit from the fire fiend. Everything he Lad was destroyed, and as he seems to feel the loss of his algebraic books most, per. haps some of his fellow-athletes could oblige by letting him have a few spare ones to cheer him through his losses. If sent to the Freeman, they will be thankfully acknowledged and sent on. M. C. P.'s answers to other troubles are correct, as usual, but as the other matter is old, and was incorrectly worded by the sender, we will let it slide, and await another 'ringer' ; at the same time warning all that it is no use sending trifles to the Freeman ; for, as 1 have often modestly hinted (and M. P. 0. has trurrrpeted), there are athletes in our ranks already who can cope with J problems that would make even Colenso's ghost . I Bit up and howl again. I Taking the latest batch of recruits first, I find I; that Julia D., Gobarralong, is correct in the !; apple business, but makes a mistake in the rabbit fi matter. Mies M. F. Gh, Allandale, will also see that an error has been made ; but both ladieg \ must not be discouraged, for it waa by no moans v| a simple subject. M. F. Gr. anks., ' What do you || think of my scribbling?' I think it is vory |j pretty, and easily read, indeed, and hope to see II much more of it in future. Some persons do not H pay much respect to plain writing, however, as I the tale proves which tells of a lady who asked i her son's schoolmaster if her boy was improving H in his penmanship. The pedagogue replied, ' No, H ma'am. He is getting worse. His writing is § now so bad that no living soul can read it.' I 'Thank heaven !' exclaimed the mother ; 'now | ' I know that my son will be a great author some I day.' A third lady, C. H., Breadalbane, finds the Abigail-rabbit answer to be H minutes, which i3 correct, and the other reply is 0. K. as well. Coming now to our new athletes of the sterner sex, I find the rabbit racket has proved too much for A. M. K., Wagga, but he is all there with the oranges. ' Schoolboy, '' Lawrence, haa made praiae worthy attempts, 1 but is out also ; aud so is J. D., Mittagong, but ;; he scores on the geese. The following brilliant h band were correct in all they tackled : James H., i- Pelican Island ; ' Subscriber,' South Gundagai ; i' J. T. M., Newcastle ; White Brothers, Bogan ! River ; J. MfD., Orange ; A. T., Coraki ; 0. M'M., :: Hunter's Hill ; ' Schoolboy,' Linburn ; ?' Milk si man,' Wallsend ; ' Umbango,' Maurice H., Murwillumbah ; ' Mulhooligan,' Pott's Hill ; I and C. R., who is a bit of an epicure. He not only :f claims a goose but the stuffing as well, for a C.E. ;I cleric once told him that 'a man without religion I is like a gooae without stuffing — fit for nothing.' A. T. M'C, Corangula, is correct also, but his pro blem has already been placed in a different form h —try another. N. F., Kulkie, is O.K. too, and '.-??! will find solutions asked for in a back number. I ** Sally bank'3 ' problems very welcome, and will j , be attended to ; and there is nothing green about [: 'Shamrock,' for he scores on all, aud will have ? , a show for his posers soon. 'Dilettante, Ba thiirst, is a most welcome addition to oi:r ranks ; he has worked out seme of our moat difficult pro blems in a thoroughly workman-like fashion, and I will be very pleased to hear from the ' City of the Plains' again. ?:. Amongst our other athlot^s ' Hortenso ' is correct re New Churn's poser, but just a trifle out in the rabbic affair; 'Tommy the Bachelor' goes up top with his lot, and oends a moBt interesting letter on 'Curious Calcu lations,' which will be road with interest, and ; a similar reply Is well deservad by J. B., Attunga. ? ? ? ' Garry wen/' New England, who 'ope&ds; many a, pleasant half-hour in the lonoly bush, with the ' figure fun,' is evidently a Pastmaster Grand, for he comes out correcb in all ; and the same can be said to ' Ex-Student,' Lincoln, who passed the junior exam, at Hunter's Hill in '87 and does that famed college all honour. Concerning the- ' Fun' contained in our article No. IV— -a species of i'un which some of our figur ists declare to be very like hard work — the answer to No. 1, or the ration puzzle, is eight- ninths. In No. 2, the numbers required are 28C and 224. In No. 3, Carter and Co. are suited with 12 and 13, while 72 and 24 fit the case of Virgil. No. 4, the balloon affair, has for its answer 41-G54cwt, and No. 6, or Abigail's orange racket, haa for its answer 15. la all the replies forwarded by the follow ing athletes, correct solutions have been ar rived at — ' Josephine,' Caperteo ; K. H. J., Lane Cove ; ' Carbine' ; 'Nela,' Parramatta ; 'Bache- lor Tommy' ; J.J. F., Attunga ; M.J.B., Linburn ; Signor Magillicudy (whose 'rule of thumb' works very well); Jno. D,, Cundleton; 'Leo' (who is a veritable Leo at figures) ; Pierce C. M. (who will find parts of hia musical studies drier than the figure fun); 'Stony Creek,' Eureka ; V. J., Goulburn ; G. W. S., Lucknow ; E. V. B., Walli; T. R. H., South Woodburn; andC. M., St Leonards. J. H., Darlinghurst ; F. T., Eylstone j and ' We, Us and Co.' saored well on all other problems, but gave Uncle Abigail a little too much credit for his rabbit slaughtering abilities. Thanking those athletes who sent in some most interesting items in the way of 'Curious Calcula tions,' which will appear in our next, we wiP open the ball to°day with a tasty little thing from the Sphinx Co. The members of that clever firm did honour to her Majesty's birthday by ordering their landlady to have a plum pudding ready for dinner. When the dish came on the inquisitive member of the Co, inquired how many plurna the concern contained. The landlady replied that she didn't count them, but she knew the number all the same. ' For,' said she, ' the plums are equally distributed, and I see the number of ladies at the table is equal to the square root of the number of gentlemen. Now if I portion out the whole pudding, each gentle man's share being to that of each lady's ac 5 is to 3, the ladies will receive between them a number of plums equal to § of the number of geutlomen, but if there were sis dozen dozen plums in the pudding each gentleman would receive 80, and if there were half a dozen dozen plums in it each lady world receive 4. Now how many dozen plums are in the pudding ?' The pudding is still 'extant,' and the person sending in the first correct answer can have it. But if he or che cats it we will not be responsible for the consequences. By way of washing the pudding down, X. T. Z., Pitt-street, sends along No. 2, which runs thus : — ' 2 casks, A and B, contain mixtures of wine and water. In A the quantity of the wine is to the quantity of the water as 4:3. In B the propor tions are as 2:3. If A containa 84 gals., how many gals, must B contain in order that when the two are mised the mixture may be half wine and half water ?' No. 3 is a short and sweet subject from 'The Eeeks,' and joggles along thus .- — 'Calculating with the sum of the digits, subtract 45 from 45 so as to leave a remainder of 45,' At first sight this will seem impossible to some ; but it is really the simplest thing on earth, providing you know how to do it. No. 4, from C. M., St. Leonards, has a sort of John Davies Casual Labour Board ring about it, for it says — ' A contractor employs a fixed num ber of men to complete a work. He may employ either of two kinds of workmen, the first at 2Ga Gd per week each, and the second at ISs Gd per week each; the work of one of the former being to that of one of the latter as 5 to 4. If he finishes it as quickly as possible, he spends .£270 more than he v/ould have done if he had finished it as cheaply as possible, but takes four weeks less time. What would it have cost if he had employed equal numbers of two kinds of workmen ?' That ends to-day's trouble for me, and com mences it for our figurists. A merry time to them all. A Jewish Mayor Knighted. — Sir Benjamin Benjamin (the new Victorian Knight) arrived in Victoria in 1844, being a native of London. He has been for twenty years a member of the Mel bourne City Council, for eight of which he has been alderman. He was elected Mayor in 1887 and re-elected in 1888. He is the president of the Hebrew congregation and has held that posi tion 14 times. He takee a very great interest in philanthropic movements and is very wealthy. He is connected with a large number of public companies, and is director of the Colonial Bank, of Wright and Edwards, Limited, and of the Imperial Banking Company. Sir Henry Parkes completed his 74th year on Monday, having been born on May 27, 1815. Sir Henry has a sister living1 ntFaulconbridge, on the Blue Mountains, who is 78 yefir.s old, and who, it is said, takes no little interest even now in politi cal questions. The Premie* hvA ft brother who died, at the ago ol! 79, 