H E F E L L IN L O V E W I T H HIS WIFE. BY REV. E. P. ROE C H A P T E R X X X . HOLCROFTS BEST HOPE. Continued. j\When Holcroft came in to dinner that day the view he had adopted was confirmed, yet Alida's manner and appearance began to trouble him, Even to his rather slow perception, she did not seem so happy as she had been. • She did not meet his eye with her old frank, friendly, and, as he had almost hoped, affectionate, expression ; she seemed merely feverishly anxious to do everything and have all as he wished. Instead of acting with natural ease and saying what- was in her mind, without premeditation, a conscious effort was visible and au apparent solicitude that he Bhould be satisfied. The inevitable reBult was that he was more dissatisfied. ' She's doing her best for me,' he growled, a6 he went back to his work, ' and it begins to look as if it might wear her out in time. Confound it!" having everything just so isn't of much account when a man's heart hungry, I'd rather have had one of her old smiles and gone without my dinner. Well, well, how little a man understands himself or knows the future ! The day I married her I was in mortal dread lest she should care for me too much and want to be affectionate and all that ; and here I am, discontented and moping because everything has turned out as I then •wisned, Don't see as I'm'to blame, either. She has no business to grow so pretty. Then she looked like a ghost, bnt now when the color cornea into her cheeks, and her blue eyes sparkle, a man would be a stupid'clod if he didn't look with all his eyes and feel his heart a-thumping. That Bhe should change BO wasn't in the bargain ; neither was it that she should read aloud in such sweet tones that a fellow'd like to listen, to the dictionary ; nor that she should make the house and yard look as they never did before, and strangest of all, ODen my eyeB to the fact that apple-trees bear flowers as well as pippins. I can't even go by a wild posy in the lane without thinking she'd like it and see in it a sight more than I once could. I've been taken in, as old Jonathan feared,' he muttered, following ont his fandy with a sort of grim humor. ' She isn't the woman I thought I was marrying, at all, and I ain't bound by my agreement—not in my thoughts, anyhow. I'd have been in a nice scrape if I'd taken my little affidavit not to think of her or look upon her in any other, light than that of housekeeper and butter-maker. It's scary thing, this getting married with a single eye to business. See where I am now. Hanged if I don't believe I'm in love with my wife, and, like a thundering fool, I had to warn her against falling in love with with me 1 Little need of that, though. She hasn't been taken in, for I'm the same old chap she married, and I'd be a mighty mean cuss if I went to her and said, ' Here, I want you to do twice as much, hundred fold as much as you agreed to.' I'd be a fool, too, for she couldn't do it unless something drew her towards me just as I'm drawn towards her.' Late in the afternoon, he leaned on the handle of his corn-plough, and in the consciousness cf solitude Baid aloud, ' Things grow clear if you think of them enough, and the Lord knows I don't think of much else any more. It isn't her good qualities which I say over to myself a hundred times a day, or her education, or any thing of the kind that draw6 me ; it's she herself. I like her. Why don't I say love her, and be honest? Well, it's a fact and I've got to face it. Here I am, ploughing out my corn, and it looks splendid for its age. I thought if I could stay on the oid place, and plant and cultivate and reap, I'd be more than content, and now 1 don't Beem to care a rap for the corn or the farm either, compared with Alida ; and I care for her just because she is Alida and no one else. But the other side of this fact has an ugly look. Suppose I'm disagreeable to her. When she married me she felt like a woman drowning ; she was ready to take hold of the first hand reached to her, without knowing much about whose hand^it was. Well, she's^had time to find out. She isn't drawn. Perhaps she feels towards me somewhat as 1 did towards Mrs. Mumpson, and she can't help herself either. Well, well, the bare thought of it makes my heart lead. What's a man to do? What can I do but live up to my agreement and not torment her any more than I can help with my company? That's the only honest course. Perhaps she'll get more used to me in time. She might get sick, and then I'd be so kind and watchful that she'd think the oli fellow wasn't so bad after all. But 1 shan't give her the comfort of no end of self-sacrifice in trying to be pleasant and sociable. If she's foolish enough to think she's in my debt, she can't pay it in that way. No, sir 1 I've got to make the best of it now,—I,m bound to,— but this business marriage will never Buit me until that white arm 1 saw in the dairy room is around my neck, and she looks in my eyes and says, 'James, I'm ready ior a longer marriage ceremony It was a pity that Alida could not have been among the hazel-nut bushes near and heard him. He resumed his toil, working late and doggedly. At supper he wa3 very attentive to Alida, but taciturn and preoccupied : and when the meal was over he lighted his pipe and strolled out into the moonlight. She longed to follow him, yet felt it to be more impossible than if she were chained to the lloor. And so the days passed. Holcroft striving with the whole force of his will to appear absorbed in the farm and she with equal effort to seem occupied and con tented with her household and dairy duties. They did everything for each other that they could, and yet each thought that the other was acting from a sense ol obligation and so all the more sedulously veiled their actual thoughts and feelings from each other. 0 course such mistaken effort only led to a more com plete misunderstanding. With people of their simplicity and habit of reticence; little of what was in their hearts appeared on the sur face. Neither had time to mope, and their niutua duties were in a large measure a support and refuge Of these they could still speak freely', for they per taincd to business. Alida's devotion to her work wai unfeigned, for it seemed now her only avenue of ap proach to her husband. She watched over the uian^ broods of little chickens with tireless vigilance. If i were yellow gold, she could not have gathered tlit butter from the churn with greater greed. She kep the house immaculate and sought to develop her cook ing into a line art. She was fcrupulous in giving Jane her lessons and in trying to correct her yerancular anc manners, but the presence of the child grew to be ; heavier cross every day. She could not blame the gir whose misfortune it was to lead incidentally to the change in Holcroft's manner, yet it was impossible not to associate her with the beginning of that change. Jane was making decided improvement, and had Alida, been happy and at rest this fact would have given, nuch satisfaction in spite of the instinctive repugnance which the girl seemed to inspire universally. Holcroft recognized this repugnance and the patient effort to disguise it and be kind. ' Like enough she feels in the same way towards me/ he thought, ' and is trying harder not to show it. But she seems willing enough to talk business and to keep up her interest in the partnership line. Well, blamed if I wouldn't rather talk business to her than love to; any other woman 1' ' So it gradually came about that they had more and' more to say to each other on matters relating to the farm. Holcroft showed her the receipts from the dairy,; and her eyes sparkled as if he had brought jewels home to her. Then she in her turn would expatiate on the ; poultry interests and assure him that there were already nearly two hundred little chicks on the place. One afternoon, during a shower, she ventured to beguile him into listening to the greater part of one of the agricul-, tural journals, and with much deference made two or three suggestions about the farm which he saw were excellent. She little dreamed that if she were willing to talk of turning the farm upside down and inside out, he would have listened with pleasure. They both began to acquire more serenity and hopefulness, for even this sordid business partnership was growing strangely interesting. The meals grew less and leBS silent, and the farmer would smoke his pipe invitingly near in the evening, so that she could resume their talk on bucolic subjects without much conscious effort, while at the same time if she did not wish his society she could shun it without discourtesy. He soon perceived that she needed some encouragement to talk even of farm matters, but having received it that she showed no further reluctance. He naturally began to console himself with business as unstintedly as he dared. ' AB long as I keep on this tack all BeemB well,'he muttered. 'She don't act as if I was disagreeable to her, but then, how can a man tell ? If she thinks it her duty, she'll, talk and smile, yet shiver at the very thought of my touching her. Well, well, time will show. We seem to be getting more sociable, anyhow.' They both recognized this fact and tried to disguise it and to relieve themselves from the appearance of making any undue advances by greater formalities of addrcrss. In Jane's presence, he had formed the habit of speaking to his wife as Mrs. Holcroft, and now he waB invariably ' Mr.' One evening, in the latter part of Jane, he remarked at supper. ' I must give half a day to hoeing the garden to-morrow. I've been so busy working at the corn and potatoes that it seems an age since I've been in the garden.' She and me.'began Jane, 'I mean Mrs. Holcroft and I, have been in the garden.' ' That's right, Jane, you're coming on. I think your improved talk and manners do Mrs. Holcroft much credit. I'd like to take Rome lessons myself.' Then, as if a little alarmed at his words, he hastened to ask, 1 What have you been doing in the garden ?' You'll see when you get there,' replied Jane, her small eyes twinkling with the rudiments of fun. Holcroft looked at the child as if he had not seen her for some time either. Her hair was neatly combed, braided and tied with a blue ribbon instead of a string, her gown was as becoming as any diess could be to her, her little brown hands were clean, and they no longer managed the knife and fork in an iU-bred manner. The very expression of the child's face was changing, and now that it was lighted up with mirth at the little surprise awaiting him, it had at least attained the negative grace ot being no longer repulsive. He sighed involuntarily as he turned away. ' Just see what she's doing for that child that I once thought hideous 1 How much she might do for me if she cared as I do ?' He rose from the table, lighted hiB pipe and went out to the doorstep, Alida looked at him wistfully. He stood there with me once and faced a mob of men,' she thought. Then he put his arm around me. I would face almost any danger for even such a caress again.' The memory of that hour lent her unwonted courage, and she approached timidly and said, 'Perhaps you would like to go and look at the garden? Jane and I may not have done everything right.' ' Why, certainly,. I forgot about the garden; but then you'll have to go with me if I'm to tell you.' ' 1 don't mind,' she said, leading the way. The June sun was low in the west, and the air had become deliciously cool and fragrant. The old rose bushes were in bloom, and as she passed she picked a bud and faBttned it on her bosom. WoodLhrushea, orioles and the whole chorus of birds were in full song; limpid rills of meindy from the meadow larks flowed from the fields, and the whistling of the quails added to the harmony. Holcroft was in a mcod of which he had never been conscious before. These familiar sounds, which had been unheeded so much of his life, now affected him strangely, creating an immeasureable sadness and longing. It seemed as it perceptions which were like new senses were awakening in his mind. The world wab full of wonderful beauty before unrecognized, and the woman who walked lightly and gracefully at hia side was the crown of it all. He himself was so old, plain and unworthy by contrast. His heart ached with a positive, definite pain that he was not y ounger, handsomer and betttr equipped to win the love of his wife. As she stoud in the garden, wearing the rose, her neat dress outlining her graceful form, the level rays of the sun lighting up her face and turning her hair to gold, he felt that he had never seen or imagined such a woman before, She was in harmony with the June evening and a part of it, while he, in his working clothes, his iugg.:d, sun-browned features and hair tinged with gray, was a blot upon the scene. She, who was so lovely, must be conscious of his rude, clownish appearance. He would have faced any man living and held his own on the simple bnsis of his manhood, Any thing like scorn, although veiled, on Alida's nart, would have touched hiB pride and steeled his will, but the words and manner of this gentle woman who tried to act as if blind to all that he was in contrast with herself, to show him deference, kindness and good-will when perhaps she felt towards him somewhat as she did towards Jane, overwhelmed him with humility and grief. It is the essence of deep, unselfish love to depreciate itself and exalt its object. There was a superiority in Alida which Holcroft was learning to recognize more clearly every day, and he had not a trace of vanity to sustain him. Now he was in a mood to wrong and undervalue himself without limit. She showed him how much Bhe and Jane had accomplished, how neat and clean they had kept the rows of growing vegetables and how good the promise was for an indefinite number of dinners, but she only added to the farmer's depression. He was in no mood for onions, parsnips and their vegetable kin, yet thought, ' She thinks I'm only capable of being interested in such things and I've been at much pains to give that impression. She picked that rose for herself and now she's showing vie how soon we may hope to have summer cabbage and squash. She thus shows that she knows the difference between us and that always must be between us, 1 fear. She is so near in our daily life, yet how can I ever get auy r nearer 1 As I feel now, it seems impossible.' She had quickly observed his depressed, abstracted manner, but misinterpreted the causes. Her own face clouded and grew troubled. Perhaps she was revealing too much of her heart, although seeking to disguise it so sedulously, and he was penetrating her moLives for doing so much in the garden and in luring him thither now. He was not showing ,much practical interest in beans and beets, and was evidently oppressed and ill at ease. 'I hope we have done things right ?' she ventured, turning away to hide tears of disappointment, ' Her self- sacrifice is giving out,' he thought bitterly, ' She finds she can scarcely look at me as I now appear in contrast with this June evening. Well, I dou't blame her. It makes me almost sick when 1 think of myself, and I won't be brute enough to say a harsh word to her.—You have done it all far better than I could,' he Baid emphatically, '1 would not have believed it if you hadn't shown me. The trouble is, you are trying to do too much. I—I think I'll take a walk.' In fact, he had reached the limit of endurance • he Could not look upon her another moment as she appeared that evening and feel that she associated with him chiefly with crops and business, and that all her grateful good-will could not prevent his personality trom being disagreeable. He must carry his bitterness whither no eye could see him, and as he turned his self-disgust led him to whirl away hiB pipe. It struck a tree and fell shattered at his foot. Alida had never seen him do anything of the kind befoie, >nd it indicated that he was passing beyond the limits of patience. ' Oh, oh,' she sobbed, ' 1 fear we are going to drift apart ! If he can't endure to talk with me about luch things, what chance have I at all ? I hoped that he hour, the beauty of the evening and the evidence hat I had been trying so hard to please him would nake him more like what he used to be before he seemed to take a dislike. There's only one way to account for it all,—he sees how I feel and he don't like it. My very love sets him against me. My heart waa overflowing to-night. How could I help it, as I remembered how he stood up for me? He was brave and kind; he meant well by me, he means well now; but he can't help his feelings. He has gone away now to think of the woman that he]did love and loves still, and it angers him that I should think of taking her place. He loved her as a child and girl and woman— he told me so ; he warned me and said he could not help thinking of her. If I had not learned to love him so deeply and passionately, and show it in spite of myself, time would gradually have Boftened the past and all might have gone well. Yet how could I help it when he saved m'e from 6o much ? I feel to-night t though, that I only escaped one kind of trouble to meet another almost as bad and which may become worse.' She strolled to thefarther end of the garden that Bhe might become calm before meeting Jane's scrutiny. Useless precaution, for the girl had been watching them both. Her motive had not been unmixed curiosity, since having taken some part in the garden work, she had wished to witness Holcroft's pleasure and hear his praises. Since the actors in the scene so misunderstood each other, she ceriainly would not rightly interpret them. 'She's losin' her hold on 'im,' she tnought. ' He acted just as if she was mother.' When Jane saw Alida coming towards the house she whisked from the concealing shrubbery to the kitchen again and waB stolidly washing the dishes when her mistress entered. ' You are slow to-night,'said Alida, looking at the child keenly, but the impassive face revealed nothing. She set about helping the girl, feeling it would be a relief to keep her hands busy. Jane's efforts to comfort were always maladroit, yet the apparent situation so interested her that she yielded to her inclination to talk. ' Say,' she began, and Alida was too dejected and weary to correct the child's vernacular,—' Mr. Holcroft's got somethin' on his mind,' Well, that's not strange,' ' No, s'pose not. Hate to see 'im look so, though. He always used to look so when mother went for 'im and hung around 'im. At last he cleared mother out, and just before he looked as black as he did when he passed the house while ago. You're good to me an' I'd like you to stay. 'Ei's you I,d leave 'im alone. 'Jane,' said Alida, coldly, ' I don't wish you ever to speak to me of such things again,' and she hastily left the room. ' Oh, well,' muttered Jane. ' I've got eyes in my head. If you're goin' to be foolish, like mother, and keep a-goin' for 'im, it's your lookout. I kin get along with him and he with me, and I'm goin' to stay.' Holcroft strode rapidly up the lane to the deep solitude at the edge of his woodland. Beneath him lay the farm and the home that he had married to keep, yet now, without a second's hesitation, he would part with all to call hia wife wife. How little the name now satisfied him, without the sweet realities of which the word is significant I The term and relation had become a mocking mirage. He almost cursed himself that he had exulted over his increasing bank account and general prosperity and had complacently assured himself that she was doing just what ha had asked, without any sentimental nonsense. ' How could I expect it to turn out otherwise ?' he thought. 1 From the first I made herthink I hadn't a soul for anything but crops and money. Now that she's getting over her trouble and away from it, she's more able to see just what I am, or at least what she naturally thinks 1 am. But she doesn't understand me,—I scarcely understand myself. I long to be a different man in every way, and not to work and live like an ox. Here are some of my crops almost ready to gather and thev neve r were better, yet I've no heart lor the work. Seems o me it'll wear me out if I have to carry this load of trouble all the time. 1 thought my old burdens hard to bear ; I thought I was lonely before, but it was nothing compared with living near one you love, but from whom you are cut off by something you can't see yet must feel to the bottom of your heart.' ' His distraught eyes rested on the church spire, fading in the twilight, and the littleadjoining graveyard. ' O Bessie,' he groaned, ' why did you die ? I was good enough for you. Oh, that all had gone on as it was and I had never known '— He stopped, shook his head and was silent. At last he sighed, ' 1 did love Bessie, I love and respect her memory as much as ever. But somehow 1 never felt as I do now. All was quiet and matter-of-fact m those days, yet it was real and satisfying, I was content to live on' one day like another, to the end of my days. If I hadn't been so content it would be better for me now. I'd have a better chance if 1 had read more thought more and fitted myself to be more of a companion for a woman like Alida. If I knew a great deal and could talk well Bhe might forget I'm old and homely. Bessie was so true a friend that she would wish, if she knows, what / wish. I thought I needed a housekeeper ; 1 find I need more thau all else such a wife as Alida could be—one that could help me to be a man instsad of a drudge, a Christian instead of a discontented and an uneasy unbeliever. At one time, it seemed that she was leading me along so naturally and and pleasantly that I never was so happy, then all at once it came to me that she was doing it from gratitude and a sense of duty r , and the duty gjows harder for her every day. Well, there seems nothing for it now but to go on as we began and hope that the future will bring us more in sympathy'. (To be continued,,) We learn from the report of the Ragged School Union that over 5,000 garments and a large number of boots had been distributed to those local schools most in need of such extra assistance. The question of emigration had received attention ; grants had been made in aid of gymnasia ; many lectures had been delivered and about 50,000 children had been amused and instructed by the magic -lantern ; the Holiday Homes Fund and the Benevolent Fund contrasted favourably in amounts with previous years, and the muster-roll gave 4,040 teachers and workers. Receipts from all sources represented a total of £12,544 6s. 2d. for the year, The religious agencies had been sustained without any marked change, and the average weekly attendance at the prayer meetingshad been 8,000. The nine shoe-black brigades affiliated to the Union, showed 371 boys enrolled, with earnings for the year 1888 amounting to £11,083 7s. 6£d. There were J30 Bands of Hope, having a pledged membership of 11,826. The temperance work amongst the adults embraced 29 ragged churches, with 5,170 in attendance, .tnd 120 mothers' meetings, with 7,679 in membership. Thrift had been promoted by and through the clothing and boot clubs, which had been sustained in 41 schools. Penny banks, established in 84 schools, showed 21,416 depositors, who had saved £8,396 3s, 8d,. One hundred and seventeen schools reported lending libraries having a total of 34,987 volumes. 