PAULINE PART.— CONCLUSION. — ?? ? ♦ ? LONDON. Chapter XXXV. — Tom's Opportunity. '* Every dog has his day. and every man his hcur.' Lady Calverley fretted in impotent vexation. ' My de«r Pauline, I always like to have a chat with you ; but these gardens are so public. ovcriouKca uy so many winuuws— uoii i yuu i think we had tetter keep together a little ? I ' We can't lose ourselves, Auntie. The gardens are closed in on every side, and only I the people in the square have access to them, j Now, are they not charming? Come, look down ibis vista ; is not that a lovely blending of dark and pale green overhead, with those rows of bright things along the paths ? That is what you came to see. Here is my seat, and looking on that leafy ? ' ] ** Oh, very ; yes, charming. I suppose we shall meet them if we turn down this walk ?' ' Then we won't turn down it. Let us sit down here. This piece of grass is like velvet, is it not ? Look ? ' ** I see, my dear, and I do indeed admire it exceedingly. But, Pauline, I do not like,' wilb gathering determination, 'Elsie to be seen wandering about ? ' *' My dear Auntie, who is to see her? and abe is only gone with Tom !' ' Is it not — not ? ' ' Not an unheard-of thing, is it ? Theyused to be always together ; and you and I were companions too, in old days. I want to know, how do you go to- morrow ?' ?* By the Great Northen, from King's Cross.' ' By the Great Noithern 1 Thai » up the east coast. Where do you stop ? Edinburgh?' ?? We do not need to stop anywhere. We— we go straight to Calverley.' ' To CaU-erley ? ' Pauline stopped short. This arrangement had never been mentioned to her or Tom. ' I thought you were going sttaight to Gourloch !' ' It is not ready for us, my dear ; it will not be ready fur another week or more. Youi aunt and cousin were kind enough' to ask us tc make a bait with them, as neither Elsie noi I,' emphatically, ' cored to remain longer hi ' Did Elsie not ? I thought she said she was cross because she was going.' ' I never heard her say that till to-night : she was put out about otbsr — little — things. She is quite willing to go to Calverley, I assure you.' (?'Now I understand,' thought Pauline — ' now I see why poor Tom was allowed this one evening. He was to have it under strict supervision, just for decency's sake, and then Elsie was to be whirled away to Hugh and Calverley. Oh, Tom ! if you could only know ail that hangs on this one half-hour !') ?? It is rather early to banish the poor child to the Highlands, is it not ?' proceeded her aunt, apologetically ; 'she will see nobody at Gourloch, you know. Calverley is a charming place, and it is a pity she should so seldom be there ; we have not paid them a visit for teats.' ' Nor have I.' said Pauline. ' You like better coming to us, do you not ? And we like having you. Aunt Marion is very kind, but I don't think she and you were ever great friends, were you ?' ' No, I don't think we were.' Pauline pursued the interesting topic, aware that a good, confidential, relational talk behind backs was what her aunt never could resist. 'You see,' she said, 'Aunt Marion never seemed to make us at home, as you did. She made too much of us. so that we felt we were visitors every moment of the day ; and there was always so much stiffness, and such planning and arranging before one could take so much as a walk in xht gardens ? ' ?-Yes, yes, 'died Lady Calverley, delighted ; **4b«t *s exactly your Aunt Marion ! Before one can take a walk in the grounds, as you say, -everybody must know what you are going to do. and every chance of interruption be provided »pin«i ! It was the same here. Really, yoo know, however much one wishes to be con siderate, when carried to 'such an extent it becomes irksome. I had to leave a message if I did but run as far as the post office ! The ? post office was at the end of the street, and I liked tbe ran; but ifyour aunt Marion chanced to come in, it was, * Where had I gone?' and * When should I return ?' so that realty I have felt these last days so free ? ** she recollected herself. i ' I know I can trust yon, Pauline ; yen are not one to make mischief. Yon understand what-I mean. It is nothing really worth com plaining of — it is a mere trifle '; but you see, having been . my own mistress,' with a sigh, ** for so many years, 1 am not accustomed even to the mildst restraint. It is a liuie restraint, my dear — that is exactly the word; and to tell you tbe truth, I never care very 'much for beingatCalveriey, for that very reason J Your aunt knot — not ? ' 'I dunk I can tell what it is.' ** She is not quite delicate about little things. She seems to forget altogether that I was once in her place, or that Sir Edward was my own dear husband ! She talks of him too freely — too freely by far. Most ignoramly and unjustly too, sometimes, I must -say.' (The dis obedient young ones were entirely lost sight of as die warmed with her subject.) *' His mis management,' she continued—*' that ins what she harped upon daring the whole of oar last visit. ? I have not heard so much about it lately, hot I daresay I shall as soon as we go there. His mismanagement ! In what it consisted it would be difficult, I imagine, to point out. I coold mc po mmnamgement. Everything always seemed as nice as possible. No one ever hinted to me of rai- manag«n»t=m. And then, she cails oa me to approve of numlierie-s alterations. They may be improvements— I cannot tell. To me they certainly are anything but pleasant I never do enjoy going to Cal- ! verley ' ' Oh, I daresay you will get on better this ,4UKi 1 ' I'm sure I hope so — for Elsie's sake. I Remember, my dear, that nothing I have said j jears the least reference to Hugh. He, poor I iear. has nothing to do with it ; he is so gentle j ind affectionate that I never feel out of my I place with him. Nor would I wish to be un- I just to your Aunt Marion only ? ' j ' Yes ?' said Pauline, with a sudden fear that she saw her other aunt threading her way towards them. I It proved to be a false alarm, and sbe could once more assume the post of confidential listener. _ ! Lady Calveriy was talking steadily on. She j was ' well at it' now, lost to every thought but that of her congenial theme. Domineering ? that was the word. So do mineering ! Every one must be happy in h«-r way ! Tney must have her tastes, her pursuits ! Even in graver matters, it appeared, she would fein have led ; but here Pauline would believe that the stronp but worldly woman had been baffled — that on Mjch points the trot Christian could be steadfast, for conscience sake. The hour slipped by, and a slight breeze began to fan ihe lops of the branches. Lady Calverley gave a little shiver. ' It grows chilly,' she said ; ?' we must have j been sitting still a long time. What have we been about ? Mrs. Wyndham will think we have have neglected her shamefully.' ' Perhaps,' said Pauline, rising, with a smile, *' we had better gn jn.' ' And Tom ? And Elsie ?' ' There they are !' ' You see, Aunt Ella, I really couldn't help it.' This was all the apology Tom had to oner for two faces that told their own tale so unmis takably that even the most incredulous could read it at a glance Oh, how thanklul the p-jor « oman was at the moment that she was uot at Calverley ! That was her first, her instantaneous thought. How easily the blow fell, after all, when ac companied by such sol»s and kisses, tears and laughter ! Nobody frowned on her, nobody scolded, nobody was made miserable. She was taken at unawares. She had been descanting on the very topic meet for such a conclusion, uncon cr^rktidtr nrnnstinff fnr it . hv I he -tloW fire of in iubordination which had been kindling in her breast during the recital of her wrongs. This now burst into a flame. ! Had not her own child, her pretty darling, , a right to choose in such a matter ? Was she to be overruled by any tyrannical will, and ordered what she was to do ? not even by her own mother, either. — not even by Jthe only one who had a right to speak, if right^there was ? Great for Tom was the moment he bad chosen ! She was conquered with scarcely a struggle, threw open the gates ana admitted the enemy at once to her innermost citadel ! It was but, ' Tom, Tom, you naughty boy ! ' And he was banging round her neck, just as he used to do ! She was, in truth, hewildered. and knew noi ?hat she said, or if indeed she said an- thing at all. To this day she maintains that hei consent was never asked ! But she says that one thing greatly struck her. That, amidst the tumult of petitions, praises, smiles and whispers, she caught a glimpse of a sweet and beautiful lace, so illu uiincu uy uurc uiistMiaii j^j ??»*' ? ? ^«.*- -»?*?? ??- though it might belong to a loving soul in Paradise, rather than to an intaahitant of this stained ami sinful world. She says that look overcame her, and thai Tom owes his winning Elsie to Pauline. Tom, however, has no idea of giving in to this. If it was any one who got him thai, hi' says, it was his Aunt Camilla. ' For you see,' he explained afterwards, ' 1 iorgot all about money and that ; and if Auni Camilla had not come forward in such a splen did wav, and said she would make it all right. I don't'know what we should have done. Shr went straight off to her lawyer the very nrxi moining, and I am to have half, and the other half is to be lor Pauline. Wasn't it jolly ol her ? Uncle Julius and she, between them, are going to settle an allowance on me besides, so that I need not have to live on Elsie's money for the present. And — and — they are all a great deal too good to me, you know ; it makes a fellow feel— ashamed.' All that required to be done ere the eventful evening closed, was to telegraph lo Calverley, and to laltp on the rooms in Dover-street : foi as to carrying out that journey, tne oare tnougnt of it was more than either mother or daughter durst contemplate. A letter explained the telegram, but we need not witness the reception of ekher. Mrs. Calverley 's scorn and Hugh's woes may thus be left out ol our little story ; and as both oi these were out of sight of the happy party in London, so I imagine were they out of mind. As for the German book, I greatly fear its translation will never be- accomplished. Mrs. Wyndham would willingly have re ceived Lady Calverley and Elsie into her house for the remainder of their stay in town, but it was not large enough to accommodate them comfortably ; so that Tom was obliged to be satisfied with finding them in the drawing-room every evening on his return home, or with going to Dover-street himself. It may be be lieved his case was not a hard one. He was never asked, nobody thought of inviting him ; be had bis revenge for all those miserable luncheons, in tbe way he now went and came at will, and in the tears that fell upon his shoulder tbe night before Elsie left for Gour ? ? u That she should weep for this, when be was to follow in a few weeks ! He was awed by the extent of his happiness, by his great prosperity. ' I knew she could never care about a fellow who lay upon the sofa,' he said, adverting to Hugh ; ' bat then, that was no reason, you see, why she should care for one who didn't. And she was such a little vixen ! Was she not, Pauline ? She would not give me the ghost of an idea whether I had a chance or aot ! Who would have believed the little thing could have been so dose ? It was not tbe least like her ; I thought thu when you came, at all events, you would have found out everything in a minute.' ' She took another character for the time,'1 said Pauline, unconscious, however, that she loo could do tbe like on occasion. ** Love can work other changes besides making the bold timid, and the timid bold. It can make tbe meek perverse, and the gentle obstinate ; and 'The good- tempered as sulky as bears,' said Tom. ' Fancy, I have seen Elsie sulk in a corner, so that I hardly knew whether I should have liked best to have boxed her ears, or — have boxed all the other ears in the room ! I knew they. were tormenting hei.' ' Ai least you know it now.' She could not forbear a smile. 'I should think I did know, now 1 I have maae ner leu me au aooui it, over ana over again — and you won't see aunt Marion at Gour loch in a hurry, I can . tell you, Pauline ; she was the one, you know— she was my worst enemy. As for Hugh, F«n only sorry for him ; but I daresay he'll take a tonic, and get over it. Well now, Pauline, there's only you to be provided for,' continued Tom, superior in the fulness of his satisfaction. ' Elsie and I will nave to take you io hand. We shall have a house in town, you know. I mean to go with what J*m doing. Uncle Julias thinks it would -e a pity to throw up such an opening, just vhen I have begun to get through the drud gery ; and then, with a tirtr.e of one's own, it vill be all so different ; Besides, they're to juy me a partnership, instead of making me in allowance ! That is the rew idea. It was -nly not spoken of before, because they thought [ mightn't care to go on with it. But I don't iiiod. I should not like to marry, and not do inytbing for my wife ! I wouldn't live on her i money for the world ! Aunt Ella is to stay j with us a good part of the year, and of course j we shall always be at Gourloch in the autumn. We have been settling it al! this morning. When ( told Aunt Camilla, she was awfully pleased. And oh, Pauline 1 she had such a letter from those [eroiyns I' Pauline had not seen it. ' It came when you were out,' said Tom. ?* She must be an atrocious woman ! But if I had been Aunt Camilla, I don't think I should have told them all she was doing for me. They are furious ! And what do you think she,' alluding to his aunt, ' bad the sense to say ? She only observed, with a sly look, that she did not think they would come quite so often over to the Grange as they used to do !' Even Pauline could not say that this was un fair ; Mrs. Jermyn's attentions bad been too conspicuously fulsome. ' So, you see, you will not be troubled with too much of their company, whatever house in the neighbourhood you are in,' said Tom, thinking of Finch Hall. She could not answer, thinking of Blundell saye. (TO BE CONTINUED.) AN enterprising physdan advertisers : 'I [ will pay one-ball the furneral expenses in case! where I am not succesful.' An Irishman, who was very near-sighted, about to fight a duel, insisted that he should stand six paces nearer to his antagonist that the olhe.' did to him, and that they were boll I to fire at the same time. 