Four Hundred Miles by Coach and Buggy. Mr. J. Birkenshaw, of the Salvation Army, has been to Port Macquarie, and a short account of his visit, as recorded in the War Cry, may not be un interesting to our readers. We make the following extract :— In October last Port Macquarie was sur prised at the advent of the Salvation Army. Many said we could do nothing there, as the people were so good. But we rejoice in the fact that God's Kingdom has been extended by men and women getting saved, and these being imbued with the war spirit were anxious to become soldiers. So the Major decided to pay this town a visit. 'Your only chance is overland,' so wired Captain Snow, as the regular boat disappointed us. We jumped on the coach at Hexham and about 8 o'clock in the morn ing we arrived at a small town called Gloucester, which is at the foot of a chain of mountains which we commenced to ascend the same night, and when we reached the top the driver cracked his whip and the four horses went full gallop. The Major nearly came to grief by being almost thrown out of the coach, which caused him to ejaculate to his com panion in distress, ' I suggest we have a watch night service.' There is no heed for us to say we were delighted when the dawn of day came and we arrived in the beautiful town of Taree, where Treasurer Lee met us with his buggy and drove us out to Port Macquarie. After being on the road two days and one night we were glad to hear the shouts of welcome. We entered the barracks and found the tables richly laden with good things and all soldiers going in to make the demonstration a success, which thank God it proved to be, the people coming up well. The inner man being fed we went in for a real blood-and-fire meeting. One comrade told us he rode 60 miles to be sworn in as a salvation soldier. The Articles of War were read, when nineteen men and women rose to their feet and vowed allegiance to God and the Army. On Sunday out meetings were extraordinary times of power and blessing. At night, hall packed and the Major's conversion showed forth the Almighty power of Him who could save to the uttermost, and we gave a shout cf triumph when three young men volunteered out for Salvation. On Monday night the colours were presented to this corps. The Major had wonderful liberty in explaining the true prin ciples that are shown forth in our flag. Captain Snow and Lieutenant Murphy both told out their determination to show to the world by their lives that the blood had cleansed, the fire had purified, and the Holy Ghost was helping them ever to go forward to victoiy. We finished these meetings with a coffee-supper, over 100 remaining. Spirit ually and financially we had great success. We travelled in this tour over 400 miles, 280 of which Treasurer Lee kindly drove us by buggy. The Lord reward him. 