A DIGGER'S CHRISTMAS. ITr was on the Tinpot Gully diggings, now known to fame by a far more euphonious title, that early in the fifties I spent my first Christmas in Australia. There were all sorts and conditions of men there, men from every nation and everyclass. English men and Italians, Russians and Por tuguese, Persians, Chinamen, and negroes, sons of peers and London pickpockets, all rubbed shoulders on the Tinpot Gully diggings. But they came naturally enough to me in .those days. At one.and twenty nothing as tonishes one, and I took things as I found them, and questioned not, and barely wondered at the mixed com pany in which I found myself. Very peaceful and pretty looked the scene as I stood at my tent door, or rather curtain, and surveyed it thus early in the morning. All the camp was sleeping. Most of the diggers had madea night of it the night be fore in anticipation of the holiday, and now were sleeping off th1e ffects so that I had it all to myself, and spite of the havoc wrought by the diggers the gully was pretty still. We were all camped on the fiat that bordered the 'banks of the creek, and away beyond on'all sides stretched the hills, stand ing out clearly now in the brilliant morning sunlight, range upon range in a series of blue ridges, till they faded away in the bluer distance. The Union Jack--.em blem of authority- floated from the staff in front of the com* missioner's tent, and from my out look I could see the sunlight gleaming on the carbines of the troopers'whb stood sentry over the gold tent, and digger as I was, and mortal foe'to all troopers, the sunbeams on those carbine barrels gave me a.comfort able sense of security, for (for the first time in our diggings experience) my mate and I had lodged a little chamois-leather bag full of gold dust. and small nuggets- part of that for tune which we trusted in days to come would take us back to the old land-with the commnissioner, and I was glad to feeool in those ,wild times that he was fully alive to the nature of histrust. Having satisfied myself as to the safety of my property, I re entered .the tent and roused out my mate. 'Rouse out, Dick, old man! Merry Chrietmas to you, my boy. A Merry Christmas, and many of 'em.' Dick turned over sleepily, rubbed his eyes, and went through exactly the same performanice I had done be fore he could rouse himself to sufficient energy to accompany me across the hills to another creek, where, the bot tom being of red rock, the crystal water was still pure and unsullied by the digger's desecrating hand. Our dip 'was refreshing; we .could only find time for it on Sundays and holi days such as this, and probably we ap. preciated it all the more for its rarity. Our toilet was simplicity itself. We each arrayed ourselves in a red flannel shirt and moleskin trousers, clean to. day in honour of Christmas, tucked into our high boots, while a slouch hat and a revolver in the belt com pleted our costume. On our return I proceeded to prepare breakfast, while Dick looked after the sick boy, Breakfast was not sumptuous; all my energies were reserved for dinner, and Dick had to make out as.best he might on damper, left from the night before,' and the cold remains of a nondescript joint of mutton. 'lre.came back just I had got the rough meal ready; reporting Wilson as a little better and awfully hungry. Then he tipped the tea-posts and rails we used to call it-into our tin panniikins, and proceeded to boil part of a cab bage in the billy for the invalid. I laugh now when I think that in those days we counted a common cabbage a luxury fit to tempt a sick man's appe. tite; but, indeed, luxuries of all kinds were scarce, and as for that cabbage it had been procured with infinite pains, and at great cost; and the odour that rose from. the pot-the very offensive odour of boiled cab bage, as I now think it- appeared to us most appetising. I went'with Dick to give poor Bob Wilson his breakfast. It was a very thin, white, pinched face that lookerd out from among the rough bedclothes, and a skeleton hand that grasped mine. .' :.' "Heaijijreciated the cabbage, how ever. I have been told since it ought to have killed him, but it didn't. 'By Jove ! ' he said, ' it's splerdid, splendid. It must have cost a lot to get it. You fellows are good to me. If it hadn't been for you two I'd have died like a dog'-not quite true, for if we hadn't looked after him some one else would-' and before the next year's out I'll show you how grateful I am.' And before the next year was out the poor boy was dead-murdered by some miscreant for the handful of gold in his possession down in the lonely bush about Reedy Creek. Wilson's wants being attended to, Dick and I began our preparations for the all-important dinner. This was to consist of roast scrub turkey and plum pudding, washed down by Battle-axe brandy. And here the grand old cookery.book adage came into play, for as yet our bird was run ning wild in the scrub, and it was a case of first catch your turkey. The morning was hot, but not too hot, with just a pleasant breeze stirring in the bush, and I rather decired to go on the shooting expedition. I ven tured to suggest- mildly that Dick was a better hand at a pudding than I was, but he saw my little game. Pudding was not an absolute necessary of life, he said, which the turkey really was, and as I was a bad shot-there was no denying the fact, I was a very bad shot-he had better go while I stopped at home and manipulated the pud. ding. Dick always had his own way in the end, and I watched him enviously as he tramped up the opposite hill-side until he was lost to view, and then I set to work on the pudding. The whole camp was astirby now some busy preparing their morning meal, some, like me, beginning on dinner, and many too sick and seedy to think of anything but more brandy, while one or two were good enough to come and favour mewith their views on the cooking of the pudding. We had laid in all the necessaries at least a week before, apd then I set to work to stone raisins for the first, and, I trust. the last, time in my life. It is labo rious work. I'd rather use a pick and shovel any day, but I knew it ought to be done, I had heard my mother say so many a time; so I stuck fo it gallantly, and with sticky and aching fingers worked through that pile of raisins. Everything comes to an end at length, and at last I came to the end of those raisins, and poured them into the b1cket where th, flour and ourrants, and stgatr tid candied peel were already 1eposing. To these I added a billy of water from the creek, and stirred the lot together with a big stick. 'My wife informs me that a good plum pudding can't be made without a certain proportion of suet, some spice, and six or seven eggs; but I assure you that was a very excellent pudding,. and 'we never even thought of such thinigs. I don't .suppose wb could have got them, if wo had, so. probably it was just as well. After 1 had mixed my pudding I had one moment of deepest despair. There'it lay, i yellow-look ing mass at the bottom of the bucket. So far all was well; but how was that yellow mass to be turned into the orthodox jolly-looking plum pudding ? I was cudgelling my brains over this enigma as I lighted up the fire, when one of the admiring crowd round-I suppose' he must have been a past master in the. art of cooking-solved the difficulty for me. 'Hain't you got a pudding-cloth ?' he asked. 'By Jingo!' I thought, ' of course.' But I ani thankful to say I did not betray my ignorance. 'A pudding-cloth,' I said, as if I had kno'wn all about it all along. 'No; I haven't a.pudding-cloth. I'm going to use a shirt.' Thereupon I retired to the tent and procured a red flannel shirt--one' of Dick's-which, with the top cut off, answered admirably. 'Don't ye, don't ye now tie it too tight, helse it won't 'ave room to swell,' implored my self-constituted adviser, and I followed his advice was only too thankful for it, in fact and by the time Dick returned with the turkey the pudding was bubbling away in the bucket, which did duty as saucepan as jolly as possible. Our Christmas dinner was a decided success. The turkey was splendid, and the pudding, bar a slight gritti ness, occasioned by my not having washed the currants, which I am told should always be done, was also good, and our guests-we had three besides Bob Wilson (guests who brought their own tin plates and knivos and forks)e-thoroughly appreciated it. Nowca.days I can't eat wild turkey until it ha'l been hung a certain time, and unless it is served up with gravy,. port wine, red-currant jeliy, . and piquante sauoc:; but then-well, that was an excellent follow we had for dinner that Christmas Day, I shall never lookupon his like again. After dinner, Biattlo-axo brandy, and other drinks varying only in degrees of strength, being plentiful, the camp became somewhat rowdy, and we, quieter spirits, therefore retired to a shady nook a little way up the creek, where, 'flat on our backs among the grass and ferns, we spent the early part of the afternoon, yarning over other Christmas Days spent in far different fashion in a far distant land. We, too, had Battle-axe brandy as a sort of aftornoon tea, and thus roused Dick up to such an extent that he burst forth into song. Un fortunately, he chose . f'or this theme, "The Old Folks at Home," and, as we joined with his dleer tenor in the chorus of the pathetic old song, there was a lump in more throats than mine as we thought of our old homes and the very small chanice the most of us had'. of seeing the dear old folks again. When' the song' was done there was a dead pause, which no one seemed inclined to break till Left handed Bob astonished us by singing at the top of his voice, 'COhristians, Awake.' We were mightily taken aback and astonished, but somehow the grand Christmas hymn harmonised well with the surroundings-the green grass and ferns and creepers, the trickling water, and the deep blue cloudless. sky, and themurmur of sounds softened by distance which came up from the camp below made a splendid accompaniment. As the afternoon wore away and tlhe shadows grew longer someone sug. gested we should go up and visit old Father Maguire, whose labours, we opined, would probably be over for the day by this time. The'holyfather lived about a mile up the steep hill. side in a small one-roomed hut, more than half hidden by great rooks and boulders which ia primeval ages some volcanic upheaval had scattered around. It was notvery easy to find the father's hut at all; he might have been a priest of Reformation days, so hidden and secluded was his dwelling, and after partaking of the old man's hospitality it was well-nigh impossible to find your way out of the maze again.. As we approached, the volume of smoke which poured out of the chimney assured us our friend was holding high revel; and sure enough, when we opened thedoor, the atmosphere that rushed out was like that of an oven, for the place was barely fifteen feet squre, and in the fireplace was a roaring fire, large enough: to roast a bullock. In the middle of the room, by a small table on which were spread the remnants of a some what meagre feast, sat the owner of the cabin in his shirt-sleeves, while beads of perspiration trickled down his jolly red face. His right hand grasped a pannikin, and his left beat time on the table to the strains of the 'Shan Van Voght,' which he was shouting at the top of his voice. Father Maguire was a kindly, jolly old soul who loved not to mortify the flesh. The weekly Friday fasts were a sore trial to him, and it was rumoured, with what truth I know not, than on these days he went down to the camp at Madman's Creek, there to hold mass, and afterwards invariably called upon the comuissioner, who was not one of the faithful. That young gentleman was glad enough-to entertain the jolly old priest, and always invited him to dinner-an invitation always cheer fu!y accept.d, for the host was a man of taste, and hie dinners. ha"·.~ 'oeIng abundant, had a refinement and a variety about them which most other dinners at that time lacked, 'By me sowl,' Father Maguiro would say, as he rose from the table; 'by me sowl but it's Friday, and it's meself has forgot that same.' And as long as those dinners lasted the father continued to eat them, and invariably made the same remark afterwards. Peace be to his ashes-he has long since been gathered to his fathers..He was a jovial, merry old soul, fulfilling to the ,u?r the Pauline behest 'to think no evil,' and if he did eat some few more dinners than the rules of his church allowed, good dinners did not often come in his way, and I trust he will not be hardly judged for them. The moment he saw us he dropped the pannikin and rose to greet us-a funny, round-tub of man, with his brhces dangling behind him. 'Och, sure, an' it's bhoys! Come yez in, an' a merry Christmas to yez. Come yez in, an' I'll brew yes some scaltheen in honour av the day.' Scaltheen was what Father Maguire was famous for, and exactly what we had come for. It was, in truth, rather a potent drink, consisting as it did of whisky, sugar, butter, and water, all boiled together in the little black kettle now 'singing away on the hob, and assisted materially in raising fresh difficulties round that already difficult path through the rocks. As the old gentleman bustled round mixing his ' scaltheen,' we became aware of another occupant of the cabin, a tall, thin, dark-haired, cadaverous looking young priest-just fresh from All Hallows'. He sat theresoleunly on an upturned brandy case in the corner, and glared disapprovingly out of his hollow black eyes at the revel going on round.him. Father Maguire remembered his existence after a bit and introduced him. 'Sure an' it's Faher Mahoney bhoys, jist out from ould Ireland. Faix and ho's falin' a bit lonesome. Sure now, father dear, sing sing-it'll do yes 'g0dd." "The 'Wearin' o' the Green,' father, or' Garryowen.' Come now. His voice it's just beautiful, bhoys; och, but ye should just hear him,' and the poor old father nodded confidentially at us, fell back in his chair, his eyes gradualy closed, the pannikin dropped out of his hands, and the whisky trickled down on to the earthen floor. Father MIahoney evidently felt that the time had now come for him to speak or forever after hold his peace, as the Marriage service has it. He rose from his seat, and stalked across the room, a tall thin figure in hislong black coat, and stood over his prostrate brother. 'Father Maguiro,' he said, in the broadest of Cork brogues, without the ghost of a smile on his grave Irish face, 'is it song yes wantin'?. Will, thin, it's just a jeremaid I'd be sing ming yes, and not another song at all, at all.' Then, without deigning to take any notice of us, he flung open both door and window-the atmosphere stood greatly in need of a little freshening, I must admit-and went out on the hillside, leaving us irreverent young sters convulsed with laughter. . The fun was over now, as far as we were concerned, for Father Maguire, over come by his own magic brew, was calmly sleeping,: and no' efforts of ours could elicit more than a grumpy. • .. ' Arrah, thin-be still now-will yez ?' So as the shadows were grow ing longer and longer, and Christmas Day was rapidly drawing to a close, we turned towards the camp again. Bob Wilson had spent rather a dreary afternoon all by himself, but we cheered him up with a graphic ac count of our visit to the two priests, got him some tea, and then, when the sun had set behind the hills, ad Journed to the public-house, the El dorado Hotel as it was called, there to take part in one of those festive entertainmonts known as a 'bull dance'; that is to say, a dance at - which women were conspiouous by by their abselice. In this case, though, we were in luck, for there were actually four women among about a hundred men, namely, theland lord's wife, a buxom matron of fifty, weighing about fourteen stone, but 'game yet,' as she herself said,'to shake a leg with the youngest;' his two daughters, fair, freckled, sandy haired damsels, who were the objects of far greater attention. than their very moderate charms appeared to sanction; and pretty Lizzie, the bar maid. WeVo always called her 'Pretty Lizzie,' and if she had any other name I never heard it. She was a dainty little dark thing, with soft dark eyes and bright pink cheeks, and seemed somehow above her station. WVhat adverse fate had drifted her into the service of old Long Potter I'm sure I don't know, for she had bewitching ways, and a gentle voice that won all hearts. I don't think it was the absence of all feminine society that made us fdad 'Pretty L;zzie" so specially charming. I eventhink, looking back he with all the accumulated wisdom of more than thirty years, that there was - something wonderfully sweet about.: her. Anyhow, I, along with some :' hundred others, was very much in love with Lizzie, and, like them, had the pain of knowing-it was really a very keen pain in those days--that my i love was unrequited. The' Eldorado , was but a shanty, part calico tent, part 'i corrugated iron. The room we danced in had only a hardwood floor, and for all furniture had a counter running across one end, on which were arrayed glasses, pannikins, and bottles. Behind this Long Potter stood dispensing re freshments to his guests, for which they paidincoin of the realm or gold-dust. :: Themusic was provided by an old sailor : with a fiddle and two concertinae, and I if the guttering tallow candles and,: ?,p!-?melling oil lamps did rinot provide ' light enough, outside was the glori oneus moon, new at the full, a f?und ? yellow diso poised in the dtark, valvetr sky. They were a rough crowd thiose diggers, rowdy ad full-mouthed, and they squabbled not a little over their. partners. First and foremost each.: man wanted to dance with Pretty Lizzie; Long Potter's two daughters came next, and failing them. their buxom mother proved a bone of cow::. tention;. the non-successefuL ones. aM?.di their name was legion, having to. dance with each other. And dance they did with a will. Never before or since have I seen such energetic dancing as we used to : have at those 'bull dances of diggings days. As the evening-:i advanced and the liquor boganu-· to take effect disputes became:: more frequest, disputes that were,.: as a rule, promiptly settled outside::. by a round of fisticuffs ;. but perhaps the best-hated man there was the'. troopier, who came in about 9 o'clock ,'i and monopolised "Pretty Lizzie." · He was a big, fair man, this trooperi!? -a gentleman evidently, down on his'::' luck, as many a gentleman was in ' those days, and as evidently he wae ii;, love with Lizzie and she was in love-g with him Oh, the adoring glances:. she cast at him as they went down the' room together in a mad gallop. He; got drunk as night 'aavanced, andi before Ileft I was dimly con~soious of ?. a dark corner where a'sobbing woman: was putting a pillow beneath the head:, of her insensible lover. Poor "Pretty'. Lizzie," spite* of it all, she married him'; and ten year' later I saw her again, the weary-looking, draggle. tail landlady of a wayside shanty, :, with half a dozen small children" hanging on her skirts and a drunkeirn. husband lolling in the bar. Poor ' "Pretty Lizzie,"' she was worthy of a."' better fate. I'm afraid I must confess I doni't :: remember much about the close of the evening. I wanted to dance with.'. Lizzie, and when she would have none of me I consoled myself wit?i the flowing bowl to such an extenrit that when by-and-by Dick, suggesting that i we should go home, took me by the arm and led me into the open air, I :. found the ground was rising up to i meet me, and I remarked to my mate ' I thought the moon must be getting old, she was so remarkably unsteady on her legs. I retired to my tent to wake un next morning with a splitting .i headache as a pleasing reminiscence of the revel of the night before. I am not a digger now. Long since I abandoned the.pick and shovel i: for a more lucrative employment- so long since that it is only occasionally I look back on my early days in the colony and my first Christmas on the diggings.--Australasian. 