AUSTRALIAN VERSE AND FICTION. ; BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY.. TT % Criticism in Australia would seem to be a thing of rapid growth and to have in it some element of spontaneity. Before I had actually seen my first article on 41 Australian Verse and Fiction" In the columns of SnLurdftv'a paper, an enthusiastic gentleman writes to offer to mo the amazing statement that I havo "got hold of the old idea that all Australian writers support the principles of the Imperial Federation League." I have certainly never thought so or said 60, but hare, as a matter of fact, said something very distinctly to tho contrary. Another critic, 0 valued personal friend this time, assures mo that my allusion to the whisky and water element which I tbougbhb I had dis covered will giro offence to many. I hope not. It was not offensively intonded, and it has been tmo of many great poets who unhappily havo been too often less morally strong than intellectually splendid. The artistic tern- porament undoubtedly predisposes Its owner to certain forms of self- indulgence, and it would be a little mournful to my mind if a man could not be getitiy honest ou that themo without being thought invidious and offensive. Mais qui t'excuse s'accuse, and it may be wise to say no more upon this head. Yet a th'rd critic writes to tell mo that I havo forgotten tho name of J. Brimton-Stephcnn, which is'in itself a somewhat improbable assumption and is here and now to bo dissipated. For mcro quality of technique, for facility, finish, and indeed nearly all the qualities of workmanship, Brunton stands almost, if not actually, the highest amongst Australian writors. In " Convict Once" ho has created a story essen tially dramatic in conception, though ho has ek(U9uu iu vast. it. iuiu mu luriu ui a i/nw bviim and to crowd hiB work with distinctly morbid introspection. How fine his technique some times is, how nearly faultless, the two following verses show very fairly:— Down iu tbo vines he is sitting, the fruitage-leaf shadows aboro him Loading concomitant charm to the ripeness that liitfthcs his cticek. Thcro is tlic glory ot summer about blra; I see him uiul love him, Asking not why. I but know that the strong one is coine to the weak. Down in tho vinos he is sitting, and radiance loaf- softened and golden On tbe hroud calm of his brow through the veil of tbo vintage is sited. Blest bo each bough that onthrinos him ! Henceforth 1 uin ever beholden Uuto tho slenderest, tenderesb leaflet that shelters hishead.. Tho old Greek measure is not one which wil lingly renders itself to music in the Euglish tongue, nod it ccrtaiuly is not Mr. Brunton Stephen's fault if theso verses seem to carry with them something of an echo of Longfellow's " Evangeline." That is altogether a question of metre, and Longfellow happened to be the first among writers in English who made this metre popular, Tbo workmanship here, as I have already said, is almost faultless, but I think that I shall never again hear ths word "concomitant" after familiarising myself with this verse without a sense of strangeness and discomfort. I will not go so far as to say that do finished artist iu words could by any chance have got it where it Btauds, but I must declare that it comes with something of a sbock and a surprise. It is even curiously cacophonous, and in a passage otherwise 60 graceful, is all the more -remarkable. A habit tbe same writer has of using the word " quiet" as if it woro a monosyllable is again a shock to the sensitive! ear. The poet may justify himself by an nppca to Tennyson, who iu his 44 In Memoriam" uses over and over again the yet more marked dissyllable "spirit," in the same way, bnt Tennyson is a very complete wordmaster, and in one lino in that immortal poem- Spirit to spirit, ghost to ghost: he shows that he recognises the fnll metrical and musical value of the word, and thereby sets the careful critic thinking that he has a special double service for it. This fineness of criticism may looK a little unworthy, but after all the pleasure imparted by verso depends eo largely on the mere absence of painful im pression, that in reviewing any but the very greatest works this trivial criticism is not out of place. The giants mako their own forms, tbeir own rules and laws. They do less what they will than what they must, and they ox- press themselves iiuder a sort of regal compul sion, after the manner of their own nature. The excuse does not avail with smaller men, and where we forgive obscurity aud harshness of expression to Browning or overlook "Words worth's remarkable lapses into childishness we do so by virtue of the counterbalancing value of their work. It is undeniable that Mr. Brunton Stephens is a poet, but he lacks clarity and simplicity. Take, for example, a verse iu which he describes the outward signs of the first dawn of love in a virgin heart. Beautiful sequence of vermeil suffusions nud paleness unbidden, Drcam-lustrod eyes that look inward on something to others uuseeu. Reveries sudden aud maidenly laugor and sighs but half bidduu, Pensive reserve over-drooping tho virginal grace ot her meiu. Now, 1 will not say that this is not well done, but snrcly it is overweighted with words of a trying ami unfamiliar aspect. When the same writer chooses he can ho simplo nnd direct, as witness his poem, "Tho Dominion of Aus tralia—a Forecast." He has been speaking of the subterranean streams which run below the with this strong and manly verse : — So flow. hcucath our good aud ill A viewless utream of common will, A gatheriug force, a present might, That from Its silent depths of gloom At Wisdom's vuieo shall lonp to tii/lit Aud hldo our barren fends in bloom, Till all our sundering lines with lovo o'ergrown, Our bulimia shall bo tho girdliug sens alouo. Mr. Brunton Stepheus proves hero beyond all cavil that he can say what he wants to say in simple, natural nud unnfi'ectcd words. Contrast the direct simplicity atid forco of tbo Hues last quoted with the wilfully obscured and pedantic expres sion of tho others, aud obscrvo how much is gained by the uho of aitnplo words and phrases which can be understood at a glance. Mr. Brunton Stephens is a humorist as well as a poet, aud is at times extremely felicitous, as, for instance, iu the fsuniliav couplet in which he describes tho 44 Other Chinee Cook" — lie was lazy, ho wm chooky, ho was dirty, he was sly ; But he had a single virtue, aud Us uamu was rabbit pic. Some passages in tho address 44 To a Black Gin' aro strong iu humor, though the very nature of the theme, as I suppose, makes them queer reading for over-fastidions people. Thy rugged sklu L hideous with tattooing- And legible with hleroglyplilo wooing, Sweet thiugs iu art of some tlcrcu lover's doing. For thou some lavor hast, I hut a guinea ; Homo partner In thy fetid Ignominy, Tho rnLon d'Otro of this picauuiuuy. Aud is he amorously sympathetic And doth ho ki-M thoe V . . Oh, my soul prophotlo 1 Tho vory uotlou is a strong emetic 1 And doth lio smooth thine hours with oily talking, And take thee conjugally out u-wnlkiug, Aud crowu thy transports with a tomuoawklng? I guess his lovo and anger aro oambinod so ; JlU pa islon on thy shoulders are defined so ; Bis piw-ugoa of lovo arc u uuderlluod" so. This is excellent in its way and bnB a certain wilful, humorous savagery iu it which reminds one of Thomas Hood in some of his moods There ia the same characteristic note iu "New Chum and Old Monarch," which is capital, bit too long for quotation here. Mr. Stephens is very Australian in the selection of his themes ; ho finds liia. inspiration in tho things tbat lie about him, which U always a sign of native voracity ina tuaid of letters, aud he needs noth ing but a resolute effort after tho formation of a clear and simple stylo to enable him to take one of the highest and most honorable places amongst the piouoera oF Australian poetry. Tho late Marcus Clarko had a pretty turn for satire and for literary mimicry. He has left behind him two samples of this gift in his imitations of Kendall and Lindsay Gordon nud in ouch he has caught tho eescntial touo of the persou imitated, though the exaggeration of peculiarity strikes one as being a little merciless. The jolly, swaggering, sun-browned stockrider to whom Gordon pre- KentH us 'a a cavalicr-trooper iu dingninc. Tho gentleman of the time of the Stuarts meets tbn desert-daring adventurer of Victorian nges in hia vorae. The two fratornisc and become in corporate, nnd in " Mark Clancy's Leap" Clarke has very wittily seized ou this distinguishing characteristic of his contemporary. One thiuka of Gordon an being born out of hia time. Ho should have fought at Naseby or at Worcester's crowning fight, but being pitchforked by fate aud lus own ndveuturous spirit into the wild j life of young Australia he took kindly to it,n3 might have beeu oxpected of him. Through ail I his pages there breathes that spirit of reckl essi daring, 'that glow of romance, which dis tinguished tho Royaliats of King Charles' duy. In . my own mind I figure him, booted and spurred, scarlet-coated, with long lovelocks floating iti the breeze. That image of the man may be absurdly inadequate or unlike, but all the Bftmo it will stand, if not for the actual fleshly Lindsay Gordon, for the Ideal ana yet real man depicted in hiB own pages. Poor Gordon— it comes natural to say poor Gordon when speak ing of him— was an adventurous and robuBt- bodicd pessimist, full of the romance of another age than ours. He ia, I think, tbe one figure in the history of Australian Letters, so far, that one looks at with the most complex nnd contradictory and yet the moit interested sympathy. Moro than anybody else he repre sents in conjunction tbe opposing elements of bis tune. Tbe romautic, chivalrous old-world man comes out to do battle, not with an opposing idea, which he cau halo passiouatcly aud iutcuscly, (and so gain strength from it as men do from all sovereign passions), but with tho dull, slow-yielding forces of old nature. These, to a mau of his romantic mould, offered no lasting incoutive to effort. Ho would havo fought the active enemy until ho dropped, but the inertia of tbe forces he was doomed to oppose oppressed him and overwhelmed him early. Tho world will not forget hiui for a while, Zola's theory about the necessity of temperamental work was never better illustrated than by his literary career. Gordon, though he was full of echoes so far as mere style is coucerned, was yet him self and 110 other. He expressed bis own moods, Bpoke his own thoughts, fed on his own ex periences. He could feel acutely tbe rush aud swirl of life expressed in the lay of the Loam- shire Handicap, 41 How we Beat the Favorite." Fresh from the Sydney racing week, the verses tbat follow seem to have a eleater and more exciting ring for me tbau over- She came to hif-quartor, and on still I brought ber, And uj» to hi girth, to hi breastplate she drew A short prayer from NotIIIo just reached me. 'The Devil I" He muttered —looked level tho hurdles wo flew.- A hum of hoarjo cheering, ft dense crowd carecrlug, All sights seen obscurely, all shouts vaguely heard "The green wins," The crlmsou." Tho tuultltudo swims on, And figures arc blended and features aro blurred. The horsj is her ni»a:erl "Tho green forges past her !" , „ " Tho clown will outlast hor !" " The Clowu wins!' " The CUnva !" The white railing ruoes'wlth all the white faces. The chestnut outpaces, outstretches the brown. Ou still pist the gateway, Blto strains la the straight- She struggles! "Tbo Clowu by (vshortneek at most." He swerves ; the . green scourges ; tho stand rocks and surges. Aui flashes uud verges ana lilts tho whito post. Aye, so cads tho ius-tle,— I knew the tun muzzle Was first, though the ring-mun were yelling "dead heat A 11030 I could 9 we ir by. but Clarke said "the mare by A short head." Aud that's how tho favorite was heat. This, I say, tlus rnsh and swirl of excitement Gordon could feeL intensely, but ho could yet write- in there ought worth losing or keeping ? Tho bitters or sweets men quaff? Tho sowing or doubtful reaping ? The harvest of grain or chaff? Or squandering days or reaping, Or waking sca-mns-or sloepluu, The laughter that dries the weeping. Or the weeping that drowns tho laugh ? For joys wax dim and woes deaden, \Ve forget the sorrowful biers And tbu garlands glad that havo fled la Tho merciful march ol years ; And tbe sunuy skies uml the leaden, - And the faces that pale or redden, And tbe Hinilos that lovers are wed In, ' Who (trc burn nud burled iu tear?. There is uo donbt that he felt and meant them both, and between thorn they carry with them something of that fatal air which dis tinguishes the works of Lord Byron, a far greater poet obviously, but a raau very much of the same mood with Gordon. They both quaffed the cup of pleasure somewhat too ea"erly, ami eaeli finds a luxury in the contem plation of his own troubles and perplexities. Yalliant, dnahing, splendid at moments, and then despondent, bitter, cynical and hopeless, sympathetic to sympathetic people in almost any mood, hut after all not of the stuff which makes strong men. Of course we are not talking of idoally per fect poets here. Tho great poet is a man who looks on all things calmly and justly, who is as self- balanced as any cold philosopher or states man, and whose heart can yet glow over, nil the splendors of nature nud of human nature — a man of dynamic emotional power held under strict control. The poet must ho white-hot iu emotion and icy cold iu aclf-judgueut iu the same second of time, or he will achieve no perfect presentation of his own thought. No mnn of this calibre has ns.yet arisen in the new land. The main characteristic as yet is that which distinguishes the race ot smaller poets everywhere, an emotional dash, an emotional and sensuous rush of feeling uncon trolled for the most part by that strictly con temporary faculty of self-criticism which is one of the most necessary weapons in the urtist's armament. The root of tho mattor Is un doubtedly in the poets of Australia, but they grow tho flower from it too hurriedly. There are not many writors moro essentially poetical in temperament, for example, than Henry Kendall, but he wastes his strength on epithet, and sometimes exhibits a singular disregard for the dignity of his own verae. I am quite aware tbat if I send the reader to that poem of Ken dall's entitled ' On a Cattle Track " I am not sending him by any means to the best work of tho poet, but the lines contained there serve as UU apt UUlSCiauoil Ul uxy luo-iiuug. 4-uu wmci here, knows perfectly well what he wants to say, but misses it by pure hurry. You may spoil the moat geuetous wine in the world if you decant it in that way. Your priceless port or aged Burgundy is ruined if the dregs of the bottle are allowed to find their way into the glass. Where Keudall does control himself and takes care that the stream of inspiration runs clear he can be very line indeed. Take us an example au excerpt from his lines on the death of Marcus Clarke, who in the memorial volume of tho latter is spokeu of as hia frieud in heart and his brother iu geniu9. I omit the third verse from my quotation, nud the judicious friends of Kendall will thank me for it. It is only in that ouo verae that tbe stream of thought runs turbid. Tho night wind nobs on cliffs austere, Whoru gleam by flu tue wintry scur ; And lu the wild dumb woods I bear A iiutaulag ImiUor-bar. The brautth and loaf are vory still ; but uiuv the creat grave dark has grown, The torrent. iu tho harsh r'ulilU Scuds forth a deeper tone. Here, sitting by.a dying flame, I cannot chooso bnt think iu grief Of llurpur, whoso unhappy uamo Is us an untuum leaf. Aud doiued by purer nrcadths of blu<v Afar from fold of forest dark, I s e tho vyos that ouco 1 know, The eyni of M ireus Clarke. Their cleav bright beauty shines apace, Uut tunny dreams iu shadows eud,; The sods huyn hid the faded faco Of my heroic frieud. He sleeps whero winds of evonlug pass, Where w.uor sours are soft aud low; Upou bin grave the tender grass Jlus not had time to grow. Except for the unfortuuato word " apace " in tho last verse but one cited, which means absolutely nothing nncl is an insult to the rest of tho poem, it would not be easy to beat this little pnsaage for tenderness and delicacy of expression, except by a reference to the works of tho actual immortals. In its clas3 it is more thau good— it is excellent. But tho discerning reader cannot fail to see in that unhappy little word the crux of the whole question of poetical expression. Tho fame man who in prose will express himself with a guarded caution and exactitude, when allowed "to assail the blue empyrean of poetry with a loaded pen "—as au old friend of mine once put it— will he guilty of a hundred extravagances of diction, and as long as he finds his rhyme nnd metre accurate will bo content with almost anything. And this, though it seems an all but universal rule, is rather u pity, for in poetry more than iu prose— vastly more thau in prose— a perfect accuracy of expression, a complete fitness of souse to souud nnd of word to meaning U required. Tho best of verse is uo more thuti noble prose clarified aud set to music. I should bo loth to leave this study of Aus tralian verse, necessarily incomplete as its limits make it, without citing in full what strikes uio as the most essentially poetic verses I have found in the Australian anthology. There arc but. twenty lines, and though there are few of my readers bore who aro likely to bo unacquainted with them, nobody, I fancy, will blame me for reprinting them. They express no great thought, impulse or amotion, but they exhale au odor of their own. The writer has felt a voguouueortttiu chann— oneof thosofugitlvound passing sentiments of the soul with which every seusitive mau and wornau is familiar— and has for once succeeded in catch\ng the tricksy sprite of fancy, or rather of sensation. The verses are Mr. Holdsvrorth's and their title is "My Queen of Dreams," They do not mean much, but then thoy were not intended to mean much. The aunray which falls across your path in scented pine woods is charged with do especial message to your mind, though it may carry one to something which lies behind the mind. The scent of a rose or the song 6f a bird, or the breath of an evening breeze, or the last lines of fading color in a sunset cloud mean notbiug In tho logical and instructive way, but have their finer meanings all the e&me.; In tho warm flushed heart of the rose-red west When tho ureal suit quivered and died to-day You pulsed, O star, by you pine-clad crest— Aud throbbed till the bright eve ashened gray— Whcii 1 saw you swim By tho shadowy rim Where the grey gum dips to the western plain. Aud you raved delight As you winged your flight To the mystic spheres whero your kinsmen reign I Oh star, illd you sco her ? My queen of dreams Was it you that glimmered the night \vc strayed A mouth ago by theso scented streams ? Jialf-ehucked by tho ittar the mu.k-buds made ? Did yon Bleep or wuko ? Ah, for lore's sweet sake (Though tho world should fall aud tbo soft 6tars wuuc I) I shall dream delight TUl our souls take flight To tho mystic spheres whero your, kinsmen reign. I have already said my say about Australian fiction. And although day by day and hour by hour voices reach mo which are not audible to Euglish cars across the sea, I have to confess that I do not hear any dis tinctive note, beyond tboae I have already signalled. The conditions of literature ou this side of tho world ate, and for many a year must be, unfavorable, The Jaws of supply and demand rule inexorably even those children of fancy who write novels and poems in the way of business, Tho great newspapers out here cau offer to the wide circle of their readers the uwaw uui .» ui Hviii'r i-juynau inuaa, aim ai- present the only publishing centre is to be found iu Loudon, The Australiau man or woman of genius who would find a market must find it there. In long years to conie it may be and must be otherwise. I should never have touched this theme at all if I had not seen one patent fact staring uc in the face from the beginning. The future of Australian letters to my mind is clear. I pointed out a week ago that American writers of fiction seek au old-world background for their stories. Their propinquity to Europe eucouragos them to work in that direction, bat here we are half the diameter of the world away and in spite of the increasing facilities of communication the Australian writer will recognise a wholesome compulsion to hvo amongst his own people. His very distance from the rest of the world will help to keep him in touch with the affairs that lie at his own doorstep. "That is best which licth nearest." There are social problems to be solved here, there are political problems, as exigent as any the old world has known. Tbcro are considerations which hare long pressed upon us at borne which though as yet they only dimly mcnncc tbe Australian future, will hare to be faced iu time. It is bcyoud dispute that some change, what- ver it may prove to be, will take place in the national character. Your novelists and poets will analyse tho changes us they come. Your literature by the very force of your distanco from the old world sources of inspiration will become more and more charac teristic of your own condi tious, and in the realms of fiction nnd of art at least the cry of Australia for the Australians must be satisfied. I do not scruple to say that nowhere else in the English- speaking world are local influences working &o; rapidly upon the English character as they are here. It will be loug before the influence of the Europeau model ceases to make its impress felt. And, since I for one believe that here is no model purer nnd more majes tic in the world, I pray that it may be long indeed. But nobody who looks thoughtfully nt the literature of Australia can fail to notice that its authors choose to treat of the themes they know; that they handle, whether enforcedly or by preference, the characters and the scenes that lie actually about them. That fact alone is prophetic of a literature distinctly local. We speak for tho moment of a 44 local', characteristic as applied to 3 con tinent us big as Europe, or thereabouts, nnd the . most daring mau caunot venture to prophesy for more than the immediate future. I remember tbat I once asked my dear aud now departed friend, Richard Proctor, for what period of years astronomers supposed the world would be habitable for the races of men wbo now exist upon it. By way of au approximate estimate he unswered that we had some fifty or sixty million years in all probability before us. Tbat will last more than our time, and there are changes beyond, of which the most inspired intelligence dare not eveu dream, lu the meantime, it is comforting to a man who loves his couutry and believes in it, to think that the latest of her offshoots, one day perhaps to be the greatest, is following the noblest of tbe arts in the spirit of the uiother-land, keeping it clean and whole some and honest aud English, even while it diverges into uew and local forms. 