ROCKHAMPTON. TÜESDAY, MARCH 5. 1669 THE NEW SOOTH WALES CRISIS. The general election which has just been concluded in New South Wales is, in its result, thoroughly unsatisfactory to both political parties, and must be regarded as still more unsatisfactory when the interests of the colony are taken into consideration. Both sides claim the victory, and both sides claim it with equal reason, because if the powers that be have " possession" on their side, and an answer to their appeal to the country which is quite as hearty as they could have expected it to be, the other side have a numerical majority in the Assembly, which they do not hesitate to say they will use-in the first place to oust the Ministry, or in the next to prevent any progress with public business. The deadlock, in fact, remains as before, and unless some of the forty new members whom the electors have sent to the Parliament declare for sound common sense, and relinquishing of objectless squabbling in favour of a practical desire for the public welfare, all we can expect to see is a renewal of the discreditable scenes of past sessions, wranglings, back-bitings, innumerable, a further dragging of the honour and fair fame of the colony through the mire, and, in the end, when the country is sick and the politicians are themselves thoroughly disheartened, another dis- solution and another general election. With BO many of the old obstructionists ODce more returned to power, either Ministerial or individual, there will be unless the new element pervades the situation to a large ex tent-little to hope for but further embroilment. It will be Parkes v. DibbB from the moment the Assembly meets. One or the other must be first, and the country last, or but an appendage to the victorious chariot wheels of the one who proves the con- queror, if either of them does so. It is a melancholy thing to say, but so far as parliamentary Government in New South Wales is concerned, its result of late years has been absolute failure and otter inability to conduct the busi- ness of the colony in a proper manner. Legislation is at a standstill, and the internal dissensions which are so un- happily prevalent are threatening to be spread to the colony's intercourse with its neighbours, sometimes hy the con- temptuous indifference which is shown by her leading politicians, sometimes by their direct opposition, and sometimes,' as in the case of the Austral-Canadian Conference proposals, by the querulous and fastidious bypercriticism and ultra feminine touchiness they display about the way they, their pretensions, and what they think che colony is entitled ' to, are treated by those with whom they are negotiating. Even the Estimates for 1888 have not yet been dealt with, and altogether the financial position is just about as bad as it could be. It has been said that Mr. Dili'is had no right to take office at all, but it is difficult to see what other course tic could have pursued under the circum- stances. As for Sir Henry Parkes, his position seerDB to partake a good deal of that of the dog in tbe manger ; he would ¡ sot keep office himself, but he cannot stand anyone else doing so. He broke op his party 5n the most high-banded way a few weeks since, and in a most I petulant manner put the country to the trouble and expense of a general j election, all because he was himself dis- pleased at the conduct of some of his own followers, in the old Assembly he had a two-thirds majority on the free-trade side. In the present House he has no such thiDg. He has only a bare majority, and although-" swear- ing he would ne'er consent "-he has , consented to again take the lead of the [ party, it is not easy to see how he can I justify the obstruction which he himself so strongly deprecated only a few days since. Surely it must be acknowledged that, as in a House of 137 members, I there are seventy-one Freetraders and sixty-six Protectionists, the latter have j in a very great measure improved their position, and so far as the other side is concerned, if Sir Henry could not carry on the business with his former large I following, how can be expect to do it with neb a dimmish ed force. Anotber dissolution is talked of, but ia-the face of present events the only resulf that could be expected from anothbr auch, test would be an even greater majority for the Protectionists. It should not be forgotten, in gauging the Teal wean- ing of the last election and its result» that the constituencies which' Toted ita. favour of, and returned, Free Trade members, were in the ma^,those constituencies in the metropo^jn dis- tricts, including Central Cumberland and Parramatta ; while the gains to the Protectionist cause were obtained in the agricultural and pastoral districts of the south and west, where two very strong, influences are in opération. It is-t*"ere that the antagonism with Victoria, Ind the selfishness of the sister colony, have been felt in all their virulence, and it. was the desire for retaliation which led to the voting going as it did, quite as. much as any suddenly conceived and : general opinion that Protection is a policy that Kew South Wales should at once adopt. The recent .agitation in Victoria in favour of increased-border duties will not have tended to allay the desire for reprisal, and in this way the Protectionist feeling would spread, and the Protectionist majority would in- crease. The other potent factor in the Protectionist gain in public favour was. the acknowledged fact tbat not only must the present considerable deficit be dealt with, but that the ordinary revenue of the colony must be increased' if the expenditure is ever to meet yearly requirements. They, or more particularly the large landholders, fear tbat this additional revenue may be- sought from the land, which would be very distasteful to them. They would, rather share the burden with the artisan or the working classes, and SQ. they prefer the Customs Department to. supply the money rather than them- selves. Both these influences would be intensified at another election, and so the position of Sir Henry Parkes and bis followers would not be improved one whit, but rather deteriorated.,, The at- tack Sir Henry has made on the Govern- ment is very puerile. That they went to the country without getting Supply, and their recent appointments to the Legislative Council are the principal, charges he makes against Ministers, but neither of these should be strong enough, to withdraw the cou6denceof members, from them. The first was Sir Henry's, own fault. The second apparently is a fault at all only in the opinion of a few people, and public opinion generally is. apparently very much divided upon it. As to abandoning the policy with which, they went to the country, they cannot fairly be accused of that yet. They wisely choose finance first-that is all.. The session of the present year cannot be long deferred, and then the fiscal hattie can be fought out to the bitter end. After all, the question to be decided: is more one of expediency than of prin- ciple. If, as Sir Henry Parkes says,, the people of New South Wales have not chosen Sir. Dibbs, neither did they choose Sir Henry as the leader of the Free Trade party. It was subsequent. to the general elefr"-"n that he was. chosen so reiuctanttW^o fi ii the posi- tion. Even this tsf5however, beside the question. The point to be decided is what to do at the present juncture,, and, however, much the dislike «nd dis- trust in Mr. Dibbs himself may have spread since fae last left office, some re- gard should be had to the influence which the capable lot of colleagues he has gathered round him must have upon the Cabinet discussions. Their proposai^ as contained in the Governor's speech, are fair ones. They waive the tariff changes for the present, and ask the House to confine itself to providing for the public service and for such other urgent matters as may require immediate atten- tion, including certain works, recom- mended by the Public Works Committee,, which are expected to absorb the tvurplug labour as well as give the country per- manent value. The shelving* of tbe deficit may perhaps be well lef t to next session, when, if a revenue- tariff is accepted, somewhat on ¿he basÎB of our own, the deficit need not be shelved at all, but by united effort':will soon be-. wiped out, The matter is to be decided). ia the Assembly tc^ay?J^Bjd we fancy the colony's well-wishers. ,wîl) wish that, the Ministry may be allowed to carry on. The position is a most ?ttlrfortunate one, but it is rio good a&fiBff; tow about who is responsible foi' 'ft.-'; "What is. wanted is io nn3 a wayTHlt7)f it,evea it it is only a temporary one, and that it seems to us will best beacliieved by giving: Mr. Dibbs the chance he asks for ot putting things shipshape^ The Fourth of ll «rob ie .» 'greet day io. Washington, and indeed in the Tjkiîed States generally, for it is upon 'tha(rday the Presi- dent elect takeB up bis residence at the White Mouse, Yesterday Mr. Benjamin.. Harrison entered formally upon bis term of office, to which he was elected fast year, and with bim the Republican party return tc. power, displacing the Democrat General Clevelsnd, whom he defeated in the Presi- dential contest hy a large majority. The new President cornea of good stock. He is a great grandson of Benjamin Harrison, one of the signers of the declaration of the American. Independence, anet a grandson of General W. B. Harrison, who was elected President of tbe Umtfd Stat KB in 1840. Educ ''ul as a lawyer, lie has practised in the i. o 'to with approval uud aa a mombtr of tho ÖFnate he commanded great respect by his force of in- tellect, unobtrusiveness, and debating power. His return WA» & counterblast to the mani fcBto which Mr Cleveland iseued to Congress in December, I8S7, in favour of a reduction of a comprehensive nature in the tariff. Tbe Democratic pat ty, though disunited on many minor points, were one upon this. They agreed in the advjMjbleness of tariff re- duction, but agreefMHso to avoid making it an issue before the country, but Mr.. Cleveland forced their hand, with the result that Mr. Harrison's majority was so large as to astonish even his own friends. The new Government are pledged to maintain the existing protective tariff In all ite integrity ; so that the desires of the advocates of the removal of the duty off Australian wool will not be satisfied at present.. The new Presi- dent's tenn of office ls likely to be a memor- able one. Little by little the citizens asoV Government of the United States are being; farced to move very ecmsideriMy beyond tho isolation which would be the outcome of itrtct conformity to the Munroe doctrine, »nd the probabilities are that ere General Hamann quita the White House, there will be great «bange* io the attitude of this country towards the rest of the civilised world. Her relations with Canada may be completely re- volutionized by a uniformity of tariff, eves if the contemplated financial and territorial union is not brought about. The Berlin Con- ference os the Samoan question may or may not eettle the difficulties of the situation in these f¿¡ «them seas, and avoid the threatened war wKP Germany. The Fisheries question may be settled and unpleasantness with England averted, and France may still de- cline to support M. de Lesseps and bis unfor- tunate dupes lu their incursions into the territory of Panama. The Chinese Premier too, may not insist on the unfriendly attitude sej-ch be recently threatened as retaliation fen^reoejot American Legislation, AU these, auÇf rjnany other looal subjects, require to be dealt with by the new Government, who have in them a legacy which was no doubt fully re- cognised in the speeches, and otber proceed- ings of yesterday. Mr. J. B. Henderson, Gdfermment Hy- draulic Engineer, bas been (appoi&ted; a life member of the Institution of\M>cnanical l£n gioeera and Shipbuilders of Sootland. When the mall left England theVGovern tnent Emigration lecturer,/ Mr. I George Baadall, was lecturing in Warwickshire on the advantages of Queensland ànrnome. Perry's Circus Company performed again last evening. The varied programme proved very enjoyable, and the clever feats of the aiders, tumblers, and other prominent mem- bers of the company were heartily applauded. The weather here yesterday waa very hot, ranging between 90* and 100°. The official telegrams received at 9 a.m. showed OOo in. of rain had fallen at Alpha, aqd tbat there bad been thunderstorms at Emerald and Pine Bill. Travellers inform us that the country all along the coast just now is in a splendid condition-grass and water being in abundant supply, and stock are once more getting into « condition fit for the market. A general meeting of the Early Closing Association waa held last evening ip the dining iwom of the On Stanley .On Hotel, and there «aa a fair attendance. T;he ^usinese trans- acted was mostly of a fiirkncial character. The funds of the AstocisMonVre rather at a low ebb at present, but such \teps were de- cided on in the room as wilt'- obviate any difficulties. At an carly date, too, it is pro- bable that steps will be taken to place the Association on a different, and possibly more popular footiug. The followiog probates and letters of ad- ministration have been granted eince 15th January :- Probates : JolBph Charles, of Gracemere, gardener,£)97,ko W. H. Charles, of Gracemere, gardeneT>^bward Davies, of Rockhampton, etorekeeperfsBU, to Mary Davies, widow, Wm. I ait Jeettler? and Wm. Tait, jun., assistant storekeeper, all of Rock- hampton ; Honorie Ryan, of Greendale, near Rockhampton, widow, £800, to Charles Dal- lon, of Greendale, grazier. Administration : Peter Glackin, of Ulau, near Kockbamptun, grazier, to Mary filackin, of Rockhampton, widow ; Henry Wedge, of Douglas Pounds Hotel, near Blackall, £228, to Arthur W. Chambers, of Brisbane, solicitor. The Minister for Lands has received from Mr. A. Donaldson, superintendent of the rabbit fenoe, the reports for the month of January of the overseers of the rabbit destruc- tion psrties receiving Government assistance. From these it appears that at Boorara station, north of Hungerford, two rabbits «ere killed during the month. Appearances seemed to indicate that the rabbits at one time had been very numerous at the place where the party camped, but they have disappeared. The over- seer is nowy moving bis camp near the rabbit fenceajLlt Currawinyj station six full grown rabtftwtwers killed,] Water is very .caree in the neighbourhocH, and the party bave to carry it from a great distance and ride a long way to set the fraps. The over- seer visited all plaoes at nbich traces of rabbits had been noticed, but he found no fresh traces. At Caiwaroo twenty-one rab- bits were caught. Among these there was not a single young one, and there were no signs of tbe does breeding. The Minister for lands has also received a letter from the Balloo Marsupial Board, in which it ¡B stated that 230 rabbits were destroyed io 1888 on Norley, Thargomindah, Bulloo Downs, and Orient stations. There are six destruction parties employed, and the reports received from them are to the effect tuft the rabbits sra not increasing in uurnbejf Most of the rabbits were killed in the Polygonlum Swamp on Bulloo Downs. A conference of representatives of the Rock- hampton and North Rockhampton Councils, was held yesterday to consider the matter of charging fees to vebioles plying for faire in the two munfoipalities. There were present : Aldermen Foulkee, Morgan, and M'Pheraon, xepresetiUog tbs Rockhampton Couoail j and ^A Ide rm en Face and Thompson, representing Ute North Rockhampton Council^ It will be recollected the Councils agreed,fomemonths «go, Wat owners or driven of vesicles residing at Rockhampton, and plyingforlares ob either tide of the riverVebould fay a license fee only to the RockoVnptonfcouootl, while ' those résident on the nOKth ame ot the river should contribute only toSub North Rock , hampton Council. Thia understanding tras .. .lately departed from toy the latter body, and . , cabbies nave been called on to pay ' fees to '.', jipth Councils. Naturally they bave objected "" 'jo this, apd the conference held yesterday which Was instigated by the Rookhatnpton aldermen-wa« to decide whether some better rh arrangement than that now erietiog could not be brought about. Tt was agreed yester- day to recommend that fees be collected only by the Rockhampton Counofl, and that the mopey derived therefrom be divided every «bc months-each Connell receiving pro rata ', accordiog to the annual rateable valuable of sta property. Under such a system aa this the rockhampton Council will receive about four fifths of the reveuue. An extraordinary general meeting of share- holders in the Elite Skating Bink Company was held last evening in the dining-room of the On Stanley On Hotel. Fifteen attended, and Mr. F. A, Morgan, chairman of directors, presided. The notice convening the mectiug, and also the minutes of the last meeting, « ere read j and on the motion of Mr. Charles M'Veigh and Mr. Wiseman, the following pro- position was carried without dissent:-" That «he company be wouod up voluntarily under the provisions of the Companies' Act of \ 1663. The Chairagan «aid another meeting Jr would have to be held to confirm thin v decision, of which fouresen days' notice would be «ivan. Mr. A. Fronaus said bc bad nn doubt the directors Jiad acted on ihe advice «f the company's solicitor ut. calling this meeting, but that gentleman *>&B; not infal- lible. He had taken thc opinion of other legal gentlemen, apd they stated the new directors-those appointed at the meeting convened by the speaker and other»-were the people in power. That beiog i-o. he held that that nigr.«Drocecdinga were illegal, and that if be liEeoTw could obtain an injunction from the 8upreme Court to prevent effect htiug .given to it. At the same time he did not object to liquidating, and did uot intend to take any action on the law nf the matter. "3 he Chairman said the directors bad bad the best advice, and were cootent to stand on it. If Mr. Collins wanted to run lire company Into more debt he was at liberty to do so, but ba would like to tell him sufficient had been lo burred already, and that shares would sot pay atore than' 9s. to the £. If be wanted to go 'to' law he could do so, hut be would .lad be had'tome queer oustomers to deal I with. Mr. Gollies replied that the Chairman had misunderstood him. He did not propose to go to law, bat he should ¡lite to ssy that when the full facts were placed before the Court it would refute to liquidate the com- pany's affairs. Altera few further remarks I the meeting terminated. I Inspector Morrisset is in receipt of a tele ! gram from Senior Constable Hugh Glackin, of Banana, announcing the arrest there of a young girl on a charge of concealing the birth of ber illegitimate mali child, which waa born on the 24th ultimo, ¿the body of the infant was found yesterdarmprsing by the police, buried in a garden'adjoining the prisoner's residence. It was in a very decomposed state, and there being no medical man on the spot, it is impossible to tell whether it was born alive or not. Inspector Morrisset requests us to withhold the name of the accused, as there may be a doubt as to whether she is the mother of the babe. Up till the present the Police Magistrate, Mr. Lukin, l as not reoeived any intimation when he is to leave for Maryborough. A message from the Colonial Secretary's office Bays he is to hold himself in readiness to pro- ceed there " at once ;" but that may mean this week, or next, or perhaps a month hence, ile has wired for. information on that point, and also asked for a week's leave of absence to enable bim to arrange his affairs. Mr. Lukin has requested M'as informed as to the reasons for his removal} sud has been notified that they will be communicated by letter. 8everal gentlemen, appointed for the purpose at Saturday's meeting, made an acti ve canvass of the town on Monday for subscrip- tions, and a goodly sum was collected and pro- mised. A general meeting of the members of the Naval Brigade Band will be held at the Drill shed this evening, to receive a statement of acconnts. The monthly meeting of the Gogango Divisional Board will be held to day. There is a good deal of business to be transacted, including the appointment of chairman and officers for the year, &o.; " Hui" ¡ti the Cairos Chronicle states that recent events prove the distinguishing characteristics ot the principal towns in Queensland to be :-Brisbane : a city famed for "Kin, Smells and Selfishness." Mary- borough : remarkable for " Kin, Saw-mills and Salvationists." Bundaberg : noticeable for "bin, Solvency and Solidity." Rock- hampton: "810, Sweat and Sorrow." Mac- kay: "Sin, Sleep and Sugar." Bowen: "«in, Scares and Simplicity. Townsville: "Sin, Syndicates and Stinks." Port Douglas : " Sin, Swamps and Separation." Cooktown : " Sin, Stones and Shipping." Normanton: " Sin, Kells and Savages." And last, but by no means least, Cairus : " Sin, Sand and Soandal." *'KoDOB ON ITCH"-"Rough on Itch' cures skin humours, eruptions, ring worm; tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch_AUVT. "ROUGH ON PILES "-Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaran- teed. Ask for "Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles.-ADVT. At a meeting of the Carnarvon CaBtlc Amalgamated Gold Mining Cumpauy in Bris- bane last week the chairman, Mr. C. W. Midson, made a present on behalf of thu share- holders in the company resident at Black- fellows (iully to Captain D. G Stewart. Tuc article Captain Stewart was asked to accept was a very handsome maltese cross set willi diamonds. On the obverse of the trinket is Captain Stewart's monogram, and on the reverse an inscription. The cross' was made by Mr. W. J. Edgar, of Rockhampton, from gold obtained in the Central district. Apropos of the volume of thc " Prince of WaleB's Speeches," published by Mr. John Murray to day, is it permissible (asks a corre- spondent of the Pall Mall Gazette) to wonder -in the very lowest whisper-whether the Prince keeps a " ghost ?" Every statesman (who can afford it) includes this useful ad- junct in his household ; and most of " the admirable speeches made by Mr. So and So yesterday " were written the day belore by Mr, So and So'e private secretary. Of course these little domestic details are not generally talked about. The only persons who make no secrecy about their ghosts are American millionaires, one of whom in coming over to England and advertising once for a private secretary, stated that the chief duties of the post would be to issue all bis invitations and to write all his speeches. Perhaps thc Prince of Wales ¡B industrious enough to dispense with such aid. But, at any rate, he does not expect his son to do so. Prince Albert Victor's ghost was for some time the accomplished Canon Dalton ; and I remember once being shown a quarto sheet of paper on which The worthy tutor bad written out the terms not only of the speech-in-chief, but even of such formalities as, " Ladies and gentlemen, I thank you very heartily for the kind way in which you have received me." Mr. Alexander Brace, the Chief Inspector of Stock for New South Wales, paid a visit last week to Brisbane for the purpose of watching the progress of the experiments now being conducted by Dr. Oermont and M. Loir, with a view to the preservation or culti vation of the virus of pleuro-paeumonia. The Observer says that the experiments have been of a twofold nature. On the one hand they have been oondneted with a view to keeping up a supply of pure virus, cultivated through a living animal ; and on the other hand the ecieutiets have directed careful study and observation.to the probability of discovering the microbe of pleuro-pneumonia. The latter oan only be demonstrated after long and care- fully conducted experimenta and observation, and no doubt the ocientiits will in due course report results. Meantime Mr. Bruce was firmly convinced from what he saw-and his opinion is shared by our own chief inspector -that Dr. Germent and M. Loir have solved the ptoblem as to how to keep up a constant supply of pure and thoroughly effective virus. In their presence ' Dr. Gernont dissected a calf of about twelve months old that had been inoculated with a minute quantity of virus which bsd been passed through two successive animals, and the supply of virus from that calf was suffioleut to inoculate from 2000 to 3000 cattle, even by the ordinary rough-and-ready method -the use of needle and thread. As the experiments have not yet been completed, it would be premature to speculate as to the best means to be adopted for keeping up a constant supply of virus by the method adopted by the scientist, but meantime both Mr. Brace and Mr. Gordon are satisfied that this can be done by a methotl so simple that failure will be reduced to the smallest minimum. Of course, if it is discovered -that the disease is caiiBed hy a special microbe, there will be little dilficulty -judging from Pasteur's experience in other mtorobee-in culrjvationgthe virusquite apart from the living subjects. 