The Influence of the Parental Character. [By Rev. Eioicaud' Cecil.] [The Eev. Hichard Cecil had in his day a deservedly high ; reputation ' as a preacher. His works wore published in throe 8to. volumes, and his 'lte- I mains,' a series of: short essays and ' of remarks made in conversation or in letters, were published shortly after his death by his friond tho Eov. Josiah Pratt. Mr Cecil was born in London, : JNovombor 8, 174,8, of pious parents, and the extract wo givo from his ' Ee mains ' contains somo interesting per sonal allusions. Somo time after he had entered tho church and was ordained, ho became minister of St. John's Chapel, Bedford-row, London. In 1800 ho was presented to the livings of Bislo and Chobhum- in Surrey, and ho died in 1810.] - The influence of the parental .character on .children is not to be ? calculated. Everything around has an influonco on us. Indeed, the influence of things is so great, that, by familiarity with thorn, liey insensibly urgo us on principles and feelings which we hefore abhorred. I knew a man who took in a domocratical paper, only to laugh at it. But, at length, ho had read tho samo things again and again, so often; that ho began to 'think thore must bo somo truth in thorn j and that men' and measures woro really such as: they woro so often said to be. A drop. of water seems to hayo no influence on the stone j but it will, in the end,! wear its way through, If thorp be,: therefore, such a mighty influcrico .in' everything around us, tho parental influ ence must bo groat indeed. ? i Consistency is tho great character, in good parents, which impresses children; They may witness ' much temper; but if they seo their father ''keep the oven tonor of his way,' his imperfections will bo understood and allowed for as renson opens. Tho child willsee and reflect on his parent's intention : and this will hayo great influence on his mind. This influ onco may, indeed, bo afterwards counter acted ; but that only proves that contrary currents may arise, and carry the child anolhor way. Old Adam may bo too strong for young Melancthon. . ; . Tho implantation of principles is of un speakable importance, especially whon called from time to time out of tho Bible. The child feels his parent's authority, supported by tin.1 Biblo, and tho author ity of tho Biblo supported by his parent's weight, mid influence. Hero are data— fixed data. A man can very-seldom get rid of those principles.; ' They sland in his way. Ho wishes to forget thorn, per haps, but it is impossible. ? Where parental influence docs not con vert, it hampers. It hangs on the wheels of ' eY.il.' . ' I had a ' pious mother who dropped things in my way. I could never rid mynelf of thorn. I was a pro fessed infidel : but then. I liked to bo an infidel in company, rather than when alone. I was .wretched when by myself. These principles, and maxims, and data spoiled my jollity. With my companions I could sometimes stifle them : hkb embers, wo kept one another warm. Bo sides, I was hero a sort of hero. ' I had beguiled several of my; associates into my own- opinions, and I had to maintain .! a character before them. But I could not divest' myself of my. hotter principles. I went with : one of my companions to see tho 'Minor.' Ho could laugh heartily at Mother Colo— I could not. He saw in her the. picture of all who talked about religion— I knew better. The ridiculo on regeneration was high, sport to him — to mo, it^was none: it could not move my features. :_ Ho know no difl'erenco botwcoii regeneration and trausubstantiation — I did. I know there was suoh a thing. I was afraid and ashainod to laugh at it. Parental influence thus cleaves to a man : it harassos him — it throws itself con tinually in his way. I find in myself another evidonco of tho greatness of parental influence. I detect myself to this day in laying down maxims in niy family, which I took up at threo or four years of age, before I could possibly, know the reason of the thing. . , ?' ?'. \; ? ' '? .-: ? -; It is of incalculable importance to ob tain a Hold on the conscience. Childron have a conscienco ; and it is not scared, though it is evil. Bringing tho eternal world into their viow— planning and act ing with that world before us— this gains/ at length; such a hold on them, that, with all the infldol poison which they may afterward imbibe, thcro aro fow childron, who at . night— in their ehambor — in tho dark— in a storm of thunder— will not feol. Thoy cannot cheat like other men. Thoy recollect that etkbnitv which stands in their way. It rises up before them, like tho ghost of Banquo to Mao both. It goads them : it thunders in their ears. After all they are obliged to compound the matter with conscience, if thoy cannot bo prevailed on to return to God without delay; — I siust bo religious one time or other. That is clear, I can not get rid of this thing. Well ! I will hegin at such a time. I will finish such a scheme, and thon ! The opinions — tho spirit — tho conversa tion — tho manners of. the parent, influ ence the child. Whatever sort of man he is, such, in a great degree, will be the ohild ; .unless constitution or accident give him another turn. If tho parent is a fantastic man — if he is a genealogist, knows nothing but who married such an ono, and who married such an one— if ho is a sensualist, a low wrotch — his chil dren will usually eateh those tastes. If ho is a literary man — his very girls will talk learnedly. If he is a griping, hard, miserly man — such will bo his children. This I speak of as oejjeiully tho enso. It may happen that tho paront's dis position may have no ground to work on m that of the child. It may happen that the child may bo driven into disgust : tho miser, for instance, often implants dis gust, and. his son becomes a spendthrift. After all, in somo cases, perhaps, every thing scorns to havo been done and. cxhi-. bited by the pious paront in vain. Tot ho casts his bread upon the waters'. And, perhaps, after ho has been in his grave twenty years, his son remembers what his father told him. Besides, parental influonco must bo great, because God has said that it shall bo so. The parent is not to stand reason ing and calculating, God has said that his charaoter shall have influence. And .this appointment of Providenco becomes often the punishment of a wicked man.' Such a man is a complete selimst. I am weary of hearing such men talk about their 'family' ? and their ' family ' — they 'must provido for 11 their family.' Their family has no place in their dbai hesabd. They push for thomselves. But God says—' No ! You think your children shall bo so and so. But thoy shall bo rods for your own backs. They shall bo your curse. Thoy shall riso up against you.' The most common of all human complaints is — parents groaning under the vices of their children;! This is all tho effect of parental influonco. In tho exercise of this influenco' there aro two leading dangers to be avoided. Excess of SEVBEITT is one danger. My mother, on the contrary, woula talk to ? . — ^_, . | mo, and weep as sho talked. IfhmTo^ 1 ot tho houso with an path— but wonrZ! I whon I got into tho street. Sympathy^ 1 tho powerful engino of a mother I Lz I desperate :.I would go on board a priva! I toer; But thoro are soft-moments to surl I desperadoes.., God. does' noty 'at - one? I abandon .them to themselves. Thoro aVn I ,times;w.hen:the man.'says— V,Ii,sj1011ij j: I glad to return : but I should not like t« I meet that face !' if he has' been treated I with severity. I _ Yet excess of laxity is another danger I Tkocaso of Eli affords, a serious waniinir I on this subjoot. Instead 'of ..his mild ex I nostulatipn on the 'flagrant wielr cdness of I his . sons—May,, my sons, it in „„ good report that I hear— ho ought to havo oxor I cised his authority as a paront and mains I trato in punishing and restraining their crimes. :: . , 