MARY HOWITT. If tho old association of Mary Howitt's name with books intended for tho "improvement of the young" should frighten the world away from this autobiography, tho reading public will suffer a real loss. Tho record of hor life has, in truth, nothing in common with The Drawiny- room Scrap Book , or The Children's Year . It is simply one of tho most charming studies of still lifo that lias appeared for a long time. The first volume, which deals with tho history of tho writer's family, and of the Quaker society in which she was brought up during the earlier years of tho century, has a special fas cination. The family lifo of tho Friends, and the quiet dignity of their households, havo often been minutely described before, but never with more insight or with a greator power of realism. Nothing is kopt baok whioli could add to tho truth of the pioturc, and alongside tho gentle ness and goodness of tho Quakers wo are shown that intcllcotu&l; sloth which, dur ing tho times in which they maintained their full rigidity and oxolusiveness, bo often ovcroimo them. Mary Howitt, bom in 1799, was sprung from a family of well-to-do yeomen. It is a curious link with tho past that sho could remember as a child hearing her undo James relato how, during tho Jacobite rising of 1745, ho saw tho Highlanders from Princo Charlie's Army, who had entered her grandfather's farmhouse in search of food, toast ing slices of cheese on their claymores at the kitchen fire. Tho manner in which Mary's father, Samuel Botbam, a surveyor by profes sion, and a member of the Society of Friends mado the acquaintance of his future wife characteristic as it is of tho old Quaker form ality, i'b worth quoting : — "When engaged, m 1795, on Lord Talbot's estato at Margam ho attended the First Day Meeting of Friends at Neath, and met at the hospitable table of Evan Roes Ann Wood a convinced Friend, on a visit to Evan's wife Eliza beth. Thoy saw each other frequently, and became well acquainted. On ono occasion at dinner, sho suddenly learnt his regard' for her by tho peculiar manner in which ho asked, 'Wilt thou tako some nuts, Ann Wood?' She took them, saying, 'I am very fond of nuts.' 'That is extraordinary,' he re- plied, 'for so ami.' There was in those parts an aged ministering Friend of so saintly a chdractcrastobc regarded in tho lightof a prophet. Ono Firstdny morning, after they had both been present at meeting, this minister drew her nside and said, 'If Samuel Botbam makes thee an offer of marriago thou must by no means refuse him."' Tho picture which is created for us by the account of tho life led in tho little town of Uttoxetcr by the Botbam family and the friends with whom they associated, though it cannot be reproduced here, is singularly attractive. Though prudent and painstaking in business, Mary Howitt's relations wore spiriluclc enough to be often influenced by droams and visions, and throughout their lives ran a strange vein of unreality. Religious disoussion, though tbey lived only for religion, was never tolerated, and the aim of existence " was to preserve the soul in passivity tor the Divine inward revelation, which was not to bo subjected to the natural reason of man." In spite, however, of this per sistent and calculated spiritual suppression, Mary's literary instincts could not bo kept down, aud such was her love of poetry that she composed verses almost before she could write. After her marriage with William Howitt, him self a Friend, and soon to dovclop into a popu lar author, tho writer of tho present auto biography was able to allow her mental aspi rations full play. Very soon both husband and wifo shook off the Quakers' strictness, and though they did not actually leave the Society for many years to come, they began to enjoy the full blessings of intellectual emancipation. In the early years of their married life the Howitts resided for a time at Nottingham, and while there wore witnesses of the terriblo riots of the Reform Bill agitation. The burning oftlie castle, which for savagery can only bo compared to the scenes of the French Revolution, is thus de- cribed by Mr. Howitt in some notes incorporated by his wife with her autobiography : — "From the top of our house, which was flat and leaded, we had a full view of tho burning of Nottingham Castle, the property of tho Duke of Newcastle. Well do I remember the time. First in the dusk of the evening, the vast market place of six acres filled with one dense throng of people, their black heads looking like a sea of ink, for the whole living mass was sway ing and heaving in the commotion of fury seeking a vent. Suddenly there was a cry of ' To tho castle ! to the castle !' to which a fierce roar of applause was the ominous echo, and at once this heaving, raging ocean of agitated life became an impetuous, iieadiong torrent, struggling away towards Friar- lane, leading directly to the castle. Anon arose a diu of deafening yells and hurrahs from the wide castle court. The mob had scaled the walls. They surrounded the vast building as a stormy tide surges tumultously round an ocean rock. Anon and a red light gleamed through the different rooms in view, followed by the hoarse roar of the monster crowd without. The flames rapidly spread, filled the whole place with a deep fiery glow, mingled with clouds of smoke that burst from the win dows and streamed up roof wards, tipped with tongues of flame, hungry for the destruction of the wiiolo fabric. Through all this, even when firo seemed raging through tho whole building, there were seen figures as of black demons dancing, ns it were, in the very midst of tho flames in the upper rooms, whilst cries ns dread and demoniac were yelled forth from below. In fact, numbers of these incendiaries, made drunk with their success, were still drinking in the rooms, in delight over their rovol of destruction. When all access by the staircase was cut off, and only when driven by tho aggressive flames did thoy issue from the windows and descend by tlio projections of tho stonework, which, luckily for them, was of that stylo in which every stone stands prominent, leaving a sunken baud between it and its follow. Soon tho riotous, voracious flames burst through the roof, sending down torrents of melted lead, and_tohcavenlegionsofglitteringsparksandsmoko as from a volcano. The scene was magnificent, though saddened by regrot for tho destruction of a building which, though not antiquely pic turesque like its predecessors, was invested with many historical memories, and by its symmetry and its position on tho bold and lofty rock formed a fine featuro in tho landscape. It was a steadily rainy night, yet the wet seemed to possess no power over the raging mass of firo. Frequently parts of the roof or beams within fell with a louder thunder and sent up fresh volumes of smoke, dust and coruscating sparks. The rioters had torn down the wainscotings of cedar, piled them up in tho different rooms and fired them, and tho whole air was consequently filled with a peculiar aroma from the old cedar thus burning. In tho morn ing tho great fabric stood a skeleton of hollow doorways and windows, blackened walls and heaps of Btill smoulderiug and 6iuoking materials within." After the Quaker period of Mary Howitt's life is olosod, her autobiography, though it un doubtedly loses its speoial and peculiar interest, still contains much that is well worth reading. If wo mistako not, tho following is not tho only appearance of ICcats's love, Fanny Brown, in biographical Uteraturo : — 44 Do you know that tho wife of our surgeon hero, Mrs. Noville, is an old friend of John Koats? I believe I might say an old flame. Many of his verses were addressed to her ; and a very lovely young woman she was, I doubt not She sent us the other day three sketches of him to look at— one of them in youth and health : one lying in his berth reading while passing through tho Bay of Biscay on his way to Italy ; and ouo as ho lay with his head on tho pillow just boforo death. Thoy wero done by Mr. Sevorn, tho young artist who went to Italy with him, and aro very interesting." Authentic anecdotes of Keats aro so rare, and thorcforo so valuable, that wo noed mako no apology for quoting another 'Irifty years ago tho Roman eating liousos wero much worso than now. Dear Keats and I had such wretched dinnors sent in that lie told mo quo morning 1 he had hit on a plan for us to bo bettor served.' I wondered what ho meant to do, for I know no Italian in t.ioso days, and Keats, though quiok at learning, not enough to discuss tho mcnU of a dinner. The trattore brought tho food, as usual, in a basket. Keats lifted tho lid, and perceiving at a glatico tho quality of tho fare, without a word took each disli to tho window and emptied it into the street. Tho cook nover charged us for tho dinnor, and gave us a good ono over after. I did not forgot that lesson. After, poor, gontlo, vivacious Koats was dead of his consumption, our padrone, fearing infection, burnt tho furniture, for which ho sent me in a tremendous bill. Aftorit had been discharged, ho summoued mo a month lator to pay for tho broken crookory. On going to tho houso where wo had dwelt, at tho right hand cornor of tho Spanish steps ascending to the irimta uo Monte, ho showed xuo on a tablo a piio of broken plates, oups and saucers, which ho must havo ransacked tho neighborhood to coiieot. Feigning a groat rago, with ono foil swoop I dashed all tho bits to tho floor, and tho affair was settled." For some oonsiaorablo timo tho Howitts occu- pied a houso near Eshcr, and tho writor of tho Work wo aro reviewing was wont to wandorovor I tho Surrey commons in a won ono of theso occasions sho met with?30", » .i- tnro, which sho relates in a 1 J. ai! a,r<c-< : sidcrable grace of style The i Witl1 «:- great ladies inasquSfi, IT of «£>' J nlmosUhe feehng of cno ofWChfift with aayoTuignfriend0Bt!!ying wRh 1337.I : passed by the little rural hamlt of d Abcrnon, I was struck with two female figures at a little di tLe L suUt '' Ihcy were both young, tho one about ti SUi- sir.o, the other rather taller. The hu« $ dressed m a dark cotton bedgown l.li coat grey stockings nnd shoe! On was tied a yellow silk handkerchief „ lefe her hand she held a Ion" stout I,-, i w» recently cut from thc hed T !?J't had on also a short bed -own \ of a pink color, striped an5 r »I with white, a dark petticoat and ankle'P"i I On her head she wore an old straw hmiet ""a,! wo drew near, thoy came running up tHs Jri one on each sido or the pony chaise, be-an SI giug most importunately < Will y0l? ' sixpence ? Do give us sixpence f Do iZ gentleman, give us sixpence! Dear lady,' tell tho gentleman to give us sixpence? It was only necessary to cast a sliein glance at tho faces of these beg4r> £ to hoar one tone of their voices, to knm,-u .i it was a frolic, that they were ladies of c£ tion and family thus dressed up. Th-v had hair and eyes jet hlack as any gipsies S were handsomer than any gipsies I ever' saw Irresistible as such beggars might appear i resolved to refuse thcin, iu order to L)m they would keep up the attempt, and hi thoy would take a refusal. I therefore said, laughing, 'Oh, I kavo no £! pences for beggars liko you; you certaiclv arc very charming beggars ; you havo chosen I very rustic costume; you act your partverv well indeed, and I hopo you will enjoy your frolic. All tho time I kept driving on at a Rood pace, but tho resolute damsels still ran 0ft importuning for sixpence. One dropped behind- thc taller still ran on with her stick in her hand iu a voice of much softness aud sweetness s'ili begging for sixpence, as they 'were poor stranger who had got- nothing all day !' As she ran this sort of badinage passed— ' Where do you come from ? ' Oil ! we Jure come nil the way from Epsom to meet our youngman here, and hehanie. ceived us. "Well, I hopenoyounginan will deceive you moro cruelly.' I should like something, for I am very tired ; and what is sixpence to you? You have a very good horse in your chaise i I have no doubt you aro a gentleman of independent fortune— do givo us sixpence!' 4 No, I wish I were half as rich as yon art' Hero the Queen of Love and Beauty stopped, and turned round with an air of ve tj beautiful disdain. As she went back to join her companion wo were again struck with the grace of her form and the buoy ancy of her carriage. As wo returned ve met theso gipsies coming up a hollo? woody lane near Bookham Common, aud be hold I they aud a military looking young man with light moustachios wero walking familiarly on togother. It was evident that they had found 'their young man.' The moment our actresses saw us, they motioned their escort to move off to tho other side of tho way and to walk on, and again renewed their importuning as we passed. As we proceeded, I stopped and asked of all the country people I met, who was that gentleman ? and who tho ladies dressed as beggars ? The miller thought tho gentleman was from Bookkan Lodge, tho scat of Captain Blackwood. ' But tho women, sir, they arc Dutchwomen,' mean ing German broom sellers. The groom at the parsonage gate ' didn't know the gentleman in the moustachios; but tho women, bless youl thoy were no ladies.' ' "Why ? ' 'Oh, they camo ringing at tho boll liko new 'uns; six or seven times thoy called us out— they would take no nay."' In tlio end Mrs. Howitt was able to sab- Ma stantiate hor suspicions. The fair gipsies were n nono other thau tho two beautiful girls who aB wero destined — ono to combine the blood of tbo H most famous wit, orator, play writer and H political adventurer of his time with that of the H noblest aud proudest houso of the English H aristocracy, and tho other to be tho mother of a Hj celebrated modern statesman The taller and h younger Miss Sheridan became tho Duchess of M .Somerset— the Queen of Beauty at thcEglintoa Bj Tournament ; her sister became the wifo of 9B Lord DufFerin. H As an example of tlio moro serious side of m Mary Howitt's intellectual powers, raw m HM quoted tho following curious complaint writwa n to lier sister in 1830. It is interesting, as show H ing how ono of tho moBt barren periods intM history of English litoraturo affected the ramus of tlioao who lived in it : — " It is impossiblo to tell thce how I Ions for somo mighty spirit to arise to give a nowimpulsa to raind. I am tired of Sir Walter Scott and his imitators, and I am sickened lfi| Hemans's luscious poetry and ail her tnba or copyiits. Tho librarians sot in array one scuwj against tho other, and hurry out their tray volumes beforo tho ink of tho manuscript u fairly dry. It is an abomiuation to iny . B.oul» not ono in twenty could I read, lbus thousand books aro published, ami u hundred nnd ninety ore unreadable, w thou remember tho days when poems camo out first, now one, aim one, at sufficient intervals to allow of dest 5 them ? And dost thou remember our first rua ing of Lalla Rookh ? It was on a washing We road aud clapped our clear starching, r, and dapped, read and clapped and read o nnd all tlio timo our souls wero not on this e Ay, dear Anna, it was either being j < 9 or being unsurfoited which gave such 8 |. poetry in those days. And yet I do q whether if Lalla Rookh were now fintpuH"6« I could cujoy it as I did then. Bu cannot judge ; tho idea of the poem w -SP . mo by otbera being liko It. I . lo» '« an era, tho outbreaking of somo stro „ I who would open another seal. giants that roso in intellect at too ginning of tho century, Southey, nnd Wordsworth, havo become cauBos havo oouspirod to mako liter. . . it now is, a swarming hut lusignifica o( ono being tlio wrotcheil, detracted oriticism ; another is the annuals ; a , all periodical writing, wluoli requires amount of material, verso or prose, Boforo leaving Mary Howitt's wo may quote, for tho benofit of ghost rosted iu psychical research, tho fo I Ir.uifc tiow tell you Mt. DpJ'ettjq teuKSuH Wfi- tS-sM oxcollont and enlightened nob lo . , o|wV0 largo estates in Iroland, and _ . gis Irish olso to promote tho best intoro jn ((,at dopondonts. Fart of tho year )e . tho country, dovoting himself to jjoliert/ rest of his timo ho spent with « Ho took and othor social reformers in ran wouUg0 H It into his head that if ®fr. J? i»uW brin? B and livo on his Irislr esUtwho . « about the most wonderful rcf very mosh> H tho population. Ho urged hbg omgyy t, m offorod him every inducement, l;enihM 9 his grand nhitentliropicnatere, y j ;u abor% tB to himself. In vain. Mr. Doherty sw « „f„rtunnte as to become to him a teased him, just fc'5 > ..r,L? teases her husband, by her well pjirifc often nof perhaps, do that £»».>' till « g, doJ Gn 28th Vnltscourt died suddenly of !W Then a deep remorse and self rWcll upo" Mr' Dhorty s !mml fiproacb fcU P the contrary, Ins I# ho, fcclinsr anger towards friend hj«j un(e< disappointed. One tin, fccl'"\/6"t full of bitterness bjr f? ir ilft q-»w in broad daylight Lord ©!'' '"rflking with two gentlemen. They iS to to in deep disoourse, when ho ap- I .n?Mcnlv to say, ' There is my dear good !ort f / I must toll him how much I Km He gave him a look of the tenderest, l iovfiil affection, and was gone. The uJ hail appeared as if attired in full fsmtstfit and had he come in the flesh, ho Sl no have restored more peace and assur- JSto Mr! Doherty's mind than was given by tfi'i is a curious one, and was silently believed in by Mary Ilowitt. At by Lt Mr. Frederick Myers and his col. fis iXteihc matter? A disquisition S Vnttcnticity would find n fitting place in the society 3 proceedings. &tanda;> u. 