.Miscellaneous. Ladt Duklo. — I do not know what are th& politics of the Bdfon family, a member of which has ju3t married Lord Dunlo ; but (said Truth) if they are Conservative, or if Miss. Bilton, on joining the nobility, adopts its political views, she wfll be a useful recruit to the band of aristo cratic Primrose dames who condescend to woo the ' lower classes ' by performances on the banjo and by singing Ethiopian melodies, for she really has some talent as a dancer, and is a favorite at ladyship is likely to prove a great attraction, and will no doubt be in considerable request. A New Pigment. — A. pisrmenfc having the pro perties and appearance of India ink is prepared in a simple manner by B. Piffard. An excess of camphor is submitted to the action of strong sul phuric acid for twenty-four hours, yielding a red dish gelatinous mass. This is heat«d uiitil the sulphurous acid and excess of camphor are ex* pelled, when the fine black pigment is left. Hope's Flatteelng Tale. — Some years ago, at a certain weli- knovm hotel in the neighborhood of the Trosachs in Scotland (where it knows Lot? to rain), the prudent landlord had 'a circular barometer, of which the pointer was permanently fixed at 'set fair.''5 When the weather was unsettled, those who contemplated driving excur sions frequently consulted the head waiter as to the meteorological prospects, and were invariably referred by him to the ' weather-glass,' which usually inspired them with perfect confidence. What Society Jocbnalism is Bringing ub to. — In a little town in the far west of the United States a shopkeeper has engaged a young assist ant. And this is how the local newspaper announces the event among its fashionable and personal news : ' Hiss Lillie CrocKett has accepted a position in the store of M'Conneli, Chambers, and Company.' Miss Beougetoits Action. — The action of Miss Phyllis Broughton against Lord Dangan still remains in the list, although the case is settled. The terms of the settlement are that Miss Broughtcn receives 2500 guineas damages, and has the opportunity of coming into court to go into the witness-box : so that no stain may rest on her character, and no prejudicial inferences may be drawn from Lord Daagairs neglect to fulfil the engagement. A Bat Swimming. — Thus a correspondent of a London paper : While taking an after-dinner scroll aiong me oanir oi a stream, i Jiaa a snot I with a stone at a bat Sitting down the river. Tlie I stone struck the water a little, in front of the bat, I which, either by ducking to avoid the stone or I from fright, fell into the water. After several I ineffectual attempts to rise, it suddenly struck I out for the shore with its wings, getting along at I a great pac6. I assisted it on to the bank ; and, I after waiting ten minutes to dry, it Hew ofi, none I the worse for its adventure. I ' Umpopulae ' Insects. — House flies are, and I have always been, among the most 'unpopular' I of insects. Luther is said to have hated them I heartily, and to have massacred them without I mercy. He was wroth with them, and called I them ' emissaries of Diabolus, and the ghosts of I heretics/' because they buzzed about him, and I distracted his attention when he was reading a I pious book. It will be remembered that, accord- 1 ing to the prevailing ideas of the old Roman I Catholics, the bluebottle and the common house fly together constituted one of the many plagues ' of the mediaeval purgatory. A Monsteh Girder. — The largest girder ever 'used in the construction of an edifice has just been built into the walls of the new addition to the American Museum of Natural History, New York. It is intended, along with other but smaller girders, to support the floors and partitions of the structure, and thus obviate the 'use of pillars, and allow all the floor space to be properly utilised for the placing of showcases. The Pope is taking a summer holiday. He has left the Vatican to stay in a small pavilion at the end of the gardens, called the 'Casino of Pius IV.,' and thoroughly enjoys the change after being re stricted to the same apartments for over eleven years. The pavilion is very small and rather damp. But his Holiness would not listen to any objections offered to his removal. He intends to establish an astronomical observatory in the Vatican. The scheme of developing at University Col lege and King's College. London, the .study of Oriental languages, which Sir F. Abel has broached on behalf of the Imperial Institute, is good as far as it goes. Had the city companies, in stead of wasting their money on a big ugly build ing at South Kensington, endowed the technical departments of the two colleges, they would have done more real service to technical education than they have, and at a less cost. Last week the Archdeacon of Bathurst (the Eev. Curwen Campbell) received an address from the clereymenof thedioeese, who testified to the esteem in which he is held throughout the diocese, and congratulated him on the manner in which he had performed his duties a3 canon of All Saints* Cathedral, Archdeacon of Bathurst, the Bishop's commissary, vicar-general, and administrator of the diocese. He made a suitable reply, and thanked his brother clergymen for their kind expression of opinion. Dr. Donald, rector of the Church of the' Ascension in New York, is a young man, but is too conservative an Episcopalian to believe in bowling-alleys, gymnasiums, billiard tables, kitchens, &c.;, as church adjuncts, which, he says, transform churches into ' houses of amusement or clubs of physical comfort.' The Uev. Herbert Kynaston, for many years an assistant-master at Eton, and for fifteen years Principal of Cheltenham College, has been appointed by the Bishop of Durham to the Chair of Greek in Durham University to which a eanonry is attached. Cardinal Manning com pleted lately his 81st year. More than .£6000 have been subscribed for his silver Jubilee Testi« lEonial. Ira D. Sankey, the gospel singer, who has been Evangelist Moody's companion in much of his work in America and Britain, has bought a farm in Suffolk County, on Long Island (U.S.A.), and will probably spend the remainder of bis life there. Some influential churchmen in Birmingham (Eng. ) are promoting a movement for the erection of a cathedral on the site of St. Philip's, Cobnore Bow. If the metropolis of the English Midlands is to possess a cathedral, this is the best position which could be chosen. An Effective Delivery. — Visitor : ' Your pastor seems to be a very earnest man. His voice trembled with emotion when he read the lessons this morning.' Soprano: ' Oh, it wasn't that. He had just had a row with the choir leader ; and he was mad clear through !' Hardly any philosophic linguist (declared Prof. F. A. March) attempts to forecast the future without some discussion of the destiny of English; and De Candolle calculates that within a hundred years English will be spoken by 860,000,000 of men. At present the population either speaking the English language or -under the denomination of English-speaking peoples numbers more than 318,297,000, or one-fourth the population «f the globe. The English-speaking races occupy one fourth of the dry land of the earth, and nearly two-thirds of the tonnage of ships. They live in all regions; they handle all articles of trade; they preach to all nations ; they command one half of the -world's gold and silver ; and distri bute more than two-thirds of the bibles and testaments. More than one-half of the letters mailed and carried by the postal service of the world are written, mailed, and read by the English-speaking population. Wise Father (to married son) : ' You are living very nicely, I see; but are you saving any money?' Wise Son (whispering): 'Yes; but don't tell my wife.' Jew Tailor: 'I -fell you, my friendt, dhose clodhing -will wear like iron !' Upsom Downes : I believe you. They look a little rr.sty already,' 