' BovcUst. ! < 7 L- The Midnight Prophecy ' ok thbf' ' HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. By H mma Garrison Jones. V; . " . CHAP rER LYII, — (Continued.) I, - "Now, see here, what's the use of sticking it out? You can't help yourself. You are w holly at my mercy. I've told the people here"— with a brutal lauh— 4b - .. ® . aie crazy, an escaped lunatic, and if yoji batter the windows down they'll only think you crazier, don't you 'see. You can't escape. Come now, let's \ go and- get married peacefully, and be . good friends all the rest of our days." He arose and made an attempt to take her hand, but she repelled him with a gesture. "Lord Strathspey," her young voice 7 ; ringing like a trumpet, " I shall never be '. . your wife ! You may drag me to the , alter, but I'll denounce and d-dy you there asldohere!" 7.7 ' /'He watched her a moment, the old, 7; dangerous look coming back to his ' eyes. .' " Very well," he replied then, in the quiet tone he always used when he was : inuch moved, "have it your own way. You'll see whether you'll hold out or not ; when I get you in the quarters I've pre- r' pared for you. We'll see." He. turned arid strode from the room, hiB face white with anger, and locked the door after him. , Maggie »at by the window, gazing down into the dingy yard below, and pondering on what Lord 'Strathspey had said. The ; people, at the inn regarded 7 her as an escaped- lunatic — that explained at once the peculiar conduct of the land lady. The young nobleman had spoken advisedly when he said she was utterly 7 7 4? his power . She was, and without one >' iirijgle -hop of escape. Thinking it all / over, Maggie's brave heart failed her, and dropping her bright head forward on the window-sill, she sobbed, in her impotent despair, like a child. But her grief was more for he: old father's sake than for her? own. ' The long, dreamy summer day went slowly by. It seemed an eternity to poor Maggie, pacing up and down her bare prison in frantic impatience. But at last it came to an end ; the sun went down behind the Scottish hills, the purple .twilight fell, and the great white stars" came flashing out in the opal sky like un set diamonds. ; Once again her prison door was opened, and .the young lord entered. . " Come," he said, quietly, unfolding a parcel containing a shawl and- hat, " get v these on ; we' are going nr>w." ( Maggie paid no heed to lis command, v " Will ycu go quietly ?" he continued. " I wish yon would, but if jou like to be stubborn, there's nothing to kinder. You ee this," he added, producing a small, transparent vial, and holding it before her eyes ; " One single sniff at h will make you as gentle aa a lamb, and there are plenty to help me carry you down. Take1 your choice at once. Will yon go, quietly ornot ?" ' She arose without a word, and put on the shawl arid hat. There was nothing to be juried bl resisting, with that ieadly drug before Mer eyes. The young man took her haJa, and drew it through hi» arm, and 'they descended to the public parlor of " The Lion and the Unico.n." The landlord and his wife and one or two guests were present, and the whole of them arose at once, and stood ready to de camp in case of any violent manifestations. Maggie had thought to appeal to them for help, hut seeing their winks, and noda, and 'significant glances, she refrained. They believed her to be mad, and would \ sot give ear to anything she said. 1 She suffered Lord Strathspey to lead her out to the tavern porch. There was a dosed carriage in waiting a few yards I from the steps, and half a dozen boys and i riton loitered around, looking on with curious insolence. The poor girl's cheeks tingled with outraged pride and anger, "and she went to the carriage door in utter silence. At the very instant that her foot touched the step, and the young lord was hurrying her in, the horses shied and plunged forward, throwing her back with some violence. \- "Take, care, madam," cried a young man, who had just come up from another direction. " Allow me to help you." He. caught her before she fell, and drew her back a step or two, while the houses were being restrained. Maggie turned the moment she recovered from the shock, and looked at him, and in the summer dusk she saw something in his handsome, blonde face that inspired her with confidence. Swifter than thought — for Lord Strathspey was approaching rapidly, while the stable-boy held the horses— she grasped his arrii with both her slender hands, and raised her lovely eyes to his face. "Oh, sir, for Heaven's sake help me," she implored ; " that man is the Earl of Strathspey's son, and he is forcing me from home and friends—save ,me — help me!" The young lord rushed up, with a bitter oath. "She's a lunatic — don't heed her," he cried, hotly, too hotly, it struck the calm young stranger. "Come on — come, I say." He drew her to the carriage door, and lifted her in by main force, springing after her, with astonishing rapidity. Maggie struggled from his grasp, and suc ceeded in reaching the window. " Oh, sir, save me — save me !" she cried, in imploring accents. " Who is she ?" demanded the young man of the landlord, as the carriage whirled away. " A mad woman, as he told ye ; she 'scaped, an' he be taken her back — she's a purty young thing." The stranger saunteredoff in the deepen- ine twilight, his rifle swung across his stalwart shoulders, and a short hunting knife in his belt. " I don't believe it," he murmured, his blue eyes brooding and serious ; " there was no madness in her face ! Heavens, what a face it was ! Like one of Raphael's Madonnas. I've half a mind to follow her, and unravel-this mystery, By Jove, I will." And he shot off through the purple gloom, with the speed of an antelope. CHAPTER LVIII. the boeder watch tower. Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at the time of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turret or tower, which loomed up above the main structure, and from which, in dayB gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoiter the movements of their enemy. The surrounding country was very bleak and desolate, and the old castle, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, and crumbling battle ments, was perhaps the dreariest and most uncanny old place within the length and breadth of England. For ages it has beun -utterly j deaerted; save by the bats and owls, and the ghosts of the mailed warriors, who used to hold their nightly revels indts spacious halls. On one side, its gray and. mouldy parapets looked down into the sullen waters of Solway Firth, and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterly sterile and verdureless, dotted here and there with dwarfed oaks and bla'ck thorn bushes, and bounded by a ledge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under the base of these extended a gloomy cave, known among the peasants as the " Hermit's Cave," and inhabited, so they asserted, by a wierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, like that of the Wandering Jew, was endless ; and who possessed, moreover, the ubiquity of Asmodeus ; appearing under the shadow of the black thorns at one moment, ' and away up on the beetling summit of the bald cliffs in the next. In the dead of night, the same night on which our last chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up the broad avenue that led to this grim old Watch Tower. The immense gates stood wide open, as they haa been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; and the carriage drove in, and over the mouldy flag-stones, up to the front entrance. ' The driver leaped from hiB box, and threw open the carriage door. He was a tall, dark man, with an ugly face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut across his right temple. " Here we are, my lord," he said. Lord Angus put his head out and looked about him. "Hark as a dungeon," he ejaculated, with a slight shudder, as his eyes roved over the great gray pile of ruins, looming up before him in the summer starlight. " S'pose you run up and knock, Berket, and be sure you're all right." The man ascended the long flight of stone steps, which led to an arched door way, and proceeded to pound lustily. At first, only the bats and owls, startled from their roosts, made any sound in response. He knocked again, with the loaded end of his whip, till, the empty halls within rang with the sound. Ten minutes passed, and then a sound of footsteps echoed within, and presently, after a great clatter of bolts and bars, the massive doors swung cautiously open, arid the dried and wrinkled face of an old woman looked out. " Wha'sthatl" she demanded in strong Scotch accents, one hand on the door, and the other on the head of an immense blood-hound, that crouched at her side, with blood-shot eyes, and red, half-open jaws. "Me, Mother Gwinneth, me, to be Bure !" cried Berket ; " the day o' judg ment might come, an' ye'd never know. Why, I've been ponndin' here an hour." "I beam ye," responded the old woman. " Be the young laird coom ?" Berket nodded as he turned and ran down the steps. "All right, yer lordship," he called at the door of the carriage. Lord Angus leaped out with Maggie in his arms. The poor girl had given over resistance. The sight of the driver's wicked face, and of the grim and ghostly old building, awed her into silent obedience. Her face was as white as the young moonlight that began to shimmer on the Scottish peaks, and her eyes wore a solemn startled expression. . If Heaven, did not interpose and save herv she was lost. The young man set her feet upon the muddy flag-stones, and drawing her hand through his arm, led her along by his side. They ascended the steps and approached the door, where the old woman awaited them with a dim lantern in her hand. At sight of them, the blood hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved stealthily forward. "Boon, ye- brute — doon this minuib 1" commanded the old woman. He cowered b;ck in an instant, arid the old woman came forward, her leaden eyes lighting at the sight of Lord Strathspey's face. " I dinna be sure it was yer lairdship," she said, watching him with a curious, eager look, and touching his arm with her withered hand ; " but I know it's yersel' now. Yer a braw lad now. 'Tis mony a year since me auld eyes had sight of ye. A braw young laird ye be." Lord Angus shook off her hand with an oath, staring at her in amazement. " Hush your gibber, will you?" he cried, harshly. " Do yon mean to keep me out here all night ?" The old creature hurried back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in her leaden eyes like that we often see in dumb animals. 7" / "The young leddy's room be all ready," she said, humbly. " Will ye go right up now, or " " Right up now," interrupted the young peer. " Lead the way." She obeyed in silence, going before, them up the great oaken staircase, the blood-hound crouching along at her heels. She paused midway the great hall that ran from the head of the stairs, between two rows of chambers that had once been very grand and stately, anddaking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened one of the carved oaken doors. Lord Scathspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. In its day, this old state chamber had been a inagnificent one, but now the tapesiry was faded and moth-, eaten, rats burrowed behind the carved wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and ornaments on the marble mantel were green with mould. The rich furniture, too, of an antique Btyle, waB sadly decayed and faded, and the great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little puii's of dust at every touch of their feet. The solitary candle that burned on the mantel threw a dim and ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, wnere an immense Dea upreareu naen like a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of . some dead-and-gone race that adorned the walls. Altogether it was as dreary and tomb- like a chamber as one can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old Btate- cliamber and seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on the velvet couch that filled one corner. Then he turned to the old woman that stood just within the doorway, her eyes following him with that curious, eager look. "Give me the key," he said, roughly, " and take yourself off. I can find my way down." She obeyed without a word, and with the key in his hand the young man turned to Maggie. " You believe me now ?" he began, his evil eyes flashing with triumph; "you see how completely you are in my power ? The doors are strong here — to-night the great gates will be cloaed and locked, and day and night that old crone and her blood hound will stand guard to prevent your escape. You see there is no hope for, you." Maggie uttered no word in answer. She sat motionless on the edge of the moth- eaten sofa, her face white and rigid, her sweet brown eyes stony with horror and despair. The young lord's heart relented a little as lie looked at her. " I don't like to do this," he continued, his tone softening as he spoke ; " I want to be good to you, Maggie — it is all your own fault. The moment you consent to become my wife, you are free. I want you to think it over to-night and make ap your mind to like me — you can easily enough if you will. I shall come to see you early in the morning, and if you'll say the word we will be married at once, and I'll take you back to your father the Countess of Strathspey Towers.'- Still she uttered no word in response, but sat in that white, stony silence. The young man could not bear to look at her, and he turned toward the door. " I won't annoy you to-night," he said ; " you're tired. I'll go down and send Gwynneth up with some supper and a glass of wine and you'll feel better to morrow. Good-night." He lingered an. instant, hoping she would speak, but she did not, and he went out, closing and locking the door after him. And Maggie was left alone a prisoner in this great, ghostly old chamber. CHAPTER LIX. the decoy. The Earl of Strathspey left Ravenswold on the tenth of September to make a run down to Lundon and return in time for his daughter's marriage, which was ap pointed. to take place on the twenty- tnird. He had various commissions to execute, business matters to arrange, and ti:e marriage settlements to attend to. In addition, tfle eari wished, to consult with his solicitor, in regard to the expediency of disinheriting, or disowning rather, the young man who had so long been known as his son. The subject was a very painful one, but Lord Strathspey was not the man to shirk what he considered to be his duty, no matter how much pain it might cause him. Day by day, hour by hour, the convic tion that the boy was not his sou, that he had been deceived and imposed upon, grew upon him ; and while he rejoiced to believe that so depraved and unpromising a young man was in truth no son of his, it was with a feeling of keen pain that he thought of renouncing him. After all his hopes, after all he had borne and suffered, he should die without an heir, and the time-honored name of Strathspey would die with him. Better thus, however, than to leave it in the hands of one who would surely bring dis grace and shame upon it. He was fixed in his determination, and started down to London to look into the matter and see what could be done. Immediately after the marriage of his daughter he proposed having the remains of his wife disinterred and removed to the grand burial-place at Starthspey Towers. That done, his life-work was ended, and nothing remained for him but death. He purposed leaving Eng land in all probability forever, and .end ing his miserable existence in a foreign laud. Thus the earl purposed doing, as he stood on the platform at the Perth rail way, waiting impatiently for, the express train to London, but a trifling incident, or shall we say a providence, which works, even through the wrath of evil men, to ac complish and perfect its marvellous ends —caused him to change his. mind. The earl ..received a letter; a yellow en velope, directed in a scrawling hand, and delivered by a dark man, with a sabre cut over his right temple. He tore it open a trifle impatiently, and reaa its contents. It ran thus : " If the Earl of Strathspey will come to the old castle called ' The Border Watch Tower,' he may learn something in regard to his oum so?»." " His own soil," mused the peer, walk ing up and down. " What can it mean, I wonder ? I've half a mind to go and see. I know the old castle well. By Jove, I will go !" He turned on his heel; while the express train went crashing out on its way to Lon don; and half an hoar later he was aboard a passenger train, bound for the North country border. He got off at Hawick, under the shadow of the Cheviot Hills, and finding no better mode of travelling at haud, after making a . hasty dinner, he secured a seat in a mail-coach, which would convey him with in a few miles of the ruins. With every mile he travelled, his im patience increased. His own son! He kept repeating the words over and over, with something like a thrill of pleasure. He had been so deceived, and baffled, and disappointed— what if at last his very own son was to be restored to. him ? The little Tyrol foundling, that his dead wife claimed as her own? It might be so. Stranger things had hap pened. ' We have, before stated that the earl was impulsive and impetuous by nature ; whatever he believed, became a faith to him. And now thinking it over, as. he rattled along in the mail- coach, his im patience waxed hotter and Wier If it might only turn out as he hoped — if he might find and claim the boy his wife loved, the child for whose sake she sacri ficed her home and happiness, and her life —what joy it would be to endow him with his name, his wealth, his honors, for the sake of her whom- he had so deeply in jured ! It was the one only thing which could in, any way afford him comfort, or appease the cruel remorse that stung him like an adder ; and his great desire that it might be so grew into a hopeful faith. His own son I It must" be the little foundling of the Tyrol that he was soon to hear of. The mail-coach put him down in the silver dusk of a- September eve. A young moon hung like a silver crescent over the blue Cheviot peaks, and the stars came out like jewels in the far-off, misty blue. The " Border Watch Tower" was a few mileB distant ; he could see the round tur ret looming up gray and grim in the opal light. There was no conveyance at hand, and the impatient earl, too eager to brook a moment's delay, determined to walk the distance. He did so, striking off in a direct line across the north country, and leaving the rolling downs and rugged peaks far behind. The moon was going down in a bank of thunderous storm-cloud when he reached the great gate of the old castle, and an owl was hooting dismally from some hid den perchjiway up in the windy battle- merits. Tiie earl paused, panting and weary from his long and rapid walk, and leaning against the huge stone pillar, gazed around him. And at sight of the dreary prospect — the black and sullen waters beneath the ruined moat ; the blighted heath, stretch ing far away in the dim light ; the gloomy fir -grove that flanked the broad avenue, and the great gray pile of ruins, so still, and ghostly, and tomb-like in the uncer tain moon-rays — at sight of all this, for the first time a thrill of apprehension assailed him. What if he were being lured into a trap ? Gould it be so ? Asking himself the question, as if by some weird mugic the face of his son, of the boy who had borne his name and en joyed his benefits so long, seemed to rise before him — a face full of wicked malig nant triumph. For one brief moment the earl hesitated, half inclined to turn back. Then he raised his haughty head with a scornful smile. He had never met a danger in all his life long that he dared not face, and 3hould he turn back from this— he, who held his life so lightly ? ' A rusty horn hung suspended-1 from the huge gate, which was securely locked. The earl took it down, and blew a long, loud blast, such a blast as was wont in days gone by to rouse tUe border warriors from their revels. The hoarse braying of a bbod houud within responded to his summms, and all again was silent for the space <>f ten min utes, when a footstep , echoed on the damp flag-stone, and directly after the rusty bolts and bars began to rattle.; The gate was cautiously opeied, and the same man who had deliverec; the letter looked out. "All!" he ejaculated, "the earl at last. Will your lordship be pleased to enter?" " Who desires my presence! here de- demanded the earl. "The master," replied the man, glibly; " he has tidings for your lordship, if you will have the goodness to walk in and hear." The earl strode in without another question. ' ' N Tire gate was closed and locked after him, ard then his guide lid the way to the castle entrance. The earl followed ud the mouldy steps and through the arched door way. In the great hall, the old woman known as Mother Gwynneth stood with a light, and at a signal from the man, she at once led the way into a spacious drawingroom. A grand, gloomy apartment filled with must and decay, and floored with colored tiles, like the rooms above. From a velvet chair i»a remote corner, a man's figure arose. Gwynneth put down the light and retreated,- and the Earl of Strathspey stood face to face with his son, the young Lord Angus. For the space of a minute, the two men faced each other in dead silence ; then the earl spoke, his voice quivering with' rage : " Did you send that letter ?" he de manded ; " did you dare to decoy me into this den ?" The young man's face wore a smile of diabolical truimph; "I did, begging your lordship's pardon," he replied ; " I invited you to come if you wished to hear something of your ovm son ; and he is very much at your honor's ser vice, the only son, the only heir the Earl of Strathspey will ever own." For an instant the earl stood breathless ; — utterly dumfounded at the young man's arrogant impudence. Then his hot and hasty temper flamed up. "You young villain !" he cried, rushing toward Lord Angus, "I'll teach you how to make a fool of me." He made an attempt to grasp the young man's collar, but Lord Angus elu ded him, and, retreating step by step, drew the earl on to the farther corner of the spacious room. There was a wide tile just benriath their feet. The young lord pressed upon one corner of tbis with the toe of his boot, and it slid slowly downward, carrying the earl with it, down into an abyss of utter darkness.' Lord Angus peered down into the awful chasm, his face full of wicked exul tation. " Who will be Earl of Strathspey now, my lord?" he called, mockirigly. Then the heavy tile slowly rose, and slid back' to its place with a sharp snap. " A snug trap that," mused the young peer, with his hands in his pockets ; "and my Lady Cecilia Drummond's a clever woman— a deuced clever woman, and a handsome one. If I don't succed in break ing in my wild fury, I've half a mind to make love to her, now that the earldom's mine. CHAPTER LX. j ' ! defeated. Judith lost no time in carrying but her determination to warn Captain Fossbroke of his danger. The moment her duties to Lady Marguerite were ended, she hurried across the wold, in the waning light, to the residence of Mr. Keith. , The old highland country house was very silent and sad, for Mr. Kefth was ab sent, at work with the detectiveB who were trying to find poor Maggie; and the old doctor was sitting out upon the stone steps, his head bent upon his breaBt, given over to despair and grief. Judith approached him with tears in her eyes. "Ay, 'tis you, my girl," he said, in re ply to her salutation, his eyes full of the wistful inquiry that never left them. "I was in hopes-— — " He stopped short, his voice ehokedand unsteady. "But 'tis useless," he added, after a moment. " I may as well give up all hope. She's gone, Judith— my pretty bairn's gene — 1 shall never hear from her again." There was a deep pathos in the father's I grief for the daughter he loved so fondly. Judith's tears fell fast as she looked at him; but her words were the words of hope and consolation. "Do not despair," she said; " I'm sure you will find her— I feel it somehow, doc tor — she's not gone." But he shook his gray head in des- pair. "Remember how it was about Hen- drick," the girl continued, hoping to cheer him. "I had mourned him as dead so long, and, in the hour I least looked for it, he was restored to me. The mercy of Heaven is endless, and its power is omni potent, doctor. You will surely find your child again." He looked up at the summer stars above him. J uditli's earnest words thrilled him I with renewed hope. She passed on, in search of the captain, and found to her consternatian, that he I was absent, gone to Glasgow, to retnrn on Thursday. I On Thursday, the very day on which I the fatal wine supper was to be held ! I What should she do ? I Hurrying homeward through the silent I starlight, she thought until her temples I throbbed with pain, and at last deter- I mined to reveal the whole affair to the I countess. I Lady Marguerite was in the music-room when Judith reached Ravenswold, filling all the summer silence with her mournful 1 melodies, and the girl ran to her own little I room, to seek advice from her husband. I She had told him the story of the baro- 1 ne's treachery before, and he strongly approved of her decision to - reveal all to I the countess. J " There s something wrong," he said, in I his grave, slpw manner, " though I can't I see through it. I've been watching the I Ivjvtmaf QinDa irmi mri on<4 I vmuuvv wv. uuoio O something wrong with him, Judith. He starts and looks behind him when there's no cause — he's got a secret of some kind on his mind, I'm sure o' that." " And he to be my poor little Pearl's husband!" cried Judith. "And a night or two ago," pursued Hendrick, without noticing what she said, " I was down in the stables, and Sir Bay ard came down — he's always prying about the horses. Right in the yard he met Cap tain Fossbrooke face to face. Tiey both stopped and stared at each other, and says the captain. j "Why, Colonel Richmond B o>ke , as I I live !" . "And Sir Bayard, he t"i-ned so white that I thought he'd drop wuere he stood. The captain went on with a laugh, and then Sir Bayard fell to swearin' awful. I wonder what it all means ?" " Colonel Richmond Brooke," repeated Judith, thoughtfully. "Yes," said Hendrick; "that's the name. I remember it well." " Well, 'tis all in a tangle," she replied; "I can't begin to see one end from t'other; but I'll take your advice and tell the whole thing to the countess." I " Ay, lass, 'tis the best thing you can do," responded Hendrick, stroking her brown hair as he arose to go out. „ I And Judith went straight way and tap ped for admittance at tne door of the countess' sittiugroom. I The old lady had a new novel before I her and her inevitable silver mug of strong coffee at her elbow. She stared a little as Judith entered and begged the favor | ? r . ' 1 n - , j ' of :her; attention -for' a few mihutesi " ;But she closed her novel, aud pushed back her goggles,and laid one hand on the jewelled head of her staff, and bade her proceed with what she wished to say. I Judith obeyed, rehearsing in a concise and strictly truthful' manner, and with that terse aud striking style that was one of her gifts the whole affair from begin- ' Ring to end, winding up with the little incident that Hendrick had noticed in the stable-yard. The countess. listened,, her keen eyes blazing, her hands working nervously on the top of her cane. She comprehended all the points that had escaped the girl's comprehension. When the story was ended she brought I dowii her stick with a-crasb. 1 ' ' There, " she cried, excitedly, "I see the- whole thing now aB clear as daylight. I What a blind idiot I've been not to sus- I pect it before. The man's ari impostor, I and Bayard Brompton's dead — murdered ! I That's the whole in a nutshell. Poor I Baj'ard." I She meditated a morirent and then, I bounded to her feet with the alacrity of a ; girl. ; : ; " Here, my good girl," she cried, as she I threw off her velvet gown, " dress me I quick. I won't ring for my maid— there, the black satin and a fresh, turban.. Oh, Heaven !" she went .on : excitedly, as Judith hastened to obey,; " to' think -how I I've- suffered: myself , to be duped--thank I Heaven 'tis: not too. late. . . Poor.Pearl, I poor little girl, what a fate she has es- I caped. I " Girl," turning upon Judith as she was folding the snowy turban, " I'll give you a fortune for the service you've done me to-night ; a fortune that will make you a J lady." I -Judith thanked her as she arranged the I turban and looped it in front with the I great flashing diamond. The ' countess grasped her stick and hurried down. 7 I , Pearl was still a,t the piano, and the baronet was bending over hei chair 'doing his utmost to play the devoted lover, the poor girl shrinking away from him; with horror and aversion. > The countess crossed the room with the tread of a cat and put her lips close to the baronet's ear. " Colonel Richmond Broojce," she cried shrilly, " when did you murder Sir Bay art Bromptonf" : The baronet bounded up as if a bullel had struck .him, turned sharply and stared at the countess ,m blank consternation; Then comprehending the whole; his -'face slowly whitened, and with one or two in effectual gasps he sank to the floor inr I sensible. The couutess sat down .contemplating the prostrate soldier with an amused twinkle in her sharp eyes. I " I' re given myself credit all my life for I being aclever woman," she observed, "but I I'm convinced now that I'm insufferably: stupid, that 1 ever should have been I brought to believe that creature a Bromp-; ton. Pah! Marguerite, child, ring the bell, will you ?" I Marguerite, pale with wondering dis- I may, hastened tQ obey. I " Call that gentleman's valet;" com- 1 manded the countess of the servant who I entered, indicating the prostrate baronet with the toe of Her satin -slipper. - \ In five minutes Leonard entered, a. startled look in his black eyes. " Take your master to his room," said the countess ; " he is ill. . 1 will have a, physician called in." Leonard obeyed with alacrity, and the dowager proceeded to call in, not a physician, but a pair of officers. Half an hour later they invaded the baronet's room, but lo, the casement; vpas wide open, arid the baronet and his valet were .both gone. But the unsuccessful soldier had left hiB written confession behind him. " I am Sir. Bayard Brompton's half- brother by an illegitimate connection. His father did my mother an unpardonr able wrong, and I owed her son a grudge. Moreover, I was the elder son, the title and wealth Were mine ; I, tried to secure them ; I have failed." : "Poor fellow," mused the count.ess ; " he did have a look of the Bromptons, and I can't help feeling some pity for him. But he's a murderer — put the officers on his track;" To be continued. 