BEGA. Sir Thomas Esmonde arrived in Bega on Sun day afternoon. Ho was driven from Cobargo to Brogo by Mr. John O'Eeilly, accompanied b} other Cobargo resident?, and was there met h'y Mr. John Connelly, Dean Healy, and other rosi dents, who had »one out as a reception party. Alter a snort spell at JJrogo, a start was made for Bega, and along th«a road a number of residents iu buggies and on horseback met the Delegate and escorted him to Bega, waich was senohoii at) ftvo o'clock. On Monday the visitor wan out tiporting. In the evening he spoke ou tile Home Eule ques tion to a' large audience in the Lycoum Hall. The meeting was a most successful oncJj, .3300 being received'* 30URKE. Mr. John Deasy's meeting1 at Bourke was suc cessful beyond anticipation. Mr. tT. Nugent Eytin, solictor, Bourke, has telegraphed to the League authorities in Sydney tliafe the receipts amounted to »-8130j COBAECfO. Sir Thomas Esmonde arrived at Cobargo on September 7th. Sir Thomas left Moruya in a special conveyance accompanied by Mr. Coonan, of Eurobodalia,. Three miles from town they were mfct by the reception committee and a large num ber of other residents. The Cobargo Brass Band in a drag dmwn by four splendid hcrse3 wel comed the distinguished visitor with the strains of his native land. After a brief introduction ceremony a procession was formed i'or the reat of the journey'. The band led, followed by ten or twelve buggies and a number of horsemea. The procession artived in town about 2 o'clock, and a large number of people lined the streets to witness . the entry. In the evening the School of Art's hall waa filled with an enthusastic and attentive audience. The chair ivaa occupied by Mr. John O'Eeilly, J.P. Sir Thomas EsKtonde eloquently addressed the meeting for an hour and a half, and sat down amid great cheering. A subscription list was opened . The amount subscribed was £60. Sir Thomas Eamonde thanked the people for theiir generous subscription, and the members of the reception, committee for their efforts to make the visit a duccess, and their personal kindness to himself. CAhSelo. Sir Thomag Ssmonde met with, a great recep tion on Tuesday night in the School of Arts, Candelo. The building was full, and £120 was taken. Visitors were present from Panibala and Rocky Hall. All the principal people of the dis trict attended. The lecturer was applauded fre quently during his remarks on the social condi tion of Ireland. Mr. W. F. Coman, J.P., occupied the chair. Sympathizing resolutions were moved by Messrs. A. J. Cook, J. W. Sharp, A. H. Levey, ' and M'Naught. Sir Thomas Esmonde attended the coursing on Wednesday, leaving en rout a for ? Bombala on Thursday morning. CARCOAR Arrangements have been made for Mr. DeasyV lecture on the Home Eule question, which takes place on Saturday aight. The lecture which was to have taken plnce at Blayney has fallen through';,7 both towns having combined to have only, one lec ture. Upon his arrival from Dubbo, Mr. Deasy will be met at Blayney and escorted into Cpr coar. ALBURY. Mr. Dillon addressed a large meeting last night; in St. Patrick's Hall, Albury, and met with a most enthusiastic reception. Eesolutions approv ing of the action taken by Mr. Dillon and his col leagues were carried unanimouclyj and £200 was collected in the room. Ti1i£W0ET&\ The committee who had the carrying out of the arrangements in connection with the recent visit of Mr. John Dillon to Tarn worth held their final meeting in the Guild Hall on Sunday evening last. The treasurer submitted his balance-sheet; showing that there was in hand the sum of £299 183 as a result cf Mr. Dillon's viait in aid of the Irish Evicted Tenants' Fnnd. There were several other amounts to be received which would bring the full amount of the Tarn worth subscriptions to considerably over £300. The expenses amounted to £16 18a 8d. Votes of thanks were passed, to the Eev. Father Eyan as chairman of the com mittee ; to Mr. C. H. Mooney, secretary ; to the collectors and others who assinted in making the visit of Mr. Dillon such a great success ; and to the Press for its kindness in giving publicity to the proceedings. BIB THOS. BBMONDS'S MEETING- AT KIAMA. The local papers afford full particulars of Sir Thoa. Esmondo's meeting at Kiama, e, report o£ which appeared in last weekas Freeman. Kiama has for many years borne the reputation of being one of the most ' bigoted' towns of Australia, and the ' Eiama Ghost' raised by Sir Henry Parkes during the ' Fenian' scare, which fol lowed the shooting of Prince Alfred, lives in any thing but sweet-smelling history. However, Kiama behaved admirably on this occasion, and the subscription of .£100 in round figures speaks volumes for the change that ha3 taken place among the residents. Oa his arrival Sir Thomas Esmonde had a very hearty and even enthuoiastic welcome. He was driven into town in Mr. It. T. Thorburn's coach to the Eoyal Hotel, when, after a short sojourn, he was driven through the town, and an opportunity afforded him of seeing what was to be seen, including the famous ' Blow hole.' Mr. John Conway occupied the chair at the meeting in the afternoon, and on the stage (besides the guest) were the Eev. Father Eyan, P.P., Wollougong, Father Corcoran, of Kiama, and Messrs. John Feehan and Michael Kenny.. The fervently patriotic address presented to the Delegate was signed by John Conway, J.P., Pat rick Corcoran, CO., Nicholas Healy, John J. Downey, John Fitzgerald, and John Gallen. Sir Thomas Esmonde in the course of a rattling speech said—We have been told that we have no business to come and ask our friends in Australia to support us in Ireland, and have been re proacned very severely and strongly for our wickedness in coming out hero and asking for your money for Ireland. I am not sorry for hav ing been brought up in a school the training of which enables one to stand all sorts of abuse. In fact we have become so accustomed to abuse that when abuse is showered on us we feel like ducks in a shower of rain. (Laughter.) We have come out because Australia had heard only one side of the question ; and that was not the Irish side, We have just as much right to come out here and vindicate our character a3 others have to take it away. (Hear, hear.) We want a legis lature similar to the one in Sydney, in order that we may deal with Irish affairs, and control them, just the came as the aifairu of Net? South Wales are dealt with in its own Legislature. How do we expect to get it ? We have been fighting for it a long time, and have succeeded in turning to our aide tho great Liberal party, hoadod by ono of the greatest etateotnen England ever produced ; and we mean through him to get it. The EngHsh . Liberal party will establish it when it receiveo its ^DWCk'fco h-m fjhq S^olioh electoro. The ScotoE and -Welsh are with us ; and it simply means turning the English, with us, then we will get it. (Hear hear.) Wo wish to see an Irish Parlia ment in Dublin ; and it was only the interests of the cause that induced my fellow- delegates-, and myself to come on this mission, and I am glad to eay that it han been a successful cne, (Great ap plause.) I have been to America and am now m Australia in the cause, and I would go to China or Japan if I could get anything there. I want to see an Irish Parliament established m my own country. There is no earthly reason why Ireland should not govern herself. There is not a single paper in New South Wales that would endeavour to prevent self-government to West Australia; and surely if Western Australia with 40 or 50,000 people has a right to manage its own affairs, the Irish people representing some four or five millions have the same right. And we shall have Home Bale in Ireland too, said the speaker, ?whether it is objected to or not, and that before three years are over. We shall have the control of our own affairs as soon -as the next general election takes place, because there will be a majo rity returned in favour of Home Eule for Ireland. I would not be surprised if we got a Home Eule Bill from Lord Salisbury, as you never can be certain of the Toiies. They fight while they have a leg to stand upon, and when they have none, they throw a somersault. (Great applause.) The Tory party were invariably the party of change, and I would not be the least suprised if a Home Eule Bill was introduced by them 5 but ?whether by Tory or Liberal, if ever it was achieved, the credit would have to be given to Mr. Gladstone. We look to him as the father of the Home Eule party. (Cheers.) ARRANGEMENTS IN NEW ZEALAND. The New Zealand papers contain reports of pre liminary meetings to arrange for the reception of the liish Delegates. The New Zealand Tablet BayS . — « Mr. Dillon, cabling from West Maitland, N.S.W., informs us that he is obliged to postpone his visit to New Zealand until October. Mr. Dillon expects to arrive in Dunedin at the end of November.' MR. DILLON'S HEALTH ON HIS MISSION. Mr. Dillon, speaking at the dinner given in his honour by Cardinal Moran at St. Patrick's College, Manly, mentioned, while expressing his acknowledgments of the great generosity of the colonies, that his health had been improved very much by his visit to Australia, an announcement which was received with hearty cheering. In the course of hia speech Mr. Dillon said that the rea son the Irish party had allowed what was con sidered so long a period to elapse before sending out delegates to follow up the work of Messrs. John and William Eedmond was the strong di&inclina-; tion of the party to make an appeal for aid which might by any possibility be avoided. He thought he might safely say that the present mission would not have been undertaken but for the enormous drain upon the funds which had been brought about by the TiMES-Parnell Com mission proceedings. It was not through any spirit of indifference, not through any want of appreciation of the influence and generosity of the Irish in Australia, that the Irish party had delayed sending delegates, but simply and solely ?because they were unwilling to make a second appeal for subscriptions unless absolutely com pelled by force of circumstances to do so. 