A SCENE OYER A DIVISION. Tho Asscmhy found itsolf in an extraordi nary and indeed very ridiculous position when voting upon Mr. G. Waddell'a amendment on tho first clauso of the Ministerial Election Bill last night. The debate had been waged for four mortal hours, short speeches had been fired ofi! from til torn a to sides and everybody had said precisely what tboy had either said or Intimated that they woold say beforo tho measure came into Committee, At length the Chair man put the question and nobody caught bis eye. WI think the noes have it," said Mr. Melville. "Tho ayes havo it," piped out a few voices iu different parts of tho House. Then the sergeant rang the bell and a general re-arrangement of seats ensued, the result of the shuffle boing to leave Mr. Crick and Mr. Haynes the sole occupants of the Government benches, and, to add point to the humor, Mr. Crick the possessor of Sir Henry Parkes' usual seat. The House entered into the spirit of the joke, ami Mr. Haynes received a pressing invitation to walk across the floor. For a moment ho hesi tated, then made a feint, retained his place and at length deliberately left Mr. Crick in solitary grandeur tho only member on that side of the chamber. Again tbo Chairman called fW a vote. A chorus of voices shouted " No," but amongst them Sir Henry's was hoard in a higher key than nsnal insisting "Yea." Evidently there was ascrions mistake in some body's mind. The Premier had suddenly woko up to find himself among tho goats. Amidst calls of "Chair" and "Order "he rose, and in .spite of warnings to stay where ho was, Tecrossed thefloor and joined Mr. Crick. The Uncertainty bad by this time created aatate of restlessness in which everybody felt justified in addressing tho Chair simultaneously in a more or less irrelevant fashion. Somo watted to know whether a member had any ritrhfc to cross the floor after tho stating of the questhti others violently asserted that he had not. iCv. Harold Stephen and Mr. Garrard were the mo$ persistent shoutcrs. " Will hon. gentle men aasitt the Chair in keeping order V" pleaded Mr. MelvUfc. But it was quite vain. Ho might as well hate addressed the winds iu a Samoan hurricane. ,"Mr. Melville, air," screoched the hon. member for Monaro." " Order," remon strated the Chairman. " Chair," re-echoed two dozeu voic'v in every direction. " I object to the division I I insist upon my right to spe&," continued Mr. Harold Stephen. And ao amidst general laughter aud the utmost diversity of cries, including the reiterated reuonstranccs of the Chairman, the hon. member bobbed up and down like a veritable " Jack in . the box," with the wonted expression of blank snazement stamped on his every feature. At length the amendment was lost by 69 votes to tf, Mr. Walker treating the Houso as the counting proceeded to a musical reference to the Premier u the words "A little innocent baby sitting ull alone." Wearied with hi9 exertions, Mr. Harold Stephen eventu ally fell asleep on the benches, still, however» during the intermissions ot slumber springing to his feet with a ghost of % grievance against the Chair. Notwithstanding this, however, the bill passed through committet j 