CRUMBS. More rates in the Noith-Eaat. Duke of Edinburgh fast recovering. The liero of yesterday is hissed to-day. King Parnell almost ready to abdicate. The unorowned King confesses to lying, Bulgaria ia not to be got at by the Bear. Sir Richard Webster has scored a point. The Czar to be crowned King of Poland. General Donnes fined by the War Offioe, The Governor makes a capital Chairman. Russian conspiracy suapeoted in Armenia. The hero of Trafalgar-square in gaol again. There is no subsisting strike at the Register offioe. Is Radical Joe turning tail on Disestablish ment ? Some ngly facts wormed out of Parnell the 8ilent Mr. Paxnell'a cross-examination is very severe. Another Home Bute M.P. Bhat up for three months. Sir Thomas Elder has spent £5,000 on his new stud. _ Mr. Henniker Heaton has a ghost, so has Mr. Dillon, Troops leaving Ireland-agitation getting played oat. The master printers have scored a viotory at Brisbane. Sir Charles DilkeBeeklng eleotion for House of Commons. More black facta coming ont of the Webster Confessional. Increase of Savings Bank deposits for Aprilt £7,80013s. 9cL Parnell the Silent again explains that Pisotty story. One of the biggest frauds of the age-Ex hibition Juries, Government House a new exponent of women's rights. Penny wise and pound foolish policy in the Lands Titles Offioe. "Russia to seiae Constantinople"-when she gets the ohance. At what point does lying become justifiable or cease to be lying ? Farnell'a confessions almost as sensational as Pigott's assertions. Compulsory education between 6 and 14 proposed for Austria 1 Parliamentary visit to Renm&rk; and Mil dura on the 27th inBt. Adcock's petition diamiBBed, and insolvent has gone back to gaoL The Times ia trying to squash home role for Western Australia* Claims of Samoan land-grubben exoeed total area of the Island. How many more defalcations are to be die covered against Woods? John Dillon won't believe that friend Parnell oould tell a story. Agricultural Bureau want oity ohildren to plant Government Farm. Worst form of intemperance has interven ing periods of teetotaliem. That wicked son-in-law wrote that he pre ferred death to dishonour. One of the proprietors of the Times in gaol under the Crimea Act. The Crutnbman wants to see Mayor Shaw's " paper on sanitation." Poor old Dr. Hannay fears that wine pro duction will be the death of us, Moorak potato land let for 10 months at from £117s. 6d. to £310s. per acre. Land League accounts to be audited e&me; time as the Dan O'Connell riot-roll. French polioe tried to tak' the breeks aff a Hielanman at the Paris Exhibition. New Zealand's representative nearly bundled out of the PariB Exhibition. Our Rowley should have been in Paris on Monday with his Parhz vou* Franfais. All London cablegrams are not to be trusted unless they favour Home Rule. Of oonrse nobody would aocuse John Dillon of attempting: to poison public opinion. Delegate Dillon evidently believes that all Pressmen are like his oountryman Pigott. Thanks to the Upper House South Aus tralia has soored.atrainBt the other oolonies. A few more ologiea and fads and life will not be worth living to a State- school child. The expenses of men charged with serious crimes were personally paid by Mr. Parnell, Poor W, E; Adcook cannot get pity or protection as an ili-usod or " foreigner man." New Zealand Sir Dillon defied the whole force of the French police to lay a hand on him. Is W. E. Adcock'a new novel to be another version of" For the Term of His Natural Life ?" A Stonehaven Free Kirk parson declares promiscuous dancing to be a device of Auld Clootie. Sir Charles Dilke's imagination being heavily drawn upon ia talking about the colonies. Our new Chinese Aot finds more approval than other restrictive measures passed in Australia. It takes the effervescent Alphabetical six months to bubble up a reply to an influential deputation. Mr. Justice Boucaut on Adcook-"A vehement suspicion" of fraud in insolvent's transactions. "A social oalm is now likely to desoend upon the faae of Irish society," quoth Secre tary Balfour. "Russia means peace," says the British Ambassador. That's so, provided she gets all she wants. We must all feel deeply indebted to our neighbours for their " magnificent reoeption" of our Mayor. A boy in Tasmania eleven years of age waB trusted with a loaded gun, HiB brother aged fourteen is dead. Public reaction in favour of the Thunderer " within measurable distance,'* thinks our Tory Crumbster. The Earl of Kintore has already found that loyalty to Her MajeBty is not confined to Great Britain. The Bulgarian Premier declares that the people are not to be deluded by specious Russian promises. Could not the Government and the Opposi tion settle all their little differences while at the "irrigation" works? The Thunderer protests against a huge transfer of territory In Western Australia to a mere hBndful of settlers. Parnell says it was not his " duty" to ex clude Fenians or Invinoibles from tne Xi atlonal League. Of conrse not. " A Sooiety to whom its Chief has but to give the word and it ia ready to promptly pitch Parliament into the Seine."' Sir Charles Dilke on the stump again. Tells Britishers what they ought to do- he knows best what's good for them. Are the Australians at the Paris Exhibi tion auch a suspicions lot that the polioe Bhonld order them to " move on" ? Bathurst burr all about the suburbs and along the railway line to Gawler-whose dnty is it to see to its eradication ? Who was that distinguished Australian threatened with ejection from tbe Paris Ex hibition while without his breeka ? A mushroom measuring 10 inohes by 9 inohes and weighing 1 lb. 6 oz. gathered at Port Elliot by Mr. J. O. Croncher. A dreadful carnage took place at Madrid between the French troops, under Marat, and tfae armed citizens, May 2,1808. "SwartDB of poisoners of public opinion about-bat not Including John Dillon and his oo-agitators," That's a " Primrose" man. While Australians so strongly denounce Injustice to Ireland, let them not tolerate it on their own land towards even Chinamen. "A pair of Irish patriot's breekB oat np Into bits and sold wonld realize more than a dozen orations." 1'hat's oar old Tory's joke. The Princess Charlotte of Wales, "Eng. land's hope," was married to Prince .Leopold of Saxe Coburg, Carlton Palace, May 2,1816 Don Pedro, Emperor of Brazil, formally abdicated the throne of Portugal in favour of his daughter, Donna Maria da Gloria, May 2, 1826. Battle of Lntzen May 2, 1813. In this engagement the French, under Bonaparte, defeated the combined forces of Prussia ana Bussia. "London newsagents and colonial oorres pondents falsify news to poison publio opinion against the Irish cause," John Dillon's belief, Oui bono T ? A special train to oarry sohool children into the hills to stiok a few trees into holes already dug by working men t Bah I That's Cymo, King Menelek, of Shoa, who has suooeeded King John of Abyssinia, can put 80,000 men in the field armed with gans and lanoes, and make bis own gunpowder. James L of England arrived at the Char tereuse May 7, 1606. During hiB progress from Brnaswiok he created no fewer than 236 knights in as many days. Archbishop Walsh now coming to his senses-proposes arbitration for settlement of landlord and tenant disputes. The sting of the Unionist is in this crumb; Captain BOSB sailed from Shetland, May 3, 1818> in the Isabella on his first Arctio Expe dition in searoh of the problematical north west passage which he didn't find. "The attempt of honest Protestants to build up a common system of religious edu cation recalls the hope that inspired the men of BabeL" Thns Bishop O'Reifiy. Solomon Geenor, the famous Swiss poet and miscellaneous writer, died May 6, 178L. Though he was the author of " The Death of Abel," he did not deserve tbe oane. "When England was at war and beaten to her knees, then would come Ireland's chance."' ThuB Parnell, when his memory [ was good, says our irrepressible Tory. i The city of Borne was taken after a despe [ rate reBistanoe, and plundered by the French under the Constable de Bourbon, who was killed in soaling the walls, May 6,1527. Major Freeling left Adelaide, May 3, 1860, as agent for South Australia at the Snowy River B^gtogs, N.S.W. Many of our readers will remember that gigantio hoax. Sydney Churoh Congress supports moral suasion, and by legislative enactment checking the sale of adultorated lienors reducing public-houses, and abolishing bar maids. " Ireland would not be satisfied until she had destroyed the last link that bound her to England." Parnell's memory is not good enough to reoall the fact of his having used the words or not. The Ex-Emperor Napoleon landed at Elba May 4,1814, just 30 days after his abdication, having previously suffered a crushing defeat with the Iosb of more than 60,000 men at the Battle of Leipzie. Well-to-do young men lose a few boats (luxuries) by floodB; result-more and better boats by publio subscription. Poor gardeners lose their soil and produce (livelihood) by floods j result-shrug of the shoulder. Louis XIII. of France died May 4, 1613, aged 42. He was a king when nine years old, was married at the age of 14 to Anne of Austria, daughter of Phillip III. of Spain, became a father at the age of37, and a corpse when baby was five years old. "Loyalty to Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen extends and surges round her throne from every part of the world where the British ensign waved or where the British language is spoken." What about the United States, yonr Exoellenoy ? The invention of the cross, May 3. Our historical Crnmbman Bays the Festival of Hold-rood Day observed by the Latin, Greek, and English Chnrohes commemorates the discovery (invention) by the Empress Helena, in the year 326, of the oroBS npon whioh oar Lord was crucified. The subjoined is a copy of a letter reoently received by a suburban Municipal Council "Please sr, I wish To draw your Atten tion To The way The water is conveyed of off Hardey Bt., witch oauBes It To Lay on my Primises Hooping you will Take further Proseddings. I Am yours Truly." The beautiful and accomplished but ill fated Mary, .Queen of Soots, surprised the nation, and Btruok terror to the heart of Elizabeth, "her well-beloved sister," by escaping from her imprisonment in the CaBtle of Loch Leven, May 2, 1568, and raising a large army to assert her regal claims. Nioolo Piocini, a famous Italian musio&l; composer, died at Paasy, 1800, aged 72 years, A hnndred years ago he divided the honours with Gliiok rt Paris ; bnt the latter had the odd trick of obtaining a pension from the French Government in recognition of his skill, which the former w(h)ist not of. Seringapatam, the oapital of Mysore, was stormed and taken by the British under General Baird, May 4, 1799. The fortifica tions were oi great strength, but the tre mendous storm of shot and shell poured in npon them shattered tliem to shivers, and Tippo-Saib fell while bravely fighting on tbe ramparts. Sir Arthur Wellesley, " the Iron Duke," and hero of Waterloo, was born at Dungan Castle, Dublin, May 1. 176!), the same year that gave birth to Napoleon Buonaparte, Marshal Sonlt, Chateaubriand, and Hum boldt; and he managed to outlive them all exoept Humboldt, who followed suit at the respectable age of ninety. A method of bleaching bones and giving them an appearance of ivory has been dis covered in Europe. To remove the fat the bones are digested with ether or benzine. They are then dried and immersed iu a solution of phosphorous acid in water, whioh contains 1 per cent, of phosphorio anhydrate. After a few hoars they arerwashed and dried, and the object to aooomplished. Diana of Poitiers, Duchess of Valentlnois, died 1794. And who was this Diana? Well, she was descended from a noble family oi Dauphiny, was married to the Grand Senesohal of Normanby, was left a widow at the age of 31, beoame the mistress and pretty well tne master of Henry n. of France, and after his death founded a charitable institution for the support of poor widows. The decrees of the famous Synod of Dort were publioly read, and the Counoil was dis solved, May 1,1619. The Counoil consisted of delegates from all the reformed Churches of Europe to settle the difiierenoe between tbe doctrines of Calvin, Luther, and Armius. The Counoil, after six months'deliberation, declared the Arminians (who were not per | mitted to sit at the Board) to be guilty of pestilential heresies. Richard, Duke of Gloucester, nftertfiria Uicoard III., arreted my Lords Rivera aid Grey, April 30, 1185, and committed them to the Tower: "They uSthal whet me To be revengM on Btvere, Vaugban, Gre»: Bat then I sivh, and with a piece of Scripture Tell them that Clod bids me do good for evil: And tbuB 1 rli.the my naked liUanv With old odd ends, stolen forttt <rom holy writ* And seem a aiint when most I play the devil." -Richard III. Meyerbeer, the illustrious masiaal com poser, died at Paris May2, ISB4. aged seventy. He vrftB the BOD of a wealthy Jewish banker of Berlin, a schoolfellow of Carl Maria von Weber, and the author ot " Semiramide," " Robert le Diable," " Le Frophbte," " lies Huguenots," and some other operas, whieh perhaps are as much admired to-do; by the musical connoisseur as they were when they first awoke the slumbering echoes of applause in the principal opera houses of Europe. George Washington was Inaugurated Presi dent of the United States. April 80, 1789, just as the breaking *ont ot the Frenoh Re volution afforded young Napoleon Buona parte an opportunity for working oat his ambitious designs, " Over this age the night will indeed gather more and more as time rolls away, but in that night two forms will appear-Washington and Napoleon-the one a lurid meteor; the other, a benign, serene, and undying star." Bight you are. Dr. Changing. Otho the Great, Emperor of Germany, died May 7, 973, aged 50: As a warrior be carried everything before him; goodness knows even his very nose.- His many con quests included the defeat of the army of Kioephorus Phooas, Emperor of the East: and having baibarously out off the noses of his Drisonera he sent them (the noseleBi oneB) to Constantinople. " Bollen, vindictive, most crnel, and base. To the nations a scourge and a stain to hfe race,. Detested he lived, and detested be died., For, though brave, he possessed' not a-virtus beside." Catherine II., Empress of Russia, was bom I MayS, 1733. She was the daughter of Prinoe | Anhalt-Zerbst, and was named Sophia Augusta, bot when at the age of sixteen she was united in the holy bonds of matrimony to the Grand Date, afterwards Peter IIL she was rebaptised Catherine Alexiervna, Curiously enough, soon after her discovery of the intention of her imperial husband to dis inherit her son and divorce her whom be had sworn " to lore and to ohertah" he was him self strangled, and Catherine 1L reigned in - his stead. The memorable Battle of Prague, in which the Austrians were slaughtered wholesale by the Prussians under Frederiok the Gteat, was fouRht May 6, 1757. That Frenoh biographer writes of this extraordinary man:-" Quoique s£v&re;, 1' amour de la justice envers sea su.iets pr£dominait dans eon esprit, et il ohtSroha k leur accorder toutes les faveura ui (Staient compatibles aveo un governement despotique, Voltaire, qui ie oonnaissait bein, a peint son caracttre en trois mots, en le oomparant i du marbre dur et poli. Handel, the illustrious masioal composer, died on Good Friday, April 13, 1759. He exoelled in every kind of composition, and though .his style has in some respects become obsolete, the sublimity of hiB aacred choruses has perbapB never ' been equalled. His original manuscripts are in the Queen's library, and consist of 82 Urge folio volumes. Thsy include 20 oratorios, 60 operas, 8 volumes of anthems, &o.;, &o;, On the oentenarv of his death the first triennial Handel Festival was held in the Sydenham Crystal Palace upon a scale of magnificence never before attempted upon this tiny planet we call Earth. John Dryden died May 1. 1700, aged G9. He waB the erandBon of an Knglish baronet, but he couldn't help that, and was none the worse for it. But then he married the eldest daughter of the Earl of Berkshire, whish he might, and should have avoided, as by doing bo he caught a Tartar. . In 1688 he was ap pointed poet laureate and historiographer royal, with a salary of £200 a year and a bntt of wine. Soon after this he was favoured with a cudgelling for having wounded the vanity of the Duchess of Portsmouth, one of the mistresses of Charles II,, by a jsu d'esprit. Sir Walter Soott says:-''Hie clean and trenchant blade never makes a thrust in vain, and never strikeB but in a vulnerable part." His translation of V irgil was published in 1695, vhick Pope pronounoed to be " the most noble and spirited translation in any language." Elizabeth Barton, "the Holy Maid of Kent," *ud five Catholic prieBtB were eze cuted at Tyburn, April 20, 1531. She affirmed that she was divinely commissioned to denounce the heresies of the reformers. During .the negotiations for the divoroe of Henry VIII. from Catherine of Arragon she iB reported to have said in a tranos tljat " should the King proceed with the divorce, he should not be a king a month longer, and, in the reputation of Almighty God, not one hour longer, but should die a villain's death." Other denunciations still more menacing fol lowed. These led to the arrest oi herself and coadjutors, who were tried, condemned, and exeouted for high treason. Though Elizabeth Barton was but a peasant's daughter, Barto&r; terrace. North Adelaide, was named after her-yes, 300 years after. There were strange doings by the fanatics of France 200 or 300 years ago. Here is an instance: Marohal d'Anore was shot April 21,1617. He was a Florentine, and aocompa nied Mary de Medici, the wife of Henry IV. of France, from Florence to Paris. After the death of Henry he abused the influenoe he bad gained over the Queen eo muoh that when her son .Louie Vlll, became old enough to sot for himself, he procured the assassi nation of the Marshal. The body was buried the same night in a Churoh near the Court, but the next morning the lacqueys and pages broke open the grave, tore the ooffin to pieoes. ripped open the winding-sheet, and tied the body to the tail of an ass, and so dragged it through the streetB of Paris. His wife was burnt to death as a soroeress the same year. ? Tbe Judges demanded ot ber by what arts she had gained an asoendency over tbe Queen, to which she made the memorable reply*" My only sorcery has been the influenoe of a strong mind over a weak one." 