“ >K’»vnA.iismitK, cisnoaxE, asd 3UCEBOS ADVOCATE.” FRIDAY, HAY 3-. LAWYER’S LICENSE. Day after day the reading public are afforded evidence of the fact that undue license is allowed members of the Bar, • both in examining and pleading, and it is high time some steps were taken to protect litigants and witnesses from the altogether unjustifiable badgering and insult to which they are too often sub jected by some wearers of-the long robe. Judges of the.. Supreme Court rarely check prominent barristers who err in this direction, although ever ready to snub and “ cover with confusion ” an un fortunate witness, who, badgered beyond endurance, is tempted to retort. That this should not ,lie tip) • qase we with all .respect contend, and occupants of the Bench do not add to their reputa tion for fearless impartiality by permit ting it., • It is not an uncommon thing in the Melbourne Supreme Courts for Mr. Purves, Q.C., for instance, to not only browbeat, but to insult, witnesses and parties to suits, but it is most de cidedly an uncommon occurrence for a Judge to check him. We arc second to no one in our estimation of Mr Purves as a barrister—there is cer tainly not a cleverer pleader at the Victorian Bar—but the' fact that we hold that high opinion of him does not prevent us from saying that he is, to our thinking, frequently allowed undue license, and that ho takes advantage of it to the fullest and most reprehensible extent. We will quote an instance. On Friday last Mr Purves, if he is cor rectly reported in the1 Herald, indulged his vein of sarcastic humor at the ex pense of his good taste.- In the Second Nisi. Prius Court one Edward Price was proceeding against Frederick James Loudin, proprietor' of the Fisk Jubilee Singers (who have just-concluded a re markably successful tour of the colonies), .for the recovery of'a sum of money alleged to be due for services rendered. It should be mentioned that Mr. Loudin is a colored man, but is quite as in telligent and as well educated as the majority of his white brethren. Wo append' some of’ Mr. Purves’- remarks in_opening the case 'for the plaintiff:— I He imagined they were simply a band of singers who had come here to teach us how to “ Steal away to Jesus," and to touch our hearts, in the same wv.v that they touched the .hearts of Q.uceu Victoria, the lsmpfess of Austria, the King of the Netherlands, and other great people in* Kurope. - And ’ he imagined they were comingout herca devoted band to'collect monoy for the support of this University, and that ylien they had com pleted their crusade they would, go back to their University and be doctors and doctre.'Se, -or-amgmg, uiip .T.rjey-svoui.i i« -ncicuuica with'open arms by the professors, as having come back from a crusade to the Antipodes. But all those ideas had been dispelled, for he found they.were not, Apostle: of Jesus, and did not care two brass.fartliings whether their audiences found their Way to Jesus or any where else. If the defendant was one of a band of eleven emancipated slaves, some gentleman from the Holy Land must have been in the States where the defendant’s mother lived, for he seemed to have blood in him that would render him a good financier. We draw special attention to the last sentence, containing the innuendo as to bastardy, and ask, Does it redound to the credit of the barrister who uttered it ? Is it right that a man (whether white or colored) should be so insulted simply because be is a party to an action at law ? And did his Honour do justice to his position and the defendant by permitting the remark to pass, unrebuked ? We answer our .own interrogations, and, with all due deference alike, to Bench and Bar, we answer in the negative. Tenders close torinorrow for.. work in the Campaspe Biding. . A horse, dray, and harness, are advertised for sale ia.our advertisement columns. The first football match of the season will be Woodendv. Hesket, to be played at the latter place to4uorrow week, \- The skaters were gliding over the floor of the Mechanics’ Institute on Tue'sday evening, but the attendance was very limited. The President of the Shire has re-, ceived a communication from the Secre tary of the Lancefield Railway League, notifying that the Hon. Minister of Railways will receive- the deputation re Lancefield-Woodend line at his office-on Wednesday, May 28th, at noon, and requesting the President to make arrangements for the deputation from Woodend to join the Lancefield deputa tion at the Bull Hotel, Bourke-street, on the. day-unenttoncdir.i-' There .was a big hunt for a J.P. on Wednesday to adjudicate in a case of insulting behaviour, which was brought before the Court. .After, about an hour’s search the “pecessary article,’’, was procured to, the great' relief of those persons interested in.,..the case. Now that Mr Gibbs has , left the district, new Justices are required, and it would be a good idea, to place;.the Clerk, of Petty Sessions on the roll, as lie would always be at hand when wanted. ■ MrHenrie Howard ^Christian (son of Mr W. D.. Christian,; Shire President) will be-married to Miss. Annie Coop (only daughter of .Mr*,.J.. Coop) .next Thursday afternoon at..2,L5 o’clock, . at St Mary’s Church,. Woodend.. • . Two- gentlemen • from Hesket were making a house to house canvass yester day with the object of seeming names to a petition in favour of the Rornsey route to Woodend in preference to the Lance-., field one. Several residents signed the petition. •- Tho usual fortnigliti; meeting of the Manchester Unity Lofl;0 6f Oddfellows will be held on Mondsi] night. Gar attention, has jleen drawn to a couple of posts sticking up on each side of the road at the foot of Collier- street, opposite the Court H*usc. A gentle man informs us that as he was walking home a few evenings a;o in the dark he had a narrow escipe from being “staked.*’ We belieie the posts-.were put on ;the road witl the object of keeping vehicles olf the footpath. Some individual was driving a mob of frisky cattle- on Wednesday evening along the Mount Alexander Road en route for the Ivyneton fair, and as the night was as “ dark n3 pitch,” it was rather awkward for pedestrians who happened to be walking in that direction. An inquiry has been held to investi gate the cause of the collisiou that occurred at the Woodend Railway station between two trains that took place about three weeks ago, but as yet the result lias not transpired. Owners of greyhounds in Woodend and the surrounding districts should take notice of the following:—Grey hounds which were not puppies within ..one mohlll-" Of' Vvlibijiirfg with the National Coursing' Club "must be regis tered as all-aged dogs on or before the 1st of June, otherwise they will not be allowed to compete for any stakes run under the above club’s rules during the season. The colour of the dog, date of whelping, and names of sire and dam must be forwarded together with the registration fee of two shillings and sixpence.” What about the Woodend Post Office ? Tenders were called some months back for the use of suitable premises for a Post Office, and it was understood, that Mrs Dyke's drapery shop was to be leased for that purpose, but since then nothing further has been heard. Something should certainly be done in the matter to secure for the township a suitable building to transact the postal business in. It was in Woodend. The sun had just faded from view, and left its de parting reflection on Mount Macedon. He had evidently been in some great battle, and perhaps like. Lord Nelson, in- gloriously preserving the honour and fame of his country, lost the use of one of his optics. There seemed to be a troubled look about his weather-beaten visage as if some great affliction had overcome him—perhaps he had lost his only child, or found a mother-in-law. He knocked timidly at the Star office. We opened the door and invited him to state his trouble. . But be seemed too much overcome., Putting out his -tongue to its fullest extent, and screwing up lii'S remaining eytj, he stared1 at us.1 We felt nervous, because we. had' read of these strange things before. At last, after a great struggle, lie managed to blurt out:—“ I’ve b-u,-r-i-e-d J——E’s di-o-g—put it in.tbij.gr.vm” He left. At a banquet in his honour at Tatur'a last, night,' 'the Premier con tended .that, there wag.no great question1 before the public which thb present Government could- ’’ not deal with or which necessitated'1‘a. return to govern ment oil ■ the old party lines: nor did he think there was any prospect of such a question arising and those who asked for a change desired strife simply for the1 sake of strife. The Government ex pected to see good work done in the next Parliament, aud while • full liberty of speech would be accorded to all care would be taken that, it was not allowed to degenerate into unreasonable license. A. railway porter, living in Lanca shire, was in the habit of frequently' getting up in • his sleep, and from his actions it is evident that the daily occupa tion was over present. One night lie jumped up hurriedly, ran down to the kitchen, vigorously opened the oven door and cried out, “Change here for Bol ton. Bury, and Manchester.” A cynical old bachelor, who firmly believes that all women have' something to say on all subjects, recently asked a female friend : ‘ Well, Madam, what do you hold on this question of female suffrage ? ’ To him the lady respon ded calmly : ‘ Sir, I hold my tongue.’ A drove of wolves seen in Russia this winter was estimated to contain 5,000 of the creatures. As the man who estimated was up a tree for soveral hours, it is believed that liis figures are tolerably correct. He said but little, yet as he gazed on tho mutilated edge of his best razor, lie mentally vowed never again to marry a woman with corns. It makes a very stout man feel his stoutness more than ever to yield his seat in a car to a lady and have three of them plump into it and find plenty of room. Mrs Langtry is reported to have invented a style of costume for her performance of Lady Macbeth ill Now York •*! characteristic of the period and yet suprefbly magnificent.” Robes of coarse stuff are worn by her' covered with splendid jewels?,In the banquet scene the ghost ofBahcb appears out of her line of sight,: but 'she-notes its effect’ upon Macbeth, and “throwing her mantle over his quivering form;” gets rid of her guests quickly, though, not with the usual confusion. Aid .no One who pretends to be an actor or an actress in these days can afford to be without a “new reading,” Mrs Langtry has satisfied/hfcrself that “stand not iipon the ordelr of/your going”- does not refer to a pell-mell 'style of exit, but only dispenses with any1 "order of proceed ence in leaving the hall."Again, in deliver ing,' “that which hath made them drunk hath made me bold,” this lady is said to desire to indicate that she has “pledged her guests heartily," -and thus has nerved her self for her cruel purpose.- For the rest, Mrs. Langtry's reading of the character seems to resemble Miss Terry’s so far that it is not what is called “the Siddons. tradition,” but. represents Lady Macbeth as a loving woman hardening her heart to commit crime in order to help her hus band. A. Reeves, a young man of Memphis, Tenn: who had for some time been suffering from a mental trouble, stabbed and killed Father Aslifield, a Catholic priest, early' Monday morning. He said that Father Ashfield was1 his best friend, and as he wns going away he wanted the priest to join him. 