POLITICAL SITUATION. THE PARRAMATTA ELECTION. HOW MR. JOHN MEEKS BECAME < A FREE-TRADER. PROTEST AGAINST GERMAN LABOR. THE FREE-TRADE WORK HOUSE. THE ENGLISH MECHANIC. SUPERSEDED BY GERMAN LABOR. "THE RICH RICHER, AND THE POOR POORER. SOUTH AFRICAN MAIZE. A LESSON FOR OUR FARMERS. J us-r before the nomination for tlie Glebo Mr, John Meeks, who has now announced Liniself as a Free-trade candidate for Glen Znnee, waited upon Mr. DibbB in hia room in the Colonial Secretary's office. The Minister for Lands (Mr. Lyne), and the Minister for Justice (Mr. Slattery), were also present. Mr. Meeks said " I am come to inform you that I intend going for the Glebe as a Protectionist. I have been a Protectionist all. my life, and 1 shall spend £1000 to win a seat for Protection at the Glebe." Mr. Dibbs said ho was glad to \- find that Mr. Meeks was a Protec tionist; but, " Look here, Dibbs," said Meeks, "if I should lo3e at the Glebe fighting in the interest of Protection, I suppose you will give me a seat in the "Upper House." Mr. Dibbs rose from bis ieatand told Mr. Meeks that seate in the . Upper House could not be given away in \- the manner requested. Mr. Meeks imme diately left the room, and in a few days . announced himself as a Free-trader ! ! I . Have the Free-traders now promised John \- Meeks the seat in the Legislative Council if he should fail at - Glen Innes? Fancy , Meeks a member of the Upper Chamber, ! Bah! whatever did lie do when he was in theLoSvcf? Yes, he voted for, ad valorem " duties. " . As soon as Parliament was prorogued Mr. Hugh Taylor, who is huh., announced as. a stdnnclii Free-trader, informed Mr. \- Bibbs that all his life he had been a thorough Protectionist, and said that it would bo unfair on the part of . the ! Government to send a Protectionist can didate to oppose him. Mr. Dibbs, how ever, knew "Hughey" too well to trust him. He forced Hughey 'b hand, and made hiu» 1 declare himself a Free-trader. .In conse quence of that declaration Mr. Charles rues came- forward in the Protectionist; ' ' iuit ioy.i, and poor; '' .Hugliey ". has been iei'.Vi red..', i- - -are, all-too -familiar ivibh. the story C-hr -'/corkscrew to bayonets ; and 'swords "i'S.'faii tod 'to'" cut;" butter; but useless for, v'r prbpeie,.; purpose , (says -a, London J v n fccoxding-, to Mr. Stanhope, the .Vv>>b< iswcfd'-makfug'. has almost died out. MvWiA'jutandfhe.tpld'.tim.ibusoA ' athe .vhad - refused .» ',ri,ir;u'act;'i!ihf,iGermany, ;and .'placed it in! Ei (.j!ahd 'at'a' ihigherS-pricei'in order to re-'i v i'vi!"this!';in'dus;cry.i;' /'Uijlucktly, t, there 'ia; i.i;tfchr-ae' to'j , story.l, ;It, Is .alleged-, tii-.c "iMessrsii Wilkinson, who got ' a: 1 c. ii tract, for "'jO.OOO.' bay oncts, are .' unable ; -W'cxecuteHiv! a; biigg'er- mugger. . arrttu ihment with a- German Aim.jn Solingpn. Certain is is- -that a number -of German workmen have been imported by this' firm, arid that thoi Enghsh. workmfeu at, Enfield have been placed on short commons. Mr; Stanhope; says the German workmen are aoou going home, after phey hiive, imparted their ekiil1; to the English workmen. . We ahalt see. - I shall keep my eye on you; Mr. Stari- hope. Parkes, Wise, M'MiUan, and company have been endeavoring to sustain the fad ing hopes of Free-traders by stating that there will be a majority of 20 to 30 in favor of Foreign-trade. Their statements on. this point are as reckless as those made about the industrial position of Victoria and New South Wales, and when these statements are borne in mind we wonder how they di'd not chum a majority of 70 or SO. There is e very reason to believe that the elections to-day will be somewhat m their favor, but it ie equally certain that the elections to come oil' on the 13th and 16th will be largely in favor of the '.-Pro tectionists, and give thorn a majority. . . , Great indignation has been caused; says a London paper, among the operatives En gaged at the Small Arms Factory, Enfield, at the statement recently made in the House of Commons by -Mr. Stanhope, the Secretary for War, that it had been' found- necessary to bring over German labor from Soling en to forge the swords ordered, by the Government from Messrs, Wilkinson and Co., because English workmen re quited to be rctnuglit the art. Itis. stated that there are a large number of skilled r word forgers already in England, whose only fault ia that they will not work at what are described as " starvation wages," which the Germans are ready and even eager to accept. The men.also- statu tliat, bo far from the. Germans being- sent back to their homes as indicated by Mr. Stan hope, they are steadily superseding Englishmen in the various branches of s'worcL manufacture, because of their willingness to work at a. small wage.' Mr.G, H. Keid, speaking at Campbell- town the other night, fold his audience, that in America the poor were poorer and the rich richer than anywhere el3e in the world. From this Mr. Eeid wishes us to i&fer; 1$a£. 'if,1 Aawrij fend tfw- conditions of the classes would be more equalised, that the poor would become more comfortable, and the rich Ices wealthy. Now, England has Free-trade. Her people, according to Mr. Reid, should not bo divided into the extremes of wealth and poverty. Now, what is the fact ? Here are two extracts, clipped from tho samo London newspaper, and after reading them we would humbly ask any sane man if Free-trade has done for England the good which Mr. Beid claims for it. Let tho extracts speak for themsolves : — Tho loug-oxpooted report On the chain and nail trades in tho Black C o n n t r y, anxiously waited and watched for, by Mr. John Burnott, tho' labor correspondent of tho Board of Trado, has now boon isBUod. How low somo in the chain-making indus try have sunk is seon by tho fact that one woman deolnros that if sho worked all the week she could only make -Is. As a rule, ebainmakers work 12 or 14 hours every day, and hard work it is both for man, woman, and child. Some of the employers, as well as tho loaders of the men, have tried to lift them to a bettor con dition of things, but altogether without success. Female labor is tho stumbling block to progress. Although the workers them selves complain of it, Mr. Bnrnett declares that anyone who ad vocated tho immedi ate abolition of female ' labor would have a rough time of it in tho Black Country. An oth er point 1 rovgly marked is the over- crowded condition of the hdmr market, ic/i encourages anil fouler sweating. In fact, so strong aro tho facts, Mr. Burnett eeoms, like other in quirers, to have been appalled and para lysed by what he saw, for the only remedies snggoBted aro the registration of work shops, incroasod in spection, uniform hours, and tho more rigid enforcement of tho Truck Act3. All this goes but. alittlo way — merely scratches the sarfaco, indoed — of as deeply rootod an evil as could at any time bo found in any departmont of labor. Tho viands pro vided for tho Lord Mayor's banquet in cluded 700 quarts of turtle soup (thiok aud clear), two tnrbots (only supplied to a small portion of tho guests),- 100 turkeys. 250 fowls, -10 hams, 40 tongues, 200 dishes of gamo, consisting of partridges, pheasants, and plovers ; 40 gamo and pigeon pies, 12 quarters lamb, 10 sirloins and two barons, of beef, tho latter sorvad cold, and out by carvers on high Btands in the Guildhall. In addi tion to theso wore 200 dislios of jellies and croam, 300 dishes moranguas, French pastry, Ac., 200 fruit tarts, and 350 ioos. Tho dossert included 50 pitio apples, 20 melons, 2501b grapes, 240 dishos apples, pears, -to., and sundry other dishes. Nuts were avoided, as thair cracking disturbs the oratory. Tho wine consumed amounted to about GO dozen champagne, with a few dozen of sherry, hook, and claret, not above 20 dozen in all. Tho wine account, it is fair to say, covers soveral luncheons and dinners of tho Lord Mayor and Sheriffs' committeo, who have tho direction of the arrangements. Thero ' wore nearly 800 gnostB prosout, and a large number of servants dined ontside the hall. In nocordance with the usual custom, everything remain ing was distributed among poor aud dt-i serving persons known to the mem; bers of the com mittee, and tills year 130 families have been made' happy by the very substantial " scraps " left on tho Lord Mayor's table. The Co-operative Congress which met in England not long since went back on Free-trade principles in a most remarkable fashion. One of the leading speakers said:— "We are now making an attempt to free ourselves from the clutches of com petition, and to establish ourselves on such a firm foundation that we can honestly un dertake work, honestly carry out work, and get honestly paid for, our work, so that a good day 's work shall receive a fair day's pay." A few years ago such language as this would have been regarded as treason to tho English Constitution. As it is, to Bpeak of sacred competition in so disre spectful a manner mnst profoundly shock the members of the Cobden Club, who still hold that no evil -effects can result from foreign competition. < ; The -country gentry who controlled the .conference of poor- law guardians at Exeter Hall recently, says a London paper, made . a grand demonstration against the system of granting outdoor relief to the poor. This 'is only what is to bo expected. The Tory party; and the Whigs and doctrinaire Liberals who sympathise with them have only one remedy for the sad condition of; "the laboring class. It is to make the poor', man pay for his succor by: subjecting him' to the moral and physical torture of the ; workhouse. .... j The official returns which; show we'; have only one pauper m-' every 11 of our; population are misleading; .says a London - journal, because they take no account of ; ' the dumb suffering million ' who endure j terrible agonies whilo tottering along the; verge without actually falling over the ! precipice of pauperism. ' If more than ouepauperin every 11 ofour population iB the goal for which our Free- .' trado friends are striving in New South Wales, no one can envy them ' their ' ambition. Cojonel Harfcindale, general manager of , the Londonand St. Katherine Hooks, when - examined by the Select Committee of the ' House of Lords, on the sweating system, said . — " Ho thought the picture drawn by one of the witnesses as to the terrible crush at tne dock gates, when men were climbing over one another's heads and shoulders, some being severely injured, was not greatly overdrawn. He could suggest no remedy. It was brought about by the enormous number of persons ssek ing employment. The same witness had stated that pr'zo-lighters were em ployed to bully the men. If that had been the case, the men would soon have com plained, and he would have heard of it." Colonel Mirtindale, in reply to Lord Derby, said that the pressure at the Lon- -.; don Docks was very ; roiic. 'indeed, I n Adam Smith's-" vireMth-';p.t'Naii(jnf.fV' there, is.:. a' passage, which ..reads thus . " Those who live iu /n-riocher U/Uatry con- ti ib'nte nothing " by tseir : eorisumption towavds th support, of- tbe.-goverriment; of, that country in which is situated the' touree - of -Their- -reyeriuo." Book' V;,''< i -li-.pler 2 'l And yet the Free-traders i-.iiiu-iid that the. people who manufacture f,ot. (is in other countries, and who, of \- -iiirse, do not heipfo support our Govern ment, sh'bulU' be mliowed to place their i inducts in our markets on more favorable ; orn.B than The home producer who does , . help support the Government. The greatest number of patents issued -n any year before the American Civil . war was 4819. Since 18GI the number 1 issued has reached 24,233 in a single year. ; The explanation is simple. The people , wete as ingenious prior to 18G0 as thiy are ; ;o-dny, but there was no incentive to in- i ventiveness. . What was the use of in- . venting a machine when Free trade so : depressed American enterprise that no one : could be induced to use it ? Now when a i rt riseful machine at article of any kind be is sure to derive a proper re ward for his ingenuity. Emboldened by the partial snccoss of the salt corner, a syndicate of ilonr millers, whose operations aro carried on oyer the districts lying between the Humber and the Tweed, have associated all their mills . in one vast concern, and the public will no doubt he asked to assist in subscribing the necessary capital. This is sad, very sad, for Foreign-trade orators in Now South Walos who maintain that there are no monopolies in Foreign-trade countries. Justice and sound policy forbid the Government to foster one branch of industry, such as kerosene, to tho detri ment of another, or to cherish the interests of one portion to the injury of another portion of our common country. Speaking of the chainmekcrs of Cradley Heath (Eng.), Mr, Cunninghame Graham, M.P., said " If labor ennobled men arid woman the people of that district ought to bo the noblest, for be knew of no people who worked longer hours than they did. Tho greatest difficulty was to sell the goods direct to the consumer, and' so get rid of the middlemen, who were tho sweaters." The middloman is a gentleman ' who flourishes in a Free-trade country, and as be must have his pound of flesh . he sweats hia men, and thus deprives them ot' the intermediate prolits which should " fall to the share of labor. ! - The ship Sator arrived in Port Jackson ycsteiday with 3905 - bags, or 15,SG0 bushels, of maize from Natal, South Africa. The cargo is said to bo consigned to tho Sydney Omnibus Co. Naturally the question arises why New South Wales, with an area of over ' 199,000,000 of aores, iB unable to keep itself in maize, and has to import from South Africa, Victoria, and elsewhere. This South African maize trade has established such a footing in New South Wales that within a very little while the already too restricted quantity grown by our own far-1 mera will gradually diminish before the heavy competition. When this cheerful prospect becomes a reality it will be very small satisfaction to our farmers and to the consumers of maize in New South Wales to know that if the home maize- growing industry has perished the money that should have been kept in the country haa gone to South Africa to support the maize growers there, who are fattening on the foolishness of tho people in this couutry. The South African maize-grower does not contribute a solitary penny to the cost of the Govern ment of New South Wales. The New South Wales farmers do contribute, hence the foreigner is protected against the homo producer by the amount of taxes whioh the latter has to .pay. This is what io curiously termed " commercial freedom" by our Foreign-trade orators. The whole thing boiled down simply means (hat somo thousands of pounds of hard cash earned ia Sydney have been sent to South lAfrica to support an opulent farino- and his colored laborers. True, we have got the maize. Yes, but we might also have the money. The unloading of the maize, will, of course, provide employment for wharf laborers, ' but is it not patent that more employment wonld be afforded if - the produce had been grown up north and shipped from some . of our. northern rivers? In that case, the loading of the maize would be' done by our owh labor,;and the cargo earned on board an 'Australian vessel, manned by Australian seamen. - - In. the South African case, it is placed by ILaffirs ou board 'a Norwegian vessel, manned by Norwegian sailors. Then the unloading at the Sydney wharf would.employ just as many bands in one case as the other. These, -however, are but minor .aspects of the question. Our farmers will bo' able to appreciate the main aspect. '-,- The.' Attorney-General; at Farramattn, last night, took'the trouble to show a little of the fieree'light that beato upon election contests into the political morality of Mr-: . Hugh Taylor. . Mr. Taylor had told them that on a certain Sunday afternoon Mr.' Dibbs took the trouble to come, to j Farramatta to try and secure his support.; Now, it happened that on that Sunday Mr. Dibbs' duties imperatively .required his presence in Sydney, and as he was! passing through Farramatta in a buggy,' out of pure good nature, upon accidentally! meeting Mr. Taylor, he asked him to jump; up behind him. Then for the sake of a ; joke he told Mr. Taylor that he was bring- , ing a gentleman to Fariamacta to oppose 1 him at the election. Mr. Taylor seemed ' considerably alarmed, arid replied, " Oh, ; George, don't do it, because you know that next to the old man," (whoever the "old 1 man" might be) " I love you best of all. - I would put my head along a tramline to please the old man, and I'd do it next to pleaseyou." This was very good fun for tbe Premier, who has a very keen .ear tor a joke, and he desired to ; carry tho joke a little further. " Oh;: it won't do1 forme Co be sooond," ' he said. I -.waut somebody who will srippoi't iny policy;, that is. the kind of gentlemauI .iyaut to' put up." Then M'r. Taylor replied, , 'i. You ought, riot to do any- 1 liiiig of '.the kind,' George, for you know I have all miy life -been a Protectionist." ";This was"; the man," 'added. Mr. il.irton, ' whd.lnuVsaVci thac Mi-. DibbB wanted to ' aquare' him.",' The narrution of the ill- oideut caused slifieks of laughter,; : " The.Parkesite .which ia! nothing; if ' uotiucocsiatunt, Bays that all devices and dodges' liave ! failed '.to' preycrif the pre- ; .Put, ! --election',..-!) contest. . .. from; : being u. thoroughly 5 V'stottightt'drward. light between /''Ftoii-trad'e arid . Protection. , And ,tbi6 is all 'the value; it attaches to'its attempt to raise (ihe ghost of sectarianism. \- Bdt it's fi's well we haired the admission .that lie attempt was a " device" and ,a : dodge although; of'opiu'Dp,;mpst.pepplo : know it beforel' "" ""I-!-...-, .("Protection," said'Sirenreo. at Dribbo, : " wasadevice'andasriafe whichhadbeeriin- troduced by the most inferior men amongst ! us." This explains the. reason why he i attempted to introduce it himself 20 years' ago. ! You hear strange things when you go go out without your gun. Hugh Taylor was the man who fought to the Inst against the Public Instruction Act! Arid Dibbs, ' by thejj way, was among the first -to raise the cry for nnsectarian education. 'Parkes supported denominational eda- cation until his cause,, became hopeless, pud then ho turned round, adopted tho views of his opponents, and passed the present Act through Parliament, which was drafted by tho late James Green wood. Camitelltown, This Day. Great excitement prevails here, and the Free-traders aro greatly agitated regard- . ng their chance. The town is full of people. Swansea, This Day . Mr. It. Stevenson's representatives, . Messrs. Chapman and Waters, accom panied by Mr. I-Iassall, M.L.A. for Gwydir, met with a splendid reception here. Mr. It. F. Talbot occupied tho chair. _ Mr. Hassall championed tho Protectionist cauBe like a true honest Australian patriot, severely castigating the late Government. Messrs. Chapman and Waters also spoke at considerable length. A vote of con fidence was unanimously accorded Mr. Stevenson. Guen Innes, This Day. In the interest of the cause of Protec tion Mr. Hutchison, in a letter to Messrs. Wright and Fergusson, stated his willing ness to cast lots with them and to decide who would retire, and if himself were left out, ho would uso his best influence to see them returned. They declined. Hutchi son's patriotic conduct has made his elec tion certain, and he should command . Ministerial support. Cowua, This Day. The Hon W. J. Lyne addressed a well attended meeting here nt.2 o'clock yester day afternoon at the Centennial Hall in' support of the Protectionist candidates, , MeBsrs. ' Donnelly arid Frotnliri. Ho re- . ceived.an' attentive hearing, and 'his-souuil ; practical discourse created a most favorable , impression' on his auditors. The Miuistc'r left for Young by the -1- o'clock train to , address a meeting .there in support of the Protectionist candidate?, and, if . possible, . to induce 'Mr. Miller to retire from the . contest; so aB to prevent the splitting up of tbe Protectionist votes. During his , stay here Mr. Lyne visited the 'principal public buildings, and expressed his plea sure at. the appearance of the town. Several local requirements wero brought under his notice, and he promised to give them consideration. ' ' ' Bath'ubbt. .This Day. ; Mr. W. P. Crick is. holding most suq- cesEfnl meetings everywhere. His return is regarded as a certainty. Mr. 'B. 11. Wise, the rejected of South Sydney, is now trot ting along, offering his threadbare plati tudes, but so far bus small and influential support seems to be his. To-morrow night he and Sir Henry Parkes speak in the School of Arts Hall, and the usual " ad- mission by ticket" (to pack the meeting) is being resorted to. Poor ' Sir Henry 1 Poor Mr. Wise ! Poor Foreign-trade cause 1 ' paralysed, unfortunately, yet dragging out a lingering existence The Hon. F. B. Suttor is travelling through the electorate of East Macquane, and addressing the electors at the various places. He is meeting with splendid sup port, end there seems to be but small doubt that he will be returned. The farming community in these parts know too well the result of a Free-trade policy, which has had but the one effect — that of reducing them to the level of slaves. They know that the only remedy for the existing b id stste of things is a duty on imported pro- . ducts, and they will have no candidate who offers them anything short of this. 