HE RODE TO WIN. ' I did not know you had so much poetry in your composition,' observed Mrs. Anstmlher languidly. Leila ilars&en; arranged the delicate lace at her wrist wiUi an air of abstraction. ' He is very goud-laokiiig and he rides splendidly,' die sain, • ;ind he—er—he Qoes love me to distraction, you know." ' As Many others probably will do before your tiiae is over, my dear; but that has nothing to do with tiie case. Yoa mast get married, and Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one. he'll get over it in time: they always do. You are surely not going to trouble your silly little head about him ? Sli-; Marsden rose and walked across the room to the verandah. * I'll think about it,' she said, half turning in the doorway to glance back at her sister. ' I'll think about it, and I'll make up my mind this evening. There! I can't pro:u:se mora than that, can I, Bose ? You are s^tistli-^i, aren't 3-ou? ' Yw, I am satisfied,' replied Mrs. Anstruther; ;ui<I, as she dozed through the long afternoon tiiat follovred, she allowed her sister to ligure very prominently in her dreams as the wife of ilajor Temple Arburton, of the Husturs, and future baronet. is famous for its pretty girls ; but prettiest and most striking of all was Leila Mjir.-'.itn at tbe race ball that night. * Race ball' is, jierhaps, too bijj a term to be properly appiit-ti to it; bat the arrival of a couple of re^ir-it-nts en tbeir way to the frontier had stirred up Sizirabad to sports on three days of the the nice ball intervening. ' You'll coiae down to see the finish tomorrow, Miss Marsdca ? asked Tommy Campbell, tbe wit of Sirirabad, as he strolled up to Leila that evening and asked her for a dance. * There's the cup race coining oft, you know, and the ladies' handicap, and the race Willougbby rides to win—the one with the lady as prize.' * What do yoa mean ?' asked Leila., laughing. * He means the ladies' prize race,' said Major Arburton, standing close behind her, ana glowering at Campbell over her shoulder. * And is Mr. Willoughby quite likely to win it ?' asked Leila, somewhat indifferently. ' The betting is all on him ; but he's got a ticklish mount, and I don't like that left-head corner of the course. With a pulling horse and a vicious brute into the bargain, you stand a rare chance of jumping the hedge and disappearing down the precipice. Oan't imagine why they don't arrange things better in this outlandish land; but then I never have seen the advantages of India. Beg your pardon, Miss Marsden, didn't mean a pun.' And he disappeared among the danccrs with a comical look oa bis face, while Leila laughed forcedly and turned to her partner. 4 How odd he is !' she said. * By the way, what horse is Mr. Willoughby going to ride tomorrow in the ladies' race ?' * One of mine—Mazeppa. You seem to take a great interest in that fellow Willocgby' ^jealously). ' Not at alL He is rather a friend of my sister's,' replied Leila carelessly. * Are not you going to ride in this interesting race, Major Arburton?' ' If you. wish it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow of it' (doubtfully). The mixed sentiment jarred on Leila; but he was rich, in a good regiment, with excellent prospects. What mattered it that he was fax beyond thirty, and no longer so slim as he had been ? It was a good match for a penniless girl, and be had no choice, add so, lonir before the evening was over, people were whispering together concerning Miss Marsden and Major Arburton, and a report flew about that he had proposed and been accepted. The truth or otherwise of such statements was not to be read on Leila's face. To ail outward observance she was as calm and haughty and beautiful as ever. None knew that she looked at her programme over and over again, to make sure that there was no mistake, and that the initials ' C. C. W.' scrawled against the fifteenth vaise made her await that dance with a sickening heart. It came at last. The band struck np the strains of a weil-known raise, the room began to fill, and presently Leila Marsden, with paler cheeks than usual, and a strange beating of the heart, was floating round with Charlie Willoughby as partner. 'Shall we sit the rest oat? he asked, when bent her bead in assent, and they passed oat of the room on to the long, low verandah, somewhat to the dismay of her sister, who had watched them eagerly whue together. Tlie moonlight threw the girl's pale face and tall, slight -figure into strong rebef against the dark -verandah background. Charlie Willoogbby baaed against a pillar overrun with creeper, and looked at her fixsdlv. He made no excuse for himself, nor did he break the silence between them. His eyes searched her face as though he would read there what he dared not trust himself to hear. Presently LeUa spoke. Her voice sounded faint and tar away, even to herself. * I bear,* she said pleadingly, ' that you ore going to ride a very vicious horse tomorrow in the ladies' prize race. Please don't ride it; please do not." * And! hear that yoa are engaged to msrxy Major Arburton' (without the slightest reference to ber appeal). ' Is that true, Leila, oris it not? She looked down and traced a little pattern on tbe stone floor with ber foot. •Is it true, or is It not? he repeated fiercely. She lifted her eyes to bis, and saw there the passion which trembled in bis voice. ' Don't be angry; oh, do not!' die cried, putting np her band with a depreciating gesture; ' they kue made me do it, I am a burden to my sister, you know; and I couldn't stand it any longer; and be is not so had: but I love yoa the best—oh, so much the best! You know it; only I—1—4 *m so znisenbte.' ' Doubtless,' he said granfty, never for an instant removing bis eyes fawn the fair, jnteoos face; 'go'sml—very .miserable, eo have I been for the past month ; but my misery doesn't seem to touch you imrcfa. So you are going to many this Ctcesus, this elderiy futurebanmet, and throw me ovor quite, are yoa, Leila? (She twisted snd untwisted ber bands aervcra^r, botmadeaon^. . * And yoa good enodghto take saffifient interest m me to wish me net to break my neck s tawmrP She was stm talent. 'Vemeood. Then listen to me. X ride tomom>w, **d I ride to Win, and yoa are to be tbe prise. Y«, you—do not look so startfcd- you! Irida to win. or 1 tide to—never miiid that part of tbe business. If I win £ shall concider yoa mine in spite of all the Major Ar&xrtous; in the world. If uat—do yoa understand the alternative, Leila r' She bent ber head. Cocld die avoid nnderstanding it? * It lies with yoa," be wait cm steadily. * Yoa know mv horse, yea know the racecourse, you know me. If to-morrow before starting yoa. bid me ride to win, very good: if not— The music has trejrun again. Shall I take you bode to your elderly future baronet? * ~ & ^ * * ' My dear Leila, what nonsense!' cried Mrs. Anstrathcr. ' Bub your checks, child, and drink this wine. Yoa iookne white as a ghost, and about as unhappy. Not go to the races 1 Yoa. will have everyone saying it is all off again, just as it is ail on. It is too aggravating erf yoa really.' It was the day following tha ball. Leila, in her sister's room, was utterly refusing to accompany ha to the racecoure, and equally positive in her refusal to see Major Arburton. 4 1 know what it is,' Mrs. AnsSruther"want on angrily; * that boy has been tgllrfng nonsense to you. It was too foolish of yon to give him a dance last night. If I had known of it I should have taken you homt most certainly.* * fj 'He did cot talk nonsense, and he is not foolish, nor is he a boy,* cried Leila-| vehemently: and then she gave way, and relipsed into oopious weeping. * At any rate, he is only a sub-lieutenant, and cannot possibly have more five hundred a year, .and what is more, he doesn't mean it seriously with yon. If yoa throw over Major Arburton now you will be throwing bi-m over for a mere shadow. Everybody knows what a flirt Charlie Willoughby is. He makes love to every girl he meets.* ' That isn't true!' exclaimed LsOa with an effort at drying her tears. * IPm ! How about Fanny Hope, and one or two others I could mention ?' Silence. ' And how about his debts?' Silence. 'And bra gambling—and that actress, and ' - . LeQa sprang to her feet. * X won't listen anymore!'die cried. ' I do care for him, and I hate Major Arburton, and I won't many him, and I will not go to the races to-day.' Mrs. Anstruther grew pale. She'felt her last chance was going. ' Then I shall have to remind you,' she said firmly, * that I cannot support all my brothers and sisters ail their lives. I did my best for Nell, and I am doing my best for you. You seem to forget that I have children of my own to be brought up. I counted on your marrying as soon as possible. I did not count on your throwing up a reasonable chance.' It was cruel, but it had its effect. Leila turned very white, then die moved to the door. ' I will go with yoa,' she said, scarcely above a whisper. The ladies' prize race was the next on the programme. Considerable excitement prevailed among the fair ses as to who would win it. Leila, alone sat calm and unmoved among the spectators. She did not seem to hear or see anything, till suddenly there was a little stir and bustle, and murmurs of ' Of course he'll win.' ' He's sure of the race,' ' I fed inclined to congratulate yoa already, Mr. Willoughby, yoa look so like winning,' etc. The hero of the race took little notice of such like remarks. He made his way to Leila and bent low over her. ' Which is it to be? he asked. For an i^sfcmt earth and sky reeled round her, then her brain cleaxed, and she saw his face, resolute, handsome, desperate. She hesitated for one instant, then she spoke : ' Bide to win.' The words were so low he could scarcely hear them, but when he turned avray there was a smile in h i a res. The hor«s and their riders were drawn up in a line. Leila strained htr eyes to watch every movement of black and white. Mr. Wiiloughby s colours. Ma/.etjp-i ii-'.^eter! :;ud caught ut the bit. Tiisre wjt, sozie little deiay. thtn the flag was dropped: tiuy were At first breathless silence, tiii'n i;m-King excitement. The course v.-as a sic:til oi:e, ana the race was to lie ran tsrieo roui;>I. 2I::jor Ar": urton, wlio had not taken part in it, uttered a ' Thank God I' as MaKwsi passed the dangerous iximer in Sifetv ior the first time. 'Biue's to tLe front; 110. yelio~'s jrdshin^ up; no, tint's Miadon. Stick to it Meidoru Willouj&hv;'s passed him. hy Jove I he's got his work cct out i- .r him -with that horse. Now they're neck und neck. Good race. No, IViiloughby's gaining; no, Melslon; no—by heaven *' A scream from one of the ladies, a general consternation in the grand stand, a sudden ces-ration of interest 111 tlie race. Charlie Willoughby rode to win, bat the providenca he had dared revenged itself on liiri. Mazeppa had forced th-J bit between Ms teeth, shied away from the coarse, and, leapin;; the frail protection of a hed»e which separated it from the side of the Mil, had disapjiesred with his rider. * * * « * * It was a narrow shave, and no mistake,' said Charlie Wiilo-aghby, poisg over the story for the hundredth time with his wife the second, month of their marriage. ' But the best jart 01 it all was when I knrit. down beside ycu and wo-,iM not leave you,' laughed Leila- 'I shall never forget Major Arburton's face, nor his words next «iay. when hf- told m: a3! w.is over between us, and that the best thing I coaid do, after having made such an exhibition of myself, was to marry "that young puppy." ' ' No,' said her hi^baud tenderly; ' the best part of it all was that I rode to win. r.n-1 that I oid win—what I most wanted—jay wife.'— Loudnu IFodd. 