PROJECTING HEADS. No. XI. (BY PHAR-ISSEE.) ON the 8th April, 1819, while Mr. and Mrs. Coppin were on a visit to Steyning, in Sussex, there was born unto them a fine baby boy, whom they forthwith registered and named George, in an off-hand promiscuous sort of way, without any regard to nomenclature or cause and effect or the eternal fitness of things. Could they have peered into the future they might have given him a less common name, and one more in keeping with his future greatness and his manly beauty. Most infants on their advent into this world have a look of immovable solemnity, or else sublime vacancy in their eyes, but it was not so with George. He commenced the business of life right away, and displayed a comical twist about his mouth, and a merry twinkle in his eye, which seemed to say as plainly as words, "I hope I don't intrude." He didn't 1 know, however, how much money it was going to put into his pocket to keep on saying that through a long and bumpy career. Although "wayward and techy was his infancy" in a general way, at a very early age he learned to play the violin. There was no malice aforethought in this, as might be imagined at first sight, but it was just one of those foibles of youth to which all boys are prone; which seemed perhaps a little stranger in his case, because the next door neighbours had done him no harm, nor had he been crossed in love, neither had he any particular religious tendencies to speak of, nor poetic temperament; to any or all of which things a passion for the violin may usually be ascribed. It seems to have been simply an incident or an accident of his early surroundings. It was certainly a tribute to that abundant generosity for which in after life he became noted, that, on being shown the error of his ways, and the suffering he was likely to inflict on humanity, he immediately hung up the fiddle and the bow, and resolved to take his chances on low comedy for weal or woe. He narrowly escaped becoming a musician, and for that he ought to be thankful. Moreover, he was not built for a violinist. Violinists never smile, rarely drink and are often a little mad, whilst George was sane to a fault, and had a grin of vast dimensions always on his open countenance, which would have ill assorted with the long, lank hair, lanthorn jaws and dreary eyes of the conventional cat-gut scraper; and had he, with such a make-up, ever attempted to unravel a Wagnerian overture, or hammer out a Beethoven sonata, the gallery-boy would have guyed him to death, and thrown lemonade bottles on the stage as a token of his disapproval. George, therefore, just kept a sufficient grip on the fiddle to interpret the music incidental to the "Wandering Minstrel," and then handed over the king of instruments to his brother, the late Fred Coppin, who at his death was leader of the Royal orchestra. It was not a kind fraternal act perhaps, but let that pass. George was a precocious lad, and that was lucky, for at 18 years of age he had to scoop up the portion of goods that fell to him, and face the music at a London theatre, in the triple capacity of stage manager, actor and violinist, for the lordly sum of one pound per week. It was here, at the outset of his career, that they obtained his written consent, signed, sealed and delivered in the presence of witnesses, that he would foreswear the old barbiton, and lead agcod moral straight-going thsatrical life, as a reward for which he was appointed first low comedian, with a rise of five shillings per week in his salary. At this time he supported Sheridan Knowles, who had probably taken a fancy to him because his grandfather was a clergyman ; Knowles himself dying, as is well known, in the odour of sanctity and patent medicines, as a hard-shell Baptist parson, as he feared he wouldn't get there so easily by playing the " Hunchback," and holding the fractured mirror up to Nature, when Nature wouldn't stand still and look pleasant, and consent to be mirrored according to hia process. George was never the man to stick too long in one place, if he could help it. He had a loose leg, and liked to be on the move whenever there was a chance. Hearing, th erefore, that Botany Bay offered special inducements to an enterprising young man of good constitution, and dramatic instincts, abstainers preferred, it struck him that he would be able to supply a long- felt want, and lighten the gloom of that gruesome settlement, so he Bet sail for Sydney, where he arrived in '43. He found, however, on his arrival, thaUbe people were thirsting more for grog than low comedy, and, therefore,being always ready to take hold anywhere, without respect of persons or places, he laid away his theatrical wardrobe in camphor, and tied on the white apron of a Boniface, serving out rum and a passing joke hot, at ruling rates, to soldiers,'convicts, and others, as if he had been to the manner born. But alas ! the delusive slate and the " challuk it up " system (there being many a Rip Van Winkle there,bout), coupled with his own generous hospitality, and his inability to compete with the Government sly grog shops, which cut down prices fearfully, soon left George high and dry on the barren strand of insolvenc}'. Although he had lost all his money he did not, like a pelican of the wilderness, stick his beak in the sand and wake the echoes of that dismal shore with his plaintive moans. With nothing but his pluck, energy and a pair of moleskins left, he cheerfully skipped over to Melbourne, whether by the trackless ocean or the wallaby track history sayeth not, and thence to Tas-.mania, another home of convicts, which latter place he soon quitted in disgust and settled down in Melbourne in '45, where he took in hand the old Queen's Theatre. It was in Melbourne he first began to carve his name high up on the finger-post of dramatic fame. What if he did carve it in rough, crooked letters with a jack knife ? There stood the old patronymic, defying the ravages of time and the white ant, and there it stands to-day to tell who gave us the best "Paul Pry," "Jem Baggs," "Artful Dodger,' "Milky White" and "Mould" we have had in this city. In '40 George began to feel tired again, and went over to Adelaide, where he built a theatre, and also built the Exchange Hotel, in Studley-street, and did many other wonderful and foolish things. He still seemed to hanker after " public " life, but rum was fated to spell ruin for him, just as Shakespeare spelt ruin to managers until the Apostle Miln came along. The result was that George again found the cord of penury tightening around his comic neck with a deadly grip. However, as usual, he didn't begin to whine, but just took a reef in his waist-belt, and swept the commercial horizon with his merry eye, the result being that, on the discovery of gold, he got leave of absence from his Adelaide creditors, and paid a visit to the Victorian diggings. There he patiently plied his little cradle and tin dish, and soon scraped together a nice little pile, and then paid all his creditors in full with real solid, virgin gold, which was the currency in Adelaide in those primitive days. There is no documentary evidence of this fact to hand, but the story has been so widely circulated these many years, that the silence of those creditors, or their ghosts, must be received as proof of its truth. With a snug fortune at bis back he returned to England in '54, and in his humble way went straight . to the theatrical managers and ventured to " hope ' that he didn't intrude." They evidently thought he did, for they wouldn't let him act, though he offered his services for nothing. That was a crusher, but George had gone there to act, and act he would at any cost Determined to show them that he knew his way about on the boards, he hired a theatre and played a season as " the Australian Star. ' Modesty was never one of George's prominent qualities. Whenever he goes to do anything he likes to have halberdiers and trumpeters before and behind him. He expects the assembled universe to stand to attention as he metaphorically stamps his foot, and invokes the entire human race to witness the fact that he, G. C., is about to go to work. Be is fussy and melodramatic in his 6tyle and likes to have a big chorus at his back, and man to beat the big drum, and give the word in a loud, husky voice when it is time to start. He will haul out a pair of blacksmiths' bellows to blow away a speck of dust, and crush a mosquito with a Nasmyth hammer. After paralysing the London playgoers, and taking his revenge on those recalcitrant managers, he came back to Melbourne like a conquering heio, bringing with him G. V. Brookeand an iron theatre. That was the first in- — stance of a man bringing his star and his theatre along in the same ship ; but George knew whaft he was about. He ran up his iron caboose, styled it the Olympic, and then took Brooke into partnership. That stroke of policy showed that George was as much at home " in front" as he was behind the footlights. Shortly afterwards he bought the Old Royal and the Cremorne Gardens, where " there was a sound of revelry by night," and lucky diggers made things hum as long as the red, red gold held out and there was whiskey in the jar. At last the time came when a happy inspiration hit George heavily on the top of the head, so that he didn't forget it. He began that long series of historical final appearances, which _ stamped him as an artist. There is the jaunty way of going off, with a wink and a nod, which makes people say good riddance ; but there are other ways of doing it which make people want you to do it again. "I will roar you, ' says Bottom, so that they will say " 1 let him roar again." As a leave-taker George is unique. After making his final appearance a few times, he got used to it. The novelty got rubbed off, and he would then at periodical times present his P.P.C. card just as if the event ha'l never happened before, and laugh and joke all the time. At these times, too, besides the llB„ , bathos, and simulated emotion | ' familiar, demnably familiar and !T>° U what he thought of them, and thei ul| 1» their domestic arrangements t i e a iJ7 U !oii! " 'hope he didn't intrude. aDces » of J* Every man has a talent for t b tal-' e n Some men take cold easily ; others *! the slightest provocation: wlii]»f\ 80 U thing they can get. EngS k e < m met^e pleasures sadly ; but George took i? , merrily, and took it often. ' *vt tate He made the last of these final 1( Adelaide three or four years akh ,. , P »D He found the game was^P a p ear ^ George, and had too often parted coin to see the last of tht>. « old > „ lit him bob up again fresh and simljn„ ' t° lth }' » people did not turn out, and the d1 George was a trifle worse than the fi' tor ^ was no enthusiasm, and the dtnoumJ^ ^ fell like a lump of flaccid i X ^ N block. on a ba" To fill the house George invited the . volunteers free, but the helmeted 1J with blank stupidity on the ! t ( i plav J-?®? to know whether they were there to d " peace in the Queen's name, or fire theU®? over the grave of the moribund comedian 1 There was a damp chill all over the L as I wended my way out to get the usual No. 4, in George's old house, the " Kv i veteran cockney remarked, " Ah ! sir y was w'en I fust sore 'im at the 'Ayma' ' When nearly played out on the entered Parliament, that final every successful man, be he low comedian constable. He went in for East Melboum' many years he and Zox were the accadu the Lower House. He is now rejected ! dejected, foi he will soon find something.!*!! He did not arise and shine as a im but at any rate he got a chance to L " bump of benevolence," as he called iu full play. Like many other members didn t want the money, he voted payment of members, and it is said th&tionw; loyalty to his creed, he spent his modes year in charity. I have not seen the i the case, nor the account of the disbursed can only say I had none of the money" George himself " has said it and it's greatlv credit," it must be received as gospel trot like that other George, there is no prooft^l unless hard pushed, ever said the thkl was not. As " Charity vaunteth not itself not puffed up," and by the same token as never faileth, except when you give a 1 a crooked sixpence, George will, no doub reward. Some years ago he came to a ^ at Sorrento, and it was he who started theL Crown on her cheap Sunday trips down the! He has also done many other good works, alia founding the Humane Society,theDJJ Society and Musical Association, tbeBoys'I and the Old Colonists' Association. Many an old pioneer who now Bits ill cottage homes, champing his boneleBs giimij telling the old old tales of the forties andjf over his sup of whiskey, blesses the Dameoift Coppin for that same last-mentioned act ofk lence. The only thing I find hard to forj that he didn't ptait a retreat for tired,! down Pressmen. Ihe wholesome lessons to be drawn I George's life are, that one should always I stiff upper lip, and strike the iron while it i but never take hold of the hot end, li' take a note of him and learn "a new ' old debts," and, "where there's a willt way." I feel quite sure that when be i final scene of all, and says for positively tl time, "'I hope I don't intrude," the Pen gate of Paradise will smile, and admit theffl at once. " on the nod," and leave him on r list for ever and ever. WE are to have something in thewaj in the theatrical world shortly. Met and Titheradge and portion of tbe present playing in the Hibernian Hall Sydney, and take up the running ball, Frank Thornton specially ehorteni season at this house. Mr. Uoucicault, and other members of the company perations at the Melbourne Princete 