BY WOOD AND STREA M. ('The Tramp.*) Thua all elone by wood and w61d 1 yield myfielf once again, To til & memories old, that, like toiw? fresh told, Come flitt ing across the brain.' —Gordon. To au Australian horn there is perhaps no keeuHr sense of enjoyment than to find oneself mounted on n good weight-carrying hack Rallopinc along bueb tracks, far from tbe busy haunts of meu. It is in the early morn that four of us leave Middlesex and turn our horses' heads towards . Surrey Hills. One of my companions is a junior member of that well-known firm of stock' owners who for so many years have ranted the Middlesex and Surrey Hills blocks from the V.D.L. Company, and the others are two of his stockmen, at whose hut we bad spent the previous night, and where, notwithstanding the plentiful supply of wallaby skins wherewith the floor was littered, tbe hardness of tbe boards make early rising a matter of inclination if not of necessity. Riding over low grassy ridges, beneath the spreading gnms, we catch glimpses of many & lovely and romantic spot down the valley, tarough which runs the swift Iris, which I suppose takes its name from the flat - footed messenger of the heathen gods. The stockmen have local names for many of the places which we pass, such as ' Paddy's Sugarloaf,' the ' Glue Pot,' ' Vinegar HiU,' etc., etc. After an hour's pleasant ride through an undulating coun try, we come to tbe Vale of Belvoir ; truly a lovely spot is this valley, bounded on either sides by Bond's Peak and the Black Bluff. The vale is about seven miles long by two Wide, end in its ceatre tbere -is a small lake, the waters of which flow into two streams running in opposite directions, for while one of these streams is the head waters of the Pieman that empties into the Southern Ocean on the West Coast, the other is a tributary of the Biver Forth, whose waters run into Bass' Straits. Tlie ascent of the Black Bluff from the Vale is somewhat difficult for horsemen, at least we think so, until one of the stockmen draws our attention to wheel tracks, and informs as that once a year he brings a bullock dray load of rations across the Bluff at this point. Reaching tbe summit we give our horses a epell while we admire the panoramic view of mountains, which rise on all sides of us. Away to the south the Cradle mighty in its rogg^d grandeur to wersabo ve all others, and on the right of it is the Barren Bluff, on whose precipitous sides no verdure grows. Down to the south- west is a terrible gorge, on tbe one side of which the twin moun tains Remus and Romulus rise above the dense foreat of horizontal, and on the other eide may be seen Mounts Crips,! Charter, and Black, while far away on tbe horizon a glimpse can be obtained of the Eldon Ranges. The sight of these mountains recalls to mind former trips through bush and bramble, for in the nomadic life which ] bave led for the last 10 years there are but few places, however remote, between the east and west coasts of the colony but where 1 have seen the sun rise or set. Turning to the North-West we can see St. Valentine's Peak, on to which the V.D.L. Company's eurveyor (Mr Hellyer) climbed on the 14th Februaiy, 1836, in order to obtain a view of tbe country which bis employers were then selecting. Poor Hellyer'a end was a tragic one, and he sleeps in the Stanley cemetery beneath the ahaaows of the Nut, Far away in the dis tance we can see the far-famed Biscboff, with the face of tbe workings just «bow? ing. How many have seen this hill from the clear country of Surrey Hills is years gone by without ever dreaming of the princely fortune that was within tbeir grasp, and doubtless there are other mountains of mineral wealth within our island home, lying dormant until some pro spector with the indomitable pluck of a ' Philosopher r Smith, penetrates their forest fastness, and reveals their wealth. The ride down the western elope of the bluff is beset with many difficulties, for the button grass is very boggy is places, and one runs considerable risk of coming a 'cropper.' From the foot of the hill the track leads through bad country until tbe Leven huts are reached. We find the huts tenantless, for they are only used when the stockmen are gather ing cattle in that locality, or when some benighted traveller seeks their friendly shelter. Hare we unsaddle our horses and boil the billy ^i-d partake of Johnny cake and fried bacon, after which we enjoy a smoke and listen with rapt at tention to the political views of one of the stockmen, who tells us tbat be should like to enter Parliament, if only for one session. Well, I don't know if ever this worthy am bition of his will be gratified, but should it come to pass he will not be dubbed the silent member. From tbe Seven Huts to the Racecourse is a distance of about eight miles through comparatively open coostzy, the principal undergrowth being waratah and pepper tree, the former in full bloom, and its bright red blossom may be Been for miles. Uany on aid man kangaroo Grosses our path, but the dogs fail to catch one of them. My friend has a bulldog revolver, but it is more ornamental than useful, and as the day draws near a close our chances of kangaroo steamer grows beautifully less, and tbe owners of dogs and revolver come in for a good deal of chaff, all of which, 1 am happy to say, they take ib good pari. The sun is low in the west when ce ride up to a most dilapidated looking h#t, built on the borders of a myrtle scrub, fbis hut, like those at the Leven, ie tenantless, aud there is a settled gloom about tbe place that faaa a most de pressing effect, and one could easily imagine the ghost of some former hut keeper haunting tbe place, and this im pression is in no way removed when sitting round the flre^ at night the stockmen relate sensational stories of men wbo mysteriously disappeared in this jocality in days of old. But nothing of the supernatural disturb our alumbers, and we aleep soundly in the old hut until the voicfiof tlie black jay— earliest of Austra lian birds— is beard, and a faint grey light steals through Sthe many crevices in the roof, and reminila us tbat night lias passed and another day bas dawned pppn the world. . 