THE MEETING IN THE SCHOOL OF ARTS HALL A very large number of persons assembled in the School of Arts Hall on Thursday evening to hear addresses from Hon. J, Fletcher, Minister for Works, and Mr. Hassall, Member for the Gwydir. Mr. J. Rutherford occupied the chair, and there were on the platform besides him, Messrs. F. Halliday, Jacob Knight, G. Matthews, G. Hulks, W. Mugridge, W. G Stephens, W. Fowler, P. Fowler, P. V. Ryan, W. Vaughan Jenkins, H. Mugridge, D. C. Williamson, and others. The Chairman acknowledged the honour conferred upon him and introduced Mr. Fletcher, who was prepared to address them upon the subject they all had at heart. He asked for all a fair hearing, which he was sure would be granted to all the speakers, He asked those who were in the Dress Circle not to destroy the furniture, and expressed his pleasure at seeing so many free traders present, believing that the arguments they would hear would tend to con vert them to the policy of protection. Hon. J. Fletcher, who was received with great applause, then addressed the meeting. He said that before dealing with the subject that was so dear to their hearts he must clear away the cobwebs which ignorance or malice had caused to be circulated about him by persons who were seeking the suffrages of the people in the district. He believed one of them had done so in absolute ignorance, for he was a man whom he esteemed as a personal friend. He referred to Mr. Tonkin (applause), who he believed woud not think of doing him an injustice, but had merely retailed rumours which had been circulated in Sydney by the free trade party. Mr. Tonkin had referred to his having stopped the contract for iron pipes going to England while at the same time he had ordered pipes for his own company from Eng land ; but while that was true as far as it went it was not the whole truth. The Board of which he was a member were out and out free traders, and he was only one out of five, and although he resisted the proposal to go to England for the pipes for the company he had been compelled to take one of two courses— either to remain on the board and watch his interest in the company, which was large, or leave the Board because the majority did not agree with him, (Applause.) Then Mr. Wise had charged him with accepting the tender for the Court House at Newcastle, which was also true but not the whole truth. For several years the matter had boen under consideration, and because the plans prepared did not givo sufficient accommodation, fresh plans were prepared, and were all ready when he entered oflico : and finding that there would bu bo further deluy, because the tender exceeded the limits, he had said that tho matter bad been do-., {erred long enough, he had ordered tenders to be accepted, sayiiiL' that i' the ouu'racl price exceeded the limits, liu would apply to the Parliament i'or the extra money. (Applause). It was, a pity that they couM not light thoir battle fairly, without side issues being introduced. Mr. Wise had called them a stop- gap Ministry, but who was this brain loss, briefless, boy to sit in judgment upon the pro sent Government .' — ho who had sucked thu State pap over since lie Imd boon born, anil who had boon pitched into position over the bend of older ancl ablor men. (Laughter and applause). Let them compare the two Ministries, and remeinbring that eight out of ten of I ho present Ministry wero Aus tralians, would anyone say that Mr. Uarton — one of the ablest Speakers that had ever sat in the House — was not quite equal to Mr. Wise 1 — that Mr. Lackey was not ciiiial to Mr. Salamons, the bar rister. — that Mr. Chanter was not equal in ability ami honesty of purpose to Mr. Abigail, — that Francis Hathurst Suttor (applause) was not ipiito as able, quite as honest, ami cmitc as intelligent as Mr. I nglis to preside over the Education Depart ment,— that Mr. Slatiory was not 'equal to Mr. Clark — or that Mr. Gnrvnu was not equal as Trea surer to M r. Hums. (Applause). And coming to his own humble .self, was he not as competent to manage the Works and Railways as Mr. Suthor land .' (Annlause). Mr. Wise knew full well that no one could point the linger o£ scorn against any one of thu present Ministry, or that James Fletcher had been guilty of one dishonest act. (Applause). lie ventured to say that West Mnequnriu would pay Sir. Wise out. on Saturday with compound interest, lie had conic to Itallinrst to speak on the subject of frnetrnde and protection. Freetraders hncl (old then) that they bad done wonders during (he last few years 'nijiler. fructrado, nnd' they won dered why the people should think of yoing nwny fmm it. *IIu denied that they had beuoliltud. or that the past prosperity was due to frcclmdc. They had borrowed for the colony for public works four millions of money, tho greater portion of which Imd been wage-paying capital, circulating through avenues of all kinds. Then they had sold nearly us ii.iu.-b land as all the other colonies put vpyiithfir. when the pvblf'c works in progress-drew to n coiu .pletion in 18S(i, the pemile began to cry out from one end of the colony to thu cither, and the men who travelled through the country were not loafers, as the freetraders said, but men willing and able to work but were un able to find it. Tlieso men criod out ' Give us food or work,' and tho answer came ' We havo neither to givo you ;' but tho unemployed difficulty assumed such proportions that the press of Sydney said that no Christian Government would allow tho people to starve, und tho Government were compelled to find them employment on a bare pittance to keop them from starving. Where was free trada then / If it promoted prosperity, surely it would not fly away and leave the people in this terriblo dilemma ; and if it brought employment ami mtido people happy why did it lly away when nil tho borrowod money was spent? Tbe fact was their apparont prosperity had been bought at tho cost of tbe public dounin and on the money borrowed from wherever they could get it. (Applause.) According to theso men free trudo meant to buy in tho cheapest and Koll in Iho dearest market; but he hml little sympathy with those who cried about buying in the cheapest markot. Labour was as muoh n marketable commodity as a yard of calico, und whilo the merchant calculated as his capital his stock of boots and shoes, or prints, iVc, tl.o working man calculated as bis capital his labour; and with thoso who advocated buying in the cheapest markot tho timo might come when through an overstocked markot labour that was worth 7s per day would only ho .vorth 5s ; and the freo traders would be perfectly justified in refusing to givn a workman who sought employ ment more than 25s. or i)0s. per week instead of 103. on tho ground that labour was plentiful. The man might reply that it would bo impossible for him to keep his wife and children on such wages but the free trado employer would say ' If you don't accept you in ay go somewhere elso and look for work, for I buy in the cheapest markot.' (Applause). He therefore above all things wanted to know how tho working classes could bo free traders. He specially referred to tbe Kailway employees, many of whom, ho knew, thought their broad and water was sure, and who could say as they saw a poor wretch out in the street looking for work, ' Thank God, whatever becomes of him, my work is sure at events.' (Applause). But these men wero living in a false paradise. There was no Minister, there was no commissioner who would dare to pay them 7s. lid. por day while the majority of working mon outside wero getting only us. They could depend upon it that as soon as the wages outside wero brought 25 or 30 por cent below theirs the Commissioners would demand a corresponding reduction. Tho Unilway Commissioners wore free trader?, and if the railway men helped to send in a frco trade government, as they would be doing if they supported ' dear Wise ' and othors, they must not complain if tho commis sioners gave them the option of taking lower wages or leaving the railway employ. (Applause). This thing was rendered all the moro probable becuuso tho Com missioners had come from a free trado country, and they might make every mechanic on the railway work on pieco work ; and if that would not do thi-y would bring men from England who would bo pro pared to engago for pieco work. (Applause). Ho know that the railway employees had been led away by side issues, Somo phantom monster hud been raised up in front of them, and thoy wero affrightod as they had been by the ghost which in tboir youth they bud been told would swallow them up, soul and body, if they did not do so and so. (Applause). And in thoir blindness thoy had forgotten, not only then own interests, but tho interests of thoir wives and children. And all this had been dono so that they could join with thoso peoplo who told tho electors that they took a great interest in them, and had great anxiety for their welfare. Ho had told them what frco trade was. Protection meant that the individual in New South Wales whoso wages were 03. or 10s, per day of eight hours should not bo called upon to competo with tho foreign labour in othor parts of tho world, whern wages wero from 2s. (id. to Js. por day of 12 or 11 hours. (Applauso). Could any manufacturer here pay the current rato of wages and yet compete with men who did not pay half that amount of wago? (Applause). In Germany tho ships wero subsidised to tha extent of £300,000 per annum, tho stipulations being that thoy should not carry English goo-ia-in__tiis -SnipSr and that tho_^)srs6rr to whom' tho goods woro OCiistgned should bo German born ; so that they could seo what low wages and long hours would be necessary to onablo a manufacturer to light' the German Government. Yet freo traders saw that the working men would havo to pay for it all if they . had protection. It was amusing to hoar the extreme anxiety of tho Sydney merchants on behalf of tho working mon. (Laughter.) Now, ho had been a working man all his lifo, and had been digging on the Turon in 1852. Ho had no wealthy friends or relatives to help him light Iho battlo of life, but hail to light it for himself, and he thought ho hail fairly dono hi3 duty. (Applause.) Could they tell him one case in which a Sydney niorchant had gone out of his way to ameliorate tho condition ot tho working men. Let them tnko Mr. MoMilhin (for whom ho had a great respect), George James, Prinoo O^g it Co., and even Mr. Wise himself — ivhnt had thoy done ? Mr. Wiso belonged to the most protected association the world over saw, and yet he had endeavoured to put still greater restrictions about it in order to put it out of the power of the son of -iny poor man becoming a barrister. Tho lato Mr. Edward Butler, who was a credit to tho civilised world, hud named his living by writing to tho papers while studying for the Bar, and tho late Attornoy-Genoral, Mr. Simpson, had earned his own living in tho Lands Office whilo studying, his parents being too poor to admit ot his studying without that ; yot their dear friend Wiso and tho Jingoos who acted with him had arranged that a young man studying must live on brains, so that thoro was no choico now f or a young man whoso paronts were poor entering tho profossion unless lie lived like a gentleman for 3 years. This '\vas their freo trado candidate Wiso, (Applause.) Now, it free trado was such a benefit to tho poople, and it was right that the intelligent son of a strug gling man should receive benefit, why did Mr. Wise put a bar across the gate to the position which he Imd acquired ? Where was his boasted liberty whon ho did this ? In his breeches pocket I (Applause.) Ho asked again if thoy could show him any merchant among tho leaders of a freo trado party who had gone out of his way to benefit tho strug gling masses, and who over enquired whether their employees had sufficient to keep body and soul together. (Applause.) What then beoarao of their pretended anxioty for the welfare of tbe working, man? These mon lived on their importations, and made their profits out of tho people in tho interior. Thoy looked upon Sydney as New South Wales, and know that as soon as the pepplo manufactured sufficient for thoir own wants their free trade calling in Sydney was gone. They asked what Iho colony would l)o without Sydney, but (although he would not like it to happen) if Sydney wore sunk in tbo sea or destroyed by an earthquake, the colony would go ahead as if Sydney had never boon. (Appluuso.) 'There wore '11 representatives in Sydney and Central Cumberland, within a radius of 50 miles ; and when they saw the power tbo merchants had got thero, and that every movement lay in the direotion of benetitting themselves, could they wonder that they should make desperate efforts to keep the monopoly they enjoyed, knowing nothing and caring less about the circumstances of the people.. (Applause). Then freetraders said they got articles cheaper under that polioy, but he denied it. and bo further denied, that thu price .they paid for an article determined whether that article was cheap or dear. (Applause). He know many men who found it more difficult to find 7s. Gd. now to purchase nn article than they could find £1 at another time. The cheapness or deaiiie^s of nn article wns deter mined by the amount they had remaining after they hail made the purchase. The Irishman in America was astonished when told the prlee of salmon, arid said that when lie won in Ireland he bad only given so much. ' Why, then,' said the dealer, ' did you not buy it .'' ' Jie jabew,' said Pat, ' 1 hadn't got the; money to buy it with.' (Laughter). And when Scotch Sammy told Dr. Johnson that ho believed ho could buy eggs i'or three halfpence a dozen, tho doctor replied, ' Dear me, that is an evidence to me that halfpoiicJ arc vory scarce in Scotland.' (Laughter). This served to show that his contention was true, and if he appealed to the housewives present, they would sny, ' I wouldn't care a straw whether it coat .Cl 10s. or X.'i 10s. to keep the house, so long as my good man earns enough to do it with. (Applause). The one who kopt house on £2 and only put by iis was not nearly so well oil' as the one that spent Kl ami put by :iOs. For argument sake— and only for argument suke, mind — lie would admit Hint pro tection made things dearer, lint if that were true, what bucimiu of Mr. Wise's consistency .' Imported butter, clicese, and bacon were taxed io the amount of 20. per lb., ami if protection made things dear, surely It was the dut.y of the freetraders to con sider the working man, for thiiiliini,' of whom thev could not sleep, am! not nllow him to bo impr»ud ii|kni by this i!i)J por cent. They know tliat their statement that protection increased prices was not it no, mid they repeated the cry as the parrot re pealed' l'relly 1'olly.'' It wns the same with kerosene oil. U' they 'knew that the protective iluty increased the price of this article, why did thoy not knock it off ? And did they put £5 por ton on mignr for the purpose of reducing the priee to the working man, or because the Sugar Company bad power enough in the House to influence them. \\\ by did they not take off that duty if the housewife had to pay the (ax .' They did not do this because they knew it would interfere with the shareholders in the kerosene anil sugar companies. Xov they saw where the interests of their ' dear friend Wise ' was centered, and when other claims came in, the interest of the working man was forgotten for the moment. It w.is oniy when (hey wanted their votes that thev knew the working man; but after they had secured his vote, they would hardly recognise him when he spoke to them. (Applause). Ho thought ho hud thus mado tho inconsistency of tho froo tradors apparent, in assorting that thono duties raised the prices and yot they would not striko them off. (Applauso). Tho fact was all tho other way, and tho freo trados knew that notwithstanding tho 15 por cent, duly upon imported biscuits thoy wnre choapor to-day than thoy wero boforo tho duty was put 'on. It was tho samo with sperm cindlos, which wero novnr so cheap an now, notwithstanding tho duty. Freo tradors ridiculed this statement, but it was perfectly a true. As soon bj tho duty ivas put on tho importation of Austrian candles stopped and tho manufacture by tlio local maker increased from 200 boxos to (iOO per weok, and tho manufacturer was nblo to mako moro money from tho Kfilo of tho larger quantity at n reduced prico than he had boon able to mako out of tho sale of tlio smallor quantity when the prico was higher. A working man could make more money out of a contract whore ho employed ten men than if ho did the work with his own hands. Anil whon thoy talked about buying in tho cheapest market, did they forgot who made tho Now South Wales market? Wuatovor tho colony was it had been mado by tho poople, and yot they wero asked to stand idly by and witness tho incoming of ship loads of goods from foreign countries whilo thousands of their own mon walkod about in search of work. (Applause.) This was their position. They opened their arms wiilo and cried to tho civilised world to come and help them build up a glorious empire, and sent out four millions of thoir money annually tu buy goods from foreign countries, whilo thoir own men wanted labour. This tho protectionists woro determined to stop, and wore determined that not a shilling should go whilo their own people wanted work. (Applause.) l'reo traders said that tho amount paid into the Customs in Victoria was as great as in New South Wales, but while that mis true they should remember that Victoria only leviml duties upon articles which their own people could manufacture and allowed all others to coma in frco, while in New South Wales --verythiug that could bo grown or mule hero was nllotwd to coma in freo, while other articles wnre taxed. Did they call this treo trade ? The policy win neithur fowl, llesh, nor good rod horrini;. (Applause.) When the lutn Government wanted additional i avenue they put nn extra duty on the locally manufactured article and did not interfere with that corning from America; and they hail put ild por gatlon upon colonial beer, whilo they allowed English beertocomo in at tho old duty. (Applauso.) Tlio buggy manufacturer horo had to pay duty upon all tho articles U3ed in his manu facture, and yet tho American prison made buggy was allowed to eomo in free. (Applause.) Tho free trado Government tried in every way to punish a man who sought to ostnblbh an industry or to bo come a wage-earning omployer. If this was frco trade it was free trade as against themselves and in favour of foreign importations. (Applauso.) Cobden had said 45 years ago that if England became froo trado bo'fore live yoars ovcry civilised nation would bo freo trado too ; but forty-livo yoars had passed and. what was tho (act, .Franco was protectionist, Italy was protectionist, Austria, Goruinny, Amorica, Canada, Belgium, Capo Colony, Victoria, Queens land, South Australia and Tasmania— nil ivero pro tectionist. (Applause.) Yot all had manhood suffrage und vota by ballot as we had hero, and did they believe that Iho shrewd, calculating American would allow tho fiscal policy to remain unchanged-if it was not for tho bost ; or that Bismarck, wliam Sir 4I^'.fj' Pltrlit'3 deicrfudUTTs a man of blood and iron, but who was ono of tho world's greatest intellects, would allow it to continuo if it was not Rood for tho peoplb ho governed. (Applause.) Wore all these mull fools, and were tho only statesmen to he found those in linglsuid und Sir llor.ry Parkes in New South Wales .' (Laughter and applause), If that was thuir opinion their duty was clearly to vi it e for freo trado; but if they believed Unit' the men in other places were competent to Clink and act for themselves, ihen it. was right that they should s»ivu protection, which had been adopted liy them, a fair trial. (Applause). Ho believed there should bo a feilemluil Australia— not an Imperial Federation, as some would have it (applause— but, a federated Austral in, with free trade iimungst thorn selves and protection against tho outside world. (Applause). The colours possessed .soil mid cli mato to grow everything required to mako them the finest nation in the u\ji..i ; and why should they, with this vast wealth of raw material, send out of the colony to employ othoiH in manufacturing it. while our own little oi.m were crying tor the bread i heir fiitheru cuujti not got work to earn if. (Applause). These were some of the reasons which Jed tliein to advise (he people to be up and cluing. If Sydney conlinuod to be New South Wales, what could they expect .' Only tlm other day he heard Mr. ToiiUiu asking for seed wheat to bo given, to which he thought the farmers were entitled ; but. whore was tho consistency of giving Hood wheat aud yot rofusing to protoct the market to which the farmers had to go from thu farmers' enemies from other lauds. If they saw a thief about their premis s they would prevent him from entering ; and if there was any fear of it llussiau too landing on their shores every 'man able to carry a gun or hold a shillclah would arise to light to the death for their hearths anil homes ; but nlihough thoy wero not threatened by an armed foreign foe, tho samo olfeet was being wrought, by foroign-ni'jde gooda aud trash being allowed to bo landed aud distributed through the country. It was as simple as A B C. Should they continue to be a non- manufacturing country or vote for the imposition of a duty upon foreign goods equal to the difference in the wages paid in the two countries? (Applauso). If they did not do this thoy must either remain as they were, or reduce the wages and increase the hours of labour, or become a huge asylum. This was a question for the wage-earning people to settle. It was a fight between labour and capital, and they could see on which side ghe working men were ranged. There was not one working man among the leaders of the free-trade party, and theso men sought to divert the minds of the electors from the real issue by drawing a red-herring across the trail. They cried out that the Public Schools Act was in danger; yet what did they find? When the agitation in favour of the Education League was got up, he and his chief went through the country advocating that education should be secular, compulsory and freo, in conjuncttion with the late James Greenwood —God bless him (applause)— whom unborn genera tions would yet bless for his work. And while they were doing this, Sir Henry Parkos was denouncing them as agitators, disturbers of the peace, and no bodies. (Applause) The Act needed amendment in one trilling circumstance. Being secular and compulsory, it ought to be free, for it was an insult to the parent as well as to the child for the latter to be told before the school, when he said he had not the usual fee, ' You tell your mother that we must have the monoy.' (Applause.) Every child should be compelled to go to school, but education should be as free as the air we breathe. (Applause.) When the caucus meeting was held to upset the Ministry, it was arranged that Mr. McMillan should form a Government, and who did they think were to be in it? The "jaynial ' Dan O'Connor and Mr. Roley? (Applause.) So they would see the fallacy and the delusion of the cry that was being raised of the Education Act being in danger. The Education Act would be safe with Messrs. O'Connor and Riley in the Government, and yet it would be in danger with Messrs. Slattery and Garvan in the Govern ment, although, as a matter of fact, Mr. Garvan had sent his children to tho public school, although he was a Roman Catholic I (Applause.) This cry had been got up simply to run the people oft tho track. .(Applause.) If they were to meet, an enemy they would not ask those ivho fought with him in the do fence of their wives and families, what was tlpiir nationality or religion.' (Applause.) An I he asked them Io tight their foe, the foreign I nulcm, who woro running their Held ot labour, as a duty they all nwed to those who umiu after them. There wore 110,001) children in their public schools,' anil yet parents could noltoll wlml Hume children worn In do to gain an honest livelihood. lie OH not know 'f one industry opening to them u likelihood of con stant oinploymunt. They could not all got Govern ment billets. One-third of their j-bung men wore in the service now, and another third were breaking their hecks trying to gtit in. (Litus? liter nnd npplntise) TlH.y had no onnjco', as all tho avonue'u of labour woro closed, and if thoy 'were to prosper' in iho futuro thoy musl'liavQ other ,ivnniins ot labour for thoir children. (Applauso). i'lve tni.lu would not 1 i ml them emuluymonl aud they must, luok to protection to do it. He beliovod they hail a large engineering establishment in connection with tho railway here, and ho remembered Mr. Tonkin earnestly and ably protesting against tho removal of tlio men from the Bathurst shop3 to Sydney ; but the freo tradors bad no right to grumble ut tho loss of the £1000 paid regularly to tho men as wuges, and which money was spent in Bathurst, for tho monoy was being spent in Sydney, and assisting in tho work of importation (Applause). Why did they grumblo at this, and yet voto for men who would send four millions every your out of tho country to import goods. (Applause). It was part of the froo trado policy to centre everything in Sj'dnny, nnd if tbo peoplo wero not proparotl to demand fair play for the district in which they lived they deserved to suffer. (Applauso). lie would give overy place fair play, and would muko every important pluce a centra in itself, independent of tho metropolis. (Applauso). Fancy thorn taking a tructt over the mountains from Bathurst to get repaired and with drawing tho men to Sydnoy to do tho work 1 Thoy woro doing it at Newcastle, and would do it nt all tho other placos ; and when protojting against tho notion ho forgot that it whb simply tho working of tlio policy which ho supported. (Applause) It was a question for tho electors to determine for _^_ thoy woro masters of tho situation. Thoy must bo content to grow worso or olso make Australia for tbo Australians. (Applause.) If they decided upon Iho lattor courso their duty on Saturday was clear as tho noonday sun. (Applause) lie bogged them not to bo led away by sectarian issues. Tho welfare of wifo and children was ns dear to an Orangeman as to a Iiibbonman, and it was a strango thing that although they could visit each other when siek anil not ask whether thny ivere Wesleyiin, Prosbytorian, or Roman Catholic, ai soon as political excitement aroso some hopping creature (applause) threw tho soods of religious discoid among tho poople, and thoso who had born friends and neighbours before wero ready to lly at each other's throats. (Applause.) In tho name of all that was good, and indie namo of tbe children that would conio after them, ho bogged thorn to bury all bigotry. (Applause.) If . thoyworeEpisoopalianBorWcsloyunslottheuiwui'Bhip at tha shrine which thoir mothors had taught them, and if thoy wero Homan Catholics lot them do tho samo, but still join hnnd-in-hand without regard to nationality or religion, and go to the ballot-box nnd do their duty in assisting to raiso New South Walos into a glorious nation. (Long continued applauso.) , Mr. Hassall next addressed the meeting. He stood before them as a young Australian desirous oE seeing his country take her proper place among the nations of the earth. Ho denied the charge that had been made by Mr. Wiso that he had re ceived a ' tip ' to go to his electorate the day before the date of nomination was announced, nnd that the nomination had been lixetl in older that, there should be no opposition, lieeause they knew be would have been wiped out. lie had been returned three times for his electorate, twice without oppo sition, and he had not much to fear from Mr. Wise, '~ or any other freetrader. (Applause). He hud not been born with n silver spoon in his mouth, but had to work his way up through the hardships of bush life, and ho was proud to say that thu position be occupied was within reach ot overy young man of. energy in Australia. But it was to the Australians they looked in this struggle, and not to the men who had been imported from the uld country, and who remained in Sydney. They looked to the men who had forged their way over the mountains, like Itlaxland, Weutworth. and l.uwsun, and not to the ' Calico Jemmies,' who had never offered their services to the country until they found that their craft was in danger. He quoted from the roport of the Chamber of Commerce in Sydney when :i meeting was held prior to the last ulcction.-,;-i:GV.'inx that the members had given their men extra holi days, not. only to vote, but to hunt up voters. These were nut. the men who would benetit tho colony, and thoy must look to Iho men in Iho intorior if they wanted men to fight in tbo peoples' cause. Tho advocates of froo trado were very anxioim '!iuut tile colony creating manufacturing monopo lists, but Hi ere must ho manufacturing monopolists somowhoro, it was suroly hotter to hnvo them horo where they would givo the peoplo work than to keep them in another part of tho world by buying their goods, for whon tho articles they purchased wcra worn out both cash and goods wero gono, whereas if thoy employed tho labour bore the money would bo kopt in circulation in tho colony. Ho quoted a specoh *~ mado by Sir Henry Pnrkes twdiily-oight yoars ago in favour of protecting nativo industries, and con tended that ho was bettor ablo to form n sound opinion whon young and vigorous than bo was now, when ho was in his dotage. Tho colony was going from bad to worso under free trade, ns they had sold the land and spent all their borrowed monoy, nnd had nothing to fall back upon. He declared that the deficit had been created by tho stoppiigo of tho laud sales nnd tho refusal of the I'arkea party to allow any other source of revenue. He compared the condition of England at tho present timo, and said that tho fnrmors bad been ruined by tho competition with Uussin and India. Ho quoted slatitUios shewing tho amount spent on imported produce, and concluded that New South Wales should grow till that produce and keop the money in the co'ouy. He said bo was a discriminating protectionist, advo cating duties only on things that could ho manufac tured in* growu horo, and allowing all else to come in free. Aftor leferring to the action of the l'nrkes' Government with regard to the Circular Quay, tho Parrnmatta cottages, the Tramway leasing, and fie llorusby-Burns roads, he said the battlo was between young Australia and (he importing monopolists— between tho city and thu country ; ancl a though the latter had gone for free trade, the electors in the country from the border on the South and from tho border on the North had , returned protectionists. It was a case ot brains nnd JJj ability against money bags. (Applause). ^r A vote of thanks to the speakers, moved by Mr. Halliday and seconded by Mr. Ryan, was followed by cheers for the Chairman and the Queen, and the meeting — which had been most orderly throughout, not one interruption being offered — came to a close. 