THE DAY OF REST. WORKING OUT WHAT IS WORKED IN. [By the Bey. C. H. Fpurgeon.) "Work ont jour own salvation with fear and trembling. For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of Bis good pleasure." —Phllippians IL 12,18. I have frequently heard these words addresied to an Indiscriminate audience, and it has always struck me that they hare thereby been twisted from their right meaning. They are beyond all question addressed to those who are already saved through a living faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. The Bible ought to be treated in conformity with common sense as yon would use any other book. If you to'ik the writings of any author, however carefully he might express himself, if yon picked out a sentence here and a sentence there, you might make the man say what he never believed; nay, even make him the supporter of opinions which be abhors. So with the Bible; if you pay no regard to the connection and general run of the passsage you miss the mind of the spirit, and rather thrust your own mind into God's words than bring out God's mind from the words of the Holy Ghost. The exhortation before ns is solely given to the people of God, and I feel it to be more than my conscience could endure to force it into any other service. To as many as are obedient to the gospel (verse 18) the word of the Holy Ghost comes, "Workout your own salvation with fear and trembling. For it is God that worketh in you." There are two parts of our salva Hon, the one complete, the other as yet incomplete, though guaranteed to be brought to perfection. The Brat part consists of a work Tor us ; the second of a work In ns. The work for us Is perfect—none can add thereto. Jesns Christ onr Lord has offered a complete atonement for all the offences of His people.' He took His people into union with Him self, and they became entitled to all the merit of His righteousness; partakers of His everlasting life, inheritors of His glory. Saints are therefore saved completely so far as substitutionary work is concerned. Such was the meaning of those msjeslic death-words of onr Lord, " It is finished." He had finished transgression, made mi end of sin, and brought in everlasting r'ghteousness, and thus pir fected for ever tbem that are set apart. With the work of Christ we cannot intermeddle. We are never told to.work that out, but to receive it by faith. Justification is not by human effort, but by the free gtftof God. The second part of salvation consists of a work in ns—the operation of the Holy Ghost. As many as were redeemed by the blood of Jems are also in due time renewed In the spirit of their minds. The Holy Ghost in regeneration descends into a man and creates in him a new nature. He does not destroy the old. That remains still to be battled with and overcome. Thongh the nature which the spirit Implants Is perfect in lte kind and degree, yet it is not perfect in its development. It is a seed which needsto work itself out into a tree, an Infant which requires to grow into the stature of a perfect mao. God bavins first worked it in, it becomes the business of the Christian life to work out the secret Inner principle till it permeates the entire system, overcomes the old natnre, and reigns supreme Understand then it Is not to the mediatorial work of Christ, not at all to the pardon of our mns or the justification of onr persons, that Paul refers, but only to our inner spiritual life. He says of that, " work It ont with, fear and trembling. For it lis God that worketh in yon." Note ;—L The matter to be worked ont; 2 The model to be worked to ; - 8\. The spirit in which we are to work ; and 4. The great encouragement suggested for snch working.' I. The matter to be worked ont Is '1 your own salvation,7 Bvery Christian is to be a worker for tbe good and salvaUon-of others. It Is doubtful whether a man knows the Lord himself unless he desires to extend tbe boundaries of the Master's kingdom. But on no aocount is any Christian to thluhthat he can safely neglect the Interest of bis own souL " Work ont yonr own salvation," Begin at home.' Seek the- spread of tbe truth, but first knowthe truth yourself, and dally seek to under stand it better. Yon are bound to attempt tbe re* claiming of the wandering, but take heed lest yon yourself wander. However unselfish yon may become—God grant that yon may have much un selfishness—still it is equally a law of nature and of grace that yon sbonld see to self-preservation. If yon neglect this you will become nnable to do aught for the salvation of others. Ploughing another man'a field, suffer not yonr own to lie fallow. Yon preach against the sluggard, let not tbe thorn and the thistle grow in yonr own garden. Tbe first business of a Christian man is to see that all his own graces are in a vigorous condition, that repentance always weeps for eta. that faith alwiys looks to the errs-, that patience becomes strong<r to bear her moss, tha- hone's eyes are clear to behold the craning glory, that to faith we add courage, to courage pattenre, to patience brotherly kiudnes", end to brotherly kindness charity We are nerer to alt down, and say, ".My life-work iB over; I am >aved j I am sated; I hare no pilgrimage to make to the celestial city j l wage no war for driving ont the i Canaan!tea." The time of rest will come on the i otber aide of Jordan. -It is for you to proas forward I like a racer who>e price is not yet won, to watch like a warrior whose confiict is not ended Now, the matter to be worked out is something which is , at the Fame time worked in. We may safely defy anybody to work a thing out which is not first in. Ocd, we are told, worketb in us ; therefore we are to work the inward towards the outward. We work out, bring out, educe from witbin ourselves to out exterior of life, tbat which God constantly wo ks in us in the secret recesses of our spiritual being If a man works out that which la within, apart from wbat God has wrought in him, he will naturally work out that which is ol his own nature or of the devil, strife, envying, murder, and I know not what. Work out the human heart, work out what nature has worked to, aod you work out the hideous criminal or the proud and self-righteous Pharisee. But, believer, there are better principles in you. Ton have faith, work it out then, act like a believer, trust God in daily life. You possess the incorruptible seed. Let your whole conduct be ■ - ■ ' ~ Christlike, incorruptibly pure and heavenly. Be Chr inasmuch as the Spirit of Christ dwelleth in you. " Your own salvation," the text Bays, and that is correct enoogh. Holiness iB salvation. Our salva tion from the gnilt of sin—that has been done by Christ. We have now to work ont our salvation from the power of sin. A man may be saved from the gnilt of sin, aud yet not altogether saved from its power. For instance, a saved man may be defiled by being pnrse-prond, prond of bis position or talents; now the believer most, with fear and trembling, work ont his salvation from that moat intolerable evil. A man may be the subject of a qnick and hasty disposition, often angry without a caose. My brother, yonr salvation from sin is not complete until you are saved from a bad temper; and day by day with solemn resolution yon should work ont yonr saltation from tbat. I might take any form of besetting sin, and in each case bid yon labour for salvation from its bondage. Working out by vehement efforts after holiness our entire deliverance from sin; tbat I be'ieve to be the great business of the Christian's life. The sculptor, when ever he sees a suitable block of marble, firmly believes that there is a statue concealed within it, and that his business is but to take away the superfluous material, and so unveil the " thing of beauty" which shall bp " a joy for ever." Believer, you are that block-of marble; you have been quarried by divine grace, and set apart for the Master's service. But we cannot see the image ol Christ in you yet as we could wlBh, There are traces of it,, dim outlines of what is to be; it is for yon, with chisel and mallet, with constant endeavour and dependence upon God, to work oat that image of Christ in yourself. God has sketched the image of his Son in you. Go on chipping away these sins, infirmities, and corruptions, till the fair likeness of the Incarnate God shall be seen by all. You are this day like the Israelites in Canaan. Yon have not to escape from Egypt With a high hand and with an outstretched arm God has set you free from the Pharaoh of yonr sin. You have not to fight your way towards the land—you are in It. But now you have to extend the kingdom within your self by routing one nation of Bins after another. In the power of the Spirit hang up your corruptions before the light ol the sun—destroy them utterly; let not one escape. Canaan will nerer be a place of' rest to you till you have driven away the Canaanites. II. The model to be worked to. Every artist re quires some pattern or idea in his mind to which he ie to work. Befer to the chapter itself. Paul has been urging all God's people to be" like-minded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one .1 »' Than an fa ha all hnnS <n tha aama Inna mind." They are to be ail found in the same love, not some loving the rest, bat each loving ail, and not even a single person exempted; every soul flaming with the sacred fire. Hewonld have them knit together in every sacred enterprise, fused Into one race, made to love each other with a pnre heart fervently. Now by this may we tell whether we are becoming like our Lord. What 1b our stand ing towards our fellow Christians ? When the Church marches like the old Boman legion, every man keeping step, each WBriior inspired as with one soul when he saw the eagle brought to the front, and followed it to victory or death, then the Church has life and vigour, and only then. If our enemies are to be put to confusion it must be by the united efforts of all the people of God—unity is strength. The Lord send purity and unityto Zion ; then, woe be to thy gates, 0 PhUistia I The next verse gives us another rule for guidance in our sacred statuary, as I shall call it; it is humility, "Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory." Speak of great works tbat have. been achieved by engineers, ' bridges cast over ravines, mountains bored—here is i a work far more tremendous, which no man might ventnre to attempt but for the encouragement that God has already wrought it in him. Nothing is to be done through strife. How much of religious service is from top to bottom carried ont In strife ? I know from experience that the spirit of strife may easily enough come into the pnlpit, and the minister may be seeking to outran bis neighbour when he thinks is be filled with zeal for God. The devil has had a finger in the building of many places of worship. Whenever I serve God out of any motive of emulation or strife. I prove to myself that I .have not worked out my salvation from ons evil passion at least. I have need to fear and tremble, to begin again and labour diligently till pride be driven out of my soul. " Let nothing,' again, " be done ont of vainglory." Bat bow mach is done out of vataglory. Many dress ont of vain rry. The thongnt is uppermost. " How do look in this 7' Many give to God's cause out of vainglory, that they seem to be liberal. Too often workers magnify their own labours, and, if they can, pull other people's work down in order to make their own appear to be rising rapidly. This vainglory all shows tbat we are not yet conformed to tbd image of tbat great model of perfection, Jeans Christ, the Apostle and High Priest of our profession. Next, the Apostle says, " In lowliness of mind let each eBteem other better than themselves." Bunyan beautifully portrays Christiana and Mercy oomtag up out of the bath of the interpreter's house. They have had jewels put npon them, and when they are both washed Mercy eaith to Christiana, " How comely and beautiful you look I" " Nay," Christiana eaid "my Bister, I see no beauty in myself, but bow lovely you look. I think I never saw such loveliness." They were both lovely because thejr could see other people's loveliness. Your own spiritual beauty may be measured by what you can see In others. When yon say, " Ah 1 there are no saints now," it Is to be feared that yon are not one. When you complain that love ie dead in the Christian Church, it must be dead in your heart, or you would not Bay so. As yon think of others so you are. Out of your own mouth shall you be con demned. Yonr com shall be measnrtd with your own buBheL When we come to admire the good in other people that we have not yet attained our selves, instead of depreciating other people be cause they have not something which we have, when we get to that we shall be evidently approaching nearer to Christ. The apostle lingers one msment mors to Inculcate I the development of the spirit of mutual charity. " Look not every man on bis own things, but every man also on tbe things of others." In temporal matters do not think it to be enough if your own business prospers; let other men have some share in yonr concerns. If they be poor and yon wealthy, help them. H they are in straits and yon possess abundance, minister to tbeir necessities. Let not ;chrlst be naked and you able but un willing to clothe Him. Let not Christ he sick and you visit Him not. In spiritual things think It not enough yourself to live near to God; take tbe cases of others who may have backslidden, and lay them before tbe throne of grace. By loving rebuke or gentle admonition restore each as are fallen, remem bering thyself lest thon also be tempted. Observe the orfft of the apoetle; if we are to work out onr own salvation it mast be by patting self down in the -dust and becoming unselfish. Here U the work, here is the difficulty. The descent into tbe Avernos of sin is easy enough'.' H6ir jtniny "slide into sin as swiftly as travellers glissading down the snowy side of an Alp I bnt toil upward, to climb the lull bf God,: this Is the work, this la. the diffi culty. Blessed is that man, who, leaning on the eternal aim, works' ont his own salvation, and is permitted to ascend tbe hill of the Lord and to etandln Hts holy place. Before the apostle bad done with hii subject he eet beforethe Philippians tbe best model in the world. "Letthis mind be in you, which was also In Christ Jesus, who, being in the form of God. thought it not robbery to be equal with God; but madebimself of no reputation, and took upon Him tbe form ol a servant, and was mads in the likeness ol men; and being found in fashion as a mm, He humbled himself, and became obedient onto death, even the death of the Cross." There Is your model. Jesns stoops from Godhead to manhood, from ttrs throne above the churubim to the manger, side by Bide with the cattle. Btoon, brother, if yon would rise: If yon would be great be little ; if yon would be high be low; if yon wonld be exalted con descend. Be like the Master, willing even to give up life Itself If it be tor God's glory. We shall not hare thorough worked ont oar salvation from the bondage of this fleshly body till we are willing to give np reputation and honour. If we may but serve Christ, willing to put our neck upon the block, oar property to shipwreck, and to give all np for Him, if so He wills It. Ah I this is hard work. The roots of our iwlflshness go very deep. The battle ends only with life, but ws shall earn the victo-y by God's grace. His power within shall help us to bring ourselves down to that heavenly nothingness in which God is all in alL We shall master our in clinations, conquer onr lofty thoughts, lay low our Srlde Then, then will God also highly exalt us, as le has His dear Son ; then shall we reign with Him< for ever and ever. III. The spirit in which we are to work. It is to be an energetic spirit. From the Greek word for " work" we get our Bnglish worn " energy." The bringing cut of the new nature is a work of superlative difficulty. Some appear to hare imbibed the notion that the grace of uod is a kind ot opium - with which men may drag themselves into slumber. "God works in us," say they, " therefore there is nothing for us to do." Bad reasoning, false conclu sion. God works, says the text; therefore we must work out because God works in. The assistance of divine grace is not given to ns to pat aside our own efforts, but to excite them. God comes to us to work in ns "to will"—resolution and firmness. He works in us " to do." A man will never overcome sin except by energy. Yon cannot get your pride down by merely resolving to do it. Yon will have to watch that old enemy as a detective watches a thief. When yon think, "At last I have really overcome him,"yon will discover him at work under another shape, and yonr conflict will commence anew. YtB, our life must be spent in constant watching, and as we find ourselves tripp ng, we must add constant repentance, perpetually prajing to be upheld for the future, pressing forward evermore. Evermore; for topanse is to retreat, to halt is to be driven back. Work out yonr own solvation further, "with fear." What kind of fear is that! This is not the fesr of purgatory, or the fear of hell: it is not the fear of falling from grace and being ultimately lost. I do not believe that this fear is ever need ful to a child of uod. If I believe in Jeans I am no more afraid of being lost than that God him self should die. We have Christ's word for it, " I give unto my sheep eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any pluck them out of my hand." Yon do not suppose that Paul, who knew that fear, "bath torment," and is cast ont by perfect love, wonld tell ns to work ont our salvation under so disheartening an influence. The fear of the text is a hallowed, childlike fear, a reverential awe of the Most High, a pious dread of offending. But the "trembling," what is that? Heirs of grace have a trembling which is akin to Joy; they " rejoice with trembling." Under a sense of ' the presence of God we tremble lest we should sin, leBt we grieve the Spirit end vex the Holy One of Israel. We know what it is to tremble witlr the exceeding joy and glory of the love of God shed > abroad in our souls. We know what It is to contend with Bin under a divine impulse, and to bs filled' with tremulous anxiety while wrestling with our foe. Hu le to be trembled a*, and God also. There Is a double-cause for a solemn awe in the business of the soul's Inner life. It is no child's play, but art awfol weighty business. I pray God we may know' more of holy trembling, that the awful majesty of' divine love may be so revealed to us that we may be prostiate beneath its force, wondering how it is that we are permitted to stand in the midst of such , a blaze of love, a buih burning but unconsumedi IV. The eweet encourasemmt which the text affords. We are to work out our salvation for this reason, " It is God which worketh in yon to will and to do of His good pleasure." Here is help in an exercise beyond your power; help all-sufficient for every emergency; help which it ennobles you to re ceive; help which ft Satan shall pnt on his utmost force, and your corruptions arrive at their utmost power, shall yet be more than equal to the day. Grace all sufficient dwells in you, believer. 1 hire is a living wed within you springing np; keep on drawing. Continue to struggle, you trill not exhaust the life force God has placed within yon. There Is a grow ing mine of gold, Inexhaustible, divine ; cease not to work it out. God works in ns to will. The desire after holiness, the resolution to put down sin, the pang of grief because we have sinned, the stern re solve that we will not fall into that sin again—all, all is of God. He works in yon to do—the power to achieve the victory, the power to smite down the loftiest plnme of pride. God is equal to all emer gencies ; fear not though you be subject to ten thou sand dangers He will give yon power to do the right the juBt, the lovely, and the true. He worketh gloriously in yon. The best heaven I could wish would be perfectly to be rid ol self, perfectly free from tendencies to evil Is not this the heaven you are panting alter 7 If it is you shall have it. If you have grace enough to pine after it, grace enough to labour lor it, you shfdl yet have grace enough to win it. I have thus addressed God's people; to the un believer I hsve a message. It is but a sentence. " Believe in the Lord Jesns Christ, and thou sb&It; be saved." Thou hast nothing to do with working yet. Believe first, and when thou hast believed, then eet to work. 