amongst the books. LITERARY GOSSIP. From Munich comes news of tho death of Pro fessor von Holtzeiulorff, the celebrated authority on public and criminal law. He was only 60 years old. It is generally believed in well informed Lon don circles that the famous Bismarck article in the Contemporary was written by Madame Adam, of tho Sougelli Jlcvue; re- written by Mr. Stead, and finally revised by Mr. Percy Bunting. Mr. Tracy Ttirnerelli.of Beaconsfieldnotoriety, who occupies a position in literature ineffably below that hold by Mr. Martin Favqnhar Tapper, has attained a rank from which he can defy the critics. The title page of his last book, "A Russian Princess and a Russian Ghost Story," published by the Hansom Cab Company, bears tho inscription " Fifty First Thousand." "Dr. Palliser's Patient," a sensation medical story which appeared originally in theP«K Mall Cueettc, narrating hoiv a Parisian doctor was beguiled into the charge of a most objectionable male creature, a human wild boast pos sessed of diabolical cunning, is reprinted by Mr. Samuel Mullen. The book is not one to bo put into the hands of children or young persons. The author of that powerful but unpleasant novel " The Silence of Dean Maitland " and of " The Reproach of Annesley," now running in Murray's Mayaunc, is, says tho Rialto, a lady. Maxwell Gray is a mm <(e plume, the lady's real name being Uttiel. She is a hopeless invalid — the one child of a physician practising in the Isle of Wight. Lord Tennyson is said to be a strong admirer of her genius. A brief but sympathetic biograpbyof General Gordon has been written by a brother officer, Sir William Butler, antl is published by Messrs. Macmillan and Co., in their series of " English Men of Action." The author vindicates Gordon from the aspersion of being a gloomy man of action of the religious class of church militant such as the earlier Templars, but claims for him that he stands out the foremost man of our time and nation whose ruling principles were faith and good works. The Hew edition of Mr. Ruskin's " Modern Painters " is the most important liternvy pro duction emanating lately from the London pub lishing . offices. ' The' book, of which the first issue consists of a special edition of 450 copies, all ravenously applied for, and a further general issue, contains both retouched and re-engraved plates, all printed on India paper with laige mar gins. Mr. Uollingwood has exercised the general supervision, while Mr. Wedderburn has compiled the index. The subscription prize of £10 10s. has been enhanced by 4 guineas and is likely to bccomo still more costly. The third volume of Chambers's Encyclopaedia, under the letter C and the heginning of D, will contain a great number of interesting articles, treated chicliy from a .Scotch point of victv. Among these are : Celts, by Professor Rhys ; Clan, by tho Duke of Argyll ; Climate, by Dr. Buchan, and Cervantes, by Mr. Ormshy. Other important articles, entrusted to competent hands, are Christianity, Coaling Stations, Crof ters, Chancer, Congrevo, Chatterton, Cicero, Chatham (Earl of), Cromwell, Currency, Dar win and Dickens. Tiie articles relating to Geology will como from the pen of Professor Geikic. One of the most notable books of this year will bo " King's Handbook of the United States. " It will contain 520 pages of text, maps and pic tures—a veritable mosaic of pictures, there being more than 1200 small original illustrations, averaging three on every type page, and pic- torially. showing tho 1200 most noteworthy features of the country. Thero will bo 50 full pago maps, ono of each state and territory, and a double page of the United States, exquisitely printed iu threo colors. Tiie book was planned and is being supervised by Mr. Moses King, and will be published by ihc Moses King Corporation of Boston. An amusing story is told in Mr. Stanley Lane- Poolo's ."Life of tho Right Hon. Stratford Canning, Viscount Stratford do Redcliffc." During the session of Congress, lie relates, the President held a drawing room once a fortnight, and Mrs. Adams gave a party one night in the week. On one of these occasions a trifling in cident threatened to destroy Canning's peace of mind. A young lady gave him a flower, aud he accepted it, and thought it a very pretty pro ceeding. To his dismay, one of his friends in formed liim that this was the recognised form of betrotlial at Washington. His Excellency, in a terrible state of _ consternation, rushed to his room and addressed a despatch to the girl dis claiming any particular signification tljat might be'<V ttecilcd'to tuST stiiTpie cpcrgticirbr placing a flower, given by her fair hands, in his button hole, aud requesting her to reply in similar terms. A regular convention was signed, and Canning got out of tho scrape like a good diplo matist, without cession or indemnity. 