OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, November 16, 1889. The eccentric Mr. Graham's motion for a new trial in the Campbell-Praed libel case, having been dismissed with costs by Lord Justices Field and Manisty, the foolish fellow yesterday tried the Court of Appeal, where It, of course, met with a similar fate. The Master of (he Rolls Indeed was distinctly satirical at Graham's expense, and he most now with he had taken friendly advice, and paid up the £500 the jury mulcted him lor hla libel lous folly promptly. The costs alone have, it seems, swelled to three times that sum. Mitchell, the prize-fighter, was prose cuted on Wednesday for knocking down and depriving of two teeth a sportsman named Hart, on the night of the Slavln and Goode boxing match. The affair toot place In a Haymarket c«fe>, where "Pony" Moore (the famous "faone?") was "standing" the party a little refreshment In the shape of 18 bottles of " fizz" and 30 cigars. Mitchell grew annoyed at some not over polite reflections of Mr. Hart's on Moore, who la his father-in-law, and being " not too drunk, bnt just drunk enough," finally let ont at Hart's proboscis. Hart was then catted off to the hospital in a gory condi tion. I fancy though nothing was said In court there were a good many fights that evening. The magistrate did not, how ever, prove curious, and, dismissing the fracas as " a drunken row," let Mitchell off with £5 and costs. At this the face of Bart—who had refused £25 to compound matters, and confidently reckoned on " quadding" his assailant for at lea3t two months—was a picture. Professor Pepper, who Is over here frcm Australia on a visit, lectured on Friday evening last In the old familiar hall at the Polytechnic, which once knew him bo welL The Bubject was the famous ghost Indelibly associated with the pro* feesor'a name, and it drew together a large and Interested audience. Pepper's ghost, In fact, was quite In its old form, and as Inscrutable a phenomenon as heretofore. In the course of a with a Pall Mall Gazette reporter the venerable professor recalled some entertaining remi niscences. *' It Is exactly 10 yean," said the erstwhile prince of the Polytechnic, "since I left London, where my ghost performance sprang into popularity about a quarter of a centnry ago. 1 and my family hays been living In Brisbane, Australia, for the last 10 years, and my wife's health was the chief reason of oar return. We had a large and comfortable 'place' out there. Neighbors would often eeiid In, asking me to let them have half a dozen trees, which I gave with as little thought as if they had been cauliflowers In England. I was appointed analyst to the city, and used to have fine fun when people tried to bribe me—all in vain, of course—not realising that all samples reached me simply with a number attached, affording no doe to identification. I lectured a little, including some lectures of a more serious scientific character th?n I usually give. And, by-the-way," be continued, " that reminds me of one of the leading principles of my old enter tainments at the Polytechnic—l always tried to steer the ship co as to give plenty of entertainment, while never forgettlog the freight of science that we had to throw overboard. Had it not been for weak management the old Polytechnic would still be In existence and nourishing. Bat £30,000 was lost there in 15 years, and that is not a small sum ; considering it I have all the more admira tion for Mr Qulntln Hogg's lavish outlay ; It is not every day in the week that oae comes across such a man, I spent fire yean in America, where such lectures as mineproved a decidedly attraction jvelty; bnt their powers of drawing everywhere have always been great—indeed, my ghost illusion has realised many thousands of poucd? from first to last." And then the worthy professor, mentioning the ex penses attendant on his scientific training In the state of such matters in his young days, spoke about his small bat faith ful band of actors and actresses, especially of one young lady who used to play the leading parts in the Pepperian dramas. She went on and on, now as queen, now as mermaid, then as peasant, and what sot until something like 12 years had passed, when she grew co etont that audiences laughed at her ultra-unromantic appearance, and her marriage end retirement occurred. "She was b worthy soul," said Mr. Pepper, with a genial smile. The professor will shortly give other lectures In other places, and a fortnight's entertainment, with the resuscitated "ghost," at the Polytechnic at Christmas. Fortunately he has no need to lecture, but is a firm believer in not getting " rusty." With some cordial praise of the present Polytechnic labora tory Mr. Pepper, with thanks for good wishes, then hurried to look after Ms preparations for tonight; " for," Bald he, ** after a long rest such as I have had I have to poll myself together to make the thing go smoothly." The Avstralian Trading World in the course of a notice of the antipodean works of art on view at the Burlington Gallery observes :—Perhaps we cannot better record the general Impression pro duced by the colonial works than by re peating a remark made by Mr. Alma Tadema on viewing the pictures. We understand that Mr. Tadema said there was a freshness about these colonial works that was extremely pleasing ; that whether one visited the English exhibition of works of art, or the continental galleries in Paris or Vienna, one saw the same style of wotk over and over again, and the great artist added that future painters would be likely to seek their Impressions In colonial ccenery and surroundings. Amongst judges of really artistic work, these paintings by colonial artists have produced a geat Impression, the works being really true sketches from nature. Mr. Gouldsmith has some very fine draw ings cf Hew Zealand scenery, chiefly about Mount Wakatlpu and the West Coast fine bold scenery, and the style of bis work has been much admired. The pictures by Mr. James Macbeth ace very truthful, and characteristic of Australian scenery, and we understand that this artist has been honored with a commission from Lotd Kosebery to paint an Australian picture There la one water color by Mr. A. S. Ward, termed an Australian land scape, but which we believe to be of Ferntree Gully; this picture Is very beautifully painted, and Is a true sketch of one of the fittest bits of Australian nature, it is full of the cheer fulness of climate, whilst the only item of life b a solitary kingfisher perched Qpoa a stone in the water, altogether the picture Is one to " live with " We motb not omit to mention a very beautiful drawing by Mr. A Strott, of Sonth Anattalla, entitled (he " fieturo of the Flock" ; the ebtep are life like, And the work is not much, if at all, behind that of our best aolmsl psicUrs These works of art are a credit to the colonies as well as to the artiste. Tbe Financial Times In a recent Issue vrlus:—Ou tbe 9ch ioat we notified the allotment of the shares in the Aaetrat- Mtsn Alkaline Reduction and Smeltiog Company, all of which had been prlrately subscribed. The directors have not let the grass grow under their feet, for ac cording to otic Information the syndicate's fiwt "baby" will see the light before the end of this month. Already negotiations ate far advanced. It will be called the South Australian Alkaline Reduction and Smelting Company, and the price to be paid to the vendor syndicate la said to be £15000 In cash and £30,000 In sharea, to pay the parent company a dividend of SO per cent. In cash and 100 jpe* icentlnaharea. No free market exlsos jet, bat the riiares changed hands yester day at over S premium 