HIS FATHER'S NAME. CHAPTER XXIV_(Continued.) \ While Everet Mapleson was following the trail of the mystery that possessed such a power of fascina- tion over him, August Huntress and his family were luxuriating at Saratoga. Mr. Huntress had obstinately insisted that Geoffrey should have a long holiday, after the close application of the last three years, although the young man himself would have much preferred, and was very eager, to begin the real business of I his life at once. I m» mu un UUI.C. I " It is time that I was at work for myself," he had pleaded, " and if you will only use your influ- ence, Uncle August, to help me into some good position, my conscience would be easier." "Your conscience needn't trouble you, and I won't hear a word about business for three months ' to come," replied his friend, decisively. " Yon've given yourself no rest during all your college course, and now, my boy, I'm determined that we shall all have a jolly good time together to celebrate your own and Gladys' release from school life." So, by the middle of July, they were settled for the summer in pleasant rooms at the Grand Union, and were as happy and united a party as ever visited that resort of gayety and fashion. Gladys was very much admired from the first ; her beauty and charming manners winning her legions of friends. But none of them were to be compared to Geoffroy, and the lovers managed to be much by themselves, in spite of the fact that "that de- lightful Miss Huntress was such a favourite with everybody." One morning they were leisurely strolling through one of the shady avenues of Congress Park, when they saw a distinguished looking gentleman advancing toward them. He did not appear to notice them, however, until he was almost upon them, when, suddenly looking np, he gave a violent start of surprise ; then he ad- vanced with an eager smile and extended hand, exclaiming : *. " Why, Everet Mapleson ! Where on earth did you drop from ? I should as soon have thought of seeing the Emperor of Russia as yourself this morn- ing." Geoffrey lifted his hat and bowed politely to the speaker, as he replied : 1 " You have made a slight mistake, sir ; I am not Everet Mapleson, although this is not the fust"time that I have been taken for him." " Nonsense ; don't try to play such a joke on ne -I've known youltoo many years for you to palm yourself off as anyone else," returned the gentle- man, laughingly, while he shot an amused glance at the young man's companion, as if he suspected that she was the cause of his wishing to remain in. cog. " I assure you sir, I am speaking only the truth. Pam not Everet Mapleson," Geoffrey reiterated. The stranger's face grew suddenly overcast.. ' " Then who in thunder aro you ?" he demanded, in sharp, excited accents. " My name is Geoffrey Dale Huntress at your service, sir," Geoffrey responded, courteously, al- though he flushed hotly at the curt question. " Geoffrey Dale! Good heavens !" cried the man, shrinking back as if he had .been dealt a violent blow, and growing deathly pale. Geoffrey himself turned white at this. He was ever on the alert to gain some knowledge of his parentage, and this man's strange manner made him think that perhaps he might know some- thing of his early history. " Yes, sir ; I perceive that the name affects you strangely. Did yon ever hear it before ?" he asked, earnestly, searching the stranger's face. "Ah-years ago-a friend-excuse me-I am very much overcome," the man murmured, inco; herently.%as he staggered to a rustic bench near by, whore, sinking upon it and bowing his head upon his hands, he groaned aloud. Geoffrey stood transfixed, his face plainly betray- ing anxiety, dread, and perplexity, while he was in- wardly so excited over this strange meeting that Gladys as she leaned upon his arm, could feel him trembling in every limb. " Will you kindly explain yourself, sir ?" Geoffrey pleaded at length, and feeling that the silence and mystery were becoming intolerable. "Do you know aught of me-of any person named Dale ?" The gentleman- shivered, as if the question had jarred upon some sensitive chord. " Yes," he answered, after a moment of hesita tation, while he lifted a haggard face to his ques- tioner ; " years ago I had a friend by that name ; but-but-" " Will you relate the history of that friend to me ?" Geoffrey asked, with white lips, and speak- ing with an effort. \ Something seemed to tell him that he was standing upon the very threshold of the reflation for which he had longed for so many years. Again the stranger shrank as if he had been smitten. "Why do ask me.that?" he huskily demanded. " Because," Geoffrey returned, with grave earn- estness, " there is a mystery connected with my own life-because, when I was a child I was aban- doned in the most cruel manner, and but for the goodness of the man who found mo an outcast in the streets of New York-" "New York! How came you there? interrupted his listener, amazed. " That is more than I can tell you, sir. This gentleman found me in a state of imbecility, took me to his home, cared for me until I was restored to my right mind, and then adopted and educated me as his own son ; but for him I should still have been an imbecile, and more pitiable than the low- est paupers that wander about the streets of that city." .'"What! what is this that yon are telling me? An imbecile ! I cannot understand," cried the man, looking bewildered. " I do not know how I came to be in such a state," Geoffrey continued; "the physicians said it waa caused by some injury while I was very young, so my life before that time has remained a ' mystery to myself and those who have befriended me. If you can throw any light upon it, sir, I en- treat you to do so." The man quickly arose from his seat at this appeal, but staggered like a person who had been drinking deeply, and seemed like one who had sus- tained a terrible mental shock. "Icannot tell you anything now," he said, put- ting his hand to his head. " I shall have to ask you to excuse me. I cannot think ; I must have time to recover myself. "I do not understand your excessive emotion, sir. I do not understand your desire to avoid explaining your very strange words and manner." Geoffrey interposed, looking both pained and anxious ; " but I am terribly in earnest about this moffat a-nA if irnll Vnow nnvMiinrr oTinnf TYITT f">";l" matter, »nu u you b.uow uuybning aDouc my lamuy or antecedents, I beg that you will not keep me in suspense." " Some other time I will talk with you again," murmured the stranger turning aside, and striving to keep his eyes averted. " When ? name any place and hour, and I will come to you," said Geoffrey eagerly. ' The man thought a moment, then said : " Come to me at five o'clock this afternoon, at the ' United States .' inquire for room forty-five." He turned abruptly away and would have passed on, but Geoffrey detained him, " What is your name, please ?'* he asked. " That you shall know when we meet again," was the evasive reply. " Tell me one thing," pleaded the young man, greatly agitated ; " did this- friend of yours, have a son bearincr the uame that I have given vou ?" A groan of psin escaped the man. " Come to me at five this afternoon. I am not fit to talk more with you now," was the tremulous I reply and the man moved weakly away, seeming more like a person eighty years of age than like the up- right, distinguished looking individual of fifty whom the young couple had met a few moments before. CHAPTER XXV. OEOrrnET PICKS VP A. THREAD. ' "Who can he be?" How strangely he acts/ W Gladys said, as she gazed after the retreating form. " One would almost believe he has some personal connection with your history, he was so agitated on learning your name." " I am Bjure that he has, Gladys ; I believe that man is my father !" Geoffroy replied, with quivering lips. " Oh, Geoff !" " I do, dear j and I fear, too, that there is some miserable secret connected with my early life," " Do not think that," the beautiful girl pleaded} " I will not believe it without the strongest proof j and even if it should be so, the fact cannot harm you." " Gladys," Geoffrey said, in a stern, repressed tone, while his face was dreadful to look upon ia its ghastliness, " if there is since connecsed with, my life-if I find that my birthright is one of shame-I can never ask you to share it. Gladys clasped both hands closely about her lover's arm. '{Geoffrey, surely you will not ruin both our lives >by any such rash decision ?" she pleaded lifting her troubled face to his. " It is you whom " I love, not an illustrious pedigree. As far as my , ' I future with you is concerned, I care not who or what I your parents may have been. Do not lot anything of that nature come between us ; it is false pride, and unworthy of you." The young man regarded her with exceeding tenderness, but he was still greatly disturbed by his recent interview with the stranger, and could not readily regain his composure. He believed that he was on the verge of an im- portant discovery, and he was at the same time impressed that it would only bring him shamo and sorrow. ^ "Gladys, would,you not shrink from marrying a man whose mother had never been a wife?" he asked, a, hot flush mounting to his brow. " I could never shrink from you, Geoffrey, and I would not accept the proudest position in the land in exchange for your love. I might deeply regret such a circumstance, on your account ; but, dear, my affection for you is far too strong to be weak- ened by n mere accident at birth. Let us put all such dismal thougnts away from our minds. I will not believe that dishonor has ever touched you or yours," Gladys concluded, looking up with a fond smile. "Dear little comforter," murmured the young man, trying to return it, though it was but the ghost of one. "Do not go near that man, Geoff," Glady's con- tinued. «'Let us be happy as we are, and-.not trouble ourselves about the past." Thè"poor'fellow sighed as if it would be a great relief to let it go, to consign it to oblivion, but the anxious look did not leave the face. "I cannot, Gladys," he said, with palo, com- pressed lips. " I shall never rest until all the dark mystery of my past life is explained. I must keep my appointment with that man tnis afternoon, and I will not leave him until I have wrung from him every scrap of information that he may possess re- garding me and mine, and if-" "Geoff, what?" cried the young girl breath- lessly, alarmed by his unusual tone, and the look upon bia face. " If I find that that man is my father, and that he wronged my mother, he shall have reason to regret both those factB for the remainder of his * life," was the stern reply. ..-"^Çi " Geoffrey, surely you will do nothing to com- promise yourself ?" Gladys pleaded, anxiously. " No, dear, for your sake as well as my own, I will do nothing to make myself disagreeably con- spicuous. But he will uot forget mo if I find my suspicions are true. You will say nothing to Uncle August or Aunt Alice regarding this encounter, please, until after I have seen him." " No, Certainly not, if you prefer I should not tell them," Gladys readily promised. They turned to retrace their way to the hotel, both too much disturbed by the occurrence of the morning and by forebodings regarding the after- noon's appointment, to care to prolong their stroll. They parted at the ladies' entrance, Gladys going upstairs to her mother's apartments, where Bhe tried to buBy herself with some fancy work until lunch time, although her heart was in a continual flutter of apprehension and miserable suspense. Geoffrey shut himself up in his own room alone for a season, but was too wretched to remain thera inactive, and soon went out again. When the family went down to luncheon he was still absent and his seat vacant. This was such an unprecedented occurrence that Mr. Huntress left the table to ascertain the reason . He soon returned if'ith the information that Geoffrey had gone dut,' but had left word with the clerk, in case inquiries should be made for him, that he might not be back for several hours. Mrs. Huntress glanced at Gladys as her husband made this report, but she gave no sign of either surprise or disappointment. She had noticed an unusal reserve and quietness about her, ever since her return from her walk, and a suspicion crossed her mind that perhaps there might be some mis- understanding or lovers' quarrel, that had caused this unwonted break in the family party. She kept her suspicions to herself, however, re- solving to await further developments. It was after six o'clock when Geoffrey returned. Gladys was watching for him at one end of the verandah and sprang from the chair to go to meet him, as he came up the steps and then stopped short as she caught sight of his face. It was as colorless as marble, and there was a look in his eye that actually mode her tremble. He did not speak or even smile as he came up to her, but quietly drew her hand through his arm, led her within the house and to a small reception room, carefully shutting the door behind them. Then he turned aerain and faced her. " Gladys" he said, in\a hollow, unnatural tone "it is as I feared^-" " Geoffrey !" she cried, in a shocked voice all her own bright color fading. "The worst is true," ho concluded, not heeding her interruption. " Have you seen him ?-did he he tell you so V* she asked. ^'No, I havo not seen him/' " Then how do you know ?" " He has fled." "Fled?" " Yes. I went to the ' United States' at five this* afternoon-. I called a servant to show me the Wfy ?* | to room number forty- five, and was told that tno gentleman who had occupied it left at twelve to- day." " How very strange !" said Gladys, astonished. "No, it is not strange," Geoffroy returned rjt[ bitterly; "the man is a miserable coward and he- <VjW' dare not meet me j his history is doubtless one of " Bhame and wrong-he knew that I would force it from him, and feared to remain and confess it. But Gladys, I shall find bim yet-some day I will compel him to face me and own the truth. I will hunt him down ! he shall not escape me !" *'0h, Geoffrey, pray do not lotit trouble you BO-there may have been some other reason for his ' going," said the young girl, laying her hand sym pathetically on his arm. " No-I tell you he was afraid to meet me, and his guilt is evident in his flight ; he never would have run away like this, if there had been no guilty secret in his life which he was anxious to conceal from toe." " Did you learn his name ?" Gladys inquired. A deep flush arose to Geoffrey's brow, and ho gave a start of annoyance. " No," he said, " I waB so wretched and angry that I never thought to ask his name. When the servant told rae he was gone, I turned on my heel and walked out of the house and have been walking ever since, trying to recover my composure." " That was an oversight,' dear," Baid his betrothed gently, "you should have secured his name and address." " You are right ; I will go back immediately and ascertain it." " Oh, Geoffrey, perhaps it will bo better for you to leave it all just here," the fair girl urged. " ? Where ignorance ÍB bliss'-you know the rest." " But I know too much already ; I can never rest until I sift this matter to the very bottom. Could you, darling ? If you were not Uncle August's own child, and knew there was some mystery connected .with your hirth, would yow be satisfied until yon knew the truth ?" "No, Geoff, I don't believe I should," Gladys remarked, thoughtfully, " and-I know that such a discovery would make me very unhappy," she COIN eluded, with starting tears. Geoffrey stooped and kissed her fondly, then turned abruptly and left the room. The young girl sighed wearily as she slowly followed him. " I am afraid there is trouble in store for him, for my heart is heavy with forebodings," she murmured. Half an honr later Geoffrey returned, and there was now a savage glitter in his eyes, although his face was pale and full of pain. He found Gladys watching for him as before. He went up behind her chair, leaned down, and whispered in her ear : "The man's name is-William Bale, and he registered from Fort Union, New Mexico." Gladys looked around, a startled expression on her face. "William Dale!" she repeated; "then he «tiwi be-'* " My father, and-a parent to be proud of surely," the young man interposed, with exceeding bitter- ness. " Oh, Gladys !" he continued in an agonised whisper, " I feel as if I should go mad-I can bear anything better than dishonour." Gladys turned and laid her soft cheek for an in- stant against the hand that was resting on tho back of her chair. The involuntary and sympathetic caress comfor- ted him more than any words could have done, for it seemed to say, no matter what lay away back among those early years before she knew him, not- hing could change her love for him, and ho would always be the same to her. " I wish I could know the story of my mother's life," Geoffrey continued, with a sigh, while a moisture gathered m his "eyes. " Poor woman ! I am afraid that her fate must have been a sorrowful one. Darling, I believe I shall go to New Mexico and see what I can learn about thiB man who ^ registered from Fort Union." , a "? " Oh, Geoff, I fear it will only be chasing a ' will o' the-wisp !' " Gladys said, looking distressed. " I cannot help it. I must go. Í shall be wret- ched and good for nothing until I leam all there is to know. I am going now to tell Uncle August about it." He sought Mr. Huntress, and laid the whole matter before him, making known his desire, too» to go to New Mexico to see if ho could gain any further clue. Mr. Huntress sympathized heartily with him and favored the project. Ho could well understand how restless and miserable Geoffroy would be until he had used every possible means to discover his parentage. So he did all that he could to hasten and facili- tate his departure and even offered to accompany him but Geoffrey frankly told him that he preferred to go alone. He felt that if he must learn that any stigma rested on his birth, he could not bear to have any one, not even his kind friend, witness the struggle that must come with the knowledge. He could fight }t best by himself. Ho left the next day but one, but owing to delays both by rail and coach, he did not reach Fort Union until ten days later. He made enquiries here for a man named William Dale, but for several days could gain no intelligence whatever regarding snch a person. At last he fell in with an old miner, by the merest accident, who had known a man by that name many years previous, and who directed him to that mining village already described. Thither Geoffrey hastened at once, reaching it one evening just at sundown, and only a week after Everet Maplcson'a visit to the same place. Here he learned something of Annie Dale's story, for Everet's inquiries and interest in the same person had revived memories regarding that sad romance, and it had become a common theme since. Annie Dale's grave and the house whore she had lived were pointed out to Geoffroy, and ho went by hjinself to visit them. > He caine to the dismantled home first, and walked round and round it as Everet Maplaeon had done, peering in through the windows, noting the position of the rooms, and wondering if he should ever know if this had íeally been the home of his mother and under what circumstances she had lived there J whether she had been a loved and honored wife, or whether her early death had been caused by some secret sorrow that had broken her heart. He knew there had been another visitor there be- fore him-although he had been told nothing re- garding those strangers' visit of the week previouB -for the broken step and the trampled grass gave ample evidence of the fact. He wondered if it could have been the man who had so suddenly fled from Saratoga after meenting him, who had perhaps, been driven there by sorrow and remorse to look once more upon the ruin he had wrought. He grew more and more fearful that the story of his birth must bo atorrowful one, for it was evident that no one bearing the name of William Dale had ever resided in Fort Union. He would not have been able to trace the man beyond that spot at all but for his accidental meet 'jtag with the old miner, who had worked in the Muñes where he had owned an interest, and had thuB been able to direct him to this remote village. If William Dale had never lived at Fort Union» why had he registered from that place ? H he was now living at Fort Union and his name was not William Dale, why had ho used that address again fter the lapse of so many years? There was something very mysterious about the whole matter, and it began to seem like a hopeless puzzlo to the young man. He finally left the house and bent his stepB toward that small inclosure whore, in the gathering dusk, he could just see the pure white head-stone, gleaming among the vines that grew all around it He entered tho place and approached the spot' noting that here, too, there were signs of a recent visitor, and knelt down to read the name that had been inscribed upon the spotless marble. "ANNIE," he read, and the single name sent a thrill through every fibre of his being." Here, too, there seemed evidence that there was some sad tale of wrong and suffering connectod with the life of the girl who had been buried there, for had she been a wife and with nothing to conceal would not a fond husband have wished the name that he had given her also chiseled there P " Oh, if I could only fcnoio !" Geoffrey groaned within himself, as he bowed his head upon the stone, feeling completely baffled and as if all trace must end hero. " Was this woman my mother ? She was something to William Dale, and William Dalo is something to me, or ho would never have betrayed so much emotion upon meeting me and then fled from me. Was Bhe his lawful wife ? Am I her child, and had I honorable birth ? " Good Heavens !" ho added, aloud, " there must be some way to solve these qucseions. Oh, if the Fates would but guide me to some one who could tell me how to unravel this mystery !" " Ahern ! Well, youngster, 1 shouldn't wonder if I was yerman. What'll ye give to hear a prettier love story than ever was writ?" (To 6c conitntteiî.) -1-1-_ 