GOOD OLD GHOSTS. A Phantom Ploughman. In the north-western corner of Lower Merion Township , Montgomery County, Pa., a great hubbub has been raised by a phantom farmer who is nightly seen ploughing in a field. The apparition was first discovered about the end of March by a farm band who was return ing late from courting. Emerging from J a wooden pathway that skirted an old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to bear a sepulchral voice commanding a team to halt. He looked in vain about for a moment or two, and was about moving on again when the same sound fell on bis eur. A shiver crept over bim as he heard the creaking of an unseen harness, and his terror was far from being allayed by the whinny of a horse almost directly before bim. At that moment the new moon stole over tbe neighbouring treo tops, and in its misty light he plainly saw the phantom farmer. It was clearly outlined against the dark back ground, and its two hands held in a steady grasp the projecting handles of a plough. Before it march ed a pair of spirited horses, dimly out lined in the misty light, their heads erect aud their eyes Hashing fire as they moved hastily along. The young man waited another moment to reassure himself, and was about to take to his heels when ploughman, hoise, and plough suddenly vanished., Then he, too, fled in wild alarm. Seen by Seven Men. At Silas Brown's corner grocery on the night succeeding this, the young man, Albert Cooper by name, told this startling story. This crowd adjourned to tbe alleged scene of the ghost's opera tions to verify or disprove Cooper's tale. They Had not long to wait, Without the noises that had warned Cooper the night before, the jfiiantom farmer ap peared before the eyes of the seven me:: who sat upon the fence, or, he more accurate, who almost fell from it in terror. His long white hair and beard streaming in the passing wind. No hat was upon h's head, nor could any portion of his face oe seen except the glistening eyes. These shot out from a height of more than seven feet from the ground, indicating the spectral granger was taller than the average of human kind. About his body, ^vhich could not well be traced, there was a phosphorescent glow which dazzled the eyes of the ter rified spectators and shone far ahead of the steadily moving horses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it tossed off the soft, moist earth as easily as a steamerturns rhe^river waves. On ho came, the horses seeming to ex hale fire, their heads erect and arching, and footfalls as firm and clear as any the watchers ever heard. At the cor ner of the field they turned obediently at a word from their spectral driver, and again passed before the affrighted spectators, who there upon fled in haste. The Field Ploughed by the Ghost. On the following morning a crowd of rustics determined to go to the field and see whether any trace of the fanner could be found. As they came in sight of the enclosure one of the number ex claimed in astonishment;' I'll be dura ed if the thing doesn't plough, sure enough.' He was right. One-half of the field had been gone over, evidently by no novice. The furrows were not 'piife ™ broad as those made by an ordinary pier 6'„.. but they were less ragged and more deep, and wt re as straight as the most experienced eye could make them. A day or two after the same group went out to view the fields again, and this time they found that the phantom had finished the work. Tile owner of the field was one of the number, and he took a solemn oath that he had not turned a sod in the en closure.— -P.M.G. 