Intercolonial and Foreign. A railway accident has occurred in Brussels. Fourteen passengers were killed and 50 wounded. A new bank, to be called the "Bank of England and Australia," is being floated in London with a capital of £4,000,000. Mr. Wilfred Blunt has, it is said, in the press a volume of poems composed by him during his imprisonment in Ireland. It will contain a number of sonnets, and some songs of Irish inter est. The home of John Landus, in Miller County, Georgia, was burned to the ground. The next day a little wooden cross was found among the ashes un harmed. The cross was formerly given to Landus by a Sister of Charity, while he was a soldier in the Army of Northern Virginia. The steamers "Nereid" and the "Kil lochan," which recently collided in the English Channel, sank in four minutes after the contact. Twenty four lives were lost, the rescued being those who survive from the "Killochan." This vessel, while on her last passage to New Zealand, sustained damages which cost £10,000 to repair. The race of heroes is not extinct : of that, fortunately, we have instances vouchsafed to us from time to time. The latest example comes from the United States, where one Jim Givens has per formed a feat precisely identical with that which John Hay has celebrated, in his verses on "Jim Bludso." The inci dent occurred in connection with the Mississippi disaster. The burning steamer had touched the bank, and then rebounded. It was absolutely essential that her head should he kept to the bank, if those on board were to be saved. The pilot had jumped overboard, but Jim Givens made his way to the pilot house, and, having brought the steamer's head in position, made the wheel fast. Then, dashing through the flames with his clothes all ablaze, he leapt into the water, and was dragged on shore, where being terribly burnt, he died soon after in indescribable agony." Such deeds as these, to use Sir Philip Sidney's words, stir the heart like a trumpet. They raise humanity in its own estima tion, by proving to it, rather to its own surprise, that it is not wholly or invari ably selfish. It is difficult to he heroic in these times, for the cynical spirit is abroad, checking the impulses which once seemed most noble. However, human instinct is not universally blunt ed, and so it is that every now and then, a man will give his life for the good of his brethren. \---Globe. The Catholic hierarchy in Ireland has openly protested against the inhuman indignity inflicted upon Mr. W. O'Brien, M. P., in prison. An American millionaire has given £2,400,000 for the foundation of a home and industrial school for boys in Phila delphia. Fr. Tenison Woods, F.G.S., F.L.S., has been unanimously re-elected vice president of the Linnean Society of New South Wales. The brother of Mr. Lockwood, Q.C., who is now appearing as one of the counsel for the Irish members of the Parnell Commission lnquiry, has joined the Catholic Church. Sir Andrew Clarke, Inspector General of Fortifications, protests against the proposal to fortify London, and states the navy should be the proper defence of the Empire. On Christmas morning, Mrs. de Fontilliate, a sister-in-law of Mr. WilIiam K. Vanderbilt, the millionaire, was received into the Catholic Church at New York. Higgins, the imitator of Baldwin, had a narrow escape near London. His parachute fell prematurely, and he descended rapidly with the balloon from a height of two miles, without much injury. A monster blast has just taken place at a granite quarry on the Duke of Argyll's Scotch estate. Five tons of gunpowder were deposited in an excavat ed chamber, and when fired, it displaced 75,000 tons of granite. A boiler recently exploded at Messrs. Green Brothers' flour mills, Avoca. The result was complete wreckage of a portion of the building. Bricks were hurled to a distance of 200 yards, and considerable damage was caused. Three Prussian Lodges have sent an address to the Emperor William, praying that he would be pleased to follow the tradition of his predecessors, in granting his protection to Freemasonry. An answer was returned, but the fact that the Masonic papers have not published it, suggests that it was not precisely cordial. The inhabitants of Ballynoe, near Fermoy, have long been terribly alarm ed at the movements of a churchyard ghost. The priest at length, betook him self to the tombs and captured the ap parition, which turned put to be a man who passed his days in vagrant rambles, and his nights in a lonely vault, into which he had effected an entrance, sleeping in his charnel-house on some old sacks. Miss Eliza Satchwell, who was received into the Church in Milan last December, is the daughter of an English General. She wore the white robes of a catechumen, and read aloud her profession of faith. The Mar chioness Stanza was her godmother at her conditional baptism. She after wards proceeded, attended by many friends, to the Archbishop's Palace, where she was confirmed. The Times is having some trouble with its witnesses. One gentleman ignores the subpoena, sends the £5 note allowed for expenses to the Parnell Defence Fund, and says that if he goes before the Commission, he will go under a warrant. Perhaps this is not very respectful treatment of the tribunal, but on the whole, the conduct of their witness looks a good deal more straightforward than that of the Times witness, who was dismissed from the league for pilfering, and who insured his brother's windows, and then broke them. The last of the publications of the Huguenot Society, A History of the Walloons and their Church at Norwich, brings into prominence one of those evidences of Catholic tolerance, which constantly —and never too often — con fronts one in English history. It was a Catholic — the Duke of Norfolk of the day — who obtained from a Catholic monarch — Queen Mary—the license which authorised the settlement of the Walloons in Norwich, where they could pursue their industry with a peace denied them in other lands. The Dublin "Freeman's Journal" states that Mr. Balfour, Chief Secretary for Ireland, insulted the bearer of a letter sent by Mr. Sexton, M.P., pro testing against the treatment of Mr. O'Brien, M.P. There has been a post-card race round the world. A Londoner despatched two cards round the world, one going east ward, and the other going westward, with instructions for them to be directed to the sender at given points. The eastward card completed the round in 70 days, the westward card taking 103 days to complete the circle of the globe. It is estimated that each card travelled over 22,000 miles ; the eastward journey costing 3 1/2d, and the westward one, 3d. The following is a copy of an Eng lish Christmas card which is being circu lated in Leicestershire this year :— During the 50 Years of Victoria's Reign, 1,220,000 Irishmen Have Died of Famine ! 3,668,000 Irishmen Have Been Evicted ! 4,186,000 Irishmen Have Emigrated, been Obliged to Leave Ireland ! This Means 400 per week died of famine ! 1400 per week evicted ! 1600 per week emigrated ! Men of Leicestershire, do you realise that 1,225,000 souls is a number equal to 10 times the present population of your county town— Leicester ? Can you wonder Ireland's bitter wrongs cry aloud to you for redress. One of the most dreadful occurrences that has happened at sea on board a vessel, is recorded in the report of the voyage of the American ship Southern Cross, from New York to Sydney. The story, as narrated by the chief officer of the vessel, briefly, is that the cook, a Chinaman, after barricading himself in the cookhouse or galley, commenced to fire shots from a revolver at such of the other members of the ship's company, as attempted to force an entrance into the deckhouse. The captain and the chief officer, are reported to have endeavoured to induce the man to quietly allow the galley to be opened, but their remonstrances and entreaties were acknowledged, it is said, only by pistol shots flying through the windows and walls of the house. Believing the man to be insane, and seeing no other way of securing him, they fired upon him and after many shots, put an end to his life. The theory of the chief officer is that constant and excessive use of opium had unhinged the man's reason. The building on the deck of the ship within which the tragedy took place, is com paratively speaking, riddled with bullets. The Rev. A. J. Lecaille of Busselton, West Australia, whose name will be recognised with pleasure by many of his old fellow-students at the English College at Rome, has been carrying on with great credit to his own skill, a controversy with the Protestants about him, much of a sort with those now familiar to readers of English local papers. Father Lecaille, being asked by some members of his flock if it were lawful for them to attend a concert, the proceeds of which were to be devoted to strictly Church of England purposes, answered in the negative ; thereupon, he was attacked in the usual fashion, and his defence has given his opponents some hard nuts to crack. Being accused of causing divisions by his conduct, Father Lecaille answers : "I quite agree that in virtue of my office, I should be a 'herald of peace.' I fulfilled my duty towards those entrusted to my care, and for whose souls I shall one day, have to give a strict account. Would to God that all Christians were once more, as of old, united in one fold under one shepherd ! Would to God it were once more given to us, to realise how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!" Then would peace reign supreme indeed. But now there is a true peace and a false peace. The false peace is that which rests on the tottering basis of private judgment ; the true peace is that experienced in the 'bosom of the true Church of God, under the infallible guidance of the Holy Ghost.' This is the peace we Catholics are bent upon restoring to our Protestant brethren, wishing to them, as we do, all the heavenly blessings we wish for ourselves. — The Weekly Register. Three youths from Melbourne visited Lillydale lately, on a shooting excursion. At Dixon's Creek, they put up a mark against a post and fired at it. They missed the mark, but shot a teamster named Koppar, whom they met at Yarra Glen, and who had given them a lift to Dixon's Creek. Koppar was crossing the line of fire after his horse, and was shot just beneath the shoulder blade. The youths carried him to a neighbouring hut and brought a doctor. His dying depositions were taken on Saturday, in which he stated the occur rence was accidental. He died on Saturday night. At an inquest, which was held, a verdict of accidental death was returned. The London correspondent of the Leeds Mercury says— "The public will be a good deal surprised to learn, that the whole of the expenses of the witnesses before the Parnell Commission will be defrayed by the Treasury. Witnesses examined before a Royal Commission or Parliamentary Com mittee receive their expenses, and on this analogy, it appears that all the expenses of the witnesses brought from the wilds of Mayo and Kerry, will be paid by the Treasury. This will, of course, considerably reduce the expenditure to the parties, and the principle will be carried out when the witnesses for the Parnellites come to be examined. The expenses allowed are strictly confined to travelling expenses, and expenses of the witnesses while resident in London. As long as both sides are treated in the same way, the public will probably not object ; but it seems to impose on the Commission, the duty of seeing that useless expenditure is not thrown on the country by the calling of valueless witnesses. 