(CoimxraD MOM SATUEDAY'S ISSUE.) ROY'S REPENTANCE. A NOVEL, BY ADELINE SERGEANT. Author of "JiCOBi's WIFE," "UXDEI: FALSE PRETENCES,'' "NO SAINT," etc. ttc. [THF. RIGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED.] . CHAPTER II.. But the suugestion passed as quickly as it and ho reproached himself for his cold-heartediwss. Yet he did not like that fl"wer-a delicate, hot-house blossom, too .is rare as it was costly I Where on. earth had V. ' "0t it ? He was recalled from these fancies" to plain fact by the sound of Mr. Carew's weak voice. " Rose mv dear, he said. " I have spoken to Mr Joscelyn, and told him that I with draw any opposition that I have made to his wishes and yours ! . .. . _ . Was there a sneer m Ins voice? Joscelyn could not be sure, and did not care. He put out his hand, and drew Hose towards linn. He noticed that her lingers were very cold, and that she did not return his kiss. . In deed there was a sullen expression about her lips, a sombre light in her beautiful eyes, which might have repelled a less ardent lover or a wiser man. ? In an hour Joscelyn was off to London; He wanted to lay hands on a sum of money winch stood to bis credit in a London bank, to iet possession of some family jewels which he meant Rose to wear, and to procure a license for the marriage. It took him two dnvs to accomplish these objects, and when, on the third day, he returned, he was almost prepared to hear that Mr. Carew s life had already ebbed away. But such had not been the case. Mr. Carew was living, though most of his time was spent in a sort of stupor of exhaustion. Roy's arrival seemed to arouse him. He looked satisfied, and ' whispered his request that the marriage should take place at onee. The special license did away with all difficulties about time and place, and Roy very willingly agreed that the ceremony should be arranged for that very evening. It was thou-only then-that Rosamond demurred. . . , " This evening-oh, no ! wait, wait! slie said, drawing back. . " My darling, why should we wait ? asked Roy, reading an adorable tenderness Ho ward's her guardian in this desire for delay. But the girl only cast a frightened, agitated {dance towards Mr. Carew's pallid face, which was turned towards her with the ghost of its old jeering smile.'. _ "Yes, why should you wait I he said. «' I shall not trouble you long. This evening Roy. I should like to witness the cere mony." It was a strange wedding. A clergyman from a neighbouring parish had been asked to officiate, as Roy knew that it was cruel to expect Mr. Profeit to do so. That poor, gentleman was already in the direst plight of alarm and anxiety: he had had_ letters from Sir Kcnrick (confined to his bed by an at tack of gout) and from Mrs. .Desmond, in plenty; he had called at the farm, he had ex postulated with Mr. Carew, with Roy, with Rose herself, and all to 110 effect. And so tho Rev. James Nichol, from the next vil lage, came at six o'clock that evaning, and joined the hands and heard the vows of Roy Joscelyn and Rosamond Cai-ew. The old man lay and listened to the solemn word of the marriage-service with a sprt of-mocking interest. When it was over, he called Rosa mond to his side. "Come and kiss me, my dear, lie said. " I wish you happiness. I have certainiy done my utmost to secure it. Your . vows had a pretty-ring about them. ' Love, honour, and obey5-were not those tho words 1 Look to it that you keep your promises." . And Joscelyn, glancing at his wife'sbeauti f ul face, saw that it was as white as snow. CHAPTER. IV. " As A DREAM WHEN O.VE AWAKETH." In the turmoil and confusion of the previous three days, Roy had scarcely had time for doubt or fear. Besides, he had been enveloped in his triumph of love as in a coat of mail, through which no earthly enemy could touch him. "He seemed to himself to be lifted into a serener air, a clime of bright ness and everlasting exultation. He walked amongst men as prince in disguise, thinking to himself-"If they but knew what a king dom is mine own It was a phase of folly which most men pass through, and laugh at when it is past. And yet how infinitely yoorer would their lives have been without it! But now, iu the very realisation of his desire, a cold chill of fear attacked him. His "-lance at Rose's face was not reassuring. Had°she been in any way coerced into this marriage 1 She had never yet said that she loved him. When alono with her, he could not forbear to put his thought into words. " My darling," he said, kneeling down. * before her, as she sat in a loiv chair in the' little parlour of the old farm-house, and put ting his arms gently round her waist, "my own darling, you will never regret what you have done, will you 1 You have not been hurried in any way ? At a word from you I would have waited- but he told me that you consented, and Ihavescarcelyliadtimotobear your consent from your own sweet lips. Was there ever a wooing or a wedding so strange- ! and swift as ours has been, my Rose ? Tell me now, at least, Jiat you love me, and that-1 you will trust me to make you happy." She smiled at him rather uneasily. "Oh, yes," she said, "I trust you per fectly." " And love me, Rose i " Oh, of course," she said, with a laugh that jarred upon his ear. '' Why else should I have married you 1 You haven't a fortune to give me, you know." Then, seeing por-, haps that he was hurt, she leaned towards liiniand kissed his forehead. ^ "I care';for you, not for a fortune," she said, lightly. ". " My love ! But I have something to give you, though it is not a fortune. Are you fond of pretty things, like all' women ? These were my mothers jewels ; I have brought ] the iu from Loudon for yos." . He opened the cases and showed her their contents. " "There is nothing especially valuable, , ho said, "except this diamond pendant and the bracelets. The pearls are good, how-, over ; my mother wore those on her wadding day. The diamonds will suit you best, Rose -or this set of Emeralds." . _ ' ? "Oh, they're lovely!" cried Rose, with enthusiasm. Her colour rose, and her eyes danced with delight. " Oh, do let me put them on-just to see how they look. I never wore real jewellery before-only Palais Royal things. My goodness, what a lot they must have cost 1" She clasped the necklace round her throat and the bracelets on her wrists, then rose and surveyed herself in the little looking glass over the mantel- piece. "I can't see myself here," she said, cran ing her neck to get a better view, utterly regardless of Roy, who stood by witlijthe empty cases and thought of Grfifcchim-only poor Roy would have made a very indifferent Mephistopheles, and not much of a Faust, when all was said and done !-and admired Ilia wife's exquisitely rounded contours and velvety richness of colouring to his heart's content. "I'll tell you what IU do," she said, turning to him at last. " There's a good looking-glass in Mr. Carew's room. I'll just run up and take a look at myself in it. It's the best glas3 in the house." Roy caught her hand. " Rose, Rose ! think what you are doing ! My darling, do not disturb a dying man in that way. You have forgotten." She paused, glanced at him sideways, and . then burst into a laugh which startled him ' by its likeness to Sir. Carew's sneering tones. £ " Oh, yes, I had forgotten," she said, , scornfully. "I'm out of his power, at any rate: what do I care for him ? I'd like to have a good dance now, to show him that I am glad. Come,If I mayn't go up stairs, lets' have a waltz Roy ; I can waltz beauti fully." "Youcan do everything beautifully, fny darling," said Roy, who was more startled t>y this exhibition of callousness than he ?would have cared to acknowledge-to Sir Kenrick, at any rate-" and therefore you will do what becomes a good, true, beautiful .woman, who must feel sorry for the suffer ings' of another " Again she burst out into that dry, dis cordant laugb. "You solemn creature!" she exclaimed. " Are you going to preach to me already And then she began to piroutte lightly round the room ; a bewitching vision of youth, and health, and beaut}, which Roy could not fail to admire. The sun was pouring a flood of li«ht through the western window, tinting all that it touched with gold. Rose in her white frock, -ivith tho fire of the diamonds on her neck and arms, was at that moment daz zlingly beautiful. Roy forgot to reprove her heedlessness-might it not rather bo culled her hcartlessness !-in the intoxication of her beauty. .She was only.a' child, he said to himself, excusingly ; she was over excited : she -would learn'in time. If the manner of the wedding was odd, the way in which thehoneymoon began was odder. Husband' and wife were summoned jb'efore long to the bedside of- the dying; maii up stairs. They watched beside him ! for some time, and then Roy watched alone. :ButMr. Carew did not die at break , of. day as the doctor had- predicted. .-He-lingered'on, ifanui insensible condition, for. two days longer. Joscely n and Rosam6nd were with him when lie died. . , i : He had lain insensible so long that they did not expect iiny signs of consciousness as the death-hour drew near. But just at.;tlio last he opened his eyes and fixed them upon Rose as though he knew her. She shrank back, and would have slipped out of the room had Roy not detained her with a. cares sing clasp and. word.-.-, She was wearing her, favorite color-pink-and ohe diamond' still glittered round her neck; She had refused to lay them aside, insisting.that they were too beautiful to be shut up in morocco case3, and.Roy had humored her as *he would have humored a pretty; wilful child. Ib was the gleam of the stones' that seemed to\ have caught Mr. Carew's dimmed eye.'_ He raised his hand arid pointed to her with' his long,' yellow, trembling finger. "Tell him," lie said in hoarse, almost' indistinguishable ac cents. " Tell him-all." And then his hand dropped': a film came over liis eyes there'was a rattling sound in his throat, ,.a. slight convulsion of his limbs, and then his. jaw fell-it was all over; he was dead. ,, . Rose had to be earned out of the room; she had fainted, and when she came to her self she passed into strong hysterics. Roy, tended her carefully, affectionately, feeling himself strangely helpless before this exhibit tion of feminine feeling; and when she was calmer, and seemed disposed to sleep, he went out of doors in order- to get a little fresh air and change of scene after tho strain of the last few days. Ho had one. or two subjects of reflection which lie was glad. to-, ponder 011 in. silence for a little time. Now. that 110 duty bound his wife to the old farm house, ho must decide upon the course that ttiey were to take. . He could not stay-longer in that lonely village; lie had not money enough to live without working, and lie revolved in his mind various mctl.ois of earning a livelihood. He was very hopeful of success in the world-; it did not seem possible to him that he should ever fail in what he undertook. Jle meant- to go to . London, and fight liisNvay to literary dis tinction. With Rose by his side, lie said to himself that ho could not but succeed; ' ' -1 He had announced his marriage to. Six Ivenrick, and had received in reply a.stern, command neverto showhisfaceatRothbrwood again rior to'expecthelp or favor of anykind. Sir Kenriek had done with him for ever. For the loss of fortune Roy 'cared hot at all, but he was sorry to have quarrelled with his uncle,Who had hitherto been always'kind to him. Rose, however, was his wife ; and that , made up for everything else;' Now that the watching and the waiting Dy Mi',' Carew's sick-bed were over, he could take her, away, and make her completely his oivn. He lost himself in .dreams about tho future, and wandered so far over.the.hills that when he, reached the farm-house again, twilighthad be gun to fall. He went up to Rose's room and found her lying oil the bed, calm enough now, but very pale. ." Are you'better, Rose, my darling?" lie asked her. " ? '? " Oh, yes. I'm all right. It was the shock of'seeiiig-seeing that old man- die." . _ ."-It was a shock, no doubt. Poor child !", saidRoy, laying his hand soothingly on her's. To his surprise she drew it away. "Don't touch me," she said, petulantly. " Let me alone." . He looked at herforamomentinamaze, and then seatad himself at a little distance from her. "It must be,'ho thought, the shock, the grief, of losing her adopted father that made her spealc so angrily. He was hurt by her: tone, but not displeased. "Shall I take off your'necklace?" he said, seeing tho glitter of the: stones, on her neck. It , must'b.e uncohifo'rt " Can't you let me alone?' she said'again. " If I choose to keep them on,, it is nothing to you." " Rose! Everything that you do is impor tant to me." . ? " Is it? I'm sorry for it." "She laughed in solently as she spoke. "You'llsqo'nfih'dout' your miitike. ' '' - ' " What db you mean?" ; '' Why don' tyoii ask .what old Carew m'ean t whon he said'tell him?' He meant you: I was to tell you something, you know. ..'Wliat;: tloiyou suppose it was?" ? ' ' . " If there is anything you ought to tell me," said Roy, ..-with a terrible, sinking at heart, " for . heaven's ; sake, ? Rose, tell md now, without further delayi ' I can : bear anythiug, if only-if only--you love me." He came a step nearer and laid his hand upon her' arm. "Say you love me, Rose. Your love is all that I want." . - ., . !' She broke forth'again into ,the .wild laugh ter that Roy disliked. : "-Why should I say what is not true?" she said. -."Ho is not here now, tothreatenmeand torture me'.' You don't know whathewas-a gambler, a thief, a,wretch -you don't know how he used to treat me! He.; forced me to say that I would marry you; but I thought-I ilio'u'ght-he would have died first! I nevei1 loved' ycM-never. I hate you now. I wish 'I' might'nevqr see your face . again." '. "You do not'know what you are, saying," said.Ro}', with . extreme agitation.1 "Rose,' think again-spare me " ' '" ' '' Why should I spare you?" she cried, springing up and facing him, with a fierce Ught-iri her eyes and a hot, i-ed spot of colour' in her cheeks. Was''I'ever.'spared?.- I have . had a miserable life-not .that I ciire'--but I will pretend and lie and-fawn no longer now" that the old man is dead. I hated him,, and he hated me. Ho wanted to make me miser able for ever; and so he fpr'ced"me 'to. marry you. '*' '. " How could he force you to do ? what you did not wish?" . " > .? ' "Oh lie had ways and means. I never: thoughtthathe wasgoing-todie. Ithoughtthat he/was just make-believe, to work upon your feelings. I expected to'see liim get up -and go jabout again in a day or. two. If.I had known-oh, if'ljhad butJihowri!" ,. " You would not have married me?" Laid Roy, in?'a'. very-'qiiiet1 voice.- cHe'1-'felt-»as if frozen-turned into sfcone by this revela tion. < .'... .' ' ' "I would have killed you first," cried she, as if goaded into frenzy by the question.; She looked-wonderfully- handsome as she stood before him with;.her hair loose, floating over her magnificent shoulders, her eyes aflame with her indignation and her disdain. Un womanly she might be, but in hfir iw«oion«to recoil Jxom tlie man that she did liot love she: was also half ^uperb. But reason followed close upon excitement. She suddenly burst into tears, and sank down upon.a low couch, covering her face with her hands, and weeping like a child, Roy fancied that this short of emotion meant remorse, perhaps repentance and returning tenderness. His love had been terribly wounded, but it was still -Jive and strong. He bent over her,' calling her by fond names, promising to make her happy-promising to make her love him before long, vowing all the thousand and one things that-he. thought might perhaps avail to stop her tears and soothe her grief. But ho felt all the tiiae like one who has received a stunning blow. Tho future was dark bo fore him, the world was black ; all that lie could think of was hov." to console the beauti , ful, sobbing creature that ho hud unwittingly entrapped against its will. His efforts at last seemed to be crowncd witli some success. She becamo silent and calm; she allowed him to hold her hand and to kiss her still averted chock. He was cheered by the sight of her passiveness, for he was young and hopeful, and did not know that- in a woman tempest is less to be dreaded than sullen calm. Ho left her alone, at last, as she expressed a wisii to sleep, and lie, after a melancholy stroll in the garden, flung him self down 'on th" horsehair sofa in the parlour, and there fell at last into a deep slumber-the slumber of an utterly exhausted man. The sun was high in the heavens when he awoketo find his landlady regarding hini with perplexity and amaze. "Oil, Mr. Joscelyn, sir, and what mole ye here ?" she said. "I thought ye were out wi' your wifo." ! " Is she out ?" said Roy, starting up. : " Ees, indeed she be. An' her bed not bin elept in neither, She du take the old gentle man's death to heart, she du." "I'll go and meet her. She's gone for n walk," sriicl Joscelyn. hurriedly. ''Get break-. . fast ready. Mrs. Powell ; we'll be-bnek soon.". And awayhe went into the shinny--hiorniiig air, with a. cold weight at heart, of fear th.'.t ha could scarcely understand. The fear gathered form and substance fast enough. For, though he waited; and Vfatched, and searched for her-patiently,, at first, and then \yith a fury of distressful' pain-Rosa mond never came back. What became of li er. nobody seemed to know. There was a great lninfc for.her on the hills-where they thought she'-might have lost her way-arid amoiig the low rocks and ooze of;\ the.. 'sea-beach,. where many, a man. and jvoman had; been betrayed to death by, uncei'taiii'"footholds arid .treacherous sands-but they found no trace of her: She had left Roy Joscelyn for 'ever..; '. ' One cannot lifalp pitying the. poor/lad at . this portion of.liis career,. Be,-lwd gjiv.en up' 'everything forJove^-friends,. home;- portion' -and love liful 'failed him,-, publicly- ;.-:'atid, ignominious]}-/. The; strange^ disappeardnce;, of:a beautiful girl could.iVot.easUy].be;Jiushed; up, aiid bpfpio many .days [ had-, elip.sedi the event was commented upon in; all the: news papers.! By the time that it.^as-'niade'pttblic; however,- there had been ample-oppOftunities for Rosamond to leave'the country^. if sliewere so inclined. For, after the conversation'that he had.with her, Roy did not'believeithat'she was dead; ? He haunted the place like a .ghost, fri 'the vain hope that she might return,., for ' some' little time after Mr.- Carew's;,funeial."' He' avoided. all his :friends ; would .not- speak to the clergyman in the-village streets.; .refused1 to; notice the boys,'; Neil and Godfrey, to whom lie' had once bee&°,..'<$^e^y.'.jand; Neil used to watch him, curiously, b\it kept out of his way. Godfrey, on> -the -contrary,-! hung out at his heels ' iko;adogy.;tiid: oiic6 at- j tempted some hluht word of synipathy: but Roy. simply looked at him blankly, as though ! he did not understand, and 'went on his-way before the boy had finished his' blundering,' ill:constructe 1 sentence. :;No wonder .people said that he Was going outof hiaimird; Ib^nis such , a' sudden1 downfall.His bad been" so! buoyant, .89 lu-iglit,: so . intoxicated , with love's.'jyoung. dream; widniow lie had. found, all at once, that lovo; could-''betriiyV that women were sometimes false,: -and that treachery might meet, him dn!;evci?y; hand.; It was a terrible ordeal, for a riiari,::he, not come out of it unscathed.. : i Old Sir Een rick, relented- when.- he heard of ;Roy's trouble, arid wrote hint a1'friendly letter, bidding him come back and' take his old 'place at home. But Roy 'took no notice' j of' this-'communication. He did not .-.care. ,wliat people said or thought .of'hmi.;'he-was ' only quite" certain that he'would never again look into the face of those whom he had once accounted his friends. He would go'to a new , country, and win his way there ,eitlier tq> -<for tuhe or to- death.b \ .-' Within two months after his ill-starred marriage, therefore, he started for the Anti podes, with the, remainder of his small.,for tune in liis pocket,' and a full .determination never to set foot in the Old World again. .'With his wanderings ;in ' distailfi lands: we have nothing to do. He gained money and he lost money; he had many adventures of different kinds; he went to New Zealand,. and Australia",'.and America," but he 'did snot stay long in any place. On the whole he was an unsuccessful man; ' ? It was when ho was. in America that the news of his wife's deiith "came to 'him. He "had letters from a solicitor about it, the certificate of her death and- burial, and a few triSing relics of her possessions. And then lie first felt conscious that a new life-might .yet begin for him, and the courage and energy which he had so "miserably wasted in his youth, were yet existent and. .might, be turned to good' account. Wliat should lie do ? Should he go back to.Englaud, and try tof retrieve the past? But lie was a poor man-still, arid he hiid been-riirie years, abroad. What career was open to him in . England?. ;:j:. ;.-'j : While lie was hesitating, a letter was put into hi^ hands. Ho t-ore it open'hastily, for, "although the handwriting was strange to him, the postmark was-that of Kotherston, the town near Sir Kenrick's house. And this was ;wliat he read:-t.. ; . >..... ;.- " Sir, I write at the request of Sir ?Kenrick Jos celyn (whose hands are disabled through illness), to bcji you ti> pay him a visit. "'Ee, is'. old arid feeble, and wishes, he says,: to see you once more .before he dies/ ' J r ;;." "Youl-s faithfully, f " IiAUBBNCK; Eeie; '{ 