MISS EYON,i OF EYON COURT. By KATHARINE S. MACQUOID, Author of Patty," "At the Red Glove," f'The Evil Eye," " Wild aa a Hawk," &o;, [Published by special arrangement with the Author. AU rights reserved. Chapter Y,—(Continued.) Marjorle walked on, thinking over his words. She liked this sort of talk, for he had spoken seriously, and not as If he were paying a compliment. She could not help applying his words to Sir George Wolff. ((That candid look does not belong only to yonng girls." She looked straight before her, she conld not have said why, bat she did not choose to meet her com panion's eyes while she spoke. "I have seen it in another person's face." Mr. Brown was watching her atten tively. " Ah!" he said carelessly, " I dare say you are right; one sees it, for instance, In women who live in retire ments, and who have never mixed with the world." 'I was not thinking of a woman. I know a middle-agod man who shows his feelings and his meaning, too, in his face. I am sure he is candid." "He must be a very remarkableperson," Mr. Brown sighed ostentatiously. " He is a friend of yours ?" 'Yes. I have known him ever since I wa3 a child." "Then perhaps you are not a good judge. A child cannot judge of facial ex pression, and a child Is easily cajoled; besides, if it takes a liking it often blindly clings to its first idea, and never sees the ! flaws that every one else can see in its idol. I have known a case where this childish infatuation led to a most unhappy marriage." He spoke very earnestly, his vexation made him forget his resolution to seem in different. Mar joile laughed. "In the case I am thinking of your reasoning would be all wrong. My friend is universally loved and looked up to—and yet I don't think a girl would fall in love with him." "Perhaps not; but " he looked fall into her dark blue eyes, raised to his— " she might marry him because every one else loved and looked up to him, don't you see? That is just what the girl I am thinking of did, poor little trusting soul." He gave another deep sigh. Marjorie felt very pitiful. " Were you "—she began, " I mean, was she a great friend of yours I" She thought the poor fellow was in love. " I liked her, thab was all; but I can't bear to see such a mistake as a marriage between a young girl and a man double her age, it's a fatal mistake. There can be no lasting sympathy between them. She, poor child, has lived always in her home nest j and she wants of course to peep over the edge and take her fair Bhare of the pleasures and [amusements that belong to her age. Her husband has seen and done everything; all he cares for now Is to hunt and shoot when he Is In the country, and when he is In town to read the papers and talk politics and scandal at his club. He has nad as much dancing as he cares for, and he now finds it a bore to take his girl wife to dances and so on." He watched Marjorie's face and he saw that she was thinking over his words. Presently she said, In the unexpected way he liked so much In her— " lb would be a bore about the danclog, but don't yon think"—she looked at him appeallngly—"that middle-aged men do sometimes like dancing ?" "That depends so" much on what is meant by middle-aged. A man of forty may be very fond of dancing In theory, bub he may be a martyr to gout iu his feet. You care for dancing, then ?" "I!"—Marjorle turned to him with sparkling eyes—"I love it. Why, even at Eyon Court, one very rainy day, I danced alone up and down the passage outside my room. It was better than nothing, you know." She shook her head and smiled at him, "Yes, that is what I said just now. You will do the same in thirty years time. You will dance and smile through your troubles till they will not know how to take hold of you. You are the last person who should be shut up In gloomy old Eyon Court, and yet it seems to me you bear the dulness bravely." He Bbrugged his shoulders, and turned into a path that curved upwards, so lead ing them homewards on a higher level than that by which they had come. Marjorle conld not answer her com panion, for she was busy clambering over a moss covered boulder that lay just in the track. Mr. Brown held out his hand, but she disdained help. When she raised her head, bent in the disentanglement of long briar arms from her skirt, she looked so bright and flower-like that he felt his pulses beat more quickly as he looked at her. "Do you know," she said, " that you are quite wrong. 1 have not been at all brave—I have actually been coward enough to cry more than once in my bedroom. Sometimes „I can hardly bear the dull ness." "Poor little girl." Marjorle colored and winced, bnt he went on. " No, lb is not a fit place for you. Miss Eyon is an old friend of mine, and a very good friend, but for all that I must say she cannot be a lively companion. My wonder is that you consented to come to such a place." " Well, but 1 could not help it," she looked up with surprise, "Aunt Louisa is my guardian, so I had to come, Besides," she Baid slowly, "do you know I was curious." " Curious to see your guardian, eh ?" "Well, just a little, butlwa3 much more curious to see the house. One of my school fellows stayed two years at Askrigg, and she heard the strangestistories about Eyon Court. I suppose I did not realise that I should have to live there always till I saw how gloomy it was." She sighed, aud he thought there were tears In her eyes. " I say, this can't go on, you know," he Bald impnlaively. "I have some in fluence with Miss Eyon. I have known her for years past. Is there anything you would like altered ? I dare say now yon would like a smart girl to wait ou you instead of that dismal old Hannah." '' Hannah Is a dear old woman; I love her. She is nob dismal, I can tell you, when she Is alone with me." " But a young maid could take walks with you ; by Jove, It is horrible to think of you cooped up alone with those two old women. I don't suppose yon ever see any one you can speak to," he added care lessly. Marjorle hesitated. " Don't tell Miss Eyon," she said plead ingly, "because Bhe might fancy things, but I did see an old friend this morning on the moor." " Indeed," he said slowly. " And that made you feel brighter, eh?" he laughed. " You don't know how crestfallen I feel. 1 hoped it was my companionship that had helped you a little and that you would care for a walk with me, aud now I find that I have only come in as second fiddl9, have, In fact, bored you—you would have preferred to be left alone with the pleasant thoughts your old friend gave you." He looked so disconcerted that Marjorle wsb eager to reassure him. " How can you say such things. I was delighted to come out with you ; It is the first time I have been taken for a walk Bince I left Selby, I met Sir George Wolff by accident, and I do nob think I am likely to meet him again." "May I ask why ?" he said gently. Marjorie's face had grown pensive. " I like to be frank,-"- ahe Bald, "especially to people who are frank with me"—she gave him a grateful glance— " bat I cannob exactly say why I think I Bhall not see him again." There was a touch of regret In her voice, and Mr. Brown noticed lb. " One reason, thongh, Is because lie said that my annfc would not like him to call at Eyon Court, and he la not a man who would care to meet me without Aunt Louisa's knowledge." " Then I don't call him a true friend. If I thought I could help you out of any trouble 1 would run any risk of Mts3 Eyon's anger over and over again ; but I am afraid this talk is as dull a3 Eyon Court is. Never mind. I Bhall had some way of amusing you; you Bhall not be left long In that gloomy house. How would it be this evening if we tried a little dance ?" Marjorie's eyes shone with delight as she looked up under the shadow of her hat. " It would be ever so nice," she said, | " but dare we ?" " Yea, we dare." He nodded so conh- j dently that she took courage. " Unless you are afraid of a doble, as they call the ghosts, we can go upstairs. No one can hear us In those old disused rooms." "You mean the old drawing-room?" " "Well, yes, but the library is snugger and farther from the staircase; we shall be safe there. Shall I wait for you in the library after tea ?" "All right" Marjorie walked home gaily. Thi3 would be a little adventure, and the risk of being found out and scolded by Hannah gave it a sort of special relish. " I do believe It's naughty," she thought as she ran up to her room. " Well, I should soon become sly if I lived long at Eyon Court" (To be continued.) 