CHRIST'S MONUMENT. [By Kev. Ltman Abbott, D.D.] For over SO centuries the Paschal feast has been celebrated in the Jewish church. It cele brates the birth-night of the nation, when Israel were led out of their land of bondage, when the blood struck on the door-post indi cated to the destroying angel that within that door rested an Israelite whom the angel of a earn was not to toucn wicn ma Diiganng breath, and he pasBed by to the unbloody door of the Egyptian. From that day to this in the Jewish Church that eventful night has been celebrated by the Paschal feast, At the time of Christ the celebration was a very much more notable feature of Jewish life than it is in our time, From all quarters of the then known world the Jews came trooping up to Jerusalem, where this national feaBt waB celebrated. The Temple was the centre of the B6rvice, We cannot trust the Oriental fancy of Josepbue, the ancient hiBtorian of the Jewa, in bis figures. He tells us that three million people gathered in Jerusalem on these occa sions. We may set aside this statement ss transcending credibility ; but we know tbat Jerusalem was on these occasions crowded to itB utmost capacity, Every house was open ; every Jew became hospitable : every roof be came a bedchamber; and the white tents dotted the surrounding hills. 6S!iiH! Jesus— we must not forget that in our study of His life — was a Jew, a patriotic Jew, loving His land, loving His nation, ' He went up to this festival, as He had been to the two preceding festivals since he had entered upon His manhood life, His disciples were as tonished. Twice He had been mobbed in Jerusalem; plans for His assassination had been made ; the priesthood was bent upon His death; and the disciples knew it. He had Himself told them that in Jerusalem His death was being compassed. They, with that loyalty which had already been wrought in their hearts, said, ' He is going up so die, but we will go up and die with Him ;' and so ttey went, filled with tbat strange alternation of hope and despair which is always in our hearts when some great dread event or eome joyous one lies in the future, and we baidly know what to expect, Aa they went their fear was changed to hope and their dread to exultation. They joined one of the great caravans that was going from Galilee to Jerusalem to attend the feast. It greeted this Galilean rabbi with hosanna. To the caravan were added others who had learned to love- to honor, and to follow Him in His own province. Their enthusiasm burat out in Bhouts and Bingings, They grew wild, almost delirious, in their exultation. They ran before, stripped off the palm branches from the overhanging trees and spread them in the paths ; {then tore their garments from their ehonldprs to make a carpet for Him, tha* *Je might have triumphant entrance into tbe So*y City which He was coming, s-e they believed, : to redeem and ransom. The city itself eivii?h5 : the infection of the enthusiasm, and tbe reopla [ flocked out from the city to add their hosanna? j and Eonge. The very choir of boys in the i Temple joined in the spontaneous greeting to the King, and as Jeeue entered the Temple courts added their hosannas to the Messiab. They thought the kingdom ot God b ad come in j very truth. And yet this king coming to , establish a kingdom of God did nothing ; drev i eo sword,, raised no voice; wrought do miracle ; ! simply taught in the Temple precincts as Ha ! had taught before ; launched HU invective and deLuucialion against the rules of Judes, told them in words which it was not possible ta naEunderttand, that no kingdom of Gxl would be built with Jerusalain ae the capita!, or tbe Ttrnple as its centre, or theru as its ralers, bat that the Temple should be destroyed, Jerusa- j lem laid wa*tp, thi=-y themselves vagraot', and j tbe true temple and the city ot God should j rise out of its ruios. The people were per plexed. Tbe rulers were angered. It w»s not safe for Jetus to speud a single nightin Jerusa lem, and He did not. They dared not arrest Him in the Temple Iesf; His Gaiilean friends should raia6 a riot, the Roa;aas eboald iater fere, and all their plots should cime to nought. Thty gathered together in secret onc:.irt-, coutiiviDg hew they might destroy Htm. As they were so gathered one night one of Christ's own band came to them. |;I will deliver Him into your hands,'' he said ; and their hearts were made glad and the way to tbe accomplishment of their dee-'ga was open to them, Still Christ guarded Himself. He epent not a siDgle night in the city of Jerusa lem, As the sun sank behind the western hiLla He retreated from tbe city and f ouod refuge either in the white tents of some of the Gali leans who were his friends, or possibly in that house at Bethany where Mary and Martha and Lczarus were wont to receive Him, or perhaps, wrapped in His great burnoose, laid down upon the hill Bide with only the blue sky over Him ; His enemies could not gems' at Him, for Christ earnestly desired before His time had come tbat He might sit down to one last supper with His disciples the last Paschal feast He ebcmld ever take with them. He did not even tell His dissiplee where the supper should be. He knew of the treachery, and He did not mean tbat the supper should be broken in upon by the Temple police. So the days passed by and the final day had come, and He told the two where to go and how to find the house which a friend had opened to Him, of which even His own dis ciples knew nothing. Two of the disciples went to the Temple, took the lamb, slaughtered it with their own hands, then had it properly prepared, and brought it to the feasting chamber. The sun sank behind the hills. The twelve gathered in the upper chamber. In the East even today places at the table are assigned according to the rank of those that sat atit. Each man has his proper place. Be fore the supper began the twelve wrangled with one another as to who was entitled to the beBt place at the table. One can almost Eee JtanB pacing the room, or standing, per haps, looking out through the darkening window, whiie the unseemly quarrel goes on, He tays no word ; lets the fire burn itself out ; and when, at last, they have adjusted it, takes His seat. I wonder whether John fought for the beBt place, or whether by universal accord it was given to him ; for he sat at Jesus's right band arid leaned upon His bosom. I wonder whether Judas had the effrontery to fight for a bett place ; for he must have Bat st Christ's left band, Christ leaning upon him. Where the rest Eat we know not, Chjiet took Hie seat, pronounced the blessing, began the supper, still said no word of rebuke. In the East the feet are not shod as with un with Bboee, they are Bandied, and they grow hot and soiled with dirt, and it is aB much a matter of decency to waeh the naked feet before the meals as with us to wash the hands. This is a function given to the servant. It is a part of tbe hospitality of the host to provide water and a servant who shall wash the hot and dusty feet before the meal begins, The disciples in their quarrel for precedence never bad thought of that, and with their feet still soiled Bat, or rather they reclined in the Oriental fashion, at the supper table. Then Christ aroEe, still said nothing, laid off His outer cloak, took a towel, wrapped it round Hia waist, took a basin and an ewer of water, which the hoBt had provided for the purpose, poured water in the basin, and going to one end of the table began to wash the disciples' feet ; they were silent, they dared not spe*k, and He did not. A strange scene that washing of the disciples' feet by their Lord and Master, they looking abashed, ashamed, but silent at each other; Judas'a feet washed also, and never a word even from him. No word from any one until He came to Peter ; He could not endure it, And broke the painful silence, 'Thou shalt never wash my feet,' he said, '* If I wash thee not,' replied Christ, ' thou has no part with Me.' The disciples must accept Chriaf a rebuke as Christ chooses to give it ; the penalty of love aB Christ chooses to inspire it. The sovereignty needs no question ing. Peter yielded, though not without one more ineffectual remonstrance, ' If my feet, why not my face and my hards?' he said. Christ finiBbed the washing; interpreted the lesson involved ; aat down again. But he could not talk to those twelve as He wished to do, for there, was one traitor in the room, and the sense of the cruelty and wicked neeB of that traitor overpowered Him, paralysed the tongue that nothing but intolerable crime could paralyse, padlocked the lips that nothing else could padlock. He resolved that the traitor should leave the room before the last sacred conference was had. ' One of you here at this table,' He said, 'shall betray Me.' They were filled with consternation, but they could not forget their unseemly controversy; they could not forget tbat feet washing ; they could not at once re sent the imputation ; no ! the lesson was burned too deeply in their heart and too recently ; and so, inBtead of denying, they questioned. 'Lord, is it I, is it I ?' went all round the room, Peter beckoned to John, lying on Christ's bosom, to 'find out who it was that should betray ;' and John, turning to Jesus, said, ' Lord, who is it?' But still Jesus answered not ; He could not betray even the secret of the betrayer. It was customary in the East, and particu larly in the' PaBchal service, for the adminis trator of tbe service to dip a morsel of bcead in a cup and pass it to his friends. Jesus Bimply said — ' He to whom I shall give this bop when I have dipped it will betray Me.' But He will give it to them all. He only said what He had Eaid before. Then he dipped it and handed it first to Judas. I said Judas was at His left ~ side, because he must have been close at hand to bave received it from the very hand of Jesus. Judas knew what the rest did not know; thunderstruck, arjgered, wrathful at the exposure which he supposed was locked up in bis own breast, he breathed out stammer - isgly, ' Is it I ?' and quietly Christ replied to him, ' Thou hast said ;' and then — the traitor still sitting there— uttered openly the words, and with vigor, ' What thon doest, do quickly.' The angered traitor left the room, angered be cause he thought he had been exposed before them all, not comprehending the love that even to the List covered his sin and left bis purpose undisclosed to the other eleven. Then began that matchlesB discourse recorded only by John. The troubled heart of Christ forgot its trouble in the troubles of his friends and spoke to them only words of comfort, asking none, ' I am going away,' He said, ' but it is better for you that I should ; I will come again ; I will be your inspiration and your help ; love me, love one another ; peace, love, joy, I leave with jou.' In the Paschal supper there was a ritual . prescribed, partly by Jewish custom and partly by tbe old-time law. As the father Bat with his children around the^able and passed the bread to them, they we\e bid to ask, what meaneth tbis ? and then he was to say to them, ' This bread is the unleavened bread that was broken in the wilderness; this lamb is the lamb that was slain in Egypt ; this wine is the wine of the covenant which God made with your fathers.' When they came to this ritual in the supper that night Christ changed it. As He passed the bread to them He said not, ' This is the unleavened bread .which your fathers ate in the wilderness;' butj 'This bread is My body broken for you.' As He pa&sed; the cup, He said not, 'This cap is tbe cup of the covenant which the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob made to your children in Egypt ;' but, ' This cup iB the new covenant in my blood which is shed for you;' and then He added the last dying request — the only request He ever made ot Hia ollowers— '♦ This do in remembrance of me.' What singular growths have come out of this very simple incident. We have required that men should be members of a church before they can sit down at this supper ; but these twelve were not members of a Christian church. No Christian church had been organised. We bave required that they should assent to a creed with certain fundamental articles ; these twelve had assented to no creed, to no funda mental articles. We have required that they should be baptised ; there is no adequate evi dence that an; one of these had ever received any kind of baptism, and only an indication that four of them had been baptised by John, not one of them baptised into the Christian Church, in tbe name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. We have made it a Church ordinarcej to be administered only in the church and by a. priest or minister. But the Paschal supper was a family, not a Church celebration, and the Paschal lamb was Blain, not by the priest, but by some member of the family, usually the father. All these are Church additions of a later date. The Lord's Supper as Christ in stituted it waB a simple social meaL The only condition He attached to His invitation was a loving memory. H9 would have only those tbat had sworn to follow Him to the death. Not even His mother sat with Him ; and the traitor was exiled from the table before the bread was broken or the cup waB passed. Then the one — the only, the last, the dying —request of Christ was given to His friends— '? Do this in remembrance of me.' If they bMl built ftcme great monument how we would bav6 travelled longingly that we might lock upon it ; but bad it b6en built; the rato, and the wind, and the frost wouid have eaten into it, and obliterated and destroyed it. Had He said, 'Build Me eome fine cathedral that shall 8tand as a memory to We,' how we would have poured our contributions that' somewhere in thie world there might stand some central temple, over which the cross on which He hang thould stand throughout the ages. Bat ther c&thedral; would have passed into the hands of n en corrupted by ambition, and belittled by narrowness, and hardened by dogmatism. He nibde bia monurr.ent of loving Hearts. Only this do — ecmetiooee sit down together ; some times rtitember that l&st; occasion when I prafped the hands of those I loved, looked into their faces and heard their voices ; sometimes fit at a frupper table, eat and drink and taink of Me. He longs to be remembered, as love always longs to be remembered. He wanted not His grave to be obliterated from the earth and trodden under foot of men, as if it were an indifferent thing. He wanted not His name to be blotted out of human memory or His per sonality to be forgottrn from throbbing hearts,. He con-inands you in many things ; He guides jou in many things ; He gives yon opportunity to serve His children, His poor, in many ways ^ 1 ut there is only one personal request He makes of you, that now aud again, at some ? upper table, with simply breid and wiae, \- ou shall, as they that love Him have through ? nt all aces, perpetuate Hlj memory and show hat yon care for His person. 