Christmas Creek. (BY HENRY KENDALL.) Phantom streams were in the distance, mocking lights of lake and pool ; Ghosts of trees of soft green lustre, groves of shadows deep and cool. Yea, some devil ran before them, changing skies of brass to blue. Setting bloom where curse is planted, where a grass blade never grew. Six there were ; and high above them glar'd wild and brazen'd sun, Ninety leagues from where the waters of the singing valleys run. There before them, there behind them, was the great, stark, stubborn plain, Where the dry winds hiss for ever, and the blind earth moans for rain. Ring'd about by tracks of furnace, ninety leagues from stream and tree, Six there were, with wasted faces, working north ward to the sea. ' Ah ! the bitter, hopeless desert ' Here these broken human wrecks Trod the wilds where sand of fire is with the spiteful spinifex ; Toil'd through spheres that no bird knows of, where, with fiery emphasis, Hell hath stamp'd its awful mint-mark deep on every thing that is. Toil'd and thirsted, strove and suffer'd. This was where December's breath As a wind of smiting flame is on weird, haggard wastes of death. This was where a wither'd moan is, and the gleam of weak, wan star, And a thunder full of menace sends its mighty voices far. This was where black execrations, from some dark tribunal hurl'd, Set the brand of curse on all things in the morning of the world. One man yielded-then another-then a lad of nineteen years Reel'd and fell, with English rivers singing softly in his ears. English grasses started round him. Then the grace of Sussex lea Came and touch'd him with the beauty of a green land by the sea. Old-world faces thronged about him ; old world voices spoke to him. But his speech was like a whisper ; and his eyes were very dim. In a dream of golden evening, beaming on a quiet strand, Lay the stranger till a bright One came and took him by the hand. England vanish'd ; died the voices ; but he heard a holier tone ; And an angel that we know not led him to the lands unknown. Six there were ; but three were taken. Three were left to struggle still ; But against the red horizon flam'd a horn of brindl'd hill. But beyond the northern skyline, past a wall of steep austere, Lay the land of light and coolness in an April-color'd year. ' "Courage, brothers," cried the leader; "on the slope of yonder peak 'There are tracts of herb and shadow, and the chan nels of the creek." So they made one last great effort-hal'd their beasts through brake and briar ; Set their feet on spurs of furnace ; grappl'd spikes and crags of fire Fought the stubborn mountain forces ; smote down naked, natural powers, Till they gazed from thrones of morning on a sphere of streams and flowers. Out behind them was the desert, glaring like a sea of brass, Here before them were the valleys, fair with moon light-color'd grass, At their backs were haggard waste-lands, bickering in a wicked blaze, In their faces beam'd the waters, marching down melodious ways. Touching was the cool, soft lustre over laps of lawn and lea ; And majestic was the great road morning made across the sea. On the sacred day of Christmas, after seven months of grief, Rested three of six who started, on a bank of moss and leaf. Rested by a running river, in a hush'd, a holy weak ; And they nam'd the stream' that sav'd them-named it fitly " Christmas Creek !" 