NEWS OF THE DAY. The Orient mail steamer Orizaba arrived at Albany at 8.30 a.m. yesterday. Her mails may be expected to be delivered in Melbourne on Friday. =H Tho R. JI. S. Carthago, of tbo P. and O. Com- pany's lino, arrived in tho Bay on Saturday night, from London via ports, with passongers and cargo, and was taken to a berth at the AVilliainstown railway pier yosterday morning. Among tho passengers by the Carthage are Mr. G. D. Carter, M.L.A.; Mr. E. Symonds, late Under Treasurer; and Judge Nolan. By the Carthage the Acclimatisation Society have received an interesting addition to their already varied oolleotion, consisting of two deer, four lemur and a ono horned sheep, which have arrived in good health and spirits. Tenders for the erection of the north-east wing of Parliament Houses will be invited at the end of the present month. Mr. Kerr, the chief architect, and his staff are at present engaged preparing the necessary plans and specifications Tlie new wing is estimated to cost £100,000, although upon this year's estimates only appears a sum of £10,000 towards carrying on. the work. Private accommodation for tho Speaker will be provided in tho wing about to be erected, and also offices for the elerk and his staff and foe Hansard. The con tract for tho completion of the west front is progressing satisfactorily, and expected to be finished obont the end of the year. This portion of tho building will present an imposing appear ance, and nfford a splendid view of tho noblo Jines upon which the structure is raised. The erection of the dome, which is estimated to cost £70,000, will be delayed until the south-west wiug has been built, though a considerable saving would havo been effected had tho dome been let in the contract for the erection of the vestibule, in which case tho same scaffolding could have been utilised. The re-erection of the scaffolding alone will cost about £3000. Another costly experiment is shortly to be mado in the ventilation of the Legislative Assembly chamber. Half a dozen different systems of ventilation havealrendy been tried, and altogether over £9000 wasted in futilo attempts to secure improvement. - During Inst session very few complaints were heard from mombers concerning the atmosphere of the chamber excepting towards tho close of tlio session, when the weather became oppressively warm, when the attendants, as they sometimes did, neglected to opon the windows and doors and permit the vitiated air to escape. It has been resolved, however, to introduco Professor Swing's system of ventila tion, and tenders are to bo invited in the course of a few days for the construction of a tunnel 200 feet in length' under Parliament House, and the construction of nn air shaft, which will be jonneoted with the tunnel, in the Parliamentary Gardens. Pure air is to be drawn into the shaft and through tho tunnel ' nnd forced by means of fans into the legislative chamber. It , Is estimated that this work will cost at least . £ouuu, anil it is by no means certain tnat tins will be the last Bum of money likely to be squandered upon ventilation at Parliament House. The Intercolonial. Medical Congress of Aus tralasia resumed its sittings at 10 o'clock on Saturday morning. Baron F. von Mueller read an exhaustive paper on pharmacology, in which he spoke of the necessity of elevating that branch of medical science by close attention being paid to. tho indigenous .plants and trees of Australia, and in fact urged the desirability of compiling, n purely Australian Materia Medica. Tlio congress was . tbon resolved into a special meeting for the purpose of determining when and where . tlio next session should be . held and who should bo elected to fill the position of prosident. On the . motion of Dr. Sydney Jones, of Sydney, it was decided tlint the next session of tho' congress should be held at Sydney in tho year 1892, or at such earlier period as tho medical societies of the sister colony might think fit to determine . upon.- Dr. MacLhurin, Government medical officer of New South "Wales, was then unani mously .elected president, A silver inkstand and purse of sovereigns having been presented .. by the representatives of South Australia to Dr. Poulton for the service rendered by him as seoretary of the first session of tho con gress "held in Adelaide, the congress ter minated. At 12.50 p.m. tho members, accom- /anicd by their wives and daughters and everal prominent jjublic men, proceeded in two ipecial trains to Sunbury,' where they wero hos pitably entertained lit a; garden party by Sir William and Lady .Clarke. To-day tho mem bers of the' congress, at the invitation of the Government," will proceed down tho Bay by the steamer Ozone, and will be entertained at luncheon' oh board H.M.V.S. Nelson, off Sor rento. The return of typhoid fever cases reported to the Central Board of Health during last week Shows that 69 new cases occurred, 23 of whiok terminated fatally. The whole of these cases arose in and around Melbourne. On the same subject an interesting memorandum has been furnished to tho Central Board by the Homceo- pathio Hospital authorities, stating that between tho 30th April last and the 8tli inst. 72 severe cases of typhoid fever were admitted into the institution, and only five of the patients died. . .... , Mr. Nimtno, chairman of tlioMclbournoWater Supply Board, intends, shortly to organise) a trip for the board to inspect the head works, and make a thorough examination of the Plenty and "Watts River schemes, from which tho metro polis is in future to draw its supply of water. Saturday's attendance at' tho Centennial ' Ex hibition shows that the degree- of popularity which it lias reached during, tho last fow - weeks . is still . maintained. Tho total number of admissions was 10,647, whilst, those admitted on . free passes numbered 1872. The aquarium and the dome were visited by 1840 nnd 1712 respec tively. The receipts for admission were £980 15s. The Aluminium Company's exhibit under the dome of .tho Centennial Exhibition lias lately received an addition in tlio shape of an ingot of aluminium, which, though a common place looking object in itself, has some facts in its description which give it a certain amount of interest. This ingot is about 9 inches long and \- 1£ inches square. It looks like a lead casting, but is in fact a piece of the lightest known metal, and the largest piece of pure aluminium ever exhibited in Australia. Its weight is only 2 lb. 3 oz., while a piece of iron of the same size would weigh 8 lb.; of silver, 10 lb.; of gold, 19; and of platinum, 22 lb. Tho ingot was turned out by the Aluminium Company's new works, near Birmingham. Efforts were made some time ago by the "Water Supply department to induce the local bodies in tho Geelong district to form them selves into a water trust and take over the man agement of the works from which Geelong obtains its supply of water. An agitation lufs been carried on for several years in Geelong to induco tho Government to uudertako the eonstructiou of a now scheme for augment ing the supply, experience having shown that the existing works, though they cost a large sum of monoy, are inudrequato to meet tho requirements of tho district. But tlio Government finds itself in this unfortunate position, that it is only obtaining a return of about 2 per cent, upon the costly works sleady constructed, and that to undertoko a new schomo would moan increasing the annual loss. It is urged, however, on behalf s of tho inhabitant of Geelong that they should not bo hold responsible for tho blundering of the engineers of tho department by whom the old works were in the first instunco designed, and, tho carrying out of the Barwon River scheme is urgently in sisted upon. : This scheme; after making allow ance for certain sections of tho oxisting works proposed to ' be incorporated with it, would represent a liability of £250,000, for which" the "Water Supply ' department ask tho local bodies to make themselves responsible. . It is admitted on all hands that by tho Barwon River scheme Geelong would obtain a magnifi cent supply of water, but there appears to bo great reluctance on the part of a portion of the local bodies to commit themselves to any pecu niary liability in the matter, their wish being that the new works should also bo constructed by the Government. It has beon pointed out that tho policy of the Government is to commit all water works to tho management of local trusts,' the State lending the money required for construction purposes, but the trusts having to guaranteo payment of interest and a sinking fund equal togother to 6 per cout. per annum. The Geelong town council and other local bodies occupying high levels in the district hove intimated to the AVater Supply depart ment their readiness to form a trust, but no disposition has beon shown by other bodies to join in the undertaking. The intercolonial cricket match between Vic toria and New South AVales was continued on tho Melbourno cricket ground on Saturday, in the presence of a large assemblage of spectators, numbering about 6000. The New South AVales team, who had made 16 runs without the loss of a wlokot on Friday evening, were all disposed of for 238, of which Donnan made 48 not out, Hictardson 4-1, Jones 41, Eannermann 39. M'BonneU 27, and Ferris 13. The A'ictorians, who wero 86 rui)s in arrear on tho first innings, have lost one wioket (Bruce's) in their second for 17 runs, Blackham (10) and Burton (4) being not out. The match, which is. exciting unusual interest in cricket ciroloa, will be resumed at 11 o'clock this morning. On Saturday evening tho com peting teams were entertaiued by the M.C.O. nt dinner in tho large hall under tho grand stand, tho utmost good fellowship prevailing and a most onjoyablo evening being experienced. A dinner was given on Saturday ovening by the Melbourno Criokct Club to tho players en gaged in the intercolonial matoh between Vic toria and New South AVales. Mr. F. G. Smith president of tho club, occupied the"" chair, and about 00 persons sat down. A number of , speeches were made, in which the recent action of tho Victorian Cricketers' Association in en deavoring to stop the matches arranged by tho Sydney Association with tho M.O.O. was unani mously condemned as being inimical to the interests of cricket. Tho raco meeting held at Elstemwick Park on Snturday was well attended, and tlio pro gramme of seven events was successfully gone thrqugli. Tho, opening race, a Maiden Trot, was won by Tommy, tho favorite, with Nolly Bly. second, and Scrcnader third. Another favorite, Nectarine, got homo in tho January Handicap froraAVinnio, AVyvis and sovenothers. LadyAVildewonthoHnrdleRace,beatingMarron, tho favorite, who was second, "Weathercock nnd three others. For tho Selling Raco St. John enjoyed a. .walk ovor, and in tho Corinthian Handicap The Forsaken finished first and Summer second. A protest was entered against the winner on the ground that sho had inter fered with the chance of Summer by running him against the rails, and another protest was entered against Summer, it being alleged that earlier in tho raco lie had interfered with Autumn nnd Iona, causing tho first named to fall and tho other to stumble over him, both riders, Messrs. H. D." Griffiths and AV. S. Cox, jun., being thrown. Tho two gentlemen wero brought in by the casualty waggon, when it was found that they had escaped with nothing worse than, a severe shaking. Tho protests will bo considered by tho stewards to-day at half-past 11 o'clock. For tho Time Handicap Trot, which followed, Ivanlioo was first, Tommy second and Tommy IH. third, and for the Elstemwick Park Handicap, which concluded tho day's racing, Ilex, the favorite, was successful, beating Straight Shot, Marron and two others. The railway authorities havo fenced off a piece of land lying between the morgue and the Brighton lino for ultimato conversion into a shunting yard attached to the Princcs-bridee and Flinders-street stations. It is probable that in the course of a fow years the accommoda tion in connection with these depots will, have to bo still further amplified, and this has not es caped the notice of the commissioners. Under a Transfer Act which was hurriedly passed through Parliament towards tho closo. of tho lato session, the whole of the land east ward of Prinoes-bridge station to Jolimont was vested in tho Railway department, includ ing the East Melbourne cricket ground. Mr. James P. Lescsnc, the now United States Consul-General for Australasia, arrived in Mel- bourdo from Sydney by tho mail on Saturday. Sir. Lesesno is at present stopping at Menzies' Hotel, and will at once assume the duties of his office. " The permanent non-commissioned officers of the motto ted rifles have just completed their periodical courto of'examination and instruction at head- quarters, and tho country men havo re turned to their districts. Tho course .-lias in cluded instruction in signalling under Capt. Hoad, tho adjutant, who has lately beon ap pointed director of tho signalling branch. A cheap excursion train will leave Melbourno this morning for Maryborough and all stations, thonce vid Dunolly to Inglewood. Tho bookings amount to 100 passengers. On Tuesday a return train will run by that route to Melbourno, bring ing hither 25 passengors first class, and 350 second class. An unfortunate mishap occurred at tho garden party given on Saturday by Sir AVilliam and Lady Olarko at Rnpertswood, Sunbury, to the members of tho Intercolonial Medical Con gress of Australasia. A man named George AVillinmson, who resides in Bank-street, South Melbourne, was acting as waiter at the banquet given by Sir AVilliam Clarko to his guests, and whilst opening a bottle of soda water the cork flew out witli great force, striking AVilliamson in the right eye. The blow was so severe that it burst tho retina of tho oye. Dr. M. J. Symmons, ophthalmic surgeon at tlio Adelaide Hospital, happening to be in tho immediate vicinity, was colled, and ou'making an examina tion declared that the eye was irretrievably lost. Tho unfortunate man was removed to the Eye and Ear Hospital, and yesterday tho eye was removed. Another Gorman colonial settlement is (says tho Pali Mail Oaztle of 7tli December) pretty well on its last legs. Tho.state of things in New Guinea seems to be almost as bad as in East Africa. The Governor is about to resign, and, according to a Munich newspaper, the financial condition of tho New Guinea'Company is very serious. Excossive centralisation anil the expenditure of money.- upon, which there is no prospect of immediate return has led to a rumor that tho company has offered to sell its territories to the German.Empiro for the modest sum of £200,000. Judging by tho experience that has been afforded us of German colonisa tion in Africa, it would seem that the only business in which tho German colonists are experts is that of graciously accepting a charter from the German Government, and then of magnanimously asking tho Government, after a couple of years, either to spend hundreds of thousands in vindicating their authority, or to buy back tho charter for a round suin. "Experience," says the old saw, "is never worth aught until it has been dearly bought ;" anil the price of the commodity is no oheaper for Germans than it has been for us. Tho Vienna correspondent of tho Standard writes : — " It has boen discovered that on Tues day night the mail train from Vienna to Brttnn andFraguo barely escaped a terrible disaster. Near the Grussbach station, 93 kilo metres north of Vienna, just an hour before the train was timed to pass, it was dis covered that several of tho fails had been maliciously loosened. Tho details to hand ren der it certain that but for tho presence of mind anil high sense of duty of Sergeant Joseph Sticha, a non- commissionedofficer of gendarmes, tho diabolical plot woldd havo succeeded, and a fearful catastrophe havo been inevitable. Fortunately, Sticha happened to hear a suspicious noise near tho rail3 somo distance from Grussbach. On ap proaching the spot he saw four men take to flight, leaving behind them the tools withwliich they were working. Ho discovered that the miscreants had already wrenched out two of the rails. Tho first impulse of the gendarme was to follow tho criminals, but remembering that tho express train would soon bo passing ho ran to the station at Grussbach, a distance of three Eng- ligh miles, and on reaching tho signal threw his red handkerchief over it as a rough warning of danger. He just reached the station in time to stop the train, which consisted of 15 car riages, all well filled — carrying, in fact, about 250 people, few of whom could have escaped a torriblo death but for tlio gendarme's presence of mind. Tho spot at which tho rails had been pulled up was situated a' few yards before reaching the bridge, crossing some 18 foot liigli over a brook. The locality, as well as tho hour, was evidently designedly chosen. Tho criminals are unfortu nately still at largo. As soon as tho case becomes generally known tho public will do doubt amply reward tho courageous policeman, to whose vigilance, sound common sense and promptitudo it is duo tbat.tho world has been spared a most terrible railway disaster. " > For many weeks past (remarks the St. Peters burg correspondent of tho Times on 4th December) the Russian press has never ceased to bewail tho unexpected riso to predominance Of England's influonce at the expense of Russia's iu Tehcran. This feeling lias now produced a vigorous ipress attack on England, Persia and tho Russian Foreign Office. At first tho Russian ' ambassador, . Princo Dolgorouky, was censured. - for being absent from his post; thus giving Sir Henry Drum mond AVolff .an opening. Neither M. de Giers nor M. Zinovieff, who did so much to es tablish Russian prestige in Persia, in conjunc tion with General Skobeleff, is spared in the sweeping denunciation levelled against the Ministry for. Foreign Affairs, on the sub- jcot of its unsuccessful conduct of affairs with Persia. For tlireo days in succession tho A Tovoe Vrcmya has contained three columns on this theme. To-dny it reprints a long letter from General Skoboloff to a Russian diplomatist, written in 1879, which was translated into the Times and other London newspapers in Maroh, 1884\. This political ghost of General Skobeleff is again brought beforo the directors of Russian diplomacy to warn them, in tho ' words of the late hero, against the attempts suro to be mado by England, " boaring at first a purely commercial charac ter, "but in reality constituting "indireot in vasive action aimed against Russia's possessions in tho Caucasus and Central Asia, and- against preponderating influence throughout Persia. " Tho campaign opened in tho Novae Vrcmya ngainst tho diplomatists is evidently tho work of its staff of military politicians and writers. In their opinion, Sir H. Drummond AVolff haj not only secured tlio navigation of tho Karen, but has also instigated Porsia's refusal to permit tho residenco of a Russian Consul at MeBhod, em- bo)d»ued the Shah's Government to prohibit the salo of wheat to tho Russians at Lutfabad, and encouraged the Persians to shirk the construction of their half of tho high rood from Askabad to Meshed. Both North and South Persia havo suddenly fallen completely under tho powty of the British Ambassador, whoso appointment .was not so long ago hailed by Muscovite-editors almost with derision— so absolutely confident? wero thoy of a monopoly of influence atTohenfih"' Sir H. Drummond AVolff's success is considered a national Russian disaster, equal to the failure of tho first Akkal Tckkeo oxpedition. Such a collnpso of Russian ascendancy is described, is " a derailment of tho diplomatic train," for' which tho Foreign Offico and tho whole system of Russian diplomaoy are to blamo. To obviate the evil effects of the catastrophe, concludes tho Novae Vrcmya, Russia must not countorbribo all tho Persian Ministers, but take strong action directly against tho Shah for his violation of a treaty in respect of tho reported prohibition of tho sale of cereals over the Khorasau frontier. It will bo romembored that on the 28th of December hist Constablo Anderson, of tho AVilliamstown water, police, performed a very pluoky feat by jumping off one of tho piers on a pitch-dark night, and rescuing from drowning a would-be suicide named Edith Turnbull, who was fully 50 yards from tho shore. Constable Anderson has received intimation through his auperior officer that a very strong recommenda tion has beon added to his good record sheet ; nnd it is stated that tho Humane Society have also dotermincd to mark their senso of his courageous conduct in some way. Tho last nights of the domestic drama, The AVorld Against Her, aro announced at the Alexandra Theatre. Next Saturday evening a new play entitled Marvellous Melbourno is to bo performed for tho first time. Tho farcical comedy, Tho Private Secretary, is still received at the Bijou Theatre with undiminished merriment. Tho comic opera, Dorothy, was repeated at the Princess's Theatre, on Snturday evening, in tho presence of a large audience. Tho pantpmime, Sinbad the Sailor, attracted a numerous audience at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. At tho Opera House this evening a change of programme will bo introduced. Tlio play Cur rent Cash is to bo revived. There was a large attendance at Pain's fire works in the Friondly Societies' Gardens last Snturday evening. .The display was received with the accustomed favor. Both St. George's Hall nnd "Victoria Hall wore well attended on Saturday evening, aud the variety entertainments presented elicited geneial applause. The members of tho Metropolitan Licdcrtafpl will entertain tho membora of tho Medical Congress this evoning in tho Athomoum Hall. Should any gentlemen havo beon overlooked in sending out tho invitations the committee of tho Licdortafel trust this notico will be accepted as an invitation. Messrs. Groig and Murray will hold a salo f furniture at their rooms, 20 Queen-street, at 11 o clock to-day. The postal authorities havo beon advised from Foo Chow that communication witli Shanghai lias been restored. Madras advises that tho Teheran route is restored to London. In response to a numerously signed testimonial, Mr. Jauies Campbell (late Postinastcr-General) lias consented to become a candidate for the St. lvUtla seat. . The odiourned meeting of the Grocers' Assistants' Mutual Improvement Society will be hold at tho Coffee Palaeu, Buurko-stiect, this evening, at 8 sharp. At tho Estate Auction Ilall, 79 Collins-street west, to-day, at 11.30 a.m., Mr. J. II. Knipo will soil by auction 73 iirst-chiss specimens of colonial art, by T. Flintoff, including English, Scotch, Irish, aud Australian scenery. 