CHAPTER XXXVII. I.A1>Y CKCIUA'.S CKIMK. Ft was late in May, and Lord Strath" spey had been Jying ill at " The Firs ' for a couplc of weeks. His malady was brain-fever, of a most aggravated type, and the medical men would not sutler hiin to be moved. Moreover, Lady Drum inoiul would not agree to it. lie was one of her oldest friends, and she felt it a privilege to be able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless man that he was ! The earl was very ill, and in imminent I danger of death. The grave doctors warned Lady Neville that she must be j prepared for the worst. She and Lady | I'» arl were permanently established at I "The Firs," until the crisis of the di sease should be over. Sir Ikiyard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at the Towers, riding over to Lady Druiiiinond's every day, to learn how his father was progressing-. At last there came a night when the final crisis was at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming 111 panting gasps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on her knees in her own chamber, and poor little l'earl had sob bed herself into a troubled sleep; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man's pillow. She stood and watched him with .1 kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her hands locked, her white teeth set, her black eyes glittering. It was her work, and yet at that moment she would freely have given the soul from her body to un do it. The tiny French clock 011 the mantel ticked away the laggard moments, arid the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely seeming to breathe. Lady Cecilia's e3'es never once left the white, dealh-stricken face. " Oh, if he might live, if he might live," was the one cry of her heart. She could nut pray. She knew 110 CJod, she had 110 hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in life ! And in that terrible moment, all lier love, fierce and selfish love it u-as, blazed up afresh in her heart, like a consuming lire. The little clock struck for midnight, and the doctors exchanged glances. For one moment their patient lay breathless, h:s eyes closed, his hand< lying limp and white mi the coverlid. Then there c.nne a sudden, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids fluttered, the labouring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon the sud'erer like a benediction. *" He'll live." said the doctors, in a breath. *' the danger's past!"' Lady Cecilia uttered a cry of joy, and fled away to her own chamber to weep the passionate tears she could not re strain. Her paroxysm of emotion over, she filing the casement wide open, and sat down to reflect. All her mad, s'lfish, passionate nature was in a tumult, but supreme above every other feeling was her love, the Jove which neglect and coldness and time had failed to subdue. She had worked for her re venge upon tiiis man who had played her false, and in the end, when her way was clear, she found the old love rising up, stronger even than her hate. ' She bared her queenly-head to the ni<rht winds, and raised her troubled gaze to the silent, starlight sky, and let her thoughts rove back to those early days, when her hopes were so bright. " I could win him yet," she said, at Inst, between her set teeth, " i could wear the coronet I ahv;iys coveted, if I onlyfrfc ' She hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant whisper, and her eyes wandered through au open door into the chamber where poor old Sir Yarney lay. A benig nant. generous old man, with a heart as teuder and simple as a child's, and only one failing, his weak, indulging love for t'.ie woman who was his wife. Her eyes wandered toward the cham ber, full of passionate scorn and con tempt. She could see him lying on his couch, his .silver hair streaming over the pillow and around his peaceful face. *' The olddotart!' she murmured, licr fine lips curling. " Will he live forever, I wond'-r ? I married him for his gold why can't he die now, and set me free why can't he In the soft spring moonlight that streamed through the casement her face looked like the face of a beautiful iiend. " i could win him. AU things prosper with ine. I could be Countess of Strath spey yet, \1' I o:ert'. onhj fn'r She uttered the words in a kind of breathless way, and her fascinated gaze still sought Sir Yarne.y's ehan ber. Once in her mind, the horrible idea seemed to possess and control her. She arose softly, and crossed into the room on tiptoe. '. Strong and healthy-he'll live for ever !" she uttered, gazing down upon the sleeping baronet's face: "and I am bound to him. What a fool 1 was ! Not even his gold and title were worth this. Why can't the old fool die ?' Once give way to a temptation and it haunts you tu the end. Lady Drum niond's face grew white and set in the misty moonlight, and her eyes began to glitter with ;t baleful light. "Why not?' she murmured, in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. '. liutier wo men than I am have done as hid. I can't live on, fettered to an old doturd j I can't-/ "w,7 The pas ionate whisper half rou-ed Sir Yarney: he turned oil his pillow aud j murmured incoherently. S!ie watched I him with burning eyes tiii he relapsed Iinto sleep ; then she crossed the room and entered a small closet, fitted out like I a caliim t, with innumerable rows of | bottles on the shelves. One of these she | selected-a tiny, slender vial, filled with. | a whitish kind of mixture-and pu ting it in her bosom, re-locked the cabinet and returned to the chamber. Sir Y.-iruey was stirring again, and slightly moaning, as if in pain. Presently h<\- raised himself to a sitting posture, and his eyes fell upon his wife. 022 " WhjT, Cecilia!" lie said, in the kind voice with which he always addressed her; ** why are you up so late, child ? Wliat's the matter ? Is the earl wor.se 1" No ; he's better, Sir Varney.11 " Well, I'm truly glad. Cecilia, my love, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a strange, unpleasant sensation 3 1 must have had a rush of blood to the brain, or something of the kind." His wife arose with alacrit3'. She had hearkened to the voice of the tempter, and he was prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. She crossed to the little table upon which the wine service stood, and turn in" her back upon her husband, poured out a glass ; then, without an instant's hesitation, she drew the little vial from | her bosom, and removing the cork, poured about half the whitish mixture into the wine. It was all done, and the vial re-hiudcii in her bosom, in the space of a breath. "Will you drink it undiluted, Sir Varney V she asked, approaching the bed. " Yes, my dear, I'll take it just so. I'm feeling miserably weak." She put the glass in his hand, and he drained it at a draught. " Why, child, he said, " it has a bitter ish taste, or perhaps my tongue's fevered. There, that will -do," as she smoothed j out his pillow. " Thank you, lay love, I and I'm sorry to have troubled you. <io to bed now-please do. You'll be ill to morrow, and I don't like to see my dar I ling's checks pale." She turned to leave him, aud had half crossed the room, when he called her baclc. " Cecilia," he said, " I'm foolish and childish to-night Won't you kiss me once before y«nj go ? I believe if you do 1 shall l»e able to sleep." She turned back, aud kissed him with out a HO.d. ** My neauliful darling, my own, own wife," lie murmured, stroking her head caressingly. i-'he hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully j white and horror-stricken. j 41 I am free-I am free,"' she whis- | pered, in a d:ized sort of w;ij% as she j entered her own apartment and locked ! herself in. j ( To be fontinncd.) » 