Who and What Was It. "Ghosts I What fudge 1. No one really believes in them, you know, Gyneth," said young Gilbert Mallandaine, handing his yellow-haired cousin a plate, whereon were half-a-dozen chestnuts roasted to a turn. "'He jests at scars who never felt a wound,' quoted a soft-toned voice from the deep gloom of the chimney corner, and the words were said so gravely that everyone looked across towards Colonel Egerton. Gyneth, with her yellow hair and her hazel eyes, had an eager, wistful expression on her delicate features; and as she tried to pierce the gloom, a tongue of flame leaped up from the yule log in the wide chimney, and momentarily illumined a dark, hand some face. Then the flame sank, and a silence fell on the little party. There were not many of them, though it was Christmas Eve, and generally Christmas was kept in fine old style at Mallandaine Hall; but Sir Edward's sister had died quite recently; so the home circle, Sir Elward and his son and daughter, was only increased by the presence of Gyneth's cousin Gilbert-home from Ox ford- Colonel Egerton, a friend of ten years' standing, and a sister of Sir Edward's dead wife. Between Gyneth and Colonel Eger ton there had always existed a perfect un derstanding, from the time he first knew Sir Edward and his family, when Gyneth was a child and sat on the Colonel's knee. His affection for the child was singularly strong and tenacious. Sir Edward often thought there must be some deeper reasen for this than Gyneth's beauty and charm, for some :times the Colonel would- look into the( child's eyes as if he were trying to read there some answer to a question in his own heart, and then he would strain her to him, and so hold her for minutes, with his face bowed down on her sunny head. This was only when he thought himself quite alone with Gyneth, and the child never spoke of such moments, nor did Sir Edward ever question his friend concerning his love for the little maiden. Gyneth was not a child now in years, but she was in heart, or she thought she was. In the winter gloaming these people, all bound together by ties of close affection, gathered round the yule log in the great dining:robm, and toasted chestnuts and talked in desultory fashion till someone-it was Gyneth's brother Digby-suggested a ghost story, and so called forth Gilbert's jesting exclamation. "But, Colonel Egerton," young Oxford first broke the silence, "you don't mean that you believe in ghosts ? " \- "Why.not " Oh l- you're joking " "No, I am very serious. -You can't un derstand a man.of forty believing such nonsense ; biut there is sucnoh a thing, you know, as the scepticism of ignorance and inexperience." Gilbert looked rather ashamed, and colored high. The Colonel saw this-for young Mallandaine sat in the fall1light of the fire -and then changed his tone, for he was as tender-hearted as a woman, and could not endure to give pain. " I beg your pardon," he said, with that noble courtesy which never shrinks from own. ing a fault, however young or humble be the person offended. " I allowed my personal feeling to run away with me just now. This is a sacred subject with me, and I own it gives me a kind of pain to hear it ridiculed by those who only repeat what they hear." "I'm so sorry, Colonel Egerton," said Gil bert penitently, "I didn't know -" "No, no, Gilbert-how should you know ? You were thoughtless, though not more so than many of your elders. People say ' see ing is believing;' but some people, see, and yet they won't believe." ".I fancy I should," said Gilbert; "but, Colonel Egerton, did you ever see a ghost 2" "No," he answered, in a low tone, "I never saw one." Again Gyneth looked up with that eager, wistful look, but she said nothing. "But you have known something," said Gilbert, no longer joking, but earnest, " that makes you speak as you do." " Gilbert,"' whispered sensitive Gyneth, " don't ask him; it is something he doesn't like to talk about." "If Ithought -" Colonel Egerton began and paused. A strange feeling of expectancy -almost of awe hung over the little circle. No one spoke. "If I thought," the Colonel went on, "that my experience would help anyone here to speak and to speak reverently of mysteries which link the material with the spiritual world,:I would speak to you of that which has never yet passed mylips; the relation will give_ me some pain, but some happiness also." "Oh I Colonel Egerton," exolaimed Gil bert and Digby, almost in a breath, don't tell as if you would rather not;" "If you are willing to listen,"-the soldier began gently. " Ah I you know how we should like to hear," was quickly spoken by all, Sir Edward jomning in, all except Gyneth. She held her breath, and herheart throbbed ; but she said nothing. - Involuntarily they all drew closer together, and Gilbert, the sceptic, glaniced over his shoulder at the dark room behind him. In the brief pause, Gyneth rose from her seat and went softly towards the Colonel. He had=certainly made no sign to her, and she could not see his face, he was so deep in the shadow; but as she came round to his side, he looked up in the fair young face, taking her hand in0 his - -" What made you come to me?" he whis. pered. " How did you know I wanted you " "I canndt tell," she said, "but you did want me, didn'tyou ?" " "ABi yes, yee;I cannot speak, at least, \- not of this, unless you are by my side." There was room on the settee; he drew the girl down by hiin, and put his arm round her. She trembled-she knew not why, but she felt that he trembled more, and his heart beat heavily. He seemed to be very strongly agitated; but he mastered himself- he was a man in whom self-command was second nature-and then he began, speaking in a low, clear voice: "You all know that my mother was a SGerman, and 'that in the Franco-German war I served in one of the regiments under the Crown Prince Frederich Wilhelm, ' unser Fritz.' I have told you many of my ex periences, but of this oise never- until this evening.. - '" In a sharp skirmish with French troops near a village called Gencirau I was severe ly wounded, and after. being found on the field by'some of the French I: was taken to the.im-abulance,- where I was tended by the surgeon as if-I had, been a friend instead of .an enemy. The. nirsesin this ambulance were all Sisters of Ch:irity, and I was one of four patients placed specially under the care of Scour Rose-Marie. bhe was, I suppose, about twenty-five years old, andifI-say she was a lovely woman, I - say what sounds merely conventional, because no words could describe a beauty ;like hers. It was the beauty of a saint. Rose- Marie was a saint. She might have been one of the five hand. m idens . S? Whose names Are fve sweet symphenies.' : "I used to think sometimes she was, and called her Bosalys, . I told her why one day, and she reproved me. In her own eyes she was a sinner,?,but we emiled-if she said this. Did I lodve iRose- Marie? Love her I No, not as we understand love between men and women; she was,.a nun; and she was as far above all eartlily 'passious. as Heaven is -above earth. I worshipped her-I loved her with a love ideal, pure, as if she had been the embodied saint I half believed her to be. But she possessed my whoie being; she will always possess it. She changed the whole current of my life and thought; and she loved me as a saint may love a sinner; not as a woman loves a man. Heaven and my own soul know all I owe to Rosie- Marie." He paused a moment; his hand sought Gyneth's, and clasped it very close. That seemed to give him strength. He went on "The time came that my wounds were healed. I must go out from heaven to earth, I must leave Rosie- Marie." " Shall we ever be together again?' I said, when we parted. "' We shall always be together,' she an swered. ' Heaven gave us to each other. We cannot be parted.' " I understood her, and, even in my terri ble grief, I was comforted. "I never saw Rosie-Marie again. In the awful time of the Commune she was in Paris, compelling the adoration of even the fierce Atheist communards by the sublimity of her character-the perfection of her self abnegation. She walked fearlessly amid the tumult of the streets to seek the wounded and dying; and one day a stray shot-the lowest of the murderous crew would not have wilfully have harmed her-struck her and she fell. She was carried into the nearest place-a church-and so died, as she would have wished to die, before the altar, in the very presence of God." He bowed his head, and scarcely the whis per passed his lips, " Rose-Marie, my saint, my good, my hope, we shall meet face to face one day I" No one spoke; the flames flickered and rippled softly. There was a kind of awe. over the little gathering. It seemed as if this sainted nun were among them. ~j Colonel Egerton went on. "Years passed over, and, after much tra velling and foreign service, I found myself at last once more in London. It was shortly before I had the great happiness of know ing you." He spoke as to all; but instinc tively, involuntarily, he drew Gyneth's fair head towards his breast, as if in his heart the words were for her. "I was not at that time very well off, and I could not afford to live at an hotel, or even in the best class of apartments. I was obliged to look out for rooms in a central part of London, where I could get space and comfort at a moderate rent. After hunting about for a day or two without finding what I wanted, I called at a house in Doughty street, near the Foundling Hospital. The door was opened to me by a man of whom I took no particular notice, but I was not very agreeably impressed by him. However, I inquired for what I wanted-a drawing-room floor-and he in. formed me theirs was to let, naming a rent that came within my means. 'I will send my wife up to you,' he said, and in a minute or two Mrs. Burtoni-that was the name appeared. She was a neat-looking woman of perhaps 45-the husband was older-but her manner was exceedingly effusive, and she never looked straight at you when she spoke to you, However, one is not disposed to be' hypercritical about lan'dladies ; the rooms, suited me, and I took them and went in the same evening. "I had at that time a great deal of writing to do. I was editing a book written by a brother officer who had been killed, and as his family were left badly off, and depended on the sale of the work, I was anxious to get it ready for the publishers as soon as pos sible. There was' no writing table in my sitting-room. I bought one and soon had all my papers arranged and ready to commence work. Among the, things belonging to my friend of which I had taken charge was a small iron casket, such as is used for keeping money in. In this casket, however, there was no money, but things more precious to the dead man's family, poor though they were-his medals, and two or three rings, valuable only because they were his. He had begged me to keep the casket until I could deliver it into his wife's own hands, which, as she was at present abroad, I could not do. "I was arranging my papers, &c.;, in the various drawers of the table, when Mrs. Burton came up to lay the supper. The iron casket stood upon the writing table, and in moving it to get at some book near it, the medals inside chinked together. I did not observe whether Mrs. Burton noticed either the casket or the chinking sound; I was not looking at her, and went on with my employ ment, presently placing the casket in one of the table drawers which, I locked. But by this time my landlady had left the room. I was very tired that night, and went to bed early, locking my door as I usually do in hotels or apartments, a habit I contracted from travelling in places where one has sometimes to keep a loaded revolver handy at night." Gyneth shuddered a little, and drew a quick breath. Colonel.Egerton looked down tenderly at the sweet young face resting against him, and his heart beat faster. He went on : "The next day I commenced work. I heard casually from Mrs. Burton in the morning that there were no other lodgers in the house besides myself, and there did not appear to be any servant. So much the better, I thought, that I was alone in the house. "My writing-table was so placed that the door of the room was behind me, After supper-I had been busy all day-I sat read ing for a while, to give my brain a rest, and then I commenced work again. "It was by this time past 11 o'clock, and my landlord and his wife usually went to bed at 10-so Mrs Burton bad told me. She had been up to ask me if I wanted anything more, and had bidden me good night in her effusive manner; so here I was al6ne, quiet within and quiet without, for Doughty street being defended by gates, jealously guarded by the inhabitants, has no through traffic. '" It was not likely an old campaigner like me would feel nervous at being alone late at night, awake when all the rest of the world was asleep; but I think the brain is always. more or less excited under such conditions, and I had been working all day and was work ing now. " I heard some clock striking twelve, and was just pulling out my watch to compare it with the clock, when a sudden draught made me instinctively look round. The door was open. Not wide open, nor a little ajar, but about half-way open. It gave me, just for a moment, an ' eerie 'feeling, as theytay in the North, to see this. There is somethingstart ling in a door quietly opening, apparently of its own accord; you have a sort of inexplicable feeling that something has come in. But of course such a feeling was but transitory. Most of these old houses in the West Central district have sunk a good deal, and in lodging houses the catches of the doors ar. often im perfect. Probably Mrs. Burton had not shut the door close when she left the room to go to her own, and it had simply come open. I went and shut it, noticing as I did so that it was a strong catch. I made sure, therefore, that the door would not open again, and returned to my table. "But even as I resumed my seat another feeling came over me-a feeling that made me-I may say compelled me to-turn round once more and survey the room, my heart seeming to cease beating. "Iwaa Jno longer alone. That was what I felt. My eyes assured me that the weird im pression was only a nervous disturbance of a perhaps over-excited brain. There was no one in the room, and no place where even a child could have concealed itself. My gaze, from where I sat, took in all the apartment contained-chairs, tables, small chiffonier all prosaic and commonplace, after the ap proved lodging-house standard-no grim cabinets or sweeping draperies-nothing to suggest anything so romantic as the super natural. I turned back to my writing, ashamed of myself. I had behaved like some nsuperstitious school-girl, who had struffed her head with the stories in Mrs. Crowe's 'Night Side of Nature.' I, a soldier, who had watched by the dying on the battlefield at night, to tremble at an imagination of my own disturbed fancy ? So I reasoned while I took up a book that lay on the table, and began searching out some references that I required. "Began searching-that is, tried to begin searching. I could not do it. I had, as it' were, mentally endeatrored to shut down the feeling that I was not alone, as a bad reasoner will endeavor to crush a logical opponent by sheer loud talking. But I had not succeeded; The feeling re mained; it grew; it possessed me with an overwhelming strength. I struggled against the mad .longing to look round-the mad feeling of having something behind me. I would not be a fool and a coward; I bent over the book. I felt myself growing white, the drops stood on my brow. The print swam before my eyes; my breath grew thick and labored. I could strive no longer. I sprang to my feet and faced the room. " The tables, the chairs, the few pictures on the walls, the, prim little chiffonier, nothing else I There was no one in the room. No sound within or without but the heavy throbbing of my own heart. "No one ! There was someone-who and what was it, in Heaven's name? . I tried to call it still my fancy. I was excited, over worked-going mad-anything i But all the time I felt I knew that my brain had never been more clear; that it was no fancy, but a reality ; none the less a reality because it was not tangible. Some personality besides -myown wasin that room, whether of- man or woman I could not tell ; in what part of the room I could not tell; but it was there. " The sense of this unseen presence para lyzed me. If I could only have seen my hidden companion; but to know I was in an invisible presence filled me with ineffable dread. I dared not move from.where I stood. I might touch accidentally this form less form. Yet it might come close to me where I stood- might touch me. Oh I the agony of those minutes. Why had this presence come to me? Or had it come to me? If I could only see it I if I could only see it I "I cannot tell how long it was before a new feeling stole into my heart-a feeling that the visitation was beneficent and not malignant, that for some good purpose it was permitted, and with that feeling came a sudden thrill of joy, a wild, strange hope that shaped itself into sound, the sound of a name always in my thoughts 'Rose-Marie I' She had said she would be always with me. I knew that there was communion between her spirit and mine; she among the sainted dead ever prayed for me, and I, morning and evening, asked her prayers for me. Was it now given to her to come to me in spiritual presence? Oh l to see her, to see her once more I 'Rose Marie,' I whispered, sinking on my knees, 'Marie, let my eyes behold you !' But there was only blank space. I saw nothing. S" I don't know, then, if I fainted, or what happened exactly. The next thing I re member is half-lying on.the couch, and there was the room as I had left it, and the lights burning; but I was alone. That unseen presence had gone. Had I been dreaming? I asked myself that question; and some of you perhaps think I had. Hear me still, if you have patience to listen to the end." " Oh ! please go on," in eager whispers from the intent group. Gyneth's little hand trembled in the clasp that held it, but she was silent. " The next day," said Colonel Egerton, " I scarcely saw Mrs. Burton. It seemed to me as if she had held aloof ; but I was. too much absorbed in the thoughts of my last night's experience to be troubled with conjectures about my landlady. I dreaded the night, for I must sit up late, or it would be impos sible to finish work which I had promised to the publishers that week. Mrs. Burton, when she brought up the tea, asked me if I should be up late. "You must get so tired, sir," she remarked. "I replied that I was accustomedito long hours of work, and I should certainly have to sit up that night. "Before I proceeded to work, I moved my table a little more out from the wall, so that I could sit facing the door. Then I set my self resolutely, took out my books and papers, and began to write. "An hour passed, and though I own I frequently raised my eyes to the door, it had not moved. Twelve o'clock struck, the 'witching hour,' and still nothing disturbed me, and I began to feel secure-almost to persuade myself that I had, after all, last night fallen asleep and dreamt all that had happened, "Even as that thought crossed me, sud. denly, silently, the door opened just- as it had done last night, just so wide, and no wider. I felt the blood in my veins turned to ice; the pen fell from my hand; I sat petrified, and again I knew that I was not alone; once more that mysterious invisible presence was with me. Why was I thus haunted? M echanically, at last-I knew I knew not how many minutes had passed I rose, with some vague intention, I think, of going to shut theldoor, when I saw a flash of a white, drawn, horrified face, with glassy eyes staring wildly into the room. Before I had time to recognise that face, there was a hoarse, half-stifled cry, and a body fell forwards heavily into the apart ment, and lay prone on the floor. I sprang forward; there was nothing supernatural here-the cry, the face, the form were hu man. I beheld to my unutterable amaze ment the countenance of my landlord, and as I bent over him-he was in a species of fit--I saw by his side-evidently having dropped from his hand-a long knife I Great heavens I I saw it all now. That mysteri ous presence was indeed heaven-sent. This wretched man had meant to murder me l-In one flash of memory I recalled the casket, and that Mrs. Burton had seen it. The mis. erable couple supposed that casket contained money, and had planned to assassinate me as I sat alone at work. But how had my un seen visitor saved me ? Had this wretched murderer seen what was invisible to me ? I busied myself to restore the man to his senses, and presently succeeded. . He opened his eyes, and glared wildly around him. " ' The woman 1' he muttered. 'Is she gonel Thewoman ' "In intense excitement I asked him, ' What woman ? Whom did you see ?'. "He shuddered violently, and raised him self a little. 'The woman,' he said, faintly, 'the nin who sat there and looked at me." "At these words I fell on my knees, and raised my clasped hands to heaven. ' Rose Marie,' I cried; 'Rose-Marie !' "Promising this man to take no steps to punish him for his intended crime, I induced him totell me the whole truth. These are almost his very words, for I wrote them down while they were fresh in my memory. "' My wife and I were on the verge of ruin; we could not pay the rent. The landlord threatened toput in the brokers. The day you came my wife saw an iroe casket on your table, and heard a chink within it as of money, You put it in one of the table drawers. We were desperate, and the op portunity was ready to my hand; How easy to stab you as you sat up writing, and so arrange matters that your death should seem to be suicide.: That;night I crept to your room; but as I approached the door I saw that it was open, a'nd, peeping in,:I beheld a lady sitting in an arm- chair, with her face turned towards me. She was very beautiful, deadly pale, with large, steady brown eyes. She was dressed like a Sister of Charity. I thought it very strange you should have such a visitor, and at that hour, and sit with your back taurmned towards her ;i but I dared not enter, and stole away, thinking the nun did not see me. I would try again to-night. And to-night when I. came in again the door was open. I peeped cautiously, and there in the place-sat the same woman--the nun. Her eyes met mine -they seemed to read my soul-I knew then it was no creature of flesh and blood I saw, my fear and agony overcame me, and I fell. It was that nun-ghost or vision, or what ever it was, who saved your life i' "That is the story of my experience," said Colonel Egerton, after a few moments' silence, during which his listeners hardly seemed to breathe. "Why it was denied to me to see this sainted being, so ineffably dear.to me, He knows Who sent her to save me from an awful death; but will anyone who hears me doubt that the woman whom this guilty man saw those two nights was the spirit of Rose-Marie ? Wul anyone still scoff at the belief that the dead may some times return to earth ?" It was Gilbert. Malandaine who spoke softly out of the darkness. "I am one," he said, "who will never again scoff. You have converted me. I believe as you believe." Gyneth trembled in the clasp that enfolded her. "Oh 1" she whispered brokenly, "if Rose-Marie had not come to you I'' ' It was dark, quite dark now in the room, save for a dull red glow on the hearth, for the logs had burnt low, and no one had thought of stirring them; all were too ab sorbed in listening to the strange narrative of their old friend. Colonel Egerton lfit over the young face, dimly outlined to hi~ in the gloom. " You are like Rose-Marie," he whispered. "You have hazel eyes like hers, and sometimes her spirit seems to look at me through those eyes. That is why I love you, Gyneth-that is why I have always loved you." Gyneth knew now-she had felt, without knowing, more than once that evening that she was a child no longer. "You seemed to belong to me," the Colonel whispered again. "I felt, the first day I saw you, that you were mine-that one day you would be wholly mine. Is it so, Gyneth ?" He bent lower, and his -lips met hers. There was no need for her to speak ;- she answered him without words, as he folded her close to his heart, and it seemed to him, as he raised his eyes, that a shadowy form in nun's garb stood near him, and smiled with steadfast hazel eyes into his. That might have been his fancy, the pictured vision of his soul; but he knew that Rose Marie was .in very close communion with him to- night, and it may be he saw her.in actual presence ? Why not ? 