RUSSIA AND PERSIA. For many weeks past (remarks the St. Petersburg correspondent of the Times on 4th December the Russian Press has never ceased to bewail the unexpected rise to predominance of England's influence at the expense of Russia's in Teheran. This feeling has now produced a vigorous Press attack an England, Persia, and the Russian Foreign Office. At first the Russian ambassador, Prince Dolgorouky, was censured for being absent from his post, thus giving Sir Henry Drummond Wolff' an opening. Neither M. de Giers nor M. Zinovieff, who did so much to establish Russian prestige in Persia, in conjunction with General Skobeleff, is spared in the sweeping denunciation levelled against the Ministry for Foreign Affairs on the subject of its unsuccessful conduct of affairs with Persia. For three days in succession the Novoe Vremya has contained three columns on this theme. To-day it reprints a long letter from General Skobeleff to a Russian diplomatist, written in 1875), which was translated into the Times and other London newspapers in March, 1884. This political ghost of General Skobeleff is again brought before the directors of Russian diplomacy to warn them, in the words of the late hero, against the attempts sure to be made by England, " bearing at first a purely commercial character," but in reality constitut- ing " indirect invasive action aimed against Russia's possessions in the Caucasus and Central Asia, and against [preponderating influence throughout Persia," The campaign opened in the Novoe Vremya against the diplomatists is evidently the work of Its star' of military politicians and writers, [in their opinion, Sir H. Drummond Wolff has not only secured the navigation of the Karun, but has also instigated Persia's refusal to permit the residence of a Russian Consul at Meshed, emboldened the Shah's Government to prohibit the sale of wheat to the Russians at Lutfabad, and encouraged the Persians to shirk the construction of their half of the high road from Askabad to Meshed. Both North and South Persia have suddenly fallen completely under the power of the British Ambassador, whose appointment was not so long ago hailed by Muscovite editors almost with derision-so absolutely confi Jent were they of a monopoly of influence it Teheran. Sir H. Drummond Wolff's success is considered a national Russian disaster, equal to the failure of the first Akkal Tekkee expedition. Such a collapse of Russian ascendency is described as a derailment of the diplomatic train, for which the Foreign Office and the whole system of Russian diplomacy are to blame. To obviate the evil effects of the catastrophe, concludes the Novoe Vremya, Russia must not counter bribe all the Persian Ministers, but take strong action directly against the Shah for his violation of a treaty in respect of the reported prohibition of the sale of cereals over the Khorasan frontier. The dull monotony of jurisprudence was somewhat broken up in our Civil Court on Wednesday (says the Silver Age of 11th in- stant when Mr. J. Kay Hall was placed on the witness stand to give evidence in the case st J. Solomon v. M. Stephens :-" What is your name, asked Mr. Copinger. John Kay Hall " came the reply. " And what does K stand for, please, sir?" "Kay, sir." [Laughter.) " I know perfectly well what you laid, sir ; but what does K stand for in full ?" [Smiles.) "It stands for Kay when it's full, sir." (Roars.) " If K is the first, what are the whole of the letters of your name, sir." (Bitters.) " Kay, sir ;" and even the court lost its gravity. Mr. Benjamin Sparks, merchant, Turbot Street, was sworn in before Mr. Samuel Maxwell last week as a justice of the peace for Queensland. DocnTFur. Cocoas. A caution is issued by Messrs. Cadbury warning the public against Dutch Cocoas and their English imitations erroneously called pure, which contain about 4 per cent of added alkali, &c.; The absolute purity of Cadbury's Cocoa is guaranteed. IAOTT.) 