DIOOESE OF BALLABAT. . , (Froth our oion Correspondent.) The Bishop returned to Ballarat on Thursday, 12th inst., after a visitation in the western portion of his diocese. The first annual distribution of prizes at the Holy Ghost College took place on Thursday, 12th inst. The Bishop presided, the Very Bev. J. E. Beff<5 (the president), and the Bevs. Frs. Brennan, Carey, and Croagh being also present. A number of very beautiful books were awarded to the successful competitors. His Lordship made the distribution. Tne college during the short period it has been in existence has made great progress, and it is intended to have a public exhibition next year. On Monday last the. distribution of prizes in connection with Loretto Con. vfent, Mary's Mount, Wendouree, took place. The Bight Bev. I>r. Moore presided. A number of really beautiful books were given to the young ladies for proficiency in the several branches taught at the convent. The distribution this year was private. The Catholics of Ballarat and the diocese generally will be glad to learn that the Poor Sisters of Nazateth have accepted tenders for the erection of their neW convent (Nazareth House) at Lake Wendouree, the amount of the tender being £7150. The new building, the plans of which have been brought out by the Bishop himself, will, when completed, form a very imposing structure, and will add very much to the architectural appearance of our fair city. It will consist of three Stories, and will have a facade of 125 feet to Mills-street and 50 feet .to: Lake Wendouree. As the good sisters have thus undertaken a great responsibility in behalf of the aged poor and. the orphan, I feel confident the Catholics of thediocese will generously come forward to their aid. They have since their arrival amongst us done a great deal'of good, and alleviated much distress, but owing to the want of sufficient accommodation their efforts have necessarily been restricted. They hope,^however, with the blessing of God, that when the new building has been erectedj they will be able to carry out their benevolent intentions on the samei lines as the parent house Hammersmith, London, where the poor receive alms daily at their gates, and the orphan is taken in, and where, in their declining days, the aged and infirm will find a home, with all the consolations of religion, under the loving care of the good sisters. During this great festival of Christmas, when every Catholic heart rejoices, and when the scattered members of a family meet together for a short time, and joy abounds, we should not forget God's poor. And no more fitting way for showing this could be afforded than by contributing to the great Work which the Poor Sisters of Nazareth have undertaken, especially by those whom Divine , Providence has blessed with a superabundance of this world's goods. KOEOIT. The Bedemptorist Fathers (Frs. 0'Fq.rrell, Plunkett, and O'Neill) are now conducting a renewal of the mission which was so successful here about twelve months ago. All the devotions are very well attended! and the sermons of the Fathers seem to produce a very telling effect. On Sunday evening Fr. O'Parrell delivered an impressive sermbn on the " Last Judgment," no small number of the congregation , being affected. The mission rtill continue until next Sunday, the 22nd inst. The Bishop of the diocese has paid us a visit, and during his lord ship'6 stay he maide an examination of the schools here and in Crossley, and seemed to be Well pleased with the maimer in which they are being conducted. The bazaar in aid of ,the building fund of the ' preybytery has been aft' unqualified success.' The ibtal result, with last year's ^air, amounts to £1450. This is considered very gratifying Indeed; Tfiere is, only a very smill; balance now 1 left on ,the building, whiph wis hope to: clear , off beforp lpng. -.Great icredit ifi due toour much-respected *f$acher, Mr,- J. J. Casey, who filled the unenviable position oi secretary, for the able inahnbr inwhich everything,was carried out', A new sphool is in the course, of 'er^cjljion. The , building, /which is. of; stone, will be very commodious and comfortable when completed. It -is so plann&d;: 5 that it : may' servealso' as a public J hall' and meeting room when ! oc«aritoni<reqaires. 