THE MERCURY. HOBART: THURSDAY, FEB. 21, 1889. EPITOME OF NEWS. Hobart Rifle Club fire for Cascade Brewery Co.'9 trophy (£20 cheque) on Saturday. The transfer books of the T.S.N. Co. will be re-opened to-morrow. Meeting re new club Tasmanian Hall at 8 p.m. Edward Hanlau displaced his rowing abilities on the Tamar yesterday. Tenders are called for construction of telegraph line Gladstone to Eddystone Point. Masonic banquet to Sir W. J.Clarke, Hart., on Saturday evening next. S.a. Huon follows Derwent Sailing Club yacht race« on Saturday afternoon next. Assessment Appeal Court resdmes sitting to-day. List considerably reduced. Council of Education yesterday appointed committee to prepare draft scheme of exams for 1890. Court of Special General Sessions at Bellerive on 28th instant to hear assessment appeals. Assessment books are now open for inspec- tion at 12 county municipalities enumerated in advertisement. Mangana people are 'asking for increased postal facilities. Treasurer making in- quiries into the matter. Mr. E. A. Counsel baa been appointed Deputy-Surveyor-General, and Mr. Leven- thorpe Hall Chief Draftsman in the Lands and Survey Department. The Government intend asking Parliament to pay police subsidies up to September 30 in caseswhereequitable claims can bees tablisbed and due regard to strict economy ha9 been exe.-cised. , ! Famine in Southern Russia is'causing many deaths. . King William,' o£, Holland, is, again seri- ously ill.' j Melbourne, wool, sales bara closed with prices somewhat irregular. i \ The, ;Gerinnn¡, Trade Congress is, now sitting.^ i ', ,', I r ' The rocall'of Sir John H. Brand, President 'of Orange Free State, ia confirmed. The' Holy Ghost College was opened at Ballarat on Tuesday by Archbishop Carr. ; i A now'Ohinese Resident has beon appointed in Tibet. ¡Henry Goorgo ptoposes to visit Australia "at an early date. ' ' i Work on the Panama Canal will probably cease noxt month, 'The European and'North American beet .crop is estimated at 190,000 tons less than that of last year. .Mails from the diaablod steamer Hohen staufen will be brought from Colombo to Melbourne by steamer Hamburg. James L. Carew, member for 'North Kil- dare, is under arrest for breach of the Ciimes Act. LadyLooh yesterday presented Victorian Cadets with new colours imada by herself and daughters. \- four millions sterling of United States revenue is to be distributed to recoup pay- ment of war taxes. Sir Thomas Mcilwraith, tecuperating ¡n Japan, proposes returning te Queensland next month. The Canadian Congress has rejected a pro- posal for extending trade treaties with foreign states. ' ' The report that the British Government propose expending one hundred millions on defences is officially denied. 'Ihe recent coal strikes ia New South Wales caused the Australian Agricultural Co. a loss of £16,000. Schooner Edith May, of Sydney, ia tup posed to have been lost at Noumea, with all hands, during recent hurricane. Amalgamated Shearers' Union and sheep owners are holding conference at Wagga as to basis for amicable adjustment of the shearing difficulty. deputation from Sydney Young Men's Christian Association visit Brisbane to set local association, now nearly collapsing, on its legs again. Members of Maribyrnong Estate syndi- cate, Victoria, have applied for injunction to stay dealing with the land, and to obtain a return of their deposits. Caucus of Victorian Libeial members yes- terday retained Mi-, Deakin as leader, and appointed committee to prepare party pro- gramma for coming oloctions. Wreck of brig Neptune attributed to care-' lessuees of captain and mat«. Certificate of .former suspended for two yean, and of latter for one year.' *"' In telegraphic correspondence re proposed Pacific cable, Mr. Dibbs suggests that con- ference should be held at Sydney, as parent of Australasian group. The old Adam is strong in Mr. Justice ¡HiaiNBOXHAM, although he is no longer in the forefront of the political battle, but is the chief representative of the law in'the colony of Victoria, The proposed departure of Sir Henuv Loch on a visit to Europe seems to have raised the question as to whether Mr. Justice HtaitTOOTitAM should bo Acting-Governor, seeing that the Lieut-Governor, Sir William Sta- well, is precluded from fulfilling his duties by ill-health. This has caused to be brought to light a series of letters the first of which was written two years ago, which passed between the Secretary of State for the Colonies, | Lord Knutsford, and Mr. Justice Higin botham, occupying over eight columns of the Melbourne Argus. Apart from side issues, several of which are raised in the course of the correspondence, the whole contention amounts to the simple proposition luid down again, as it has been laid down maiy times before, by Mr. HiaiNBOTUAM, that the Imperial Go- vernment has no right to advise its representative in regard to colonial affairs. According to the contention of the Chief Justice of Victoria, the ratification of the Constitution Act, which carne into force in 1855, swept away all the powers of the Imperial Government in regard to local matters, so that the Governor stands alone, is bound to act alone, and has no right even to report to the Colonial Office anything which takes place in his colony, except so far as it Bay relate to foreign affairs, with which he adds, the colonies have no right whatever to meddle, or even so much as ex- press an opinion upon This is precisely what Mr. Hioinbotham used to contend for in the days of " the crisis," when he induced a majority ¡in a wild and rockies Assembly tto pass a resolution to that effect, which he has recently quoted, as if it could, possibly be of the least value. Naturally, when the fact of the proposed visit to Europe was made known, the Colonial Office was very reluctant to put the name of the Chief Justice in the dormant commission, though he seems to have desired thut it should be there, and we know that Sir W. Robinson, lately Governor of South Australia, has been made the Acting-Governor instead of the Chief Justice. Lord Knutsford, it seems, took the advice of the' law officers of the Crown, and they state that Mr. Hiqindotmam's view of the law is wrong, and that being the case, he was, of course, dis Suahfied from being appointed Acting \o vernor ; especially the validity of in- structions, which he regards as obso- lete and of no effect, is utterly denied by him. Since he has been Chief Justice he has once or twice acted upon this view. In the case of a prisoner sentenced to death, he re- fused to attend a meeting of the Executive and produce his notes, unless he was asked to do so by the Ministry and not by'the Governor, for he denies the right of the GovtRNOtt to exercise the prerogative of mercy, as required in his instructions, and insists that it can be exercised by the Minis- try alone, on whose advice the Governor is bound to act. He also I holds that a Governor is bound to accept os law whatever his local legal advisers may tell him is so, no matter how preposterous the advice may be, and that the sole control of finance lies with the Legislative Assembly, and that the Council has no right to exercise the power of re- jection conferred upon it by the Con- stitution Act. All these questions were fully argued not many years ago, and the case went so much against Mr. Hioinbotham and his then colleagues, that all have dis- appeared but himself. He, however, never changes. Having once arrived at a conviction, time cannot stale nor weaken it in any way. The whole array of legal ability in the colony and at home is against him, yet he persists. He puts his case with all tho persistency and the force of a man who does not think, but knows, that there can be no other side, and stands as firmly alone as though backed by thousands He is now precisely where he was in the Darling crisis 'days. He led that unhappy Governor astray by his per- sistency and force of mind, which, liku a stream, runs all the more strongly because the channel is narrow, and ho now stands up and braves the whole world If assertion could suffice, the case would be settled. As it is, there is one link in the proof wanting Mr. Hkhnbotham has failed always to show how the Constitution Acts of the colonies practically annul all instructions, and render them actually illegal and improper. As far as the reading of ordinary people goes, the Governors, though having to deal with representative constitutions, still remain the servants of the Crown, even as they were before, and are bound to do what they are in- structed.' The responsibility lies with the Colonial Office, not with the Governors. That office may do un- wise things, though it is very cautious, but so far as the Governors are con I cerned, there is nothing to show, at all events Mr. Hiqinbotuam shows nothing, which authorises them to refuse to be instructed. There is no question raised as to how Governors should be appointed. Mr. Hioinbotham does not at all share the feeling expressed in Queensland recently, probably regards it as ahsurd and unwarranted, but insists that a Governor having been appointed, no one atthe Colonial Office,whether "the man Rooebs," whom he used to de- nounce, or anybody else, has any right to give instructions, or even to íeceive news from the Governor of what is going on in the colony. This, as we have said, he has not demonstrated, so that the case goes by default, for until this is shown to be the law, it is idle to argue on issues which depend altogethei upon this first step being established We may say, however, that Mr Higin bothoi lins a belief that the Colonial Olhce is engaged in a deep scheme to keep control over the colonies through the Governors, which is proved by the fact that it sends out at times instruc- tions, and actually expects to' be in formed of"wlmt is going on.~"Most per- sons will think that this is another delusion, but whether it is or not, it does not at all affect the main ques- tion. Wero wo to deal with these matters on other than strictly legal grounds, we might point out that it is necessary to have some power which can enforce the observance of consti- tutional practice, as otherwise a majority in an Assembly might back up a Ministry in making a revolution, or in plundering the Stote. Mr. Hiqikbotham was a member of a Ministry which tried to carry on the government without Parliament voting the money to do so, which is about the best proof that we can havo of the necessity of a Governor being inde Etendent, even in regard to certain ocal affairs. Te Koon, the leader of the insurrectionary outbreak in New Zealand in I860, and prime figure in the Poverty Bay massacres, pi o mises to bo tho cause of some trouble in that country. At the termination of the wai, he was outlawed, and a prlco put upon hi« head, but he evaded all attempts at hil cap- ture, and remained in the safety of the native fastnesses of the King Country until some few years back, when tho Hall Government in the hopo of gaining a little cheap native popularity, granted him a free pardon. The policy of this step was most severely criti- cised on all hands at the time, but a« action was taken without any intimation of Bncli intention, tho mischief was doue Ixiforo any expostulation could be made thereagainst. Injudicious it undoubtedly was, for although the forgiveness of our enemios is a principal tenot in Christian religion«, yet there is nothing willoh says that we shall place them in a position to repeat the injurias, or, that we should remove all safeguards against such nu event. To Kooti'a fiendish atrocities in Poverty Bay equalled, if thoy did not sur- pass, what is often chronicled a« being prac- tised by American Indians on the borders of civilisation, and consequently he has been constituted the " Black Douglas " of the country by housewives tormented by troublous children, but beside this, settlers in the Waithato, Poverty Bay, and East Coast districts have a wholesome dread of his evil influence, if allowed to renew his relationship with the tribe to which he belongs. They certainly are best quali- fied to judge "of what is likely to prejudicially affect themselves and their surroundings, and thoy have ever raisod their voices against this. For some few years Te Kooti has' been on his best be- havior, not daring to venturo into tho dis- tricts niado notorious by hid past atrocities, for lie well knew the feeling against him that existed, and perhaps feared that some stray bullet from the gun of an aggrieved relative of a former victim might find its billet in his dusky carcase, for thero still live in those districts mon who have sworn to take his life if tho opportunity ever offers. Now, however, he would appear to havo conquered his fears, and cable advices state that a proposed viait in state to his old tribe lins been tho cause of a manifestation of hostile feeling on the part of the settlers who havo formed a Vigilance Committee for the pin pose of preventing the meeting.- The Government, though appealed to, declined to interfere, mel ely warning both parties to abstain from any violonce, In view of tho circumstances, this action seems somewhat curious. To Kooti, though he goes attended hy some Beventy Maoris, all unarmed, and with un ostentatious avowal of "Peace and goodwill toward men," ia a man venerated by certain of the tribes, one of the «¡liest of wily-tongucd savages, and pos- sessed of great ability as an orator of tho inflammatory character. There is an old Maori proverb, that Maori hatred is only quenched by the death of cither the person hated or the hater. There still exists in the King Country, despite the fact that the " Tapu " has been lifted, and v> hite feet havo, trodden that soil, aye, and even i though a Minister of _ Native Affairs has done so, many sections of the native population who ro-" gard the Pakuba with aught but veneration or brotherly love, and although the Govern- ment may be keeping strictly within their pi omise in closing their ears to tho request of the settlers to prohibit the meeting, they should bear in mind that "prevention'is better than eui e." At present it looks as though a collision was inevitable. Tlic. Gov eminent must certainly have it in . their powei to prohibit any gathering likely to culminate in a riot or bloodshed. To permit a fiicbraud of this character to como and go at will among a people who hove evidenced theit disaffection on one or two occasions since he was given his liberty, a man with a deep-rooted fancied wrong, ami one vi ho has always believed and avowed his mission to be the extei mination of tho'white intruders,' cannot be politic. ' , ' -. . Bl Tin. Agent General for Tasmania has suc- ceeded in making at least-one useful friend in London, Jiov" Anglo -Australian,!1! who wiites a page of chit-chat and comment upon colonial affaiis in tho Eut opean ¡ATail, has seen Mr. Braddon 'Vat homo," at West-» niiiistei, and congiatulutes the colony upon possessing au Agent-General who will re- present it, not only wisely, but well. The visit was ovidently a pleasant olio, resulting in u mutual " catch on " at once, and the colony ia certainly no sufferer by Mr, Bl Addon's pou eis of creating au impression when he lays himself out for the business, foi " Anglo Australian " proceeds in his next comnlunication to'record the1 fact that there is a spirit t of progress' in this little colony, and that "its finances aio manifestly impro\ ing, the latest returns exhibiting a veiy healthy growth in revenue, which entirely refutes the pessimists who seem anxious to Bee only the worst possible side of things in all relating to the island colony." The writer evidently is un- aware that Mr. Braddon and his col- leagues were the original pessimist», and the blunderers who inspired what h ant of faith has been experienced abroad, and is much further wanting in facts when he piocccda to deny, as the result of this little visit, that sundry pioposuls of the Government have been rejected. He tukea no notice whatever of the proposals of 1887, and wrote before the laat change of front in January last, when an income tax proposal was submitted and withdrawn. Mr. Bruddon'sreputation of "organising to a fault" preceded bim to London; if hi» organising genius is no more successful in his present ornee than it waa in the Lands and Works Office, there will not be any occasion for congratulating the colony on his appointment. The new Agent-General will have some important dutio» to discharge in the interest of this colony, requiring all the qualifications his new panegyrist claims for him, and if they are discharged v. ith satis- faction all of those who were opposed to the appointment, on very good grounds at the time, will bo piepared to recogniso hie soi vices with gratitude. Til Kia', is a curious mistake in an arti- cle in tho Contemporary Iteview, by Earl Carnarvon, on Party Govorment. The call. Uko many others, ovidcntly'thinks that the British Constitution is undergoing changes which threaten Borious ovil», og there is now such a bidding for popularity as was never Been in Great Britain befóte. He goes on to remark that thing« look as if i 1 ' tiro,Constitution would bo put up to Dutch auction, und knocked down to the lowest ' biddor. This is a vory retnarkamo blunder, as any system of auction which allowed tho lowest bidder to become tho purchasor would bo a wonilor ' indee«!, and, certainly,- show- that-Canning formed a quite erroneous idea of the char- acter of the traders of Holland, Ho onco sent a despatch, beginning in tho following wav : - , " , Id raattor« of commorco the huit ot tho Dutch, Ii giving too Ilttlo »mt taking too much': I - 1 and so ho deolured that he would l put on a duty of 20 por cent. In a Dutch auction, as most persons know, goods are put up at a very high price, which is gradually lowered until gome one bids the lost pi-ice asked, when they aro knocked down tu him. Thus, he is really the highest bidder, us uo one agreed to give more, und not hyuny means the lowest. Apart from this mistake, whichshoWR that Homo of tho most experienced publie men sometimes nod, tho article is a very valuable one, as showing what experienced politicians think of the chunges that are going on in Kngland at the present time. Earl Carnarvon rcmurkB that tha object of party Government should be, to get tho best men on both sides, and that formerly there were limits beyond which neither party ever dreamed of going. Now, no such limits cxiBt, and things are done which would have been scouted half a century ago, or even less. Evidently Hail Carnarvon thinks that modern developments are not at all satis- factory. " ' 'llf ' Thk Sorell Railway Becms to bo an unceas- ing bono of contention. To-day a meeting is to bo held at Bellerive,'for tho purpose of taking steps to have the Jims taken by the way of Rokeby, a, change which is objectod to very strongly by many persons. It is said that an tuigements have boen made to establish at leust one largo industry on tho original route of the 'line, and that to ohango the loute now would bo a very serious matter indeed. We presume that at tho meeting both Bides h ill-'be heard, and wo counsel tho exerciso of much caution in ni i i ving at a decision. Posïai,.-The residents of Mangana have petitioned the Postniaster-UeneriiT for in- creased postal facilities. The hon. gentleman lias diiccted inquiries to be made with a view to fully uicoitainiiig the w.iut-s of the district. Telkoiuphio.-The following cablegram was received at the Telegraph Office from tho South Australian omeo yesterday: " Madras notifies Teheran route interlupted beyond Teheran." This Polioe Sujhidy.-The Government are issuing a circular to the wardens of municipalities who hav-o hitherto been in receipt of a grant-in-aid of poliuo, announc- ing that it is their intention to submit to Parliament a proposal to recoup the munici- pal councils tne eont of maintaining their Cilice in excess of the ninepenny rate, ho conditions arc that the money will be paid up to the 30th September next, where over an equitable claim can be established, and due regard to sti ict economy has been excerised. Lands and Scrvxv Depaktmrst.-The Government liavc at last decided to fill the office of Deputy Surveyor-General, rendered vacant by the death of Mr. C. P. Sprent, who discharged this duty in connection with that of Deputy Commissioner of Crown Lands. Mr. É. A. Counsel, district sur- veyor for Pembroke, Monmouth, Somerset, and part of Glamorgan, has been appointed to the office. Mr. Leventhorpe Hall, one of the draftsmen in the department, hus been appointed chief draftsman in succession to Mr. Albert Reid, piomotcd to the office of Deputy Commissioner of Crow n Lands. Tasmanian Wkathkr Map.-Captain J. Shortt, R.N., meteorological observer, has issued a mup of the colony showing the« rainfall during 1888 at the various stations whore observations were taken. By means of discs coloured blue, and drawn to scale, the propoi lion of i nin ut each place of ob- servation is noted at a glance, and a tabu- lated statement shows the rainfall of 1888 at each station as compared with that in pie viotis years, the series varying from two years to nix. Corinna and Waratah are the two most humid station» in the island. Since the map was compiled, additional stations have been formed at Trial Har- bour, Sorell Lake, the Great Lake, Bagdad, and two or three other places, so that the next weather map issued will be even a better guide to the meteorological condi- tions of the island than the present. ' Council ok Education.-A meeting of the Council of Education was held yestor day afternoon in the boardroom, when there wore present Mr. \V. Tarleton (in the chah), Canon Archer, M.A., Rev. Geo. Clarke ; Messrs. R. J. Beadon, J. B. Walker, Russell Young, A. Dobson, and T. .Stephens (Director of Education). Preliminary uiiangements waa made for the ,appoint mont of examinóla at the examinations to be held in June nevt for the Degree of Asso- ciate of Arts and the Tasmanian Scholar- ship. A committee was formed for the pur-' ' pose of preparing a di aft scheme of examina- tions under the Council of Education for the year 1800. After transacting somo routine business'the council lose. Crrv Poí.iok Couut.-Yestcriluy, buforo the Police Miigrfatrate and Mr. A. Riddock, J.P., Rachel Thompson, who made hurOBth appearance 'beforo this court, pleaded not .guilty to a charge of being drunk and dis- orderly. P.C. Cfiomloy proved that defen- dant was behaving in a disorderly mininer in front of the Union Hotel. A line of 42s. or two months' imprisonment was imposed. John Cullen, another peace disturber, was ordered to pay 10s. 6d. or go to gaol for 14 days. Charles Carter was charged with exposing for sale two carcases of pork not slaughtered at the public slaughtcr " 'house, nor inspected by a property up pointed otliuer. .Samuel Dove, was also charged with slaughtering the pigsothor than at the public slaughterhouse. Both pleaded §uilty, tho latter defendant stating that hu id not know that inspection was absolutely, necessary. The Police Magistrate explained that both defendants were ¡mille to penalties of £20, hut us they scorned to have acted more in ignoianco of the law than with a view to wilfully ignoring it, nominal penalties only would bo imposed. Tlioy^ were each ordered to pay 10s. and costs. 'August Nelu'onhoim was charged by Walluco Pearshull with neglecting to pay him, £4. 18s., being the amount of . two, week's]] wages. Mr. Hall (instructed by Clark and Simmons) appeared for the plain* tiff, and Mr. \V. A. Finlay (Finlay and Watchorn) instructed by S. W. Westbrook, appeared fordefendant. Í lie case forthepluin tilt was that he agreed to work as a earpontor for defendant at 7». per day, overtime to bo paid for as made. He had done so, und his work had always apparently given satisfac- tion. Throughout he had worked under the supervision ot defendant, and had been paid' at that rate, w ith one day per week allowed for o vol time, with the exception of the fortnight now charged. For the defence it was admitted that defendant had been engaged as ii skilled workman, but had proved a failure., The batten fencing done by him had to be pulled down, in fact, the whole of his vvoik was not up to the mark. Two weeks' wages were owing, but £1 was claimed as a set-on' against the cost of re doing plaintiffs work at the fence. Over- time had been paid whilst defendant was cre- sent butobjectionwasmadetopayingovertime when defendant was absent. The Bench consi- dered that as n» instructions had been given to Slaintiff that lie was not to work overtime urlng defendant's absence it must be paid for. As to the objection of bad work, that had not bcon properly established, and they would therefore ' make an order for thej amount olaimcd, with 23s. costs. Mr. Hall applied for professional costs, to which Mr. Finlay objected. The Bench would not allow them, as they considered the case one that could have been conducted without counsel. W. J. Rout and Richard Back- house, each pleaded guilty to hoglecting to destroy infected fruit, and wore ordered to Eay penalties of 10s. without costs. Mrs. lipscombe, who did not appear, was eburged with similar neglect. The case was heard ex jmrte and proved by H. T. Connor, fruit inspector for the district of Queenborough, a penalty of Uh, and costs being imposed. Rahmt Board Election, Oatlands.-A meeting of landholders in the Oatlands dis- trict will he held in the Town Hull, Oat- lands, at 3 o'clock to-day, for the purpose of olecting a rabbit board for tho current year. Hoiiaiit Riflb Ci.un.-The liberal dona- tion which the liborality of tho Cascade Brewery Co. baa placed lit the disposal of the, Hobart Riflo Club will hu competed for on Saturday next. As the trophy takes tho shape of a cheque for £20, no doubt so de desiruble a prize will be well contested. The lion, secrotary advertises that he will reooive' entries at any time up to 6 p.m. Friday, t ; ' '4 .', ' /- <niVj i Arskhmiüít AiTKALs.-His Honor Mr. Jnstice Dodds will resumo the sitting of the Supremo Court for the hearing of assessment appeals at IO o'clock this morning. During tho adjournment considerable progresa has been made by Mr. .Seabrook in the mutual arrangement of the mattara in disputo between appellants and the Government, no less than ISO appeals out of 100 having been so disposed of. Tho remaining 40 will hare to como before His Honor, but certainly tho' assessor is. to. bo complimented , on what lie has effected, tlmi Baying much valuable time. * ,A Nkw Ci.un.-The¡ Church Institute being about'to close' ita doors, a proposal Ima liceli mudo to take advantage, of tho opportunity to secure the building, furni- ture, otc., on favourable terms and form a now club in Hobart, The desirability of mich action, and the scope for such an institu- tion, has boon debated for «onie time past. A meeting to formally discuss the subject will be held at the Tasmanian Hall this evening. , Masonic.-A meeting of the'Past Masters of tho TuBinunian Union Lodge, 536, E.C., took place yoBterduy afternoon to consider the welcome to be offered to the Right Worshipful District Grand Muster of Vic- toria, Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., at present visiting this colony. It was ultimately de- cided that tho proceedings should take the form of a banquet on Sut m day evening next, Sir William having previously signi- fied that ho would be at liberty that evening. It may bo interesting to Masons generally to know that No. 530 ia Sir Williams mother lodgo, and under these c'ueumstanees its members desire to do honour to one occupying such au exalted position in the craft. It is hoped that all tho sister lodges will unite to muke this banquet worthy of the occasion in every sens« of the word. Full particulars as to tickets, etc., will be found in another column. MASONIC.-At the usual monthly meeting of the Pacific Lodge held last evening. After the ordinary business had taken place, the Worshipful Master (Bro. J. G. Steele), on behalf of the lodge, presented Bro. Past Master R. S. Pink with a handsome Past Master's jewel, as a slight token of the esteem with which the brethren regarded him, and also a mark of appreciation of the able manner in which Bro. Pink presided over the lodge during his mastership. Bro. Pink, who was taken by surprise at the pre- sentation, made a few feeling remarks, thanking the brethren for the handsome jewel which he said he should highly prize as a memento of his Masonic career. Brother Diggs, the Steward of the Lodge, was also the recipient of a similarly hand- some stewards jewel, the presentation being made on behalf of the lodge by the I.P.M., Brother H. L. D'Emden, who eulogised the services of Brother Diggs, he having per- formed his duties to the eminent satisfaction of the lodge. The recipient replied in a few well- chosen remarks. He also thanked the brethren for their gift, stating that his work had been a labour of love, and that he trusted to further merit the confidence reposed in him.-Communicated. Thbatrk Royal.- The farowell benefit to Mr. George Leitch at the Theatre Royal hist evoniiig was under v ice-regal patronage and The Librarian wa« performed before a crowded audience. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Hamilton, and suite, arrived before tho overture, aud us thoy euterud tho vice-regal box the orchestra played the National Anthem. There wa« a great deal of humour in the piece, as nil who have seen thiB comedy before know full well, and the fun began almost immediately after the curtain rofe, when The Libral ian himself appeared. Mr. G. R. Ireland, as the scopegrace nephew, whose uncle had n burning des« e to see him sowing wild oats, certainly played his part well. Tile chcuinstaiices which led to his assumption of clerical garments, and of the j part of a tutor to young Indies, vi'ere at first rather confusing, but when he settled down , in hi» new abode, and combined tho art of love-making with other atiutegio I machination« he fully shared with Mr. Leitch the honours of the hour. Mr. Leitch as the Rev. Robert Sparerib, the original of that ilk who was being counterfeited by the nephew, Arthur McDonald (Mr.Iieland),was excruciatingly funny all through. His miseries, his insatiable hunger, his misfor- tunes, his goloshes, and his difficulties in getting to soo the manager of ; what he thought was a private lunatic asylum, all caused roars of laughter, and v» licnevci- heguve expression to the wish that "itMould rain buns "he provoked considerable mirth. He sang " The good young man who died " as he only can, and his hearers regretted that he did not repeat it. Mr. George Melville played Uncle Mac, Mr. Reg. Rede Squire Maitland, and Mr. J. Wilkinson Mr. Gibson very satisfactorily, although their patts « ere to a certain extent ov urshadowed by the fun which the otheis produced at the instigation of Hauy Maitland (Mr. Fied. Staimmur). Miss Alice Deorw yn and Miss Ella Summers uffbided genuine amusement in their love making and in etended con- fidence in each other, and Miss Carrie Davie, as tho infatuated spiritualist, hoboed to make Mr. Leitchs acting all the more enjoyable. The minor parts were ull well played, und the performance wag concluded in excellent time. Notice of this, the con- cluding performance of u. must successful season, should not close without leforonco to the excellent music rendered by Mr. James Brown's orchestra. ' Ho has introduced nightly tile best and ¡newest selections, all of which have been played in u masterly style, and the attractions of each perform- ance have been enhanced in no slight degree bv Mr. Bl own'« talented services. " " Hans ' tub- Boatman."-Mr. Charles Arnold, who has had such a successful season in Australia, will opon for an eight nights season in the Theatre Royal on Monday night in "Huns the 'Boatman." Scores, of flattering criticisms 'from tho English and Australian Press of Mr. Arnold's acting and tho merits of tho comedy-drama lia ve been placed tit our disposal, of which the following is one :-" If unyoiio wishes to estimate the value of tho unreasoning pre- judice that exists sometimes in religious eirules against the filago, let him go una seo lían« the Boatman, As a stage play it is absolutely pure. It has no moro suggestion of impropriety than a chapter of tho Bible ; and the principles it teaches ure thoso of that noblest and most touching hpmlly on human duty that ever fell on earthly cara, tho ' Sermon on tho Mount.' Blessed ure tho poor, in spirit ; blessed they that mourn ; blessed are the meek ; mid blCBSed aro tho merciful ; blessed ara, the pure in heart ; and- blessed ure the peacemakers, TIiobc and such 'like uro the teachings of Ham the Boatman. It does not sat itself to teach religion ; and that is what makes its lessons all tho more 'touching .and impressive It docs not dis- cover the higher motives from the innocent weaknesses of human nature, but placing tho fountain of tears close beside the foun- tain of laughter, it carries ono on so that with the bettor sentiments and < omotions always welling ' up' in the heart' one docs not know whether to laugh < or weep. Tho artless good- natured Huns-with his love of little children, li is garnirais with the little 'kiddies,' his shyness in making love, the ludicrous quaintnosH of his broken English, tho pathos of hi» suffering, the warmth and faithfulness of his affection-takes the spectators captive, and keeps thom spell boi'nd to tho end : whilo the sudden tran- sitions from pathos to mirth, from tears to laughter, keep the feelings in that con- tinuous emotional state that is the most im- pressionable of all. Hans the Boatman is not a sermon ; nor is it intended for any- thing higher perhaps than to give two or three hours of fascinating enjoyment in a wildcrment of tho feelings between pathos and drollery, between tears and smiles, liku dewdropB sparkling in the sunshine. Rut I would defy anyone constituted as human nature is, to go away without feeling buttered from having followed the fortunes of Hans the Boatman. And in these days of the expansion of intelligence, whon all the forces of Nature aro being pressed into the servie« of man ; when preconceptions and prejudices are weighed and valued, and filing aside if Worthless ; one 'cannot help being lost in wonder that those who specially charge themselves with the amelioration of liumun nature can ignore the drama; and not met ely ignore, but disparage, and oven fear us a wicked thing, an avenuo which the hand of Nature itself has opened to every human heart, " RivBii"Excun»ioN.-The Monarch, p.e., will make an excursion to New Norfolk to- day, leaving at ft a.m., and returning at 4 p.m., thus giving evuursionistfl ammo op- portunity to visit the Salmon Ponds and hop gardens. Cakf. Fair, Richmond.-A cake and apron fair in aid of tho funds of the Zenana Mission Working Association will be oponed ut 12.30 to-day by Lady Hamilton, in the Library Hull, Richmond. | IConukut.-Tlio postponed concert to bo given by the member» of the St. Andrews' Choral Association takes place thin oven ing. CuMiimtLANi) Rm'inii Cuni.-The initial meat of this newly-formed club takes piuco at 1'othwoll on 20th prox. Tho programme comprises Hurdle Race, Trial Stakes, Cum- berland Steeplechase, Bothwoll Handicap,' and Consolation Stakes. Owners intending to nominate will boar in mind that entries close on Saturday next with' the holt.' «ocre, tary, Mr. A. A. Roid. ' " ! ' ,'^J ,< ' t1.'.-/. tlliil)j!» Wksi.kvan Ciiuiioii, Nkw Tow.v.-Tho service in connection with tho Sunday school anniversary commenced on Sunday hutt when sermons wore preached by the Revs. I. K. Mcintyre and Pastor McCullough. In the afternoon, prizes were presented to tho Boholars. At ouch scrvico there were good congregations, mid satisfactory collections wcro taken up. On Tuesday evening a V fmillie mooting, followed by a corteo und 1 rillt siippor, vvuH held. Tho chair waa taken f by Rov. G. Schofield, who openod the moot- ing with dovotionul exercises, and then 'called upon the socrotary, Mr. W. P. Brow null, to read tho roport, which allowed the roll to consist of one superintendent, nine teachers, one socrotary, olio assistant secre- tary, 73 boya, and 78 girls, with an average attendance of 91. Amongst other matters, regret was expressed at the loss the school had sustained by the loss of tho services of Mr. II. F. Marsh, who lind removed to Hobart. Addresses wore given by Messrs. Moses Ward, G. T. Taylor, S. H. Burrows, W. P. Browucll, R. Smith, etc., and the choir rendered several anthems in a very pleasing manner. An interval then took place, during which coffee, tea, fruit, and refreshments were handed round by a host of ready helpers. The collection was then mude, after which tho chairman announced that the teacher ol the school and members of the church fuit that they could not let Mr. H. V. Marsh leave their circuit without pre- senting him w ith a memento of their good- will towards him. He then, in the namo of the circuit and Behool, presented Mr. I Marsh with an illuminated address (tho ' work of Mr. G. T. Taylor), in a massive gilt frame. The address alluded to the valuable Borvico the recipient had ren- dered as secretary of the Sabbath school, circuit steward, leader of the choir, etc., expressing the hopo that the day was not fur distant when his service« would again bo available for New Town. Kindly recogni- tion was also made of tho assistance rendered by Mrs. Marsh in the choir, and tho various social phases of church life, and concluded with wishing them every spiritual .'and tentpole) blessing. Mr. Muran, who was taken by surprise, roplied, thanking the friend« for their kindly recognition of hi« services, and «tuting that the success of school und church was owing to the unity and kindly feeling which existed on all hand«. The einging of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction bronght.the' meeting to a close. Yestorday the annual picnic «as held at Cornelian Bay, and passed off in a satisfactory manner. ¡ ., ,. i Lkctuhe on Nkwspapkrs.-Nowspapera,1 how they are made, and how to read them, wan the subject of the second of the current series of lectures delivered in the Union schoolroom, Bathurst-street, last evening, by the Rev. J. W. Simmons. There was a good attendance, and some vocal and instru- mental items weis very well given by the young peuple who have identified them- selves with these entertainments. The lecturer in the course of his remark« first sketched tho manner in which a newspaper enterprise commenced, cataloguing tho various trades called into requisition to 4 supply preliminaries in the form of offices, ' building«, machinory, type, etc, etc. He t then reviewed the internal machinery of a big dally, its advertising arrangements, the mechanical departments, and, finally, its editorial supervision, which latter had to provide for report« from all quarters of the globe, upon all subjects, varying from a needle to an anchor, from a revolution to a horse race, and eo forth. The fact that so many papers bore the title of "Gazette" woe, he said,, by ?onie net down as meaning " magpie," an allusion to the varied character of the news contained therein, but this theory wa» ex- ploded in favour of tho known fact that the title doubtless owed its origin to the custom in vogue during the days of written news- papers of giving to subscribers a " Gaietta " -ticket of admission-to the building in which t)ic manuscript records of passing event» might be pel used. The oldest daily printed papers in the world were the lMily Gourant, Loudon, 1702 ; St. Pcttrahurgh Gazette, 1703 ; Gayeta de Madrid, 1704 ; Journal de Paris ou Poste au Soir, 1777 ; and American Daily Atlrertiotr (Philadel- phia) 1784. Theoldeat authenticated edition of an English printed journal was a Mercury irtegularfy published in 1622, ulthough there were in the British Museum sovoral papers bearing dates prior to this, but which had been proved to li« forgeries of the most bare faced character,undtbatthoauthoritie« of that institution could have been imposed on was mutter for considerable surprise. He com- pared the American and English styles of journalism, expressing himself more favour- ably impressed by tho latter, and pointed J out the vast power for good or ill possessed by the Pi ess, and the^icat care required to successfully conduct u large daily. Hu fuvouinblyicforicd to the Press of Tasmania, > and in conclusion advised his hearers thut the proper way to road a nowspaper was to accept its statements with caution, and when any point was in doubt to endeavour to read between the lines, nnd above all things to verify their leading. Tho lecture . waa listened to with great attention, and the customary compliment paid the loeturcr at its close. I Promenade Conckkt.- Last evening tho Garrison Band gave a most enjoyable con- cert ut -the Barrack-reserve, The atten- dance w'UB very small, but in spite of this tho selections, which woie well chosen, were played with that musical ability for which tho bund is now noted. Among tho selections deserving of spécial mention wet o a waltz, " Old letters ; a fantasia on mili- tary aii'B, and a new march, " La durne mix camelias," introducing a cornet solo played by Mr. Bates with his well known skill. Tho concei t w as enjoyed hy all present, and really deserved a better attendance. Midland Aohiuultübal Association. The postponed annual general meeting will bo held to-day at Konn's Hotel, Cumplxill Town, at 2 p.m. '' ' ' T.S.N. Co.-The ordinary general meet- ing of shareholders of this company takes piuco at tho company's offices at 3 o'clock to-day. Tho agenda confutes tho following ¡tonis :-To receive report and balance-sheet to the 31st December last, and to de- claro a 'dividend ; to elect three ' direc- tora mee ' Messrs, A. G. Wcbstor, C. H. Grant, and W. P. Green, retiring by rota- tion, but eligible for re-election ; to 'elect f auditors.. i . , :, l .. . 1 ' [ Sorell Railway-A mooting of Clarence íútepayers will bo hold ut 3.30 to-day in the Cpuiicil-chnmbels, Bellerive, to consider the loutu for tho Sorell railway. ' ' A PiioToonAi'iiia Mauhine.-Tlio par ticulaia of an invention which, tho Photo l/raphic Ait Journal suys, uppcars to bo tho very lealisation of ingenuity, ia published under dote Novcmhor 23, 1888, for "The application of photography to automatic Balo and delivery machines and the utilisa- tion of automatic Bale and delivery machi nory for . the production, sale, and delivery of photographs." This invention is said to consist of curtain arrange« ments and combinations of mechanism whereby tho samo will automatically take, develop, and deliver a photograph by the ' ferrotype or similar process in exchange for a given coin or coins. The prepared photo- graphie pluto of whatever kind that is to receive the impression rests on a framework (Suspended from a travelling carriage, crane, or arm. This framework ia placed in a' definite position behind a photographic lons. A coin or coins having boen inserted into tho machine, the photographic plato may be suitably exposed by the removal of a shutter covering the lons. It is then carried by tho carriage, crane, or arm over the tanka or reservoirs containing tho necessary solutions or other liquids, and it lowered into and lifted out of each of these lu succession, and is finally ejected from the machine. The carriage, crane, or arm and the frame- work suspoudod from it, return to their former positions, and a fresh photographic plate is ready for the next exposure. By this means either negative or positive pic- tures, eau be produced aceoruiag to the nature of the photographie plate, and of tho solutions employed. The mechanism is in- closed in a box or outer casing, with a pro- jected arm mounted on a pedestal of such a I height that the object of person to be photographed is in foons when resting against the said projecting arm. The put side of,the box is provided with an indicator by means of which the exposure can be ad- justed to suit tho light, the said indicator being marked somewhat as follows ¡-(1) '.Sunshine," (2) "Diffused Light," (3) "Dull," (4) "Very Dull," (5) "Gloomy," and so on. "Komm on Itcu "-"Bough on Itch" cure« »kin humours, oruptlons, ringworm, tetter sutt rheum, front« feet, chilblains, Itch, ivy poison, b liber's Itcb. "Itouan os Coims.'- Ask for Wolli' "Bough oa Ceras." Quick «liol, complete, permanent em» coins, warti. bunkun. At chemists anil drugxlsts Aovicmo MotuimI-Are ron broken in your rest by a nick ciill.l suffering with ttia pain of cutting tooth T (lo «I uncu to H chemlit "nil get a bottlo of Mr» WlNswiw's RooTin/io Syiiu* It will relloio tlio poor luthier Immediately. It la porfeotly harin leas anil ploamnt to testo. It produces natural uuli>t »loop by relieving tho child fruin pain, and the Utile, chormja awakes " as bright sa a ballon " It sooth» Um child, It softons the gums, allay, all pain, relióos «lad, regnlates the bowels, and u the bul known remad/ for dysentery and diarrho», wbothsrartslug from toelblng or other causes, Mrs. Winsle*»* Hool» ln|8ympUsoldbyni<lriBs .«alas* mq »tow «à u li psi. hoto«, , . 