INTEBCOLONUL. Tho Bight Bov. Bishop Gibney recently laid tho foundation stone of a now scioolroom to be erected at North Perth, 'Western Australia. At St. Saviour's Cathedral, Goulburn, Ne rr South Wales, on Sunday, Fobruary 17, the Primate confirmed 13G candidates. The Bishop of Goulburn was too ill to officiate. TheEev. E. T. Dunatau has been formally recognised as the pastor of Trinity Congrega tional Church, Perth, West Australia, in the presence. of several ministers of tho Congrega tional and Presbyterian churches, and a large congregation. At a public meeting of the Cairns Memorial Church, East Melbourne, on February 20, Mr. Buchanan took the opportunity of addressing thpm in reference to his approaching departure for Brisbane, in response to the call of the Wiokham terrace Presbyterian Churoh. Sinco tbe advent of the Vincentian Fathers to Melbourne, several missions have been con ducted at the Boman Catholic churches of tha city and suburbs. At tho clooe of tho mission hflld recently at St. Putrick's Cathedral, tho liahed, und up to Sunday, February 1', over 5,000 members had been enrolled. On February 19 the inaugural proceedings took place in connection with tho opening of the new college, Sturt street, Ballarat, for the Holy Ghost Fathers, a branch at the order at Blackrock, Dublin, und who recently arrived in that city, with several other religious com munities, in charge of the Boman Catholic Bishop of Ballurat on his return from Europe. The pastoral staff, which has been purchased as a congratulatory gift to Bishop Nevill by members of the Anglican Church inOtago, was presented on February 1C. The presentation wan made by the Bight Bov. Dr. Harper, Bishop of Christehurch and Primate of New Zealand. Tho Bev. George Warner (says the Protes tant Ensign), the evangelist of the Primitive Methodist Church in England, a gentleman of considerable ability and wido experience, who is making a tour through the Australasian colonies, is expected to visit Dunodin shortly and conduct a mission in tho Dundas street, St. John's, and Kew churches. 