I , ', STRAHAN. , ' ' , . On the 13th Inst. the s.s. Devon took away J a cargo of. pine (ubout.3,(XX)ft.) in the log. Everything is very quiet here, not even a drunk to occupy the police. This lia cer- is mainly, " for an extreme outlying districts';. one of the quietest: and most orderly comely munities that I have ever resided in. Such I a thing as a robbery is never heard of here ' or on any part of the West Coast, i We are fortunate so far, II A meeting was held the other evening at the Macquarie Harbour Hotel, at which a cricket club was formed, and a committee of five elected. It was also decided that a concert should be held shortly to raise funds for the club. i i s i I i , On the 15th Inst:, the Messrs, Henry's s.s. i Pioneer went down to the heads on a fishing excursion with a t party of invited guests, I and returned next morning with a good haul of fish... The party j thoroughly enjoyed \- themselves. One angler,) hooked a a >, large shark no less than eight times, but his I lordship straightened the hooks each time j just as he was pulled to within 3ft of the surface of the water, ,' it hear The ketch Harry Wood, from the Don River, has 22,000[tj..of-building timber for the Messrs. Henry, of the Pioneer Stores. I may here observe that Mr.' V. O'. Henry was the pioneer storekeeper, of Strahan, when the township was situated on the other side of the bay. He is now erecting cottages | for his employees, and has, a very nice and a, substantial cottage . (or his own, residence, J ' besides large iron stores, fully stocked with a;. ,all,thc^necessaries, and a large' amount of ) ihoIuxuries.of life.,,, j , , i " fl ,., years. ) the National Bank of la«mwu>opt^{ I .; i; j. t . "? , ": at, ;,. t 'r) i s, a branch here at 2..! If another but IJpncejM&d; Wm OrthoÇuhlicsWH =--,-j gentlemen in charge of thvbjkME We have had an agreeable addition to our UadyjM^jBatam^a'advaut^fJink-X^ B. Moore, the bride of the Inspector of Roads ^ÍÍW,l«'«>o*5*íí<«Kyí^h We, one and all, wish her joy sail a hearty welcome-home sugar trashing community and trust that she will be pleased with our beautiful hay, and enjoy many years of wedded happiness to. her new sphere of life. On the 10th, The Wakefield arrived from Launceston with a few passengers and a ' gener al cargo I understand the, Wakefield will remain here and lake in the Trial Harbour work during the time the Minx is, laid up in Launceston for her annual overhaul A very narrow escape from drowning occurred here the morning of the 17th to Mr Charles Doherty, one of the 1 master bakers and storekeeper at the upper landing, King River It appears! that he left Grin unga Union Hotel about 7 MO am -In a sculling outrigger to proceed to the mouth of the King River, a distances four miles, where he has a party of man at work. He had accomplished about half the distance in safety, when all St once the outrigger filled at about half a mile from the nearest shore, Lettuces Bay ! 1 he craft had been leaking a little previously hat no notice was taken of that Fortunately Mr Doherty could swim, but as He had his boots and pants on, the latter son working down to his feet, not having either braces or 'belt in moi host kick to the ghost,' which continually rolled over and over lAflerbelnglnthewater about three hours Had. a half lib got safely to shore taking his Waterlogged ship with him, but having lost a valuable watch, his top coat, and a number of small articles As there area great number of sharks all over the bay MY Doherty was fortunate in safely reaching the shore with a complete set of limbs, which he did, but thoroughly ex hunted from his long struggle with the waves Nevertheless after resting for some time, he emptied the boat of the water that was in her, and then pulled the remainder of the distance to the King Mr Doherty informed me that he never before felt frightened or timid in the water, but in this instance he more than once gave himself up for lost After being some time in the water | he saw one of his friends passing in a boat about half a mile from him, but he was neithcriseen forhead, although he cooeed until he was hoarse.. These accidents seldom teach caution [ We are having most delightful weather here, not too warm, with colic breezes from the sea, I Understand I hut Mr Climie is making fair progress with the permanent survey of the Mount Zeehan railway line, and that he expects to have it completed in about six weeks or two months Had we been an American Community, we should, with the mineral show we have before us, have had a good railway to the field long ago The s s Koonya arrived on the 10th inst from Hobart with over 50 passengers and a general cargo, Mr Morrison, one of the Government surveyors,' being a passenger I understand Mr Morrison has received instructions from the Survey department to strike the different levels of the esplanade As there has been a certain amount of ill feeling engendered here upon this question, it is to be hoped that when the levels are properly defined, the differences between the property holders, with frontages on the esplanade, will be a thing of the past | the first practice at cricket took place On Saturday afternoon January 1!) 