A ROALLNCE. D;f Ow ACT AOND Tmne OCE?nS. Scare L-' How do you ike my biscnits, John,' asked a young wife. 'They are excellent. Delicious in flavour, and as light as your laugh.' 'Is the meat cooked to your liking ?' 'I am delighted with it You can cook a great deal better than mother.' Scu-. II.-' You are late, John, dear; it is past twelve o'clock,' said the wife, as she, helped her husband off with his overcoat. 'Yesh, darling, I was-hic--detained at --' ' Oh, never mind any apologies, dear; I know something important must have detained you, or you would have been home earlier.' broan IIL-' I saw a very handsome bonnet in Felt and Straw's window to-day, Mary, said I a husband as he sat down to supper after re turning from his dav's labour. ' Indeed !' said his wiie as she placed the savoury meal before him. ' Yes, and I thought it would become your style of beauty.' 'But, John, dear, I don't need another new bonnet.' ' Yes, you do. I had it put aside for you. The price is 15dol. Here i the money. You can go and look at it If it suits you, buyit; if it doesn t suit you, buy one that does at the same price.' 'Oh, John! ' No thanks, dear. You am worthy of it.' Aoan Ne"ro--I is gwin on er hundred an' tea years ofd. Interested Listener: Indeed? Then probably you can recollect as far back as the first acts of Congress. ed Negro : Yes, soh. I remember all 'bout do fus' of Congress. I ot ter reollickt it, because I's cut wood wid it when I was so high. Yes, sah. dt was afore you was bawn, sah. You's er nice lookin' genman, sah, and can'tyou give de poor old man or nickel? M1 rUr: The spirit of your husband salutes you, Madam. Spinster (lat. sxty-five): My husband? (Giggling.) He, he. Why I was never married. Medium: Oh, yes you were. You and your affinity were joined in Spirit marringe. Spinster (seriously): hat a loss of felicity ! Would we had met before be died. The Ghost (solus): What a happy thing it was for me that I died so young. arxECn WnylTck--Ptty cold this mawnin', ]rariak.' FARE Wayback's Wife--Did ye take a look at the thermometer? Fauzan Wayback-No, I didn't have to. I tuk a look 'cross the fields an' I see Jem Deming's tongue fastened to the hitchin' post. Fiaun Wavback.'s Wife-Land sakes! Where was Jem? Fanxein Wayback-Oh! Jenwasrightthere with his tongue. Sun-' I unlderstand that you are one of the praying baseball players, and that you are studying forthoemnistry. In fact, I an told you have just been ordaineod.' He-' It is true.' 'Are you going to take charge of a parish at SWell, I don't know. I have received a ca to a mission church at 500dol a year; also an otTer from the Boston to sign for 10,000doL a year, and I have been wondering whether I hadn't better devote a few more years to baseball praying before accepting a regular pulpit.' A anustre looking lady walked into a furrier's recently and said to the yellow-headed clerk, 'I would like to geta muff.' 'What fur?' demanded the clerk. 'To keep mhands warm, you simpering idiot!' eclaimed the lady. Tiar precodouos Itncskhockie youngster, Stephen Abbey by name, comes to the front eani A few weeks ago a favourite uncle of tle lad went away, to be gone for an indefinite time. Stephen thought the proper thing for him to do was to buyhim a present, and the object he set his young mind upon was a Bible. ' He has more than one Bible now,' said Stephen's mother. 'And he'll hae another when he getsmine,'wasthe imprturbablereply. The Bible was purchased, and then it was decided by the boy to write an ' aproprite' verse of Scripture on the fly-leaf. These were the significant words selected and written by Stephen: 'And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.' Ephesins, vi., 4. Stephen's uncle, who is a man of family, wasn duly impressed. Ur. Smi : "f'i~ s Edith, I love you. Will Syoumarryme.?" Edith: "I am sorry, sir, bt I am obiged todecline the honour." Hr. Smith (wth sudden inspiration): " For heaven's sake, Mis Edith, come away from that window. A storm is coming up. The light ning is beginning to fash, and you ace so at tractive, you know." Edith (completely over come): " Charlie, dear, you may buy a ring." A ?uaD who was accustomqd to solicit for several charitable institutions, the other day met a well-known miser from whom she had never been able to extract a cent During the iours, of the convereation the lady mentioned she had seen his portrait at the Academy. "And you didn't ask it for a osubeiption ?' queried tho miser, who was fondof his joke. "Oh. I thought it useless," calmly replied the lady, "the portrait is so thoroughly like you." Wocr.L-o Prnov : What is the legal fare for ten blocks? Cabman: Dunno. If youwant ter know anything 'bout law go ter a lawyer. MORAT'S FLUIDI MAGNESIA Ls partie?a?ty besfidal as a pleasing sedative and aperent in all Sems of lfritation and acidity of the atsmeh, p. 5tiularly during pregnane?, febrile complalatin a e er b l neass staksn.e speedilsresmsen eartburn, a?id erurations, or irregel?e dgesmi. It 1 sve faals to eompse the stomeah in a few minud a?Tar oany exa. As a lotia~ tbs ·oth mes usweetens the breath, and the Xagnesi clears the teeth from tarta. UBBATSY'LUID MAGNISIA d aloa invariably aesasea in seovinga theagms Seadiebes, aa ad stries mco a to which deltiate amres nae sabied from acldlt d te ibac. CA1T0-Please obamn t6e lsat nes the a tebmse a r sem SheL Bll br atabamba 