f&E; £»Q2?8CTI0NIST 1'Iie Picnic, SntniLsfcistic Proceedings. At ths enmh fsMo pf Hi® iV'tectionist Cou- fcmwtt ywstopjay jifie delegates and a imnhp? >>l uMHIw at Parliament, together with many influential Citizens were enter- toiw-vi nt k (fle/fie nt Tfle Avenue, Hunter's Hill, iffy en by tlie NnHionalC'lub. Tiiesteamcr ppufi left tiie Gfreniur Quay about 2 11,111,, and proceeded to tlio fes tive scene', wflern a splendid din ner was partaken. of in a large pavilion tm £fle grninni.;, Tinse were about 140 gen- tl'.'nten prex-nt, ami the proceedings vera thrnnglmnt most enthusiastic. The nbnirW'AS occupied by Mir William Moeleay, M.-IaP.., who (lad on ids loft the Hon. Jvi mnwt Barton, y,L'., M.L.C. There Were also present tlic Hon- John Lucas, A), L..C.-, and Messrs. Lyne and Dalton, M's.L.A, ft-be usual loyal toasts having been honored, The I'uiKiHEii'C called upon the Hon. Edmund Barton to propose tlie next toast, Mr, Barton, who was received with loud ftild prolonged Cheering, said lie felt it 110 enmmnn h'inor to have the opportunity of proposing tile toast which had been allotted to him, It was a toast wliieh would celo- hrato, or he bopad would Lend to celebrate, tlic gathering — 1|)0 deliberate labors of the party which had tor the time being finished business, (Hear, bear.) He had to propose tlie toast of "The Delegates" =r(applai|!ie)— ami lie believed it was a toast Wliioh had been placed in bis bunds bu- emm, haying presided at the conference, lie hud hnd n tajrly good opportunity ot being abto to pronounce' opinions upon th" y»)ll" of t|iut gathering and its probable rot nits, (Loud applause,) A little Willie agnwlieil tlieir neighbors, the Free-traders, had finished their conference, Oyor which tliey took, so Milch pains, the people were very apt to say there had been what Was palled a Free-trade boom, (Bnughter.) Weil, tlioy luul had a boom, and he ventured In express the deliberate nilillinn that if had already subsided. (If CO', hear,) III fact jt was abuut tlie pilortest-liyed boom they ever had. (Bailgllt pi',) The most ephemeral milling boil!!) Hint ever troubled or characterised tlie emmmmify ll«v«r had -a shorter existence than that wilicll was created by the Frce- tl,o|c L'oilfpronce, (Applause. ) It hud hucn fpsnrreetcd fur Hip time being, hut its spirit PPPinml alrcatly to have gone back to tlic plane from which it rose. (Luugliter.) A few U)0||t||s pgo they wore to have Ull p|pefivM Upper llouao in a wppff, throw up tlio constitution, form ftliofjipr one iipnn a iio\y hasis, tor the pur PfWe, lis it pppiperj |:o hilli, to enable an Upper House |n bo oleuteil, which would be Pima thoroughly cpusorvative than the prosenf, nud umfp pll'cctiyq for tho rasps to wliipli it was. In bo put, (Hoar, haar,) That ghast had hoon laid lyitli t|m BtliPr rpsiii'i'ppHimiits, mid after the I'roteu- tinnist Uimfarouep tliaro woiild ha soma tlillianlly in raising anotliPi' ghost, They might I m mira tliey wanld havo ona, Ha M'ita nnt iinitn mira that tharp wraild not be ft Uiisual |,abnrgltPstyat-(lftiiBlitar)— whieb wnnlit lia tlia phittorin of tlia aliiaf actor of Ilia drama, ftiid would iba utilised tor the piii'pnfiPH nf a naw ftPPft'ritinii, beoaiiBodlioro would iip glmst, ginist, tor ever, (Liipghtor), Detwpeii hip Pstraoi'diiiary mftnifestations nf Htp ppniminiP ppii'iMniliste and the craa- tinii nf. patrintin and niipfttrioHa donkeys, with wliipli ll|py had dealt nil Tuesday nighti tliey iniglit ha sai'p th'at pi; ail »cca- aintis tliBra wnftld be Bmnetliing in tlia slmpe nf gliosts or asses tn represent t|iom. (baiiBidPt',) Hpftling wi tit tlio patriotic dmiltpy, they wthld ronienilair Iip said there Was ft thorough searah being made tor tho lirilieiplps upon wliibh Mr, Wise spoke. (Lauy liter,) TIipvp liiwl boon a litt(o moro nbsorvatinn itf wnrh, and thoro was another tiling. tliey had found, Tlwt was, that the dnnlray, aiHiniigh an ugly brute, was a podi- gipp beast, The name of tlm donkey whieli IfieliPd Hie Irishmen he had referred tn a to>y nights ago, was c Bigotry." Ho was sired by "Jib" and dammed by "Mpufarlan Head," (Laughter,) Sojijiioiifor Hie etliar party, tlia other ghosts, and ' the nther donkeys, Coming to fhB gathering, the termination nf which was being eclo- luateil by that very happy mooting, 't fell to him to address to timm a few. remarks as in wluit lie ponsiderpd lmd been tho oopdwet. nf that gathering, and what it was likely to . pypntnate in. Ho hud to return to tho assembled delegates his thanks.' Ho bad pemipjed the position pf president of that qpiitoranee for four days, with one little abseneo— a position sometimes which ho thought tlioy wquid admit was ft BOUiowhat'' trying one, Tim oagornoss to servo the pause was remarkable, Olid the desire to. be at the business was so enthusiastic that On many occasions thoro occurred what a storage person poming in might iuvye takou toy sbpie little disorder if ho had not known that it Was merely a desire to express thoir opinions mid debute and dispose of tlio questions they had before them, Ho had to tbaiik ihe delegates tor haying treated him, 'as phaiemaii, with tlm Utmost consideration and forbearance. (Hear, boar.) It was as abso lutely necessary sometimes . to tako mmh steps us would prevent gentleman from expressing thoir views, but all bad sub mitted to tlio riding of tlio chair. In fact tlio spirit uianifesteil throughout the con ference was worthy of those who desired to consolidate aud bring tu its legitimate func tions tho great National party. (Hear, hear,) The Whole of the proceedings wore marked by a judicious consideration of tho measures which had beeu submitted. Strong as tlio opinions were, at no time had tliey been approached in such a manner as had boon the cuso at the other place — (applause) — nor had tliero been any approach to that disorder which took place elsewhere. That coufcreneo had been brought togother for thu purpose of empha sising tlie demand of thu people that tlio National cause should luvvo sway in this country. Their adversaries hud called a conference, and had established what was called their platform. Obviously, under any circumstances, it was necessary for tho Pro tectionist parly to conic together and demand certain things which this country was in Reed of. Consequently, those who recognised that gathering cunie to the conclusion — inasmuch as they had agreed upon a. policy of Protection — that the business of tlio conference should be to formulate tlio plans of tho party upon general legislation aud polioy, so Hint the Views of thu metropolitan associations might ho fallen in witli or not. So far as he had beeu able to see, tlieir unanimity on Protection was shown by tlio great masses of tlio public, ('lear, hear.) Tlioy had never beeu so strong sineo Protection Was first advocated in this country, and tlio desire of tho peoplo was not only to qndorso it, but to bring it into actual operation. (Loud applause.) He congratulated tlio party 011 having done good, sound work. They had ut tlio last election advanced tlio position of Protection from some 40 to between U0 and 70 represen tatives, although tlic organisation of tlieir forces en that occasion was nothing like complete- One certain result of tlio con ference would bo manifested in the effect of tho resolution passed that morning, aud that resolution consolidated thu Whole of tho Protectionist associa tions throughout tho colony. (Applause.) His belief was that this result would bo to bring tho affairs of tho party to a state of organisation all over tho country which had never beon known before, and which thoir oppoueuts would never bo able to approach. (Loud applause.) By the manner in which tho conference had conducted its busiuoss, ami by thcentirely patriotic spirit in which tho deliberations had boon discussed, what lay bofore them was manifest. He would ask all to I'iso with him and drink with enthusiasm the toast of "Tlie Delegates," (Lutld applause.) Sir. Graham, in responding to the toast, caid he was sorry that tlie duty had not fallen t:> better hands than his. He would be cold-hearted indeed if he did not come forward and respond when the toast of the delegates had been bo liberally and unani mously drunk. He had great pleasure in thanking them for tlie way they had re ceived the toast, and especially lie must thank the mover for the kind atten tion lie had given tlie delegates. A great part of tlie success of the conference was attributable to Mr. Barton, and he cer tainly never knew a better and more gentle manly chairman than Mr. Barton. (Hear, hear.) He wouhl not fail to tell the people of Goulburn and Argyle of tlie splendid reception tiiey had received in Wydney, and he was sure tlie result of tlie conference would bear fruit throughout tlie colony. Mt. Hutchison had pleasure in rising to tender his thanks, not only for tlie cordial way tlioy had received the toast, hut ulso to Mr. Barton for his able, eloquent, and inter esting address that ufteonoou, und for tlic way lie had acted all through tlie con ference, Whilst they had a man like Mr. Burton tliey had nothing to fear, and tliey would triumph in tlic near future. The Free-traders in the past had had ample time to bring forth measures for which tlic country wus languishing; but so long as they could sell laud and borrow money they did not care — (hear, hear) — whether such measures were introduced or not. But the day was uot far distant when they would have peaceful homes and thriving industries, und then tliey would remember that great day. (Hear, hear.) Tliero was notu greater day in their history. (Applause.) Ho hud much pleasure in returning thanks. Mr. 1 1 van, on behalf of tho Protectionists of the western districts, tendered liis thanks tor tlic honor that hint been done tlie delegates. That creature Protection, of whieli tliey had heard so much, was yet a living, moving creature. (Ap plause.) Ho desired to pay a tribute 011 behalf of tiie delegates to Mr. 'Burton for tlio very able manner lie hud ueted as chairman ail through the conference. (Hear, lieur.) Mr. Wilson returned thanks ou behalf of the northern districts, and apologised tor tlie absoneo of the Mayor of Newcastle (Mr. Buchanan), whom business lmd called away, and liu desired tu thank tlieni for tlio kind manual in which tlie toast had boon pro posed and recoived, and ho hoped tho time was not far distant when Mr. Burton would consent to become the leader ol' tlic Protec tionist party. (Hoar, hear.) He believed lie expressed tlio ununinious opinion of ull tlie country districts when lie said that tliero was only ono thing required to mako Protection a grand success, and tlmt wiib for tho lion. E. Barton to tako the luilm. (Loud chcci's.) Mr. Luscojiuii returned thanks on behalf of tlio Sydney delegates, saying that lie was glad to sco tlic dulcgutcs from the country lmd been called upon to respond to the toust first. Mr, Scott Ross also replied on behalf of t|ic iSyduoy delegates. Mr, STiiKOK spoke a few words, as repre sentative from the wostoru districts, thank ing Mr. Barton for tlio able way ho had coiiductod his 'chairmanship ut the confer-' ciico. Mr, W J, Lysis, M.L.A, j who was loudly; applauded, said) lie woul'l not detain them . ipauy minutes in1 proposing tlie toast of tho 'i Natjonai Party "—(applause)— because he sa\v before him the nucleus which lipw forinod tlia National ' Party. -Everyone knew :>y!ia1>.' tlie sentiments of that party WerP; and how that' party was constituted. , (Applause.) Ile shouUI liko to direct their attoutjpu to the 'reasons whieli had called them together, That conference woS:.iu reality the second, and the lurgest .that hail ever been held in the Pro tectionist cause in Sydney. The 'conference was promoted by earnest und good workers, and ho must congratulate lu» "friend, Mr. Luscnmbc) who wus ono of the principal gentlemen aniougst thoni that; day; as woll lis others wlio wei'o connected with tlmt, little biuul of moil who lmd worked trnly and- honestly 'tor' so V nmiiy ) years past. (Applause.) At tlio present stage tliey must be thankful to their president, Nil \Viliiain Miteloay— (loud applauso, and cheers)— for having given thein the great helping hand Which his presence had given to) thein, and-, Which had tended to tlic prompUhn, Of their- cause. (Applause. ) Hulmd been eversiuee they ooiild recollect the great Protectionist of New South Walos. (Cheers.) Tliey owed to him a great deal in bringing the National party to the success suck us it had attaiued, The coiitorcnco had been in the) best interests of tlic causo of Protoetipn. Ho was glad thoy lmd conceived the' idea of getting delegate's, together from : Kl) tiie outlying portions of New South, Wa'o3 to exchange1 ideas. By that they , would know under What circumstances thoy were laboring' in Sydney to us'sist thoir cause, 'booause 'eyery one wpn'd admit that the head of such an organisation should bo in the most important' part of Now South Wales. It was at the S resent time in theivory centra of Freottrado Tew Soil th \Vales, and their conference, although it had been called in Sydney, had been called in tlie centre of Free-trade, Free-trade \yas supported by the merchants in Sydnoy, and Protection by the people of the country. (Applause.) ' As they knew)) it was a great fight batwoou ' tlio two policies, and he Was satisfied many Free- traders would Would be con verted to tlio Protectionist cause, . (Applause.)' Tho platform whtoh bad been submitted that day would bo the one upon which ho hoped they would fight at the iioxt election. ;'(Hoav,' hear.) When they returned to their various electorates and to their associations it would lie their duty to establish branches in every part of the dis trict, so that they would be pro- pared for the fight — which must come within the next few months. (Loud applause.) If that were done tliey would be following the advice given by ' tlio president of tlio conference. Ho would ask them to return to theit districts with the purpose of carrying out the policy of the conference, and at tlie next election they would have a majority of 20 or 30 members in tho Parliament of tlio country. (Hear, hear.) He lmd great pleasure in proposing the toast of " The National Party, (Loud aud continued applauso.) Mr. John Younu, ifi replying, said that tlic toast ho had to respond to was a very important 0110. Ho did not think there was a man . present who re quired to be convinced mora than lie already was of the beucfits of Protection. It might he well to look at tho tactics of tlieir opponents. Thoy found that if they had a mooting the Foreign- trado press did not report the speeches made. Ho would advise them to do all tliey possibly could to have meetings when they returned to tlie country in every part, to explain tlic benefits of Protection to the people and teach them to throw off tho chains tiiey hud beeu held under for tlie last 40 years, so tlmt, instead of being as now in a depressed state, witli a great deficiency, they would, as Gladstone once said of England, progress by leaps and bounds. Mr. Smith proposed tho health of the National Glub committee, and referred in euloghtic terms to Sir Win. Macloay aud tho lion. E. Barton aud tho other members of tlic committee. Mr. Forsyth thanked tho delegates, and maintained that tho committee was a thoroughly representative body, although theio had bocu different opinions expressed that morning about tlic representativeness of the committee. Mr. Johnson proposed tho toast of "The present Protectionist purty in Parliament, coupled with tlic namo of Mr. Dibbs." Tlie Hon. ,J. Lucas, M.L.C., responded on behalf of tlic National party. Sir William Maelcay'8 health was then proposod aud properly honored. Sir William Macleay responded, and stated that the unmbcr of delegates repre senting tlio country and suburban associa tions was 207, the conference connnittco present ut tho meetings nuinbured 25, and 37 members of Parliament not representing the- association, making a total of 209. The health of tho press was then proposed, and having been duly honored tlio party ro UlriiRcl to the steamer, and Wore quickly baok at Circular Quay, where, oil lauding, tlic party formod into two lines across tiie roadway, und us Sir William Mauleuy and the lieu, Edmund Barton, M.L.C., passed through tho ranks tliey were loudly cheered. 