St. Mary's Church. THE REDEMPT'ORIST FATHERS' MISSION. A SKETaC OF TaE FouDEc. St. Mary's Church, on Sunday morning laot, was crowded to exoeas by a congregation anxi ones to witness the opening of the mission, and hear the powerful sermons, of the Redemp torist fathers, from Waratabh, New South Wales. The oongregation of Bedemptoriste, we may here mention, was founded at Naples, in 1792, by St. Alphoneus Lignori, who relates how, as he and his companions went from place to plance, those who had "l forfeited the grace of God" were "as though roused from a deep sleep," " wept over theirsine," "deteated the life they before loved," "a new light shone upon them-they felt the sweets of peaose long unknown." The Saint wae distinguished by his great learning, his noble parentage, and hie zeal in behalf of the poor and ignorant. Not destined by his pareonts for the priesthood, be wan brought up to the law; but, when the prospeot of his having a bhrillisnt career a a pleader seemed most favourable, he gave up the gown, took holy orders, and devoted his life to founding a oongregation for the purpose of rousing the torpid, instructing the ignorant and the poor, and "shedding a new light" npon those who had been indifferent to the grace of God. St. Alphonsus, as is generally known, is the author of several literary works. "He was," says a writer, "essentially a man who understood thebs wants and saw the reme. dies of his age ;" and bia mode of teaching was the holding of missions in every town and charchb throughout theoountry. Hiseuccessors follow his example. The Redemptoriats travel the globe, preaching and working with all the fervour and enthusiasm of the great founder. TH MooNIvG. Previous to the celebration of second mass, on Sunday, a procesasion of acolytes, bearing in front a large cruociS, and followed by the Rev. A. Horan and the tao fathers, each carry ing a crucfix in his hand, and wearing the habit peculiar to their order-a plain black gown, with girdle, large.sized crucifixr, and heads, and a white collar- marched up the aisle of the church and on to the altar, where a cross is raised on the Gospel side, singing on the way, the Benedictus Dominue Decs bsrail. The Rev. Father HonaN, who celebrated maess, addressed the congregation. He said he gave up his parish to the fathers, while they remained, and he trneted that the light which they brought with them would permeate the ools of those who had lost the friendahip of God, and be a lasting benefit to 'the people of the town and district. It was his experience, he said, during the past twenty years, that those who were not converted during a mission he were never afterwards converted. But hoped and prayed to God, and for the in tercession of the Virgin Mary, tha??t they would all benSfit by the mission, and, having done so, would never forfeit the grace of God again. Father BHasea, who in a big, strongly built man, of dark complexion, with a massive brow, and possessing a rich, powerful voice, then explained the objects of the mission, and preached the opening sermon. Ao in indulgence of 300 days, he said. was gained every time a person attended the masses or in struction during the period of their stay, ansd a like indulgence could be gained by those who helpedon the work of the mission, while those who made a good confession and received holy communion, or attended, on the last night of the mission, to receive the blessing of his HBolt nees the Pope, gained a plenary indulgence. It was their custom to make a collection, at the night services, to defray the expenses, but, as the mission was for the rich and the poor alike, if he thought the practice would keep a single person away, he said he would not allow it. ihis, however, could not be the case, as no one need give if there was the slightest dilfioulty in the way. He then took for his text the words-" Blessed be the Lord God of Israel be cause He hath visited and wrought the redemp tion of His people." St. Zecharia, the father of St. John, on account of his incredulity was atruck dumb be God, but, when be was en lightened with the knowledge of the approach ing birth of the Redeemer, and his tongue set free, being flull ofgladnesshe broke forth in the beautiful canticle taken for his text. The words were particularly appropriate. The itedemptorist fathers, he said, had come among the people of Ipswich to carry on the work which oar Lord JesqtChrist had come on earth to perform--to bave souls and to work out the redemption of the people. They had no other end in view but to help them--the heirs to His kingdom-by every means in their power in the great, the vitalt important, work of sasing their immortal oools. They might cry out, "Blessed, thrice blessed, he the Lord God of Israel--' bnedcelue Dominuc Deus laroail'--becasuse, by His in epiration, salvation has come to the people of the parish by means of the holy mission." The mission was a message from God to His people. In the same way as a king sentan ambassador, with fall powers, to settle some national dis pete between his and another country, God sent the missionaries with the message of pardon-a moat consoling message-to straying~ pe'ple, to those who had offended Him, and wandered from thepathofrighteosneses. They were there, it was true, at the invitation of their zcalous and worthy parish priest, and by the orders of their superiors, but, beneath this formality, was the invisible direction of God. A mission was an extraordinary grace-an entirely extraordinary grace-- becanee, during the holding thereof, the heavens were opened. God showered down His blessings in the great. eat prolusion, and every diffcolty was removed from the way to reconciliation with Him. "Every mountain and every hill will be brought low, and the crooked ways made straight. and the rough ways smoothed, nad all flesh shall see the salvation of God." The missi n was a special blessing from God on the parishes wherein it was condocrrted--" God does not do so to every nation," and every parish was not favoured by God with an especial mission of salvation. While many souls were saved through each visitations, many were lost through having made no en deavour to correspond with the aspirations of the missionaries; and the greater would be the oundemnation, on the lust day, of those who did not take advantage of its blessings. The Pharisees, who had Christ in their midst, and could drink of His wisdom at their will, but would not, were condemned with more or less severity, according to the advantage they had had. And so it was always within the Churoh of God. It therefore behoved them to enter into the spirit of the mission with all their hearts and all their souls; and not only the poor and ignorant-the mission was for all people-but the rich and wise. the learned and unlearned, the good as well as the sinful. There was no one so good that he could not become better-the man that was just would become more just, and he that was holy would become more holy. The mission would kindle the fire of God in the souls of the piople, and make His light burn with a brighter flame. It would stir up the lukewarm-those who united the salvation of their souls with their worldly affairs--to greater fervour and greater eagerness in the service of their Godl. They came to save the black sheep-there were black sheep ao every flBook-those sinners for whom Christ died; and, although they had wandered from the path which he had marked oat, and preferred the little pleasure they obtained by serving the devil to the friendship of God, His great and loving heart was yearning for their salvation. But they should beware that, as Christ had cursed the barren fig tree, and it had withered, if they did notheed His voice, as it would be spoken loudly during the mission, He might curse them, and they might wither as did the fig-tree. Drunk. enness and all demoralising habits, bad com-n panions and all the occasions of ein, should be immediately thrown up, ?ad they should enter on a fresh path, and live a new life. St. Alphoneas Lguori, he said, was going round the streets of a certain town in Italy, inviting people to his mission, when he called at a drinking-saloon, and spoke to a party of roughs. One of them, more impionas than the rest, holding up his glass, exclaimed, "Father, if you want to know my mission, there it is !' He had scarcely uttered the words when be fell on the floor, dead. He had scandalised God by his ,mpioes action, and retribution followed. In concluding a moat eloquent aer mon, he invoked the congregation to purify their souls by making preparation for a good confession, and to pray for the success of the mission which was begun for the honour and glory of God-to pray for the interoession of the Blessed Virgin, and that interesosion would most assuredly be granted, "for," be said, "the people of this parish are the child ren of Mary." Tan AnZraoooN. As, during the first week, the fathers will devote some time to the instruction ofchildreI only, in the mornings of week-dayse, and in the afternoons of Sundays, the Church was crowded with 900 or 1000 ohildren on the afternoon of the opening day, when Father Mangan, stand. ing inside the altar-rails, taught the juvenile congregation by illustrative and amusing aneoc dotes. He instructed them how to pray, how to begin the day, and how to end it; and, be fore the children had been in the church fifteen minutes, the building resounded with their voices, as they sang, under his leadership, some touching, yet simple, hymns. The inetruction Lasted about an hour. TarE EVENING. The church was again uncomfortably crowded, several persons being unable to get sittingroom. Before the vespers were com mned, Father Hegarty came on to the alar, and dwelt for some minutes on the beauty and etfioaciousoees of the rosary, the prayers com. posing which, he pointed out, were inspired by the Holy Ghost, while other prayers were made only by man. Every Irish Catholic. he said, should especially venerate the rosary, as it was by that prayer that the faith of St. Patrick was preserved when their forefathers were undergoing persecution for the sake of the Church. st. Francis de Sales, and the founder of their order- another saint-had vowed to say the rosary every day of their lives, and they kept their vow. Since soch holy men had set such a high value on the rosary, the efcacy of the prayer was apparent, and it was part of the object of the mission to make every family repeat it every day. He then.stood on the centre of the altar, and led in the meditations and invocations contained in the prayer mentioned, the people answering in a loud voice. The rosary having been said, Father MavoAc--who is a tall, powerful man, of about twenty.eight years of age, with fine, classical features-delivered a sermon from the words, "What does it profit a man to gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his soul?" He described, in a most pathetic manner, an incident that occurred at the death of St. Alphonsue, who was one of the most learned men of the past century, and a doctor of the Catholic Church. TheSaint was at the point of death, surrounded by his fol lowers, when his nephew, a young man, whose education had been specially oared for by his great uncle, came into the room, threw himself at the bed.aide, and begged for a parting word of advice. The dying man recognised his nephew, and, summoning up all his strength, said, "You ask me, an old man, foran advice At this moment I have no more advice to Offer than that which can be stated in the three little words, save your soul!' This was the advice of an old and wise man, it was the ad vice of God, and it was the advice which the Redemptorists imparted throughout the world. And why ? The reason wasn-the whyand the wherefore was-because there were hnoodreds -aye, thoeusands-of Catholic men andCatholic women in the world who never dreamt of or tried to rave their souls. They lived as if heaven and death were mere fables invented by the poets. Many bosinoesmen, politicians, literary men, and men of science smiled an in credulous smile when confronted with the laws of God; yet even the savages-wild oand uncivilised men- recognised the need of preparing fur a futore state. He drew a bril liant picture of what was to be gained by lead. ing a true Christian life, and what was in store for those who despised God, describing the beauty of heaven in simple yet poetic language, and representing the horrors of hell with elo quent realism. How men cared for the little, passive things of this world, and neglected the awful responsibility of preparing for the next, how beggars had been casnonised saints, and princesses had left the Court and thrones to enter convents to devote their lives in humiliation to the services of God, and the great seacrifioe and goodness ol Christ, were dwelt on with much force and fervour, the preacher rising into a high tone and falling to a low one, as he described and dilated on the several features of hissaoltject. St. Augustine, he said, had related that, when be walked through the meadows, and contemplated the scenery, he fancied he heard the very grass beneath his feet sad the rocks and mouanains. cry out " Save ycr soul." The baptismal font, the nsacraments, and the crecilix beore them were appealing to them in a like manner, and the angels and sainte in heaven, as well as the damned in hell, would similarly exolais if they were qorestioned on the firstduty in life. When the Father had concleded his sermon, The choir-which by-the-way, was not as strong as it might have been-sang the asnal hymns,and Father Hegarty. assisted by Father Koran, condooted the Benediction of the Bileesed 8acrament. It was stated, during the evening, that the Archbishop would hold a confirmation service, in the church, on that day fortnight, for adults only, and that it was particularly desired of those who intended to avail themselves of that opportunity to send in their names immediately to the missionaries. They need only, it was said, make a confession, and obtain a ticket, to constitute themselves eligible for the anora ment. MOiAnY. The mission was continued yesterday. Three masses werecelebrated, all-partimnlarly the first, at 6 o'ol~ck-being well attended. The missionaries gave instroctions immediately after the first mass, as well as after the third -at9 o'clock, when thehoreh was filled with children. In the evening, F.ther Mangan conducted the rosary, in the same wayas it wee conducted on the previous evening. It was announced that they would begin to hear confessions on Wednesday night, and contisue doing so for the greater part of the following days, until the close of the mission, in a fortnight's time. The Rev. Father Hegarty then came on the alter, and, after makiug some preliminary remarks, took for the text of his sermon-" Hear, oh ye heavens, and give ear, oh earth, for the Lord bath spoken. I have brought up children and exalted them, but they have dispised me." The sermon was on the relation of God to man, and the enormity of sin. From the mo ment the preacher commenced to speak, he held the ecogregation as if hby a spell. Now painting the majesty-the infinite majesty and goodness of God, and again the littleneass the comparative nothingness-of man, he rose to the highest point of pulpit oratory when representing the conausaion and finishing his imiles; and when, near the end, bhe beckoned to the people to fall down and beg'forgiveness of their sins, and acknowledge the greatness of God, the congregation, in almost perfeoot silence, knelt down simultaneounsly. What a French writer said of O'Connell-.that he could fill a multitude of auditors with his own en. thuosiasm-may be said in a degree of the Be demptorist Father who preached last night The benediction of the blessed sacrament fol. lowed the sermon. At the close of the vespers the bell was tolled-called, by the missiona aries, the sinners' bell-while the people were praying forforgiveness. Theobjeot of ringing? the bell was that, while the congregation in the church were doing penance, the Catholios in their homes would be enabled to pray at the same time and with the same object. 