BIBLE BEADING IN STATS SCHOOLS. TO THB HDITOB. Sir — Will you allow me space to make a few more remarks on onr education Bystem, as' by tbateystem we are nonrishinginfidelity to a very alarming extent and doing very serious damage to the rising generation, as testified by your correspondent ' Mercator' in a recent issue. I fully agree with most of what he says about the terrible results likely to follow such a device of the devil to corrupt and ruin our young nation in its infancy. Much has been said and written both for and against Bible-reading in State schools, but no valid reason has ever been given why the Bible should be excluded. Nearly 9,000 of 4*T\o tnnaf imfoMiafa-4 nfwnnwn l-L_A!.tL._.-^_L. voted for it some yeara ago, and respectful petitions have been sent to the Parliament, but have been treated with disregard by the few leading spirits in power. Now, I defy any man to give a good reason founded upon prin ciples of righteousness, equity, truth, and good judgment for the exclusion of the Bible from our schools. The opponents of Bible reading have not a vestige of founda tion to build their argument upon on any right principles, nor can they show a good reason why tens of thousands of children should be compelled to receive the so-called education of the State and yet be kept in ntter ignorance of the most important things which corcern their future state and happiness, without a ray of Scripture light, while they are stuffed and .crammed with ' Oockadoodle do,' 'The old woman living in a shoe,' and stories about Santa Glaus, who is ex plained to the children to be St. Nicholas, If the powers that be want to teach the chil dren anything about spirits and departed saints, or supernatural things, why cannot they do it in a proper manner, and let them read abont God, the Great Spirit of all spirits, as testified in His holy word. But no, they must be kept in darkness and ignorance of the moat important things which concern their ever lasting welfare. It 1b not only a fact that the children are schooled in,darkneeB and ignorance of the beBt things, but they are without any moral teaching, to say nothing about re ligious teaching. I say they have not moral teaching, but are trained to be light, trifling, vain, silly, and frivolous, and their young minds are steeled against anything sacred and poisoned against all that is good, They have no proper standard of right and wrong to guide them, neither can they bave without God's standard, as given in Hia holy word, the Bible. Man's standard is no standard at all unless it be in accordance with God's standards for one man will say this, that, and the other is quite right, while another will say just the opposite. Then I eay the word aud testimony of God is a true and proper standard of light and wrong, and surely right is better than wrong. And it muet ever be better to do a thing rieht than to do it wrong unless everything be turned topay torvy and put wrong for right and bitter for tweet as many do nowaday. ' I have no hesita tion in stating it as my belief that thia is our gt'at natio&fcl; sin in upboidiaz such a vile Saice. such a corrupt aiii corrupting eystem under tha name of education, and which is drawing down the judgments of God upon us. Kow who or what -is it that fends the rain in its due season ? It is He who scatters blessings and makes the tree to blossom as the rose, and He also scatters judg ment* on His way, which fall heavy on His foes. And shall not His soul be avenged on etch » cation as this? A nation that worka iniquity by a law to take away the key of knowledge from the rising generation and make tbe word of God of none effect to tens of tbouf BLds of the youcg. What excuse can be offered. Why, none at all upon any right principles. The opponents of Bible readiog bave not a ghost of a chance at any reasonable argument. They can of course t.-eat us to abuse without a word of truth, Th-re ate thote that cry 'State aid,' and plead the expense aB the great barrier to Bible reeding ; but these people could look on very complacently if millions ot money were spent to teach the children vanity and lies about dead men's ghosts, fairies, and such things as ctver were and never will be, Most assuredly God will render to every man according as his work Bhall be, What, then, will He reader to those who trample 1-Tia Holy Bible under their ftet and call it a parcel of dirty rubbish not fit for tbe young to tead 1 As an old grandfather and an old coloni-t I consider that I have as much right to be heard as other oeople on this most important subject, on which I write fce the good cf the community in general and for the rising generation in particular. — I arn, fee, J. GOOD. Kangaroo Flat, April 5, 1889. 