\- .T. ?- ? . 1 ' i ¡fr !-.-..., -, (KOW fïBSZ rtJBLI&HKD.;] I CU I LDE ROY. BY ODTDA. Author of " Under Two Flage," " Two Little Wooden Shoe«," " Chandos," " Don Gesualdo," Ac. [ALL BIGHTS BÏ8EBVED.] CUAPTJtB LVI, On tbat eame day Ilailderoy «aw once more the smiling sunshine, the green garden: and orange woods, the stately marble halls ol the Soria Palace. It was late in the af ternoor when he reached Naples. A glorious sunset was burning in the west. Innumerable a&ili; covered the sea. The zenith was a deer transient blue, the air clear and buoyant, witt gaiety and healing in its breezes. The street! were mirthful with the sports of early Carnival, and the shouts and songs and elane of brazen music came softened to the esr, ai he sst once mor. in tbs little cabinet of the Alban! and looked towards the bay through the marble arches of the loggia beyond. Whether from pride, magnanimity, or forbearance (he knew not which) Beatrice Soria bad asked him no questions " You he*« eoou returned," she said to him simply, when he lint came to her ; and she had made no after allusion to his absence or its causes. She knew well that if he had broken his word to ber be would not have so returned, nay, would never have dared to meet her eyes again. He longed to tell hei all that he had felt ; the sweetest charm of luve is the power and privilege of layiug bare the soul in all its inconsistencies and follies ; but this pleasure was refused to him by hie own actions in the past. Where he hud been once faithless tc her before, delicacy made it impossible for him to eay one word which shouid seem to hint at any regret or any change for or in his present faith to her. That first disloyalty was always there as a spectre between them. It would be impossible to show her all the conflicting emotions which had swayed him by turns during his brief visit to England. He would have been glad to do so ; he felt something of the pathetic human instinct to confide iu some one he loved the doubts and the self-reproaches which tormented him, and so in a manner bc free of their burden of perplexity. But this be dared not do. Under the circumstances of their late reuuion, any such coufdence must inevitably have appeared to be either a hint of desired freedom or a confession of futile legret ; either would be an insult to her. He felt that even any shadow which came over his face, any momentary mood of abstracted thought or of visible depression, must eeom a tacit admission that be regretted the price which he had paid for the past year of happiness beside her. He knew that he bad once seemed to her the forsworn, cowardly, and treacherous slave of his own caprices ; tie dared risk nothing which could by any kind of possibility place him in such a Hg bl io heragaiu. What could such a woman as she was tbink of him if she ever felt that, even in the full blessing sod glory of her love, he could fret at and begrudge the cost which ft had been to him Î He respected the stronger courage of her nature, he even respected her for the scorn which now aud then flashed out from her upon himself ; and he felt both reverence sud gratitude for the faithful and fervent passion which she had spent and, in so much wasted, upon his life. Nothing eau be more untrue than that in euch relations as theirs reverence is impossible : reverence is excited by oharacter not by situation, and he had learned to appreciate her nature as he had never done in earlier days. Thc very completeness and sincerity of the proof which she had demanded from him had showed a force in her before which he felt himself wavering, weak, almost worthless of a single thought of hors. He did bis uttermost to conceal the depression which weighed upon bim ; the distress with which he was haunted when he thought of that little house in the gloom and silence of tho lone sea shore ; the unger and impatient shame with which the recollection of Aubrey's words of scorn moved him whenever they recurred to him. He kuew-he felt, that one living man despised him ; and that mau the one whom of all others he most esteemed himself, thc moat admired. He had alwayB beeu conscious of thc greatness of Aubrey's fife as contrasted with thc frivolity and eolf- indulgence of his own. lt was sn unendurable humiliation to him to bc conscious that he had made it possible for bis oousin to addresB to him those scathing words which pursued him in memory as though they Mere the very voices of pursuing ghosts, And although he had received and accepted his cousin's statement of bis relations with his wife, and did honestly in his soul believe them, yet it made bim restless and unhappy to Lnciw that their intimacy, however harmless, waa familiar and unwitnessed, that eveb, though only her friend, Aubrey was still ber only friend and her most loyal servant. It offended, . it wounded, it tormented him ; and all bis efforts could not conceal from the penetration of Heatriue Soria that tbe lasBitode and dissatisfaction which she hBd observed in him when in her villa on the Brents in the past autumn had increased greatly since his brief absence, and were rendered even the more visible by tbe endeavours which he made to hide them under the over affection of carelessness or the over- protestation of devotion. She had the intuition and the penetration which are alone Îiossible to a woman who is too learned in ove to be the servant o! it. and too Bore of ber power ever to be vain with pretty vanities : she saw in him the reflection ot that vague dieappoint-nent which bad haunted her in her meditations amongst the autumn beauty of her gsrde> s in the Véneto ; the realised that he, too, like herself, though later than she had, failed to fiud the same wooder-flow ur which they bad ionnd and gathered together in other years, she was generous, ene was proud to arrogance, and she knew human character with a knowledge that made her at once disdainful and impatient of it. She had bad her own way ; she had ruled bim as abe chose ; «he had exacted and I enjoyed her just vengeance to the uttermost iota; whet more could the future bring brr? And betide this likewise there was in her the fenerous scorn of a petr lean temper to hold y obligation what has fled already in will, to enforce a bond fi om which the soul has already gone. 1 here vi as much arrogance io ber, and lhere bad been some cruelty, but there was more magnanimity than there was either. »he ssid oothing to him, but she watched him in the weeks which followed au his return ; and ?he read his mind as though it bsd been opened before her like a book. She felt with a pang that «hat she read there mattered but little lo her ; a year be'ore his emotions bad been with the world, now it seemed nf small account that they ihould wander fr<<m her. What joy would there be in slowly- dying illusion, in slowly fediug rapture, in slowly-chilling passion? What triumph would there be in watching the eure, if gradual change of estacy into monotony, of gratitude into tedium, of fervour into habit Ï she knew the truth of the Greek counsel, " Break off the laurel.boogb while it is yet green sod burn it. Wait not until it withers." She was an Epicurean, snd csrried into the passions of ber life nt once tbe fibres of tb« senses and the coldness of philosophy. When she bsd loved bim first she had been all file ; now her wisdom was greater than her love ; now she cou'd bear to put her heart under the spectrum and watch its pulses change from fast to slow. The months of Carnival folliei passed, and the spring eqninox blew Open tbe spathes of the narcissi and called op the golden sceptres of the asphodel in all the southern pastures. One night they strolled together along the White terrace which overhung the sea, aa they had dons a thousand times tn th« j?ear just passed and in the other years of a «till more ^racfcu. Sm«; > fei KálÁWiw&t;íl&g;, -the marmal ul ¿he waves wu afldible^lEeeir . wu heavy erith the .cent of lemoa-flowen ' from ;the gardens ' beyond. Itt ayas/ Italy laminons, fragrant, amorooi ; yet amidst it all he sighed. Tho high was uaconsotoas, bat it was eloquent. She paused and looked nt him. A alight smile came on her mouth, half of pity, half of scorn. " If yon are not happy," shs said slowly, " remember-I am not yonr gaoler. Say so, and go !" He started violently, ashamed and be- wildered, and ignorant of what he had betrayed. " What do yon mean J'' be asked. " Happy f-you hara given nw a happiness of which one needs to be god, not man, to be worthy 1" "Yes, yon have been happy," she said thoughtfully. " It is something. Well, go whilst you still are grateful for it." "Got Go where I" " Go to your wife." Even by the moonlight abe saw how white his faoe grew as he beard her; he was paralysed with fear and wonder. " Why do you insult me ?" be muttered ; " you have my word." .' Yes, I have had your word," abe said with disdain, bat with na anger. " What is a corpse worth when its soul has fled ?" " You cannot think--" "I think you are like all men. Once I thought that you were unlike them. But that is long ago 1" "Is it dead i n you ?" be cried with the passion of despair. " Can no love live I" " I know not," she said wearily. " Perhaps not ; who can tell ?" " 1 can tell. I love you for ever," She sat down on one of tbe marble ohairs of the terrace ; the seat was shaped like Attila's chair, and was covered with a lion's skin. She looked like some great queen come to pass judgment j the silvery tissues and silvery fur of her cloak gleamed in the moonbeams, the diamonds which were round her throat shone, her eyes were full of light and heavy with tears. " My dear, do not let us part in any anger," ehe said calmly. " Anger is so base in those who have been lovers. Onoe I was angry often, and to fury even. I would that that time were here abll In all its madness, in all its abasement. But it is dead. Yon have been happier than I io our reunion. I was haunted by the past, whioh you forgot. I wanted what I could not have-my youth. You bad belonged to my youth, and my mind had outgrown yon, though I knew it not. Nay, I mean nothing unkind. We change in body and mind. No passion, once broken, will ever bear renewal. She sighed heavily. He was silent ; he was deeply and cruelly humiliated, and yet he knew that she had spoken the truth of herself, if not of him. "Goto your wife," she repeated. "I am sure that you have seen her, tboogh I am equally sure that you have not spoken with her, for yon would never have dared to return to me if you had. You do not care for her ; you will never care for her. But she embodies to you peace of mind, social repute, and personal digaity. You are wretched if men speak Ul of yon. With that character neither man nor woman should ever brave the world. They should lesve that temerity to those who have both a great passion and a great courage. They alone eau do it and never repent. You repent-now-every hour of your life." " You are cruelly unjust ! Never once have I said or thought or felt anything but the very deepest gratitude to you." "In a sense, no. I am not denying that you love me still. I say that, having the temperament you possess, you cannot be content without the world's esteem. It wearies you to earn it, but without it you are uneasy and ashamed." " You would make me out the very poorest of fools I" " No, your feeling ia not ignoble, for it comes rather from faithfulness to your race and your traditions than from any minor timidity or selfishness. But, let it spring from what it may, it is in you. You are not a man who can long forget himself in love. You have been ever Lovelace, never Montrose. You are incapable of a life-long devotion." " Try me and you will see how mercilessly unjust you are." "No; you would promise what you could not fulfil. Bvery year, every day, our relations would grow more familiar to you, und so less powerful to hold or satisfy you. Every year, every day, you would remember with more bitterness all that you have given up in sacrificing your good name and your position in your own country. Your country is intolerable to you ; you hate its weather, its aoolety, its* politics, its hypocrisies, and its climate ; but yet, having given it up, yon sigh for lt. As it is with your country, so it ie with your wife. You do not care for her-yon will never care for her. But ehe represents something which you have lost by your own act, «nd so you fret for her." Where he stood héaidè her in the moonlight h(¿ face flushed painfully, " It is not that. It is not what you think," he said with agitation. " You know well I have no feeling for her of that sort. Rut I know that she lives in suffering, possibly even in temptation ; and I cannot forget that when I married herí swore to her father that I would make ber, happiness as far as a roan can make a woman's. Of course those promises are made and forgotten in all marriages-people cannot keep them even if they would { out be wat à man whom I honoured, and he is dead ; ead it seems vile to have been false to him. That is ull the regret that 1 fest -4hat 1 have felt. I do not think lt is a feeling which, if you could wholly understand it, yon would despise." - . " I do not despise it. But I do not see why it comes to you so lats." He was silent. He knew well enough that yonder on the sea, the night that he had been bid len by her to make and abide by his ohoioe, he had chosen the sacrifice of his happiness rather than ol his word, but that the anger into whioh his wife's unbidden presence had hurried him, and tbe impetuosity of bis emotions, bad hurried him into the choice which had appeared to bis companion to be Jvholly voluntary and dispassionately meditated. But he conld not say this to her ; and, after all, he knew that his eootcienoe had not spoken to him until in the streets of Venice be had heard the j:Bt about his cousin's visits to Cbrlstalea. " Hut I love you, I love you 1 I could not hear my life without you I" he cried, as he kiesed the silvery furs of her mantle. " Ob yes, yon will bear lr," abe said with a smile which was bslf sad, half ecornful. " Yon love me as much as you can love but it is not very profoundly. And I am quite aute that you will love many after me. Thc only woman yon will never love is your wife. Of that 1 am satisfied. But you will go beck to her. You will place yourself right in tbs world's eyes. 1 dare say you will have many children, like the virtuous prince in the fairy talc«, an i you will never see me in the world without a sigh. It will be your contribution to the past, and you will imagine that you are wretched because you have lost me ; it will even serve yuu perhaps, as a pott to interest other women t" He rose to his feet, stung and wounded beyond words. There waa germ enough cf truth in the cruel words t<> hart him more profoundly than any accusation wholly unjust, and yet there was i justice enongh in them to rouse any agony of iudignation in hie heart, j " Have I deserved this from you I" be said, with bot tears standing in his eyes. "Bave I ever given you right or cause to say snob things of me t Ooce, indeed, I sinned against you, I offended you. I have done my bett to atone for that. Which of us is it now who fiist «peaka of severance and of disillusion t Which of us is it now who finds our relations insufficient and monotonous ? Yon are unjust to me-cruelly, barbarously unjust I nave told you the truth of my own feelings asl analyse «nd Sod them. U my candour wrongs me in you aught I cannot help it. II a nun «nd . woman after yean of Intimacy, cannot speak the truth to one another, who can? The remorse that 1 lee! fof my own failure to pledges whioh J voluntarily took has nothing to ofywith my devotion to you. I am neither a great man nor a good one, bot inch as I, am I have niven you all my life. I ask nothing of you or of Fate but to be allowed to so give it forever !" The tears which had dimmed his eyes rolled down his cheeks. He felt passionately and profoundly I And he felt abo his own utter imnotenoe to persuade her that he did so. She looked at him with the tender but tranquil gaze of a woman who has loved but loves no more. "Whilst I could and did believe that I loved you greatly, I had the right to take your life to mine. Now that I do not believe that, now that I look in my own heart and feel that iu much it has ceased to respond to yours, I have no longer such a right, I am bound to restore you to your world, to yoer freedom, to your friends. " And you think that my life is to be thrown aside like that as if it were a mere toy of which you had tired 1" " I have never treated it ss a toy, nor ever treated it lightly, though once you treated mine so. You are unhappy, and you will be unhappy-for a time. Bat you will be reconciled to yourself, to your society, and to your wife. Our position is one in which there can be the most perfect happiness, whatever moralists may say, so long as there is perfect love. But so long only ; and that is not between now, though there are the memories of it They must be sacred enough to preserve os from enmity." The silence which followed on her words was filled only by the voioe of the sea. The splendour of the night was around them, and in its stillness there arose the song of an early-singing nightingale, breaking its heart in the orange grove. He gave a gesture of despair and cast himself once more at ber feet " I cannot live without you I I cannot-I cannot 1" "She stooped and kissed him fondly, and with lingering touch, upon his brow and bair. " Yes, you can ; and you will. Do not walt to feel our love perish by inches day by day. Let ns part while we still care enough to part in tenderness. "So, dear - good night." 