Horseraclng By Waxy. The acceptances for the Q T.C. handicaps are Highly satisfactory, the proportion of non contents being very, very small. An acceptance of 34 out of 46 handicapped in the Sandgate,. and 30 ont of 44 ditto in the Queensland Cup— a long distance race—is almost unprecedented; and the Q T C. handicappers have every reason to be gratified at the result of their efforts to bring their fields together. The minor raope, on the fiat, filled well on Tuesday last, but the hurdle races and steeple chase mshe but a noor show, and it is probable no more "big- stick" races will figure in a Brisbane programme for soma years to come. Although four of the Mount Brisbane nom inations appear among the acceptors for the Derby* neither is likely to see the post, and their owner's omission to strike them out will cost him a nice little sum, and enrich the stake lor the winner. There will be a fair field for the rich Hope ful Stakes, though not up the mark of last year, when 16 facel the starter. Ttye BrishaneHandioap, Tattenham (welti Chesterfield Plate, Toombul Plate, and Presi dent's Handicap secured firatrate entries, and the weight-for-age races filled quite as well aB could be expected. The Selling Plates wore well patronised, but the Selling Hurdles and Tally-ho Plate are a bit of a frost with eight and ten entries respectively. A foil list of ac ceptances for the two big handicaps, Derby and St. Leger, and entries for the minor events will be found in another column. 4iVeuo," in the Copricormtt)) of Saturday last, makes out an overwhelmingly strong case in favour of shifting the R J C racecourso belongings—stand, fences, and all appurtenanccB —to an aecessiblesito close to town, on the north side of the Fi*zroy. With a racecourse so far ont of town as tho present one, he urge3 that raoing can never become popular with the masses, upon whom, after all, racing clubs have ultimately to depend, and tho prospect of a portion of land admirably adapted by nature of soil and locality for a local racecourse being granted by the Government as a racecourse reserve seems to briog the change of Bite—to use the cant of tho day—within ineasurablo distance. There are ructions again at Charters Towers over the late spring mooting, but this timo, it seemB, the racing officials t hero selves aro tho culprits, and if Mark Ryan is to bo belioved, and his word is probably worth as much as anybody else's, there is little to choose between the racing authorities of the Towers and Pat Xannon and Oo. Tho pot appears to have been disqualified by tho kettle, but might makes right, and but for "farce myeitr" the kettle would havo been as fitly disqualified by the pot if evoryone had hiB deserts. Referring to the unsavoury business, the Charters Towers Times Bays:— On Saturday afternoon the stewards of the Towers Jockey Club met at Mr. Russell's office to consider a statement made by Mr. James Foster. There woro prcsont Messrs. White head (in the chair), O^g, aud Twino. Mr. Russell was in attendance, and informed the meeting that ho had culled the stowards together in oonsenuouco of what had boon told him. James Foster, starter to tho club, thou observed that tho day after the raoea ho via id /company with Sam Fullerton under the veranda 'of the Queen's Hotel. Messrs. Whelan and Graham wore present. Himself aud Fullerton wcro discussing tho rnco for 1 which Fiction tad entered, the etarting of the horses in the 8pring Handicap, and the Mounted Infantry. Fullerton complained to him that the starting was a put-up job be tween Mr. Misaingham and Mr. Russell, and accused them and the stewards of being thieves and cadgers. Foatef was cross examined by Fullerton, and it wsb made evi dent that persons passing by could have heard the allegations. Denis Whelau flatly contra dicted Foster's story. He admitted, how ever, that Fnllerton had stated that Mr. Russell was as big a rogue as anyone else, and understood the remark to apply to the race. W. J. Graham, who was present at the time, said he did not recollect the words thieves and cadgers being used. However, Fullerton did accuBO Russell of being as big a rogue as anybody else. . J. M'Aliater gave evidence to the effect that he rode Boori in the race in Question, and did not think when the horses were sent away that it was a start Heard Mr. Missingham oill out, "Come back" Afterwards heard someone shout, "Go on." George Snell,the rider of Fiction, said that he did notthink the*e was a start in the handicap. Did no* see the flag drop. Was level with the poBt when Mr. Missingham said, "Come back, F/ction." Immediately afterwards heard someone shout, " Go on." In answer to the chairman, Fuller ton denied the charges. Recollcoted saying that he (Fullerton) was not morn honest thau anyone else, and that Russell was no better. Did not lead Foster to think that Russell had done anything dishonest. Mr Russell here explained that on the day of the races, just before the big money, the stewards con sidered it advisable that three should go out to watjh the running. . Mr. Ogg, Mr. Twine, and himself went out for that purpose. He went to the back of the course. When he got there Mr. Missinghaai was putting tickets in the hat. He said there was a mistako, and took one out, saying that Fiotion was not to draw. All the other horses were mounted but Fiction Mr Missingham called to the rider to come up, and he (Mr. Russellj later on asked the jockey to hurry up, that he was behind time. After dis cussion the stewards unanimously agreed to censure Fullerton. The consnre of the stewards judging from the foregoing fishy report is a thing r »ther to be courted than otherwise, and Mark Ryan's letter in reply is well worth quoting at length: " 8ir,—In reading the evidence given by Mr. Russell, concerning tbe start for tho Spring Handicap at tbe late Towers meeting, I must confess to being considerably astonished. .Mr. Russell states * that he arrived at the starting poBt just as Mr. Missingham was puttiugtbo numbers into the hat. He said that there was a mistake and took out one, saying that Fiction was not to draw.' I should be glad to kuow what right Mr. Russell or any other secretary has to interfere in such a matter. The starter is empowered to place vicious horses, or horses which, in his opinion, by th ir misbehaviour are likely to prevent a good start, in any position he may think proper in ord«r. to avoid injury to, or interference with other horses at the post. This power is given to the starter, and to him only, under the rules. Now, since I have owned Fiction, and as well as I cau remember during the whole of bis career in tbe north, he has never behaved in such a manner at tbe post as to make any starter take advantage of rule 116. He cer tainly did not do so on Thursday week, so that even had he been placed outeide at the starter's instigation only. I had every reason to feel aggrieved. That be thould have been so treated by the secretary's orders is a circum stance which I will venture to. assort is unparalleled in racing history, and horse owners can only draw their own conclusions on the matter. Protest and appeal are of no avail, and my only rocourse U to atoer clear in futnre of placing myaelf in tho bands of the Towers Jockey Club committee, as they are at present constituted. . To show how much good there was, in protesting, it has only to be pointed out that the totalizator money in the Spring Handicap was paid over before the pretest was even considered.—Yours, &c.;, Mike Ryan." It is not difficult, cow, to understand the re luctance of the Tow«r6 officials to join the southern registered clubs. The Richmond ittrsr Express says one of the Riobmoud or Ciarence bred horsc9 should just about wiu the Queensland Cap aud Sandgate Handicap Townsville Tattersall's Club met the other day to coneidor the default iu payment of bets amounting to £2,043 to Mr. F. Johnson, by certain bookmakers, when it was decided to refer the matter to Brisbane Tattersall's, whose committee, I should thiuk, are hardly likely to incur a responsibility which the Townerillo club aro afraid or incoin potent to bear. Tho question for tho Townsville Tatters ill's Club to decide is an ele mentary one, and if tbey will not or cannot come to the only possible decision, they should give up the ghost at once. Rockh^rapton entries olnso on Thursday, but the nrogrammo is not likely to draw southern nominations deliberately flxeu, as tbe date was to clash with the Q.T.C. spring meeting. S&udgate; races on Saturday should be well attended, if the weather is flue. Excellent acceptances and a fair general entry promise good Bport. Miss Newbold or Little Joannie should win tho oup, and Edua or Leo tho Shorts. Bowler or Mips Newbold, who is very well just now, should got home iu tho Welter. E k acceptances arehot what they ought to be, but that is due rather to a rot very wisely ohoHon fixture on the eve of a big three-days' mooting iu Brisbane than to auy particular fault in the handicaps, which wore fairly ouough adjusted on the whole. But there *ro euouah loft in both of tho big ovcots to make good field?, and tho finishes should be pretty eloso too. Anticipations later on. It was a great mistako on tho part of ibo Breakfast Crock Club to jump the Sandgato Turf Club fixture by adjourning the inter rupted meeting of Saturday last ut the sports ground to Saturday next.1 It was an oversight, of course, on tho part of the creek committee, who forgot the Sandgato date in their despair, j Mr. J. "Wightman's team: Viper ; Letter, cb.ro; 6 years, by 8altau—Mignonette ; and Qordon Brook, a three-year-old brown celt by daptirator— Amulet, should be in Brisbane as soon as these flotes are in the bands oi their readers. Mr. M G. Jordan, of Casino, who is now staying in Brisbane, tells me Horrle {the winner of the Grafc.n 500 bovs. last July), and the veteran Italian—Canary mare, Jessie, leave the Richmond for Brisbane on Thursday, 24th, and Mr. B irnes writes that he is sending Aga over for the Cup and Handicap. I hear that Fernando has been freely backed to win the Derby and Gup, and Cup and Sand gate Handicap doubles, the Derby, Cup, and Saudgate treble, and also for each event If tin stable have backed tbe c?lt at all, he is probably worth following, for thev have a good lino, through Mikado, up at the Grange A flrat-olass entry wa? received by Mr. J. G. Byrne on Tuesday for Tatt-rsaU's Oup and Australian Plat-^ tho half century being nearly reached in one event and nearly three score in the other. Weights are due on the Mon day after the Q T.C spring meeting. Ralston arrived from tho north th*s week and Mark Ryan is expeiteldown with Fiction. G. Gilbert's mares, Grateful andPinafore, have gone to Tenterfield, New South Wales, on a visit to the Musket — Pungawercwere horse Krupp. Graceful has dropped a brown colt foal to Wheitmeat, and Pinafore's little stranger is expected daily. Tbe following remain in the Esk handicaps:— U.B.R.T.C. Handicap. stlb . at lb Pirate S 12 Laurel II 7 5 Waverloy 8 5 Newbold 7.2 Ascot 7 10 | Ciarcnce fl 9 Orange Bud 7 101 Despot .6 5 Bowler. 7 81 Bluebell Edna 7 8 Roxburgh 9 0 Lottie 7 51 Esk Handicap. Wttverley 8 7 | Leo 6 12 Ascot S 2 Adrian 6 11 Orange Bud........ 7 12 I Starlight H 6 8 Edna 7 10 I Roxburgh 6 0 Laurel II 7 6 ThornhiU d 0 Miss Xewbold 7 31 Piora's name was inadvertently omitted from tin Oxley. Nursery Handicap This fi'ly is the pr. party of, or, at least, she is nominated by Mr. B. M'Laughlin, and is said to have a great show for tho Hopoful Stakes, as indeed a half-sister to Sir Anthony, by a tou of Sir Anthony sire, ou.ht to have. The total number of entries rsc-ived for th» Q T.C. spring meeting was 432, or an average of 21 nominations for each of the 18 races on th° card. The Sydney entries received for Tattersall's handicaps are Aga, Odd Stocking*, L&mond;, Lucifer, and Little Bernie. North Queensland is represented by Rilston, Fictwn, Goldstain, and the tbrea-y»ar-old crack Ronild, hy Sar donyx. The central district send us BoDri and MarkTapley. Chitabob ran for tbe St. 'Leger and quite ran up to bis form, as he held Donovan ttll bis ioficm'.ty found him out—the weak spot in his back sinew—and. he pulled up as lame as a duck. Donovan's time for the 1J mile and 132 yards was 3- mice. 13 fees , 9 6t. up, or 2J sees, better than the V.R C. St. Leger record under 8 st. 10 lbs. The A.J C. St. Leger record is 3 mine. 10 sees , but the distance at Randwick is 132 yards short of that at Flemingtcn and Doncaster, equal to at least S sees, in favour of Randwick—that is, the A. J.C St Leger should be won in 3 mins. 5 sees, to tie Donovan's record. ' • At the . Doncaster yearling sales Colonel North (the nitiate king) gave 2,500 guineas for a colt by St. Simon—Blue Rock, and 4,000 guineas for a colt by the same sire out of Garonne, by Silvio. Captain Marshall gave 1,950 guineas for a chesnut filly by Isonimy— Lotus. Ayrshire retires from the turf and serves mares next season at a fee of 100 guineas. . GaUopiog Queen, b.f , 3 years, by Galopin, won tho Foreland Plato at Doncaster, 5 fur longs 152yards,in 1 min. 11 'sees., good going, but barely a record or at the rati of a record. The successes of the Voltigeur blood are pbe • noineual, and should call attention to the Tocal sire Splendour, who is by Speculum, son of Vedette son of Voltigeur, and from Vedette we get Galopip, Donovan, Signorina, Semolina, and St Simon himself. Magic Circle, winner of tho Caulfield Nursery under 8 st. 2 lbs.—Utter, 8 ttsecond—is a aider or half-sister to Ringmaster and Lons dale, being by St. Albans or'First King-Yard ley (imp.). Among the nominations for the Q.T.C. Steeplechase, Curiosity, winuer of tho Caulfield Steeploehfk-e, appears. How far the nomination is beua-fido remaios to be scorn Anyway, the horge is no wonder, though no doubt a Triton amo igst our Queensland minnows. Suttti Christmus Races arc advertised ior December 26. Tho f Uowing is the pro gramme : Ladies' Bracelet, 10 sova.; Pony Race, 5 sovs ; Christmas Box Handicap, 15 sovs ; Stockman's Purso, 8 sovs; Hurdle Race, S sovs ; Scurry, w.f.a., 5 sovs. Nominations for handicap, December 11. General entry, De cember 25. The rights aud privileges for tho Gatton race meeting on the 24*h instant wcro put up by miction by Mr. W. A. Bohin, auctioneer, on Saturday last. There was a largo number of gentlemen present, and the bidding was brisk and showed that every confidence is placed in the mauagement of the secretary and com mittee of the club. The following were tho price*brought by the respective privileges: Gates, Mr. J. Chriotey, £37 ; grandstaud and eaddliog paddoob, Mr. E. Camerom, £20 ; No. 1 booth, Mr. P. Morau, £20; No. 2 booth, Mr. E. Gaul, £15; fruit stall, Mrs. Dwyer, 80s.; and race cards, W. H. Beini, S2> 6d. Donovan's time, 3 mine. Ids.'o* is 2} sees, faster ihau tbe best V.R C. St. L?ger record, and ho ctni-d 9 st ; 4 lb*, over tho weight carried by colts in the Flemiagtou race Too pi'co betting quotations hero would about fairly repr<seut the odds Australian bookies would lay aud tuke about winning. The following excolleut programme has been iesuni for December 26 and 27 by the Ipswich r»ir-: Club. Ftest Day.—Maiden Plato, 40 sovs., 1 mile; Bundamba Purse (welter han* dlcap), 45 sots , 1 mile; Turf Glub Handicap, 160 sots., 1 j mile; Juvenile Stakes, 36 sots., handicap, 6 furlongs; Selling Race, 40 eovs., 7 furlongs; Flying Handicap, 65 boys., J mile. Second Hay.—-Trial Stakes, 45 sovs., special weights, 7 furlongs; Hufdle Race, 45 boys , about \ mile; Visitors7 Flats, 45 a ova , (handi cap), J mile; Railway Plate Handicap, 100 aovs., 1^ mile; Corinthian Cup (welter handi cap), OdsoYB., 1 mile; Selling Race, 30 sovs, J mile; Farewell Handicap, CO boys., 1 mile. Nominations for Turf Club, Railway Plate, Flying, and Hurdle Handicaps, by 6 p.m. November 29 ; general entry, December 18. The added money comes to £726, and there should be a very large entry all rotmd. It is reported that Mr. Broadribb, of Mel bourne, has purchased Victor Hugo from the Hon. James White, for £1,000. A jockey named John Cock, 19 years, who re sided in Arthur street, Surrey Hills, Sydney, met a shooking accident on Saturday afternoon, while exercising a racehorse in Moore Park grounds. The animal bolted and Cock waa thrown heavily to the ground. He was immediately after yards picked up and taken to St. Vincent's Hospital,? suffering from a fracture of the skull and a fracture of one of his arms. It is feared that the injuries will prove fatal. A mo-ting of sporting men was held in Melbournc'un Monday in reference to the running of the horse Moorebank, for the Caulfield Cup, but nothing came of it. A gentleman wbo had heavily backed Moorebant, was taken ill after the steeplechase, and removed to his home. His losses on the day amounted to nearly £9,000; but his representa tive was in attendance at the r om«, shortly after 10 o'clock yesterday morning, discharging his liabilities. The settling proceeded very slowly all yesterday, and at a late hour the ohief members of the ring reported that the squaring of accounts was anything but satis factory. The Maryborough Jockey Club will bold an afternoon meetiog on t£e last Friday in November (the 29ih). Five events will be run —namely, a pony mce, trotting race, and three hack races. The added money will be £35. A meaning of the Rockhampton Jockey Club committee was held on Saturday, when arrange ments were concluded for one day's spring meeting. The committee are taking steps to have Monday, November 11 proclaimed a holiday instead of Saturday, November 9. 