Gfcriataaa EverTwlisre. Definition of Christmas. . The-angola in the. "Gloria in Excclcis " have probably given us the beat definition of Christ* V; Bias, VOn eafth peace,' goodwill toward men." " i This Christian idea of Christmas, with its love, charity, and forgiveness, has probably found yits most striking realisation in tho Julofrod.or !iTnle-pcaco of tho Scandinavians—a custom, ^hough ancient as tho Runic stonos, still exist ing in Swoden, by virtue of a Christian bap tistn,as an institution extending from Christmas . Eve to Epiphany, and solemnly proclaimed by , £ public crier. Any violatiofi of the Yule-peace is' visited with double or treble punishment. ^h« courts ore closed; old quarrels * are od> justed; old feuds are forgotten; while on the Yule-evening the shoes, great and small, of the entire household, are set close together in a row, , that during the coming year the family may live together in peace and harmony. Roman Saturnalia. To this pacific, Christian conception of the Christmas-time not a few Pagan elements have been added, .which are clearly traceable to the old German " Twelve Nights" and the Roman Saturnalia.' Hence its mirth and festivity, its jesting and feasting, its frolic and license. The decoration and illumination of our Christian churches recall the temples of Saturn radiant with beaming tapers and resplendent with garlands. The "Merry Christmas" responds to the "Bona Saturnalia," and our modern Christmas presents to the dona amicis. All the customs prevailing during the Satur nalia have found their counterpart during the Christmas holidays in modern society. Thb Birthday op Christ. Although Epiphamis dates back the custom of commemorating the birthday of Christ to the days of -the-apostles, its origin is to be referred with greater probability to the latter ; . * „ part of the fourth century. When Constantino proclaimed the Christian faith as'the predominating.religion of the Romish Empire, the Christian Church, relieved . from persecution throughout both Orient and Occident, began to solemnise, under the eegis of imperial authority, Christmas as the birthday of Christ. One prominent feature, however, of Constantino's political propaganda of Christianity was the adoption, under Chris tian forms, not only of pagan rites and cere monies, but-also of ]>agAii festivals. Tims it was that Christinas, though formerly observed on January 6. was transferred to December 25, the time o! the Roman Saturnalia, and beoamo in vested with much of the paraphernalia of the heathen festival. Battle of the Gods and Giants. In Germany the Christmas holidays appear to have boon substituted for the old pagan festival of the "Twelve Nights," which extended from December 25 to January G. The "Twelve Nights" wero religiously observed by numerous feasts, and wero regarded by tho ancient Germans as among the holiest and most solemn of festivals. Regarding, in common with other pagau nations, tho active forces of nature as living personifica tions, they symbolised the conflict of natural forces by the battle of the gods and giants. Thus, iu tho old German mythology, winter is represented as the ice giant, heartless, inexor able, the enemy of all life, and the relentless foe of gods and men. By the aid of his powerful steed, Swadilfari, the all-stiffening north wind, ho constructs a formidable castle of ice, which threatens to inaugurate the reign of night and winter, of darkness and eternal death. Then follows the conflict of giants and gods, of winter with spring, of north wind with south wind, until Thor, tho god of tho thunderstorm, demolishes (tho costlo of tho ico giant, when Frcija, tho beautiful goddess of spring, resumes her former sway, and life and light and pro sperity return. Festival of the Twelve Nights. In tho midst of this struggle of tho conflicting forces of nature the Germans and other j>eoplo celebrated tho festival of tho "TwelveNights." Though iu the depth of midwinter, when tho ioe-king was in tho full flush of victory, it was nevertheless the turning-point in tho conflict of natural forces. Tho aun-god, having reached the goal of the winter solstice, now wheeled his fiery steeds, and became tbe sure percursor of the coming victory of light and life ovjer darkness and death. The Hunting of Odin. But while a pagan festival might trans formed into a Christian holiday, there was no place in a system of theism, unless in its poesy, tor the pantheon of pagan gods. These were therefore either relegated to oblivion, or, meta morphosed into demons, witches, and ghosts, and are now supposed to have special power to work mischief particularly dunng the Christmas time. Hulda, once the producing night of spring, now bewitches the distaff of lazy spinner girls. Odin, the god of fecundity, who formerly pursued, with impetuous ardour, the fair and beautiful Freija, now, as the wild huntsman of hell, sweeps through the air with his devilish crow, foretelling future wars or portending coming calamity. The once-resplendent Berchta, now a malevolent witch, hung with cow bells and disguised with a horrid wooden mask, has become the bugbear of children, A singular noise of seabirds. during the nights of November and December in the Island of Schonen, is still known as the winking of Odin. Rumock Nights. In the Bavarian and Styrian Alps the * * Twelve Nights" arecalled u Rumour Nignts," on account of their visions of ghosts and hobgoblins, when priests and prudent housewives, with prayer and invocation, holy water and burning incense, fumigate dwelling and outhouse, and sprinkle their cattle with salt. A Pretty Legend. There is a pretty legend related by Von Reinsberg in his "lestliche J&hr;," that on one occasion the good Eckhart met two little children, who, coining out of a bcershop with a pot of beer, were overtaken by the fearful troop, who drank all the beer. Having no money to buy more, and apprehensive of punishment, they cried bitterly, when the faithful Eckhart com forted them with the assurance that if they would never tell what they had seen, their pots would i always be brimful of, beer. And so it was, until the parents prevailed upon thochildren to divulge the mysterious secret, when the miraculous gift disappeared. A Ccuiovs Medley. Many Christmas characters and customs con stitute a curious medley of paganism aud Christianity. This is particularly true among the Germans, who were strongly attached to their old religious ceremonies. The Christchild, with his gifts and masked attendant, all belong to the Germau antiquity. In the procession of tho star-singers, the three kings replace the pagan gods. Only the names have been changed. The German custom of someone going, in a state of nudity, at midnight on Christmas' Eve to bind tho fniit trees with ropes of straw, or of frugal • housewives shaking the crumbs from the table cloth around their roots in order that they may become more fruitful, clearly points to the mys-1 terious influence attributed by the ancient! Germans to the time of the " Twelve Nights." In tho Tyrol tho fruit trees, for a similar reason, are soundly beaten. In Bohemia, they are violently shaken during the time of tho midnight mass, while in other localities they are regaled with the remains of Christmas supper, to which they had been previously and specially invited. A similar custom, probably of German origin, still prevails in some parts of England. In Devonshire a corncake and some hot cider are carried into the orchard, and there offered up to the largest appletree as the king of the orchard, while tnose who take part in the singular cere-1 mony join lustily in the chorus— Bear good apples and pears enoughs Barns full, bogs full, socks full! Hurrah! hurrah! hurrah!' Mistletoe and holly, yule-log-and yule-candle, belong to the same category. The mistletoe was regarded by the Druias .with religidha venera tion, and its berries of pearl, as symbolic of purity, were associated by them with the rites of marriage. From this the transition was but slight to tho lover's kiss beneath its mystic bough during the Cliristinastide. At this festive season also they kindle bonfires upon the hill tops. Nor must wo forget that our pagan pro genitors burned a great log and a mammoth candle upon December 21, which, being the shortest day in the year in Europe, was regarded as the turning point in the conflict between the contending forces of winter and spring. The Pathos ok Children. St. Nicholas, as all the world knows, is the patron of children, with whom he is the most popular saint in the calendar. The Bishop of Myra, in Lucia, if we are to credit thej Roman breviary, supplied throe destitute maidens with dowries by secretly leaving a marriage portion for each at their window. Hence the popular fiction that he is the purveyor of presents to children on Christmas Eve. New Year in France. In France, though New Year is generally observed rather than Christmas for the distribu tionof presents, it is tbe "Jesus bambin" who comes with a convoy of angels loaded with books and toys with which to fill the expectant little shoes that tiny hands have so carefully arranged in the fireplace. In it he is represented by a young maiden dressed in white, with, hair of Iambs wool hanging down upon her shoulders, and her face whitened with flour, while on her head she wears a crown of gilt paper set round with burning tapera. In one hand she holds a silver bell, ana in the other a basket full of sweetmeats. She is the messenger of joy to all children, but that joy isusually changedinto terror on the appearance of Hans Trapp, the Alsatian Rupreeht. The bugbear, cm entering, demands in a hoarse voice which of the children have not been obedient, walking up towards them in a threatening manner; while they, trembling and crying, seek to hide themselves as best they may from the ftnpending storm. But the Christ child intercedes for them, and, upon their promis ing to become better in the future, leads them up to the brilliantly illuminated Christmas-tree loaded with presents, which soon makes them oblivious of the frightful Hans Trapp. Ruprecht, the Bugbear. In the Erzebirgo it is St. Peter who, dressed as a bishop, ana accompanied by the dreadful Ruprecht, is impatiently expected by the children on _ Christmas t Eve. The character of his visit does not differ materially from that of the Christchild, only that on leaving he delivers a short sermon, lays on the table a rod dipped in chalk, arid then departs as noiselessly as he came. The children, relieved from the presence of Ruprecht, now breathe freely again. They hasten to take off their shoes, polish them, and then tie them together, when the most daring among them, after listening if Nigla's bell had . ceased tinkling, runs out into the garden, and" pats them under a bush. The others, plucking up oourage, follow his example. They now pass the tune until the clock strikes 10 m telling stories, in which the black Ruprecht plays a principal part, when, having reconnoitred the situation through the keyhole to see that the coast is clear, they go noiselessly on tiptoe to their shoes under the bush, to find them filled with apples, nuts, and all sorts of sweetmeats* Ruprecht and His Disguises. From what precedes, it will appear that the bugbear Ruprecht, under different names and disguises, plays a conspicuous part among Ger man speaking populations in the Christmas festivities. In the Tyrol, the terrible Klaubauf accompanies St. Nicholas, who kidnaps naughty children and stows them away in his basket. In Lower Austria it is the frightful Krampus, with his clanking chains and horrible devil's mask, who, notwithstanding his gilded nuts and apples, gingerbread and toys, which he carries in his basket, is the terror of the whole nursery. In the Bohemian Netherlands, Rumpanz figures as the bugbear in the train of the Christchild. Three young men disguise themselves—one as an angel, another as the devil, and the third as a hegoat. The latter catches and holds wicked children who do not sav their prayers, upon his bonis, in order that the devil may beat them with his rod. In Alsace, Ruprecht,"as already intimated, is represented by Hans Trapp. In Suabia, tho Chnstchild is accompanied oy the Pelzmaert, who carries an old bell and an earthen pot containing the presents; while throughout northern Germany it is customary in the rural districts for a black-bearded peasant, wrapped in straw, to go from bouse to house asking the children if they know how to pray, rewarding those who can with ginger-bread, apples, and nuts, and punishing unmercifully those who cannot In Hanover, Holstein, anil Mecklenburg he is known as Clas. In Silesia his name is Joseph, Some Quaint Superstitions. There arc many quaint superstitions associated with Christmas holidays. In some places, as in Suabia, it is customary for maidens, inquisitive as to their prospective lovers,to draw a stick of wood out of a heap to see whether he will be long or short, crooked or straight. At other times they will ]>our melted lead into cold water, and from the figures formed will prognosticate the trade or profession of their future husbands. If they imagine they see a plane, or last, or pair of shears, itsigmfiesthatheis to bea carpenter, orshoemaker, or tailor; while a hammer or pickaxe iudicate a smith or a common labourer. The maidens of Pfullingen, when they wish to ascertain which of them will first become a wife, form a circle, and place in their midst a blindfolded gander, and the one to whom he goes first will soon bo a bride: while tho Tyroleso peasants listen at the baking ovens, and if they hear music it signifies an early wedding, but if the ringing of bells, it forebodes the death of the listener. Among others, a; favourite method of forecasting the future is to sit upon the floor and throw one's shoe with the foot over the shoulder, and then to predict from theposi tiou it assumes what is about to transpire. Kneeling of Cattle at Midnight. The superstition that cattle kneel at midnight on Christinas Eve, in recognition of the anni versary of the Saviours birth, is still said to i exist even in some parts of England; while tho | belief that water drawn at 12 o'clock on Christ ! mas night is miraculously turned intopwise is no ! less widely diffused. In Mecklenburg it is not Allowable to call certain animals by tboir right | Hames, and he who does not say "long tail," /or I example,* for fox, paysa forfeit; - -1 j . v - -' The Opening of'the Heavkss. In Folandj'aud elsbWliere, it is tulieycd thaton Christinas niglit the' htaveiisare opened^ and tliu, '*■ cene of Jacob's ladder is enacted; biit it is only permitted to the saints to* see it Throughout^ '"^'northern Germany the tables arc Spread and; . lights left burning during tho: entire night, that the "Virgin Mary, aiid the angel "who passes when '"everybody sleeps, may.'find*something ,to cat. ! In:pe"rtain' parts of Austria tlicy put candles in; '.the windows,* that the Christchild-may not: . stumbleJn passing through the village. "There; is, also a widespread opinion that a pack of • wolves, which are no other than wicked men; transformed into wolves, committed great havoc upon > Christmas night. Taking act van . tage of,this superstition, it was not unusual for ^rogues .disguised^ in wolfskins to attack honest -'people;-rifle their houses, • sack their cellars, 0 ana drink and steal their beer. As: a s|»eciflc ' charm, no doubt against these wolfish depre •"dations it was customary:in Austria, up to a * . recent date, after liigh mass on Christinas night, to sing in a particular tone, to the sound of the! large bell, the chapter of the generation of Jesus 1 Christ. r The Christmas Tree. ■:■*■. The Christmas-tree is doubtless of German ; \- origin. Though in its present form it is com i . paratively of recent date, yet its pagan prototype i enjoyed a very high antiquity. The. early Ger-j jnans conceived of the world as a; great tree .whose roots were hidden deep under the earth, . bat whose top, flourishing in the.uiidst. of Wul ■J halla, the old German paradise, nourished the she-goat upon whose milk fallen heroes -restored themselves. Yggcluafil was the name of this \--tree, and its memory was still green long after . Christianity had been introduced into Germany, .when much of its symbolic character was trans ferred to the Christmas-tree. At fi rst fitted u p d tir . ing the " Twelve Nights" in honour of Berechta, . the goddess of spring, it was subsequently trans-' foTM to the birthday of Christ,..who,"as the ;. God-nun, is become the •" resurrection and the life.'* The evergreen firtree, an; emblem of . Bpnng-time, became tne •; : symbol of an eternal spring. The burning lights wer^ to -• adumbrate Kim who is. the " light of the world," and the gifts to remind us that. God, in giving His only Son for the world s redemption,; conferred upon us the most priceless of all gifts. This" symbolism extended also to - ■. the most usual of Christmas presents, apples and nuts; . the former being considered , -as an emblem of youth, the latter as a profound symbol; :of spring, while the "boy's, \- legs relate to Saturn, who ' , devoured hisown children,.. ,and the Kropfel to .the" thunderstono of Thor. .V • Christmas; Trees andJ?bo *; TESTANTTBlf. * . TJntil within the present.. . century the Christmas-tree was regarded as a distinctive Rotestantcustom. -TheHe? .; formers,;in order to separate - themselves more completely" . . from the'Catholic Church,;- ' dispensed- with its. rites, ceremonies, and customs,and - those of the Christmas holidays 'among the rest. . i • The Krippe, or noly manger, 'whichwas considered adisr tinctively Catholic institu-" tion, strangely enough, was supplanted by an old pagan ■ custom of * immemorial an- f tiquity and kindred signifi cance. To invest the festival with additional importance in fibe eyes of children, the. distribution otjiolidav pre sents was transferred from the 5th to the 24th of De cember, or from St. Nicholas's Eve to Christmas Eve. Such was its origin. *Xow the Christmas-tree, radiant with . light and loaded with its , ~ \ rich variety of golden fruit is, not only to be j found everywhere throughout Germany, but has ,| • taken root and become acclimated front the Alps1: • to the Ural, and from the Kiolen to the'Apen nines; beneath Italian suns and amidst Lap land snows; alike oh the banks of the Neva and the Po, the Mississippi and the Thames—in truth," wherever German civilisation lias penetrated,' or I German Protestantism prevails. . ~ -.r . The Manger. • V. ,! The presepio, or manger, lias, however,, main tained its pre-eminence in. Roman. Catholic , countries. It is said to owe its origin to St. Prancis, who constructed the first one in; 1223. Subsequently the 'custom spread' throughout Italy, and afterwards Germany and the Xether . lands. The prescpii vary in size and expensive . ness, from the rude wooden figures of-the , Al|fine goat-herd, cut out >vith his ohm hands * during the long winter evenings, to' the pre tentious representation of the wealthy burgher, with its-exquisite carving and gilding, velvet drapery ana cloth of- gmd^'.costing thousands of crowns. In many churches the whole parish - contribute to the expense- of , fitting up the . presepio, while moribund misers do not' forget . to endow.it with a legacy in. their; last will and testament. ♦. . ; * . • The Grand Christmas Dinner. "V One of the principal features of the holiday in Italy is the grand Christmas dinner,' which begins early, and lasts late. The rich, feast right royally, and the poor, who can afford to ' eat meat but once' a year, must have it for the : Christmas, dinner. In anticipation " of this, it is customary for everyone who has turned a hand for you during the year to. call upon you '* in advance,of. the Christmas' holidays for their;! . buona festa. ' This a resident foreigner.espec-i- ■ ally finds'out to his sorrow. If he;be a con-. . sut so much the worse.' He is not only ex pected to fee his own employees, but those of the .. health office, of the captain of the port,'of the prefect,, of the chief of police—in fact, of; all ' the authorities with whom he has'held.official. \-- intercourse. Then come the telegraph: ines-. senger, the penny postman, the scavenger, the ' washerwoman, the baker's boy, • who alone re . turns, you an- equivalent; by bringing you a |>ahe ■doloe^togetner with the servants of your friends, whero yon liavo called frequently, especially if you havo dined with them at any time during the year. The buona fust a varies from two to fifty franes; and'^casionaljy,more^ Sometimes, instead of calling, in gpeison^tjlo moro aristocratic—m? fcne"i&Hith;\\*W-thS*Bmirefc —will send you their carto dc visite, with the coinydiiiieiltl^f'th'c'soason*; but"thcywouId conr* sider it as rather a grim joko if you wore simply Cto send-ycura iu^retunu^^Thi^^^oven a greatci^ •infliction" thd-bdlmari,\wl^ . inidnight'ringing;lus :bell, and .Tattling^off-a -stanza or two, for^ thV:gmtuity. whicli ihe con; fid&itly; anticipates.; . : •.;~"r " " !v .V? OxiTEll Customs.v, - r.'In Spain; Christmas is obsorved, wo under.-, stand,, veiy'raiislr as it is. in Italy, ,the Christmas dinner. playing a. very; conspicuous; part. In Russia, 'though St.-Nicholas isa social favourite, and they have the Christmas-tree, and services in tho cmprclies, idl .sp&ial; ceremonies* are re seiwed^fqr.thV Easter holidays and Epiphany, : \- On^thet btlier hand- throughout tlieScandi naviancouhtries,tlie Yide-time is the gayest and meiriestseasqn'of thoyear.\ • - In Lapland and Norway it*'is/still customary to'set out a cake in the snow as a Christmas offering, intended originally, in allr probability*, to propitiate some pagan divinity, jas it dates back to the times of Thor the Thunderer. - : NoY must we omit to speak of the Yulorclulv which was formcrlj* suspended by a ribbon over the "table,1 to be played by the gnosis in,orderiio thedrink; decide about the drink; nor of the Yule-cock,"a' cock made of the Yule-straw,' which avas;played 111 a' nimilfti" mfinnor - - " •_* •• in a* similar maimer. The CmiisTiiAS Box. In .Sweden and JDentfiark the julklapp, or Christmas-box; enclosed in innumorablewrnp pers and labehedwith tlio.iname" ofr the; person for whom it.is intended, is suddenly, thrown iuto the rborii hy^some unseen, mysterious meHenger,; .wlio accompanies :'it with a . loud-rap .upon-the; door. -.No littleringenuity is": frequentlyy ex: hibited inr the selection bf.fclie envelope endosiiig. the present. Sometime*? an elegantivase'is en closed in a monster bale, or a costly -brbochriu t great straw boot, -or-somty vahiaMe ornamenfc'm ahr.carthemvrire* hen. •• During. the evening'all sorts1 of ;m^s£ngers, ' m- all1- possible una im possible disguise?;' .somo in/masks,.: some ' in female attire, some • as • cripples-on crutches, others as postilion^ on horseback, hurry hither and thithoiykuid deliver the presents in the 'most tmexpectodandmystcrioiis manner.:- ThoYiile klapp ■is.not'unfnKiuently, accompanied'by a biting epigram .or satirical allusion,' like the valentine. Tl^u<va, lady extravagantly fond of dress is liable,to be presented with a ridiculously, dressed dolI)or a newly married wmple, who are rather demonstrative in their billing aiid cooing) with a.pair of young turtle-doves. \- In'the larger towns and cities) as in Stock holm, they liold "a great fair: The:shops are holm, „ s richly decorated- and splendidly. illmmnatcd. Tliere are family'reunions, where childreh'-re ceirc their presents and adults their Yule-klapps, whilo in the midst of the festive sceno rises a Christma3-tree.with its rich .burden of: flowers, fruits, and sweetmeats," uiul brilliant with burning waxlights. ' • ' '•? Decadence of'Festivityun England. Of the Christinas in England,:wc need -hardly say, scarcely the shadow.remains.;The) time'> ih gnne.when all classes of society, united around a ;common banquets table,•.indulged In)the 'most unrestrained. joviality.) and-, merriment, hi The wassail (warm ale), bowl, tliat^oiice- played 'so' conspicuous a.>part* at 'thu .Christmas, banquet, has become obsolete,awhile ^ie'old;time toasts m. "Drine heil," "Was hail,'.' from which the bowl derives its name, liasgivenpIace)to'th'e: modern ".Come, here's to ypu,"io'r "Til pledge •you.,/: Then, too the miimng.'of Chri^imtc:irblsj* which was once .bo popular, cvei(>aU court,) lias greatly! fallen into disuse,; and js),ri6w.jVrineij)ally con fined to the lower; classes. )_Eveii Hi^'traditional mistletoe, around which gath'ers'sbmuch of j>oesy .and itimanw, and^undcr Arhicli coy.-maidens coqueLtihlily courted thekiss of .their- present or prosjiectiyo plovers; nqw. .excluded.),- from ;, the .churches as* a relic 6f paganism,'/ liaii \beeii banisii/xl by slow degpjes from, its high post o£ favour; while theiYulc- bloclc, or Cljristmas-log, with its wann welcqine, extending even; to the poor and the btrange'r as they 'gather aroupd the nosxntablc board, isDo;nggraaually supplapted by *flio"CIiristuws^tn!cr""Ni> n^nsidefftble^mofint' of Christinas charity, however, survives tlio ~ ' —ClIMSTMASr IN"AMEUiCA. ^Christmas iii the Npw AVorld,r>vo may add,. is tlioroughlyEurop^nin cliaract^r,sihcbiW" cus ^tnrng:- far. tKo • most part, havo* been transplanted from "tlio" Old.-' Even tUo Negroes; of Jamaica elect themselves a king and queen of ' misrule, 'and indulge* in Christmas masks and mummers. Tlio NowYork ChrifStraas:treq comes fom Ger many; its .'Santa' Clau s". from - Holland j ' T110 Christmas-stocking *from Belgium or •hrance; while tho "Merry-.'Christmas' and Happy. Now Year " is the old ^English, greeting, ^suyyiving from times wbeiLtho"Old didnot even dream/of the existence of the Now World; ■"•Thp Mirror.". 