SQUIRREL. CHArnsii ir. Lunchecu tfuit <i ay wits an execs, sively floouiy off.-tir; ihn lawyer rat- ltt-d his bruins for conversation, but: for or co could find none. The R'rls were Rilmtand without appetite. The pipht of Cyr.l's vacant place cholted Helen. Mr. AVesibrooli ate his cold lamb and salad with ostenta tious rffeeialioti of enjoyment. But old Bond cou'd easily discern, as he carried news to tbe aerv.iuts' hill, " that things was a coming to a head." .''I'll ir.iublo you in the drawiag- = room, Miss Terrors, for a fow moments'," said Mr. Westbro.ok, when, having fiiiishcd, he got up aud pushed his chair from him ; and as the two went thither, Helcu following her sister with anxious eyo, John Foster longing to be by her, perhaps all four 'elfc little easier than tho lonely young culprit locked up in the ; library. I He, to tell tho truth, was not par- I icularly to be pitiect. Having firm i "aith in his sister, he resigned all j hought of the future to her, and, i ifch the wisdom of his few years, i vns now exercising himself on the lurniDg topic of tho moment, i.ei, how to give his gaoler tho slip .' " There you stop till I let vououb." Mr. "Westbrook had said. A boastful cockcrow that went sorely against squirrel's grain. Into durance vile He had gone cheerfully at Olive's sking, but out of it he fully meant to .jet without leave of any Mr. West- orook. For means to this end ho now 33 stematically set himself searching. The door was fast, no question about that. He broke his penknife in a futile attempt to slip the lock, and then gave it up. Naturally the window suggested itself aa the next best means of exit. Unfortunately, that was full Oft from the ground, the Grange front being well raised ovor a 'me of cellars, and, although the drop as nothing to a boy of his weight, an iiti-burglarious row of post3 with t iple, well-spiked chains offered erious objections to this manner < f escape. What was to be 'one? Squirrel planted himself in He middle of his prison, and yed hie surroundings interrogatively, n front was that 'impracticable vindow; behind him every inch of vail, except the door space, was tied with close-packed Bhelves of )okp — the same wiih the whole wall . a his right hand. Opposite this as tho wide, quaint-tiled hearth nder tbe shallow; high-shouldered himney piece ; on one side of the fire- j.'ace a small door opened into n ' y hack room, which Auub Pleasanc8 a. ed to cnll bor ' sanctum ; on the o' er side stood a bookcase of- -1-ft b, above which hung a picture of. last Squire Westbroik in a pigtail'; 1' a bright blue coat, vi.his quick glance took all in, h in ' 1 looked perfectly iron-bou-nd, and 'irelV heart sank within him. -tho, after all, stop there like a Hi a trap, but to bo let out by t hat s, overbearing monster,- i\l>. -'brook ? Was there no chink he ' ' edgo himself out by, no lnop- : ho cculd wriggle through? \Tes h there was! Oh, happiest of .v thoughts, whut about the; -,ey ? use smoky funnels at the Grange" I none of your screwed-up, be- ' modern contrivances, but ample,; rous air-passages, running boldly from basement to roof. Cyril v all about them. He had per- \- vlly inspected the interior of one > n workmen had beon repairing i uiany-cornered stacks above, and -J safely worked hi3 wray down to 1 we's own bedroom. jSTow, if he .-i.uld only voyage upward from the ' ":ary, cat-like rango the tiles, and ' scend ngain by the old route, what 1 capital joko it would bo. Quick as nought Cyril stepped on tho stout -ars of tho grate aud cauliqusly nserted head and shoulders up he inky entrance. Hurrah ! He could soo a bit of blue skv hinh up alol't. Nimble as his namesake, he began the ascent. A brick jutting here and there lent friendly help. He had to grope along with closed eyes, for hits of mortar and little nests of disturbed soot came pepper ing about him. Careful and crab-: like, be hauled hiuiEelf safely up till nigh tho level of the libinvy ceiling. Theii he nearly came to griof . He eeemcd to have got beautiful foothold 011 a brick or two, when ho suddenly slipped. Down went one leg, but not down tho chimney — down the other side, somehow. Preserving his balance with difficulty, Squirrel rubbed hi3 dusty eyes with _ his grimy hand, and peered about him. Only faint murky light struggled to his aid, but ho could just discern something remarkably odd. An open ing there was on the left side of the chimney, but not more tban two feet square, and the cavity beyond must be of Boms size, for as tho lad in- quiiitivoly poked his leg about, it came in contact with no other wall. Whatever could this placo be ? A. bricked- up cupboard perhaps ; a .hid ing-hole for cavaliers, priests, Jacob ites, what not ? Cyril's spirit of adventure"; tose within him. In for a penny; in for a pound. He'd through that hole, and possibly ferret out tbe secrets of cen turies. So through ho went, feet foremost this time, and easily enough, for what felt lilro brick stops assisted his descent into a space which, by faintest light aud much patting aTOund, he discovered to bo a small chamber matching iu ska Aunt Plea- sonce's sanctum the other side of the fire placo. Here was an exciting find ! How pleased old Auntie would lutva been to know it! How Olive would have liked it if they had boon slopping at the Grange ! . As for that sucly Mv. "\VeBtbrook, though, ho should novor- hear of this romantic den. Cyril only wished it might be full of ghosts that would come out and scare him if ever he lived at the place. But ghosts in it were neither tangible nor visible now. Aftor over so long of Uleal'.by c.c ping and feeling through- out its length and breadth, Cyril could find nothiug but aucient cob webs and layers of dust and debris, h wooden something, narrow table or shelf, a lock or fastening, aud — At that point of investigation the boy was startled by sounds that ap peared strangely close, being, in fact, as he soon remembered, in the adjacent library. Same ono spoke. It was that nice fellow Foster, and his words were : "Now, Cvril, ray lad, if you'll just f ay to Mr. AVoBibrook why, how's this ? I can't see him. Cyril ! Where's be vanished to ?" "Jumped" out of the window, I'll warrant," rasped forth another voice (the enemy's) ' " Expected a thrash ing if he did not eat humble-pie, and by George, he should have it, too, if I'd had my way." (Cyril tingled with wrath to tho tips of his toes ) "I don't see how he could jump out here without hurting himself," was the anxious answor backfromthe , window-way. " 1 do hope the boy is Bftfe. Ilia sister " "There, there." snarled the other gentleman. '' JPon't trouble yourself to make a fuss over t-he young Bneak'1 — (Cyril clenched his dirty little fist and almost wished he had not started on this chimney expedition) — "the men about tbe grounds must lookout for him, and I'll rate Iiirn sounlly when we catch him. Now I'm going to look over, h'm — h'm — my farms. I wish you ood-day, Mr. Foster. If you will mn ke it convenient to be hera by 10 o'c'ock to-morrow we'll meet in thiB room and can begin to wind up matters." " Then, Miss Ferrers — " " Appears," with a grunt, " to ds- siro perfect independence, sir. S ha can have it if she chooses. So much i ho better for my pocket. She givea f.i'.-r final decision in the morning. Good afternoon." Aheavy step loft thelibrary, crossed the hall, and slammed the front door. Every sound echoed in Cyril's drum- like retreat. John Foster seemed to .he staying behind. Cyril hc-ard him give a sigh that was half a groan, lie was a 'regular good chap. The boy had half a mind to tap on the thin panel which divided them, and tell him so, but an other entrance checked him. It was Olive this time. " Oh, Mr. Foster, she began, " did Cyril — where is he, please ? Has Mr. Westbrook let him out?" " No, he let himself out, I fancy by I he window," was the response. "I'll hunt bini up before I leave. Wo. Bhall find him- all right'. Bjut Miss Ferrers — can you — will you look on -me just as- your mau of. business, as if I were my father, in fact? .Will you tell mo what Mr. Weatbrcok has offeredin lieu of what everyone or peeled you and. your brother and siBtor would have ?' . Cyril stiniiicd his oars. Olive ap peared to hesitate, then b.oke out passionately. " "What he lias offered! A pittance, Mr. Foster, vliat might, I. suppose, 'just lieep us from starving, bat "whie'i I must verily b3gln to starve before I would accept on his terms ! I am to make Cyril beg his pardon, and then, pothnps, only perhaps, he will' get him an- office boy's place with ono of his partners at Bristol. Aud to Helen and me he offers £50 a year ; enough, ho says, for ue to live, on in lodgings, with Cyril's wages to help !' Mr. Foster, beggars must not bo choosers, but I think I would rather dio thau touch a penny from Mr. "Westbrook," (" And right you are, Olivo' ) whispered Cyril in his duu- geou. " But my dear — dear Miss Ferrers, what is to be done? Whom else, wluu else have you to turn to ?'' ' No one, nothing, or next to noil- ing. But, Mr. Foster, Cyril has sour king — nearly £200, I think a go? ., other left him. Now surely I car end him to some school with th . and I know when he's a little ok. i- iliat ho. will work like a man to ii 'i. me and Helen." ("Won't I, \ ' murmured the seotv one.) "As f> e, I will find some school where . ; will let me teach, and Helen can ") - there for my pay. It's only for" ' 1 Ritke I" — feel — it hard." ' ' There now, that's horrid ; Olive's t. iiig," . muttered Squirrol, beg»ira- i. - his eyelids with his o.wn knuckles.) Mr. Foster seemed to walk up aud ( ,-,vn in agitation; then shut tho l.brory door and halted. " Miss Ferrers, your plan, your Determination, aro worthy of you ; but- ( '; e thing fails you. Tour brother's Money cannot, I know, ho touched "till he is of ago." / "Then— oh, what shall we do?" , " This ; ' let me advance a couple of hundreds, lend it, give it to you. Oh, wait a' moment ! Let me tell you what no- one oil earth should have known if you'd been rich and pros perous. I have eeeu you so often, and so much, I could no more help loving you than I could help living! .1 don't know about family, and ancestors, and so forth ; I only know, my father's numo has been an honored ono for 50 years, and, pleaso God, I'll do nothing to sully it, and if you'll sharo it with me your brother and your sister shall ho mine, and you shall never know a caro that I can shield you from I What, what will you say ?", Cyril could hoar Olivo sobbing. He very nearly committed himself by au audible accompaniment. (" John Foster, you're a Trojan," said ho softly. Jf Olivo will have you, I'll civo you Toots for a wedding present ; but, nov/ then, hark 1") " I can't, I can't say ' Yes,' " 01ive_ faltered, " it would be wicked of mo» " Ah, you don't care for me ! ' You; think me presumptuous." r ".Presumptuous -1 Mr. Foster, A.unk Plea sauce always said you wei-a far too good to ho just a lawyer." " And you, you yourself " << I-f- liltod — you always." . ("Thought as much I" . chuckled Squirrel.- "She always colored tip when that young nmn camo.") ' " But," rapturo usly, " ean you ever oveme?" " I — think — T— can." "Olive, my dearest." Then ensued seme seconds, over which Cyril positively blushed. L ive ecstacies are utterly preposterous to extreme youth. " But now," said Olive, presently, in ench a changed voice, " you must never feel you took me, took us, out. of pity. You must be very certain of your own mind before you tie your self to us penniless people." " I can never bo more certain than now, my Olive.' "Ah, but you shall have time to think about ir. If only you will send Cyril somewhere, that much I will freely take of you. You Bliall pay yourBolf by-and-bye. But for one year I mean to work for Helen, as I said. Then if you still want mo " From that part of her project she was immovable. So, witn satisfaction enough in his heart to tide him over even a twelvemonth's waiting, tho young man parted from his new- gained love. Cyril had to blush again in the dark over the lovers' farewells, and then when his soliiude was silent once more, he set about thinking how to get out oi confinement. For reasons of his own a twenty- foot higher climb was not desir able. Therefore with extreme care he gniped the aperture by which he had .entered, "slowly lowered himself to the bal'S, of _ the grate, squatted there lilts an imp, taking oil his tell-tale shoes, listened to find ihe coast clear, then warily slipped off to his own room, bolted himself in and spent an hour to such purpose that when at last he made his way down stairs no trace of his sweep's exploit was left upon him. CutVPiMCE III. The two gills' anxious questions as to his mode of exit trooi his prison, Cyril contrived to parry. Mr. West- brook's high and mighty scowls at the dinner- table be bore with exemplary meekness. When his siaters both implored him to behave discreetly at the next morning's conclave in the library, to which Mr. Westbrook all but ordered the trio,, ho promised . faithfully to keep his tempo)', come what might, aud eedulously patted Toots' sleek bend to conceal the twinkle in his eye, when Olive added, as herald of great glad tidings : " For all things may, after all turn out better than they will sound, dear Squirrol." Ten o'clock next morning found tho Grange party aud John Foster assem bling in the appointed room, Mr. Westbrook swelling with arrogant importance, which Olive might have found hard to hear, had not a glance between her lawyer add herself given her a delicious sense of happy strength. "Ah— h'm," rasped out Mr. West brook, sea-ting himself in the heavy oak chair that stood at one cud of the oid Turkey hearthrug, "Ah — h'm, I see that boy is not here, but he is of no consequence whatever, so we need not wait. As it is very evi dent my lata respected aunt " (his tone implied capital letters to her honor, now hs had come into her money), " has died intestate, I feel the time has come when, as her heir" (honor requested for him self this tims), " I take natural possession of her entire pro perty. I feel it is my right, so I shall not make any bones about doing it. As J intend shutting the house up for tho summer, the first thing to do is to get rid of the servants. Miss Helen, ring tli9 bell." Bond, appearing in answer, was deGired to fetch -up all the domestics. Seven filing in, headed by tho grey- haired housekeeper, every ono of them was summarily dismissed with the noble douceur of a month's wnge3. - Bond had been servant to the West- brooks nigh 40 years ; the housekeeper but little less ; tho rest were no strangers in tho place. Each one Mias Pleasance had seemed to care. for. Upon each this sudden ordering out of what had been a good homo, with out a civil word to soften it, came rougniy. Olivo flushed with mortification. Hot tears of shamo sprang to her eyes, as without a word, but with keen .dinappointmont on every face, tbe HUlo band accepted their notice and wi-bdrew. For the life of her she could not help secretly applaud- ing the kitchen-maid — a new-comer, of only two years' standing — who, as she, passed Mr. Westbrook, ttfrned douu the coiners of bor good-humored mi-uu; and tossed her boad con- tc:r-|i'aou.Gly, <i !i ! indeed said tho gentleman, .as il:is young person disappeared. " Yt.u called me 'mean wretch,' did j r u, Miss Country -impudence! I'll Ke if that can't be'remembored when ycu'ro, wanting a character." (il.' vo looked at- hint wouderingly. "Indeed, I don't think Jane said a single word," Bbe exclaimed. "Nonsense, Miss Ferrers. Don't undertake excusing servants as well as your brother. The hoy will be handful enough for you. The girl' said 'Meau wretch.' I heard her distinctly, didn't you. Mr. Foster?" . "Iam afraid someone did," con fessed that gentleman, reluctant!.,. : " but who — " - i " Oh, that hrnzen-facod girl," re torted Mr. "Westbrook, "aud that's enough about it. Now to procoed. The tenants of my farms, Mr. Foster, must have nbtico to quit at Michaelmas, or renew their louses at hieh'cr rents." " But, Bir, rents are falling about here; three of your tenants! havo been on the land — father to san — for generations. They aro good farmers, j and I am afraid they would look on such notices ns rather unfair." . " Then let 'em and be hanged to 'cm," c.ticd tho new landlord. "I de.re ray you and they find it pleasant to work the property be tween you. ' You 'tickle mo, Toby, I'll ticlcle you' style of thing, oh P But I'm neilhor a fool nor a woman I shall put tho screw- on where I choose ; you can be -my man if you like, Mr. Foster; if not, there are other lawyers in Crcwchester, 3 sup pose.'' " There are, sir, and you had better cue," tail the yourg mar, quietly. My father and grandfather J before him managed this property to the satisfaction of that gentleman " — indicating tho blue-coated squire to the left of the fireplace — "and of his daughter for three-quarters of a cen tury, hut for myself 1 now beg to resign the njfiee of your solicitor." A ud — ridiculous fancy to be sure — tho pig-tuiied portrait positively seemed to nod opprovul of this resignation. "Well doue," cried Mr. Wost- brook. sharply.' " I doi't know which of you young ladies remarked ' Well done' to this Iiigh- fnlutin' speech, but allow me to say while you a:e eating the bread of charity under my roof I consider the words au impertinence." \- "I never snid ' Well dona,'" ex claimed Olive, t-ilrning scarlet. "Nor I," said Helen, timidly. " If I'd time to waste on tho matter," said Mr. Westbrook, in credulously, "I should insist on yotir withdrawing the words ; but I've not. I merely beg to inform you now that the £50 a year I offered you is not to be looked upon in the light of a pen sion. It is purely a matter of charity, which I continue or suspend, as cir cumstances direct. I must request that you be ready to leave the Grange on Saturday next. As for your brother, on reeoliiidoration I decline to have anything to do with hitn. Y"ou or" — sneering — " Mr. Foster, porhaps, must look about and find him a home." " Much obliged, sir, but ho has got one," said a voice that seemed to issue from tho back of Mr. Westbrook's chair. " What tbe devil is that !" cried the gentleman, starting up, and Toots, whe had got in as the servants went out, and had been uneasily emelling about in all directions, now bolted with yelps ol joy towards tho fireride bookcase. " It was Squirrel speaking," pried Helen. " But he's not hero,"' exclaimed Olive. " Yes, ho is," returned the semi- ghoatly tone quite cheerfully, and then the long pioce of oak panelling on which hung old Geoffrey "West- brook's portrait swung slowly for ward, disclosing the soot-smirched countenance of Master Cyril, holding in his arms a black tin ease, marked with Miss Pleasanco Westbrook's name ia white letters. "It's her will," he cried, exul- lingly. " I went up the chimney yesterday to get out of Mr. Wost- \- brook's clutches and slipped in here (and found' it all by cbnnee. Audi j knew Aunt' Fleaeanco could not have jgot up the- chimney, so I came up again to -day and brought some matches with' mo, and fouud this little door out. Auntie knew about it of course, and hid the old parch ment up here,. I suppose Take it, ph ase, Mr. Foster. I've read it all through. Mr. Westbrook's got the family plate, because she wished- it to go. with the name, and' we've got all the rest. Thank you, Mr. West brook, for locking- mo up yesterdo-v. I'm very much obliged to- you. Wo should never have found Aunt Pleu's will if you hadn't boon- so-savage with- me for nothing." That sting ranked in Mr. Weat- hroob's memory for many w day, but he made a rapid retreat after his un expected rout, taking himself dis gustedly off to his own wealthy home- before that same night sot in. Abbott's Grange and all appertain ing thereto came to what kind o'd Miss Pleasance used to call her " imitation grandchildren.''' The ser vant s got their legacies and -kept their places; pretty Olive got in honest' John -Foster a batter husband than sho might ever have chanced on- had she been known mistress of her hand some fortune. Toots is living into a tenderly cherished old age, and Squirrel, now a smart- young officer in the Boyal Engineers, gives himself a congratulatory pat upan the back whenever ho recalls that May day's . exploration and its wonderful results. fcONCLUDED.T 