MURDER OF 4 DROVER AT WAGGA WAGGA. Christian Eppell, a drover, was murdered at 7 o'clock on Sunday morning at tbe vVagga common, about 4 miles from Wagga, it is supposed by another drover, The deceased was in charge of 950 bullocks, which left Claverton, Queensland, some weeks ago for Albury via Wagga. The bullocks were owned by Cobb and Co., aud Eppell had six drovers and a cook with him. When they reached VVagga the bullocks were sold on the 6th September, by Mr A. T. Bolton, to Mr Mate of Tarcutta. The men proceeded to Albury aud returned to Wagga on Thursday last, when they camped at the scene of the murder. The party consisted of Christian Eppell, Frank Norris, the second in charge, Thos, Riley, Win. Green, John Draper,- a cook named Frank Matthew Buckley, and another man whose Christian name is Barney, Two tents were pitched, in one of which a small low one, Eppell slept, Twenty.-tive yards off was the camp fire, round which Norris usually slept. In the other tent tbe remainder of the men were supposed to. sleep. The cook, Norris, Buckley, and the man Barney, however, stayed at O'Connell's hotel on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings. Riley slept at the same hotel on Thursday and Friday. On Saturday night Norris left by traiu for Melbourne and Riley was left by himself at the fire when Draper and Green turned into their tent and Eppell into his. At 7 o'clock on Sunday morning a shot was heard by Matthews, the caretaker of the common, who resides in a direct line from the camp a quarter of a mile off. He did not pay any particular attention to the matter, but a young son of his named Alexander, aged JO, who was at the time milking cows, noticed £tiley running to get a horse, and ride away very fast. Although Green and Draper slept only 50 yards from Eppell's tent, they did not hear tbe report. Riley called at several hotels at North and South Wagga, aud places on the Tarcutta-road between 7 and 10 o'clock. Green, on going to call Eppell for breakfast shortly before $ o'clock, saw him lying dead with a bullet wound in his head. He immedialy rode in to town and informed the police of the occurrence. All the mounted men were quickly despatched, and Senior- sergeant Powell told.Senior-constable Dixon and Constibles Davidson and Gilltrap to proceed along the Tarcutta-road, and make for Alfred-town, Shortly before noon the three constables espied Riley near Book Book, about three- quarters of a mile in front of them. ' Riley at tbe same time saw the police^ and he urged on his horse as fast as lie could. After a brisk chase of four miles by Davidson and Dixon, the latter had a fall off his horse in a bog. They drew up close to the fugitive, and the former fired his revolver into the air, and then fired at Riley's horse, but missed, Biley threw up his left arm, but did not slapken the rein much until Dixon and Davidson drew up to him. He was handcuffed and conveyed into town. He made no confession of the crime- Two watches supposed to belong to the murdered man and £9 in gold and silver were found on him. Riley is 51 years of age, and a native of Lance field, Victoria. Eppell was highly spoken of, being a good natured, quiet man, who did not drink or smoke. He had a wife and fam'ty at Toowoomba. He intended with sonje of the men returning home on Sunday morning. The affair has caused great excitement in tbe town, and a large crowd awaited the prisoner's arrival. The inquest commenced at Clark's Hotel, North Wagga, at 10 o'clock on Monday. Eppell appears to have been shot while lying asleep ou his right side with an old large Snider rifle. The bullet entered his left eye, pierced his head, and came out at the top of bis right ear, making an ugly gash.—Arg\is. •^botna! Biley the youth who is£n custody for nurder of Christian Eppell, the overseer of a ft drovers, of whom Riley was onefsays tba y \ correspondent of tbe Melbourne gerald) has jade^ ^ »» writing, ir yhiph he confesses his guilt and makes a clean breast of the whole affair. His Btory is to tbe effect that he became involved in an intrigue with a female, and in order to get money to carry it on he was tempted tc murder Eppell and rob him ot the money he knew he bad, Riley said he went to sleep beside th* campfireou Saturday evening, as stated by the witnesses, but got up early on Sunday morning. He took the snider rife whicb was in the camp, and, having loaded it, went down to the door of the tent in which Eppell was sleepiog. His move; meats appeared to disturb tbe murdered man, who opened liis eyes, but Riley instantly shot him dead, He then took tbe money and valuables and made away on horsebaok, but very soon a great horror of wbat be had done seized him and he thought of going ialo Wagga Wagga and giving himself up to the police. However, he stopped at several hotels drinking and trying to give bis mind relief, and then lie deter nined to try to make off, but he still continued to stop at wayside public bouses, and was easily overtvkeo. Riley expresses the deepest contrition for his terrible crime and says that he doef not except tbe slightest mercy, Eis confession seems to explain the remark he used when arrested that " women and grog will ruin any man." On Wednesday morning when the inquest was resumed tbe police gave evidence of Riley having written the above confession and produced tbe document. The coroner summed np in a few words, und the jury in a minute or two returned a verdict of wilfui murder against litiley, who was committed for trial on the .coroner's warrant. Riley states that he is a native of Lmcefleld in Victoria. A IJUTHEEGLEN GHOST.—Rtitherglen (says the Sun) has always been noted for having its ghosts, Several years ago one of these individuals used to make occasional visits about tbe bridge across the railway leading to the churches, generally appearing when children and ladies were passing, thus ayoiding detection or capture. During tbe past three months bis gbostship has again made his appearance, and a few Saturday nights back gave a fright to two young men while going towards the railway bridge. This success evidently made his gbostship very bold, as he suddenly appeared the other evening at one of tbe wiudows at the dwelling of the late Sarauei Benjamin, and luckily the occupant of the room was a stalwart youDg man, who was not to be intimidated by the appearance of the.white vision outside the window, (juietly armed himself with a paling, and suddenly opening the window, sprang through, seizing his ghostship with one hand, and made free use of the paling with the other across his ghoBtsbip's back, which quickly brought forth the ejaculation—" D—n it, I am not a ghost; knock off, it is only a lark. " These sweet appeals found no sympathy until his gbostship began to smart severely under the blows he received, and upon the tablecloth being removed from bis head revealed the form of a well-known supposed gentleman, following the respectable vocation of a clerk! It is to be hoped now that this party has been revealed that these night pranks will be brought to a close, and we compliment the youDg man who unmasked bim, but think lie lacked a duty to the general public in not taking bis ghostship to the horse dam at the lower end of the town and giving him a bath. ASSAULT UPON A CLERGYMAN.—An unprovoked assault (says the Castlemaine correspondent of the Argus) was committed on Saturday afternoon upon the Rev. Dr. A. R. Boyd M'Cay, Presbyterian minister at Castlemaiue. It appears that a farmer named Black, residing at Muckleford, has lately been living unhappily with bis wife, and ae Dr. M'Cay had united the couple in the bonds of matrimony some time ago, Mrs Black interviewed him on Saturday relative to the unpleasantness with ber husband. Black heard she was at the Presbyterian manse, and promptly proceeded thither. He saw Dr. M'Cay in bis study, and commenced to belabour bim with a large blackthorn stick. Dr. M'Cay madje his escape from the study, aud Black forced bis band through the glass door in the attempt to strike him. Failing to do so, however, Slack rushed outside, and again assaulted his victim. Assistance fortunately arrived, aud the rey. gentleman was saved from further maltreatment. The police were summoned, and Black, who is e sturdily-built man, was taken to the lockup. Dr. M'Cay is suffering a good deal from the bruie.ee be received from bis assailaut. 