THE DAY WILL COMB. By M. E. BKADDON. Author of "Ladt acdttrts <3«ckjrr," "Vixen," "Ishmahi,," "Like and Un- likk," "The Fatal Three," Ac., Ac. Chapter XXVI.— (Continued.) But will honor make a man blind to beauty, deaf to tho musio of a voice, impervious to the subtle charms of all that is purest, best and loveliest iu womanhood? Theodore began to think that ho had done wrong in bringing hi« friend within tho orbit of irresistible charms. " I was n fool to think that he could help himself ; I was a worse fool to suppose that she will ever care for me — the humdrum cousin whom bIio has known all her lifo — tho country solicitor whose image sho has always associated with leases and bills of dilapidation — a littlo more than a bailiff, and a little less than a gentleman." They had disposed of the dog cart to the village ostler, who was expiating the jovial self- indulgence of the Saturday night in the jwni- tential sleepiness of Sunday morning, nnd they were in their places in tho grey old church whon Lady Cnrmichael came to the chancel pew. Theodore's watchful eyes fol lowed her from her entranco in a halo of sun shine, which was suddenly obscured as tho cur tain dropped behind her, to tho moment when she bowed lier head in prayer. He had seen her face brighten as sho passed the pew where bo and bis friend wero sitting, and he told himself tliat it was Cuthbert's presence which conjured up that happier light in her soft, dark eyes. On tlio walk from the church to the Priory -it was with Cntlibprh she talked — O'lhbert- tho irrepressible, who liad so much to say tliat he must needs find listeners. It was Cutlibort who sat next her at luncheon, and who engrossed her at ton tion through out the meal. It was Cutlibort who' went through tlie hothouses, fern houses and green houses with her after luncheon, and gave her practical lessons in botany arid etymology as tliey went along, nnd who promised her some Austrian frogs. The day was ono long triumph for Cutlibort Ramsay, and ho gave himself iip to the intoxication of tho hour as a drunkard surrenders to strong drink, unconditionally! without thought of the morrow. " "What do you think of your friend's infatua tion now?" asked Janet, with her most biting accent, as she and Theodore followed -in the pro cession through tho houses, she1 carc-fully pic:- ing up her gown at every one of those tncher- ous corner puddles which are -to be found in the best regulated hothouses. "Have you any doubt in your mind now ?" "No. I have-no doubt." The carriages wore at the doori half ati hour afterwards, and all through-tho homeward flrive Cuthbert was silent as the grave. Only as they came into Dorchester did ho find speech to say — " I shall havo to go back to town early to morroiv moriiing, Theodore ! " " So soon ? What an unquiet spirit y on- axe. You'll come back to us next Friday or -Saturday. I hope?" "I din't know. I'll try; .but I'm rather afraid I can't." Theodore did not press the point, and Ms friend kept his word, and' left by the - first train on Monday morning, after having been itol- orabiy stupid on -Sunday evening, according to tho sisters, who were disposed to think them selves especially illuscd by Mr. Ramsay's obvious infatnation for Lady Carmichael. "I wos beginning to respecffiluanita for her conduct in the difficult position of a young widow," said Sophia, " but I begin to fear that she is no better than the rest of- them, and that her leaving off crape- upon her 'last gowns is a sign that she means to marry again before the second year of her widowhood is over." Lady Cheriton's rose , garden waa'in dririgrr from a failure of the water in that old-fashioned well, which had hitherto supplied the flower gardens. There lia'd been an unusually long spell of. dry weather since the.beginningof July, and tho gardeners were in despair, 'When ' Theodore went over to tho Chase witE'his port manteau, in accordance with an engagemeitt made tho previous week, he. found that Lord ! Cheriton had that morning given ; an order for tho drilling of the old well 'from 20 to 30 feet deeper. " Thero is plenty.-of water, my lord," said the head gardener, "if wo only go deep -enough for it." ' "Very well, Mackenzie, go as deep. as' you like, solong as you don't go below the water bearing strata. You had better put .on plenty bf hands. Her ladyship is uneasy about 'her roses, seeing how yon have been Btintirig them lately." . , . "It has been hard work,, my lord, to do our dutyby the roses, and keep the lawfis in decent order. "The ground would be as hard as iron if wo didn't uso a good 'deal of water for ' the grass." "Get to work, Mackenzie, and don't waste time in talking about it. Drive -over to Gadby's, and tell him to send some good men." The conversation took-place -upon the terrace directly after Theodore's arrival ; and "ivhen tho gardener had gone off to the stables to get the dog cart of all work Lord Cheriton. and his cousin walked in the direction of the well. The well wa3 in- one of the kitchen gardens, quite the oldest bit of garden ground at Cheri ton, a square. garden of about two acres, shut in with high-crumbling old red brick walls, upon wliieli .grew blue gages and William pears, egg plums nnd apricots, attaining more or less perfection as. the aspect favored tbera. It was 1 a pleasant garden to dream in upon a summer afternoon, for there was an air of superabundant growth that was almost tropical: in the century old espaliers, albeit thoy had long ceased to pro duce meritorious pears and apples, and iu tlie sprnwlingleaves and yellow blossoms of the vege table marrows, which seemed to be grown for no purpose except to produce champion gourds or pumplenis, to bo ultimately hung up as orna ments in the gardener's cottage, or to rot in a corner of a greenhouse. ' There is always one old greenhouse in such a garden given over to preserving spiders and accumulating rubbish. In the middle of a vegetable marrow warren stood the well— n well of 4 feet in diameter, surrounded by a low brick wall, of that same bright red brick wliioh crumbled behind the blue gages and tlie ega plums, and in which tha birds peeked great caverns, for very wantonness. It was a well of the old pattern, with a ponderous wooden rollet and an iron spindle, which had wound up water from tliose same eool depths for over a hundred years. It liad run dry often, in the time of the Strangways, that good old - well ; but no .Strangway bad ever thought of', improv ing anything upon the estate, so in seasons ot drought the flowers had drooped and the turf liad withered unheeded by the proprietorial eye. Mr. Gadby's men appeared after their dinner hour, and got seriously to work by about 3 oclock, at which hour Theodore arid Lady Cheriton were strolling in the rose garden after lunch, whilo tlie master of the house sat in the library reading. Theodore had observed a marked change in liis consiu sinoo his last visit to Cheriton. Thero was a worried look in her face, which had not been there even after tlio shock of tho murder, a look of nervous apprehension, whjcli 'showed itself from time to time in n countcnanco whero firmness of character and an absolute fearlessness had been hitherto tiie strongest characteristics. He had not yet told liis cousin the result of his interview with Mercy Porter. He had waited till an opportunity for quiet, confidential talk should come about naturally, and that opportunity now occurred. Lady Ohcriton left him after half an hour's sauntering inspection of the roses, nnd lie went through tlie opcii win dow into tlie library were Lord Cheriton sat inliis large arm-chair at l:i3 own particular table, reading the political survey in tlio last Quarterly. "Shall I he disturbing you if I sit here?" asked Theodore, taking a volume from tlie'table where tho newest books were always to bs found. . " On tho contrary, I shall be v<5ry glad of a littlo conversation. I liavo ' been struggling through nn analysis of'last session, which is alt weariness anil vexation of spirit. The session was dull, tho commentary is dullqr. I am anxious to know how you got on 'with Mrs. Porter's daughter." "Very badly, I regret to say, fgogj. onr point of view. She utterly rejects :Jtpi)j- genorput offer. Sho piefers hor present hriid life, with its independence. She will aottpt no obligation from anyone." "Humph I She must bfc a curirai pcuflg woman," said Lord Chariton, with a vexod air. " I should havo liked vory muoh to havo tnado her life bright and easy if she would havo lot mo — tor her father's sake. On what ground did he refuse my oSor ?" " On tho ground of preferring to work for her living, nnd to live a hard life. Sho lias taken that upon herself, I believe, as an expin; tion for hor past errors, although she did toot say that in so many words. She ia wonderfully firm. I never saw such a resolute temper in so young — and so gentle mannered— woman." " It ou tried to overcome hor objections, you represented to her liow easy ond pleasant hor life might bo in somo picturesque village— among the hills and lakes, or by tbo sea — and how sho might livo among pooplo who would know nothing of bar past history, who would grow to care for hor and bo fond of hor for hor own sake ? " " I urged all this upon hor, I am as anxious as you are that sho should leave that dreary attic that monotonous labor — but nothing I oould say was of tho least uso. Sho was resolute— ho would accept nothing from you." " From me — all, that is it 1" cried Lord Che- riton, suddenly. "Had tho offer como from anyone else she might havo beon less stubborn. But from mc sho will tako nothing — not a loaf of bread if she wore starving. That is the explanation of her hardnoss— it is to mc sho is adamant. Tell me the truth, Tlioodore. Don't spare my feelings. This girl hates mo, I suppose?" "I fear sbo has a deeply rooted prejudice against you, She may— most unjustly— blamo you tor her misery, becauso Colonel Tremayno was your friend." « Yes, inai is iter feenujj 110 uoubb ; H ia ou that account she hates mo. Perhaps she is justified in her nngor. I ought to have shot that scoundrel. Had I lived 50 -years sooner I suppose I should havo shot him." "I don't think you could havo been called upon to do that even by tho old code of honor. Mercy was not allied to you " "No, but she dwolt at my gates. She was under my protection — she hud no other man living to defend hor. I ought to havo punished her seducer — it was incumbent on me to do it. Becauso thero was no ono else," ho added slowly i after a slight pause. " It may bo on that account sho rejects your generous offer. I cannot say, but there was oertainly some strong personal prejudice on her part. Sho was deeply moved. She burst into a passion of sobs. " Not from him," she cried, " I will accept nothing from him. Of all tho men upon this earth ho shall be tho last to help me !" Lord Cheriton flung the Quarterly from him with a passionate gesture, as he started up and began to walk up and down tho long cloar space in front of the five windows. u Theodoro" he said suddenty, 41 You have not yet come face to face with nil the problems of life. Porhaps you have not yet found out how hard it is to help people. I would havo given much to bo able to help that girl — to assure hor an easy and reputable existence — tho requirements of life amidst pleasant surround ings. "What would it matter to mo whether I allowed her one hundred or two hundred a year? A11 I desiro is that her life should be happy. And of deliberate malico — of sheer perversity— she rejects my help, she dooms herself to the seamstress's slavery, and to a garret in Lambeth. My God, to think that with all the will and ail tho power to help her I cannot coino between her and that sordid misory. It is hard, Theodoro, it is vory hard on a man liko me. Thore is nothing I need of this world's goods that I have not worked for honestly, and when I want to do gpod for others with what I have won I am barred by their folly. It is enough to make me mad." Never before had Theodore soen this solf- abandonment in his stately cousin, the man who bore in every tone and every gesture tho impress of the acknowledged ascendancy over his fellow- men. To see such a man as this so completely unhinged , by a wom&u;'s perversity was a new thing to Theodore Dalbrook ; and his heart went out to his kinsman as it had never done before. "Mr. dear Cheriton, you have done all that was in your power to do for that mistaken young woman," he said, holding out his hand, which the elder man grasped warmly. 41 What ever wrong you may havo unwittingly brought about by the presence of a blackguard under your roof, you have done your best to atone for that wrong — the most sensitive, tho most punctilious of men could do no more." "I thank you, Theodore, for your sympathy. Yes, I have dono my best for hor — you will bear Witness to that." 41 A father could scarcely do mora for on erring daughter. I only wish her mother felt half as kindly towards her as you, upon whom her laim ie so slight." 41 No, no ; it ia a substantial claim. Sho is fatherless, aud her mother ia dependent upon me. I stand, as it were, in loco parentis. Well, we will say no more about her ; she must go her own way. Only, if ever you find an opportunity of helping hor — for me, you will do mo a great favor by taking prompt advantago of it." 44 1 shall gladly do so. I am interested in her for her own sake, as well as for yours." 44 You aro a good fellow, Theodore, and I know you wish us well. I .will go a step further than that, and say I know that I can trust you." This was said with an earnestness which impressed Theodore. It seemed to him almost as if his kinsman foresaw that inevitable hour in which there must be perfect unreserve between them — in which the youngor man would have to say to his senior aud superior in rank, I know the secret of your earlier years, I know the dark cloud that has overshadowed your life. They talked for a little while of in- different subjects, and then Lord Cheriton pro posed a stroll in tho direction of the well. 14 1 should liko to sec whether those follows have begun work," he said. The old garden looked its sleepiest iu the westering sunlight, but thero was business going on thoro nevertheless, and a great boap of damp clny had been flung out by the sido of tho low brick parapet. Two men wero at work below, and thero were two men above, while a fifth, a foreman and leading light, looked on and gave directions. 44 Glatf to see you've tackled tho job, Carter," said Lord Cheriton. 44 Yos, my lord, weVo got on to it protty well. Could I havo a word with your lordship ?" 44 Certainly, as many words as you like. How mysterious you look, Carter. There is nothing in your communication that Mr. Dalbrook ia not to hear, I suppose?" 41 No, my lord, Mr. Dalbrook don't matter, but I thought you wouldn't care for everybody to know, lest it should get round to her ladyship, and give her a scaro. " 14 What aro you driving at, Carter, with your ladyship's aud your scares? Have you soen a ghost at the bottom of tho well ? " 44 No, my lord, but tho men found this in tho surface clay, and I thought it might havo some bearing upon — last year — tho murder." He dropped out his words hesitatingly, as if he hardly dared approach that ghastly theme, and then took something from his pooket and handed it to Lord Cheriton. It was a Colt's revolver, by no menus of the newest make, rusted by lying long under water. The foreman had amusod his leisuro since the discovery in trying to rub off the rust with a large cotton handkerchief, assisted by his cor duroy coat sleeve, and had succeeded in polish ing a small silver plate upon the butt of the pistol so as to make the initials 4,T. D." en graved upon it easity decipherable. Thero was not much in tlio discovery, por haps, but by the ghastly change in Lord Oheri- ton's face, Theodore saw that to him at least it appeared of supremo importance. Ilia hand shook as it held the pistol, his eyes had a look of absolute horror as thoy scrutinised it; and nothing could be inoro obvious thun the effort with which he controlled his agitation, and looked from tho builder's foreman to Theodoro with an assumption of tranquility. 44 It may mean much, or nothing, Carter," he said, putting tho pistol iu hia pookot. 44 It was quite right of you to bring tho matter before me." 44 1 thought tho initials on tho pistol might lead to something being found out, my lord," said the foreman, who wished to make tho most of his find. 44 1 don't think thero can be roueh doubt the murderor chucked it in there. " 44 Don't you? I have gone Into tho subjcot of circumstantial evidence a little deeper than you have, Carter ; it was my trade, don't you know, just as laying bricks was yours, and I can toll you that the odds are ton to one against this pistol having belonged to the murderer Do you think it liktly that the man who shot Bii Godfrey Carmiohael would havo gone out of his way to throw his pistol down tiiat particular well?" 44 1 don't know about that, my lord, it would have been a very safe hiding place, if the water hadn't given out — aud it would be iu his way if he were making for tho west gate. Ho could hardly have taken a shorter cut than aoross this garden." 44 Perhaps not— If both gates aro open at night." 44 1 don't think anybody ever saw them shut, my lord, night or day," answered Carter, with respectful persistency. Theodoro knew by the vory look of tho clumsy wooden door, pushed back against tho old wall, with rusty hinges, and with tlio tendrils of vine or plum treo growing ovor their edges, that the man was right. Tho path across this garden and tho next garden lod in a direct lino to the west lodge, and it waa this way by whioh tho sorvants went on most of their errands to tho village. The one idea suggested by tho choice of that hiding plaoo was tiiat tho person who throw away that pistol was familiar with tho pro mises. The woll was about 30 feet away from tho path, and screonod off iu somewiso by tho old ospaUers. There was a gap in tho espaliers whero an ancient and cankered applo tree had boon taken out, and it was by this opening that tho gardeners generally wont to draw water. Thoy had trodden a bard foot track in their going and ooming. It was always possible that a stranger exploring tho grounds furtively and in haste might have been sharp enough to hit upon the well as a safe and handy hiding-piaco. It would, of oourse, have been vital to tho mur- ueior lo get nu vi uia nvupOu i»3 30CH ZS lie could after the deed was done, lest he should bo taken red-handed and with that piece of evideuoo upon him. Tlioodore saw in that pistol with tho initials " T.D." confirmatory ovidenoo against ths hus band of Mrs. Danvors, tho ono person in the world who had good ground for an undying hatred of Lord Chariton and his raoo. Ho mado no remark upon thu discovery of thewnapon, fear ing to say too muoh ; and ho waited quietly to soe how his kinsman would act in tho matter. That ghastly ohango in Lord Ohcriton's countenance as he examined tha. pistol suggested that ho had. como to tho somo conclusion ns Theodore. Remorse and horror oould hardly have been more plainly oxpresscd by tbe human counten ance, and what remorse could bo more terrible than that of the man who saw tho sin of his youth visited upon his innocent daughter? " Shall you toko any stops with reference to this discovery ?" askod Theodore, when thoy had gono hall way book to the house, in absolute silenoo. " What steps oan I toko, do you think ? Send for another London detective — or for tho same man again — and give Uim this pistol ? To what end? He would bo no nearer finding tho murderer becauso of tho finding of tho pistol." "The initials might load to identification." "Did you never hear of such a thing as a seoondhand pistol? And do yon think an assassin would make use of a pistol with his own initials upon it to commit murder 1 I do not." "Not tho professional assassin — but are all agreed that this murder was an act of von- gsnncc — for some reason at present unknown — and the semi-lunatic who would commit murder for suoh a motive would not bo likely to do liis work very neatly. His brain would be fevered by passion or alcohol, in all probability, and ho would go to work blindly. " "That is no more than a theory, my doar Theodore, ond my experience has shown mo that such theories are generally falsified by fact. Tho murder was so far neatly done that the murderer got clanr off, in spite of a most rigorous search. I doubt if the pistol, with initials which may belong to anybody in tho world, will help us to track him after a year and a half." "Then you mean to do nothing in the matter ?" " I think not. I cannot seo my way to doing anything at present — but if you like to tako the pistol to Bcotland Yard and seo what impression it makes upon the experts thero — " "I should much like to do so. I cannot ignore tho fact that so long as Sir Godfrey's murderer remains undiscovered there is a possibility of porll for y"ou and for Juanita, and for Juanita's child. Who can tell whether that deadly hatrod is appeased — whether the man who killed your daughter's husband is not on the watch to kill you or your daughter — when ho sees his oppor tunity ?" "As for myself, Theodore, I must take my chance. I would to God that the ball had struck me instead of Godfrey. Itwould havebeon bettor — a lighter chastisement. I have lived my life. I have done all I ever hoped to do in this world. A fow yoars, more or less, could mnttcr very little to me. And yet, lifo is sweet, Theodore, life is sweet ! However heavily wo are handicapped, wo most of us would ohooso to finish our race. " There was Infinite melancholy in his tone, tho melancholy of a man who saes tho shadows of a great despnir darkening round him, the melan choly of a man who gives up the contest of life, and feels that ho is beaten. " Do not say anything to my wife about this business," bo snid, " let hor bo happy as long as sho can. She has not forgotten last summer, hut she is beginning to be something like what sho was before that blow fell upon us. The advent of Juanita's baby has worked wonders. There is something to look forward to in that child's existence— life is no longer a out-tie- sac." " There is one thing to bo done," said Theo doro, nftcr an interval of silenco. "Tho ballot was kept, of oourse." "Yes, it is in tho possession of tho police, I believe." "Would it not be well to nsoertain if it fits tho pistol you havo in your pocket ?" " Yes. I will go to tho station to-morrow and look into that." Thoro was no more said about the pistol that evening. Theodore felt that it would bo cruelty to dwell upon the subject, seeing that his kins man had beon deeply affected by the discovery, ond that he was oppressed by a gloom which lie strove in vain to slinkc off. It wa9 evident to Theodore that those initials on the pistol had a fatal significance for Lord Ohoriton, that ho rceognised in those initials the ovideuco of an injured husband's revenge, the long-hoarded wrath of a dogged vindiotiveness, a hotrod which was inextinguishable by timo. Uo told bimsolf that tho hardiness of that rcvengo might be accounted for by various con tingencies, any one of which would lesson tho improbability of that long interval between tho wrong dono and the retribution exacted. It might bo that tho murderer had been an oxilo, a wanderer in a distant world. It might be that he had been a criminal languishing in a Colon's prison, nursing his angor in the dull, dead days of penal servitude. Suoh things have been. It was clear to Theodore Dalbrook that in those initials upon theOolt's revolver lay theoluo to tho murdoror, and that Lord Cheriton shrank with horror from the revelation whioh thoso' two lotters might bring about. Yet, whatever ovil might como upon tho master of Ohoriton out of tho secret past, it was vital that tbo mur derer should be found, lost his second orimo should be more hideous than his first, and Theodore was resolved that ho would Bparo no effort In tho ondoaYor to find him, living or dead. " God grant that I may find a grave rather than tho living man," he thought, "for Chori- ton's sake. God grant that he may be spared the humiliation of having his story told to all the world. " He wont into Cheriton villago early upon tho following afternoon, ond dropped in upon tho dootor, an old inhabitant, whose father and grandfather before him had prescribed for all tho parish, rich and poor. Mr. Bogle, par excel lence Dr. Bogle, was a bachelor, a spare, sliarp- visaged man of about 40, social and expansive, a koon sportsman, and a good billiard player, n man whose lines had been set in pleasant places, for ho had inherited a roomy old cottage, with capacious stabling, and 20 ncrcs of tho flattest meadow land in Cheriton parish, and he led exactly that kind of life which his soul loved. It would have been actually no gain to such a man to have changed places with Baron Kothsohild or Lord Salisbury. Ho would have boon in all that constitutes human happiness a loser by such an exchange. So cheery a person was naturally popular in a narrow world liko Oberiton, and Mr. Bogle was a general favorite, a favorite iu polite society, and in tbe billiard room at the Chcri- 1 ton Arms, whloli, In default of any olub, servod ' as tho afternoon and evening rendezvous for lawyer, dootor and tho tenant farmois of a gen- ;.L»W null elan — the iiuock-Irosk firmer and j tradespeople baring their own particular i meeting place at tho Old Houso at Home, a small inn at tho other cud of tho villago. Theodoro had known Mr. Boglo from his childhood, aud tho medical advisor of Cheriton was. an occasional dropper in ot tho luncheon table in Cornhlll, when business transactions with his tailor or his banker took him to the county town. There was nothing unusual therefore iu Theodore's afternoon call at tho Doveootes, a somewhat picturesque name whioh had been given to tho dootor's domicile by his predecessor, who had devoted his later years to an ardent cultivation of Bnrbs and Jncoblns, with prodigious wattlos, and who had covered a quarter of an acre of garden ground with pigeon's liousos of various construction. Theodora found Mr. Boglo smoking liis after noon pipo in tho seclusion of his surgery. He liad mado a long morning lound, had driven something between 20 nuil 30 miles, and con sidered himself entitled to what ho oalled his otium cum whisky and water, whioh refresh ment stood on a small tablo at his olbow, while he lolled in his capacious easy chair. He welcomed his visitor with effusion, aud insisted on calling for anothor syphon, aud having another little tabic arrayed at the elbow of the other easy chair. " Make yourself comfortable, old chap, and let ns havo a jaw," ho said. "I haven't seen you for ages. Are you at the Chase ? " They talked of tlio usual village topics, glanced at tiio great world of politics, speoulatod upon tho prospects of tho shooting season, and then Theodore approached the real business ot his visit. " There is a fellow I nm interested in from a business point of view." he began, " who has beon hanging about this plaoo, off and on, for the last 25 years, I believe, though I liavo never happened to meet him. He is a drink ing man, and altogether a bad lot ; but it is my business to hunt him down." " On account of some property, I suppose ?" " Yes, on account of somo property. Now, I know what an observer you aro, Boglo. what a wonderful moinory you have " " I haven't wasted it up in London," inter jected Bogle. "A week in Oxford-street, and tho Strand would take 10 years of my memory. It's protty clear at present, thank God. Well, now, what about this fellow, what kind of a fellow is he— a gentleman or a cad?" " Ho was once a gontleman, but ho may have tumbled pretty low by this time. ' Ho was going down hill at a good pace 25 yoars ago. "Egad then he must be at tho bottom of tho hill by this time, I take it. What is he like — fat or lean, dark or fair, short or tall ?" "A tall man, fair complexion, a man who had onco been handsome, a showy looking man," answered Tlioodore, quoting the liouso agent. "That will do, yes, just such a man as that was at the Arms one night — six — eight — upon my word I believo it most havo been ten years ago. A man who put in a good deal of side, though his clothes wore no end seody — ragged edges to his trousers, don't you know — and though his hand shook liko an aspen leaf. I played a fifty game with him, and I should say, though I beat him easy, that he had onco been a fine player. Ho was in wretched form, poor creature, but " "Ten years ago. Do you really think it was as long ago you snw him ?" "I know it was. It would be in aeventy- four, that was the year Potter was returned for Weymouth. I remember wo wore all talking of the election the night that fellow was there — a tall, fair man, a wreck, but with all the traco of former good looks. I fancy lie must have been a soldier. He slept at the Arms that night, and I met him rather early noxt inorniug, before 9 o'ctook, coming away from the Chaso — met him within ton yards of the west lodgo." " Did he talk about Lord Cheriton?" "A good deal — talked rather wild, too — and would havo blackguarded your cousin if wo hadn't shut him up pretty sharply. He pre tended to have been intimate with him before he made his way at the bar, aud he talked in the venomous way a man who has been a failure very often does talk about a man who has beon a success. It's only human nature, I suppose. There's a good spiee of vonom in human nature." " Have you never seen this man at Cheriton since that occasion — never within tho last ton yoars ?" " Novor, and I should be inclined, looking at tho gentlemen from a professional point of view, to believe that ho must havo been under the turf for a considerable portion of that period. I don't think ho would havo had three years' lifo in the man I played billiards with that evening. Hard lines for him, poor boggar, if there was property coming to him. He lookod as if ho wantod it bad enough." " What had ho heou doing at tho Ohaso, do you suppose ?' " I haven't the least idea. I was driving in my cart when I passed him. I looked back and watched him for two or thrco minutee. Ho was walking vory slowly and with a languid, air, like a man who was not muoh used to walking, Ton yoars — no, Theodore — T don't think it's possiblo suoh a shaky object as that could havo lasted 10 yoars. Ono oertainly does seo very miserable creatures orawling on for years- after they havo seemed ticketod for tho under taker — but this man — no — I don't think he could hold out long after that Ootober morning. I fancy he was booked for a quick passage. " " He may have pulled himself together and turned over a uow leaf." " Too old, and too far gono for that." " Or what if he had dono something bnd and got himself shut up for a fow years ?" "Penal servitude do you moan? Woll, that might do something ! It's a very severe regimen for tlio habitual drunkard — and it moans kill or cure. In this coso I should say decidedly kill." "But it might cure." "I should think tiie ohances of oure were as two in two hundred. I won't say it would he impossible, not having examined the patient — but so far as observation can toach a man any thing, observation taught mo that tho oaso was hopeloss." "And yot it is my belief that thi3 man was at Cheriton somo time last year. You know ovorybody, and talk to everybody, my doar Bogle. I wish you'd find out for me whether I am right ?" " I'll do my host," answered Mr. Bogle cheer fully. " If the man has been seen by anybody in the villago I ought to bo nblo to hoar about him. Everybody was tremendously on the qttivivc last year after the murder, and no stranger oould have escaped observation." "Perhaps not — but before tlio murder " " Anybody who had been seon shortly before tho murdor would have bcon remembered and talked about. You can havo no idea of tho in tense excitement that event oaused amongst us. We seemed to talk of nothing else, and to think of nothing else for months. "And you suppose that if the man I want had been about— for a few hours only, just long enough to come and go away again at about that time, he would havo been observed and remembered V " I am suro of it. Ho would havo inevitably boen taken for the murderer. Remember, we were all on tho alert, ready to fix the first suspioious looking person with the crime." "Do you think Johnson would remomber Hie man ?" "Johnson was tho proprietor of the Ohoriton Arms." ' My dear fellow, did yon ever find Johnson's memory availablo about any transaction six months old ? Johnson's memory is steopod in beor, buried in flesh. Johnson isa perambulating tower of forgotfulness — a cireumambulatory hogshead of stupidity. Ask Johnson to toll you the Christian name of his grnndmothor, and I would vonture a new hat ho would bo unable to answor you. There is notiiing to bo got out of Johnson. Bo suro of that." "I'm afraid you're right," said Theodore. He felt as if he had como to a point at which thero was no thoroughfare. Thero was tho pistol, with tho initials "T.D.," and ho liad mado up his mind that the man for whom those initials had been cngravod was the man who gave his namo as Danvers when ho called upon tho houso agent, the man whose wifo had been known for years as ' Mrs. Danvers. Ho had inado up his mind that this man and no other had murdorod Godfrey Carmichael — that many years after tho wife's death tho husband had returned from exile or imprisonment, embittered so much the more, so muoh the more vindictive, so much tbe more malignant for all that ho had suffered in that interval, and had taken the first opportunity to attack a hated household. That he would st'riko again if ho should beailowed to live and be at large Theodore bad uo doubt. Aseoondmurder, and a murdtr, (Mm«d the natural MquMM of it lie first. Ho remembered the murders of the Jennys at StauflcUl Hull — the sai-ago hatred - which tried to slay four people, two of whom wero utterly unconcerned with tho wrong that called for vengoance. In the faeo of euoh a etory as thai of the murdorcr Rush, who oouhl say tiiat Theodore's apprehension of an lnsati- ablo hatred wreaking itself in furthor blood shed vtuh groundless ? He left tho Dovcootoe disheartened, hardly 1 knowing what bis noxt step was to bo, and very bopoloss of tracking a man who liad so oontrivod as to bo unseen upon bis deadly errand. Ho must have come and gono verily liko a tbiof in tho night, sheltered by darkness, meeting no ono ; and yot there was the evidcnco of tho ser vants at tho inquost, who swore to having hoard mysterious footsteps outside the houso late nt night upon more than ono oocasiou shortly before tho murder. If the murdoror had boon about .upon several nights, creeping round by tbo open windows of tlio reception rooms, watching his opportunity, what liad ho dono with himself in tho day, whoro had ho hidden himself, how hail be evaded tho prying eyes of a village, which is all oyos, all ears for tho uncxplniuod stranger? (To be continual). 