Religion and . dv-7iid Philanthropy. Heaven's Song to Jesus. By tbb'Rsy. O. H. Spubqeon. And hast mado ua unto our God kings and Sriests; and .we shall reign on the earth.— ev--v. 10. Ijfcheaven the white-robed multitude praise Christ, not merely sb their Mediator and as | Redeemer, but as the Donor of their dignities. They are kings and reign. We, too, aro kings, •nt aa yet we are not known or recognised, and often we ourselvefl forget our high descent. Up there there are crowned monarch", but they say, "Thou hast made us kings." They are priests, tog aa wo arc now, everyone of us. When a man oomea . forward in all sorts of curious garments, and says he is a priest, the poorest child of God may say, "Stand away, and do not interfere with my office. I am a priest. I know [not what you may be. You \- surely must be a priest of Baal, for the only mention of the word vestments in Scripture is in oonnection with the temple of Baal." The priesthood belongs to all the saints. They sometimes, call you laity, bat the Holy Ghost s»ys(oi all the saints, " Ye are God's oleroB ye are God's olergy: Every ehild of God is a clergyman or a olergywoman. There are no priestlydistinotionsknowninScripture. Away with them 1 I would sooner a man pointed at me in the.street and called me a devil, than called' ;ine a priest; for, bad aa the devil has been, he has hardly been able to match the crimes, oneirics, and villainies which have been transacted under the cover of a seorot priest hood. From that may we be delivered; bur the priesthood of God's saints, the priesthood of holiness, which offers prayer and praise unto God—this they have in heaven; but they say of it, "Thou hast made us priests." What the saints are, and what they aro to be, thny ascribe to Jesus. They have no glory but what they received from him, aud they know it, and are perpetually confessing it. Let oar hearts sing with the redeemed: "All for Jesus, for all is from Jesus! All for Jesns, for Jeans haB given us all we have." Let us, dear friends, begin that music | here. In heaven they adoro the Saviour as ' Divine. I am not straining the words of ray text at all, but keeping the whole passage before me. If you read the two ohapters you will find that while they sing to God, " Thou art .worthy, 0 Lord, to lece'vo honour an d glory and power," they sing to tho Lamb, •'Worthy is'the Lamb that was Blain, to re ceive power and riohes and wisdom." The ascriptions which are given to the Creator are also offered to the Lamb, and He is represented as sitting on the same throne. Mark carefully that the adoration whioh they give to Him He does not resent. When John fell down to wor ship one of the angels he received an earnest protest, "See thon do it not;" Nowj if the worship given to Christ had been wrong, the thrioo holy Saviour would have exclaimed most"earnestly, "See thou do it not"; but He intimates no objeotion to the worship, although it is freely rendered by all the celestial intelligences that are before the throne. . Da pendupon it, my hearer, you will never go to heaven, unless you are prepared to- worship Jesns Christ as God. They are all doing it "there.. . Yon will have to onme to it; and if yon -entertain, the notion that He is a mere man or ■thatHAis anything less than God, I am afraid St} will have to begin at the beginning and ttu what true religion means. Yon have a -perm foundation to rest upon. I could not rtruat my bouI with a mere man. or believe in .aa.atonement made by a mere .man. I most see God Himself putting His hand to so gigantic a work. I cannot imagine a mere jtnsn being thus praised as the Lamb is praised. .Jesus is " God over all, blessed for over." '.When. we ever speak at all severely of .Booinians and Unitarians, you must not be snr 'ijirfaeii'at it, because if we are right, they are blasphemers, and if they are right, we are idolaters, and there is no choioe between the two. We never could agree and never shall, •while the world standetb. We preach Christ the Son of God as very God of very God, and :if;they reject Him, it is net for us to pretend that it makes no difference, when in fact it "makes all the difference in the world. Wo wonld not wish to say more than they believe ; to.be true, and they must not oxpecs us to say less than we believe to be true. If Jesus be "God, they must believe it, aud must warship •Him as suob, or else they [cannot participate io :'tbe salvation whioh He has provided. I love "the .deity of Christ, I proaoh His humanity 'with'all my might, and I rojolce that He is the -Son of Man, but, ob, He must ho the Son of cGod too, or there is no peaco for mo. Till God in human flush I ace, • "Illy thoughts no comfort Hod; Tho holy, just, and Baored Threo .Aro terrors to my inhid. . . But if Emmanuel's face appear, ■ . . My hopo, my Joy begins; His uamo forbids my slaviah fear. His grace removes my Hius. , .You soo the opinion they have, of Jesus in heaven. ; Mv dear friends, are you of the same \- mind with them ? You will never go there till you aro. There are no sects in heaven—no two -parties" They hold tho same view about Jesus ' there.' Let me ask you then, aro you of the '"samepersuasion as the glorified saints? They [ praise Jesus for what He baH done. It is very Wonderful'to my mind that when they are adoring the Saviour, they toom to strike that ond " key: They praise Him for what Ho.liaa done, and they praise Him for wl-at He has done for them. They might have praised Him lor what Ho ib, but in the text they do not. Now, this reason which has such sway iu heaven is the very same whioh moves us hero: "Wo love Him beoauho Ho first loved up," and tm if to show* that thin bind of lovo is not tin inferior love, the love ofp.ratvtuda t-cemp to b* tho very sum and subsfaboe ot tho love of heaven: KThbu wast slain, and: \yv&t; redeemed us." Please to notice that the redemption they fling about in heaven is not general redemp tion. It is particular redemption. "Thou hast redeemed na to God by Thy blood out of every kindred; and tongue, and peoplo, and nation.''r They do not speak of the redemptions out of every tongne, and peoplo, and nation. I thank God I do not believe that I was redeemed in the same way that* Judas was and no more. If - bo, I-'shall go to hell, as Judas did. General redemption is not worth anything to anybody, for of itself it eeoureB to no one a place in heaven; but the special redemption which does redeem, and redeem men out of the rest oii man kind, is" the redemption that is to he prayed for, and for which we shall praise Goi for ever and ever. Wo arc rodeemed from among men out of every kindred, and tongue, and peoplo, and nation by our Lord Jesus Christ. This redemption is one which is personally realised. Thou hast redeomcd us to God. Redemption is sweet, but " Thou has redeemed us" is sweeter still. If I can but believe He loved mo, and gave Himself for me, that will tune my tongae to sing Jehovah's praise, for whit said David ? " Oh that men would praise' the Lord for HiB goodness." He repeated that several times over, but it would never have been carried out, unless he had said, " Let the. redeemed of the Lord say so, whom He hath redeemed oat of the hand of the enemy.'' Iu vain he called upon others, their tongues were dedicated to their pleasures, but the redeemed of the Lord are a fit choir to magnify His name. Dear hearer, you have heard about Jesus hundreds of times, and of His death for sinners. Has he saved you? You know there is a fountain filled with blood, which cleanses from all sin; has it oleansed you? You know He has woven a robe of righteousness which covom His people from head to foot; has He covered you with it? You will neper praise Him, til! that is the case, and you cannot go to heaven,, till you are ready, for His praise. ".Well, but I go to my place of worship," So you may; hut that will not save you till you get a personal hold on Christ for youraelf. " Sly mother and father were godly people. I am glad they were; I Hope they will not have an ungodly eon. You must, however, have a personal religion—something done by Jesup Christ for you. Young woman over yonder, has Jesus Christ redeemed you from among the. mass of the people,-brought you oat from your sins, and separated you to* Himself? Have you had the blood applied to your soul—the precious blood of spriukliog, which speaks peaco in the conscience? Time is'flying,* and you have been hearers month after month. - Will it | always bo so ? Will yuu never cry" uuto God,' "Lord, let me know Thy redemption, let me have a share in the prec;ous blood, let ineV.be. washed from my sins?" Recollect, you racist be able to praise Him for whatv He has done for you, or else you are not of the opini.n of those in heaven, and into heaven you cannot come. i'i "f'.ilt' It is clear from the song' I have been reading that in the thoughts', of those} in ! heaven Christ is everybody, and everythingf.ta Christ bo with you ? It is a solemn question to | put to persons. Is Christ first and last ami i middle with you, top and bottom, foundation and pinnacle, all in all ? He kuowanpt Christ; who does not know that Christ is all.. Christ, and Company will never do. Christ is'the sole; Saviour, the sole trust,"the one prophet, pr'est, and king to all who accept Him. Is He every thing to you ? Ab, there are Borne win thiok they love Christ; they think they trust Chnifc; but if He were to come to tbeir house He would have a seat at the far end of tho table if they treated Him as tbey treat hiui now. They give Him part of the Sabbath day ; they were loafijg about all the worniug, ihey were only able to get here this evening, and evoa now they have uotoome to worship, but only out of curiosity. A chapter in the Bible—how long is it, young man, since you read one ? Private prayer—ab, I must not go into that; it is such. a sorry 6tory that you would have to tell. If anybody saia to you, "You aco not a Chris tian," you would bo ., offended. Well I will say it, and you may ba oifendedj if you like, but remember you should ^ be; | offended with yourself .rather than .."with me. If you offend my Lord I am not at all I afraid of your being off on d e d wi thH i s servant, 1 and therefore I tell you, if Christ bo auytbiug ebort of Lord aud King in your soul, Christ i and you are wide apart. . He must be in .tho front rank, Lord High Adwirdupou thine*, and commander-in-Chief on tho land. He is not going to bs a pitty officer, to coma in at your odd times to bo a lackey to you. . You xnuet take Run to b* Head, Lord, and Master. Is it so with you! If not, you diff=r from thnso iu heaven, for He is alliu all to them. Once more. Can you join with tho words of our text and say, " Ho is worthy, Ho is worthy?" I hopo there -are tunny here who, if they for a momont heard that full burst of gongbeforo the throne, " He is worthy, He is Worthy," would join it Miry heartily, aud say, •' Ay, Ho is worthy." I seemed a short time ago wbbn I was praying as if Ioould hear thuui sing, "He is worthy," and I could hardly re* strain myself from shouting, "Well s;ng ye so. j'e spirits before tho throne! He is worthy!" ' i we were to loose " our silenco for a inowout, and break the decorum wbiub" we havo obiorved through tho sermon, and with ono uuanimous shout cry, " Yes Ho is worthy," I think it would bo u fit thing to do. Jesus is worthy of my life, worthy of my love, worthy of everything T cuu say for hiin, worthy of a thousand times mora than that, worthy of all tho music and harps on earth, wcrthy of all the songs, of all the sweetest siugers, worthy of all tho poetry of tho best writers, worthy of" all the adoration of overy lmee, worthy of all that every man has or enn conceive, or can compass, worthy to be Kdored of all that are iu tho earth and under the earth, und-in the seu, and in tbg heaven*, and in the heaven of heavens. He is worthy. We say, " worthy," because wo can not tell how worthy. I thiok these good singers iu heaven de/ired to give to tho Laiub his due. and then they paused. And said to ♦hems?lves, " Wo oannofc give Him tho praise He deserves, but wo know that Ho is worthy. Wo oannot pretend to givo Him what tho is worthy of, bat we will say Ho is worthy" Yes, He is worthy. If I had fifty thousand lives in this poor body, He is worthy that they should ho poured out one after aoother_in martyrdom. One should be burned alive,' and another should be broken on the wheel, and another should be starved by inches, and another Bhonld be dragged at the ho?la of a wild horse, and He would deserve them all. He is worthy, and if wo had all the mines of India—silver and gold and gems, the rarest treasures of all tbo kings that ever lired—if wo wore to give it all up to Him,. and .go bare foot, He is worthy. , And- if. after having done that, we were to abide day and right iu perpetual work - without rest, all for i His sake, and' if cich one of us were 'multiplied into a million, and all of-us I laboured so, He is worthy. Worthy 1, I would mako every drop of dew sparkle with' His praise, and every lo?f in the forest bear His name. I would make every dell and every mountain vocal with adoration, «nd teach the stars, and teach the angels abovo the stars His praise. . . Let time and space become one mouth for song, all eternity sound forth that mighty word, "He is worthy." Do you feel that he ; is worthy ? If you do not, you canuot'bead mitted where they sing that song, for if you could enter there you would he unhappy. K ever hope to euter there until yonr sonl can say, "I have rested in "His blood, I am by it redeemed unto God, and the Kedeemcr is worthy; and I will bear witnca3 of His wortbi- | ness till time shall he no more, and glory dawn." - j God hleBS you all, for Jesus'a sake. Amen. 1 