WHY ('IAR E ]tIUSSELL , dAlAN DIONED) THE SEA. (e1i:w YOuii WOuLD.) Inl one very smnall particular indced I may claim to reocimblh: the poet WVordsworth: I tilt unm'4o w l, much or oft tetimehtt 'Sm -cn?l IIy ifteel.e with pcrsmmli tailk but having been asked to coutributo " some thing of a slim, an tobiographical claracter," it hloc occurred to Ime to convert thile proposal ilto an opportiunity. that I may lb enabled to answer a question which has been very often inut to me since the tirst of my ocean stories, "Thu Wreck of the Grosvenor," found a public in America. *Why did I give up the sea ? "Iflow did it laptpe1, Mr. Clark IRusell, that you should have a incdoned a vocation which you are never weary of writing about ? There ta noIta paeR in your novels but expresses you as an al uriet aatrirer of the deep in every phase of its variable mind. You create some fairy fabric of ship or yacht, and 'love it to vitality.' Whatmade you giveup the sea, then -you who are assuredly abretst of most inau tical men in appreciation of the manly as in ro luctance to adRnit the sombre characteristic of It calling that has hoisted your tight little island to the world's masthead ?" Tideis is the gist of a fair proportion of the letters I have received from a great number of correspondents in niall parts of America since I made my first nautical scrape. The recurrence of the question has positively grown teasing. I grasp, therefore, with avidity the chance now offered me to extinguish for ever, I hope, an almost stereotyied interrogatory : Why did I give up the sea?? I might asswer this in a single sentence: Because I was sick of it. What fruit do the idealisms of the schoolboy bear when the little creature swaggers with a badge upon his cap and a belt around his waist anid brass buttons upon his jacket ? ' I have plucked and caten of that growth, mid I protest there is nothing hin the romance and poetry of the ocean to render endurable td what I must term the memory of mypalito the sickening flavour of the pork the odious steamn of the peaesoup, the ilustiferblo smell of warni soup and boulliupon which I was regaled for over eight years of my young life. hBut to proceed eirtletically. It was in the last ship I ever served aboard of as at sailor. 1er matno was the I)uncaln Dunbar. She was a well-known Australihm tradeo and passenger craft named after her owner, a huge, fat, self. made purple.face Scotcluhman with a turtle-soup accent, it you know what that mseans, and some two millions sterling to his earnings. She was commanded by t typl of skipper nlow very nearly extinct, a figuro formed of oval slhanks and up and dotwn urnn, and carrot-shaped fingers curled like fish-hooks. In the centre of his crimson face shone i fiery pimple of a nose, on either stdo of which was it small rheumatic, deep-sunk eye. His ottone headgear, in storm or slhine, blow high, blow low, was at tall silk hat, a tolerably good one for Sunday and a shockingly bad ote -rusty as though still reflecting the angry blush of a stormy sunset-for week `days and nights. I wits this little old mat's third mate-no very distinctive position to fill, though it was not without its minute and vexatious duties ald responsibilitiee. Hle did not love m--he once caught tme mimicking him I was initating his walk and bearing, and loofing up at the break of the poop, I met his eye. There was not much of it, indeed, to meet, but what little there wits shone with resentment like the glowing end of a cigarette. A ROW WITHt THIE CA'rAINr. HIe durst not challenge my meanuing, for I was acting before a ituluber of passengers, anid lan explanationt must havo proved more eum barrassing to hilt than to me; but he was afterwavrds always on the look-out to punish by hulmiliating te. As an example, an order was given to reef topsails. I sprullg into the rigging for the weather maintopsail colring, but before I was tip to the futtoek shrouds thes old lmain wats again roaring: "t Come down, tir. Itussell, come down, sir Yeou're too young, sir! You hiin't got Beef enough in yo for such work! Lay down, sir, before you're overboard! " There were many lady passens gers on duck at the time, and 1 continued mty climb, heidless of his yells, lhot its ire with wrath and'shame from my toes to the topmost curl on my head. Well, now, the Dunbar iDutnbar, homewatrd Iounid front Sydtney, wn- approaching the longi tude of the lHorn. Wo were very far northc; the old tinlt had got some Ilmf- muddled notion of the Great Circle sailing under his chimney-pot lht, and we were tes high as lifty-nino or sixty degrees, running one aftensoon before a gale of wind from the westwanrd, a sea as tall tIs our miozzontop following sue till, '0 youtstood aft and watched the slope of the shp's long flying body when the hugo foaming knoll took her fair under ber roaring counter, 'twns like looking down a stoop hill with the curve of tile mow liat its It spoon in tile livid hollow and the well steered bowsprit and jiboomns it horizontrl hine. Our canvas iwas a narrow bandul of close-roefed maiiitopsalil and ia forettopumtst salty-sail. * Though about 2 o'clock in the afternoon watch, the month being May, it was nmoreasort of visible flying; dust than daylight aill about us, often hloary withe such snow ltuaills si you must uenter those parallols to meet with the like of; so that agatin and again, to an observerstatdieg aft, the ship seemed cut in two, all forward of the mainmast hidden in the boiling smother of tllhkes and the two follows gridliing at the wheel dim Its dreams, its you looked at tetom from the break of thu poop. It was at this break of the poop tlhat I was standing with the chief mate; tile skipper was aft holdhlg on by the vung that steadied the mizzen gaff ; the hands were under cover. There were two mell forward ou the lookout for ice, but they only showed at intervals whent the snow thinned nutd let the topgallant forecastle gleam oat crystal white. The roaring of the wind was like thunderahiout our nmastheads, but the speed of the ship, that was probably twelve knots all hour, took a portion of the weight out of it, and it was possible to converse, Thie mate was It Scotcltuin, the most agreeable person I was overnssociated with at sea is sailor of intelli genlco and of great experience, who was good enough to haul his wind fortaus in proportion as my bow-legged friend aft made sail t'ather way. AN I0I5DEItO DEAD AHEAD. This gentleman and I wore chltting very ami ably toguthor as we overhlungu the brass rail, when suddenly ihe stiffened himself up like is nrlinhl-spike antd full ai sniffing violently itas though to the sudden rising of some evil odour. "I smeall icel" said lie. I eniffed again, but could tasto nothing but snow. "Thllere's ice in the neigtbourhood !"u cried lie, still snilllng, and was aboutt to lhail the forecastle, when there iaroso it loud and fearful cry from that quarter of the ship, "Ice right lihead, sir!" "Ice. righlt ilneadc!" shriekedt the mate, whelihlg round to tIhe ciptaien. " I see it, oir, I seec it!" howled the skipper, l halrd uip, hurd up! " The spokes ilashed in the huands of the two seann like the driving wheel of a lotonlotive, indl the wllhole lship, rising to the height of a hugeo Pactilo surge, paid lfF with tihe ninebleness of sonlctliltg Heutiellt in terror of its life; whhlst at thie instanut right over the star loarl cattcheadi there leapt out of the vwhirling, whitnedt gloom e n Aillne height of ice, i pIrodigious berg with its soununits obscured, leaving it to comen thousandsl of feet high to tihe imagicnation. Tile sena broke ii hille of fomtim agahimit its wecather side : the re. verbecration of the gale in clhaslu, ravine, ind gr'ge came tio the ca:r with thie ulromir of is hundred broammll.imle through the Imouritig vwiiids tutmt pirodluccd tIme niazinhg eouitutls it nsh-ecd greCen, glittering, ghlltmtly, thimc vaishCed alceitm1 amrnid tIe rlittlinrg of timh unliii tfopsanil anmd tthe shock of thie bIlows ofbumlmms of floltihig ice ruohliig llumig ltour bendt. " mmlmm n/m aut, cir .' wv ataii yeilledy fromi thie frcu:astle; and righit over our jib-hoomu looilcd out IucIh anotherIC i/111itd Lus we hladi unarrowly mistseld. FInortunately the oitow- jllct then cemeld, tile morizon clemrcmd to tie distatnuee of ma ntile, nmud we were tmrcoemtly hove to, lltlkinlg inoble wec:ltlmer of it; but wheni I wlemt below it eight bells I fotmund imyself itniunaumtly rctilcetve, 11mI sorts of irejudics mtnd thougtis which IIhad Ibeen hl:lllgtii loose abollt me tardeniltig into i resolution wllicih hel luoe so mtoody thl/t I forgot to swoear when it llupper, a gltttonous Imidshiit mau tolt mle that mll thie llork was ceaten, nmmd twhei I dtiscovered, in cotsequcinice of thie galley fire beitlg wvlhed iout, there wav nothinig better to make it nlc otf thaln soft hIoellceycotbedi sliip's ire:ld ttnd a tpanulikii eof cold wIter. lEDIT.TING ON HIS SOAILOR LIt'E. I mieditated u giJod deal that night it miy Imunk mind ot deck. It was a part of the worlm to retder faincy mulifte : hloirible enomugh beclow in au hole clhtinorqr u to diittictionwith thie gimitt gromtnixg of thie laboutring ulhill, intlinitply nielmtachioly with the tducky flitting thait loveredi epeni tile itmloulpLihere frqtn the mokitg intti uliiuscous-selling tIlamnec of lalnltpwick fed iv clhlth, andl inexlrcesiibly uIllecomlfeottalt] wnith tlin druonlligs of h ,atvr tlirogh l the scmutttes ilto time iilmtks nulitd tle nivit?iLnlf blmck brileC to iltid fro, to iand fro, upon thue eabmil Iloor: ibut hidcously miscrablo oni deck which you wecut to fresth from such warmth as you would get out ofyour blankctat, amln wchere you found thi blacckness full of thunder andI frot tand slect anid tnoi, evithi tfle wvaist and giaigwcay cenr now mind ufin echolng, like a volcantuie ex!losion, to tlho cmitil of a greci e:mt of Iingarii-liko propor tien, plumttn i humpishly out of our inetffecctutl rcap to e?card ti to tCh deck with tlh Wleilth of a great building coming downi all at once and withae nrn. Why amn I here? thought I. What is this sort of life going to do for me? Had we struck the iceberg this afternoon we should have beCen telescoped into about an eighth part of our length, as you close the tubes of a spIy.glads, an1nd gone down like a deep-ec.t le:dl witll ne'er a i'agaiment of anything to survive 1us a a hint of our cnd, hi that what hadI becoime of us would, at hoor,, have remanined to eternity a matter of idle conj~eturl:. W\hy ar I here ? thought I. IHow muich am I earning? Ileaven bless lea! two pounds a month only! How much has this tramiing cost my father ? Above two hundred guineas inll Iremiums, not to speak of outlits, mean money, and the like, wlhch I durst not attempt to assess. For what flag do I toil ? Thus I meditated to the accompaniment of that Cape Horn gale. Well, the weather moderated next day at dawn : the ship wis got before it, the reefed foresail set, a couple of reefs shaken out of the main topsail, and away drove the noble old fabric, surging through the swollen knolls of yeast with the headlong hurry of a creature mad in her yearnin,'s for the sun. The decks were to be washed down. The poop was my particular care; for as third mate it was my business to receive the water handed in buckets from a little pump before or abaft the mizzen" mast-I forget which-and rush it along, calling upon thle middies to scrub handsomely whilst I saw that every portion of the deck was thoroughly cleansed. We carried hicit. coops. on either side the poop; under the hen-coops were battens designed to prevent the dirt of the coops from sifting out on to the clean planks when the ship was on a wind or when she rolled. In washing down, these battens were always removed to enable the water to swoep freely under the coops. The captain was on deck, as usual, pacing to winid ward in a pair of galoches and his high hat, which seemed to cling to his head with the tenacity of a sou'.wester. The poop ,.being washed down, I foll half frozen, and in a very ugly temper, to replacing the battens, but one was mlssing. I looked about for it, but it was nowhere to be seen. My captain was as penurious a rogue us ever saved money out of nautical cheese-paring; thoe loss, therefore, of an old piece of wood would necessarily affect hiim us a very considerable blow. EFUSIoNG TO DO DUTY. " Where's the batten, Mir. tiussell " 1hl roared. " I don't know sir." " Don't know ! But you utsf know !" he shouted with his face like a north-west moon in the German Ocean. "Where is it, sir r" " I am afraid it is overboard,"-said I. " By G-!" he bellowed, " if it is overboard, you go after it !" I ran my eyes from his galoches to his fiery pimple of a nose. " Find it, sir 1 find it !" lhe screamed, bring ing his feet with a squelching blow of the galdche down on the deck. I walked forward, and after partaking of a cup of coffee with the boatswain in his berth, I returned to the poop refreshed, warn and re solved. I walked right up to thoskipper. "Now, Mr. N-," said I, not condescend. ing to term him captlin, to which title no ship nmstetr has right, " I've had enough of sea. faring, and as I proposo to abandon the life when I reach the Thames, I think I may as well coil up and stop short just here." "Go below, sir !" ihe roared. " You've treated me very rudely," I conl tinued, astonished by my own determina tion, "and have shown yourself utterly incapable of distinguishing between persons. Your nmaster has had a very greatdeal of money out of ny father, nia you know, and if there were more to be obtained I don't question that you would have used nlu very mulch more civilly. Sir, I'm nick of the sea, sick of this ship, and sick of you;" and so saying I walked off the poop, leaving the old chap speechless with ruoftlen wonder I did not cause his death. Ilelhad heart disease, and dropped dead at his doorsoon after the arrival of the ship in the Thallles. HIalf al hour after, the steward came to the ruidshilanle 's berth acud told Ime the captain wanted me. I went aft to his cabin, wlhere I found him sitting at ttle table. I see his white hair now, contrasting with his pulrple face, and remellber Ills old mnackintosh swilgiig against the bulkhead with hiis hat on top of it, looking exactly like hinm, as though indeed lie hIrd langed himself. The oflicial log-book was be fore him. " You refuse duty 1" "Most emphatically," siaid I. On that lie " logged" lme, and then I wont about my Intainess. I was supposed to be on broad and water for the rest of the time, but I managed pretty well on the cabin leavings, through tipping the stew.. ard. All the way home I never did a harder stroke of work than elttilng up sticks of Caven dish tobacco and smoking tiem. Iii fact, os I have said, I was sick of the life; but since then, thanks probably to a course of spring mattresses, good roast beef, dry clothes, rest o' rdghts, and total freedom from the obligation of scrubbilng planks and tarring rigging, I have discovered thlt the ocean is not wholly without romance. Let the ghost of my old skipper, however, consider itself avenged, for I believe I owe the rheumatism that has afflicted me now most conscientiously for the last four years wholly to a trick of sitting too late on the cooking-hatch of a night, smoking and yarning with laiyole I could ,detain through sheer loathling of the cabin below, in whlch I was supposed to be imprisoned.. CtAnK IItUOEiLL. 