Religion and Philanthropy. Bread Enough and to Spare. A. Sbbmor by the Bkv. 0. H. Apbeokon. And when ho came to himself he said: " How I many hired servants of my father's have bread I en£ugh and to spare, and I perish with hunger." "He came to himself." "The word may be applied to one waking out of a deep swoon. He had been nnoonsoious of his trne oondition, and he had loBt all power to deliver himself from it; but now he was oomiog round again, returning^ to consciousness and action. The voice whioh shall awaken the dead aroused him;.the visions of his sinful trance all dis appeared; his fonl bat fasoinating dreams were gone; he came to himself. Or tbe word may be applied to one recovering from insanity. The prodigal son had played the madman, for sin is madness of the worst kind. He had been demented, he had put bitter for sweet and s went for bitter, darkness for light and ligh' for darkness; he had iojured himself, and had done for Mb soul what those possessed of devils in our Saviour's time did for their bodies, when they wounded themselves with atones, and cut themselves with knives. The insane man does not know himself to be insane, but as soon as he comes to himself he painfully peroeives the state from whioh he is escaping* Returning, then, to true reason and sound judgement, tbe prodigal oame to himself. Another illustration of the word may be found in tbe old world fables of enobantment; when a man was dis enthralled from the magioian's spell, he "came to himself." Classic story has its legend of Circe, who transformed men into swine. Surely ♦ ♦his yeung man in onr parable had been de graded in the same manner. He had lowered his manhood to the level of the brutes. It should be tbe property of man to have love to his kindred, to have respect for right, to have some oare for his own interests, this young man had lost all these proper attributes of humanity, and so. had become as the beast that perisheth. But as the poet sings of TTlyssee, that he compelled the enchantress to restore his companions to their original form, so here we see the prodigal returning to manhood, looking •way from his sensual pleasures, and com mencing a coarse of conduct more consistent .with his birth and pirentage. There are men here to-day, perhaps, who are still m this swoon; O God cf heaven, arouse them! Some here who are morally insane; the Lord recover them, the Divine Physician put His ooobng hand upon their fevered brow, and say to them: " I will; be thou made whole." Perhaps there are others here who have allowed their animal nature to reign supreme; may Ho who destroys the works of the devil deliver .them from the power of Sitan, and give them Eower .to become the sons of God. He shall ave all the glory! When the prodigal came to himself he was shut up to two thoughts. Two fonts were clear to him, that thare was plenty in his father's house, and that he him self^ was famishing. .Hay tbe two kindred spiritual facts have absolute power over all your hearts, if you are yet unsaved; for they were most certainly all-important truths. These are no f anoiea of one in a dream; no ravings of a ma* ' niao; no imaginations of one under fascination ; it is true that there is plenty of all good things in the Father's house, and that the sinner needs them. Nowhere else can grace be found or pardon gained; but with God there is plenitude of mercy; let none veatnre to dispute this glorious truth. Equally true is it that the sinner without God is perishing. I intend only to dwell this morning, or mainly, upon the first thought, tbe master thought, as it seems to me, whioh was in the prodigal's mind—that whioh really constrained him to say, "I will arise and go to my father." It was not, I think, the home-bringing thought that he was perish ing with hunger, but the impulse cowards his father found its mainspring in the considera tion, " How many hired servants of my father's have broad enough and to spare!" The plenty, the superabundance of the father's house, was that which attracted him to return homo, and many, many a soul has boon lod to sook God when it haB fully believed that there was abundant mercy with Qim. Lot us then prayerfully consider for a short time tbo more" thin abundanoo of all good things in tbe Father's house. What dost thou need this morning, awakened siuner. Of all that thou needed, thero is with God an all sufficient, a snperabounding supply ; 41 broad enough and to spare." Let us prove this to thee. First, consider the Father Himself, and whosoever shall rightly consider the Father, will at once poroeivo that thero can be no stint to meroy, no bound to tho possibilities of grace. What is tho nature and charaoter of tho Supreme ? "Is Ho harsh or loving?" saitb one. Tho scripture answers the question, not by tolling ub that God is loving, but by assuring us that God is lovo. It is not that lovo is in God, hut that God Himself is lovo. Touoannot moasuroGodHimsolf; yourconoep tions cannot grasp the grandeur of His attributes neither can you tell tbe dimensions of His love, nor conceive the fulness of it. Only this know, that high as the heavens aro above the earth,-bo are His ways higher than your , ways, and His thoughts than your thoughts. His meroy euduroth for ever. Ho pardoaAth iniquity and passoth by tbe trans groision of tbe re Am ant of Qis heritage. He retaineth not bis anger for ever, because Ho dolighted iu mercy. "Thou, Lord, art good and ready to forgive, and plenteous iu mercy unto all them that call upoii Thee." "Tby morcy is great above tho heavens." 41 The Lord is vory pitiful." Oh, when I thiuk of sin I oauuot under stand how a siuner can bo saved; but when I think of God, and look iulo Ilia heuit, I understand how readily IIo can forgive. "Look into His 1m rt!" saith ono; 44 how can wo do that?" llulh IIo not laid baro His hearttoyou?. Do you iuquiro where He has done this ? I answer, yonder, upon Cal* Vary's Cross. What was in the very centfe of the divine heart ? What, but the person of the Web-beloved, Hib only begotten Ron? And He hath taken His oily begotten and naiied him to the Cross, because, if I may venture^ so to speak, He loved sinners better than His Son. He spared not His Son, but He spares the sinner. He poured out His wrath upon His Son, and made Him the substitute for sinners that he might lavish love npon the guilty who deserved Hfo anger. Ob, if than art lost, it is not from any want of grace, or wisdom, or pdwer in the Father; if thou perish, it is not beoattse God is hard to move or unable to save. If thou bo a castaway, it is not because the Sternal refuses to hear thy ories for pardon or reject thy faith in Him. On thitle own head he thy blood if thy soul be lost. If thoii starfe, it is because thou wilt starve; in the Father's house thete is 11 bread enough and to spare " But, now, consider a second matter which may set this more clearly before us. Think of the Son of God, who is indeed the true bread of life for sinners. Sinner, I return to my personal address. Thdd ceodeat a Saviour; and thou mayest well be encouraged when 1 thou seeat that a Saviour is provided—pro vided by God, since it is cmain He would not make a mistake in the provision. But consider who the Saviour is. H9 is Himself God. Jesus who came from heaven for our re demption was not an angel, else might we tremble to trust the weight of our sin upon Him. He Was hot mere man, but He was very God of very God, iu the beginning with the Father. And does such a One come to redeem? Is there room to doubt as to His ability, if that be the fact? I do confess this day, that if my sins were ten thousand times heavier than they are, yea, and if I had aU the sins of this crowd ia addition piled upon me, I could trust Jesus with them all at this mo ment now that I know Him to be the Christ of God. He is the mighty God. and by His pierced hand the burden of our sins is easily removed; He blotteth oat our sins, for His own name's sake, Hecaata them into the depths of the sea. But think of what Jesus the son of G;d has done. Ho who was God, and thus blessed for ever, left the home and royalties of heaven, and stooped to yonder mauger. There He lies, His mother wraps Him in swaddling clothes, He hangs upon her breast, the Infinite is clothed as an infant, the Invisible is made manifest in flesh, the Almighty is linked with weakness, for our sakea. Oh, matchless stoop of condescen sion. If the Bedeemer God does this in order to save us, shall it be thought impossible for Him to save tho vilest of the vile 1 Can any thing he too hard for Him who comes from heaven to earth to redeem ? Pause not because of astonishment, but presB onward. "Do yen see Him who was God over all, blesed for ever, living more than 30 years ! in the midst of the sons of men, bearing the in* I firmities of manhood, taking upon Himself our I sicknesses and sharing our sorrows; His feet ! weary with treading the acres of Palestine; i His body faint oftentimes with hunger and thirst and labour; His knees knit to the earth with weeping, for of times Jesus wept; tempted in all poiots liko as we are! Matchless spectacle ! An incarnate God dwells among sinners and patiently endures their contradiction against Himself! What glory flashed forth ever and anon from the midst of His lowliness—a | glory which should render faith in Him I inevitable. Thou who didst walk the sea ; I Thou who didst raise the dead, if is not rational I to doubt Thy power to forgive sins! Didst Thou not Thyself put it so, when Thou i badeat the man take up his bed and walk? "Whether is easier to say thy sins be forgiven thee, or to say, Rise up and walk?" As suredly He is able to Bare to the uttermost 1 them that come unto G-jd by Him. Ke was able eveu here on earth in weakness to forgive aios, much more now that he is seated in His heavenly glory. He is now exalted on high to ; be a Prince and a Saviour, to give repentance ' and remission of sins. 1 - But, ab! the master proof that in Christ Jesus there is " bread enough and to spare," is the cross. Will you follow me a moment, wi 1 you follow Hm," rather, to Gethemane! Can you see think of His scourging before Herod and Pilate ? Can you trace Him along the Via Dolorosa of Jerusalem ? Will your tender hearts endure to see Him nailoi to tho tree and lifted up to bleed and die? This is but the shell, as for the inward kernel of His sufferings, no language can describe it, neither can conception peer into it. The ever lasting Gcd laid sin on Christ, and where the sin was laid, there fell the wrath. 11 It pleassd tho Lord to bruise Him; He hath put him to grief." Now he that died upon the cross was God's only begotten Son. Can you conceive a & limit to the merit of such a Saviour's death ? In Christ's finished work I see an ocean of merit, my plummet finds nu bottom, my oye discovers no shoro. Ondo adtrfit infinity into tho matter, and limit is out of tho qnostion. Tho iotent of the Divine purposes fixes the ap plication of the iufinito offering, but decs not chango into a finite work. In the attonomont cf Christ Jesus th-re is " bread euough aud to spare" ; even as Paul wrote to Timothy, 14 Ho is the Saviour of all men, specially of thoss that believe." • But now let us lead you to another point of solemnly jojful consideration, and that is tho Holy Spirit. To believe and love the Trinity is to possess the key of theology. We spoke of the F&thor;, we spoke of the Son; let us no w speak of the Holy Spirit. We do Him all too little honour, for the Holy Spirit graciously ooudescends to oome to earth and dwell in our hearts; aud notwithstanding all our many provocations, He still abides within His people. Now, sinnor, thou needest a new life, and thou needost holiness ; for both of these are neces sary to make thee fit for heaven. Is thorc a provision for this r Tho Holy Spirit is provided and given in tho covenant of grace, aud surely in Him there is ''euough anil to spare." What cannot tho Holy Spirit do ? Being Divine, nothing can bo beyond His power. Look at what IXo has already done. Ho moved upon tho face of chaos, and brought it into order, all tho beauty of creation aroso beneath Ilia mould ing breath. Think of the great deed* of the rioly Spirit ot Pefcttttfef # when men unlearned, spake with tongues of which they knew not a syllable aforetime* ami the ffetfle# trf fire upon them were also within fhentf,- so thai thek hearts burned with zeal and Cortragfd' for which they hitherto had been strangers. Think of the Holy Spirit's work on such a one Ba Saul of Tarsus. That persecutor foams blocd, he iff a very wolf, he would devour the saints of God at Damascus/ and yet, within a few moments, you hear him say, 41 Who aft Thou. Lord?" and yet again, 11 Lord, what Wilt Thou hard me to dor" His heart is cha£g*yf the Spirit of God has new created it, the adamant la melted in a moment into wax. Many of ns stand before you to- da} as the living monuments of what the H«.ly Ghost can do, and we can assure you from our own experience, that there is no inward evil which He cannot overcome, no lustful desire of the flesh which ho cannot subdue, no obduracy of the affections which He cannot mtlt. Is any thing too hard fur th* Lord? Is the Spirit of the Lord ' straitened! Surely no sinner can be beyond the possibilities of mercy rhen .he Holy Spirit condescends to be the agent of human conversion. 0 sinner, if thou perish, it is not because the Holy Spirit wants power, Or the blood of Jeaua lacks efficacy, or the Father fails in love; it is because thou believest not in Ohrist, but dost abide in wilful rebellion, refusing the abundant bread of life which is placed before thee. .Rivers of love and mercy here In a rich ocean join; Salvation In abundance flows, Like floods of ™uk and wine. Great God, the treasures of Thy love Axe everlasting mines, Deep as our helpless miseries arc, Ana boundless as our sins. 