ENGLAND, ARE WE TORTURING OUR IRISH PRISONERS P GKAVE CHARGES AGAINST CHATHAM GA0LEE8. (From the Pall Mall Gazette, Feb. 15 ) A man, profeRoina; to bo an os-convict from Chatham, nays tbe N?\\- York Morning Journal. ban turned np in 'New York vrith the following report about the culrags of prisoners in Chat hura : — 'They are tortuiing them to death. Don't make any mistake about it. Paly is reduced to less than a hundred pound,? weight. Gallagher i^ as thin aa a rail and as wesxk aa a kitten. Whitehcad is booked for the other world, cure, and all of them are in poor condition. Few of them will live to finish their time.' He is a tall, gaiiut man. with a stubbly beard of recent growth, an Irish Cockney who bad jost landed from one of England's prisons. Hie credentials were a single sheet of thin brown paper on which a dozen words were sciav.led in blood, with a bit of sharp stick. The name and the handwriting were recognized as those of one of the prisoners, but in the group li'-tening to this BtGry were some ex-Fenian con victs who felt by no means sure that the man be fore them was the one to whom it had been originally given. His story, to those best quali fied to judge, bore strong circumBtantial evidence of being- a straightforward statement of fact. The man being an ' old prisonor' who had conducted himself well, wag given what are called the ' £-mf.v jobs' in Chatham prison. He was a ' handy man,' and had been at various parts of the prinon and gave him. many opportunities of obtaining information. He was, he said, at one time ' orderly' in a ward in which several of the ' outrage' prisoners were confined, aided in passing in their food, water, and work to their cells, and had many opportunities for short converoationa. The 'stiff/' as a note is called in convict parlance, was passed to him by another convict who c- played balmy,' and was sent to thftjnfirmary as an ineane patient, while he was working there as an attendant. Some of the Irish prisoners, according to this many's story, are CONTINUALLY UNDERGOING PUNISHMENT OF THE SEVEREST KIND for trivial infractions of the prison discipline which, he claims, are deliberately provoked by the warders acting under instructions. For the same offenceB, he says, ordinary prisonex-a are fre quently let off with a reprimand or some light punishment. John Daly, he claims, is marked out for cb pecially severe treatment. He is nearly always undergoing some punishment or other, and old keepers COMPABE HIM TO O'DONOVAN, who was ever in hot water, although ' the ser vice,' a3 one of them said, 'is changed for the worse since Eossa'Band Halpin's time.' Fourteen days' 'bread and water,' which means eight ounces of bread with a pint of water served in a gutta-percha vessel in the morning and the B&me; at night, without an atom of any other food, and confinement in a dark cell, is a common dose for poor Daly. A sentence of bread and water carries with it DEPRIVATION OF BED AND BLANKETS, the prisoner sleeping on the boards of the 'guard bed,' with a single light rug for hie covering. On the fifth day Gf Mb sentence the monotony is varied by the offender being given ' penal class fure,' which means two pints of oatmeal porridge, twelve ounceG of bread, a pound of potatoes, and three gtitta-percha pints of water per day. X1JC UU-KU^CD 1U1 WU1OU UJULUOU ^UUlOUiUClllja UlLtJ given include the possession of a piece of pencil, a scrap or' old newspaper or, worse than all, a small bit of tobacco. All attempts to write letters to other prisonere, to exchange letters from home, or to communicate from cell to cell by knocking telegraphic signals on the walls are severely punished, and punishment for any in fraction of the rules gives the prisoner a ' bad character.' The most heinous of all offences is smuggling a communication to the outside world by the ' underground railroad,' the feat accom plished by the recently liberated ' lag.' ' DALY LOOKS LIKE A GHOST,' he said. ' 'Hio cheeks are hollow, and he has a haggard look in his eyes that would frighten you. He told me scores of times that he believes they mean to kill him, but he's as stout-heai'ted as a lion, and he'll never give in. If he dies you can bet he'll die game. ' I saw FOUR OP THEM YOKED TO A WAGGON as I was carrying some stuff from the front gate to the infirmary a few days before I left. They looked forlorn and weary enough, poor fellows. One of them had a ball and chain to his legs and the other had the jackdaws. Their backs were to me, p.ad I could not recognise thom3 bub tho, 'screw' said, 'Them's the Finigans/ as we passed. The little note brought out by the ex-convict was an urgent appeal for exposure of their treat nont and guaranteeing that the bearer could be rdird on to state thd facts accurately. The Nationalists have appointed a committee to in vestigiiti the man's story aiid his antecedents. 