CHARLEY'S FIDDLE. By Robert C. Meyers. It is no matter to what army, North or South, the drummer-boy belonged. Young he was, his fair skin tanned by the grim old sun, his blue eyes shining out, like very forget-me- nots, in the dull, dark surroundings. They said of him in camp that he- was- a. boy, -arid surely they treated him, in their rough way, like a child. Sunburnt men called him ' Charley ; talked with him ; spoke of scenes far away, where those : with whom these sun burnt men loved more than anything else in the world lived ; aud Charley listened to them, and heard what was never told to older, less un sophisticated companions, for somehow his young face and light, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, ;uid made thein confide in him. There was even a rumour that Sandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charley about his owu young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little touch of sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that there is no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared l or and experienced iu war. It is not so. Around carap- hres, in dim places at night, when the tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry seems ghostly, and dreary, and full of dire warning, there are tales of love, and sorrow, aud loss, and hope remembered aiul told to listening ears that hoar these faintest whispovs as greedily as they do the awful, death-deliver ing sound of cannon, or swit't whistle of ttie rilie-btdl. Thus was Charley, the drummer-boy. a 'cyclopaedia cf the gentler thoughts of the soldiers about him. Often in the dusk of eveuing, when the men were loitering about the camp, and the kindly stars were peeping faintly out above the white tents, there would come a little, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listeners would stop in their game at cards, or their wild talk, smile, mavbe, a little, and say, 1 That's Charley's fidffle !' And did any one take the trouble to look for the boy, he might be seen perched up on a ledge of rock, or sitting fiat on the ground, Ms chin pressed down, aud his bow in his hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin all the old, old tunes lie remembered, and some of the newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, love-lorn ditty, which had come by a devious way and a fearful mischance into camp. So, here among the purple shadows, when the fire on the outposts Lhimmered, and there was a strange "quiet around, while the crickets chirped, Charley would play the tunes of peace' aiid'liappiness, the same as miles away .they" were beiug played and sung by laughing, care less' people in the crowded cities, filled with the rumours of war, not understood, but appre ciated. But Charley had never been in an engager ment as yet, and the men said, 'Don't be so auxious, boy. : it'll all come soon enough !' And it did come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to Ms aunt that camp-life was just the thing for him, only it . was too monotonous. Ho also told the hoys that his aunt was the only relative he had iu the world, and that she was a queer old woman, strong of will and temper, and that ,she . was ' mortal angry with him for goiug away from her— for, somehow or other, he guessed she ' sort o' liked him.' . . That was all lie told them, and tliey got quite a joke up about ' Aunt Teddy, and often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw. him writing, to bo sure arid send much of their love to her.' 'You. don't know her,', said Charley, j or you wouldn't make so light of it. .- Why. she could: take any of you singlj-handed, and you'd never know what hurt you,' ' And so lie, wrote often and often to her. ; But Charley's fiddle 1 Yfell, it seemed part of him. He loved it ! He loved the miserable little tunes he could play on it ; he loved to sit down any where," and atauyt'ini, and strike up one of those little tunes, and play, and play, and plav, till it was a wonder how much endurance catgut has, not to mention human fingers and patience. He would pat his fiddle almost as though it were a little child, and his blue eyes would flash as Ms hand swept over the strings. And the time went on : . and in tho int ervals of Charley's drum-taps his fiddle took it "up. The day came when there were preparations for a battle going on ; the enemy wero sur rounding them; aiid Charley was glad, but quiet. There was less time for fun in camp now, and picket duty was not sentimental any more— ex cept that it was tragic. Two men had been picked off by scouts, and the grim faces- of the boys looked death when they heard.'. - Yet one pleasant, cool night, -while the long, white streets of the camp glistenei iri the moon-, light, and it was not yet time for the men to turn in, Charley was", seen by Sandy Green busily writing a letter on his drum-head. ' For Aunt Ted, Charley ?' asked Sandy Green. And the boy nodded, aiullaughed. Then the old man stood there watching him for a long time. He saw the pleasant, brown face, with the blue eyes bent over the writing — and he was a rough, a very rough man, mind you ! — a tall, ungainly, red-haired backwoods man, older. than middle life, too ; and one to whom trouble was no account, because it must bs surmounted. And yet he stood here, in the early moonlight, watching the drummerboy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley looked up when he had finished. 'Ho, Sandy! you there yet!' said he. Then he folded the letter, and directed it. ' Sandy, I'll give it to you to see posted for me. "Will you do it ? You've got more chances than Ihave.' So Sandy took the letter, and said, as he turned to Charley : ' Do you know, hoy, that we expect a scrimmage to-morrow ?' Yes, Charley knew it, and he was glad. He got Sandy Green to tell him all over again about the battles that had beeu fought before ; he listened, and was bright and chirpy over the stories ; and the older man warmed with his subject, watched the light in the boy's eyes, and ended by patting Mm on tho back. " 'You'll do, Charley 1' he said. 'And now give us a tune, for who knows— well, give us a tune!' So Charley brought his fiddle, and sat down on the side of his drum ; and Sandy laid his sprawling length on the ground, Ms head on Ms hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle ! And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter ; and all at once Sandy said: ' Say, Charley ! Give us the song you played last night. ' There was a slight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air came the old tune of ' Home, Sweet Home,' softly and slowly playe'l_, filling the air around, and touching with kind fingers the hearts of. the listeners. The boy's head dropped over his fiddle as he sat there balanced on tnedrum, and Saudv Green's hand was pressed hard into his head. " And the tune went on and on, nnd the Btars sparkled, the crickets chirped peacefully, when, all at once, a bugle sounded, a confused noise was borne to them. Sandy was on his feet, Charley's drum was in his hand — and the enemy was on them ! Who can teil of the dreary surprise, of the terrible fight of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning, wiien innocent daisies were red and horrible to look at, and the leaves of trees were blackened and scorched by powder ? Who can tell of the wild, smirched faces, turned sightlessly up to the sky ; the dead hands clutching the grass ; tho soiled aad torn clothing pierced with a little new hole, whence life had fluttered out? Long into the day it lasted; and there were no more birds' songs head. The white streets of the carnqj were gone, and a con fused mass of men, some wounded, and all bitter, were here instead. And tho fight had ended, the enemy had disappeared, and these men were — victorious. Throughout tho fight they aU remembered to have heard the drum. They remembered seeing young Charley h&tless;, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest of the fight, for there had been small order — it could not he otherwise. And some of them Baid he. had been seen with a musket in Ms hand, loading and firing, brave and soldierly. But now there was a silence ; thesa were not his drum-taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as .tliese men 6tood up to answer to their names. There were many gaps in the roll — many men' who would answer to but one roll-call more— themighty Roll of the Last. And when Charley's name was called there was no response ; aud many eyes turned to other eyes in mute inquiry. So on the roll went ; and at last Sandy Green's name was called — no answer. ' . Again it .was' called, and then — then Sandy Green's voice answered from far away, and they saw him coming, limping up the hill, Charley on his shoulders, white aud wild. The men cheered — yes, they did— they cheered 1 And Sandy stood in the midst of thern, his leg wounded by a hall, and told how he had been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an end of him, but that Charley had used Ms own bayonet to dreadful purpose, und Sandy had been saved. But, strange to say, the boy had not seemed to recognise him. Sandy had taken him on Ms shoulder, for the hoy had grown faint and wMte, had called Ms name ; but a. blank look was ail the reply he hud received. Charley's mind had stopped. There he was, looking at the men, a smile on his face, hut an unmeaning light in his blue eyes. They looked at him, they shook him by tlie hand ; but lie said nothing — he recognised no one. The surgeon came, and shook his head. ' Fright ! he said. But Sandy Green cried : ' It's a lie, begging your pardon ! The boy wasn't frightened.' For all that, it made Sinall difference to" Charley. Day by day, as tbis portion of the army made entrenchments where they were, and prepared for winter quarters, for this pointmust be guarded. Charley loitered about the hospital, not sick, not ailing, but with his mind clouded. One of the boys had hunted for Ms fiddle, . but only the fragments aud the strings were left, and these Sandy Green had taken charge of, as he lay in his cot ; for, said he, ' The sight of these things might make the boy worse.' The surgeons studied the case. It was now to' them: aline opportunity for experiment; and experiment they did, and made nothing of it. And still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no one, speaking to no one. missing nothing he had before known. The men, when they met him, called out, 1 Hi, Charley !' aud he seemed to be pleased at that — nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him, for you see they had all so liked him. And Sandy Green was grieved at heart, though iiis manner was as gruff and rude as ever. After a while the surgeons came to a strange conclusion. They snid that the life of Charley, from the first surprise on that eventful eveuing that night wheu lie had seen a fight, was a blank. They said there was no bridge to con nect the time before nnd the time after that terrible experience. They cited vast authorities, and confused themselves about them, and so far confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked on Charley as though he were a ghost. One day Sandy Green, feeling in his pocket, found the letter which Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, aud which had never been posted, and had been forgotten ever since. At sight of it, he -.vent for paper and pencil immediately. That night lie told the boys he had written to Charley's aunt, getting the direction from Charley's unposted letter. ' Aunt Teddy's coming to camp, boys,' said some of them, in faint remembrance of their old humour, over Charley's relative. ' Sandy Green has written to lier, telling lier all about the boy.' . Lo ! lo 1 A few days after, a tall apparition, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made its ap pearance in the hospital, asking for Charley Morgan ; and in less th i n an hour it was kno wn all over that Charley's Aunt Teddy had come: ".-All who could sauutered past the window, j ust to peep at her. But they did not go. twice, - for- her fieree look was somethingdreaaful ; and it was everywhere at once. They, wero afraid of her. The might face tlie enemy, but Aunt Teddy was something more. And Charley ? She just wont up to the poor lad, and took his face between her two bony hands. . 'Charley!' she. said. And he turned his smiling, meaningless face to lier, and laughed low, and did not know lier. She sat quietly down, and- rocked herself to and fro. No! Aunt Teddy could do nothing either. So tlie uays wore on, and some of the boys saw her sitting beside Charley, -holding liis hand in hers, and. looking fiercely about- lier like a lioness guarding her young.. She would -not have him stir from her, and beseemed perfectly contented beside her. And when tlie men saw her sitting there., fierce and on guard, holding tlie boy's harid in her own. and he smiling -and happy-looking, they felt a lu.ip in thqir throats : una in a way. they respected Aunt Teddy more than if she had cried over him, calling him loving names, for they saw strength here, like their own- strength of protection. - And, do you know, it was said that when Sandy Green saw her coming in that day, he hobbled out as last as he could, and with a white face : and lie would not go near her when slid asked for the man who had written her about Charley. He, too, was afraid of her — the gaunt, grim apparition. ; To the doctors she was a little more con ciliating; and, although Bhe told them they did not know their business, yet, when one of them leaned dwn, and tried to take Charley's hand from hers to give it a friendly shake she said : ! ' Don't, please 1 I want to hold him to me, for he's ail I've got.' And the doctor could not help grasping hers, with a great choke in his throat. ; , ; ' If we could awaken Charley to some memory of tlie '.past,' said this doctor to her one day — ' if we could bring Mm back to the day before the fight — if he could recognise, something he had known then, we might. save him, perhaps.' ' I'm not Aricli woman,' was. tlie reply, ' but- I'll; write this instancb.to mr agent .to sell mV house. And that money— all I have in the World— I'll give to tho man who brings my -hoy back to me.' Now tMs was duly reported about camp— all this and more. And it was told to Sandy Green, among others. He shook his head gruffly. But in the middle of the night Sandy Green rose up like one possessed, and searched around, and found an old, flat cigar-box. All the next day he worked at tho box, worked mysteriously, and kept lookers-on away. For two days he scraped at it. On the third j Charley was to go away with Ms aunt, for she j had. determined to take him home. . On this last evening . Sandy Green was seen lurking about the hospital; and once, when Aunt Teddy rose and went to sco about some final preparations for departure, he darted in, caught Charley by the hand, and limpingsinftiy away with him, took him to a knoll far off — took Mm to a drum laid sidewisc on the ground, and seating him there, pulled cut a cigar-box, < shaped rudely like a violin, the strings of Charley's own lost iustrnmer.t stretched upon it. Then lie brought out a rough bow. Charley sat down there, and smiled vaguely up at the sky. Sandy drew the bow across the strings, but before he could repeat it, a rustling noise was heard, and there was Aunt Teddy, frightened out of her wits at missing Charley, and she was followed by half the boys, tho two surgeons among them. Sandy Green raised his hand to warn them. . They "stopped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air - came tlie old tune of 1 Home, Sweet Home,' rudely and brokenly played ; but there it was — there it was ! - The smile on Charley's face faded out, like - the light of the ignis fatuus. A startled ex pression came instead : he leaned forward— he listened. The boys pressed closer and closer, Sandy Green's fingers trembled so that he could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley's face ; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. ' Aunt Teddy !' he cried. He was saved. His aunt was kneeling at his feet, hugging his knees, crying wildly. The boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green; and shook Mm by the hand, for he had none more than they could do, and they owned ton. - Then they all, every man of them, went up to Sandy, and wrung his hand. Ho had let the fiddle fall to the ground, aud' his rough :aca was seamed with tears. - " 'Here! — somebody lead me to Saudy Greta!' cried a voice, the voice of Charley's aunt : ' ;or I can't see, I'm crying so hard ; and my logs are clean gone from me!' And Aunt Teddy was marched up to him. hut not before Charley had caught both Sane v 3 hands in his. f And what did Aunt Teddy do? She just throw her aims around Sandy Green's neck, and gave him a sounding kiss, before all the boys too ! And from a score of strong throats came p cry: ' Three cheers for Sandy Green — and a tiger ! And she shook hands with them, every one. Aunt Teddy did not have to sell her hotlte, as a reward for ' any one who could savo her boy.' The cigar-box fiddle may still be seen there — and often is seen there by Sandy Green and others — and it is christened ' Charley's Fiddle.' — Weekly Budget. 