THE OPENING. There herefrom 600 to 700 personB present at the opening, , and the proceedings were f» ourod with fine weather. At 2 o'elook. the Hon. John. Lackey, 11' I<.:0., > president of the hospital,- stepped on to a temporary' platform iu frbnt of the building, and under* neath a string of flag*, in the centre of whiQii lning the motto," Blessed ia he who lielpeth the sick and needy." The public [ school children under the charge of their [ teaoher, Mr.. Hooper, sang " God Save the i Queon," the Premier brass baud playing the I air at the name time. Tho hon. secretary j to the hospital committee, Mr. 0. Bennett, i read letters of apology for their unavoidable absence froiri'Mr. J.. Kidd,M, L. A., (with a > cheque enclosed for two guineas), Mr. J. G. I Moiris, who was at Junee, Mr; R.P.Rioli i ardson, and Mr. T; Garrett,! M.L.A. The hou. secretory then read and presented to Mr. liaokey 'ttie following address which had < t been very skilfully prepared by Mr. J. Brookes, of'tbis town i , Boynral,4thSept.* 1880.. ■ : | To the Hon. John Lackey, M.L.O. Honourable Sir,—We the ooramittee of.theBer i rima District Cottage Hospital, Bowral, cannot: al- ■ low this opportunity to pass without expressing' to yoii oar sincere gratitude (or the deep interest you I have shown towards our Institution and your desire •lor its usefulness,"and now to-day for .your hearty .willingness .to oome (not without the toss', of !'much valuable time to yourself) to openthe building. We sincerely hope that in all our deliberations for the. future guidance of the hospital we shall always.; be able to ooinmandyour counsel, and that the Insti tution may prove under God's blessing of grout.bene fit to suffering-humanity. . •; We remain, dear Sir, yours faithfully, 0\. BBNNBTTii ,'j Hon. Sec., on behalf of the committee;" {The name* of the olBoers and eommittee were at tached.) ■ ■ , ■ Mr. Lackey, received the address and re plied as follows':— : , .Ladies andgantlemon,—Let mo bofore prooee lifig with the business;; proper to-:d- tftke thirfJt>pp'or tunity of thanking',the promoters of; this good work for the honour they have done m'eiin electing me to> the position of'President to the BerrimaDiatriot Cottage Hospital.'- -1 (eel very sensibly the'ioompli ment'pHid me, and I trust with the valuable assis tance of the Vice-Presidents, tlie aotive and energetio members of the committee.-as well"as that of the enthusiastic secretary and treasurer, the objeota for which the Cottage . .Hospital has been .established will be realised with most marked buoocsb; and 'I am very glad to find.that this district wilWn .future be classed as one which has taken the lead in the building and inauguration of a cottage hospital,' for thongh there are not many of these institutions , in the ooloio, their usefulness has long been known in England; and so generouBly.have they been appreci ated that there arct fe«r!eountiea that do hot possess at least one of these. It is; probable that < at. the present time thereare upwards of 200 cottage r hos-' 'pitals in thaUniteilKiiigJom; after their '.first in auguration their increase- wasvery marked..-. In the 'jnear I860 there were no less than 13 opened, and tho interest shown went on increasing 'stoiidily until 1870 when it reached its climax, whei)!SS2 ;iiew: hos pitals word- started; the average anpiualvnomhAi opened during the tan years,- 188ft to 1875, both -in - elusive, was from 13 to 14, the actual flveriige num bera"bainj5forJ;He.t<;nJjeara'jL3a.-_ThQ.av{ir33e:.an "nual'expenifitura intlOO.eottftge. hospitals', havipg on average number of 8" beds, in & of which "the'aveiv age number of bads occupied• is .6, £340'lOsj';this gives the obit per bed as. £42 103. 6n thtf whole number, or £57 per bad. occupied. I have nbt had an opportunity of comparing; this obst, with the es timated cost of the one we are now engaged iii open-' 'ing, but it would :probab!y ha ' considerably 'higher-' than in England, where-they are found to bo so eobnomioally worked generally, that from ■ an esti mate made some few years ago it was found, that the oqttage.hospitals cost £12 per bed, ami £9 per bed occupied lens tlian:tho"general hospitals in the United Kingdom.. It has been, shown alao.with. regard to income that the annual return for 100 hospitals is £350, or £10 per annum above the an nual expanditure. When the ditliouliies whiuh sur round the cottage hospitals are considered—the necessity for.purchasing in small quantities, in giv'-' ing retail inatoadof ^.wholesale prices, cost of car riage, &o.;, the" result as shown by the above figures, must give hope and confidence to those ' who will be engaged in themanagement of this institution. The death-rate has also been shown, with this*cmi!lr:—: Thea death-rate at 40 cottage hospitals; having col . leotively 341 beds, or an average of 8-7 beds - eaoli, where 1813 pationts were under treatment rinf^oue; -year, tho average death- rate in tho general hospitals . in London was 10-21, whereas the. death'-rate in the cottage hospitals .was 5-4;. this, h a. very great dif ference and .-worthy of a. strict comparison as ''to the results Of the treatment and class- of ,oases. ,C. Bennett, General Supenntendanfc' of ,the Queen's < Hospital, Birmingham, states that owing to the aoonraoy of Sir James Simpson's statistics' of the result of amputations'in country and privatcipirao tioea having been seriously impugned, chiefly on the' impossibility of proving the reliability of the sources' from whioh,they were derived, sent a oirculor to 160.. -cottage hospitals,' and tho figures shown: oan be definitely _ verified. In reply he received answers from 92, into 31 of whioh no casos of amputation, bad been received, although the majority had surgi cal cascsof interest. The cases, of; amputation ih the 01 hospitals amount to 303 or 1 less; thau the number at the University Hospital from thefotinda-' .tion of the hospital, a period of 38 years.•; The average mortality in these cases was 25: per. cent., whilst it only amounted to 18 per cent, at the oot .tage hospitals"; kthuB it will.bo seen how successfully, the cottage hosjntaiyhave been worked in England and of what great Borvice they have'been in supply ing aid at times of accident. In referenoe to the in come of the hospital'and the means by; whioh it will be raisel, I may say that in England where there are so many country facuiliusof large;inherited nfeftnn, a largo amount of the inoome is derived by, means of legacies and donations, but it pas bfen found that it is not thelmost desirable of raising, in-i come ; thoBe who have given a donation of £1Q go; on from year to jrear till eventually it :fias' .been seen that .the consistent annual contributor becomes the source of greater assistance to - tho :hospitaL funds; still let us hope that in our experience both donors and annual subgaribers will be found ready < tb help.in a wbrk which is ealoulated to be of auob' use to this district. In. the. course of years the^ value of this institution, its, usefulness, and readi ness in meeting cases of accident or.1 sudden: illnesB, may we not h'ope will be tho means^of inducing those who have large fortunes to!give'legaeiM which would materially add by. interest to the: annual, in-' come. Already the history of N. S. Wales and^Vic toria furnisher many eases where favoured ooloniatS' have bequeathed: enormous sums to universities,. churches, Ac., and we may hope that the1. Berrima Distriot Cottage - Hospital will be benefited in a j similar way. It will be necessary .also -to aecure the oo-opcration of the olergymen^ throughout; the 'dia- ■ trict in aid of a Hospital Bunday; ' It is considered in Birmingham - that the- aeoret of its increasing success has been the Bimultaneousnesa'of .tbe..«ol leotions one given. day in all plaoer o( Worship thrQaghoutthe:district^ Wben t^U'^U teaare^'a concentrated and unani^oaa interastrie eVoked-in: hospitals and their wOrl^ind M advant^e be +tnken /of. the oooasionbotlrby.the;ininUten^^aad ^'oofainiit tee a widespread feeling of intetert'U tare to, be; es cited.Putieutpayment.—Fraeticehas'shownitibat th^se payments are-aipeoialfeatureofthevobttf^e hospital system: and from the first,it had been -re oognised Ihe importanoe of self-help - ampngst "the patients.' In all the English institutions this' is in force, the sums paid varying from 2/6 to 21/- per weok, aoaording;tor'ciroumatanoes, and' I feel sure that in tbis community all right thinking . people wonld-:rather contribute: what they can afford than ba classed as paupers. It wonld not he. doing jns' tice to the -liberal.^sinrit iin . whicii .tliw'ioreditable work baa been initiated by Dr.-Newmateh,: m . wall as the rtadyway in which the other medical ftsntte men have offend thebwrvioes, if mmm referanoe wae not made to the laiw *ori&» Ibeee prolewioMl gentlemen mainland whether in the future some rand should not' be provided by meant of which their aervieaa. would be requital. In Uanehester, where the moat perfect system of medical relief ever tried hae been eetaSiihed, a portion of thapattonta' payments are set apart for the mediual stall, and aa aoonfeqoenoetha patienta are much mow inde pendent.- Every man under theee interna ia taught from childhood upwatds that it is his duty to lay by ■owthini against the day of sickness. ' and/ it to aeareely neaeeiary to show how much stronget this applies to the .more prosperous cireumstaooes of our own colony. It ia a source of great pleasure to., me „to perform the ofioial duty of opening thin hospital* 'and asking for it thraikistanoe from the people of the Berrima DUtriot. The institution ,will be of great value, occupying as it does a position^ cen tral and when the skilled services of medical offl oera and trained nurses wili .be at band in a build ing having the modern applianoes for ; the oomfort and quiet of the patients. ; To me personally it is very gratifying to take a part-in this benevolent work, which is a fitting eviaenoo of the philentrophy and is another instance of the marvellous strides which thia district has made within my recollection; for when I. first saw the-district Bowral did: not exist. . Owing to the increase of population great inconvenience has been felt owing to the. hospital being at Sydney and Qoulburn, and the journey to either of these has in tnany instances destroyed all i ohanoe of an injured man's recovery. The origin of this cottage hospital must be put to the oredit of Dr. Newmarch, of St. 'Leonards,. Mr. 0. Bennett, present hon. sea. was associated with him from the beginning.- : He was ; pleased to be informed that the ladies had laid the nucleus for-forming a lib rary in connection with the hospital in memory of, Mrs.-Newmaroh and also as a mark of respect to1' Dn'Newmarcta. Mr. MoOonrt followed with a neat speech. He expressed his pleasure at the opening of the hospital, and at seeing a gentleman of Mr. Lackey's standing, not only in the dis trict but in the community, present to per form that ceremony. He was among, thoBe who always supported the hospial, but at first there was opposition to it, and they had to allay the ghost 'of localism. But uow the hospital was meetiug with general sympathy. In Wollongong, Kiama, and Shoalhaven there were hospitals erected,and 'it had always;seemed to him discreditable.to this rich and prosperous district not to.have one also. Hospitals were growing in public favour, and ho believed tho time was coming when they would be universally ayailed of in.time ofsickuess beoause of the eduoated and skilled' nursing which was now being provided at them. Touching upon the ques tion of funds Mr. McOourt said the hospital would be greatly dependant upon the efforts of the ladies. He was of the opinion that the government grant to hospitals should be increased to £2 for every £1 oolleotedlocally. He bad interviewed the Premier, Sir Henry Parkes, about a special grant of £800, for the hospital, and he was encouraged to hope that it would be granted—if placed oil the ad ditional estimates he did not think it would be opposed. Mr. McCourt concluded his .remarks by impressing upon all present the importance of becomiug soldiers in support of the hospital; Mr. H. 0. Kent, architect,. addressed a few remarks about the style of the building, showing in what way it could be easily en larged, end.promising his assistance gratui tously in that" direction whenever needed. As secretary of ;the Children's Hospital in Syduey he was enabled to state.that <the_cost: of the maintainanoe of tlie hospital- would probably be from £50 to £58 per bed per year. ' The Rev. J. W. Debenham made a brief appeal for funds for - the hospita.l and £20 were contributed. " ■, ■ ■ Cheers for Mr. Lackey, Mr. McCourt, Mr. Bennett, the ladies, and the Queen,; with the band playing " He's a jolly good fellow" in complimout to Mr. Lookey, terminated the proceedings, and the assemblage dis persed and inspected the hospital. Mr. H. Pernber had been engaged the previous 'day or so laying out the grounds, and he richly deserves a special word, of praise for the fine ^results be achieved iu sp short a time. The Ladies' Association held a sale of work in a tent adjoining the hospital during the afternoon. : Tho con tractor for the hospital building, Mr. J. J. Campbell, has very faithfully carried out his contract; and the whole of the paint ing was doue by Mr. J. Martin, upon whom the work reflects every credit. • In the evening,: the- Ladies' Working As sociation continued their sale of work in the School of Arts, and the evening was en livened; by a miscellaneous inipromptu en tertainment. Tableaux, arranged and . car ried' out by Miss .Bessie Beed, included the Sleeping Beauty, Gipsy Life, Dirty Boy, old maids,: young, maids, and Drowsy Lover. Those who assisted vocally and instrumeu tally ;were Mrs.. ,0. Beunett, Mrs. Pugh, Missos Shepherd, Wickham, Harrison, and Corner, and Messrs. Cottee, Pugh, Lover idge, and H. Wickham. The total amount • taken by the Ladies' Association during the day was ;£47/5/i0. ' To this is to be ; added the £20 contributed at the opening; mak ing the total amount realised, £67/5/10. 