RANDOM NOTES. [By a Man of No Account.] The meeting re a monthly holiday was well attended, and, with one exception, was most encouraging. I was pleased to hear Dr. Murray speak on the matter, and trust that the holiday asked for will be granted. *#* The report that our Inspector of Nuis ances had run his course in life caused some excitement in town the other day. I was gravely informed by several friends that "Frank" had crossed the Rubicon that divides life from the great unknown, and was pressing my enquiries to make certain of the truth of the report, when, lo ! who should pass along the street, with his well-known whip in band, as usual, but the "dead man" himself, or his ghost. A careful examination, how ever, proved that it was " Frank" in real flesh and blood—and neither a ghost nor a " petrified man" that was walking about, and the town at once cheered up when it found that " rumour" had once more proved itself to be false. V The forged note business should put business people on their guard, and, after the recent disclosures, it will be people's own fault if they are duped. *** The question as to whether the Council are to purchase the Armidale Gas Works or not is very properly to be referred to the ratepayers for their decision, and the Mayor has convened a meeting, where it can be discussed. The matter must be properly enquired into, and the system of lighting towns by electric light must be proved to be step in advance before our Council would be justified in adopting the system introduced into Tamworth. And this reminds me that, while the Chairman of the Lighting Committee at Tamworth advocates the electric light, a local paper is very sarcastic in its reference to such advocacy, and pretty plainly asserts that the electric light is not the success that Mr. Tribe asserts it to be. By the way. the Company have offered the Works to the Council for £10,000. This appears to me to be about a fair price, but unless the Council like they need not pay a lump sum, but may, if I recollect the Act passed for the Coy. aright, take over the Works at the end of three years from date of establishment, at a valuation, and the Act makes this imperative on the part of the Coy. The whole affair should be well enquired into, and I think that, after calm consideration, the ratepayers will find themselves justified in purchas ing the present Works. * * * " A pcbucan's lot is not a happy one !" In the Sydney District Court, last week, one C. M. Wood sued a publican named J. Cribb to recover £29 10s., for loss suffered by the neglect of the defendant's servants in allowing plaintiff's two horses, which had been entrusted to his care, to stray and become lost. Plaintiff claimed £10 for 10 days' loss of time in the mat ter, and £19 10s. the value«of the horses. After hearing evidence, Judge Wilkinson gave a verdict for £19 10s., the value of the horses lost. This should act as a warning to all publicans to be careful of horses when left in their charge, or in charge of their servants. 