_Ani Orthodoax V~ewi - ot i pirit uialisni. Some utterances concerning modern Spiritualism made in the New York Herald by a promrinent orthodox clergyman, :R. Heber Newton, are warthy of mention. in answer to a request to furnish " an outside view of Spiritualism," he is re iported to have said, among other things, the following : I have been a somewhat careful reader in the voluminous literature of Spiritual ism. Spiritualism is here, whatever we make of it, in the broad daylight of this ninieteenth centdry of tile Christian era, and this hard fact, when we iponder it well, is certainly significant: . . Spiritualism is here, not as having conme yesterday, and therefore being likely to go away to-tmorrow. It is no latest Boston craze. It is already, in its modern form, nearly half a century old. One daisilot inquire among his friends and acquaint ances without finding on every hand those who have not only been looking into it, but have become silent converts to it. Where it is still unaccepted, a decided change of tone has taken place concerning it. Societies for psychical research are verily a sign of the times which would make IIume, were lie back among us, rub his eyes in sheer bewilderment. Is this a case of the insistence of fact, or of tihe persistence of fable? Spiritualism is, further, vastly lmore than fifty years of age. Two thousand years ago the Roman civilisation was f:amiliar with our modern plhein.cna. Pliny's famous ghost acted like our modern ghosts. The oracles were ancient mediums, the mysteries were sacred seances t knocks. voices. lithits. letters, the use of music to-induce- mani festationis, lmaterialisation of spirits, - these and other kindred phlenoilnsena tile ancients knew quite as well as we know them. Our familiar tricks of mediums were venerable ill the days of Caesar. Despite the bad repute into which 3h'ne. iBlavatsky rhas brought occultism, the sacred books of India show that Hindou adepts had systematised thle art of imedium ship ages ago. Spiritualism has been as wide-spread geographically as it is old historically. It peeps up in widely sepa rated ancient lands, in the far cast of China as well as in Rsome. It is to be raced among peoples onil as widely different planes of developlment as our American Indians and the Hindoos. Spiritualism claims, insistently or per sistently, to be a purpseful effort on the pIart of spirits to discharge a mission in the insiapiration of a new religious revival uponir ear. Spiritualisrm does, as a matter of fact, seem to substantiate the claims of its priests. It goes without saying that if it be accepted as what it claimls to be, a systemr of connmunicatiotn between spirits :and imen, it is a demonstration of tihe reality of iumortality, out of which mrust issue thle nligltiest revival of this basic faith of religion known to history. Spirit ut;lisll seems to bear out this clailn of a rlissiion i religion by ithe contents of its c osisrulicatisirs. Thfle slicer that natur ally arises to the lips of tile reader, firiliar only with the senile maunderings of tihe convenltional 1iesslge, does snot colclude the case. As already hinted, there ap pears to Ie a higher Spiritualism, in whose circles, if found, a candid student ought fairly to ,look for the real secrets of this mysterious movement. This higher .Spiritualism seems to marnifest the char acteristics that ogt t to be found in a systermatic irovellselit, such as this elinisli t., e. In shlort, the higher Spiritualisin nlappoirs to be liberalismn ir religion. It siecirs to bIe in imist points onois withl tiro gi'essive t-eolog. . . . Spiritualism, in its i(roiderrl formll, has elicome at the tilme Vrien, if it be what it. csisss to be, it is lmost imspei?iively needed. A tidal wave of il:iterii;listu has Ieeon setting in upon civilisati:si thrlnugl our generation, tihreatenilng to submiierge all the old faiths by whlich iani has lived. If there be ainy spirit spheres env ironing our earthly life ort frolh W-liose IVssatttrlussrsIs irthl, Ills l 1i Inrluencees cal collie ill uion tnie nlnn of mlan, if ever tlhose spirit spheres hlave brooded low above our wortl, surely the time has come for such blessed inspira tions. All of which shows how Sipiritualisml is working its way into the strongllholds of tsrthodoxy and turning the mlirds of pro mrinent ecclesiastics in its favor. Suchll words call scarcely be construed as other than eulogistic, aimd they are made the more significant by ithe source from whence they corme.-- ible Echlo. 