THE MERCURY. HOBART- FRIDAY, AUG. 16, 1889 o EPITOME OF NE WS. Dividend on T.S.N. Co.'s shares at rate of 10 per cent., now payable. Free organ recital next Sunday afternoon at Town Hall. Meeting to consider Licensing Act this afternoon at the Exchange Rooms. Colebrook Racing- Club annual meeting this day. Sale of rights to vend liquors at Elwick Races on Wednesday next realised £32 5*. Nine Hobart firemen take part in brigade competitions at Launceston on the 21st prox. The usual special railway facilities an- nounced for Elwick race day, 27th inst. ' Major-General Edwards arrives at Laun- ceston on the 27th inst. Mr. J. W. Syme elected director of T.S.N. Co. yesterday, vice Mr. Justin Browne, de- ceased. Charge against Ellen Fry of maliciously setting fire to a dwelling-house at Sandy Bay partly heard at Police Court yesterday, and ajourned Metropolitan Lodge, I.G. entertainme at Baptist C to-night. < Hobart Parliamentary Debating Associa- tion meeting to-night, at usual place and hour. Dlnnorto workmen employed in building the Hobart Coffee 'Pataco given last'night to celobrate completion of the edifice. Launceston Hospital Board has decided to grant certificates of competency only to nurses who have passed examinations. Public meeting convened at Launceston for Monday next to urge Government and Par- liament to push on construction of Mount Zeohan Railway. Attorney-General promise! City Council deputation yesterday to introduce clause in Sanitary Bill giving Council power to charge properties under £36 valuation any sum not exceeding 12s. per annum, and abovo that valuation Od. in tho £. Three French ironclads have gone to Crete. Albert L. Barnotè, an importer's clerk, has shot himself dead in Hyde Park, Sydney. The Right Hon. H. Chaplin, M.P., b to bo the new Minister of Agriculture in England. Rich silver lode struck at Riley'» Creek, near Omeo. Assay lOOox. to the ton. Acceptances for Caulfield Hurdle Race and Grand Steeplechase are published. Two British sailors have been suffocated in a torpedo vessel. Bulgaria is said to be about to claim the right of independent Govorament i Boulanger, Dillon, and De Rochefort have been sentenced to deportation from Paris to ' some fortified place. The prospectus of the British East Africa Trading Company has been issued. Capita', two million». The German iiomi-official Press disavows any recognition of Lieut Peters' East African expedition.' Ministerial criais in Victoria the all absorbing topic Plots and counterplots rife to secure party .victory. , , ; <i '' James Snow, convicted of embattling £1,200 at Sydney, sentenced yesterday tofivo years' imprisonment, P. and O. Co. shares are advancing owing to tho recent favourable alteration in dates for departure of Australian mail steamers. Smokoless an i uoiseless powder used in tho recent naval sham tights has proved of practical utility. The Emperors of Germany and Austria are anxious to re-arrange terms with England for continuance of the Triple Alliance. Dr. Jamieson, of Sydney, has been ap- pointed 'Assistant Professor of Pathology at Edinburgh University. Sydney Stewart, a solicitor in Sydney, ac- cused of obtaining "money under false pre- tences, has been acquitted. A Californian barrister, in , a fit of re- vengeful fury, struck a .Californian judge. A deputy marshall standing by shot the bart later dead. Messrs. Wright, Reed and Beaver haio won first premium (£500) for design for National Mntual Assura-ice Offices in Mel- bourne, and T. J. Crouch, of Melbourne, second premium (£200). ' Correspondence between Tasmania and Queensland Government», re reciprocity, has boon published in Brisbane., Tasmania offers to reduce duty on Queensland sugar by £2 per ton if several malu Tasmanian products admitted free into Queensland. IN the Legislative Council yesterday, ' The petitions against the Hobatt Tramway Bill and Hobart Gas Bill were ordered to be printed. Further leato of absence for one month was granted to the bon. member for Mersey (Mr. McCall). The Destitute Children Law Amendment Bill «as road a third time and passed. * The Assembly's amendment to the Hobart Tramway Company's Bill were agreed to, the Premier giving a'i assurance that His Excellency the Governor would be advised to withhold assent to the bill, and to send down, a message recommending that certain words be struck gut of the first part of the first! schedule. i. . < Mr. WATCHORN moved the second reading of the Hobart Gas'Bill. Mr. CROSBY moved an amendment,-" That the bill be read a second time this day six months." A division was taken on the original motion (Ayes 3, Noes 6), and the amendment was then agreed to. The Marino Boards Bill was further con- sidered in committeo. All the clauses from 55 to tho end, and schedulo 1, «ere agreed to with the exception of clause 71, postponed. An addition was made to schedule 2, defining the boundaries over which tho Let en Marino Board-a new board-shall havo jurisdiction, and progress was reported on schedule 3. Assembly's resolution re Federal Council Constitution and the Formby Church Bill wore received, read a first time, and the second readings fixed.f or Tuesday noxt. The Council adjourned at 10.30 until 4 next day. - - - - .~-^---._ IN the House of Assembly yesterday. Ministers stated, during the course of the preliminary business, that there was no present intention of introducing a bill to amend "TheRabbits Destruction Act," but that they intended to deal with the Life Assurance Law so far as permitting an assurance company to pay to the widow or adult child of the deceased holder of a policy of assurance on his own life, for a sum' not exceeding £500, the amount of such policy, without taking out probate of his will, or obtaining letters of administration. Ex- planations were also given in reference to the Broadmarsh School, and the use of the esplanade noar the 'Don and Ulverstone by Rifle Clubs.' Lodge, I.O_J.T.l;#ptertauH it Chapel, HerriBtion-street On the motion ef Mr. LYNE, it was agreed that a longer table should bo placed in the Houso for the convenience of members. The Destitute Children Bill waa received from the Council, and read a first time. ': Parados of the Defence ' Force and Rifle , Clubs, : r, in,., presence ! of ?, , Major-General EDWARDS, wore agreed to, on a basis of ' payment'or provision of accommodation, ! details being loft in the hands of the Govern- ment. ,','.'.' '"'-'J' ' ?".... I Adis^cussion on a proposed revision of the ; i Customs Tariff on a fair, equitablo, and pre- . : tee ti ve basis was [initiated by Mr. FENTON, ; : but when it had occupied - nearly, three hour« ? j it was interrupted by* à point of order, and < I the SPEAKER ruled thai-it could not be pro- ' ¡ceedediwithVas it was an interference with | 'the work of the'Tariff 'Committee, now . luting. , ... :,-.,:,"-:":.;*.,,., -,..:, .;-,, . Motions ,wof o agreed to on,- the, following ¡8Übjecú':t-R«turn of rabbit destruction rates 'and wigrkdouein .the various /district« for the extermination of rabbits; German, and ' iScandinavian immigration | correspondence; ? j vote for construction of road from Waratah ! to' the Heazlewood Silver Mine,! ' t*» Godkln's ? jFinoV :"";!:':;;:;,",-.. ''"1;.J.;":./;:..";":.:";/, '? i Dr. YOUNG'S motion in respect.to the de- sirability of having an underway, opposite : j Victoria Ferry on tho Formby Railway, wa« : adjourned to enable the Minister, to; get; in- | formation upon the point. .>: -, .:¡ )?>?,::,:, j j . The second reading' of the ; Eight'.'Hours'. Bill waa moved by Colonel ST. HlLEJ bat the' measure was thrown out as being both par jtial'and unnecessary, or, a«, many ¡roecabers put it, "a «ham." '',* ;-?""?'," ¡- :' ??;.', .''.''''j '?'?' I Mr. DOXJLEY'S motion for production of i ; report qu' Table Cape LAghtbouae was carried. i Mr. BURGESS* motion for return of expen-' ; diture on Defence Force for first halfof cur- . i rent year was passed, the TRXAHURER point-1 . ing out that the information asked was of, an 'unusual kind.."'",'.',"' "''.'.\\.; '.'.' ,','..'.! Fourteen day«' additional leave was granted to thehon. member for Fingal, Mr.¡4. .tí, ' DAVIES.. ;.?:.. i\<h ?:?''.? ,\ -\\---,- ???''..-¡y-< Mr.. BURG Ens', motion for return in détail' ; of cost of action Main Line Railway against the Government was passed, the ATTOKNEV GBNER^aU^. that..thebill of cosU did notámpunt.'^ope^Iiirf.lho^tó .MK'íraooTí'STñwlion for^túrñAñnicted Wlttithe ;,LM'öäp»;aÄV.1j^MW^^iiir«jr wüpaiaed,'; ''.l.*l"'/.'¿v '.-/^S-ll'^v/''i>:;:.;7: I.The.TREASURER.intimated that,'the..::ia creates: in the eatimates would be dealt' with* 1 next' day'¡'also the' dútié« and Ipo'wérs of Trustee» .¡Bill, and, the MUto amend tat, Defence Act ¿* » <"" The House adjeoraed at\ ÍL10 until 4 p.m. next day. '. <.' - . TUBBS was a rather lively discussion io the Assembly last night ou a motion of Mr. FKNTONS, affirming that the tariff should be revised on a protective basis. The curious part of tho debate was, the ignorance displayed on sub- jects which are supposed to be well known, and which should be by all who venture on the discussion of such a question as this. The strange things that were said about Victoria, that standing example of protective success, might well astonish those who do know the facts, aud who are able to keep the fuota in mind. Mr. FENTON assumed through the whole of his speech that the development of Victoria dated from the time when a protective policy was adopted, and ¡rom this time advanced beyond New South Wales, which continued to adhere to a policy of ¿reetrade. The fact is, as most persons are sup- posed to know, that the rapid advance of Victoria was due to tho discovery of gold, and that it made astounding progress, whilst it had a tariff which embraced less than a dozen articles. So rapid was the advance in those days that Victoria was the marvel of the world, and it was only after it adopted a protective policy that New South Wales drew ahead, and it is now a question as to which colony the palm of superiority should be awarded. We do not say ,that the change was solely in consequence of the new policy adopted, but it is a fact beyond dispute that the protec- tive policy did not enable Victoria to keep her former position as compared with New South Wales. Then there were some very remarkable statements relative to the cost of living in Vic- toria and New South Wales, and it was actually seriously asserted that meat was cheaper in ' Melbourne thau in Sydney. Most persons are supposed to know that money goes a great deal further in Sydney than in Melbourne, and also that Victoria draws its supply of ment from New South Wales, and that there is actually a crisis in Victoria af< the present time brought about to get an increase in the stock-tax for the benefit of the farmers, who say that they cannot successfully compete against their neighbours. These ure some of the facts, as contrasted with the many fictions that are current. Let us take another example. The House was gravely told last night that Vic- toria had shown wonderful wisdom in promoting her manufactures, and woollen manufactures were specially referred to. Yet, ' what are the facts? Victoria has protected this branch of industry for some twenty years with high duties, and yet there is not a single prosperous woollen factory in the whole of the colony. It is not more than a month since the Ballarat Woollen Factory was placed in liquidation, and it has been in a struggling condition for years What has happened to the people7 During all this period the people of Victoria have been paying a duty of 20 per cent, on all the woollens which they have con- sumed, together with tj^e interest which the importers ~have charged upon the capital which thoy have in- vested as collectors, practically, of the revenue. Now, it must be quite clear to anyone who will tjjike th9 trouble to put a few figure*-together i that it would have been'[better to' have pensioned all concerned in the woollen mills, than .to have paid so much away in the shape of duty and the interest thereon. In fact, when the protectionists of Vic- toria set out on their campaign they proposed to themselyeR to shut up tho blue-stone stores built by those who imported "foreign"'goods, yet those stores remain, they have even increased in number, and their owners have made fortunes over and over again. . o Ona curious part tof the discussion was, that it was assumed that the farmers and others' in Victoria are quite contept The House was asked to look on the glorious picture which that colony presents, ' the moral, Lof course, being drawn,'that our farmers, graziers, and others would be as con- tent as they, if only? protective duties were imposed Yet, once' again, what are the facts ? So far from the ^farmers and graziers of Victoria being content they, themselves, aver that they cannot Uve. A country party has just been formed, the object of which is, to get a Whole host of duties to, further protect the_country indus- tries, and it is not impossible that it may even carry its^olicy'â'gaînst the Ministry Tins, be it remembered, is after moro than twenty years of pro- tection. In fact, we lenow of nothing which tells so strongly against a pro- tectionist policy ás, the fact that in Victoria no one is content, and, above all, the farmers are the most discon- tented class of all. Is this ihe state of affairs i thatv it is desired to pro- duce in' this colony ? ' Again, it( was asserted that the effect of protection iß to equalise the market, which was all the farmers wanted. We ask has the market been equalised in Victoria? Are the farmers content, as asserted, with the market which has been 1 provided for them ? ' They are answering for themselves at the present time in a very decided manner, being so prosperous and satisfied that they are actually afraid of Tasmania. If examples are worth anything this, surely, is conclusive. | We should require several columns to deal with all the fallacies and half ¡ truth«. that were j put forward last night, and the tum-sequityrii that were "propounded ,/with the' utmost gravity. One we must, however,'1 refer to, as it is an old and very familiarone, we mean the example of,, the united States. The answer is^'of course, that no such protective policy exists there as is i found in Australasia The Federal Consti- tution absolutely'forbids anything of the kind, and one State cannot protect itself against another, whilst we, here, propose to do the very thing which there , cannot ( be done. Another fallacy was that "a protective policy is going to 'benefit both the producer and the consumer, one is to Î;et more whilst the other is to pay ess. How this is to be done no one vyas able to show, but, once again, < we may leam from experience. . It is [ only the other day that Mr. GIXUEB ?Mj"v.t-ri x - '. ' IM, in makiug his ; Financial: Statcraorjt, told the protectionist« that tho'dutiea which he was giving them would not help them long, as tile stimulus given to production would bring prices down. Of course it follows, as Mr. GILLIES saw plainly enough, that when this state of affairs is reached there can bo no revenue from the protective duties, which is the answer to the assertion that revenue should bo derived ' from articles made in the colony. Re- venue, as experience has conclusively proved, cannot bo got from operativo protective duties, for it is only where they are inoperative that they bring in revenue. The TREASURER of Vic- toria has no delusions on this point, whatever dolusions may be cherished here. PKKSONS interested in military matters will be interested also in tho discussion which took place in the Houseof Assembly yesterday, in reference to the expected visit of Goneral Edwards to tho colony,' and his inspection, of tho Defence Force, which is to bt> found in our parliamentary report. Tho plan of tho Government was to call out all the force, including tho Riflo Clubs, by oriel ing them half-a-duy's pay, the total expenso being estimated by the Commandant at about £130. This was, however, on the economical pinn of having two parades, one in Hobart, and one in Launceston, instead of only one, as anticipated by Gonernl Edwards. Mem- bers wore unnecessarily facetious about tho proposal to pay tho men, and some went so far as to say that the Rifle Clubs at least would rather be without their expense*. The defenders of tho paid system had, of course, dieir retaliatory cry that all the volunteering pure and simplo of past, days was prompted by a desire to, "showoff." Mr. Lette drew another lineÎ tho* ' Launceston mon were, in his iden, patriotic and desired no money, but tho Hobart men would not move without it,, not even to form a guard of honour at tho opening of "Parliament, though they were already Civil servants receiving the pay of the State. Dr. Crowther offered to have some of the men billoted on him in Mac quaric-street if thoy oamo up to tov.n volun- tarily, but at this splcndidoffcr of hospitality members only laughed. The one thing' lost sight of in the discussion was that the defence force, such as it is, i« tho work of Parliament, pay and all, and that no ono else is responsible for it. Eventually the) motion of Mr. Lewis, providing for the' calling out of the force, was carried, on> division, by a t large majority, but the amount of pay, or extent of accommodation, to be provided, was left an open question. THE rabbits invaded the House of Assembly yesterday, and w ero apparently the masters, 'or mistresses, of the situation. lu the first 'place the Attorney-General stated, in reply to Mr. Burgess (for Mr. Nicholas Brown),, that the Government h*d no intention at present of introducing any amending mea- sure'in conneotion with the eradication of the pest. Next, Mr. Bennett wanted a rather comprohenuhc return in connection with rates levied in the colony and work done with the proceeds. Mr. Pillinger ex- pressed a doubt if the Govommcnt hud the power to get tho information, but added u willingness to do his best in the matter, and with that, after a little discussion, Mr. Bennett expressed himself 'satisfied. Mr. Pillinger explained the roluctanco of the, Government to logislute afresh on the subject by saying that he thought tho present law, if made full use of, would be sufficient to keep down the post. Mr. Mackeniie was far more advanced in his views. JHe recom- mends! the use of the wire fencing that is being introduced so generally across the water ; and, with a touch of sarcasm, sug- gested that, if it were generally used, per- sons who wished ,to increase their rabbits 'could do so without detriment to their neighbours. Mr. Burgess ridiculed the idea that the-Government could not, if they wishe'd, get the information on the subject, and said that, had they not tho power, they ought to ha\e it. AU the speakers Boemod ' to think that at present, from various reasons, < the tiresome rodents reigned supremo ; and, ao far ¿s yesterday's action, or inaction, of the Assembly was concci ned, they were loft in that enviable condition. ii n^) j -===--------5S "I THAT,, poor old ghost, " keop the money in tho colony," appeared iii the Assembly yes- terday, though it was thought to have been laid long ago. What good| is tobo guiuod by keeping money in a country no one conde- scends to explain, inasmuch as the only use of money is to spend, and get commodities in exchange. Any man can keep money in ¿he country by ^simply digging a hole in the ground and putting his money into it, as people used to do with great satis- faction to themselves in days goin by. There is plenty of money in , England,' ' but luo owners aro not anxious to keep it there, ,os they can hardly got 2 per cent, for it/ to they ace looking for openings abioad, where they can get a higher interest. Millions', of sovereigns have bee'n'coiucd during tjic last fifteen years at the Melbourne Mint, but they do not stop in the colony, as anyoue can Bee for himself who will look at lue list of exports. If they did remain in tho colony they would simply raise i prices and do no good to anybody, but they are now ex- changed for commodities by which '«11 are benefited. There' is, indeed, no policy by which ¡money can ho kept in a country beyond what is lequired for tho transaction of its business, as it becomes cheap and is profitably exported to other places. Laws wera once in foi LU ugaiust the exportation of gold, but tiley always failed, and always must fail. ' J ' ( , " WiiEHK choie is a will there's a way, ' is an oft quoted saying, and it is particularly applicable to the action of the Legislate o Council m its dealings with the Uobait I ram way Company's Bill yesterday llio position of the lull was a peculiar one, it having virtually passed both Houses, and it contained a pidvision which had been objected to by the citizens, giving power to the compuny to lay down tram« ays ulong the wharves The Council were not desirous of allowing the company to hold this concession in face of the wish of citizens expressed by petition, and the only course open seemed to bo that of laying the bill aside, and if this had been done, it would doubtless have killed the project for some time Someone, bow o\ er, discovered a way out of the difficulty, and it was that Ministers should advise His Excellency, not to give assent to the bill, but to return it to Parliament with a message recommending that the woids, "with branch Unes to the Old Wharf and the Kew Wharf, and upon and along all wharves and jetties " be struck out of the schedule. This is just the way out of the difficulty which was required ,Mr Watchorn wanted^ to have tho Governor's recommendation for a new clause gi\ ing power to the Hobart Corporation to purchase at the end of 21 years, but he was not v. eli supported, and Mr Coote, like Con tho Shaughran ,who, at a trying momont, modo anxious efforts to "get an altbt," looked furtively about the chamber foi a " tele gram from London" to guide him Pool Con did not "get his altbt," but Mr Coote got his telegram just in time, and then ho announced that if anything more than the wharf concession was struck ou tv it would be fatal to the bill. "Wo. must not delay" said'ike concessionaire, " because.; all "the Loudon men will be off shooting as soon aa the season opona, and then the man around the corner will not be able to get the nionoy. " Tiie resolutions of the committee were agreed to after a lingering doubt had boen cleared from the mind of Mr. Crosby, and as the President was'putting the question »otto voce, remarks were made about a telegram having been written in the Library. Mr. Coote, howevor, states that the telegram caine f i oin tho«o having authority in the matter. A CONSIDERABLE portion of thelimo of tho Assembly yesterday waa taken up by au animated but incomplete debato ou tho sub- ject of .protection, the topic which moro than any othor has at the presont time tho power to attract tho interest and loosen tho tongues of members. The motion was one by Mr. Fenton, asking tho Houso to direct the Treasurer to roviso the Customs Tariff so as to place the duties levied on a fair, equitable, and protective bali«, and tho lion, gentleman certainly went atraight at the matter, leaving no doubt of his sentiments upon the subject. Mr. Sutton, who fol- lowed him, was equally preciso in the advocacy of frcetrado, while ho abo condemned Mr. Fenton'« i motion as thoroughly inopportune. The Treasurer took tho same view, looking to tho carrying of the resolution as overloading him beyond the extent of his capa- bility, seeing that ho was already a mem- ber of a committee which had been, ap- pointed to deal with tho tariff in a similar way to this, though this went a little further. The Speaker would not rule the motion out of order, but he also suggested that it might be botter brought on when the committee had reported, as tbeir report itaelf might assist in tho discussion. Mr. Bird's speech was an elaboration of his statement that tho motion was aelf sontrudictory, and that a protective tarilf could not be fair aud equitable. Messrs. Lyne and .Lewis > were other ptotcc tionist «peaker«, when just before 10 o'clock the Attorney-General caine down with ' more " authorities " as to the ii regularity of tho debate, which so con- vinced the Speaker, that he ruled the dis cusiion could not be proceeded with. There were some protests at this, aud Mr. Fenton, in his wiutn, went so far as to talkubout, " burko"-ing the question, and the Govern-, meut being ufraid to meet it. In the dis- cussion on the tardily- ruiaed point of order the gre it issue literally fizzled out. . ? IN the course of an hour's deliberation o\ cr 'the Marine Boards Bill the committee of the whole in the Legislativo Council tluvcl over a wide range of subjects, which affoid opportunities for lion members to pose as | expert» upon many matters Last night there were opinions given with professional gravity, and in sonic instances professional pertinacity upon the method ,of shipping and discharging live stock, and it ended m hon members agreeiug to differ. Mr Crosby wanted to have cattle cat ried in sepaiate stalls, and not tied hy the head, and instead of hitting tlieni swim ashore, have them lauded on a whuif, so that they could walk on to the land, but Mr McGregor, who is an expert in shipping, failed to soo how this could bo done with advantago The Piemiei said that he had had regulations made for cirry ing cattle similar to thoaa in foico between the Continent of Europe and England, but thoy were found to be ultra vires, and they could only deal with vessels within tern tonal limits Mr Rooke who is an expert in almost anything, said he knew somothing about cattle, and the currying of them could and would bo arranged differently in any other port, but Hobart Dropping cattle, into the water ¡to lot thom swim ashore,! the hon. member for North Esk asserts, causes thein to becomcaheated, and they are killed in hot blood. The hon mein ber cannot know much about the tem poratuie of the Derwent, nor the way in which cattle are discharged, or he would not have been so persistent, but the whole dis cussion after all ended as such discussions usually do in nothing. ONOK more Mr Watchorn has been defeated in his attempt to pass a bill to enable the Municipal Council of tho City of Hobait to supply the inhabitants of the city aud suburbs with gas and electncity The lion member for Huon made out a sirong case, but the fate of the measure was decided upon long before ho rose to move that it bo read a second time, and probably, in many in- stances, without the leaves of the bill having been cut Die sarre old figurei were quoted to show the virtue of tho Hobart Gas Co with au assurance that might have caused innocent folks to think ¡that a Gas Co could he lurtuous, but the merita of the proposa) were left but altogether Tho bill has been ordered to bs read " this day six months,' which, as everyone knows, means that it is sholved for the ses sion, hut doubtless it will como again next year, and the year after, unless both the Gas Co and Parliament aio overtaken in the march of science and progress, and some method of lighting other than gas or elco tricity, capable of being proiluuîd'jwxtli less outlay and troublo, coat» ita i effulgent rays upon them ' Tu i I " "**?.' , ' ' NEW ZEALAND CAULK.-A message from Sydney to Tclcgiaph'Office, here yesterday morning'read thus--"New, Zealand cable still interrupted.'" Noutar 'AMERICAN CAIILEORAMS. - The following messago was received at tho Tele- graph . Olhoe . yesterday from C. Todd, P.M.G. Adelaide :-f*The Eastei n Telegraph Co. notify as follona :-j In order to remedy the inconvenience resulting from the absence of the indication of the date aud hour* of origin in North 'American cablegrams, they will transmit the datcjuid time such cable- grams arrive in London leaving,the dclhcr ing'administration to take''care to"make this observation upon tho copy delivered to the addressee.' " FRUIT IN LONDON.-The Lord Mayor of London, by way of stimulus to Home fruit- growing, has stipulated with tho Fruiterers' Co., that uU truit which, according to annual custom thoy may present to him and the Lady Mayoress this autumn, shall bo of English, and not of foreign growth. , LICENSING ACT.-A meeting of licensed victuallers and others will be held at 3 o'clock this afternoon at the Exchange Rooms to receive the report of the committee on the new Licensing Bill, and consider same. " ' ' ' ELWICK RACES.-The manager of the Main Line Railway ? announces by advei tise ment that return ticket» at single fares will bo issued to Hobart from Brighton and all Northern fetation« and sidings on August 20 and -21, available for return until 26th. From Mutions south of Brighton day trip ticket« will be issued on August 21. COLEBROOK RACING 'CLUB.-The annual meeting of members of the Colebrook Racing Club,' Jerusalem, and all interested therein,1 will be hold at the Railway Hotel, at 5 p.m. to day, to receive report and frame programme for the forthcoming meet, to be beldon November 0. SALE OTBOOTUS.-Tho right of vending liquors at Elwiok on Wednesday next was Bold by, auction at the T.P.A. and A. Co.'« mart yesterday. The following were tho successful bidders ¡-Grand stand bar, Mr. Clayden, £10 ; bar under open stand, Mr. J. Cooley, £11 ; permanont booth, No. 1, Mr. Richards, £5 Cs. The privileges realised the total sum of £32 SB. I.O.G.T. ENTERTAINMENT.-Tho Metro- politan Lodge announces an entertuinmont at tho Harrington-street chapel to-night, in which noarly thii ty parformcra will tuko part, i ' , SiaiiT.-A physician iu the University of Padua has succeeded in transplanting the cornea from tho oyo of a barn fowl into tho eye of a patient. In a few days the patient was able te use the newly-acquired sight. UNCLAIMED TELEGRAM.-A message ad- dressed " Mr. A. Robinson, Upper Davey street,*' awaits, an; owner, at the Telegraph Office, < [<^jj ' .,,".,, i'^ THK SANITARY BILL,-Yesterday a depu- tation from tho City Counoil, consisting of tho Mayor and all the Aldermen excepting Messrs. Watchorn and Howard, waited on tho Attorney-General for tho purposo of urging an alteration of the Sanitary Bill in terms of the resolution passed by the Council on Mondav lust. Tho Mayor briefly stated the reasons actuating the desiro, as already reported, und tho Attorney-General, after consultation, intimated his willingness to alter the bill, giving tho Council power to charge on all properties of the value of £30 and under an annual charge not to exceed 12s. each house ; above that valuo Gd. in tho £ to be charged. Where water service is laid on only half rale to bo charged, but tho Council to po-lsesB the power to charge for tho wator by meter. This alteration will bo made in the bill when it is next before tho House. CITY POLICE COURT.- Before the Police Magistrate yesterday, Margaret Haddock was finod 5s. or seven days for boing drunk and incapable in Campbell-street on the 14th inst. George Gibbs was mulcted in 6s., costs remitted, for driving without reins. John Hawkes, for obstructing the thorough- fare by depositing in the pathway a cuit load of stones, was lined Cs. and costs, or sown da>s. Ellen Fry was charged with maliciously setting fire to a dwelling-house at Sandy Bay on the 13th inst. Mr. D. H. Crisp (Crisp and Crisp) appeared for the ac cused. Jane Banks deposed that she had occasion to pass the house occupied by ac- cused on the night of the 13th, and saw smoke issuing. Knocked at the door, and gaining admission found the place in flames. The accused was intoxicated. Asked her where the children were, and she said that they were out. The children told witness afterward, that one of them put a lighted candle on the washstnnd. Francis Belstead, territorial coroner, deposed that, on July 17 he held an inquest on the origin of the fire above mentioned. Produced Ellen Fry's statement made at the inquest. Mary Banks stated that she had heard the accused threaten to set fire to the furniture. Cissie James also gave evidence. Sarah Hull, known as Sarah Cook, daughter of Ellen Fry, deposed that she put Arthur, Hector and Edward, three of her children, to bed on July 13, and then left the house. Her mother was in the lower front room A fire was in the kitchen grate, but not a large one, There were candles in the room where her mother was, but she did not know whether there were matches or not. W. G. Y. Jackson, the owner of the house, stated that the fire appeared to him to have originated in the front upstairs room. He asked the accused who had caused the fire, and she answered "One of the children." In his opinion the explanation given by her was a reasonable one. Accused also stated to him that a candle had been placed on the washstand, and as the ceiling was very low, he thought that that was the cause of the fire. The case waa here adjourned until to-day. MAYOR'S COURT.-At the Mayor's Court, held yesterday, Henry, Britton was fined 2s. öd., costs remitted, for allowing a chimney to be on fire. For keeping unlicensed dogs fines of 2s. 6d. each, costs remitted, were iufiictcd on tho following persons :-Arthur J. Tibballs, Mrs. Wilson, Richard Clark, Jumes Hill, and Frederick Clark. A few rates cases were also disposed of in the usual manner. _ FIRE, BHIGADE BOARD.-Tho ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Fire Brigade Board was hold yesterday. Present : Messrs. C. M. Maxwell (chairman), W. Smith, and B. T. Solly. A letter from the Chief Secretary was read, requesting that the Board would instruct the Superintendent (Mr. Maher) to inspect the fire appliances at the Cascade Training School, and drawing attention to the deficient icquirements for the supply of water. Mr. Smith said that it was under consideration to lay down a main pipe along tho road. Mr. Max- well stated that he had Bpokeu to Mr. Maher on the subject, and he said that if the water was' taken from tho now mam it would not cost a great deal, and there would bo plenty of pressure. Referred te Mr. Maher to report thereon. J. Langford ' wiotu, for the fiiemen, asking thut two days' leave might be given to nine of them to go to Launceston to take part in a competition on September 21, and i cqucsting tho use of a reel and appliances. In answer to a question by Mr. Solly, the Seciotary stated that the reel which the men would take was one that Is not in general use, aud was only used for competition!. Mr. Malier having written his approval on the letter, leave was granted. Accounts amounting to £1 3s. lod. were passed for payment. This concluded the' business. I CHALMERS LITERARY ASSOCIATION.-The usual weekly meeting was held lust evening with a good attendance picseut. Mr. Jas. Longmore presided. After the business, which was considerable, had been concluded, "Question-Drawing" was commenced, and this resulted in several good debates. Among the questions uskeil were ;-Should Western Australia have self-government? What should be the highest ambition of a citizen ? Docs this Association benefit from the Union? Is shaving healthy? Should the Main Lino ? Railway i bo purchased by Government? Should'capital punishment bo abolished ? Are the ¡proposed tramways noccssaryl? Those,were subjects for unlimited debute, and some voryinstruotiveand interest- ing points wero guthered. Tho chairman an- nounced that on Thursday ovening next tho " Trial of tho breach of promise case," which wus adjourned «orno timo back, will bo completed, and the same success may lie anticipated, and as a general desire has been expicssed to have a decision on the case, this will be brought by the jury of seven elected. TKMI'LRANOE CRUSADE MEETING.-The eighth public meeting of tho Temperance Crusade Mission wus held in tho Borea schoohoom -last evening. The attendance wuB only modérât«. Mr. G. W. Ifo occupied the chiur, and. addresses on the following subjects were given :-By i the Chairman, " Keeping tho right sido ;" C. Grahame, on " Consistency ;" G. Marsden, " The im- portance of training children in temperance principles ;" G. Potter, " Poison and food j" B. Smith, from Gould's Country, ' " Tho nowcr over foreo of example ;" Mr. J. Nicholson gavo u humourous reading! "The one-legged gooaej" Mr. J. Ingrain sang in his UBUttl pleasant style, "ABC" and "We've, left the bund;" Miss Leather barrow recited "The dying child" very nicely. During the evening the following pieces were sung :-" I sei ve the causo of temperance,'! "Dare to do right," "Soon the sons of Hobart,'! and ¡', Work for , the night is coming." The benediction, pro- nounced by tho Chairman, brought ,the meeting to a'close. SONDAI* AFTERNOON ORGAN RECITALSI Tho first of a ,80 ries of oigan recitals: of sacred music will bu given, ou Sunday next by Mr. V. A. Packer, who, has placed his set vices at tho disposal of tho Corporation for that purpose. The i cuitáis vi ill take piuco from hulf-past 3 to liulf-nnat 4 o'clock, und wülbcopcntotliepublic freeofiillchaige Tho fine*^>rgan in the Town Hull lins lately been nut into thorough order by Mr. Fincham, of Melbourne, mid it is satisfac toiy to find that it is not to bo allowed to remain silent uny longer. Tho holding of Sunday afternoon rehearsals lias special ad- vantages to the citizen«,, inasmuch as it 'will enable a great number 'of those who are otherwise employed during week days to enjoy listening to tho graiid instrument in question. The progruinm^ ( of the initial recital will include selections' from the works of Handel, Haydn, Mendelssohn, and other great masters, and should, from an artistic point of viow, prove as instructive as en- joyable. We cannot, however, refrain from adding that the action of the .Corporation in requiring any gentleman presiding at tho organ to pay all'expenses is mean in tho extreme, considering that such set vices are gratuitously given for the enjoyment of tho citizons. CHURCH AND STAOK-On Monday and Tuesday next Mr. Geo. C. Milli will make his first appearunco as a lecturer before the Tasmanian public in the Town Hall. ' His lecture is entitled " Candles and Footlights, or Church and Stage as friendly forces.' Hiving been formerly associated with the une profession, and taking rank himself with the best born of the. other, Mr. Miln bas without a doubt a good right both to speak, and claim a hearing. A history ef the stage m its rotation to the pulpit shows that each is influenced by the other. Where the pulpit appeals to " the ninety and Dine just per- sons who need no repentance," the stage will oftentimes bring repentant tears to the eyes of the odd one who has been lost sight of. As Mr. Miln bears the reputation, both in his own country and Australia, of being an orator and scholar of a very high order I there should bo a crowded house on the occasion.' His Excellency the Governor, Lady Hamilton, and suite have signified their intention of being present on Monday night. DROWNED -A boy named Herbert Groom ridge, late of Kelly-street, fell from tho barge Luuru, off Sundy Bay Point, yester- day, morning, and was drowned. The barge, which was on the way to a Channel port, was not brought hack for the purpose of a report being made to the police, but was taken on towards its destination. ,. < SSIHKY Hue.-"Well'e Health Banawar "natone hsalth 'aad vifor, eunrDnpepii*. Impotaiiea^exual DabUHy. ill ebanista and'dnc*llUv< lenoB,' Qruuwai« and Co,,' ¿«tala, lUlseoro«. 