O UB MELBOURNE ' LETTER (laolt ore QffX COliiiEapONDENT.) ? As was all aloag aaticipatea a cnsis has oveutuicad ba the Stock Tar. Tbat it a sub ject which baaata as like a gboat, aod- it -will continae'so .to do until it is once, and for all emphatically laid. It is doobtfal irhother tho G-oreraiaoat is proceeding ia the trisegt way to effoct, that very desirable end. By treating the amendment proposed on the Badgst as a hostile movement agsmst.the Government the Pcemier has so eataegled! the sitiiatioa that the much vexed question upon which it has arisen 'will, aftor.- the division,, bo left exactly where it was found. No . doubt tbo Ministry will be saved, but the , Stock-Tax will, remain to be tlia pivot of another crisis' at', any time that tha Opposition seea fit to revive' it At tl]e present junctnW members will ivote' for or against : the- Gevernment, and', not the St-ck Tax as they stiauld do. It cannot be denied bnt that Mr Gillies is canstitntiooally, justi fied in so obacnripg the issue, hat as there jb no necessity for such a'mantsuvre its adoption is to be-regrettod. If a straight vote wore taken on the Tar it would be onie and for, all , seen that the country is opposed to its imposi tion and th'ere'would be an'end of the njatter. To freetrade-s aad federalists the Tax -is ex tremely ? objectionable, -bat - such apostles of tho principle* of political purity ' andf. high thoaght,- tre at preseot without a'party. . The. is true to. them; somstime., objection. ably «o,:for it cannot keep tint objectionable eubBtabtivo 'Impflriali-m'-'ioot of.its columns; but a-i for any «ther- organised ,resistoace. to Protection ana selfi*hne.B there, -is i one. . Tho. Government is. wofnlly inc^osistent. ! Com posed as it '-is of freetraders aod Protoetion jiets its policy is a patchwork' of both-^choolH. It talks grandly of. not imposing a Stock Tax in the interests of Australian nnity : yetlevies imports bn eggs and jami which are as equally the products of the otnor colonies as'C-tttle, On th'e Whole our politics cannot be contem plated in anv spirit otber than that of con. temptuous cynioism. ; , , Some 'sensation . has been occasioned by the announcement that' a Bection'op the legal 'pro fession is making a movement for the removal from the Bench.-of Jpdgi-; Q.jialnn, the Senior Judge of tbe County Court: A meeting of the .conspirators— for ?ooh, .thoy aro, - concealing their identity, holding - socrot ' conclaves, and aiming at the- honour of a fellow being — was'held at AIoncieVHatsllaBt week,' at which it was decided to aik;; the Government, to appoint a eommiditiQnpr, to, in vestigatt the' judicial oaaracter' of 'their vie*, tim. Although the agitation has bren in pro-' gres^gfpr aconaidarableiime,' it wrta not' saa pectel by the pabllc, and much, aatprise;, was; expressed when the conspiracy, was : inadver tently exposed; for,,' I' uo'dorsuiid 'that' the plan bi attack was hot cohsider'ed to be stiffl— ciently matured to be published, Tha chief charge against the Judge ia tlut he has : per sistently exhibited a prejudice in favour of Ilia co- religionists, the Roman Oitholics-, b ih of the. bar and of the dock. ' Nothing' definite has,- however been, so far, divalged. ; It is the general opinion that: tho; indictment ,wiU, not; be suata(ued.; There is a etrong, a very strong leaveq of Oring'sinn all through oar law de partment from 'the 'Judge' on. the Siinreme Court— Bench ' down to the Clerk of Petty Heisionsi Jodge.QuiuUnis.'Ithink, tho onlyf Botnan Oathpliojo^ the Bench, he u therefore a target :for a groat multitude of the barbs , of bigotry which are as pointed as thoy ate poi ?oabiii. | If euch provei the case he will have the' sympathy -of the community, -whilst his vilo calumioatora will Carry its well - merited condemnation. . : ? , , , ,ilt ia very pleaaiag to have to write 'oil' tho ' success df_ a young Australiau'author, and euch is tho subject pf: th(a particular pjaugraph of my opintle. i : Oh Saturday night- the tirtt pre^ eontstioi ~ of Hr' Haddoa Chambcr'e dremti. ' Captain Swift,', was given at: the Princoas Theatre jamidat applause and enthusiasm. Mr Chambers first ' came out' as a dramatist in London, | and jheld the high honor of havinjg: aiored_tho fltage saocoaa of a 8eaaoQ._ Ho ifl a native of Sydney aod'eamo to' his o«n cdan 't?y*8, history fortUo, sobjpet of his plaf, ' Cap: ,tMp Swift** ia*a baahraDt^er who, after attaint 'ng. a dishonorable distinction at: his colonial calling finds his wayintothofirit ,8oai«ty [of England, Tbero la developod a'stotj which is simtUr to that of tho prodigal rgeoliupRich ard Savage. There is the samo myst^y 'aboat the Captain's birth, which causos 'tho samo iQConveni6Qce,(but it is iiot accompanied by the inhammitr of a mothor as vas~.tbe:~fact with the friend of the great Johnson. After some highly dramatio seenos the play is ended by the snicido of the'Captain juat^on the point ef being hounded down by 4tbo detectiros. The porformanco met -withes vory cordial reception, not only on account of itcelf^'btib also as. boing a sign indicating a - prospect of better things. from the same soarce in wkiehi bettor things- should befit to rank with tbo first, -, 