OUR MOTE-BOOK. v ? ? ? ? 1 A TKBBIBIiB CHABGE. We have been informed by a gentleman whose word we cannot doubt that some very .extraordinary and unsportsmanlike conduct has been exhibited on the Parra matta Biver amongst the rowera. As everyoBeiB aware, young Kemp has been matched to pull a lad hailing from New Zealand, named Stephenson, and the rase is set down for Friday next. If what we are (old ia true, it would appear that 8te$hfeii8Dn (who is a atranrer) cannot leavo hyt shed without either Kemp, Neil sen, Stansbury, or some one or other of i thdr'cliqua immediately patting out, and | while one lines him in front another will tail him' np, thereby preventing him from obtaining the exercise he requires. We hope this is not true, and that Kemp's party an in a position te disprove it for their own eake. They have had their day out of the public, and a good one it haa been, and the least they can do is to be have themselves aa sportsmen, and not forget that the Parramatta River does not belong /to them any more than it doeB to anyone - else. If guilty of such conduct they cannot be termed a hj thing else than contemptible cowards, and may depend upon it that tho public 'will not stand such proceedings. Of ccurse' i£ is well known that: an old feud exists between the Kemps and Mattersons, and as 'Stephenson is a representative of the latter, tbe complaint would appear to have % little colouring. A3 we said before, we hope it is not true that they dog Stephenson up and dowa the river, Sir most assuredly if thsy do, Buoh bad con duct will recoil on their own backs. The outside World cares nothing abont there being ]& misunderstanding between the paitiee, but it will insist upon fair play being' given to everyone, and more par ticularly to a ttranger, no matter whose money is behind him. ? * ♦ ODB TBOTIKBS ABBOAD. So it appears that Messrs. Morris and Knight, tho owners of Girryowen and L. Jeanne, who took a trip to Brisbane with their' respective horaeB, nave returned with a grievance, which, if as stated by them, is a veryjBerious ono. The item of expense and risk attached to trucking horses to any colony is one which prevents many people .from taking the journey, and it is but reasonable to expect that they should .receive '? fair' play after running such hazarda. With regard to the fac^s of the case we might say that we are not altogether conversant with them, but from what we have been told itappsirs that Gaftyowen and O. Jeanne started in the Brisbane Driving Park Handicap Crjt, the prire being 100 sovs , and the distance 3 mile#. Garryowen was placed 45 sec. behin^coratoh, while his companion was on the fOaec. behind soratoh. The race was tr^ly tun, and Badger, the property of Mr.l W. Stephens, ML.A,, won com fortab^f. . Acooiding to the conditions of the nee, horses in saddle were to carry list. Jib, and those driven 10at 101b. After Qse race Messrs. Knight and Morris enters*. a protest against Badger, the winner, on the ground of insufficient weighfc when it was admitted that Badger was a stone short, but at the same time it .waa claimed he was entitled to the concession on aocount of being only 11.2 Mjgl^j'ffot satisfied, with the explanation, Ihe'fiiSft&rtftra; insisted on the horse being meaeurtd; but for Borne reason or other this was not done until two days after the race, with the result that he would not go under 14 2i. Now if thisbe so, then Knight was clearly entitled to the prize money, and it seems strange, that Mr. Stephens, M.L A , and vice-president of the olub, should be the perebn, above all others, to stand in the way and prevent him from . getting it. Gentlemen in suoh a position ae he is . should set a better example, otherwise they cannot expeot to be patronised by strangers. Ho irever, as the case is likely to be threshed out in court, we will let it drop tor the present, only stopping to state that some pop alar sporting men of Brisbane are sabaenbing in order to have it thoroughly teated. W a are glad that Knight did not compromise himself by aocepting second prize. THB SIBHEY BBimfl PABK. Nothing better cenld have been wished for than tine attendance at the meeting of the Sydney Driving Park Club on Wed nesday last Folly 4000 people were on the gronnd, and appeared to enjoy them selves thoroughly. The great considera tion was the fine weather and good tracks, bnt it was notioeable that the latter were rather dusty. Nevertheless, they were very firm, and good times were pnt np, and no, accident of an y sort whatever ooourred. In the absence of Mr. Harry Dawson, Mr. Motley (secretary) was depot, d to wield the red fl «g_, bat hie effoite were not up to expectations, nor nearly as good as he himself could- have wished. Still some excuse is available, is the boys when on ponies seem to im igiae that they have an unlimited license to do as they plea3°., and Offing to insufficient control having .been observed, together with a lattitude as elastio as it is possible to imAgine having been given them her a- tofor--, it is not surprising that they oarry on their little pranks. However, the old saying that ' a new broom sweeps olean ' was proved by the faot that Mr. Morley did not infliot a single fine, though it oannot be denied that every provocation was given him. Outside this P. M'Gcath was muloted in the mm of j82 for using, wrong colours, and Dudley's owner oame in for the sum of £5 for non-soratohing in the Galloway Baoe. Mr. John Bennet, assisted by his brother offioials, carried out their part of the programme faithfully and fairly with the publio, leaving nothing whatever to be cavilled at. A commence ment waB made with the 12 3 Handicap Pony Raoe, for whioh five Midgets faoed the flag, Edward the.First being a great favcurite at even money, with Phcabanexfc in demand at 2 to 1, and outside these nothing else was backed. The start was an indifferent one, out o£ . which. Frenie made most play, but shortly after settling down Phoobe, who was the last to begin, ran to the front;, closely followed by Ino, when a good race was witnessed for the lasttwo furlongs, which Ino won. It appears to us that Phoebe is 'more than unfortu nate ; not that she is not thoroughly honest but that the handioapper estimates her too highly. We do not wish it to be thought that we have any speoial liking for any horse or any horse-owner, but at the same time we demand that every horse should have a chance to win.. But we fail to see how this little thing can possibly have a ghost of a show with the heavy imposts she is asked to carry. To «ay that she is such a wonder that 8 it. 71b. is necessary to bring her back to her field is nothing short of nonsense, and it is a pity that the handicapper was not compelled to carry something in propor tion about town in the shape of a suit of clothes, when he would soon find ont where tho shoe pinches. ' The Park Stakes brought out ten runners, for which Cupid ran home the easiest or winners, nothing else having the slightest show. Shall we say that the adjuster of weights knew nothing whatever of the gelding? Per haps' that is the beat way to get out of the difficulty. If, on the other., hand, he did, then he must have over-estimated the abilities of Cupid's opponents, as he made a - procession of the race, and won withont an effort. Passing on as rapidly as pos sible, we come to the Selling Galloway Race, which was devoid of much interest, aB First Belle, when set going* waltzed away from her field and finished as she pleased three lengths clear of Tommy, who, no doubt, did his best. For the Pony Race, Violet found most fanciers at even money, and getting the best of a bad start, ran away with the lead and, never being caught, won comfortably by three-parts of a length. The Two-year- old Trotting Stakes tended in disappoiatmsnt, as Dr. Slate's black filly Mabel, by Haon, was supported at odds on, while Lord Exeter, by Honesty, had felw friends indeed at 4 to 1 against. As soon as the word wa3 given, Mabel rushed to the front, but Gardiner, who had charge of Lord Exeter, kept the colt moving, and after going a hundred yards, pressed the favourite so hard that she went up, and never being troubled afterwards, won by fully a hundred yards. Tho time was slow, but no doubt the contestants did their best, and it was pleasing indeed to see such a moral go under, notwithstanding the faot that she had a friend in Orion to assist her if need be. However, we think the best horse won. There is no doubt on thiB point bo far as looks went, and as Loid Exeter is very docile, it is reasonable to expect that he will show to great advantage in time -to come. A very bad start and' an extraordinary long delay was experienced in the Moore Park Handioap, for whioh Mignon was most in request at 2 to 1, Warripet being marketable at 7 .to 1, with but few takers. When the flag fell. Fairy Boy jumped away with the lead, and holding . it until turning into the straight, where he appeared to have the race won, Warripet (his stable com panion) came with a great dash and just snatohed the raoe out of Fairy Boy's mcuth by a head, none of the others being capable of getting near the leader*. TATIEBSALL'S MEETING. No olub in New South Wales is more popular than Tattersalls with the sporting people 01 oyuuey, anu aeaerveaiy so. Everything that can be done for the com fort and convenience of the olnb's patrons ia seen to and got in readiness days before a reunion. Large sums are given in prize money, and the offioials are striot and painstaking. Saturday's meeting was no exception, and we are pleased to note that the public responded fairly well, bat not so numerously as oould be wished ; still a very pleasant time was Bpent, and though the books oame out with a little the best of the bargain, still baokers were satisfied. The weather was beautifnlly fine — truly spring weather — which enticed ft large number of the fair sex to grace the meeting with their presence. The raoing was particularly interesting, as large fields faced the starter on every oocasion, no less than 99 horses taking part in the five events— an average of 19} per race'— while the finishes were olose. On no previous occasion was the oonrse so good and fast as will be observed by the fact that* Drilldool won the Hurdle Raoe, 2 miles, in 3min, 52seo ; Merriment got over the 6 furlongs in the Tramway Handicap in lmin. lfiseo; Komisoh won the Selling Raoe, 7 furlongs, in lmin. 29iseo.j Correze . the Two-year-old Stakes in 49}seo.; and Bustler romped in with the Spring Handi cap, 1£ mile, in 2min. llseo. These records are sufficient. With ne leas than fourteen in the Hurdle Raoe, one expected to hear better odds offered than the old stereotyped phrase 'Til lay 3 to 1 the field' from the books. There was some beating about the bnsh, however, before any substantial favourite oould be found. Some knowirg ones selected Ayrshire, others David, a few Diomed ; bnt the right one eventually oame in the shape o( Drill dool, who before the flag fell was as firm as a rook at 6 to 4 Diomed coming next at 6 to 1, while 10 to 1 against anything else was refused. The raoe is easily desoribedi as after settling down Raven ran to the front and led round the home turn, where David lost his rider. After this Diomed took oommand, followed by Drill dool, and led up to the sheds, where the favourite ont mm down, and ran home an easy winner bom Drummer, who was four lengths olear of Artist and Kangaroo. The Tramway Handioap produoed no. less than twenty-nine runners, the baokers of Glen Elgin accepting aa low as 3 to 1 about his ehanoe. Paddy was marketable at a point longer odds, while Merriment, the winner, had a good following at 8 to 1\. Theraoewasa good one, bnt Merri ment's viotory was undoubtedly owing to the advantagejhe got out of a wretchedly bad send off. |He and Sequel were first away, and neither being headed they finished in that order, with Greyling, who is earning 'quite a reputation for place getting, filling the unthankful position of third, thereby gaining barren honours. It was extremely difficult to imagine how Glen Elgin's party could repose Euch faith in him after his doings on the training track. This no doubt is attributable to the horse having been hidden in some way, or carrying a deal mord in his exercise than was known. It invariably happens that people get too clever, and fall | in, and when, they do it always occurs that they give the handi- ; capper a true line, as their horses ' abilities. _ Now, Mr. Scarr was told in tho best way it was possible to tell him that Glen Elgin was a long way the best horse in that twenty-nine. The money spoke, and it never lies. If the handicapper lets him in again with 7st. 81b. he is not so observant as we take him to be, and it will not surprise us to see him romp home. All that can be said about it is that it will not be fair to others, and perhaps that is enough to be said just now. The Selling Raco, on paper, looked a good thing for the Hon. W. A. Long's chestnut gelding Rebellion, . if one might take a line from the quota- - tiona. It was somewhat surprising to see i the hon. gentleman's representative taking part in thia class, seeing that he termed selling races as bastard events at the late A.J.C. annual meeting. But then he might possibly wish to get rid of Rebel lion, and thought this waa the most lucra tive way of doing so. We wish he had won, only for the reason to see whether he wShld buy him back again. The privilege, however, was denied him, though Rebellion ran well. Komisch waa heralded as the winner, but. had more use been made of The Felon he must have won with ease, as he was galloping hand over fist over the leaders, and finished a good second. On being submitted to ? auction Komisch was bought by Mr. W. Brennan for £160, all of which went to the clnb, the institution gaining a 'tenner' more than it gave in prize money. Of course the Two- Year- Old Stakes looked a moral for Correze, who Bhowed suoh speed at Rosehill on tho previous'Saturday, and he fairly paralysed the betting, hii price being 6 to 4 on, while 8 to 1 was offered about the next best, that one being thought to be Heiress. Little Clair made all the running until within fifty yards from home, when the favonrite, ridden by Fielder with a curb bit, puc in his claim, and galloping like a steam-engine passed the filly and won by two lengths ; after whioh he galloped into the fence, bnt did no damage beyond ssraping a few hairs off his near cheek-bone and near foreleg. ThiB exploit has caused him to carry a 71b. penalty in the Maribymong Plate, bnt should he retain his form that cannot stand is the way of viotory. Quite an army went out to do battle for the Spring Handicap, Singapore starting at 2 to 1, Harmony and Bernardo at 5 to 1, and the winner (Bustler) at 20's. Bustler ran a great horse, and won by three lengtha in 2min. Usee. If that was Bernardo's true form, and we think it was, then his show in the Hawkesbury Handicap does not look a very rosy one. While on this Singapore must not be forgotten, as he out up even worse, and doubtless those who rushed the good thing they thought he was for the Melbourne Cup will be anxiously looking for some one to take their responsibilities off their hands. - Altogether the meeting provided a splen- I did line for ooming events, and it is not ' too muoh to expect that some of the winners will find their names enrolled as viotors in some of the good things to come. ? ? ? BBUTAL 8POBT. Now that boxing and prize-fighting seem to have taken a fresh hold upon sportsmen all over the world, the' old ory abont the brutality of the sport is being raised with all its old vigour and more canting hypocrisy than ever. There is a certain section of the Press whioh baoks np the puling preachings of the Sunday sohool bank defaulter and the immoral ohapel-shining light, and their miserable mouthings are voiced through the land. Thsy cry out about the brutality o£ boxing and the degradation of the human raoe. They denounce with venomous vigour those who take a pleasure in seeing a good mill between two good men, and they call down the wrath of Heaven and the State upon all participants in a pastime whose votaries have at least as good a right to enjoy their own sport aa the saints have theirs. All this is utterly siokening to reasonable-minded men. There are plenty who would not attend a prize fight, but xead of it eagerly. Plenty, again, who would do ' neither, and yet can see no earthly reason why two men should not contend with Nature's weapons if it pleases them to do so. These Beotions of all com munities, as well as the ardent lovers of the game, are constantly nauseated by the empty twaddle about 'brutality' and ' lowering ef the standard of manhood.' Pretty standards of manhood the average preaohers against manly sport present truly, that we should be coerced into accepting them as standards. On this snbjeet that olever writer 'A Crank on I Fighters ' in the .Boston Poliob Nhws | has the foUowing pithy remarkB, whioh pretty well cover the gronnd. He writes : — ' I have laboured through some columns of rigmarole in tho daily news papers, purporting to be arguments against boxing, based upon the Sollivan Kilrain ring' fight. It impresses me as somewhat remarkable that the bumptious kiokers against eparrera find pugilists: have so argument to mike against boat raoing. when five men in; a shell topple over in a faint, aa they - did in the . Columbia College race at the oonclueionof the recent race . at New London; Conn. Why don't we have a hne and cjry against aquatics P Men faint and men drop dead in boatracing. Men, women, and children meet death in yachting. Gentlemen- _ jockeys and professional jockeys lose theii lives in steeplechasing. Ball players are struok with baseballs or by ball clubs, and crippled for life or fatally injured. Just why _ the paragraphers who want to banish pugilism and boxing because somebody gets hurt at tho game, don't say anything about tho abolition of boat racing, or ball-playing, or lacrosse, or hurley, or mounted polo when anybody gets hurt or killed, I cannot understand. The prejudice that they at tempt to excite against boxing is not only ill- conceived, but the line of argument oa which it is based holds good against a dozen forms of sportv When it comes to raising objections to boxing on the Bcore of ruggedness or brutality, football or baseball does much more damage.' Certainly, all healthy pastimes indulged in the open air or under cover by tha races of the world have more or less o£ danger in them— hence their charm to a , great degree. The thousands of both, sexes who go to see a football match hero in Australia are likely to see many more and more serious injuries inflicted during the progress of a friendly game than they who attend-glove or even fist fights would see in a year. If a huge section of our fellow men enjoy prize fighting they havo as good a right to that as their more straight- laced brethren have to their bun worries. The well-known English writer 'Rapier' is responsible for the following : — ' Mr. Proctor had a rooted conviction that: betting was iniquitous and rascally, and nothing ' else, and here is another Prootorian anedote of odds. ' A curious instance of the loss of all sense and honour, or even honesty, whioh betting begets, occurred to me when I was in New Zea land. A bookmaker (' by profession,' as he said), as genial and good-natured a man as one would care to meet, and with a strong sense gf right tmd justice outside betting, - had learned somehow that ten horses can come ill (apart from dead heats) in 3,628,800 different ways. This curious piece of in formation seemed to him an admirable way of gaining money from the inex perienced. So he began to wager about; it, endeavouring— though, as will be seen* he failed— to win money by wagering on a certainty. Unfortunately he oame early across a man as onto as himself anda shade cuter ( a brig and brigand et demi}, who worded the question on whioh the wager turns thus In how many wqys can ten horses be placed ?' Of oourse,this is a very different thing. Only the first three horses can be placed, and the sets of three whioh can be made out of ten horses number only 10 times 9 times 8, or 720 (there are only 120 actual sets of three, but each set can be plaoed in six different ways). My genial (but whatever he thoaght himself) not quite honest; friend, submitted the matter to me. Not noticing, at first, the technical use of the word '.placed,' I .told him there were 3,628,800. different arrangements; he re joiced as though the money wagered were already in his pooket. When was this cor rected, and I told him his opponent had certainly won, as the question would ba understood M betting men, : he was at first depressed ; but presently recovering, he said, ' Ah, well; I shall win more out of this little triok, now I see through It, than I lose this time.' ' Concerning the intentions of Southern owners with regard to the V.R.C. Meeting, the Canterbury Times says 'Mr. Stead informs us that he has not yet made np hi* mind about the trip, bnt thinks it im probable Maxim will be found among the competitors for the Melbourne Cup. The horse is going on well, but Mr. Stead ia not tempted by his- weight, and wonld be re luotant to. spare Mason and Clifford during what promises to be a very busy season here. At the same time the idea has not been abandoned; and in this case we may be quite sure that while the horse is left m the race there is some chance of the en gagement being fulfilled. There is also some doubt about the future movements of Mr. O'Brien's representatives. Vandal, it seems, was withdrawn from the Cnp three or four days ago, and the -appearance oE his name in the list of acceptances is un explained. Dunkeld continues to please his. owner, and we gather from what has fallen from tiie latter that if the owners oC Merrie England and Corunna eleot to con fine' their attentions to New Zealand he will have a cut in at the V.B.C. Derby. The ability Bhown by the Lonsdale two-year- olds during the next week or two may also have something to do in forming Mr. O'Brien's final determination. The Hon. W. Robinson's intentions are also insora table. A Melbourne Cup viotory is an espeoial ambition of tho owner of Chain shot and Merrie England, . and probably there has never heen a better opportunity for its realisation than at present; but Mr. Robinson is not at all likely to take the publio into his confidence, and wo can only hazard the opinion that he has not yet made np his mind on the subjeot, bnt will finally determine toi' go.' ? Tha WoUoDgong -Turf Olub will hold it* spring meeting on Ootober 23 and 24. Nomi nation! for the WoUooRosff Hondo*? and Town Plate are due on Friday, October It, and weights are due on the 15th ; general entries and acceptances on Ootober 18. Sandy Bote, Ben of tho old wartior who twioe fought and was defeated by Larry Foley, fight b J. lewis for a trophy and a aide wager of a tenner in Walsh's Athletio Hall, Waterloo, on September 18. The mare Paintress has at last shown the stuff Bhe is made of by winning the Newport Handioap at Moonee Valley, likewise tha Sp;ltiawood Handioap. ' ? ? ? ? '? ^ 