—Madame Berry, 7s; North Woah Hawp, 6d. NAZR-ED-DEEN, Shah of Persia, is doing an European tour, and is at pre sent the guest of Queen VICTORIA. So far as outward ceremony goes, his trip is a sort of anti-climax to the almost triumphal progress he made into and over the British Islands just 16 years ago. At that former visit a dozen or so of ; British- ironclads went out 'to meet him on the high seas, and a non descript fleet of several hundreds of private craft acted as an honorary escort to the British shores. Two of the Queen's sons awaited him at the Dover pier, and escorted him to the princely hospitality of Buckingham - Palace, which was placed almost wholly at his use and service during his stay in London. The popular excitement and the popular talk were crystallised in a semi-comic song, the refrain of which was “ Have you seen the Shah V The upper circles of London society lionised the Eastern potentate who came to it, clad at all points in barbaric splendour, and Britishers of every degree worked themselves into a very craze of excitement over the visit of the Persian ruler. Nobody explained, and possibly nobody knew what this feverish excitement was all about. Apart from his gorgeous apparel and the pomp and circumstance of his Ori ental surroundings, the Shah was seen to be a commonplace man enough. His personal peculiarities and habits were of a sort which, in the case of a less distinguished individual, would have ensured summary ostracism from re fined society. And Jomr Bull neither knew nor cared whether the visit of Persia’s ruler had any real political importance. ' Disraeli had, long previously, focussed his mystic eloquence upon the “Asian mystery,” and, to the rank and file of the British folks, as perhaps to the bulk of the superior ranks in society, this “Asian mystery” was accepted as a sort of inscrutable but highly respect able national family ghost. Nazr-ed- Deex came to London in 1873, and the British populace yelled itself hoarse, if not speechless, over a visit which, so far as appears, had no adequate social significance, and no political significance whatever. The same potentate returns to London in 1889 and the omniverous correspondents of the Australian press, despatch the incident in a few lines, although it may be that the gravest political issues will be determined dur ing his stay. Most likely the lack of effusive greet ing to the Shah may lie held to indi cate that there have been changes on both sides, since that time when, 16 years ago, he made his first acquaint ance with the civilisation of Western Europe, and John Bull roared him a welcome with almost delirious; enthu siasm. The SHAHhas leacntagood many' social and political lessong since ihen, and so has the British Inlander. To the ■ outocrat of Persia; the social, political, and commercial magnificence of-the British nation must have lacked the element of novelty, while on the part of the average Britisher there is less tendency than ever to reverence a man on account of the office or position he holds. In the sixteen years which have elapsed since his last visit, the world has had a rapid succession of reminders that even kings. and auto crats ' are’ mortal. The" perhaps “most prominent figure in the ranks of Euro pean potentates, the great WHiTE Czar, lias perished miserably at the hands of an assassin, while his son, • who now rules over Russia, is beset with those who thirst for his life. The Imperial tli rone of Germany has twice been ex changed for the mausoleum. Napoleon 111\. disappeared ignobly from the list of monarchs, and' died almost a refugee, while his son has been but chered by savages. Pope Pros IX. has passed away, and there have been many sanguinary and tragic breaches made in the various Royal lines. After all this change, the autocrat of one of the misty empires of the Orient, meets the sovereign of the grandest and freest dominion which the sun shines upon. What should that meeting portend ? Nazu- ed-Deen has by this time fully discovered that even if he declines to seek western civilisation it will cer tainly seek him. Its emissaries have pervaded his dominions these many years past, and Russia, at all events, is openly bidding for a commercial and strategic supremacy. He is perhaps shrewd enough to foresee that, in con tact with such a supremacy, his own prestige of power must necessarily suffer, that some day or other his Imperial power and pomp may fade from him like a dream. Haply he curses the evil hour when' he essayed to introduce into, the antique simplicity of Persian . life the railways, the tele graphs, and other inventions of the "Western barbarians. But the time has long gone by when any such re grets could have any practical result. He;mayyet, however, make the highest development of Western civilisation his ally, although he cannot banish it from his dominions. It is to be hoped, for many reasons, that the Shaii’s visit to London will lead up to such an alliance. Russia probably seeks a dominant position in Persia as the basis for further aggres sion. The British Empire may well dispute that position with a view to protecting the territory she already owns. The one would mean the intro duction of disturbance and war, and the other the presence of a power always working for peace and progress'. If, as seems possible, the Shah: has come to the parting of the . ways, it is to be hoped that he will choose his course wisely and elect. to walk henceforth hand in hand with British power. There was a very good business trans acted in the share market last week, and although several of the most popular stocks fluctuated considerably, the tendency on the whole was towards upward rates, with a better feeling in the market generally. Black Horse on Monday opened with a. transaction at 82s 6d, but a strong demand for the stock set in, and before the close of. the market . shares were chang ing hands at 90s, buyers unsup plied. A good market continued in the stock all the week. Not withstanding. some fluctuations, as high as 104s was realised on "Wednesday, but the stock afterwards eased, and it was quiet on Saturday, with buyers at 955, aud no sellers. Egerton were in good demand at upward rates in the latter part of the week, closing on Saturday with a sale at 21s. Kangaroo Extended and Parker’s United had the ordinary amount of business at current rates. The -Ballarat East stocks generally were in favor, and had a good deal of attention.' Britannia United gradually improved towards the close of week, and on Saturday sold up to2ss9d.Last Chauce'also mended at the close of the week, and sold up to7s6d; and Sulieman Pasha shared a little in the general improvement. North Woah Hawp were in improved demand, consequent • on the rich’ mass of quartz met with , on Tuesday night, and the promising appearance of the mine in •general. Shares would have been taken at 4s lOd at the close of the week, but sellers held out for os. Prince Regent sold up to 3s. The Redan and Plateau stocks also ex perienced a great improvement. Band and Albion on Monday were only marketable at 265, but they gradually changed hands at increasing rates till Friday, when they advanced from 31s to 365, and they closed with buyers at the improved figure on Satur day, sellers holding out for 3Ss. The settlement of the lawsuit between the New Kohinor and the Sir Henry Loch seems to have been advantageous to both companies, as their shares are already beginning to show a decided upward tendaucy. The basis of the settlement is that the Sir Henry Loch Company shall payto theNew Kohinoor Company 1 per cent, of all gold raised on the ground claimed by the latter company, and also pay all law costs up to date. The New Kohinoor are also to have the light of working their southern ground from the Sir Henry Loch shaft, but to pay the expenses of haulage. Sir Henry Loch shares on Saturday sold up to 25s 3d, and New Kohinoor" were marketable at 5s without inducing sellers to come forward. North Band nnd Barton changed hands at strong upward rates. Star of the East were in fair demand, and at the close of the week had a little business at S2s 3d. South Plateau were in improved demand in the latter part of the week, and on Saturday ad vanced to ss. The result of the present crushing is looked forward to with much interest by the investors in the Plateau mines. Central Plateau were in improved demand and sold up to 2s 8d on Saturday. South Star and Prince of Wales and Bonshaw also strengthened. The Berry group furnished a little business at current rates. Berry Consols would have been taken at i>l2 4s on Satur day, but there were no shares offering. Madame Berry, we note, obtained for the week no less than 863 oz, and Berry Consols close on 375. Hepburn Estate improved a little "on Monday’s rates and Lord Harry were also slightly firmer. Smeaton Reserve had atten tion at current rates, and King Midas were in improved demand with sales on Saturday at 4s lid. Working’Miuers closed-on Saturday with' an- easier ten :dencyj- lit:the other stocks there were no. features of any..consequence.. The Goldeir Gate mine,' we note, is looking well, and the Jones Bradford obtained -:30 oz from 16 tons of stone. During the past week the following dividends were declared : : A Mrs Eliza Reynolds," an elderly woman, who has been keeping a frnit shop in Sturt street, met with a fearful dentil at an early hour on Saturday morning. It seems that the deceased, who was 61 years of age, and a widow, has been for some time au invalid,, suffering from liver complaint. She has had stayiug with her a girl named Eliza Evans, who has been attending to her in her illuess. Oil Saturday morning, at about half past 4 o’clock, the girl was awakened by scream ing from the adjoining room, and get ting-. up at once, found Mrs Rey nolds enveloped in a mass of flame. Miss Evans at once threw a blanket over tier, and called Dr Mnllally, who lived only a few doors away from the premises. Dr Mnllally was immediately in attendance, but found that the unfortunate woman had been very severely burnt, and was in a dying condition. She expired a few minutes after his arrival. A candle had been placed by Mr3 Reynolds’ bedside, and it is supposed that by some means this caught the bed clothes, and thus brought about the sad end. The bedclothes were much burnt, anil the candlestick was found among the bedding. An enquiry was held on Saturday by Mr J. C. Thomson, coroner, touching the circumstances, and a verdict of death from shock from burns accidentally received was recorded. It was stated that a bottle of whisky übout one third full was found in the bed. The deceased was of very tem perate habits, however, and suffered from chills, and it is thought that she had merely taken the whisky to bed with her, in order that if she took bad during the night, it might save the necessity of her getting up. The recommendations made by the Bal larat Prospectiug Board on Friday have been forwarded to the Department. Hither to recommendations were supplied to the local uewspapers ou being made by the board, but since Mr Howitt took office us secretary to the Mining Department vice Mr Laugtree, promoted to the Public Service Board, instructions have been given that the decisions of the Board be kept secret until the Department has had time to revise the list and make the awards. It lias been deemed necessary by the Department to pursue this course in order to “ prevent disappoin inent.” A very long procession followed the re remains of the late Miss M'Kissock, who died so suddenly on Friday night, to the place of interment, the New Cemetery. Amongst those in the cortege were several members of the Town Council, which body also fur- nished a beautiful wreath that was deposited on the coffin. Large as the attendance was, it would undoubtedly have been much larger had the weather been fine, as the de- ceased young lady had endeared herself to a large circle of friends by her many good qualities and kindly disposition. Miss M’Kissock was for years the main support of her parents, who are now both dead, and it is certain that her very close application to her duties had much to do with develop- ing the disease that; ultimately carried her off. The Rev. T. R: Cairns officiated at the grave. The quarterly meeting of the council of of the School of Mines, will be held this afternoon, at 5 o’clock. Business:—To confirm minutes of previous ordinary and special meetiugs. To grant certificates. To receive report of board of examiners, and determine the awards. To receive and con sider—(a). Auditors’ half-yearly report; {&). Qnarterly report submitted by the pro fessorial board; (c). Recommendations sub mitted by committee appointed to confer and advise the council on various questions re lating to school work. An old woman named Christina Wilson met with a painful' accident on Saturday night." Whilst reading in front of the fire she fell asleep and fell off her chair, bruising her face and hurting her shoulder. Yester day morning her shoulder was so painful that she attended at the hospital, wheu it was found that her shoulder bone whs broken. The fractured btme was set and the sufferer left for her borne. • ■ Mr David Spiers, who is leaving the em ployment of the Phoenix Foundry to take a position at Gawler, South Australia, was made the recipient of a handsome presenta tion on Saturday. MrD. Lessels, on behalf of the employes, presented Mr Spiers with a handsome diatnoud locket, and also with a handsome diamond brooch for Mrs Spiers. The locket bore the following inscription:— “Presented to Mr D. C. Spiers by his fellow workmen on his leaving the Phoenix Foundry, Ballarat, 13 | 7 | 89.” Mr Spiers suitably responded. The ( Congregational Sunday school anni versary - was commenced yesterday, when special services were held. The Rev. J. E. Harrison filled the palpit in the morning, and he-also officiated in the nfteruoon. In the evening the Rev. Mr Westmoreland preached. Special hymns were sung by the pupils-of the Sunday school. The anniver sary will be further celebrated to-morrow evening by n tea, to be. followed by a public meeting. Addresses will be delivered by the Rev. Mr Harrisou, Rev. Mr Westmore land, and other gentlemen; and the Sunday school scholars will render a number of choice vocal selections. A collection will be made in aid of the school funds. Sir Thomas Grattan Esinonde, Bart., M.P., joined in the cross-country work of the hunt of tlie Ballarat Club ou Friday. He rode The Lawyer, the well-known steeplechaser belonging to the Hon. J. P. Macpherson, M.L.C., and our sporting cou tiibutor, " Diana,” iu another column writes iu very complimentary terms of his horse manship. Sir Thomas should be a good cross country rider, as be has in England and Ireland followed some of the best packs of hounds and riddeu many of the best hunters to be found iu the home country. His ancestors too— including Henry Grattan —were promiuent huntsmen, a number of them following the hounds with that celebrated and daring rider, the Marquis of Waterford. At the invitation of the officers of the Ballarat Hunt Club, the young baronet has promised to attend the next meet on Friday, 26ch inst., ;and also the annual dinner iu the evening. We note with extreme pleasure that Dr C. S. Molloy, senior resident medical officer of the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, and son of Mr J. C. Molloy, has been elected medical superintendent of the Melbourne Hospital. We congratulate the superintendent on his advancement to such au important position, aud feel assured, from his successful career iu the past, that he will give the utmost satisfactiou in liis new sphere of duty. We regret to record the death of Mr Jas. Greene, son of Mr Michael Greene, of Black Hill, Gordon, which took place on Friday last. The remaius of the deceased young man were yesterday interred in the Gordon Cemetery. The hearse was preceded by 150 young men (on horsebaok) belonging to the Millbrook Literary Association, aud followed by two mourning coaches and upwards of 100 vehicles couveyiug friends of the de ceased and his relatives. The procession was over a mile iu length. The coffin-bearers were members of the Millbrook Literary Association, to which the deceased belonged. The pall-bearers were Messrs J. J. Fitz gerald, R. Foley, P. J. Slattery, Lynch, W. White, Ctierry, and Robins, aud Mr Peart. The Rev. Father Henuessy, of Gordon, offi ciated at the grave, and Mr Stephen Wel lington carried out the mortuary arrange ments in a satisfactory manner. The third term of the session 1889 at the School of Mines begius to-day. The presiding magistrates at the City Police Court on Saturday morning were Messrs Little and Permewau, J’s.P. One inebriate was dealt with. The Ballarat Imperial football team de feated Melbourne on Saturday at the Saxon paddock by five goals 12 behiuds" to two goals three behiuds. The South Ballarat team defeated Maryborough ou the Eastern Ova!by ten goals to two. . Ou Saturday morning Mr Long,• J.P., at tended at the Town Court, and disposed of several cases, in which tbe offenders were chaiged with drunkenness. A number of ratepayers expressed them selves on Saturday to the effect that the work now being carried out ou the police re serve in Camp street will not improve the appearance of the thoroughfare; : Tbe death is announced at Geelong of Mrs Tapper, widow of the late Mr John Tapper, formerly of Ballarat and Smeaton. The de ceased,-who was 81 years of age, was a colo nist of 40 years’ staudiug. She died on Fri dvy at the residence-of her ' son-in-law, Mr MawsQn, "dentist,-Mobraboolstreet. -The funeral took place yesterday,-and- the re main* were interred in the Geelong East. Cemetery. •' " O - Mr T. B. Wade has been appointed clerk of courts at Smythesdale, vice Mr E. Knights, juu., resigned, and Mr G. R. Stoker has beeu appointed deputy registrar -of births and denths'at Scarsdale. • ; : .Mr C. A. ,C Wilson has been appointed returning officer for school district No. 172, Shire of Leigh. Home Mission sermons . were preached yesterday iu several of the Primitive Metho dist churches of Itallarat. The ®ar. \V. H. Yonltou, of Beaufort, attended as a deputa tion from the society, aud preached at Eyre street Church in the morning, Burobauk street in the afternoon, aud Humffray street iu the evening. The number of outdoor recipients of relief from the Benevolent Asylum hist week was 556\. There are at present 265 inmates in the asylum. On the 15th of Inst month a lad in the employ of Mr Thomas Morrish, at Bulla rook, came into Ballarat with a horse, saddle, and bridle belonging to his employer. Re sold the property, which has sines been recovered by the police, and a warrant has been issued for the lad’s arrest. Among those present at the trial at Mr Cutter’s on Friday night of the electric lamps was Captain Crannage, of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, aud so impressed is he with the test that he will take immediate steps to have the brigade brake illuminated with electricity. It is.probable that the members of the City Brigade will also have their brake fitted with theelectric light. The work enu bo done at Mr Cutter’s carriago building establishment, Armstrong street. It has been found that the death of the Chinese, Ah Poy, was caused by rheumatic gout, from which he suffered for several years. Deceased, who was 63 years of age, died suddenly in the Golden Point Camp on Friday evening. There are rumors afloat that Mr Chias. Salfer does not intend to persevere with his candidature for the new seat in the Welling ton Province. We are authoritatively in formed there is no truth in the rumor. Mr Salter’s friends believe it to bo too early to commence active operations, but they are working quietly, and have received numerous promises of support from all parts of the province. We understand that all the applicants fo r land recently thrown op?u at Croagingalong whose names were submitted through Mr W. H. Ureu, M.L.A., will have their appli cations heard at Ballarat. Mr Urcn is also endeavoring to iiave the same convenience extended to all applicants from the Ballarat district. i There were 84 male and 35 female patiouts iu the Hospital yesterday. During last week 275 out- patieuts were treated—GS uew cases, 196 whose names were formerly on the book, and 11 casualties. Dr Eastwood is the medical offieer and Dr Ochiltree the surgical for the current week. There was a fair muster of the Ballarat Militia, on Saturday afternoon, when the first half-day parade for the year took place. Lieutenaut-Colonel Greenfield was iu com mand. The battalion were formed into squads, with a sergeant attached to each, •aud all were exercised iu preliminary prac tice, aiming, blank firing, aud Morris tube exercises, in preparation for the auuual musketry course. At the first monthly meeting of the Ninth Union Terminating Building Society, held at the office, 82 Collins street east, on Thursday evening, Mr S. T. Staughton, M.L.A., in the chair, the receipts of the evening were announced as £2323 Is 9d, and 75 shares were sold at premium per share. The chair man announced that 36651; shares had beeu issued to date, aud that the eutraiuu fee would remain at 2i 6d for the present. The following gentlemen were then elected with out opposition :—President, Mr C. J, Ham, M.L.C.; vice-president, Mr R. Murray Smith, C.M.G.; treasurer, Mr Benj. Lee; secretary, Mr Win. Sinai). Nominations were then received for eight members to act as com mittee for the first 12 mouths, election for which will take place ou Thursday, 18th, and the names of those nominated will be advertised in the daily papers. Mr William Creed, agricultural and pro vision merchant of Scarsdale (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) has just received a letter from a friend ht Ireland (his native country), informing him of the death of an unmarried brother, a farmer in Lime rick, leaving him the sole heir to his pro perty of the value, it is said, of several thousand pnunds. Mr Creed, who is an old and highly respected resident of this district, where he has been carrying on a prosperous business for a considerable number of years, iutends wiuding up his affairs as speedily as possible, and then startiug for Old Ireland. During the recent publichouse arbitration debate in the Legislative Assembly, Mr E. Murphy, M.L.A., as reported by 'Hansard, spoke ns follows:—“ I regret that the motion for the adjournment of the debate was not carried, but I do not think the Government can boast much of their majority of seven. I had not the pleasure of listening to the honor able member for Hawthorn, but I glory in seeing a young man coming into this House with the pluck to stand by his opinions. It was said by some honorable members that the honorable member would be got at or * nobbled,’ but I am glad to find that the honorable member is not of that sort. Every session during the three years I have been iii this House the licensing law has been brought up to be ameuded iu some form until now it is iu such a state that it is really a disgrace to the statute book. : Ouo would think wo had gone back to the dark ages or that we be longed to the old convict olaalont. An English: journal, speaking of our Licensing Act, receutly declared that we were the most illiberal people iu the Australian colonies. It may be prudent for the honorable member for Hawthorn to withdraw this motion, but a division would show the country ths sort of men who go in to support the rabid teetotal lers. I have not a word to say against Mr Yale’s honesty, but I know him to be a rant ing roaring fanatic. I have heard several calm teetotallers say that it was a great blunder on the part of the Government to appoint him to such a position. I enter my protest agaiust the appointment because I believe that Mr Vale cannot do justice in such a position.” There are vacancies for head teachers and assistants as follow:—Horsham, head teacher; Yarraville West, head teacher; Leichardt, head teacher; Cabbage-tree Fiat, head teacher; Mickleham, head ' teacher; Allendale, first female assistant, 4th class; North Melbourne, female junior assistant; Wedderburu, female junior assistant; Ingle wood, female junior assistant; Kerang, fe male junior assistant; Brighton, male junior assistant; South Brunswick, malo junior assistant; Bethanga, head teacher; Hawkes dale, head teaolier; Bocca Flat, head teacher; Greenland’s Dam, head teacher; Boho East, head teacher; Lindenow Railway Station, head teacher; Moreland, first male assistant, sth class; Morwell, first male assistant, stli class; Flomington, female junior assist ant; Smythesdale, female junior assistant; Richmond, female junior assistant; Chilwell, female junior assistant; Box Hill, female junior assistant; Pork Melbourne,- female junior assistant; Ballarat, male junior as sistant; Ascot Vale, female relieving teacher; Walhalia, first;’female assistant, 4th class. Applications for the positions above named will'be received only from qualified teachers iii the service, aud the applies** must be in the same class or a higher class than that of the position applied for Separate applica tions for each, vacancy, addressed to the committee of classifiers, must reach tiiis office not later'than fourteen days from the date hereof. - The finding of the jury at the adjourned inquest iu the M'Carron case was that “ the skeletons were those of two fully developed European children; but that there is no evidence ns to who were their parents, or whether they were born alive or not. We consider, however, that the evidence war rants us in believing them to have been the offapriug of incestuous intercourse between William M'Carron and his daughter Jaqe M'Carron, who are now awaiting their trial for wilful murder.” The mau Quinlan, who is alleged to have committed a criminal assault ou a woman named Parker, at Koorooman, on the 2nd inst., has been oommitted for trial at the Sale General Sessions oh the 23rd iußt. The Warrnambool correspondent of the Standard on Saturday wired :—“ A boy giant figured iu the Warrnambool Police Court to-day. A Scotchman named M'Leau ivaß summoned for nok sending his child to school for the required number of days, and on being oallod, he walkod up to the bench with a very tall boy at his side, remarking— ‘This is-the child, your Worship.’ The announcement - great- merriment in' cbnrt on account: of ; the i stature -of’ the ■ ‘ child/'Wjjb/was taller than the.biggeat man in. court.- - ‘ What height is he ?’ asked the magistrate. ' 'Six-feet six inches,’ was the father’s reply. 'Weil, according to his age, he comes under the Act, though not accord ing to his stature,’ was the magistrate’s answer, and V fine wns imposed. The boy, who is.just under 14, appears healthy, is well built, and if- properly looked after will de velop into Victoria’s greatest giant." Augns Evans, the manager of the South Melbourne football team, has been fined 40a for striking Chapman, the Tasmanian cen-. tral umpire iu the recent match. The contractors for the construction of the 174 miles ef railway line between Bacchus Marsh and Ballan, Messrs Horace Bastings aud Cos., have made wonderfully rapid pro gress with their work, and anticipate (says the Argus) being able to effect a connection with the main line from Melbourne to Bal larat this week. The contract time does not expire until May of next year, but it is ex pected that the whole of the work will be completed and handed over to the Railway Department during the next three or four months. In that event the contractors will receive a bonus of £l5 a day for-each day they are within contract time. The difficult character of the work of construction may be inferred from the fact that the contract cost of the line is £173,993105. W hen opened, it will enable Ballarat to be reached from Melbourne in an hour’s less time than via Geelong, owing to a saving of 25 miles being effected in the distance travelled. The line, after being carried four miles beyond the present terminus at Bacchus Marsh, abruptly rises from the plains to a high plateau. The ascent in Si miles is not less than SOO feet, and consequently a large quantity of cuttings and earthworks has been required. The route from Rowsley is through the Ironbark Rangeß, the couise of the' Bacchus Marsh aud Ballan road being followed for some dis tance, necessitating a long and extensive diversion of the roadway by the Railway Department. The total quantity of earth removed is 1,250,000 cubic yards. Sixteen bridges are provided by the contractor, the largest having 15 openings of 15 feet each, one opening of 10 feet, and one of 20 feet. No less than 48 culverts are also included in the contract. Stations will be provided at logliston, 4 miles and 30 chains from Ballan, and at Rowsley, 15 miles aud 14 chains from Ballau. 