IS A iBIBD Wi IiK 'SNARE. I/,: . , ? ?? . ?:'TV.' w ?=* Aj' jbiiiJ histeth lo^lJi!.*ii£rei ' s j An^tnoWyhnotth«l:Ul»foil»i»li£e^'i Prorerb* qf Solomon. CHAPTER XI, ' DRIVEN BACK. ; : While I was still at my ^guardian's ?room, Anne too: entered, pale-*nd red ded with secret weepirtj*.' Kiieeling down by . Mr. Willoughby's bedside, she tried at first to, speak.;brij^ly; but as her, lips formed Everani's name, her voice brake, and her eyes Ailed ''again with tears. , She too had heard of the telegram des patched to the lawyer in theittorning, to t>eg herunsleto dorrotbing4>^ni!y against hpr son. . , ? *' He will come back, dad," she said, 411 am sure of it, - He is being detained ?gainst his will,- you may be sure. He is so generous, so affectionate;' but tie if easily persuaded, ifaioiv^ Iajn cefcdn thgthets unhappy, and longing to be with you again. And l know .it is a great deal about me ypu areworiyiiig. Now, Htfgh knows, and will tell yiu, that I haven't been fretting. I, was a little-a little hurt at first, ytw know," she, jrent on, trying to laugh,. but) covering "her face with l^er hands the ne*tfi)oment "but that soon passed off; and if shei lias found Someone who will'make ]Wm happier than I should have done,' why I ?ato glad-very glad if he luus married her, He is longing to come hade, 'only he is afraid pf your anger, and my "tfe proacties; -Now, if ypu would onto send andJet Kim IcnoW that heis quite-^-qulte foigiven by everyone, and that-that I am going away for a little While, so {hat he may bring his If ife back with hirta you know ypu always, liked her-then in time we shall all be as happy as ever, when you are quite well again, so much happier than if you marked your anger with him in any way, instead of forgetting, as I have done." >.. ? .H^f facp looked worn ahd old 'Wore iti ttfrie: drawn and pale with tears, aiid deeplessness; yet to aie,in its absolute tenderness, in its strength ; of Self-for getting love, it was a' thousand times mbre beautiful than that countenance pf Marwtta's perfect in its charms o'f foijm and colour. . 1 My guardian dismissed us bftth, £enl1y bi|t decidedly* He' could not spare Annie or irrc'either, he said: let him k^ep those children who had deserted him ; and Mr. Benson came and went without letting either Anne or me. know the reason or the result of his vtsit . Bo the days «me on in the quiet hpme life of the Chas£ Mr. Willougbhy Re mained neither, worse nor better. Every week, by Anne's instipctioris, I sent to that hotel in Paris xtbere Everard had; stopped jusfafew lines, telling .him always the same thing-that his father wished him to i'-ofrte hame. We never received any ansWet; but as the letters were, not Returned to jis, > *ye. supposed theyjreached Everard. Meanwhile; ttit for short visits. lo London to complete jjpy examinations, I remained always,-by thy guirfiianjp wi$fif atthe Chase. Afane and i had both grown very sad and rery sjlpnt.: I wondered sometimes, & 1 noticed the dragging' slowness of her steps and the sadness of her «mildsj? whether-Rosalind's statement'was to lie disproved, and this sweetest And (deadest of ^omeasaorificed to a . hopeless unre quited love* ? y«i It was one dreary wet nightfin a wintry spring, as the rain and sleet splashed' fn torrents against the- windows of the Chase, that I, softly leAvirig my gUaiQian's room after reading him\to steep, stole down to the drawing-room to find the lamp un lighted, an£ Anne seated on p. low stool by the fire, clasping her . knees, ^qd staring, with eyes in which the tears1 glistened in the firelight, on the red coals. I put my hand on.my shoiilder. .' Anne," I said, ''yojiare fretting yourself ill in secret; and as this house hold would go to pieces without its nijff. tress, that is selfish Of JWu.*" "I. jws thinking of_ Everard," she answered simply, " and of how horribly' he must have suffered, and I am certkin he is in terrible trouble now. It is nearly seven months since we heatd of or saw him. Hugh, for the sake of- what hit father has done for us, we ought to find' him and bring Mm back." ?". ?, - While X was answering, she suddenly .topped »e by laying her blind upon iby: lips and tending her head as though; uTOhai ghaifcse, I'mi too, but I could hear nothing but the homing wlndinthe tree& attyl the driving gleet pfjdcitigigainst .the windows, j.- The room we- were in'opened by Fretoh wfcdorts upon the lawn at the front of the hoifefe, an^J the shatters were not,drawn- Jiras going to the window to'lbok out, as'her eyes were turned in that direction, -when she stopped me by laying her hand uppn my arm and ptisbing me gently back. Then, suddenly hurrying herself, she threw both sides of'the long; window tiride open, and standing just without the sill in the drenching wet, sh? dialed:: " Everard, where are you ?'? : . Then, like some haggard, weary ghost in the rain, the silence, and the darkness, a man's figure seemed to resoiWj itself from .the night, and enter alone in the dim rpom. . As he came right into the firelight, tor a momfcnt I-'though' Anne must have been mistaken, lhe man I saw before me was horribly thin and shabbily dressed; his left arm was in a sling, and the lower part of his face was. scarred and disfigured. But it was Everard's voice that.asked : . .Where is my father?" '? 