THE PENNYCOMEQUHKS. BY S. BAKING-GOULD, Author op " Mshai.au," "Oourp Rdval,'! "John Herring," "The Gaverocxl," &c.; All Rights Reserved. Cbatteh XV.— The "Woman With a Pipe. "What hail become in the meantime of Mr. Jeremiah Fennycomeijuick, over whoso leavings such a dispute was being waged? Wo left him clinging to tho head of a Loinbardy poplar that was being swept down tho valley of tho Keld by the flood. The bead of a poplar was by no meanH the most agreeable sort of vessel in which to shoot tho rapids of Fleet lock- and navigate tho lower Kelil-unle. In the first place it allowed the wash of tho descending current to overflow it I anil in tho next it li.nl no proper balance, wus disposed to revolve like a turbine in 1, . stream. This latter propensity was pre«„,1( „ counteracted by the branches catc!iinc entangling about some ponderous matter bed, perhaps a chain from the locks, not possible for dir. Penny coincqnick raw,, dry. Ho was like JIosos in the cradle of Imf rushes, from which tho pitch calking ha,l ," omitted.. He was completely drenched, becomr. submerged except his head and shoulderi chilled, liuinb anil giddy. 'oumois, Tho tree made a plungo over the lock edce where the stream termed a cataract carried him under water, and came up again with him still among the branches. He had "l. hut crumble into tho stream before he'nuule his dive. Jl lien the water cleared out of iiis eve/ and ho looked again, ho could see it ns more ' He threw himself on his back, with his arms interlaced among the pliant boii-hs ami his face towards the night sky. He saw the clouds like curd, and tho moon glaring pitilessly down on lnm m lus distress, showing him a wide field of water on all sides nml help nowhere He was too cold to cry out ; he knew that it'would be useless to do so. .Succour was out of resell. Lying crail cd among tlio branches, clastic as those of willow, he was fast as in a net ; bedded among the twigs, lie might let go his .hold anil would bo carried on. Ho looked up steadily at the moon, and wondered how long it would be before his eyes stiffened and he saw tho things of creation no longer. He could distinguish the shadows in the moon and make out the darkeued portion of tho disc. How cold and ancMrrak of TIP AIi »»»b»"25 nf , ""t! ""l'nke must be the lo. the Sclemtes . hear of death, anxiety for lumseli, hail disappeared ; only a «ort of curiosity remained m Iris brain to know whether the condition of life m the moon was more miserable in its chill and helplessness than his present state of drifting in tho eold water. Then ho turned his head to take a last look at Jlergatroyd. The lights were twinkling there. He could distinguish those of his own house on the hill slope. He would never again sot foot within its doors, onioy the comfort of his fireside ; never see Salome again. And then in that odd, incongruous manner in which droll thoughts rise up in the mind at the most inappropriate moments, it occurred to him that there was to be anchovy toast for breakfast, ire had been asked by airs. Cusivorth if lie iiked it, and sue had promised it him. And as he drifted, immersed in the deadeningly cold brown water, at tae thought the taste of anchovy came into Ins mouth. , -IF'10 vl"cy the Keld contracted— a spur of hill ran forward from the ridge on which Jler gatroyd was built, mid forced the river and raual to describe a semicircular bend. Thcline, however, had bored itself a way through tlio lull, and name out beyond, in a park, among stately but blackened elms. The spur contracted the volume of the llood, which therefore became deeper anil more rapid. With his numbed hands, Jtr. Pennvcome- quick unloosed his white neckcloth, and with it bound Ins arm to a branch of .the poplar, i knot with one hand ami hid teeth, WdiUb the water ran through his mouth over hid tongue, and washed away from it the smack of anchovy that fancy had conjured to it. Then ho resigned himself to iiis lot. A dull sense ot being in tile power of au inexorable fate cams over liim, the eagerness for life had faded away, and was succeeded by indifference as to what betel him, this to make way, as the cold and misery intensified, for impatience that all might be oyer speedily. He still ioolced up at , 2">ont )llt 110 longer cared what the life of the Solonitc3 was like, it was their concern, not lus. The thought of anchovy toast no longer hail power to bring its flavor to his tongue. Then the moon passed behind a drift of vapor that obscured _but did not extinguish it, and Jeremiah, half unconsciously with his stiffening lips, found himself murmuring the words of Jlilton which ho had learned at school, and had not repeated since — Tile wandering moon, Ruling near her highest noon. Like one iliat hath been led astray Thro" the heav'n's wide pathless way. And oft. as if her head she bow'd, stooping thro" a fleecy cloud. And so murmuring again, and more brokenly, at last fell into complete unconsciousness. The critic who generally hits on those parti culars in a story- which are facts, to declare them tobeimpossiblitics,and thosocharaetersto be un natural which are transcripts from nature, is certain to attack the author for making a man who trembles on the confines of death think of anchovy toast and quote II Pcnscroso ; to which criticism we answer that ho has had no expe rience such as that described, or lie would know that what has been described above is in accor dance with nature. For how long Jlr. Pcunycomoq'uck was unconscious he never knew, and no one, . of course, waj ablo to infoiin him. When ho returned to himself, he found that lie wasTying in a contracted and queer bod, 'in the "side 'of a chamber equally contracted and queer, tenanted! as far he could make out, by a contracted and queer human being, wlio30 sex was not to ho determined at first glance. If Jlr. Pennyeome- quiek had recovered his sense of smell at the time that he recovered tils other senses, ho would have supposed that during the period of unconsciousness ho had been steeped in creosote, for tho ntmo3phcrc about him was charged with the odor of tar. ' He was, in fact, onboard a coal- barge, in tho little low cabin, and in the little low berth that occupied almost the entire side of the cabin! This cabin was but five feet high ; it was lighted by the hatchway, through which the steps deseended into it. At the extremity, opposite the hatch, was an iron stove, the pipe from which poked through tho deck above. At this stove was done all the cooking ever done in this; establishment, and all the washing supposed to be necessary in it, as a concession to public, pre-, judice. On tlio side onposito . Mr. Pcitnycomo- quick's berth was another, on which wcreheapixl gowns, coats, wading-boots, a frying pan, .» bird-cage, a broken jug, Torn' Treddlehnylo's Bainslcg-Folka' Almanac', and a Bible.' When that berth" .was tenanted by a human inmate, t!|cii tho gowns, coats, boots, fryingpan," bird-cage, brdken beer, jug, almanac and Bible were transferred to the floor. Near the stove, pooling potatoes, anil as she neeieu tnem, cuucsting tlio poolings on to the' berth, with its aconmmulation of gowns, ' coats,' fryiungpan and other articles, was a -woman wearing a man's black felt widc-a-wake, e mail's coat,- and smoking a mahogany colored \Her face was so brown, rugged aiiil mhsculine, that it was only possible to detcrmino her sex when she stood up. Thon sho revealed petti-: coats, short, and fastened together between the calvos, so as to convert them into something like Turkish trousers. Beneath thorn protruded feet as big as those of a man, encased in stout boots. " " Bless mo ! " exclaimed Mr. Fennycoritc- quick. "WheroamI?" : ' | Then the woman half rose. She' -could not Btand upright in the cabin, she was so tail ; arid sho camo over to the berth in stooping pos ture. V; ; " Eh, lad tha'it wick ! Dos't a' want to know wlieer tho' art? . Why, for sure, tha'rt i't 'Con-j quering Queen,' as. carries coils ta' Goolo," "How camel here! " "All reckon all hugged (drew) thee alit o't water mysen. Ah 3aw "the floatin' by on tha' rig (hack) taiztcd like i' an owil tiee. sea (so) I lmd thee aht i' -a jiffy. IE ah liod'dut, thn'd been dead long- agonc. Hcrnaw a sup o' tea, and we'll talk after." . Sir. Penny oomeq nick tried to move— to raise lumaolE — but ho was stiff in alt his joints, and unablo to stir more than his head. -Wecl-nawl" cxclaimod the woman, ' thart wor -nor I thowt. Ah homain sorry for thee. All 11 bring t'pcggy-tiili, and turn't npsidedaan, and sot me a top, t'U do as weel as owt. Ah can talk to thee a hit— I da'aut mind. But I'm glad tha i t better, lad. Come no,' if tha ivoan t ha no tea, mehbe tlia'U take a sup o' tar-water. ' By degrees Mr. I'eHiiycomcquick got to.under- atand how he had been rescued and where lie was. „ The flood had caught the Conquering Queen coal barge some way below Mergatroyil, where the land was - flat, and whore accordingly the water had spread and its violence was expended. It liad. snapped the cable that fastened the boat, and she hail- been carried on down the canal She had' not been lifted and stranded beyond the banks,' bat had gono along with the current in the -proper course. Tlio Conquering Queen wa= tlie:property of Ann Deivis, who inhabited anil mauaged her, along with li hoy, a gawky lail of 15, all legs anil arms, which became entangled among rope3 .and chains, and stumbled ovor lumps of coal and mooring posts, who never descended the ladder without slipping and fall ing to the bottom in a heap ; and whose face and body,; if not perpetually begrimed >vith coal dust-,: would ltaveshown blue with bruises. Ann Dewis had given up 'her' berth- to the man she had drawn out of the water, and slept 011 the floor beside the clothing, bird cage, cook ing utensils, and literature sacred and profane. " Sure sartain," said BIrs. Dewis, "t'ullbea long time-wnl- (until) thar't better ; and curias It es, . but all wor prof ezicil i' Tom Trcddlehoy lo I' lies preilicshons for 1870. Jest yo listen till this- November : All look for menny foakes bem' brawt low, tliroo abaht t' middle ta t'euil a' t muntli ; haliiver, tlicaze a good prospeclit a'. Hier' sooin lookin' up agen, if it is as they're laid flat a'thcr' back. T'cs fortunate these floods 'doant come offance (often) or we'd a' be ruined. Looik here, lad, ah'l clap t' pot o't' stove an' ;mak thee poultices for thy joints." Six' weeks were passed by Mr. Jeremiah Peiinyoomequiok in the cabin of the Conquering Queen, in great pain, sometimes in-dclirium, for lie was attacked with rheumatie fever. - Through out U.is.illnoss lie was attended indefatigably by Ann Dewis. She called ill no doctor, she pro cured no medicine. The sole remedy she knew and favored, aiiil whicli she exhibited against all diseases, was tar water, a remedy easily inhde on board the barge, of material always at hand. Ann Dewis was reduced to temporary inac tivity bv the destruction wrought by the flood. The canal was, closed for repairs and the repairs were likely to consume ninny months. Accord ingly slie.could no longer ply between the coal pits and the wharf oil the Hunibcr. This en forced inactivity enabled her to devote her un divided attention to her patient. She had no house of; her own— not an acre ; no, not a foot of garden, ground of hor own in any of the various forms of ownership — freehold, copyhold or leasehold. She had no other home than Iter harce. Sho paid no taxes— no rates: the only charges that fell on Iter were the dues levied at the locks. ; Anil " Darn it !'' said Atin ; " that flood will ha' sent up the dues like scaldin' water sends up t'mo v.enter." ; She belonged to no parish; came into no census, iva3. attached to.no denomination, and was identifiable as a Yorkshire woman of the "West Riding only by her brogue. When the fever quitted Jeremiah Pcnnycomequick, it left linn weak as a child. He lay in the berth powerless to rise, anil long after liis miiul had cleared hi3 joints were swollen and painful. He forcsnw that many weeks, perhaps months, must elapse before lie regained his former Itrengtb. She did lier liestto amuse her patient as well as to cure liim. She read-to liim the richest jokes - out of Torii.Trcddlchoglc, and puzzled lum with questions from tlie same, compounded ns conundrums. But what interested him oliiclly was Iter account of herself. She liad'beeii married, hut that was howt but a scratch', -she' said " Wuncc I thowt for sartain sure ah'd hcv to give up to Dewis, and stick to the Soliofield." " Sohpfield !" said Mr. Pennycomequicl:, and passed ; his hand over his brow. His memory was somewhat affected. The name was familiar to liim, hut he did not vecollcat when lie had beard it, " Kb, Idd, it wor a thing of no consekans. Ah 11 tell tlioo t' tale." For the benefit of south country readers we will to some, extent modify the broad West Riding brogue. " It was na' Lang that Baric and I were ac- cuniutcd— — " \- " Earle.?" " Eli, every man has two names, as be . lias two legs', "and two arms, and two eyes and tars. - He was called Earle Sohofield for sar tain and lie used to come and ''.visit' . me in: t' .Conquering Queen. My mother ivns dead, snd ha.il left, me a tidy bit o' brass, for shoo was a'saving woman, an' shoo had beeu cap'n, noatswain; steward, and all tot' Conquering Queen ever sin' my father died. All t'brass lie and she, liad -addled (earned) was kip in— but there I wi'iit. tell thee, not that I mistrust tlioo, but ive'renjl frail creeturs, and terribly tempted. So there; lad, tliis here jiipo belonged to Earle. He wor 'a hit o' a gentlemen, ho wor. Ho'il diver, been in a coil barge trading up an' down t'canal. d)Vc'd a famous scheme ativixt us. He was to set up a coil store nn'n boffis by t'warf nt Hull, an' lie sod that lie know o' a cliup as 'ud soil t'gqoil-will and all Ills custom; for £100. And Enrlb— he wor an uncommon clever hand at . accounts, lie figured it a' up on a slate, and lie allowed me how great hid be our profits. And ho to'd mc thai it wor the coil inarchnnts as got a' . t profits biit q' t'sale o' coiLs, aiid I got nobbut . tlieir crumbs, as T mnv sav. Ami 1>„ 1. 1 how.if he sold aiid I carried coils we'd bo rich iu uo time, and after we'd got married then I toiv'd hinvwborbl kep' t'brass. I did'nt toll liim be- foro— rbeliere inc. We weresitting on bills deck, drawe'd up by' t'sidc o'.'twliarf at. Hull, as he allowed a' -that, and as I toiv'd liim whore I had my brass. Then lie, took- .t'pipo 1m wor smoking out o' his month . and put It into mine, and sed I wor to kip it alcet wall ho came back'," lie'd go an' deposit £100, -lie sed, for t'g'oo'd'-wili, and secure the hoffis at wuncc. And I let him take nil my brass, for sartain I tliow't as we'd been married for three weeks all war right, .and what wasminc was his." Hotook . t hrhss, anil ho" went ashore, and t'last words he led tomewor, 'Aim, keep t'pipo. alcet; wall I retarri.''," Incited, but from that day I've niver slant eyes oii him," " And-your money ?" " Nor on that jioatlier." " iriiat a great rasoallie must have boon !".V„ "Kay, I won't say that. We're a' sinful creetufs, and oiir temptations is terrible. Wot became o' liim I enn'nasay, but for sure sartin he'd a mind to retarn to me, or lic'il not ha tow'd my keep t'pipa alcet. . Wkn can tell, he may lia' gota drop o' liquor on shore, and hn'bccn robbed, and then ashamed to come hack and tell mo ; or lie may lia' found t'clinp noiio so really to soli t'good-will— and so lia' gone about looildng for sumipat else and not found it — or lie may ha! been took by them rampagin' ,'nn' roariuMions, as seek whom I hey cau lock uj> ,-tlie porlice. Nay 1 I'll not condemn liim. anil allow that lie wor ft rascal, for what sez Tom Trcddlehoyle — ' This world, we all naiv, liez its. ups and daam, An' shorter wl'r time keeps wiiullu". An' dav after day we are ero-t i wir way, Theii 'speak of a mm ns yo niullnm.'", " But I think you found him serve ydu'liadly enough," said Mr. Peiinyoomequiok, from his berth, "to walk.off with your savings and leave you with nothing." "Nay, not exaotly," answered Anne. There wor this pipe 'for whn he left: and," after a pause, "there wcr Jozeph. T'bairn came varra comfortin' , when I were i". a ' tew nhoot loising ma' brass, llcsides, t' lad Joe, lia' been ov use; to mc as much at I paid a lail afore 7s. a week, - and lie liev a' been t'same to me for six years. If tha comeS ta reckon at 52 weeks i't year,- tlnits £18 10s. per lumnum; and for six year that mounts up to nigh on £110, which is a scoering off of t' account." , "And that is his pipe you arc smoking' ?" "Ees, for sartacn. I sed I'd keep't aleet, and if he comes back at t' end o' seven inore.yoars, I'll say, 'There, Earle, 1st' pipe burning,- and as fort account, Joe hev a scored it off, .interest. and principal."' Chapter XVI.— Who? What!..'; It is hateful — hateful as poison— the packing, the turning out of drawers, and then the tilting; of the drawers to get out the dust and grit' and' fine that has accumulated in the corners ; the arranging of correspondence, the discriminating between valuables and tilings that may become valuable, and things, that arc not, , but were valuable; the throwing away of rubbish, the consideration lis to what thiiigB Ore to be dis posed of, and if disposed of, how to ho disposed of, and to whom, and all the business and care and misery of change of quarters. i And yet, how out of thorns spring roses, and out of troubles virtues come into bloom ! .Never, probably, in our whole career did charity,' the bond of all virtues, so luxuriate, throw out such all-embracing tendrils, emit such fragrance, ripen into such fruit, as on tlieoccasion of change of quarters. Old boots, slightly dainaged'bonnets, heavy battered pieces of furniture, for which a dealer would not give sixpence ; articles that would fetch nothing in a sale, antiquated school books, magazines five years old, novels that have lost their backs, games, deficient in one or two pieces, odd gloves, iron bedsteads minus- tlieir brass nobs, and that have to .be tied to gether with wire ; cracked dishes, snipped tumblers, saucepans, corroded with rust— with what lavish anil lordly magnificence we dis tribute them to all who will accept such alms. And then — what a lesson does change of quar ters teach us, to discriminate between the worthless and the valuable; andwith equani mity to endure separation from things which have become 'interesting to lis, but which wo cannot remove. When the author was a boy, his life was spent in travelling on the con tinent ; in rambles from the Pyrenees to the plains of Hungary, from the Mediterranean to- the Baltic, and wherever he went lie made col1 lections of objects of curiosity, crystals, pctrc- factions, dried flowers, butterflies, mediceyal armor, books. Before quitting any ' place of sojourn for a winter, or halt for a . night, ! his father explored every pocket and crevice of the carriage, and turned out the treasures' tlierd se creted, on which his son's heart were set and his pocket money had been expended. Nothing oscnped liis eye, nothing melted his heart. The author; came', to. a place , bringing nothing with him; and left it carrying noth ing with him away,, all he acquired' he was forced to leave. It was an excellent discipline for life, and yet hardly attained ; even to this day he finds that lie clings to trifles. ' - ' How many times since boyhood lias he had to shift quarters? and eacli time lie lias experienced a struggle, andhas had to surrender some things on which his heart was fixed," but from whicli it was, perhaps, well to be free. He recalls how one winter, at Bayonne, lie collected every match and spill end that had been used for lighting cigars and candles till he had .'accumulated a trunk full. When, in spring, the move came, his father peremptorily refused to dispatch this trunk load of scorched paper scraps by granule or petite vitcssc to Vienna, and they were con signed to the flames. When he was in York- shiic, he had collected some prehistoric querns, stone hand mills. When lie contracted witli'a furniture mover to translate ' liis goods to the south of England, the man struck at the mill stones ; they were not in his bond. The author had to resign tlicm, but his heart aches for those stones to this day. When a family has inhabited a house fornigh on 20 years it is incredible what accumulations ha vci gatliored round them, how every coriior, cupboard, oloset, drawers, the cellar, tlio attio are stuffed with aiticlcs of various utility anil importance, or let ns rather say of different degrees of inutility and worthlessncss ; none' of whicli, however, can bo spared without a pang, for to every one of tlicm a recollection clings.' - ; The G'uswortlis had boon, not indeed 20 years, but approaching that time, in the house of Mr, I'enhycomcquick. Every room, tlio garden, tlio attic' were crowded with reminiscences, mostly pleasant; to tlio ordinary eye a thin veil .of soot took the brilliance and slianmess off all tilings in this smoke-laden part of England, ;but to the girls, Salome and Janet, everything; was overlaid with gold dust of childish memories. Mrs. Ousworth liad come to regard the house as a quiet home in -which site might spend '.'her declining days, without a care for the future.of her children, for Janet was provided - for, and Salome would hot be forgotten. ; But now, with the loss of Mr. Pcnnycomequick, the prop lmd fallen on 'which the future was reared; and suddenly ' she found herself in bad health, obliged to think about her prospects, and leave the house in quest of another homo. Mrs. Sidehottom, witli the eagerness with wiiicii Some women fly to do a spiteful tiling, had taken advantage of her position to give the ividoiv uotioe to rcmbve. within a fortnight, aiid it was not easy for them to find quarters into which to go:. Salome had sought lodgings in Mergatroyd, but in vaiu. There none wore vacant, and she hail , been obliged to engage temporarily a part of a house in the nearest raanufucturiim town, a house that was oalled Redstone, but which was popularly, known only as black hole. It was ii low house, surrounded by tall factories, that crushed it in to a well between them, into which no sun could penetrate, but whicli received all day and night showers of condensed soot, '( Shcf counted herself fortmiat'c in having secured this, nuil she lmd already given ordors for tlio removal to it of somo Of the packing cases filled with their goods. - : ; ; , , The timo had been one of strain : to; Salome, already distressed by tlio loss of her best friend, and the subsequent doubt aboiit the identity of the- corpse r'cooYorod: fMrs. Sidehottom lind gone out of her way to make Ii or feel .uncom fortable,' and: 'said ill- natured v tilings, lmd slighted lior mother, and irritated Janet - to the vergo of an outbreak. She had boen obliged to excroisc great self-control,, to disregard the sneers of Mrs. Si<lokottom,.to serpen Iter mother and hohl her, sistot; in 'check. Sho liad been painfully affected, moreover, by" the mistrust l'hilip had shown, and though he -liad apologised, for vyliat lie liad aid, ..tlio -wound dealt to lier self-respect wns.mihealed. : Sliei felt this blow mora . because .she .liad unconsciously., repose jl cpniidoncoin rhilip not that.lie had given her reason for reliance on him, hut that she lird felt the need for someone to wlioin to look, now tlm't Mr. Jeremiah l'cnnycomeqnick was removed, and she liad trusted that he would he honorable and considerate in liis conduct, as behoved a I'ennycomequick. To add to lier difficulties, lier mother liad sud denly and unaccountably had a relapse, was seriously shaken, nnd in no condition to. lie moved. Unaccountably, for the attack imd not come on when it might have been expected, on hearing the news of the death of the old manu facturer. She hnd borne up marvellously under this trial ; the bringing the corpse to the house and the funeral had not materially nffeoted lier. She lmd spoken of the necessity she was under of leaving the house, with sorrow, indeed, hut not agitation ; sho had talcoii some interest in the assortment and jiacking of the family goods ; and then, in the midst of the prepara tions to depart, had been taken alarmingly ill.,; ' When the funeral was over Mrs. Sidehottom had returned to lier own house. All necessity for lier remaining in that of lier deceased half brother was gone. ' Nevertheless she was ill and out of the house" several time3 during the day. One evening she had left after 9, having ,dined there with lier nephew, who lmd moved into his uncle's apartments, and . had, enjoyed some of Iter brother's best wine. At 9.30 the front door was locked and chained, aiid the gaslight in the hall turned down, hut not extinguished. Old Mr. 'Pcnnycomequick lind kept early hours, and the servants observed the; same routine of meals and work that had been instituted in his time, as they had re ceived no orders to the contrary. Now that Philip lmd taken possession of his uncle's apart- ;ments on the first floor, and went to the mill at ; the same hoiim, and took his meals at the tame hours, the house seemed to have relapsed into its old ivays, out of whicli it had been bustled 'by the advent of Mrs. Sidebottom. Mr. Pennycouiequick's apartments consisted of a study, witli'a bedroom opening out ."of it. Tlio "front of the house on the same floor was taken up with a drawing room, rarely occupied. A third door on the same landing admitted iuto the; spare bedroom; in which the corpse of tlio drowned man liad laid till the burial. . On the ground floor were two rooms, corres ponding to those occupied by Mr. l'eiinyoome. -quick, ' and these had been given lip to Mrs. Ousworth ; voire— the outers-served as sitting room.' The' diningroom and a breakfast room, the; latter under tiie spare bed chamber, com pleted the arrangement on the ground floor. Formerly Mrs. Cusworth and her daughters liiid slept'on the storey above the drawingroom and Mr; Peiinycoineqiuck's suite; and Salome's apartment was there still, but of late, owing to lior "mother's infirmity, lier bed liad been transferred tn the- inner renin, whieh lmd been transformed from the housekeeper's office to a sleeping apartment for the old lady, to'. whom it waS injurious t-o.asc.end many steps ; and as it was hot advisable that' Mrs. Ousworth should be.aione at night Salome had slept iu the room with lier. Sinoe the arrival of Janet, however, she liad 'returned to her apartment upstairs, as tlio old lady lind expressed a wisli to have her married daughter witli her. ' "My dear,!' she had said, "it is not much more that I cau-expcot to see of. Janet. She will have to return to lier husband before long, and' I am not likely to live to have the pleasure of many of lier visits ; so, if you do not mind, Salome, I should wish lier to sleep in my room ivhilst she is hero, that I may have her by me as much as I may." . ; Salome had accordingly returned to lier chamber upstairs.; She was glatl that at this time; lier sister was there to relieve her of attendance on : her mother, whilst she went in search of lodgings aiid was engaged in pack ing;.; ; '. ' . - \- "I am expecting a summons to return to Elb'cenf every day," said Janet,' "directly I ge't the news .of the rout of the Prussians. Provi dence: never ; intended that barbarism should prevail over .culture ; and the French have such accomplished: manners, and such perfect taste— wliy.tho German ladies I have seen have no idea liow to dress." ' . "You forget,; Janet," said the sister, "that the; Barbarians did, of old, overwhelm Roman civilisation.", "Oh— yes", but only that they might assimi late tlio culture and become civilised themselves. If tlio result of this wretched war were that German ladic3 learned how to put on tlieir clothes tastefully, I could almost forgive Sedan aiiil Metz." Salome, had as little knowledge of the arrange, ment. arrived at between Mrs. Sidehottom and Philip as > liad .. the reader, and for the samo reason. It had not been divulged. She, of course, could : ask no questions. The reader does, but he must wait. He shall be told pre sently. ! . Suffice it for liiin to know that Sirs. Sidehottom liad, . unopposed, sworn to her brother's death, without will, and had taken out letters of administration.' i Philip did hot have liis. meals with .the Ousworth .-party they were served - to him aparti ; " Oil- tills eyoning. aftor the house was locked .up and tho servaiits hail retired to bed, Salome was'in hor own room ; she liad been engaged there for sonio hours, examining and sorting the house bills, and destroying such as wore not re quired to bo preserved. When this was done, she began to pack her little library in a deal case, first -wrapping each volume carefully in newspaper.: As she did this she came on a garden tnnnual that Mr. Pcnnycomequick had given lior oil her birthday wlicn 15. The sight of this book suddenly reminded her of a score,, of liyaciiith bulbs she lind put in a dark closet under the stairs, in which to form shoots before tJioy-were put in their glasses. The hook lind' ' advised; this as a corrective to tlie development of loaf at tlio expense of flower. In this cup- hoard, ! which Janet and she as children liad named; the -Pommy closet— a name that liad nuiicrcti ru isevursiuuu — sue imps as well Slinury garden requisites. .Fearful lest she should forget the bulbs if she postponed their removal to another time, and; accustomed, on principle, to do at onoe whatever occurred to her mind ns a thing that had to ho done, sho gently opened lier door and lightly descended' tho staircase, . The steps were carpeted, so that her foot was noiseless. She had no need of a candle, for the gas, though reduced, still burnt in the hall. .She reached tlio bottom quickly; she was unwilling to disturb and qlnrm her mother, and- so trod noiselessly through the hall to the closet door, beneath tlio- stops. Her garden gloves, some tools in a little box that had been given her by Janet, and the bulbs were.- there, tho latter, in a row, showing stont . horns. Slio gathered these bulbs into a chip basket, ' and took , the rest of her possessions in the other linnd. Thus encumbered, she closed the Purnrny closet door with her foot, put down tlio basket, turned the key, took up the basket and stepped out into the hall with the intention of re- ascending the stairs as noiselessly as she hail come down. ; But before she hnd reached the foot and liad turned tiie balustrade, -bIic was startled to seo a figure on tlio first lauding. - At first shock sho- thought it was Mr. Jeremiah Pcunycomeqiuck dressed to go out, as she had seen lum on tiie night that he disappeared,. If the hour -was not ndw'midnight. it was n.ear it, , Salome could not see. whence tlie figure had come, whether from Philip's room or from tiie sjiarc bedroom. Only from the drawingroom lie could not have bailed, as that door was in view, and was shut. AVIio was it '! The figure descended slowly, ami witli in audible trend. The light from the gas was suffi cient to show that the figure was that of a; man, . but not to let lier sec his face. -With a sickening feeling at, the heart, and a chill that ran through every artery and frosted lier blood, and deprived her both of motion and the will to move, she stood looking at tiie apparition that glided down the stniroase, "leistirely, noiselessly. She recognised tiie great coat and hat— they were those of Blr. Penny-.: comequick. The great coat was that in which tiie corpse had been discovered invested. Sviio was this coming — coming. probably from the room recently tenanted by that strange, awful, dead man ? Tliat was the first thought of horror '.that shot through' her brain, followed by another still more; horrible, "AVhat is it?" For a while Salome wa3 bereft of power of speech and motion. There was a sensation in her brain as though' a handle were being turned that had attached to it every nerve in her body, aiid that tliey were being spun off her anil on to, a reel, like silk from a cocoon. Her hands con-; tractod on what she holdj she could not have let- them fall bad she willed to relax her grasp. They stiffened as do the hands of a corpse. She could not cry oiit, her tongue was paralysed. She could not stir a step forward, or backward, all control over her knees was gone from her. . "When tlio figure liad nearly reached the bottom of the stairs, it stojiped and turned ite head towards her, and looked at her. , The light of the lowered gas jet was on her and off the face of the apparition ; all she saw was black shadow, as all she had seen of the face of the corpse on the bed had been— a black handkerchief cast oyer it. But site distinguished the hair, somewhat long behind the cars, and frowzy-whiskers about the jaws. That was all she could make out in that moment of acute, agonising horror. The figure stood looking nt her, and she heard the clock in the hall, tick, tick, tick, tick, and then' begin 'the .premonitory growl that preceded striking. The figure moved down the final steps, and stole in the same stealthy, noiseless manner to the garden door, and disappeared through it. Tiie look of the back, the sit of the well-known overcoat, the way in which the liat was worn, all recalled to lier the dear, lost frieiul, and yet she knew it could not be he. He would never have inspired lier witli shuddering dread. He would not have passed lier witliont a word. In another moment the spell of rigidity wns taken off her. The blood rushed tingling through ever- vein, her hands,' .hor feet, recovered activity, lier heart- bounded nnd shook off its fear, and lier mind recovered its proper energy. She ran after the apparition, and found that the garden door was actually open. . Instantly, without ! further consideration, slie shut and looked it, and then flew upstairs and knocked vehemently, loudly, ht Philip Pennycomequtck's door. He opened it, and was surprised to see' Salome on the landing, breathless. " Is your mother worse ?" he asked, for lie saw that she was shaking and white. " Oil, Blr. Pennycohlequiek, do tell me. Have you had a man here with you 2". " I do not understand. " I have seen someone descend the stairs. If lie did not come from your 'study, lie issued from that room in which— in which — shuddered. " I mean' from the spare bed room."' " No one lias been witli me." " But lie came down the staircase slowly and silently, like a shadow, and passed mc." "I have seen and lieard no one." " And yet, there has been someone in the house." . . Philip thought, and" then said, , "'Bites' Cos-' worth, your nerves havo , been overwrought.' You have been imposed on by your' imagina tion." ' " But— the garden door. ;' I found it open. I have just looked it. The figure wont out through it." ' - . ' '. .; " Did you 'distinguish who it was ?" "No, he came" from tlie beat bedroom, wear ing dear uncle's— I mean Mr.' Pcnnycomcquiok's overcoat and liat." Philip again mused. " All my poor uncle's clothing," lie said, after a moment of thought, "all that remained,, the overcoat included; I ordered yesterday to be laid out in' tlie spare chamber. I told your mother to dispose of them as she thought proper. I made no doubt that sli6 khew.ofpoor persons to . whom they would be serviceable." . " Biit no poor person would come at .this time of night, and slip out stealthily at tlie garden door, which ought to 'be looked .at half -past nine." " Let us go into. the. spare room and reassure .ourselves," said Philip., "You.wiU'fihd the overcoat -there, and then, perhaps, you.will come" to tlie same conclusion that l liavo, that you have been over '.worried and overwrought, and that fancy has corijurcd np the ghost." : Ho went back iuto.his room for a candle, and Salome, standing alone, witli. beating heart, on' the landing, asked herself whether' she had been deluded by hor imagination. ... 'Philip returned with a candle. He smiled and said, " I remember . particularly' tliat great' coat. It was laid oh .the. bed, and tlie liat by it. I wont into tho room . this evening, about half- past 8, and both were there then. "He had his hand on the door. "You are not afraidto come in with me?"' ; Salomo shook her' head. ' She liad begun to hope .tliat sbe had been a prey to fancy. He opened the door, - went in; aiuV held the light over Iris head. The great coat and the liat — wove gone. 