CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND \- HOME MfSSIOlTOP'SOtJtH AU3 , tralia,; ? r , : . r, ::i FIRST DAY. The annual meetings in connection with the Congregational Churches in South Ana-' tralia were began on Tuesday afternoon, Uctober 15. in the Stow Church Gaildroom. The proceedings were opened at half-past 2 by a devotional service. Then followed the meeting of the Council, which lasted till 6 o'clock, the Rev. Walter Jonea (Chairman of the Union) presiding over a large attendance of ministers and laymen. On the motion of the Rev. W. R. Flmcheb, seconded by the Rev. J. Lloyd, a vote of thanks wag passed to the Rev. F. W. Cox for officiating aa Chairman of the Union ainoe the Eev. A. Jonea left for Victoria in October last. The Reve. F. Hastings and E. Hampden Cook were admitted to the Union, and re turned thanks, and the Revs. J. E. Kelly and W. Penry Jones, who had been admitted at the half-yearly meeting, also returned thanks. The Renmark Church was received into the Union. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE'S BEPOET. The Executive Committee stated in their report that twelve meetings of the oommittee had been held during the year, at whioh the average attendance had been twenty-one out cf thirty members. In consequence of the Rev. A. Jones, the elected Chairman, leaving for Victoria last October, and resigning the Chairmanship of the Union, the committee unanimously^ requested tho Rev.' F. 'W.XoxC to take the position, which he had done with great acceptance. . The .Rev. J.C. MoMiohael, who had held ihe positions of- Corresponding and Minute Secretary for some years paa»; had broken np: hia city home and re moved to Port Wakefield, consequent upon the death of hit wife, he preferred not to foe re-elected. The committee had requested Mr. J. J. Stuckey, one of the Minute Secre taries of past years, to assist in the secretarial duties till after the annual meetings. They parted with their brother (the Rev. J. C. MoMichael) from his official connection with them with great regret. The oom mittee had again been indebted to their kind friends at Stow Chambers for a place of meeting during the yaar. The Stow Manse Chambers had been let, but after a few months' interval the Church had erected a room adjoining, to be known as the guild room, in which they met that day. The Atbelfltone or Shipley Church had ceased by its own requeBt to be supplied by the denomination through the Lay Preaohers1 AsEOciation, but had during the past six weeks been served by Pastor Abbott, of Stepney, with his band of preachers, who had aleo made arrangements to rent the Church from the local Trustees for twelve months. Negotiations for the transfer of the Church property to the Union as trustees for the Church had been carried on, but were now appended owing to the difficulty of getting the Church to hold a meeting to sanction the transfer. As the result of the visit of the Rev. F. C. 6. Fairey to this colony ia September, 1888, liberal contributions to the proposed River Murray Mission were promised, and absolu tion was passed at the intercolonial confer ence in Melbourne, recommending united action on the part of of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. The Bister eolonieB, however, not being willing to co operate, and the financial position of the Union ot South Australia forbidding them to undertake the work singlehanded, the scheme had to be abandoned. Reference was made in the report to the ministerial changes in the Congregational Churches of the colony during the year. The Finance Department would be reported on by the Finance Secretary subsequently. The com mittee; understood that the year'B receipts ' had been £290, and the expenditure £332. There appeared need of much greater activity amongst the Churches in this department. The poly new Church during the year -vas that at Renmark, which, according to the report of the sub-committee, was progressing satisfactorily although the building had not been erected owing to the flood Boare. The Literature Sub-Committee had recommended that the Union should co-operate with the denomination in New South Wales with let peot to the year-book ' The Independent atd Young People's Magazine.' Tie subject of foreign missions was a large one and diffi cult to report upon at that stage. Communi cations were in progress whereby Victoria acd South Austi alia, and it was hoped the ather colonies also, would unite in accepting a field of labour in India or elsewhere to which all colonial-born missionaries might fcr the present be sent. The object was to gra dually biing the fields of labour more direotly bo the hearts of the colonies. Miss L. M. Cox, daughter of the Rev. F. W. Cox, was now ready to go as a missionary. She had been approved by the Home Board of the London Missionary Society, and the Vic toiian and South Australian Zsnana Branches were prepared with the necessary funds for tier maintenance. The authorities in London seemed slow, however, in completing the anal arrangements. The sub-committee would report aa to the College scheme. A resolution had been passed by the committee that a portion of the funds collected in the Sunday-schools for mission work should be devoted to home missions. This had been 30mmunicafced to the schools and adopted in many cases. Among other things, the com mittee repotted about the following :— J ubilee movement — xnia Deing closed a year ago the past year had been occupied in closing the various accounts ; the work, how ever, for the year would be reported upon. Debenture Scheme — A scheme for borrowing money to relieve the Chnrches from their building debts was approved generally by the Union at the half yearly meeting. After great consideration tha scheme was adopted, andiBSued in the follow ing form :— The Congregational Chapsl Build ing Society of South Australia, Incorporated, exists for the purpose of lending to the Churches (partly at an interest of 5 per cent., and partly without interest) for the payment of their building debts. The portion without interest is repaid by weekly instalments. These instalments are reinvested in local working Building Associations, bo as to produce a small interest to the Society. The capital of the Society is between £4,000 and £5,000, and is all lent to local Churches on the above terms, It is proposed to borrow £5,000 to £10,000 to relend in the same way to the other Churches who are now borrow ing outside for a fixed term at rates of interest from 6 to 8 per cent. The total value of the Church properties in the province, thirty or forty in all, would be at least £100,000, and each loan would be secured by a mortgage to the Society of the individual Church pro perty, such mortgages covering property to the value of £30,000 to £40,000. The Society would ba prepared to give debentures of £100 or upwards for the £5,000 to £10,000, and to pay 5 per cent interest thereon half-yearly, but the individual mortgages to the Society would not be pledged.' A dis cusBion : ensued with reference to various matters in the report. The Ministerial Students — The Rev. W. R, Fletcher re marked that as the Parkin Fund would be nselesB to operate nison for some years, provi sion should be made at once for their train ing. He himself offered to provide for three students a year if the Union would similarly act aB to a like number. The debate on the Bubject was postponed till the following day. On the motion of the Rsv. J. McEwnr the question of the Athehtone or Shipley Church was referred to the Executive Committee with power to act Report adopted. ; NEW CHAIBMAN'. The Rev. J. R. Glasson was elected Chair man of the Union for 1890-9L The Chairman's Addbess. 'how can oub chubches be made mobs USEFUL?' This was tha subject of the Chairman's annual address, delivered in the Scow Lecture Hal) in the evening. The Rev. W. Jones Baid that the March number of the North American Rtvmo had a series of articles on tbe queition— ' Can our Chnrches be made more useful?' That the question should be put in that way showed that the spirit of the times was not unfriendly to Christianity. Yet the fact of the question being put indi cated that thoughtful minds were of. the opinion that Christianity as represented by ;he various denominations waa not fulfilling ta great mission in a way altogether satis factory. . And this opinion was reflected by the utterances of many of the leading minds within the Churches. 'How,' he asked, 'can our Churches be made more useful?' The facts of the THew Testament (many of which the speaker quoted) furnished the answer— By a baptism of powsr from on high. This m onld give the consecration, the edification, the fearlessness, to witness for and live for Chriet. The Apoatles as a foroe in the world were baptised and became changed men, and he went on to show that although the utterances of the Apostles in themselves had little trace of learning or eloquence, yet their simple and fervid testi mony, accompanied with power from on high, changed the mind and will of multitudes. Without passing judgment npon any Be at ion of the Church they could say that the gift of old was not upon them as they might have it. The earnest and devout of every denomination were conscious of a mysterious lack of power. As Churches they needed power from on high to cultivate greater righteousness among themselves and to evangelize the multitude. Again, tarn to the primitive Church for instruction. There was a time when that Church was helpless, when it could do nothing to rescue the world from sin and wickedness. She, however, had received a command to tarry in Jerusalem, ' They all with one accord continued stead fastly in prayer.' If the numerous seltcon Btitnted advisers of the Church had been in existence then as now how they would have derMed the company of men hn-f women eo anxious to be true id theirLordH' They wera in earnest and believed in the Lord's promise. Inen as to the Loid's appearance to the dis ciples on the eVeningof the first day of the Re A11'?5,0,'011'*06 pMuhal gift of the Holy Gaojt. As Caccn Weetcott explained it— 'The cbaiacteriulia tffect of^ the Paschal gift was shown in the new faith by which the disciples were gathered into a living society ' The Paschal gift gave them the faith, joy in one another s fellowship, the endurance to wait and pray for the promised gift of the Holy Spirit. In theee days of ecienco and proud philosophies faith in prayer was legarded in certain quarters as a sign of mental in feriority. Happily the glamour ot eoientiGo thought in regard to spiritual matters was losing its spell and sovereignty. Men were beginning to listen with renewed interest to the opinions of men who had as much right to be heard in matters religious as the most accomplished scientists of the day. John Foster's remarkable utterance in his essay on the epithet 'Romantic' was quoted in regard to the power of a praying Church. The rev. gentleman dealt at length on the Lord's teaching with respect to the Church's need of the Holy Ghost for usefulness. The command of Christ, ' Go ye and make dis ciples of all the nations,' &c;, and the Lord's . utterance before His ascension, ' Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you,' &c;, were referred to, and the remark made, 'If words mean anything, and if solemnity of occasion can add to their significance, we have here the answer to ths question ' How can our Churches be made more useful?' The answer to this question had nothing new about it. It was simply a resort to instru mentalities that were -old and yet ever new. They might adopt for pulpit themes subjects Eocial, political, semi-truthful, semi-profane, or nonsensical— they might institute eervlcea gorgeous and cultivate magnificent singing, choose this or that philosophy as their method of reasoning, and be endowed with commanding eloquence, and yet do really nothing to transform the heart3 and willB of men and women. On the other hand, having few of these ac cessories, but possessing the presence of the Holy Ghost, they would be mighty in their war agaiEBt sin and selfishness. There was a danger in these days of progress and desire for something new of overlooking the fact that the Becret of spiritual life and success was the same now aa in the days of old. In their haste to improve Christian doctrine they might unconsciously come to think of the 'Bword of the Spirit' as a two handed weapon, stowed away in some museum of curiosities illustrative of the prowess of old, but of no service to-day. Having answered the subject of the address from the New Testa ment, the rev. gentleman glanced briefly at seme of the great movements and victories of the Church since apoBtolic times, by which th6y were confronted with faots similar to those bo conspicuous in the history of the early Churoh. He referred to the confeBsorB and martyrs of the Church, and stated that the era of the Reformation owed everything to revived faith in the ministry of the Holy Ghost. Luther, Zwingle, and the strong brotherhood of men who shook Europe fell back upon the promises of the Holy Spirit's presence in a similar manner as the Churches of the martyr and apoBtolio days. Some time before Luther broke from the Roman Church he had learnt the meaning of true repentance. It was not, however, till he felt the quicken ing of the trsth, 'the first shall live by faith,' that he became the power to liberate cations from the yoke of priestcraft. As they understood it there was a degree of tiuth in prieBtism. It was a half truth ; and therefore more dangerous, if rested in, than a doctrine which was wholly false, ' Wb can only overcome its menacing influence,' the speaker continued, ' by proclaiming the whole: truth. Sacerdotalism can be over come only as we preach the true and glorious doctrine, 'the prieBthood of all believers.' Romanism and the High Churchism of a powerful section in the English Episcopal Church are not diminishing influences in our communities- The strength oi these systems lies in two doctrineB, viz , the presence of the Holy Ghoat in the Church through her priest hood, and the real presence in the sacrament of the Holy Communion. Tbe tendency of certain schoolB of Protestants is to explain away the sacrificial significance of the Atonement and to interpret the Biblical references to the Holy Ghost as figurative of general divine influence. Better that the world Bbould have preserved to it these two great doctrines by priestly systems than it should lose them (if such were pos sible) through the rationalizing of non prie&tly; ByBtsms. If we virtually expel the Atonement and the Holy Ghost from our creed and belief we shall be impotent com pared with ecclesiastical Churches in witnessing for Christ in the world. Dr. Dale in a sermon on the Holy Gho3t says : — 'It is not the perfection of ita organization that enables a Church to redeem men from their Bins and lead them in a path of righteousness. There have been preachers in the Church of Rome, spite of its monstrous polity, who have done infinitely more for mankind and for God than whole' crowds of preachers, eloquent, learned, and orthodox, in the purest Protestant Churoh ee. There iB no 'power,' no 'holineBB' in Presbyterianism, in Methodism, in Congregationalism, in Episcopacy, to work the spiritual miracles by which the lives of individuals and communities are transformed.' This teach ing has remarkable though unconscious illustration in the manner in which the claims of denominations are regarded by average Australians. Some say they are deficient in historical instinct. Certainly they show a languid interest in the struggles of their ancestors for the vindication of this or that denomination. They take things as they find them and judge accordingly. The te&t; they apply is more practical than poetical. They judge of a tree by its fruit. They know that all Churches in these lands stand upon a perfect equality. If they see ftat a priestly system is more in earnest for God and more safe for the good of men than anti-priestly systems we know to which they will give their support. We believe that priestcraft is baneful to spiritual liberty and vital godliness. The only possible way in which it can be overcome is for us to pray the Father to make all our people 'Kings and priests unto God' by the quickening baptism of the IHoly Ghost. This truth Beized tbe mind and heart of Luther, Melancthon, Zwingle, and the Reformers. Then they accomplished their great work, The false sacerdotalism was opposed by the true sacer dotalism. The gifts of the Holv Ghost were proclaimed as the privilege, not of a class, but of the whole believing multitude. The period of the revival under WeBley and Whit field witneeseB in comparatively modern times to the power of the Holy Ghost. Both these men knew a time of only average usefulness. There came, however, an epoch in each life and ex perience, after which they became changed even and wielded immense influence over the people. By their earnestness they altered the religious aspect of England. It was the experience of the apostles over again.' Further on the speaker said— ' Critics who ask what has nineteen centuries of Chris tianity done for the world forget that modern missions are not much more than a century old. We, too, sometimes forget this fact. It is a truth that should inspire a glorious faith. , , . If by prayer and true earnestneEB we whh the presence of the Holy Ghost the jubilant seng of trium phant achievement for God and his Christ will sound and reecho through the whole of our colonies. These new lands are beginning to make their influence felt in the old world. If the ChurcheB do thefr duty what may not Australia do for the honour of Chiist and the good of men. We are not cramped by the fetters of tradition and custom aa on the other Bide of the world. No Church true to- Australian people will allow itself to be Bhadowed by old-world prestige. God and Christ alone must be in our thoughts. Labouring under such condi tiODBa glorious dream of Australia's powerf or true religion fills the mind. We -want but the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our democracies, and Australia will lead in the van of the armies of the Prince of Peace, In conclusion, we want, as says William Arthur, ' in thia age above all wants, fire, God's holy fire, burning in the hearts of men, stirring their brains, thrilling in their tongueB, glowing in . their countenance, vibrating in their actions, expanding their, intellectual powers, fusing all their knowledge, logic, and rhetoric into a burning stream.' ' 