w '4- ' At Home and Abroad. w | Information has reached the Mining Department of an important discovery of gold- bearing quartz in the vicinity , ot < tlie iroulburn iiver, near Jamieson. A prospecting party, j subsidised out of the prospect ing vote, has been engaged for / some time past in testing the ranges, which have, evidently , proved' feeders to the alluvial i deposits found in the adjacent I watercources and flats. On foUowing up several spurs they I were found to converge into a well-defined body of stone, ; from which a crushing of 20 tons yielded 50 ozs. of Jretorted gold. This eminently satisfae- ; tory result will doubtless attract 1 considerable attention to the 7 locality in question, and in all ;,v probablity lead to the develop- IV ment of an important reef- !;; bearing country. J During a disorderly meeting at North Melbourne the other y. night, when Dr. Rose was a, addressing the electors, one of his supporters, who was endeavouring to prevent the platform being rushed, was stabbed twice, severely but not dangerously. His assailant escaped detection. a meeting of the share- : holders in Heinecke and Fox, limited, tobacco importers 1' and manufacturers, was held last week, at Melbourne, / when the report showed that, owing to the loss on the year's V proceedings, the guaranteed dividend could not he paid. A long; discussion took place as : to the advisability of winding : up the company, and a reso- : lution to that effect was ; negatived. Ultimately the meeting adjourned for a week in order to elect directors and arrange to . carry on the If business. A peculiar case of poisoning occured at Dungog the other , day. A Mrs. Burgess took a / dose ' of chlorodyne in the night and then suckled her infant twins. In the morning they £ showed signs of narcotic n poisoning and died during ; the clay. At an inquest a verdict of accidental death was kj returned, no blame being M|ttached to the mother, who unaware of the poisonous Hkcts of the chlorodyne. Robert Dennis sued Mr. PRniker Heaton, M.P. for jjiCahterbury, for £500 for 'services alleged to have been rendered. The plaintiff enumer- ated the services as consisting the writing of Mr. Heaton's speeches, his articles in the I " National Review," and his ; ; letters to the " Times " and the Postmaster-General on . postal matters from 1885 to v: 1888 ; also his statement before r the Colonial Conference, and | i for acting for what is known X as Mr. Heaton's ghost. The faction lias been settled by the payment by the defendant of , £400 and £200 costs. > ' rV'X- . I In the House of Commons a. the Right Hon. John George V; Shaw-Lefevre, M.P. for Bracl- > ford, has given notice of his /: intention to ask the Right Hon. : W. H. Smitli, First Lord of the Treasury, whether the . refusal of Queensland to con- -i - tribute to the cost of maintain - ing the Australian auxilary , squadron releases the other eolonies from their responsi- X: bility ; and also whether I England will have to bear Queenland's share of the cost. r.j--'."". r: - The>; Victorian Government | f statist estimates the barley crop / - for the year 1888-9 at 1 , 128, 582 /bushels, from 83,318a., the average being 13.54 bushels to the acre. The yield is much g, below those of several preceed- years, and. is made lip of <;!-Aalting barley, 718,921 bus- |;hels ; other kinds, 409,611 Igjiuskels. The average yield ||per a-cre is nearly 10 bushels relow that of 1887. In the I Colac district the average yield 20 bushels to the acre. f At a meeting of the Harbor Trust at Melbourne last week a debate took place on a letter received from the Premier for warding the protest of the Trades- hall Council against the action of the Trust in sending to England for dredges. It was decided to reply to the Premier, stating that while anxious at all times to consider the manufacturers and trades of the colony, the Trust objected to being influenced or control led by any irresponsible section of the public interested in special trades. The number of live stock in the United Kingdom in 1888 was: — Horses 1,936,702; cattle 10,268,600 ; sheep 58,938,716; pigs 3,815,643. The increase on the numbers of the previous year were horses 223 ; cattle 371,360 ; sheep 463,034. The increase on pigs was 94,686. Last time a census was taken in Great Britain (says "Figaro") a well- knowu firm offered to provide the Government gra tuitously with the millions of census papers required, on con dition that the advertisement of the firm was printed on the back of each form. The same firm, it is rumoured, has already made a similar offer to the Treasury for the census of 1890 ; whilst, according to another report, Mr. Goschen has received a detailed com munication from the proprietor of an American newspaper, boldly offering to undertake " the census job," and running it through from begining to end for less than half the amount which was returned to Parliament as having been the total cost of taking the census of 1880. In making this offer, the enterprising Yankee ex pressly guarantees accuracy, being willing to insert a clause into the agreement, which would be necessary if his offer were accepted, mulcting him in the sum of <£10,000 should anv of the statistics furnished under his supervision prove to be incorrect. The Department of Trades and Customs has prepared a comparative statement of the external trade of Victoria for 1888\. The total value of im ports, including £1,029,397 for gold and silver specie, was £23,972,134 and the total value of exports, including £3,707,529 for gold and silver specif was £13,853,763. The imports exceeded those of 1887 by £4,949,983 and the exports exceeded those of 1887 by £2,502,618. The figures show that in the three last years the colony imported £24,521,631 more than is ex ported. The imports of merchandise only for last year were £22,944,737, and the exports £10,146,234 ; the excess of imports over exports being £12,798,503. Whilst New South Wales in 1888 only imported about the same value of merchandise as she exported, Victoria imported more than twice the value of the exports of merchandise. A painter named Henry Alfred Currie, aged 38 years, residing in Portland-street, Waterloo, met with a shocking death on Saturday afternoon. About 1.50 p.m. he endeavoured to jump on a special Botany tram as it was passing the usual stopping place at the entrance to Belmore Park, in Elizabeth- street. He got upon the foot board of the first car, hut before he could enter the tram a passing vehicle knocked him off, and he fell between the first and second cars. The wheels of the second carriage passed over the upper portion of his body, and he was dragged some considerrble ' distance. Death must have been instan taneous, the face having been crushed beyond recog nition, and the upper part of the body severely mutilated. The body was removed to the South Sydney Morgue, where his two brothers and his brother-in-law had considerable difficulty in making the neccessary indenti- fication. 