CONFERRING OF TUE PALLIUM \ ON AHGUMSHOP MURPHY. Hobabt, May 12, I The investiture of Bishop Murphy with the archiepiacopttl authority by Cardinal Mpr&n; took placo at St. Mary'e Cathedral to-day, the oeremony being of an imposing nature. Long before the time appointed the cathedral was crowded to its utmost, Among those present being His Excellcncy the Governor and Lady Hamilton, and Sir Lambert and Lady Dobson. who were accommodated with seats inside the chancel, while a large number oi the leading edifice. The procession, consisting oi archbishops, bishops, and clergy, started from tbe Palace to the sucriaty at 10-4'», entering by tbe western door of tbe sanctu ary. Hie Eminence Cardinal Moran being vested in the robea of his office, and having fordeacotis Dean Woods (Hobart), and Arch deacon llogan (Westbury), and a number of acolytes* bearing the train of the archbishop elect, who was attended by*, Father Nomw (Latrobe), and Father Feehan (Oatlands), came uuxt, followed by the Bishops of Uoulhuru, Bathuret, ana Grafton, aud a number of the clergy. On arriving at the altar Hie Eminence took his seat on the arebiepiscopal throne. Another pro cession then entered from the sacristy, fimang whom were the Archbishop of Adelaide (Dr. Reynolds), who aaug a Pontifical high masp, Denn Ueechiuor acting as assistant priest, and '?iIutb Honnebry end Uernard Murphy rtTtitiff as ,I^!con0' ()u arrival at tire altar Dr. lloynolda cclebtK^? ,na?5' w!'c'' thesacred pallium was plafiea tbe al^!j end ot the conclusion oi the niiBs .''J Eminence laid aside thp cappa and was veted in a white cope, mitre and pastorate staff. Th& Archbishop elect was then vested with the ftil' canomcals aud accompanied to the altar by bis atten dants. His Eminence then handed the pontificiel brief to Dean Beecbinor, who read it aloud, giving liaglisli translation afterwards. Then His Grace knelt before the Cardinal, and made the usual profession of faith prescribed by Five 4th, and took the customary oath of allegiance to the holy See, the Cardinal holding the holy book on his lap, and the Arch , bishop kiesed it. The whole ceremony I occupied a cousiderable time. The Car dinal then tCad the prescribed prayers, I after which he solemnly invested His Grace with tbe insignia of archiepieeopal I authority, and the Archbishop gave bis blessing to the multitude and imparted the I kiss of peace to His Bminence and each of the prelates 111 succession. All tueciecgj of tbe diocese then approached and kissed liis Grace's ring aa a token of obedience and submission. . Ac the conclusion of the ceremony, the Cardinal, resuming his former robes, entered tbe pulpit aud preached an eloquent sermon | from 18th St. John, ItSth to 24th verses. He | said the ceremony in wbich they were assisting naturally would convey tbeir thoughts to that marvellous unity by which it pleased tbe Divine Saviour to set His seal upon His Holy i'hutch. Ue had formed for Himself a spiritual kingdom upon earth, and enriched it with liis divine strength, and from tbe bosom of His Divine Father had brought down liis love to sanctify it* He had mstituted that Holy bacnnce wtucn once offered Calvary as an emblem ot llis mercy, and which on the golden alter in benven evef- pleadea on their behalf. The ceremony of to-day was but a continuance of tbia gift, but a swell ing forth of the stream of the Re debaier'e mercy to mankind as evidence of His power and wisdom— a means whereby 1 He bound together in sanctified bonds of peace and charity tbe children oi God. If they went to the banks of Jordan to see the Saviour going for'h from its waters, and hear the message f torn above 'Thisii* My beloved Son in whom I am well pleased,' they fouud that tbe same love tbe Father there extended to his Hon lie extended to Hit Church on earth. Tberethuy found the llolv Ghost descending on ihe Sou, forming tliut bond of uuiort between tlie rbree Divine Persons that, symbolise'} tbat union which existed in die Church liuked together in eternal unity, l'lutssyuiia-t etic unity it was their blessed privilege to-day to see extended and boi.-lB drawn closer that united the Church here with that Church which awaited them in Heaven above. He touched on tiie early histrry of UieOtholic Church, the martyrs who had buttered in her cau&e; — instancing that of iraintpolicar, who, when brought before the tyruut nnd commanded to abjure, replied that for *0 years bis Uivino Miwtur bad loved him and be could not deny Him, and who glorying | in this— that Master's lore— bad gone lorth : to his martyrdom. These martyrs had es tablished forthe church a glorious berituge, , which it was tbe privilege ot her and . daughters this day Co participate in. He epoke of the time when the cnuntles6 hordes of barbarians had swarmed round the Imperial City and laid her low in the dui^t: how tbat which was looked upon as an instance of GodV nuger had but been the means of spreading the Gospel, by bringing their invader under the dominion ot the Church: how from Irelaud to the remotest. Knst mis8ir.nnri''s had gone forth preaching t lie Gospel ; and how the re-utt hud enlightened the natwns-oi uieUirisi'm domof 10-day. Heepokeof corruptions int ro duced by nnibitioue men anxious to enrich themselves nt the expanse of the Church ; of iri-imirchft in their pride nmigniing tc* themselves! 11 po\vr ihat belonged tot.Ue Church al'ine. lie e*id that lett+rs had bv.M\ diccovvced from Hetirv VI 11. nnd KlisnMh to the cffecl. thai if the I'oniifl would yield to them, tbat bright gem (Knglatid » would never bav«' been euatched nway from the Church; hut. tlie Pontill would not abate & titttu of the power that 1 dueconded to him from the Apostles, llo would not palter with God's commands, and oue of the brightest gems in tbe world bad passed away from the Church. Still tbe Church extended ber arms , to gather her children from the re I mutest parts into that fold, sanctified by the blood of heroes and martyrs. On that very duy 4!) years ago the first bishop had been anlhroued in St. Joseuh'.* rhutvfi, Jlnlwrt, Dr willsou, one wliil by bis loiduus labor* bud won bright I fiiiir«!r- in his native land, «nd devoted J himself with un'irin^ energy to the cau^-i oi the prisoner* here, and hud earned for himself a rank among the grente.-t philan thropists of hit. time. He drew a picture | of the progress of the Church in that time to the present wicn tnvhbis-hnpp and prelates from tbe ether .colonies hud uh pembled to offer their congratulations on I lijp elovntion to the dvsvoted pds'or «if the TitMimninn diocene. lie t-nid thnt in | lb'. c*'r'!uuny of to-duy th« Church wik. jollowing out tbe example t*t by the ( Saviour when be founded His Church' otf 1 ?j tbe Rock of £t Peter, end' bade His ] I disciples go forth and preach the gospel. I scene to-day was different from tbat of 1 ( *;j yfira uo, and was in repetition of tbe ! history of tbis, Church of God in ber dd-'j j vancement. lie fl£6ke ot the difficulties ] j that stood io the way ol the Church's pro I greae, especially in the early dfcys ol tbe I tiokmiea, as for many years no ptfsrts 1 were admitted to preach to the people, xstnoeTng the visit of father riynn, who bad tieefi' qbiigsd to leave on account of the opj&bmfon; offered, Then two more priests had taktiii' up the work, oue of whom, Father Phillip Conhblfy,- k«d labored Tor 15 years among the pobple without anyone to console or assist bim, yet in tbe face of many hardships and dis appointments be had labored with giant's ; strength end might in tbe work of bis Masted but wboso closing years were clouded vritt gJoom, Yet his memory would never be fofgot^rr as one amongst tbem. Be dwelt on the gradual progress made up to the time ol Bishop nil son's entbronemeut, and the advancement made in tbe other colonies where'Bathurst, Goulboura, and GraFtOn, which were then but small villages, were now Episcopal Ser», Ke said it seemed that 1'rovideuce had arranged that these colonies should extend to afT ffimpire, for tbere was be stowed upon them a wealth of resources and energy that lead to a dominion. He could but riope that if this were the case her victories would be those of enligltten rnent and progress, victories in which the standard of Christ . would be unfurled. ' It was tbe duty of the Church to take part in this mission of enlightenment, and 1 spread the Christian religion in this southern wWlcJ, The ceremony of to-day j was part of that tiHssiou, and it had re-1 ceived the authority Of tbe head of the Church, and tbat episcopal authority was 1 now delegated to tbeir beloved brother. It would be his prayer that Divine guidance , might oontih'tft *0 lead him in the paths of Christianity, aud thaf year the epi6 copate would grow in BtfeftgUT and unit;*; 1 and that when tbe time came that fife .be loved brother should receive the reward of tbe faithful, and that the crown of glory which would descend upon him would also descend upon bis people. On the conclusion of the sermon His Eminence b'ht e/fcti the (aanctuaTy and gave his blessingto tbe people,- and the procession re-forming, it left the church as ft entered. After mass tbe Cardinal held d Ufei, at which His Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justice, and a number of other gentle men Were prer*ent, the party returning to the Palace after partaking of some light refreshment. Tbe choir, under the leadership of Mr J, R. M*Cann, assisted by a bsndof eight instruments contributed music, playing a processional march as the cortege entered the church. Tbe ' Kyrie,' ?? Gloria,' ' Sanctus,' and '* Agnus Dei' from Mozart's 'Twelfth Mess,' and the 'fredo,' from Parmer's Maes, were sung, Miss Thomkm, Miss Bingham, and Mr Johnson being soloists. For tbe offertory, ' Kingoreliia Laudate,' (solo and chorus, was rendered, and at the conclusion tbe ' Te Deura ' was sung, Misp Shields presidingat the orgau. At Vespers' Cardinal Moran gave bis Pontifical benediction, Mr J. MuHhall sing ing Ilenmell's 'O Salutarls.' 