J fAyXA.fiC ANJD MUTICAL NOTES. (Br ToucHsTONE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No. 21. ROYAL CLARENCE THEATRE 4Manager .... ... Mr. F. B. WATSON Stage Directora Mesasr. HAnnY JACKSON Ane VINSON TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1855. The infant prodigy MISS ANNA MI. QUINN. The performance will commence with the drama. THE OLD GUARD. Hversaeno (the Old Guard) .......... - Mr. J. H, \ lsone -Lord Beauvillo ... Sir. MSIAN Henry Vebre ... r. Lewis Rawson ... ...Mr. JAMUE HAs?ER Mlelain ..e ... .. ... Mrs. HARARnn Lady Beauville ...Miss LUCELLE GasRAHA After which the first act of HAMLET. Hamlet ... ...... Miss QUINN Horatio, Mr. Vineon; King, Mr. Lewis ; Laeortes, Mr. Miran ; Ghost, Mr. Byers; Polonius, MIr. Harry Jackson; Marcellus, Mr. Harker. To be followed by the laughable farce THE KING'S GARDENER. Mona. Galochiad ... In. HAnsR JACKSON The whole to conclude wieth the ACTRESS OF ALL WORK. MAIA.. .. ... Miss QUINN Boxes, es; Pit, 2s ld. The following are the present bills atthe various Melbourne Thecatres:-Theatre Royal, " Human Nature;" Princess Theatre, "Now Magdalen ;" Opera House, "Fool's Revenge;" Alexandra Theatre, "Tlhe Beggar Student." Mr. George R. ireland has been engaged by Messrs Williamson, Garner, and Ius grove to play the part of " Hawker," in "Human Nature." The Sydney Theatres are running the following bills of fare, Theatre Royal, ":Pepita ;" Criterion Theatre, "Sophia;" and Her Majesty's " Julius Cmsar." Miss Katie Putnam has gone back to Ameorica. A Melbourne paper pronounces the Ingo of a?r. H. N. Douglas superior to either that of MKiln or Dampier. That excellent theatrical scribed" Q." in his " Whisperings in the Wings" in a Melbourne weokly, writes:-The other night I had a chat with that popular friend of elder playgoers, Harry Edwards, who has just returned from America. " Yes," he says, "It's twenty-two years since I left. these shores, since I went away with Lady Don in 1867. Feel P Peel as well as over; and that's saying something for .a man of sixty-three. Fancy, it's thirty four years ince I made my first appearance in Melbourne with G. V. Brojke, under whose fostering care I hlid my best to climb the ladder. And dear old Barry Sullivan, •too; well do I remember his first appear ance as "Hamlet," at the Royal. Yes, the States have principally been my happy hunting ground since I left you, and I'm real glad to get back to Seeoldfriends again and make new acquaintances. But what a change there is n Melbourne, and what improvements and advance you have made. I can't recognise some of it but then I haven't had tiipe to got nearly round about.it all. WhlatI'm here forte to submit to you one of the successes of the day in the dramatised version of Mre. Bur nett's novel, Little Lord Feuntleroy. It has, as you know, been ahit alike in Britain and in America, and I'm sure it will be the same in Australia. I've brought over six people, all of good standing in the pro fession, and little Miss Burnett, who plays the title role, is exceptionally clever, and was a great favourite in America. We will be augmented by prominent members of the firm's staff, and we have begun re hearsing with the intention of giving you a look at us at the Princess a fortnight or three weeks hence. "Q" also notes the following a-The other day I met St. Maur on the street just back from a nicely successftl tour and about to start out againon playing pere grinations. He is going to India for the cold weather ; and, meanwhile, he has got a capable company together who will appear in opera bouffe, drama, and comedy and variety. Besides the dramatic corps there will be Harry Arnold, trick skater, and Leo, the child actress. The tour is again under the management of Leonard Lane, who has joined partnership with St. _Maur, Prinsop being business managers. All success to them ! P. T. Barnum does not look like a man who has just entered upon the 80th yearof ,his life. He is displaying the energy of other times in pushing along the prepara tions for shipping the great American circus and menagerie to London. Instead of retiring from business, Mr. Barnum is ready to lay hold of every novelty that may ,be brought within his reach. A rare old showman is Barnum. . The other day at Monte Video, Adelaide Tessero, the sister of Madame IMajeroni. ' took her farewell benefit in "MaryStuart." The receipts were close upon £500, and the actress was the recipient of 30 baskets of flowers, a brooch composed of brilliant+, a bracelet containing an immense ruby, a diamond ring, a fan mounted in gold with her cipher in brilliants, and a score of other costly offerings. .IFergus Hume is in London enjoying the season and such distinction as appertains to .being" the'man who wrote the "hansom cab story, donecherknow." He goes out (writes ,a correspondent of a N.Z. contemporary) a good bit into Brompton society, is made snuch of by Anglo-Australians as "one of our rising men," and graciously patronised by the larger literary lions of the Savile Club. I don't fancy he has made 2much money yet either by his books or play. He has, however, a ner drama in Srand from which the inevitable "great things" are expected, and which should bring in the dollars. Mro. Langtry,who has recently returned from Vichy, will open her autumn tour on September 0, at Wolverhampton, She will appear in " Esther bandraz," also in ' Lady Clancarty" and "As You Like It," and will, we understand, probably give one or two other plays a trial. Mr. Gaston Murray, whose death is announced, was born in London in 1826, a.nd made his debut in London, March 2, 1855, at the Lyceum, as Tom Saville in * Used Up." He plyed in various London and country theatres. He wee a brother of Leigh Murray esnd Edward Murray, and the husband of Mrs. Gaston Murray, a well-known actress. His real name was, we believe, Gaiston Parker Wilson. The Olympic Tbeatre is, it is said, to be mebuiltand greatly enlarged. Mr. Wilson Brarrett is spoken of as a probable lessee. . The Middleman," a new play of modern English life, by Mr. H A. Jones, was pro dnocd at the Shaftesbury Theatre on August 27. It proved to be of strong dramatic intorest, was exceptionally well act.d, and achieved a decided succesa Mr. John Sanger, the circus proprietor, died at Ipswich on August 22. He hIad arrived there about a week previously, .when his circus performances were given for two days, but he was too unwali to leave the town with his company. Mr.' Sanger contracted a violent cold while .travelling to Ipswich, and, notwithstand ing the attendance of several medical men, he died from pneumonia. Ho was the eldest of the three brothers in the pro ficsion, and was 70 years of age. SThe nowr Drury Lane drama, by MIr. Henry Hamilton and Mir. Augustus HIarrie, was to be produced on Fept. 21. It tells a story of ILoundheads and Cavaliers, and will be acted by Miss Winifred Emery, liss Ada Neilson, and Miss Laura Villiers, and Messrs. Henry Neville, Arthur Dacree, Lnigi Lablache. and Harry Nicholls. The hon. Lewis Wingneld will design the dresses. . Everybody interested in the drama and dramatic literature will be glad to learn that Mr. Frank Marshall, who has been in very bad health for some time, is well on the road to recovery. Mr. Marshall is one of the few dramatists and dramatic critics of the present day who can also claim to be a scholar. He knows some thing more than the theatrical gossip of the last few years. He is editor of the "Henry Irvine Shakspeare," and in this work he has shown throughout admirable critical insight and excellent literary aste. • A correspondent to an Australian weekly refers to the conversatism of English and Colonial critics with regard to renditions of artists in the musical world, stating, in effect, that critiques written for the daily iewspapers are nopt honest in that they usin duly laud the efforts of Epglish and colonial musicians While de'oclating those of talented foreignlers. He refers to cer tain reports in Sydney newspapers, ad verely critical, and deplores, with the nrdour of a true lover of music, theecant courtesy bestowed upon the maotsrpieces of the great composers of Europe, and of the muslcians who have sought to popular iso them by soulful illustrations of their beauties. ie accuses thd colonial daily Press of imitation of the tactics of the English journals soine fifteen ears ago, when (ho states) foreign artists of the greatest gqnius were not allowed to obtain a footing in England, when " Rubenstein Liszt, and Chopin, were driven out of the country, while Arabella Goddard reigned supreme as the pianists of England." The C ntinental papers describe a souvenir of Mozart; that is to say, the alto on which the composer played so frequently at the house of the burgomaster Einart at Leipaie in 1789. l'amagno, the famous Italian tenor, visits America under an engagement to Mr. Abbey, of New York, the terms being, £20,000 for 49 performances, to sing on alternate nights with Patti. Mr. Charles Snydod, who in Fenny Lind's day.O thider the name of Asthon, Was a great operative favourite, has recently been admitted to the hospital at San Fran cisco. In his more youthful days, among the presents he received was a lyre studded with 27 diamonds, the gift of the Marquis Lafayette. The local authorities of Crema, the birth place of the late Signor Ilottesini, have started a subscription list for the purpose of erecting a monument in memory of the deceased virtl-.so. M. Ambroise Thomas's opera ' hlamlet" was performed on Augti 10 for the fiftieth time at the Hofopor of s idean, and on the followlnog day the 250th performance of Wagner'l " Loboengrin" took place. Two project to erect a statue of Mondels osohn in Leipzig, which has been in abey ance for many years, is now in a fair way of accomplishment. The Municipality has healed the subscriptions with 5003 marks (£250). Two. violins belonging to the deceased performer and teacher A1l-d have recently been sold, a Stradivarius for £2000 and a Stainer for £263. A third violin by Guarnerius was left by will to the Paris Conservatoire. Everbody will be sorry to hear the news which comes from Scandinavia about Madame Christine Nilsson's health. The famous prima donna, it appears, has become very delicate indeed. A short attack of illness has left behind a dangerous loss of mental power, and she is also suffering from that most terrible of eafflictions to musicians, the almost entire loss of hear ing. It is stated that the vet ran maestro Verdi, is engaged on a new opera, " Romeo and Juliet," and that the first act has bden recently completed. Five years ago Madame Carlotta Patti met with a second accident, falling down lairs and breaking the hitherto u nlamed leg. Since then she has been unable to appear in public, and has supported herself by teaching singing in Paris. When in her prime she had a very fine voice, of remarkable compass, reaching, it is said, to the G sharp in alt. A telegram from Buenos Ayres, addressed to the Mlilan 'Trovatoro, announces the successful revival of " Romeo and Juliet," with Patti and Po Lucia. It is said the receipts were £4000. The latest American musical phenomenon is a "pedestrial pianist," who plays with her toes instead of her fingers. A critic who interviewed her says i " Her touch is not mellow, but still it is not hard. She plays 'The corn is waving, Annie dear,' with exquisite tenderness and true chiropodistical expression. Her octave playing is good, and her full-toned heel passages were admirable." 