STAGE-FRIGHT. - No, pardon me ; not st.ni/ei/ fright. I am not going to 'talk about fright Avhioh Fred Voices expresses, nor the fright of knees in kissing proximity, chalk-faced, spiked-hair, shiArering-jaAvs, clatcering-lieels' fright. I don't allude in any Avay to that species of fright Avhich the comic man of the last decade expressed by Ararious gulps, ineffectual attempts to SAvalloAV, a stammer, and' fixed and goggle eyes. My fright has very little con nection either with that Avomlerful realistic terror por trayed- by Robson at the discoA-ery of the robbery in Dacldv Hardacre, Mr. Irviim's poAverful picture at sight of the Ghost, or eA'en — matchless maiwel of art— Jefferson's sacred look at the "spectre creAV," of Avliicli latter an astute provincial critic once observed : " It was not Avortli seeing twice ; for anybody could see such fright as that at any great street-crossing aiiy day in the Aveek. What Aye Avanted to see Avas act in;/." No ! all this fright, although for the most part not stagey, is essentially of the stage : but, especially in the last- three cases, it is, according to our astute critic's remark, frequently seen oft' it. These stage- frights are all knoAVii to the ordinary playgoer ; that Avliich I am thinking about is known but to the player himself.. None bub a player has felt it. None but, a player can describe it, and the strongest pen of the player Avill Aveaken in the attempt. I believe I am not far off the mark in saying that there never Avas or Avill be an actor of note, great or small, hut has felt or Avill feel, at some time or another, its force, if lie has not collapsed under its influence. Without going back to the days of Garrick or Macready, and a host of tragedians avuo aiAvays Kept m neu nearly cue Avnoie or the day to calm their nerves before acting a new part, I can just call to mind one or two cases "confined' even1 but to one theatre, " The Old Adelphi." On the first night of a new piece there the Keeleys were always very. ill from fright. Leigh Murray suffered as much-' from it as a Cockney does in the " Chops of the Chan nel." Celeste used to dash on in sheer desperation from it, saying to herself : " Well, dey cannot keel me for it." Alfred Wigan, one of the letter-perfect actors, Avas a martyr to fright, so much so that he occasionally totally forgot the Avords ; as for his accomplished Avife, he was obliged to divert her attention during the day lest the dread of a first night should OA'erpower her ; and at night she, on one occasion, had to throAV herself on the ground to subdue the beating of her heart from fright. " Feel my baud," said Charles Kean to me,. Avhen lie Avas playing Cardinal Woolsey for the I don't know Iioav many hundredth 'time in the provinces. Tt trembled as if lie had the ague. Mrs. Stirling would never venture on the stage Avithout. the manuscript, of her part in her pocket, as a charm to keep the words' in her head. Mr. Irving's nervousness is simply in describable : even Mr. Toole will not be seen by his most intimate friend 011 a first-night ; while Mrs. Ken dall complains that; her, " stage-fright" increases every year ; 'and Avith' John 'Parry everyone knows that it amounted to a disease. The malady is too universal for staee managers not to lirovide themselves a.auinstv it in novices. The Avorst thing possible for any actor to do is to try to gain courage by hanging about the Avings till his "call" comes. "Keep in the greenroom, sir," says the prompter to a novice. When the " call" comes the novice is soniehoAv hustled 011 to the stage, and, like a dogthroAvn for the first time into theAvater, he sometimes struggles out of his difficulty. Not always ! I remember one unfortunate young gentle man Avho was to make his first appearance in " Richard III.," as one of the small noblemen Avho Avait 011 Rich mond. We had a Arery scanty company, and our army 011 the occasion Avas represented by one unhappy super. , Avho stood Avith a banner, and the characteristic " super- shivering legs." The young gentleman had but to say: " Your Avords arc fire, my lord, and Avarm our men," etc. He Avas not quite perfect at rehearsal. Night' came. The scene dteAv. "Go 011!" shouted the prompter. O11 the young gentleman Avas pushed : his cue Avas given. All the stage-fright Avould permit him to think of av;is one Avord in the speech. That one Avord Avas Fire. He looked at the shivering standard- bearer ami desperately blurted out: "If Ave'd a /ire, my lord, Ave'd Avarm our men. " On one occasion, Avhile playing in "Macbeth,":! saw stage-fright seize our Rosse so remorselessly that, all unconscious of the consequences, he took by mis take the chair set apart for the Ghost of Banquo! The' apparition, likeAvise unconscious of the fact, entered, and, Avithout looking behind him, sat doAvn, not in the chair, but 011 Rosse, Avho immediately arose, apologized in dumb- sliOAv to the Ghost, offered him the chair, and the play proceeded.' I once played Faulklaml to- a young lady, a very nervous novice. Imagine my astonishment at hearing her say to me, instead of " Nay, then ! I see you have taken something ill," " Nay, then, you must haAre taken something that has disagreed Avith you." This substitution of Avords for the author's is, perhaps, hoAvever, better than the, effect stage-fright takes in most instances— that is, of depriving its victim of the poAver of uttering any Avords at all. " 'Tis in my memory locked," said one of the legion of victimized ones — alluding to the words to Mr. Odell. "Yes," Avas the reply, "so I see, and you've forgotten the key." Actors are, hoAveAer, in debted to friffht. aild Avithout a om-knin iilffiinLnil vousness 110 actor has ever been able to throAv vigor into a part. Occasionally, stage-fright Has eA'en, by, a fluke, been the foundation-stone of an actor's success. It Avas of mine. You don't knoAv me, by-the-bye— never heard of me ; never mind ! It Avas at Leicester,' many years ago ; I was not more than twenty, and had to make my first appearance in " Sardanapalus," as Pallia, the officer whose speech, it Avill be remembered, in the memorable banquet-scene rouses the voluptuous'' monarch to action. No part could possibly be more trying to an actor's nerves. He enters at a time Avhen the stage is in the fullest glare. Everybody connected Avith the piece and some hundred "extras," all in the! most bewildering costumes, are grouped together. It was the first night ; the late Thomas Stuart was the " star." The music seemed to 111c, even before I Avent on, perfectly deafening/ All that my fancy had pic tured at rehearsal faded into thin air before: that spectacle at night. I had rehearsed the part for days before, driving the landlady, Avliose .bedroom adjoined mine, to the. A'erge of lunacy by going oyer an j; , OAer the Avords of my part —specially the speech-' iji the banquet-scene— at all hours of the night.' At flength the scene dreAV.- The tumult, that - preceded i 'entrance Avas heard- in the. distance. The pronipteravas-.there directing the feet.of ; sonie;dozen carpenters up:to the climax of stamps. ; . Th e . orchestra — bcl 1 in d the scene- — had sounded the march. I heard the words of Atat<da. — Mark.! what ivns tlmt? - d' - Zamks — That? nothing but the jar ' . : . A , Of distant portals shaken li.y the wind. , | !nci easel tu/ise m nrn.n stamps hvtl r/istatit shoiits,\ Atai.ua. — It sounded like the clash of. lmrk, aain ! Zavks.— -The big rain pattering oil .the. roof. ' v d. \ - | m renscd raiir at buinl feet and rni( fli.'J f", \ "On Avith- you"!"- shouted the pyompteKV,:-yOn 1 lashed, '"my. dress smeared Avith .(rQsJiHnk)djlQ94>''my face tinged Avith brown ochre, my sword draAvn. On I dashed doAvn the gentle declivity, and slid doAvn 011 one knee, with my back to the footlights, and facing 'the scene. To confront ail audience is, for a beginner, 110 joke ; but to confront nothing but actors ! Every eye Avas fixed 011 me— supers, actors, ballet and star. I could hear the buzz of the vast audience, though I could not see the faces. On my speech the great scene hung. The tragedy couldn't get 011 Avithout it. All the responsibility seemed iioav for the first time sud denly to croAvd in as if to -crush my very brain. There. Avas a glare everywhere — from the vast Egyptian lamps, from the eyes of every human soul, which .seemed filled Avitli fire, hoothghts, dresses, candela- bi-as, eyes, the border-gas, 1 the jets at the Avings, everybody and everything, tables; stools, goblets, mixed themselves up into one heterogeneous, glaring mass, out of Avliicli came .the braying of trumpets, the -shouts of the carpenters, but, .aboA-e all, the beating of my oavh heart. My head Avhirled, my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, my brain seemed on fire, and appeared to burn up every Avord I tried, to utter. At length I heard. myself stammering out my first speech : Look to the portals, And with .vour best speed to the walls without. Vour anus! to arms ! The .King's in danger. Monarch! Kxcuse this haste — : — 'tis faith. ' i "Speak 011," thundered poor. '.Thomas Stuart, Avith tli at peculiar guttural sound so characteristic of him, Avhich aiAvays seemed to indicate that heAvas choking — "speak on." But lie might have commanded for ever, but in vain. The heterogeneous mass seemed seething 011. my brain. I felt deadly sick. The stage lieaAred, and j was conscious of everybody shouting, Avhispering something at me, then of nothing. I believe to this day that I fainted. The Avords sloAvly delivered in the dear old stage- manager's voice : " It is as Salameiies feared," Avere the first ,1 that Avere distiiiguislialile. They re- r ATived me, I finished the scene and staggered off to my dressing-room, devoutly to thank Hea\ren and the " 8., M,," who had saved the piece and— my engage- mont. It Avas a fortunate accident for nie. The situation and the circumstances surrounding it — Pania being supposed to be Avounded— everybody tliought the faint avus stage- business, splendidly acted. I rose rapidly from that time. Everybody, Stuart, of course, included, said: "I Avas the best 'Pania 011 the stage," and in a few ' years my name— what ! not know it 5 ' not have heard it-? Is it possible ? But never mind. Mark 'me — a day wi ll come ! 