News in Brief; Mr R. Rice will preach in the Wesleyan Church to-morrow morning, and Mr T. Kent in the evening. All heartily welcome. Messrs. John Morgan and Co. will offer for sale this dayat 2 o'clock on the ground, Ross and Effingham streets, and-North road New port, swveral allotments of land. One could scarcely imagine that the tramway lines would carry nea4r as man e pac.Jeo-en?. accommodated over forty millions of people, and the railways with race days added, only reached about fifty-six millions. Mr. Potter, of the Victoria Hotel, sympath ises in a practical manner with the distressed -laborers of England by not only giving his own donation but having a contribution box in his establishment beartng an announcement that offerings are earnestly requested for the above purpose. The Bachelors' plain and fancy dress ball will take place on the 27th inst., and will no doubt be one of the most brilliant spectacles yet seen in the Royal Hall. A few balcony -ickets are to be had from the secretary, and application should be made as soon as possible o secure admission. Io another place appears the annual report of the Footscray Branch.of the Melbourne Savi'n Bank, which shows wonderful results s nce its opening. Recently we gave parlicu lars from the yearly report of the parent bank, and referred to the figures of the local branch as well. They will amply repay perusal. The railway employees at the Footsctay Station intend to present the late station master,Mr Johnson,now removed to Richmond, with a handsome testimonial of their esteem, in the shape of a grand frame containing photo. graphs of the recipient and donors. It will be a most acceptable gift to iMr. Johnson who has a taste for photographic souvenirs. Mr. Shepherd's grand testimonial concert will take place on Tuesday next. He well deserves recognition for his oft repeated services in getting up benefits, and for other good objects, therefore it is to be hoped his many friends will dispose of the tickets for him as well as-he has done on other occasionis. A choice, and varied programme will afford any amount of amusement. - In connection with the extension 'and alhtr ation of the railway offices and sheds at Spencer street, tenders have been called for the removal of the large goods sheds, and erection of a new one. The shed is to be constructed of brick, and was and will be 1263 feet long and ry7 feet wide. The tender of Messrs. P. Tozer and Co, at £72,943 17s. 5~%d. was the lowest. There were fourteen tenders in for the work. The demolition of the gate-house and the subsequent erection of the signal-box .and new gates at the Yarraville railwaystationwere com menced yesterday, a gang of worlkmen-being busily employed in the work of dismantling. When completed the change will be greatly appreciated by residents and those whose bust ness takes them Varravillewards, as the crossing in Anderson street has long been not "a thing of beauty and a joy for ever," but quite the re. The accommodation at the Footscray Post and Telegraph Office is just about sufficient for -a township of r5o inhabitants somewhere up in the. back blocks. We have received a com plaint from a correspondent, who speaks very strongly on the subject, and certainly we think that for a town to tmportant as Footscray has become, a little more considerationshould be shown by the Department. * The Railway Department must be run out of tickets, especially at the Nliddle Footscray Station, where the town returns for two passen gers were geiven on one small slip of paper. Of course both could not have it. One Sot the slip, and gave the other the slip in town, the one who hadn't got it to show had to pay up again. Why is this thus? It the office is so short of tickets we know where a million can -be had and share the commission. On Sunday evening Rev. Mr. Hart took for his subject the interesting account of the eunuch csnverted while seated in his chariot, Mr. Hart always says something good and new in his sermons, while he presents well-known scriptural narratives in an attractive form. Iis earnestness is also remarkable and gives a dignity to his words. He offered some judi. cious advice about reading, which was badly needed, for the rule is no.v-a-lays more sport and less study. We have received from Messrs. Stillwell and Co., Bradshaws's Guide to Victoria, Wiith Rail way Maps, for September. It cantains the New Railway Time Tables corrected to date," the proposed alteration in the tariff, a list of the newspapers published in Victoria, the names ol the newly-elected Mayors and Coun cillors for the Suburban Municipalitie,s Post Office information; a Coach and Road Guide' for the Colony, and a Calende from July 18i9 to June ag9o, in addition ton variety of Ather nformation. ' " - . "M*essrs. McCarthy and ThrelfaH begs to ? notify that they have no connection with J. 1I. Hooper and Co. The fifth annual social of the U.A. Order of Druids, Ivy Lodge No. 5o. will be heldj? the Royal Hall on Friday next, and promise'tbe a grand affair. It will be noticed with gratification that a long existing want will soon be remedied by the opening shortly of a local photographic studio by Mr. D. Benit.., .. . The members of the Footicray Football Club will meet at the WesterniReserve. this after. noon, when prizes will be given for longest drol; place, and punt kicks, first twenty only. A special lecture on the London strike will be delivered by the Rev. C:'A.Brewer in St. I Luke's Church. Yarraville, on Sunday evening September 8th, when a collection in aid of the t above will be made. Since the unqualified success of the sacred I cantata, "Esther," the Presbyterian Choir and friends consider they would be justified in giving a repetition of that musical treat, especi ally as an encorehas been requested, and they have fied next Thursday evening, for the per formance. Another serious railway collision between a passenger. and a goods traii that was.,being shunted at the Drouin' tation. 'Th- passenger train was behindits time, yet th. ?.rdls train was not clear oftheline when the oth . e ,gine dashed into it, citisitig considerable damage and more or less stiously injuring a number of passengers. Of course an inquiry will take:place shortly. Ialy Audl:y's Secret, tho title of .the play for this evening by the Metcalfe Company, is one that will be attractive to any one w~le has read that popular novel, and'few have. not. The part of .ady Audley .will be taken by Miss. Lizzie Lawrence, Alice Audley by. Miss. Violet Yates, and Phoebe Marks by Mrs::Rice, while the gentlemen of the company will: take the other leading characters. .That laughable farce; the riame-of which conimends itself, '-A F Ghost in Spite of lHimself" will follow..; Mr. Gribben is to he 'the ghost, so some f to may be expected, and Paul (the bereaved) by Mr. Metcalfe. This will probably bc .on::of the best plays. ' We -have been informed of a miraculous escape of a little child which happened last week. It appe.rs tlntt the youngstr, whose nameis Emmie' Coster, heard the faro liar cry; to children "Toys for Bottles,.! and in her excitement to disp're of a couple of bottles she had been keeping for the purpose of exchang ing for toys, she rushed out of the side gate; and down theright-of-way wi?h'a bottle in each' hand. The mother, roticifng..$hL.excited inanier of the child, aFiknowing the tight.ul- way was pitched the full width, called out to: her not to run, as she might fall. The warping: had scarcely been ,ittered when over went tlie; child, crash went the bottlesanid'the:mother'.' feelings 'can be imnagined 'whes' she went ou:t and lutnd the:little one lying. face downwards amongst the broken -glass. :Ilowever, when picked up she was found unhurt. The annual meeting of the Varraville Cricket Club was held in Fire Station, Ander son street, on Monday, Septemtwr 2nd, Mr G. M'Donald in the chair. The following gentle. men were elected office-bearers for the easuting season :-Patrons : Messrs. J. Cuming, Ber luwitz, Blackson, II. Stone, Downes, Steele, Jones ant J. Truman.' President "'Mr W. Mh Clark, M.L.A. Vice.Presidents : Messrs. W. SKelly,. Mos,- Fraser, T. Comben, Pascoe, lartlelt, Howard, MIBrian and Cr. Street: Treasurer, Mr G.-M'Donald; secretary, A. SClark; caretaker, Mr J Foreman; committee. t Messrs. G. Ralph, J. M'Donald, Dawes, G. M'Donald, Sutcliffe, J. Corby and J. Combed. It was decided that the'club enter for the fol lowing trophies, viz. -Lane - and Laoe's, Childs,:and Humphrey's Cups. After a vote of I thanks to the retiringofficers and chairman, the meeting adjourned. We extract the following from the Varraville Standard of last week, with which we cordially r agree:-" FAIR PLAY.-We find it necessary to draw attention to the partiality that seems to obtain in the matter of issuing advertisi ments relating to public affairs. Of course, we are fully aware that the advertisements for the Footseray Council are published by, contract, but there are other announcements- made from t time to time which do not come under'the con tract terms; and, as a paper in Yarraville, the .Starndant is equally entitled to the publication a of these advertisements with the papers [ Footseray. At the late Municipal Election, for instance, it e Rett r'n: Officer's advertisem n's w:re confined to our Footscray contemporaries ' alone, and now, the present Mayor .adapts the "as in the caseof the meeting for Monday even ing fiext. Fully endorsing the sentiment thst S'lair play is bonnie play' and that our claim and privileges as a local journal are equal in all respects to those of our contemporaries, we Iro I test asainst such an invidious exhibition of a partiality being made and furthermore we shall s continue to protest against it, as long as suchan t unfair course is persisted in, until an alteration takes place. The Press of Yarraville has an equal right to be recognised wibh the Presi o I Fodotscray." - 