tmTEL No Robbery. I. Mrs. Christie's was anything but an un pleasant house, and the people who were staying in it were anything bat unpleasant. Mr prooonoei vod notion had been that the folks one would meet in a boarding-house were of a doubtful sort ; at the best it seemed Inevitable &t;_ there would to social cats about. So it was a welcome surprise to And the house so different from my anticipa tions. Mrs. Christie herself I knew but slightly. She was tho widowof a mining engineer who had done good service to our family in my father's days. She had set up a boarding establishment in Russell street, and when it happened that I had to go up to town to consult cny old college -friend Marton, now « bamstor, about some business, instead- of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at my? mother's rcquoat, to Mrs. Christie's, not without some misgivings- about the wis dom of the step I was taking ; but I thought that anyhow it -would be a new experts® o© ; and that was just what it did prove to be eventually. I Tho company was made up of on TnAton . atthr-ddobTr. and- his daughter, die being damsel fair to Took -upon ; two spinsters from Shropshire a- west-country psreoa and his wife; Mrs. Christie's nephew, a olerk ins bank i myself, and a oouple about whom no one knew anything — save Mrs. Christie, aadi< m she not moon— but whom every one allowed ' to be the most o harming and delightful people they had met for many aday. Mr. and Mrs. Waloot had travellod much, and were evi dently well road, but they neither weariod one's ears with the glories of Capri arOvanada, nor pestered yon with talk about books they had read and you hain't ; they "«» no dis play, and though brilliant conversationalists, they wore just tho pleasant kind of people in whose oompany you could sit without wont ing to talk at all. Ho was a tall sparely built man, well set up, with regular features, a of fine bearing, yet not quite like a eoldier ; she was hardly so distinguished looking as hus band, hanlly so handsome ; her features just missed regularity, but eyes and m,vpth had a fascinating piquancy of expression which made her the most attractive woman I ever met ; I thought so then, and X think so still, though I have considerably extended my.«x- perimne sinoe those days when -my mother guarded her flodgiing against tba attacks, rapacious or inaidnons, of every bread of harpy. But the most pi nnsi n g trait in, this oouple was that, though so plainly devoted to one another, and satisfied with thair own company, they were not wholly up with mutual admiration : their nature teemed to have a sym path otic feeling that moulded it self to-Roit the dispositions of those around, without saoriflcing its own individuality. No wonder all liked thorn ; X was particularly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed in either looks or style ; I had unfortunately inherited ay motirer'amannarandmyfather s face ; had it been the other way about, I should doubtless haw piuven the social mo rass which I was painfully oo&sdous; that I was not. And it must ham hem unt of pure rood nature that they wore so friendly, for I had made it a point with Mrs. Christie — whether she kept ner promise I don't know — that she should ray nothing, to hsr guests about Eoxnshaw Hall; or the udnea, or the plate and pictures, or my motihAr'a famous diamonds, cs the glorias of a country that woman love. Xha only one wfad dldMOt take kindly to tSttwM,lUrtaw Fk- - . irehadooselttaBfcWjbwwttemaltid'oe <"? - hlmtodlns witiMBeitlbris C&tisfiVsaAX; Tsmcsnbnr un1f»ir tieirsisij iwii stisninl 4n1e at his or her bast,; «r«n Mnctob'e m safki tores relaxed, and "hsvwsd himself aiiaont more than arartooaeto ths Indian gfti, bs- tweeu whom ud'osfid dn ShrepsUre spir - tore he was sitthsg) eridesttly well rt'lHflml with, his eavinmamt, as he owned when X was ' setting him book,' as they say in the North, to hia chambers, 4 but— bub ' ' But me no buU ; what is wrong now f ' ' Why, those peopls to whom you have taken eo violently, the Waleots.' ' What about them, Mr. Censor P ' Thev givevpown unoouihiriahln ffcoMny not that they look uuouuit, bo!. I am haunted by the ghost of eome forbidding rmniniscenoe, as if X had seen that woman's eymhDre— and lam rare 1 hnwe— but when orwkmeA oar not reooUeot ; mod I nm equidly <«— they ware oounsctod with something shady what that, too, wis X cannot bethink me : a Jhaey, indefinite wonHeslkm It wasfcut one that clnag to me all the while.' ' May I suggest dyepepiia f too hard work in doom, too.Jit&eseeciit.;' ' Maybe ym are r%kb but do you, too, urn a piaefcwf reetion in «— rrng your new frtendship. Good -night' VL A few eveahsge betoe X went boms, as Waloot end X were in the emoking'-room, I naked him-U ke woold hot bring'ltre. Wel> < to BMbsfar a few dare. It wee near the end of my, the May-flyfish ingnwonidle <m 4ui»g4he ameAtoadra,. so that these woaldbe snmsthhtgtode bs- de seriag the ooanhre, wbkk wee nmK there -yew fa ehet 'plae— for' tkoes who oared for tkem, and be wreson vreitetreeetnefireiUreeeeK.thi.1dte.' X yntfcwireJtftea sterenttw to lndiioe him to oome down; I oould f et thftt Mtb. Waloot oauld hit It off with my not-too-«aaily pleased mother, especially be cause being married' ehe oould not pondblr be a siren, and the man bad plenty to talk about, yet never tired one with talking of him- .self. I was rather eurpriped thee when ho h«-aitsted about accepting an i&vitalon; scon- roservodly given, why should he stammer, and, I thought, porftirely blush and hesitate about so simple a- matter, especially is at first be seemed soger to oome, for his fare had lighted up cheerily, but was obscured directly afterward by a gloomy look, almost one of sadness. There was oertalnlya tone of distresa in his voire as he said, icu are vary kind; I and ore wHe-I know I oan rpeak-- for her should' greatly like to oome northward, but itia soaroely posdble.' XUs name with ' more wan&tii; or desha toaooept tbfl invitattea»th«n -depth of oonvictito about its fcupoesibiHW. After some ftirther pressure, evidently ylehu&gi; at lakt he Bald i « You are ToaUy eo friendly, that it wuuld be no leas ungrateful than ungnoiousto keep ' book'from you the real reanon why we shrink from what premises to be 00 pkaaeata visit; end what we have seen'of too in the past- week frees me from any -doubt that you will cot let what'I tell you go further than your self. Hy wife, to whom; -as you know. lam devotedly attached; has a sad affliction. Until hsr f linen two yeara ' age, thcore was vrb&Vwtmld; now m&ke; her- hufflsfl'Ttenlshe 'hot JdlW by -ottr rtrdng mutual kffeetio& and eoufidenee! After 'that illnaae ahe developed kleptomania. Till then the most ecrupnloualy honeet and preoisoly exact wo man I have ever known, she nowtete'a strange passion for accreting, npt anything Rnd everything, but only jewellery — strangely her ailment only runs in this groove. By keeping strict watch; I hbve hithftlo been fortunate ebough to reetoro whatever trinkets she has surrep- titiouslyremoved. A few intimates only know of our trouble, and, as they understand how things are, we fee! lees unhappy , still one is anxious, and this is why we have rather shrunk from accepting the many invitations we rooeive from tbe friends who, ws believe, hare a genuine regard fur uh.' 'I think you might reokon roe among thsm,' aaid I) 4 and now that I know andum, bo to speak, forewarned, why should you hesitate ? I oould toll my mother what you have told mo before you come, unless' — eoo- iog eomrthiog of a doubt in bUfaoe — 'you would rather I didn't.' ' To toll the truth,' he eaid, after a pause, ' if tho kuowiodgo oould be confined to your self I think it would bo bettor. Possibly there may bo no tronble While we are with you — I am assuming that yoa would still be willing to have us — and then there would be no need to hare thus bared our wounds.' 4 Very well ; if anything does happen we shall find it out, and yon oan send book what ever is taken, and to en iosu oxplamu all to my mother ; and if nothing is taken, nobody will be any tho wiser. Yon see, too, thst Mm. Walcot need not know anything about my mothfw'e jewels.1 ' Pray, are they very valuable or attrac tive?' 1 Both ; and my mother is rather carrloM, as 1 think, about these treasures, which ore chiefly diamonds ; she will keep them in a cabinot in her boudoir — the last place, she eays, where a burglar would searoh, if one could get in ; the windows look out on the cliff over the river and our servants are i trustworthy. She says she will not havo them long, and we must indulge an old woman's whim, Still we need riot parade thorn or even ppeak of them at all before Mrs. Waloot.' 'Yos,' said ho, looking relieved, 'that will be beet ; we will not - let her know of their exiartaooei And now that you understand all,-Iahalibe happy io bring ay wife; only, by the way, don't breathe a word-to madams to intimate to her that you know what I have just told yon ; for, if -shs oven suspected you knew, nothing on earth would induce her to odzne northward.' ' 80 be iU My mother will writs — let me see, this is Tuesday— you'll get berlnritotion on Thursday, bo that you oan aoocpt and oome down, if it sui's your oonvsnienoo, on Saturday ; then our ; rran jexne&ta; will fit in.' in. A fow leaves from my diary : 'Friday, May 30th. — M. wrote to the Wel- cots ; marvellously civil. Waloot b oh cory at dinner, evident! v pleased with the prospect of visit: especially M. had not forgettca to invite ' Venna.' ' Saturday, 3 let. — Down by 10 a.m. express' Wander of wonders, M. at ktation with pie bald ponies / but tihe takes marvellously to Mrs. Waloot. Two days' rain. There'll be- good wato- to-morrow, of ocruree, when we mayn't fish. 4 Sunday, June 1. — Lively as usual, hat take the Waloots up the glen in tho evening to my favourite spot. Mr. Waloot is enrap tured with the place. Mondy, 2nd. — Off in the drizalB to flak. Really a good day, thirty-four braoe of trout. Waloot not half a bad hand. Have to leave the womon-kind at home; hope they won't get into mischief. ' Tuesday, 3d — A really good day, fifty- throo braoe and three sea-fish. M. drives Mrs. Waloot over the hill to see the minoa. 4 Wednesday, 4th — Been cms. M. drives the Waloots to Ulieswatar. At dinner telegram for Waloot. Says they, or at least be, must go early to- morrow. M. wants him to leave madaino till Saturday. She consents keeping Venus. Tho dog's useloas as a guard ; heard the beusT (Stuffing in the oorridor daring the night. 'Thursday, 6th— Venus rambling. agein ; heard hw whan stable clock trtruok'6. Waloot guea. Stroll in woods aUmazning.; tea oh Mrs. Waloot to fly flab in afternoon; ' Friday, 0th— Much asywtird&y;, but with Mrs. Waloot in morning, Drive after lunch. Saturday, 7th— See Mrs. Waloot off atll. Dreadfully dull day. Hcr.-e Marion anyhow won't disappoint me ; he a sure to ooms as I asked him, now the -Waloots have gone. 4 Sunday, 8th — As per usual; yet I sur five: Monday, SSl— H&raVk; strange matter : Waloot writes thaf axtfer all she did take sny . mother's diamond ; inokily he found it out immediately on her arrival, and has sent heavily insured by train from Iieainlngton to Penrith to wait there, not wanting to attract attention at Banishaw by a registered packet of that sire ooming by post. Drive to Pen rith, flod parcel, mighty thankful to get dla- tnonda, uulerirreplaoed in tho cabinet. By greatest iunk M. had never discovered thofr abseii 00. ' By tho way, how did Mrs. Waloot know about tho diamonds? Walbot would not toll her, of oouree. Suppose she and the mater gut talkie g, and they roust have been exhibited one of those days we were fishing. Can't aak M. ; must wait, I suppose. Peril spa the poor thing felt the beginning of the moving, and oonoraled ho- knowledge Lorn faor hus band ; or, j oat possibly, didn't see than till be had gone. However, all's well that end welll IV. Had all ended well ? The niht after Xar- tdn eamo ho made many inquiries, over our pipes, shout the Waloots, and still seemed to have no linsnstmateble prejudice against them. It wis no good'to show bow touch my toother, also, thought of him, and how taking, yet simplo, his wife -was, till at last I grewooite warm in defeoos of my new frianos, ana for proof positive told Marion in whata straight- forward way Waloot had informed ma of his wife's failing, and how quickly he had taken .num teroasdy what bad happened, Hartoo liMnisd Tare qutstiy to my aagummits with hie sphinx -Uk» faoe, which, cmly as I ceo - .rindad, Balaxsd into a gum smile almost mere aggravating than hieforasr imprest e- bttJy. What oawmth amhssyreilookltkalhter' ' Dour boy,' said Marlon, dryly, if I 'told you, you would only. be more angry than yon uro no w, «o what's the good F 4 Nay, out with it, X.kncw X'm inolltind to cbftmpion my friends; but I' should not, yoa may be sure, if I had not the fulleataon- tidenoe In thaxzL.1 ' That is plain for all men to see,1 asd you will be annoyed if X pcak out, but I'll riftk that, far your wrath wtil soon blow over. My thoughts ooms to this ; I am not sore ithere is not something, wrong about those diamonds.' I Wrong 1 how oould there possibly ' be P' I I haven't analyzed tho thing dear by yet. Hare ypu examined the Stones carefully fiinoo you got them back f 'To tell the truth, I never thought oiit 4 only joafc opened the oase and laid them in 1 the cabinet as quickly and quietly a poeai- able. But what \ oould have happened it them f Mrs. Waloot only left hoe on Satur day, and the diamonds were baok on Mon day. What oould have gono wrong in that "tiaef ' 4 Nothing in that time, oertainly, but — ' 'But what F 1 Don't be hasty. I was thinkii.gr- By the way, hare those stones been seen by an expert jeweller lately V 'Yes, not two months ago. Somo fasten - tog had oome loose when we were in London, ittd'iny mother took them to Boskall's ; I was vrith her and remesnber what the said of >them.'. ' ; 4 I'll Aflone thlng of you; then. Let us Have thoeodiamonda examined. If there is anytiiing wrimg, it is full time you should know, uthey are all right yuu will hare a legitimate crow over me, and you may -crow ss loud as ever you like.' I still felt provoked with Martou, but here was a chance, indeed a certainty, of proving his Buspickns unfounded, and showing that even the astute Marton was not infallible, ao I oons Qnted more roadily than I should other wise have done, ' All right, but how are we to get them away to be looked at without my mother's knowing ?' 4 Bring a man over from Penrith or Car lisle when Mrv. Easton is ont, and ostensibly for somo other purpose.' And this was wnat woa done. The man for whora I sent had more knowledge, as I knew, thau moat local jewellers, and was eafo. He camo the npxt afternoon, and, whilo my mother was paying a call, examined Ahe paruro with Marton and myself. To iny un- utterablo oonfusion and horror, he pronounood the stones no stones at all, but-paate, and not very good paste, oithor. V. Marton didnotlaugh now ; lie was too much concerned about my obvious distress and annoyance. To find one's idols so utterly shattered was a stunning blow ; but I had to arouse myself, for there were other to be oonmdered. What on earth was to be done? The original stones were worth many thou sands of pounds ; I did not like that loss, but the prospect of my mother's trouble, when the truth became known, vexed mo infinitely ' Anyhow,' said Marton at last, ' l«t us keep it quiet for the present. I have nodoubt Mr. Rawsthorne will say nothing about it to any one.' llawrthorne, whom wo had known for years, promised silence, and I Bm sure he kept his promise, After he bad gone Marton said : ' I don't know exactly what made me sus picious, except the conviction thatl've seen th at woman before uud in connection with something that wasn't exactly straight. TTug, there was not time to got those stones changed between tho Saturday, the day Mrs. Waloot left Rarashaw, and the Monday when you got them baok. But how if it wasn't Mrs. Waloot at all who took them cn the Saturday, but he on the — which dty did he go P Wednesday P1 No; on Thursday by on early train.' 'Well, if he took thom on the Thursday, he oould got them changed by the Saturday night ; no doubt he had the false ones ready, or eomowhero wjthin easy roach— Birming ham, most likely ; ho posted thom, you said, in Leamington 'But how oould they have got tho dia monds ?' I mode ono more straggle in my unwillingness to believe. ' I don't think that thoy wrp ont of our sight at all, exoept per haps wueii drawing for dinner, and at that time my molhor would herself bo dressing. in the next room with the intervening door open; and when tliey went to bed.' ' Ah ! wore they iu bed all night? Your bed-room is noxt the boudoir; did you hear any one enter or any Bound T 'Nothing; I rioop soundly — by the way, yos but 1 did. I heard that wretohod Von us snuffing ubout, and I told Mrs. Walcot iu tho morning that Van us was not muoh to depend on for a guardian, the creature rambled about ae,' ' What did she ray P1 ' Nothing that I remember.1 4 Bo euro ho got hold of thom1 thee, and' took the dog either to give warningor to af ford an oxouse if he were found at that ride of the houeo by saying the dog had ehpped out and he had followed to find her. A pretty pieoe of work you will hare to get them back. If yem go at him straight he will declare the stones ore as lus wife brought them, and that yon are not acting as a gentleman should — that is where he will have you — in suggesting that they have changed them, bo often husbands have void their wives' diamonds and substituted paste that he can easily insinuate that you have had them changed ycmreelf to spend on larks without tho mater, your agent, your banker, or any one being the wiser, and he will-say ypu liavB taken advantaged what he told you as a trusted friend ; he oau make ont a spe cious oase, and a man of that stamp (n. rent other fiotions hardly iensxmoying. Mrs. Waloot staid alone with yon, X think yoa said, from the Thursday tiJl the Saturday < I suppose you don't mind spending a hundred or two over the business if you can only re cover them?' ' Certainly, and twioe as mnriiinrthe thing never to hare happened. I oan hardly per suade myself ovgtnow (h ttiy oonldbe gnlliy of soahknavury.' . ' Marton raid no more, but laid hold of a Bredehaw and dispatched a telegram, the reply to which gave a plausible excuse for his going off the next morning/ and sinoe I was too uncomfortable to rest quietly at home, X raid X would go with Him for throe or four day But thare was another thiogto be done ; take the trinkets with us we must, yet we oould not take thom without my mother's knowledge. Morton's readiness and decision solved tho difficulty. He kcd me to show him the jewels : he them deliberately snapped a bit of the setting, so that two of the stones wore loosened. I stared in amazement, but he simply raid ' Wait,' and put the case book in the cabinet. Aftfir dinner, as it was a ratoy«vuning, Morton made m though he wanted to be amused, and asked my mother, like a spoilt child, to be allowed to took at ho- diamonds far a treat. She was rather sur prised at such frivolity on the part of the sedate and stem Marton, but of oouree had them brought. As so cm as the com vm opened, and she bsoame aware of the aodi- 1 drat, my mother woe loud to ber lamentations and bad no thought about anything except bow tile misfortane had happened, aadwhat was to be done ; but she was somewhat pod- fled when Marton suggested thst we should take them up to town in the morning and get the mlanhjM remedied I w X had that man's froroptittida and nerve. The next night raw ns in olose oanferenoc with a detective — I hate those crawling orra> tores, but there was no choice— and w re- viewwd tha ritaatira. Where wise the W1 - ootef Store toey would doubtless brasan it out if directly cballtmgsd, thfy would pro bably not bs spmUUy anxtou to noneral thrir whereabouts Tht7 had vpctote of re- teming to Mr Qiristii'a Cor a oouple of Hays rand thra «M%Mntfistii before going ovor to Paris, eo Mr». Christie wTtold ptoba- ,hly be able to inform ns where they were. Had they the etones vrlibthem? We guessed so, and that these Btirffeswero to be disposed of across the channel. So txo titoa Tffts to to jlost; if they went beyond sraa, gbodby to (Our channsof rooovericg them. HflWhri'sfirth Vore they ever to be gut hold'of? ; VT; (Lottur from Mr. John Dene.) Ktcww: June IB, 1888. r Brs: On leaving, you attar reotittng yonr 'tostrnflttoni, I started f6r' this pUbe» tiiB ooarost station to Lyths Otiurt. Thore is likely to be oonriiertbleltlBfraltTto getting a fbotfielAat the Oourt; but I decided to make kny approohes as a groom ohangtoghto tiUoe und taxing a few darJ a holiday tothdnogh- topgAbod, having uVsft' u nbora at New- mariot, and knowing so&tiderfltole; about %brees. Not to take up too mfuohHiBo toth« tolling, I mayrav X was sdon ut home'there, jand' znkdp tr&s; of thensrvn&te;' hall, where tri means of a' civil toaguAvrtth the upper Verve ote, oafl a chirpy mszmtf with the tnaids. being also able toting a lively Song, if called 1 upon, I breams' mtodlyWith'the -lot, so oottid consider irhb was likely to be useful, asd ltern the waTB' sf the Tititets. jr.' found Mrs. Waleot didnH bore so maid Trith 'her ; the housekeeper's tdraa, who ires .visiting her aunt, lsdy.s-malded her ; but' '-she - was 'zio good,' nervous; and no 'Spirit Cuther. There Wto Trjvldlmg lot UT tor- t», what wtCK'- ttib viAtors, tout at last I -'fixed' orr cms, sir, as vom might think. She Vas an Indian womka— a nnree, «yah, they call the, to the nieces of the mistress, Mrs. Hamilton, as had ooms ffom India in the .spring. She was unootamon dark, rather 'mall, but hsd-aflrtniahl oak about her mouth and her beadlsh black eyes miased nothing. I 'guessed ahe would not etiok at trifles, and Would know ra well as most oar common language, which wospoucds, shillings; penoe, and it seemed best to lubricate the machinery freely. When wo had oome to an understand ing hcnrT wanted something done particu larly quiet; I told horwho I was and what I was after, and how this oouple was eupposod to be ifi-' poesession of tks stones knrwn to have been changed.' I wanted ber to find oat if they had tho etones with them, und if so to got them Into her hands, changing them if fx)flaible for " the false ones, but anyhow getting the stones. And I promised a sove reign down on the nail for orory stone, big 'or little, and there wasknown to 00 167. Yoa should hare seen her eyes gfiaton when I told her how muoh it was in theirmoney, rupees, and when I showed her'tke bag of shiners. I . proposed we should pretend to be keeping oompany, and then wn'nhould have nothing to bother us but theothsrt ohsff. She caught on directly. That same night she told mo in the shrub bery ehe had discovered that Mrs. Waloot dressed early for dinrer, and always looked the keys In her pookot ; the little dog Venus slepl in their room ; they looked the room- door regularly every night, and there was a small revolver in her dressing-bag. The first supposition woe that the stones if they had them at all; werein their trunks. Tliis -1 much doubted ; still the search had to be made, and to do this either the locks must be picked <yr Mrs. Waloot'i-key bo get bold of ; the former alternative seexied harder, as tho locks would probably bs well made, but it would take lew titDetban waiting' to secure the keys, and time was on object. Accord ingly 1 put into the ayah'i hands a bunch of skeleton keys to try her inckwith the locks, and if they offered «o resistance, to overhaul the trunks that night while Obey were at din ner. This venture wmsraeessfal in one way but not in another. Ttob woman's skilled fin- :gera mastered tha locks, but-' there wore no diamonds. 4 Plenty' of3 pretty things,' she said; ' but no diamonds1- ; aha hAd the wit to < see if the trunks had ny secret receptacle. T told hsr to examine thrdrigh heels of her shore,- tbvtihkft; ivory hadr- brushes and all coils of bair, but it was no use. Then he or she carried them about. Which? She for choice, because if- found on her it oould be attributed to jdspfiomania, which wouldn't apply to him. Beside the com plication of a woman's dress afford hiding- places which the secretirraeu of her char acter delights in, Concluding, then, that she had them about her, we had these diffioultieato counteract : 1 . The presence of her hosbaad> 2\. The little dog. 3\. Tho locked door. 4\. The revolver. 6\. Finding the whereabouts of the stonee. 0\. Cetriag. them. An hour's quiet walk in the lane settled my plans. I ooncladed that the- business mast be done at night, if it were to be done .without resorting to violent measures, aad 1\. The huabanid mast be got away for one night. 2\. Venus mast be doeed with e sopotifio (and her mistress, too, if nones— ry). 3\. I knew bow to overoome this. 4\. The mechanism must be disarranged or tho cartridges damped. 5 and 6 depended on theekill and nerve of the ayah. And the steps I decided to take with re gard to each particular were these ; 1\. To get the husband off the ground, he must be summoned away tlsewhithorfco by a telegram : but from whom, so that he would believe it genuine and act oo it? I set Sa- fijoh, that was her name, to watch the let ter-bag — not that he was very likely to in trust anything important to that, whiob any ono might seo — and then itrolk-d .down to 'took up what scraps -of information I coald oy hook or crook at tha Post- office. And hare I had a fine piece of luok. As I entered tho offloe, whom should I see but Mr. Wal oot himself, just h«mlng in a telegram. What's this name? Barrett, is it f asked the official. ' Yes, it's plain enough/ was the reply iu a sharp tone of annoyance. 4 B, a, r, r, «, double t,' slowly spelt the unmoved operator, 1 and are these letters E. C. ?' Yes, oau't voa readf replied Mr. Walcot, very wrath/ally. ' E. 0.' repeated the man in the aome monotonous way- as before ; 1 affix the stamp, please.' This was the last straw. 4 you,' said my gentleman, and 'quitted. ,tha slam— taftne door ; the telegraph man had to lick tin stamp himself. That wasn't my business, thbngh I'd have licked a hundred stamps for the information I had got. Returning at done to my rooms, I wrote to a friend I uftra work with to send this message without foil next day from Rome offibe in the E. 0. district: 4 To Waloot, Lythe Court, Keznpsten. Meet me at the (freed 10 to-night. Barrett1 ; and X also asked him to dispatch thiskt 9 :30 next night: 4 Waloot, Grand Hotel, Trafalgar Square. Had to go suddenly, Paris. Barrett.' I should thus get Walcot away, and too late for him to return that night ; he would oome book next day without having hissus- piakms unduly roused, and without hnwHg up Barrett, whoever be was, aumxwing him off for Front. I gnessed he wouldtake the bolt, because be seemed riled at any one hearing Barrefctfe name in the telegraph office. I warned my uo-opemtar by wire to expect an important lettra. 2\. Half a-dcxea drops of laudanum in a tat of obisken at 8 p.m. would settle Venus < aomfortabiy for the and two or three in modem's eoooetiao' would be just era Mgh to moke her sleep retbir heavily. 5\. Itold tbeayah to'hnng me the key of the bedtuosa deer eb -7 rtf, when the- guests would haveaetdowntodhroer. J hedidealt with snob beta Every toy af thU kind has a solid atom ead tag in atoob or beee vsrtie ally In a eht mm rigbtk -of fen inohdsep, tank ing it like a sartw, inserting a > wall' ecrew-driver or brakra penknife In the eltt, it was possitde to make the key revolve, aad open tee doer ; in the aas&e; way the ball might beshot-faaok again aad the door w locked, and opporratiy a& be just oe befose. Of oounw the look ehooU be oOedra oe to work fwrily. Most fifds ttdak It eater to Iraue thetoyia thedesk bto tide tone good' the b«y<hes basa filed tihe theiraeltoU and "it never oooutted to Madame Waloot to hero 4 With a hypodennio syringe which Sa- fiyah hunted up—it belonged to ono af the tiie buMee— Ilfljectod'a few drops of water through the pspflv sheath of each cartridge .the revolver xfeid. They were aafe enough how. ' All these peiirts were duly dealt with ; in ,the first' only did' ws risk muoh, but our ohasoea were as good asthejcccmy'a, and as yot the enemy were tinsu spec ting. As five and six die not depend on mo I 'oould not wait '; but I relied on tho ayah ; there was a look about Ver slender brown fingers that reminded me of wonderful talcs of Indian jugglery. I wanted her to take aome chloroftfna in case of acrident, but she , despised this. Next morning, soon after sunrise, she met me to craf usual walk in the ahhibbery with calm faoe.'butln reply to ray inquiry: What laokf tfofostcnecf ' brr headgear and - poured into ray "hkt what looked in the bright early sunshine like a showvrr of eparklingdew' drops:- I aald tiota wbrd till I had counted ont into her hands 167 sovereigns ! and when .ahe had stowed them sway I askBd for the history of "hpr 'ad Venture. This she told ma 'at length, but! don't girfl Ithere, for she Las to take the cbfldfeo to London to-morrow, to jmeet'eametithietrslationB, andassbe will stay .at tha Arondri at the Embankment, no great vroy from tha . Tef&fclo;, I" thought you, air, knight iito to rae ber yonrr end hear the tale from hsr own hp- She had hardly; ended when' she heard a Window open above, and peering up through the screen of leavea saw the face Mrs. Waloot looking bright and fresh in the early morning light. I'm a hardmaa, but still 1 oould not help feeling eonyforhBr, deceiver though she was, when I thought howtaUrh on the wrong side of the balance ber aoeounts were likely to make up. I shall return by the mid- day express, and bring the diamonds to your ohambera in the , afternoon — I am, air, your obedient servant, Josrr Dr. xt. Sydney Marton, Esq , Temple, London. P.S. — Wo were only just in time. I heard at the Court this afternoon, where I strolled so ae not to seem to leave hurriedly, that Mr. Walcot was coming down by mid-day and they are off to Paria on Friday. J. D. VII. ' Well/ said Marten, as he folded up Dene's report, 4 1 suppose that is about tho end of the business, exoept interviewing the man and gcttio g the diamonds ; it is to DC hoped that ths eupple-fingerod Indian kas'nt tricked Dene after all and kept the genuine articles herself. By the way, I should rather like to hear what the wo/nan has to tell us. Step down, with mo to tho Arundel, and we will toy to find.1 I did not much cars to hoar anything more ton soemed to wish it, and I was so indebted to him in the matter, I smothered my disin clination and went. Safiyah woa not hard to find, and this is tho tale ehe told us : 1 As soon u I heard the gentlemen disperse from the smoking-room and the houae at last began to bo still, I crept down -stairs and quietly sat down in the window seat at the southern angle of the corridor. I had takro care to open the csoment before, and the night was perfectly calm, so that I oould catch whatever sounds came from Mrs. Wal nut's rooms, as they were reached from the oppotdte wall ; I heard hsr talk to hor dog vunus. ' Poor dear creature, what makcu it so sleepy then ?' (I could hare told her) ; I beard her open and shut with a click her tra velling bag, and-soon followed another hard metallic oound, which I guessed oame from laying the revolver on the littleraarhle table by the bed-side ; I heard the clinking of Spoons in her cup'of ooooatraa; then the "sound of the cup and rancor set down ! then ten minutes of shuffling, then a long yaw-<rf which I was glad, forlfc rnrant drowsiness— the light went out ; bnt at tWe time of rear there xa a dim lustre clear. enough to see by all night. Soon all was still . I waited there a full hour that her sleep might beeett'ed and deep. Next I looked to seo that all tho doors in tho corridor were closed, so that there might be no draught to shut any of them with an awakening bang, though as tbe night was calm, there was iittl cbanoo of that ; btlU it was well to be on the safe md;. Then with the small aarew-drirer Mr. Dene gave mo I softly turned the key, pushing back against tho spring, but not relaxing my hold after the resistance was overoome, bo that there was no sound ; then I tamed the handle, and as this like all et the Court, was wall-fitted, it made no coiac ; inch by inch I opened the door, and at last I stood inside ; I had nothing with me but the bag containing the falsa stones, a 1 delicate feather, and my own skill and courage. 4 1 stood ud considered. I could see a little and hear more : the dog was breathing heavily in her basket near the marble table. Mrs. Walcot had her face turned the other way was fast asleep, Then I slipped round the bed and observed -the sleeper. One hand lay outside ooverlet, the other was placed beneath the cheek and parted lips, bat whether she held anything oould not be seen ; nor, as she then lay, oould I pus my hand beneath the pillow. And now began my task. You have heard of Indian thieve, and how, by making a sleeper toss about reetlaraly, ther.cau steal away tho very bed -clothes on which nsialying. All this I knew ond - many another trick of hand-cunning. ' And now, one slightest touch of the tiny feather, she moved her 'head; another touoh. her hand stirred a third, hertiead turns half around, and, held looaely in her fingers, ap pears in the twilight a small leathern bog. Piow for the test of deli bate skill ; hardly a brush, hardly more than a fanning of the earfooe of tb<fis slender fingers, aad the hold relaxes ; I toato the tog, the treasure is minw — no, not yet — tho hand slowly begins to olose again. Shall I snatch the prize ? No ; each roughness isctnly.for afemey hands: let be awhile; yet one more subtle- stirring of that satin siikt the faintest ruffle; her hand once more tinoioses and . remains viDrioeod. Softly I grasp the tog, untying the thick -©ord - of Bilk; and toryit in ray pooket; were the dia monds tck» no sound as they fail ; then, with drawing my hand, I unfasten the other tog and insert it in the neok of 'hen, smothering the two in my shawl as I reverse their position to drown the noise of tbe moving stones. And now it is done, the silken land is tied again — still she steeps peaoof ally — and lastly I replaoa the bag near her hood as it was before. Was it a part of my natural aruelty, or the pride of triumphant skill, that made roe oaoe more toooh her hand, which as it opennd and redoeed again, grasped the bog, to oomplete the unhappy woman's deoeptioa? All over now, rave an easy retreat ; one look round to aso that no trance ore left ; softly I open the door, softly pore through, softly oLoee it again. I an down the stairs and pass out into the coot nteht -air, whrae I woltoi in the Bhrubbevy.i till Mr. Dene ooms, and I gave him the rati diamonds. Ah, Sahibs,' she added, 4 yoa are ovr maatwa, but yoa hare a great deal to learn from us.' VIII. But lhadon experience yet to oome. The next morning Morton astd I decided to finish tha buaineN by tf Vi"g the Ftonra, with the rahHlflT. fn hs mptamri ' ato when that woa doneT vowed X would make my mother toep them in . oafs ; imlrart. I had written the the night beiore»oGatkeli, the agent, to ordtr one suitable for (he wall in my mothm'e boudoir. We woe just turnisg into the jeweller's when — gjod heavens !— whoa should warrant face co faae but — the Walootel X wtsn rwred oat something, and ielt hot all - over, and uttely miserabLa, hardly knowing "whether I vm fftaml"g ou my httis or my head : rati toey did not seem muoh mora t ihtr i— a, at Iras t Marton raideo afterward, fit was <oln Bftditepertnrtobla, aad never, he HoM,ctejoradosd»eraraaahbihii Ufa, though hto ostem played thrir pacta ta wswiw that was bene nth contempt. At last, after same of the tritest end most trivial renatka, we got disentangled and managed to say 4 good - day/ It was natural to me to be awkward at a crisis, but thoy were people of the world ; presently, howeyer, we found what it was that had diaoonoertod thom. We were just unfolding our business to the jeweller, rams man who had ao greatly admired these stones a few months before ; he reraaiked how muoh more fortunate we were in our IDrsQsaian than the lady and gentiem an who Lad just gone. 4 How bo P' asked Marton. ) ' They wished bo dispose of some valuable .diathooaa, they said, and we were' not tra- vriUing t become too purchaser of really good stones, but when they untied the little IMthern bog which contained <\- them a&fl; ' ptmred them on the ormnter, Taw at a gianoe that they, wen not geneto atones, ami told them so. I have nevte ' seen pteple more aur- tkiaedor omased. He muttered, ' After' all £hat trouble/ but she had net »i word to uttor, in fect ahe soemed dazed toad-stupefied; Bray, oan you tell me, sir, who they Bre. if I may take the liberty ; X think they spoke withVou as you featured ?' ' Their netne is Waloot, aud thoteis about 'all I can tall you.'"' 'And Gerard,' he .stid- as we4 departed 'that was about enogfi; to T one who i knew them it spoke vbtumes, ay; whole: libraries, . didn't if ? Anow I tidnk'' we - hkve bran 1 upelde'1. witbthem, oxttoyaoy - in your country, this time And I - tirourht to too.— -John Patleic, in Btlgrafia. . 