CHAPTER III. rErnlUnoTION. Then, noiselessly and cautiously, we orept to the door of Sir Charles Lester's oleeping apartment. By the dim light of a moderm teur lamp, which was only half turned up and carefully shaded, I saw Sir Charles rented in bed, proppedup by pillows. By the bedside stood George, his right hand grasped in tho long thin ones of thoe sick man, and tho left placed over his eyes. He looked the pi. ture of grief. " My son-for so I shall now consider you, Herbert being dead-I feel that but a few days, or at best weeks, can intervene between this and my death. Atl, mel when we are in stroeg health, how little do we think of the rashness of our notions I But death, in dimming our bodily eight, opens oun mental eyes and clears their vision. Herbert did wrong, I know; but was I not to blame as well 1" "Oh, no, no " sobbed the sorrowful George; "do not say that. You could not be to blame." SAhl, yes, I was But that is over-he is dead. You saw his spirit ?" "I did, indeed. I can swear it. I fired at it." " What could have brought it hereo Stay, George, I have left you everything ; but still I love my son. lied he returned to me and asked forgivenoes, he should have had it. I have grieved for him deeply, and long since I have forgiven him. May Heaven forgive him alsol" "Surely, surely," sobbed the young man. "I pray for his soul night and day. Oh, had he not forged those bills-" " Ioe did not forge those bills-at least, I have hopes that such is the ease. Yesterday I received a letter stating that prov.J of his innocence would soon be fortheoo ing. In. deed, lately I have had several communlea tionaof almost the like nature. Sometimes I could almost fancy I reoognise Herbert's style in 1the writing of theso notes." Aht, thow the affections work on the im agination I" groaned George. "No doubt some selemring wrleo teoh s lone this." . It nmy beo. do not ietknow-i cannot ay.," replied ir Clhanrles., as he passd his hand wearily over hs brow. " I eol as it ll ha Ic been in snmo horrible dream from which I am slowly awakening." Sho were ted. As hle dirs signed by?"ligh sel Gorge, otand I must say I nely aw y rehi not seiged-l. Theyre anony. deilis," replied Sir Charles. " havein li placed thlongem hinareully away in thdst dmoved ner Youly, ay examine them." I sw George'sd all eyes light up withned glupon a drower inding ted. As to kee did o, the light moved full n his forwarce, and I mustot ay never saw anything so evil. There was a devilish trium l h in tand thin lips, and oth lonng thin, whlete lands moved nervously, a rmi egrn will examinera.p ththoeletters paper To me oro lok etrayed all, and I determipaled upon a bohld move. Motioning Mr. Herbert to keep still, I molived quickly forward, so as to place myself between the ydeviloung fellow and the dranher eon taining the lettere, "ParTo don m," I saidrepl qietly. With your permiestlyn I ndill eairlyand those letters efore ye touh then say, " r. Standing." ale spring ck, hies face st pal and thSanding.en livid with rage as h eclaimed m in "my han the devil be kind yenou want here inter do" I put iny," I repled, qloreh tly honestly ant fasteirly; and that iwas more thanto I think a rnan nay, theMr. Stand i I put themng." "Son table, I rms I to b y i po.lted"t nodmost shrvaniekedng to te lamp, oolly oming." "Sin Chato rles thes plone in s malter nough my hand t end will ent wouind enot gh not to Interfere," I put in, as I rnew fortet the eters, and, openingr, I patook great earo to letter. Seeing thmyat Mater George was ready to make a spring pon the ethers i I put teredm lon udhe tablno, or thruste othem nto my palmoscket, end, advancing to ths lamp, coolly com. too enooed to read the one in mstiny haesd, although th kw tah ontentoms would not g o little o anything. However, I took great care to watch my agitated friend out of tIe corner of my eye. "Good writing for a gleost," I muttoered; elod enough for the others to hear-" alnost too good; but there is a mistiness asout them wshielh benomes a person of so little eubstance." I then drow a letter from the other end of tie packet, opened it, and read that, "Sir Charles," sad It qlickly, "lhave you any of thonse forged bills hlandy " lio pointed to the name drawer, and I soon lied the eillH in my hand, comparing thIem with the letter. "This is too bad I" cried lGeorge Standing. "Is the honour of the family to ire pIlaed in this fellow's hnnds-a low pollooeman." "' Better trust the hdor,' of lthe family In my hinds than in those of soetlS penple I kLow, Sir flatIolns. Are you prepared for a great surnprise-an agreeable one, I hope, but one which minty tax your strengthl to the tnl ost i'" " linet on. I am ill, but I can bear all." " Home of theeo letters, wherelin your son asks for pardon, are no doubt goetllue; the othsera are forgeries.' " Forgello I'' " Y1', and the man who forged those lettorns /,:,'" I the dills." " (treat. hiseVOe I" (Ieorgeo glrow nshen white. " Ist' a foet, atnd I canl prove it," said I. SYoulr sonl llhall Irove it." " ly on lI lie dead I" orled the baronet, anl aletry shade gathering onel Ilss lfes, " lio Cnlt, lie las st denad. Yell saw tno liost- y n1nUh tir no ghost I bpt you lid eo yilr sonll tie 1Iesi,. Now, be gih," " I atll erlic, nVseran Is lie e " doalnlded llr lilhatrle' evorlhly. ' ' iens I ' tled Ilel errt, hi'd thl Inxt nnlet ltr l le was htle lllt at I shall int .aslly Iforre tisa gHleams of AnI slloin as the Iathller tlld nonl were Oahll onet~llgth . sI d t " \ ho ba h lter wind this littllo nm tter n it 10n Itllukly netd 'Ii eitly an lirbtle. I lr hllnehes, wilh yloulr Ipenlsion I will take n llhair, (Irlndlntei , I pray you WilI he all ostens and seip your teisllers, tletoneitber I aooults lbldy, tld the Ihortor youtr Illtlrwr are the quicker will this painful sene be" over. First of all, Mr. Lester, how camo you to be playing ghost in your own father's "After I was accused of all sorts of crimes, by the advice of George, I started for Australia. I was shipwrecked, and having heard that my father refused his forgiveness, I went to Sydney. At last, all other ties being broken, I determined to return home, face my fate, and prove my innocence. I communicated with George, who told me it was madness; that my father had a warrant out against me, and I could expect no mercy. Still,Ireturned, and being acquainted with a secret passage which led from the old tower in the grounds, I availed myself of it, determined to discover what baleful in. fluence was at work to keep my father's heart so from me. Kn.owino the ways of this old house, I was able to glide about like a ghost. At last I was discovered by this gentleman whilst playing my mother's hsr..' "Great heavens I" murmured the baronet, olasping his thin hands. " I think moset ghost stories could be as easily explained as this one," said I, !'tI people would but eeo about clearing up the mattercoolly. G3 on, iMr. Her' t-go on, sir." " The dread of being tried for forgery kept mo away some time. At last I ventured all. I wished to obtain the forged documents, prove my innocence, and then, father, humbly crave your mercy. Of course directly George heard of tho ghostho knew who it was. He attempted my life in the so-called haunted chamber. I was wounded, and by the blood.marks this gentleman I traced me to the old lumber.room. My story is told-and, father, I am here I" I never could do the pathotio business, and myoyes roe not given to weeping, but they were damp then, and I had a nasty lump in my throat. At last Sir Charles released his son, and, turning to Georgo Standing, said: " George Standing, you have heard all that has passed. Can you deny itI Nay, do not add to your many other crimes that of lying I I see the lie is in your brain and in your heart, but it chokes even your throat. Con. fees all, and I will not onlyso far pardon you that you shall not he punished, but settle on you a modest competency on which you can live abroad, where your antecedents will be unknown. Think before you answer-for your choice is final." He thought for a moment, and then said, sulkily: "Well, I confess that I did lay the trap into which both Sir Charles and IIorbert fell. The stake was worth the risk, and bold as tho game was, I played it. Of course I tried to keep Herbert away. Whilst he was somewhere in Australia, I was safe. Fortune turned upon me-ho came back. You know the rest." "Abandoned wretch I" oried Sir Charles. " Go (Sea Picture No. 5.) Never more enter my presence. Go to your room, and there commit a full confession of your crimes to paper. By its truthfulness shall I regulate the allowance I shall grant you. Then quit this house for ever. All communications be tween us must now be made through my lawyer. Gol" With a half.defiant air, the young fellow left the room. I soon followed him, deeming It predent to leave father and son alone, As I softly elosed the door, I heard Sir Charles offering up a fervent thanksgiving that the sea had given up its dead. 