/ SPORTING NOTESi i ; .-' :.;-': ?? nBT.MuELiK.l . ;.,?.??? !? The .Autumn -Meet of: the .Midland. Jockey Club, is to take place at Oatlands to day, and j udging from present appearances tbere Bhould be an interereBting day's sport. -/vOn the;Main Line railway return' tickets' will be is9UGd at single' faros from all' stations to Parattah, .and they. will be arailable for return up to' Monday. This morning at 7'15 a special train will leave excuriion fares will be charged.. Such liberal train arrangements' must materially tend to increase tbo attendance, and there is ? every ? prospect, if ; only favoured ? with ' fine weather, that the M. J.C. will score a success, as they deserve to do. : , . i .OnJ Monday Latrobe,' West Tamar, and Branxholm will' hold their race meetings. The acceptances for the two latter meets' do not close until- .this evening, but'those.: for. Latrobe and '.the nominations for the Trial Stakes and- the North- Western Hunt Club Cup ;will be found in another column. The meet promises to be a success, and it is satisfactory to note that the train arrange ments are; of a liberal character,; Return tickets at singls fares will be issued at all stations on Government . railways to-day and Monday, and will be available for return up f «to ' the'1' 20th.v A.A '' special will leave the Launceston station at 7*15 a.m., and Latrobe' at 6'20 p.m.] whila another will leave Deloraine at 8*^0 a.m., and Latroba for the latter township at 8' 10 p.m. ? ? ' Mr. Agnew's horses Chaldean, Promised Land, and- Macquarie,. returned to their native heath by the Pateena yesterday . Macquarie'. did not run, but the. other two sported silk on BCT-eral oaoaaians..- Neither, however, succeeded -in gaining n winning bracket, and Chaldean rather disappointed his admirers.' 'After shaping meritoriously in the Leger he seemed to go off, and ia his laafrace finished up a decidedly, in ferior horse to what he was at the com mencement of the. meeting, at the same time he was anything but favoured in weight. .. . , ?; ? On Friday next, the 22nd instant, the annual meet'df the Table Cape Raoing Club to be (held, and. Iexpect to soe the club to score au even bigger success than last year, ffhe committee are entitled to support because they give better stakes than any other; club on the N.W. Coast. In fact, with the exception of Carrick, no other., country club in Tasmania adds i!100 to the principal race. Burnie raoea are to be held- on the Monday after Table Cape ; meet, and if the nomiuations are any guide, at all, there should be aa excellent' day's ; sport. The coast trip is a: thoroughly enjoyableone, and I hope both meetings will ' be . well patronised. The Burnie accept- ; ances .close this evening, and the ' Table j Cape acceptances on Monday. ? j ' The programme of the. T.B.C. Autumn Meet, wHich is . to be, held on May 1,; appears in another column. Tho following j are the events :— Trial Stakes,, of 25 bo v.a,! for horses- that have— never. won an ad-, vertiBed- stake at the .time of starting, one mile and a quarter ; , Hurdle ? Handicap, -of 40 sovs, i about one mile and a half; Autumn JHandicap, , , of 50 sovs,. one mjle and a quarter; bteeplechase, of . 50 sovs, . about two mileB . and a half ; Free Handi cap, of 20 sovs, three- quarters of a mile. The nomination fci^ the Free Handicap ifl nil, and for the other events one sovereign. All nominations close with the T.E.C. secretary, Mr. C. H. Westwood, on April 17 at 4 p.m. There ia little fault to b« found with the programme, but I should like to have seen the two principal events each subsidised with another : tenner,, and onoe more I mast protest against makintr the! nominatian free instead of the acceptance in the Free Handicap. The practice only leads to a lot of horses being nominated ae ; a fake. . J The annual meet of the Fingal Eacing : Club is. .announced for Easter Monday, j The following are the events: — Handicap Hurdle, of :20 sovs ; twice round. Miners' \- Handicap, -ef 10 sovs ; once round. Fingal , Handicap, -of 35 sovs; about one mile and | a half. f-Fingal Steeple, of 45 sovs;i three timee, round. Flying Handicap, of 15 sovs, -three-quarters of a mile. The! nomination (fee for the Miners' Purse and; Flying Handicap is 10s, and for the other . events one sbv. I am sorry to see that the Fingalites have selected Banter Monday, because Deloraine Turf Club race' as usual on that day, and this must to aome extent interfere, with the success of tho Fingal meet;' .'.?'.',.. ?. _-??.' In addition to winning the Forbury Handicap of '550 sots witb Occident on the third day of the Dunedin Autumn Meet ing/, Mr.' John -StephenEon .carried off the Flying Handicap of 100 sovs_ with Captain Cook, by Manuka out of Opcident's dam. ?A sale 'oft. thoroughbreds,, took, place at Melbourne on Mondcyi March 11, but' poor pi ices .were realised. Retort by Wellington — Eesult, was sold to Mr. A. Brown, New South Wales. for330ss. Hartlands by Neckersgat — Merrileea, was sold to Mr.Rotten, West Australia.f or 200jjs. Loch by Elarriwell— Fillie de Jbie, was was purchased by Mr. Rotten' for7Ogs. Thunderbolt by Musket^Locket, by Mr. W. Blackler, . South Australia, for 220gs. Russely by Doncaster, was bought by Mr. Fountain, for 310ga. Enfilade, pakleigh, Recall, and Dragon were offered, and bought in. . ? ; .' '. By the steamer Flinders on Tuesday. two thoroughbred fillies arrived. . One was a -fcwo-year-old purchased by Mr. B. 0. Field, of Westfield, ,at -.Mr.'. John Crozier's sale,' and by St. Albans out of Erin, by Irish King out of imported Patrie, bj Qladiateu'r' out of Chevrelte, by Lanercost; The other was. a: yearling purchased by' Mr. John Field, and was bred by Sir Thos. Elder, and by -3&ng; Forward: out of Miami,' by South Australian, out of Keckersgat'a dam, imported Miss Giraffe, by King. Tom out of Giraffe, by Melbourne;' '?' Nominations of yearlings for tba third IM.'J.C.- Sires'-Pro'duce btakes, which is to be run at Oatlands in December next, close to-day .(Saturday), -with Mr. S. Page, jthe hpn. secretary of the; Midland Jockey Club, Oatlands. No charge is made for 'nomination, and the forfeiti is fixed at one sovereign. The stake will be worth ^130, and the race . is open to the produce of Manuka; -The. Assyrian^ Napoleon, Cara-. mut, Astronomer, Revenge, Waverley, and Proto-Martyr. . ,:.?'? . ;The sum of Xl 5,098 was paid away in stakes over the V.R.C.- Autumn Meeting. The- jAscob Vale , was' worth £1130, the Champion- .£1140, Newmarket .Handicap .£1589, the Australian; Cup X1190, and the Leger. .£985. The : following .were the prinpipal w.inners :— Mr. J. White, J!3577 18s ; Mr. D. S. Wallace, Je2246 ; Mr. -J. GK Stead, £1918,; Mr. Mi Jacobs, £1589 ; Mr. J. , O'ioughlan, . £1167 2s j Mr. W. R. Wilson, £724, j Mr. J. Cox, £650 j Mr. S. Miller, £429,;, Mr; S. ;G. Coble, £370 ; Mr. A. pavies, £365; Mr.; S.Ctardiner, £310; Mr. J. , Wilson, -sen., r, £301; ^Mr. W. S. Hickenbotham, £238; ,,Mr..^R.', Clifford, £223 ; Mr. S. Davis,.£l72 ; Mr. W- Gannon, £i7o:,'::.,, .. .;.: :;,.';;..;,;,; i,;iir ,,:, -?.,?? .. ' By the steamer which left f*r.Melbourne on Wednesday ' the .race-horses Scottish' pbief, Mary .Grierson, and Rob Roy, the property of Mr. W. Brown, of Longford, wa.B shipped. They are all by Napoleon, and Mary Grierson and Scottish Chief are but of Talkative, 'the' dam of \A.spen, and Rob Roy. is out of Secret -y Maribyrnong. Xhey'we'M in charge of Neil Campbell, the well-known Victorian trainer, who. was iio successful with. Mozart last seaaon, and we may expect, to hear of them dis tinguishing ^themselves .',in Victoria, espe cially Scottish Chief, who is one of the finest two-year-olds ever bred1 in the. colony...-. A yearling brother to Silvermine,-also owned by.-Mr...W. Brown, will, join the others in five 'or six weeks. . ' ',?.-. , : lite amount. paid away in stakes over* the Dunedin Jockey Club Autumn Meet ing was £3541. '? The principal winners were . — Mr. H'. Hammond, £565 5s ; Mr. J. Ste,phenson, £380 ; Mr. D. O'Brien, £370 . 10s,; Mr. G.H. Clifford, £354 7s ; Mr. E.' Outts, £289 Bs ; Mr. P. Gucler, £2 IS 15s; Mr.W.C. Webb, £181 9s ; Mr. D. Ruther ford,. £161 10s ; and Mr. A. M'Dbnald £115. 16s. It is said that the committee of the Victoria Racing Club have decided Jiot to recogni66! pony racing. This will pave the way for the institution of 'a poHy and galloway association, by which the sport and its surroundings will be kept under proper subjection. An in stitution of the kind has turned out a com plete success in England. Action said to be similar to- that contemplated by the Victoria Racing Club has been already taken by the Australian Jockey Club in New South Wales; and Mr. G.W.S. Rowe, the secretary of the Canterbury 'Park Race Clnb', is preparing the preliminatius for a .pony and1 galloway associatioa. '}'' ? '' , (The cause of The Australian Peer's with drawal' from the V.E.C. Autumn engage ments was an injury which he sustained while on the way to the railway- station in Sydney. During a bit of playfulness he. atrained himself, and although it was not looked upon as anything serious, he , gradually became worse when he reached Melbourne, and there was nothing for it but to scratch him. The French paper paper LetSport has published a table showing the comparative amounts won in stakes by the eight most successful owners in England, France, Austria, and Germany. The Duke of Port land heads the list with £26,800, and next comes Lord Oalthorpe, with £26,646, and the aggregate winnings of the eight owners who were at the top of the list were £122,787. Baron de Soubevran headed the French list with £18,353, and M. Pierre Donon was second .with £17,770, the aggregate amount of the first eight owners being £100,590. The hon. W., Robinson has (a .New Zea out' with R. Ray, the well-known trainer, and as a result the horses belonging to that gentleman have' left Ray's establish ment. With ChainBhot, Exchange* Engage ment, and Merrie England all amis3, it is no surprise. ?' to hear of the change of trainers, as the Canterbury sportsman is well known for giving his trainers, the rounds of the kitchen when matters are not to his satisfaction. . '.The English sire Uncas, by Stockwell from Nightingale, is now 23 yeaxutaS age. He Btill. maintains that high position as a stud .horse which he has so long occupied. Last je'ar, his progeny placed close .upon £6000 to his credit, his chief contributor being Belle Mahone, whose dam is the Oaks winner, Jenny Howlet, who. .has already .earned a» high a name as a brood matron as she did as a racer. Uncas was well patronised by breeders in 1886 ; and, among the two-year-olds that can do duty /or him nest season is a chestnut filly named Primrose. ' Pony ^racing, has revived in . the old country as wall as in Australia, and there is now a great demand for thoroughbreds \ under 16 hands,' and their value has in creased in a wonderful measure. The reason may (says an English journal) be explained in a very few words. 'A short time ago wiiibxi. ao ueruicu. , puuy auu galloway racihg* was placed on a much better footing; proper rules,, after the style of the Jockey Club, were formulated ; a committee of well-known sportsmen tooK the whole thing in hand, determined to make this kind of- -racing reputable and subject to certain fixed regulations ; arid what- is even more important, a large 'number of valuable stakes are now given in .different parts' of the country to be competed for by. ponies— say 'T4 hands and under— and by galloways .under 15' bauds, Baces worth £100 and upwards may be now won' by such animals, if they, ate only good enough.1 But1 they have te'be very good enough,, and nothing but a dear thoroughbred, as a rule, has the ghost of a chance of success.' We have known instances lately where £200 has been paid for a 14 hand pony ; we have little doubt that nothing like this sum would : buy Dsrothy or. Rosina, and it would be interesting, if the owners of these valuable animals would inform a curious public how much money they respectively ? won in stakes alone last year. For several raoing galloways — t.e. those of about 15 hands— much higher prices have been lately paid ; whereas it is not too much to say that a short' time ag« such quadrupeds would have been considered well sold at £25 each. . . Writing of betting past and present, an English paper says : ' Within the last twenty or thirty years good horses have more than doubled in value, and yet the money that can be won upon them ia not one-half, or even a third, ,of what could formerly be gained. Those of the present day can scarcely comprehend the money that owners won,;or stood to. win, on their horses in days gone by.: The late Mr. Carew;, the. once owner of the lordly estate of Beddington, .and who was a permanent steward at Epsom, told us, just bufore he took; his last journey to Boulogne, where he died with less than half-a-crown in bis p«oket,:that he would have won £180,000 if a horse called Old Robert, who had been highly tried, had' been successful in the Derby. The most, money the late Mr.. F.. Swindell ever backed a horse for was £150,000, which, he thinks, he would have won on Wallace in the Derby of 1860 had the horse not ' been left behind, or nearly so, when the .flag fell. The Times, in re porting the Victory of Thormariby in that race, said that. Mr. Merry's winnings were £100,000; and it is, wo believs, the fact that £100,000 was taken, out of tho ring by Mr. Naylor when Macaroni won the Derby of 1863. Mr. William. Wright, who was only one of the commissioners for Lecturer, has, we believe, hanging in one of his rooms a cheque drawn by him for £70,000, and on the back is the simple endorsement ' Hast ings.' These are figures that are now im possible. Not one man on any one run last ?year won £20,000, or anything like it. It is said that this sum was won on the series of victories gained by Goldeeeker. Ab a matter of fact, within the last twenty years the whole character of racing hat- changed, and keeps on changing. Not many years ago, to back horses was to be on the road to ruin, and the idea of any one malting a large income by it would have been laughed to scorn. The ' pro fessional backer' was a being unknown. Now there is one attached to almost every stable, which is, perhaps, better than having a bookmaker attached to it, as used to bo tho ease. The very fact that there are men whose only ia;ome is derived from .backing horaea is in iteelf proof that the palmy days of the ring are over. The big stakes that have ? iprung up have hit the ring severely. With a £10,000 book it was always possible for the bookmaker to 'skin the lamb.' Tho new £10,000 stake is simply bookmaking in another form, but with -thi.)- difference, there is no 'Bkinning the lamb.' One or other owner must win the .money, and the resnlt is that he sub scribes to these stakes instead of going to the bookmakers. - 