THE VICTORIAN FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION. The ordinary meeting of the Victorian Football Association was held last night at Messrs Young and Jackson's, Mr. Angus Evana being in the chair. INTERCOLONIAL MATCHES. The committee of the Melbourne Cricket Club wrote, granting the use of their ground for the intercolonial matches—Victoria v. Tasmania, on May 18, and Victoria v. New South Wales, on July 13. The committee stated that they would hand over the entire proceeds of the outside ground to the visiting clubs. OFFICE-BEARERS. The following nominations were received for positions of office-bearers for the ensuing season :—President, Mr. Frank Grey Smith; vice presidents (two to be elected), Messrs. A. G. Major (South Melbourne), A. McCracken (Essendon), R. W. Beat (Fitzroy), and J. J. Morris (Melbourne); honorary treasurer, Mr. A. Stooke, honorary secretary. Mr. T. S. Marshall. DISBANDMENT OF THE UNIVERSITY CLUB. Mr. R. M'Leod wrote tendering his own and Mr. J.F.C. James's resignations as delegates of the University club, it having been dis- banded. ANNUAL REPORT. Mr. T. S. Marshall, honorary secretary of the association, submitted his annual report, which was as follows:- In accordance with the rules of our constitution, I have much pleasure in submitting the secretary's report for 1888-9. In doing so last year, I congratulated the association on the fact that not one case of misconduct on the part of players had been reported to us. Unfor- tunately the past season told a different tale, as many night ware taken up investing charges laid against players for rough play or unseemly conduct while on the field. Although, in one or two cases, the charges laid were deemed to be frivolous, still it cannot be denied that in others the evidence dis- closed the fact that there are certain men play- ing our game whose absence from the field would be no great loss. Individual players however, are scarcely so much to blame, when we consider that some teams enter the field with no shadow of friendly feeling towards their antagonists, the results being that our game is brought into disrepute by tho unduly rough play and nasty spirit dis- played. Committees of clubs are in my opinion, fre- quently much to blame for this outcome, as I have heard remarks made in their excitement about op- posing clubs and players by committee men that cer- tainly were not conducive to a continuation of friendly matches. I think committee, can and should do a great deal in promoting a more friendly feeling between clubs by excluding from their ranks any player calculated to bring their club into disrepute, by extending to visiting players and committees a certain amount of courtesy, and by expressing their opinion of umpires and opposing players in a less boisterous and open fashion. Committees must not usurp the prerogative of the genus "barracker," and rob him of the delightful privilege of abusing umpire, and players to the top of his bent. I do not, for one moment, say that all clubs or committees should be included in this category, but I am sure it will be admitted that many of you have had experiences of this kind. The play during the past season has been on the whole, of an increasingly satisfactory nature. The matches were in many instances, very exciting; the end of the term finding South Melbourne premiers for '888. Their play during the entire season was, with one exception most consistent and from first to last, was of such an exemplary character that young and ambitious clubs would do well to take a lesson in discipline from last season's premiers. Geelong, as they always do, played a most meri- torious game, while Williamstown obtained third place. The season was notable for the reversal of form on the part of Carlton who, previous to their trip to Tasmania, played in such a style as to lead their supporters to expect them to land the premiership, but the 1887 premiers wofully fell away on their re- turn from that too hospitable island. Essendon, on the other hand gained increased strength and form by their visit to Adelaide, opposites which I dare not attempt to reconcile. I do not think I need particularise even team ,but as showing the inconsistencies of some of our clubs, I would like to say that South Melbourne was only beaten twice and that by Richmond and North Melbourne, while on the next Saturday the former vanquishers of our premiers were themselves beaten by Footscray. Problem--Richmond defeats South Melbourne, and Footscray defeats Richmond. Where should Footscray be placed on the premiership list? During last season an English team of Rugby footballers visited Australia. While here they essayed to play our game but their success was not remark- able. Their failure to master its scientific points proved conclusively that the Rugby player er has a great deal to unlearn before he can hope to excel at the Australian game. In connection with tho visit of the English team, the community was shocked at the lamentable death by drowning of their captain, Seddon. A fund to place a memorial over his grave was initiated, and this association subscribed handsomely towards it. The Norwood(S.A.) also visited Victoria last year, and the panics they played hero proved conclusively that the day is not far distant when the South Aus- tralians will be able to put a team in the field able to hold its own against the best Victoria can produce. Last November a conference of Intercolonial dele- gates was held to amend the laws of the game. The alterations effected, it is hoped, will still further im- prove our game. I would like to draw your attention to one or two points which may have a most important bearing on the welfare of the game. 1\. Playing of senior matches out of season. 2\. Offering premiums to club to obtain the pre- miership. 3\. Betting on matches. There has been of late years a growing tendency among senior clubs to anticipate the season, but this year it must have reached its climax, as by the pub- lished lists it will be seen that almost every senior club is playing a match with another senior before the season opens. What does this mean? Does it mean that five months out of the twelves are not suffi- cient for us? If so let us meet the cricketers in a sportsmanlike spirit and argue the matter out, but please do not let us attempt to filch any portion of their season from them unfairly. The press and many real supporters of our game put it down to another cause- gate money. Now, gentlemen, I warn you to be very careful in this respect; do not give anyone the slightest chance to say that our game is degenerating into a scramble for gate money. I call upon South Melbourne, Geelong, and Carlton, the three admittedly strongest clubs at the present time, to take the lead in this matter and utterly set their faces against playing senior matches out of season without tho express sanction of the association I may state that the Carlton committee unani- mously resolved at its meeting last Tuesday for the future not play any senior matches out of season, and I trust the committee of all our associated clubs will do likewise. Another evil in the offing, by wealthy supporters, of money or trophies in the event of the local team obtaining certain place in the premiership list. This, to me, savours somewhat of professionalism, or, at least, as a bait to entice players from other clubs. I may inform these gentlemen that, speaking from personal knowledge, the players are so imbued with the spirit of the game that it requires no inducement of this kind to make them strive to put their club at the head of the premiership list. Offerings like these cannot benefit our game, in- deed they are more likely to injure it. I have fre- quently said that betting is becoming, far too common in football circles, and this association, by force of example, should endeavour to do what it can to sup- press it. Delegates, at any rate, should be above suspicion and neither directly nor indirectly should they bet on football matches. Umpires are not allowed to bet, and surely those who have the appointment of them should be guided by the same wholesome rule. That bugbear, the arranging of matches satis- factorily to all concerned, exercised their minds of delegates throughout the whole of last season. For tho coming season something approaching a satis- factory basis has been fixed, and the outcome will be a nearer approach to a real all-round flight for the premiership than has hitherto been the case. Matches with Ballarat will no longer be reckoned in the premiership but I still think the Ballarat premiers should have the right to play the metro- politan premiers at the end of the season. The University after a struggling existence of three years, has at length been compelled to give up the ghost. They fought long and and manfully again adverse fate,and under such discouraging circum- stances as would have compelled stronger combina- tion long before to have thrown up the sponge. Personally, I-and I am sure all my colleagues as well-regret that the withdrawal of the University club means the loss of the services of Messrs. James and M, Leod to the association. On many occasions we have been opposed to each other, but I cannot forget that their opposition was always carried on in a manner which reflected credit, not only to themselves but also on that abode of learning whose club they represented. We can ill afford to lose gentlemen like Messrs. James and M'Leod, and I hope we have not seen the last of them on the association My system of points worked fairly well last season, but during the coming one I expect to see it act more unsatisfactorily as, I understand, every senior club plays each other at least once. There has been some talk in reducing the number of matches to be played from 18 to 16, but I hope this will not be done. The premiership should not be attained without a great struggle, and should be made as difficult of accomplishment as possible, but thin will assuredly not be the case if the number of matches be reduced. In conclusion, I trust the members of the associa- tion during the coming season will work harmoniously and amicably together, and continue to supervise our game in such a manner as to keep it pure and unsullied, and make It worthy of being truly called the national game of Victoria. On the motion of Mr. Hunt, the draft re- port as submitted as adopted. OPPOSITION TO INTERCOLONIAL MATCHES. Mr. P. O'Neil (South Ballarat) drew atten- tion to the fact that the St. Kilda and South Melbourne clubs had arranged a match to be played at St. Kilda on the same day as the in- tercolonial match with Tasmania. The association had already by resolution deter- mined that matches under such circumstances should only be played at Footscray and Williamstown. He asked whether, under the circumstances, tho match could be played. Mr M MINCHIN (South Melbourne) said that the was authorised at a meeting of the association. Having given away a Saturday to Port Melbourne, they had only the bare 18 matches required by the premier- ship rules. It was not a desire for the gate money that influenced them in arranging the match, and his committee, he felt sure, would be glad to hand their share of it over to the Tasmanians. Mr. A. STOOKE (St. Kilda) said that his club had only the bare l8 matches, unless this was played, and a wet Saturday might result in their sacrificing whatever prospect they might have of winning the premiership. Mr. J. GRAHAM (Essendon) thought that under the circumstances the match might be allowed. In future he thought it would be desirable to prevent any clubs playing matches on the dates when intercolonial matches were being played. It was showing poor courtesy to the visitors to send into the field against them any team which was not Victoria's best. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'NEIL pointed out that according to the list of matches arranged the intercolonial team would have to be chosen from four clubs, viz., Carlton, Essendon, Fitzroy, and Richmond. Mr. W.W. ROLFE (Port Melbourne) said that he understood that this match was neces- sary, so that every club should play every other club at least once during the season. Mr. T S MARSHALL said the association would have to draw the line somewhere. All other matches save that between St. Kilda and South Melbourne were arranged within the rules. Mr. STOOKTE said he was sorry to do any- thing that might look like opposition to Tas mania, as personally he was indebted to the footballers there for most hospitable treat- ment. Mr. H.P. DOUGLASS (Geelong) said that the spirit of opposition would disappear if both clubs agreed to hand over the proceeds to the Tasmanian team to defray the ex- penses of their trip. Mr. Minchin and Mr. Stooke both stated that they believed their clubs would be wi|- ling to do so. Mr BROOKS (Fitzroy) pointed out that whatever might be the equity of the case, they had to face the fact that the association had carried a resolution limiting the number of matches, and, until that resolution was rescinded, the match could not be legally authorised, even with every member of the association favourable. Messrs. Stooke and Minchin, as representa- tives of the St. Kilda and South Melbourne clubs, agreed to abandon the match Mr. GRAHAM said it was now too late to countermand the other matches in which senior clubs had, with the consent of the association, engaged, but as he thought that for intercolonial matches the colony should be represented by absolutely the best team, chosen from all sources, he would during the season give notice of motion, with the object of altering the present arrangement. After making some amendments in the constitution the meeting adjourned. 