CHLAPTEtR XI. IN Tile IPLANTATION. SoinOmur sinuging a west-country ditty. " Ii. rl'e-black ryer----" A paius in then singing, and the striking of severlt blows with ia rough ho:, the to dontruction of wecds in ia coffee-plarnttioi ; while., as the chops of the hoo struck tih clod. of earth, the fetters worn by the striker gave forth faint clinks. Then iii a pleasant rmuical voice the singer wont on with another line : " And /i4 rarly/ hai'---" More chops with the hoc, and clinks of the fetters. " Hlisplfe.sig rol"--- A hlavy thump with the back of the tool to an obstinatu clod, which took several rmure strokus lixfore it crumbled up ; and all the timis the fetters clinked and clanked loudly. Then the singer went on with the sweet old minor air with its childish words. •)idsy hrart enrs.wre- " Chopi chop ! clink! clink ! clank ! '" Gre'el h/e twa---" " 1r nl rake like gnu." " Oh, I say, Abel, mnate ; don't, lad, P don't. ' " Don't what ?" said Abel Dell, resting upn his huo, and looking up at big Bart Wrigley, clothed like "hinmself, armned witlh ho, and ialso doooratdl with fetters, as he stood wiping the perspiration frrm his foreliuid. " Don't sing that there old song. It de t make me feel so unked." " Unked, Bart I Well, what if it does ! Theis are lunked days." " Ay, but enah time you sing that, I seem I to see the rocks along by tih shore at holme, with the ivy iunging down, and the sleep I feeding, and the sea rolling in, and the blue i sky, with gulls I-flying, and it maks men feel I like a boy again, and big as I urn, is if I lioulld cry." " Always were like a big boy, Bart. Iloo i away, lul, the overscer's looking." t Bart went on chopping wdeds, diligently following his friend's example, is a sour looking, yellow- facdd man came by, in P comprany with ia soldier loosely shouldering P his mniuket. Bnt they passed by without t speaking, and Abelcontinued : " There's sea here, and blue sky and sun shine." " Ay," said Burt, " thore's sunshine hot enough to fry aimnir kerel. Placo in right enough if you was free; but it ur'n't home, Abel-it irr'n't hlome." " Home I no," said the young mnn, savagely. But we have no hlome. 31he spoiled that." Thlre was an interval of weed-chopping and clod-breaking, thu young min's chains clanking loudly, is they worked now Ho i energetically that the overseer noted their procudiings, and pointed theln out as < examrples to an idle hand. "Ah l you're a hard 'xii, Abel," remarked Bart, after a time. " Yes ; and you'ro a soft 'un, Dart. She could alwaya turn you round her little finger." " Ay, bless her I and she didn't tell on us." " Yes, she did," said Abel, sourly; and he turned lis back upon his companion, and toiled away to hide the workingof his face. T'Il sHun shlone dlown as hotly ias it can lshino in tie West Indies, and the courso Hlirts. the young imen wore showed patches of irroisturo where the perspiration crame through ; but they worked on, for the labour dCedoIned the misery in their breasts. Andl yet it wans a very paradiOse as far ias nature was citotmcernteerd. Mani had lspoiled it as far Uas le could, this cultivntion being but ia poor r rm:iopense for turning so lovelyn spot into a plantatiuo worked by couvi:tts-by men who fouled thli amiibient air each rumorment they opened their lips ; while, from timo to tirno, the earth was stainild with lilood. In tie distanice sihonuI the Hse, iund between tlhoplanlttiron and tlim silver coral Hands lny patchIs of virgin forest, where the richest and most luxuiriant of tropic growth revelled in the lheiata nd moisitre, while in tile sunny plabthe, brilliant flowers blolsormed,. Then cameu wild tilngle, cani-braki, and in one placo, where u creeki indented the land, weird lookinig lanrrroves spread their lafitge over their muddy seaffiolds of ririal roots. " Hrow long have we been here, rirate ?" said Bart, after 1i pinuse. " Dunnro," replied Abel, fiercely. Hier hlie bergn chloppling more vigorously. " How long will they keeip us in this hler, placte !" said Bart, after another interval, and he looked fromn tile ,beautiful shore ait the ibottom, of the slope on which they workrd to tle cluster of stone alnd wood-built hhltilings, which'l formt l thie prisolln and tihe stirtion farin, with fuitory and mill, all wirked by convict lalrnor, while tlose in the neighbourhllood \w're ma:naiged by 1llacks. Ablel did not rnswer, only scowled fiercely, and Dart sighed und ruepeated his a qnuetion. " Till we die I" said Abel, nIvagely ; " same as we've sLc other fellows die-of fever and ihrd work, and tie lush. Curse tihe captain. Curse- " Bart cltppedone hand over hiiscompaniou's lips, and he heldl tih other behind hiHs Ihead, dropping his lhoe to leave full liberty to uct. " I never quarrels with you, Abel, lad," lie said, shortly ; lint if you msys words again that poor gell, I'm going to fight--and thatt won't do. Is it tasyi?" Abel eeorned disposed to stnrggle ; but lhe gave i, nodded his head, aoud Biart loosed him and picked up his hoc, just ia the over seer, whlo had conic softly up behind. brought dcwi the whip he carried with stinging violence aeross tho shoulders of first one und then the other. Theyoung men sprang round savagely; but there wans i sentry close behind, musket armred, and with bayonet fixed, and they knew that fifty soldiers were witlhin call, and that if they struck their tailonaster down and mado for the jungle, they would be hunted out with dogs, bo shot down like wild bestw, or die of starvwrtion, ras other un fortunttec had died before them. There was nothing for it but to resume their labour ind hoe to tihe clanking of their fetters, while, after promise of whut was to follow, in thie shape of tying up to tihe triangles and thle at, if they quarrelled again, the overseer went on to see to the others of his flock. " It's worse than ai dog's life i" said Abel, bitterly. " A dog does get patted u. well ias kicked. Baint, lhd, I'm sorry I got you that lash." "Nay, lad, never mind," said Bart. "I'm sorry frr -eou; but don't speak liurd things , I'll try not," said Aell, as he hood iaway excitedly ; " but I hope this coffee we grow may poislon those who drink it." " What for? They can't help it," said Bart, mniling. " Tlere, lad, take it coolly. Some day we may make a run for it." r" And be shllot " said Abel, bitterly. " There, you're down to thie end of that row. I'll go this way. He's watching us. BDrt obeyed. He was one who rlwnay , did obey; and by degrccs the young men were working right away from each other, , till they were a good two hundred yardts" 1 apart. 1 Abel was at the end of his row first, and he stopped and turned to begin again and go down, no us to pares Bart about the middle of , the clearing ; but hBart hard another minute's j chopping to do before turning. He was closeo up to a dense patch of forest • -one wild tangle of cane and creeper, which e literally tied1 tirhe talltrec together and made 1 the forest impassable-- when thie shricking of a kind of jay, which had been flitting about r excitedlly, stppend, and was followed by the mclodious whisttle of a white bird arn thie e twittering of qluito a flork of little fellows of a \- gorgeous scarlet-crinmsoO. Then the shrieking 1 of Eovcral parrots answering each other ar-oo; while just abovo Bart's head, whero clus?irr ui Ltrul'utr?-siwtud LIun-.oo :u.";.? down from t ?e edge of tho forest, scores of brilliantly-scaled humming-birds literally buzzed on almost transpatrent wing, and then usl?pendod thermselves in mid-air as they probed the netaries of the flowers with their long bills. " You're beclaties, you are," daid Bert, stopping to wipe his brow; "but I'd give the hull lot on you foir a ight of one gKood old carcy spurrer i-sitting o01 the cottage roof and saying clisdrl-rlhLrt. Ah I elhall us ever see old Devonshire again 1" The parrote hung upsido-down, and the tiny hurnouing-bindl flitted here iand there, displayintg, from tim, to time, the brilliancy of their esile-like feathers, and hart glaiced at his fellow convict and wis about to work tbalck, when there carme Ita ounld from out of the dark fo,rest which madle hit stare wildly, and then the sound arosu again. Bart changed colour, and did not stop to liho, Ibut walkedL rapidly across to Abel. " What's the nmtter 1" said the latter. "I)Dulto, Ildl," said the other, rubbing hii brow with his arm; " but there's some thing wrotng." " What is it?" "Thait's what I diunno; tbut jtust now somethinltg said quite plain, ' hart! hIart' " " Nouscnse ! "You are drramiug." " Nay. I was wide awake as I iam now. 1and(l as I turinl antl starel it said it again." " It said it ?" " W'ell, she said it." "Poll parrrt," taid Abel, grnflly. " Go on with your work. lere's the overseer." The tyoung meni worked !way, and their :upervisur patused them, and, apparently :lutisfied, contiluedl his journey roundl. " Mfty have buen a poll parrot," said Bart. " They do talk plain, Abel, Ilul; but this sounded like onmethinig elas." " What el.o, could it lhe ?" " Sonthtll like a ghost." Altel burst into a hearty laugh-so hearty thatt Bart's fase was slowly overspread by It broad snilo. " Why, lad, that's better," he said, grimly. " I ar'n't sc~c you do that for montls. Work Iway." 'li hint wa' given bItecause of the overseer glancing in their direction ; and they now worked on tgecther olowly, going down the row toward the jungle, at which Bart kepton darting uIneasy gItlncics. " nuough to mllkeO I man laugh to hear you talk of ghosts, Bart," said Abel, after ua time. " WThat could it ha', then ?" "P'rrot sonme aduly tno?l," said Abel, shortly, itas they workedl on side by side, " esled to o the woods again. Some of these hirdls talk just like at Chrisnti?m." " Ay," said Bart, after ia few momentn' quiet thought,' " I've heereld 'em, lad; but there's in, poll parrot out here as knows " Knlows you? " WeVll, dit?'t I toll you its it called to me ' Bart! Bturt!'" " Soundedl like it," said Abel, Inconically. " What does lie wiant l" For just then the overseer shouted, ind sigtned hi the gallginetn to come to him. " To le-gin another job--log- rolling, I think," growhtv l Bart, choalder ing his hoe. At that umoment, its Abel, fgllolved his example, there crine in a low, eager tone of voice from out of the jungle, twenty yards itway " Bart I-Abel --Abel 1" "Don't look," whispered Abel, who reeled is if struck, and recovered himself to cattch his companion by the armr. "All right!" he said aloud; "we'll be here to morrow. We must go." 