A GHOST STORY. A STATEMENT OF FACTS. (BY 8. D'A.) It was Christmastide, 1876. I was staying with my old tutor at the rectory of B., in Warwickshire. The festal season was nearly over and the retor's wife bad left us to pay a visit to her relatives, when the neighbouring vicar of L.O. invited the rector and myself for a few day's stay at the vicarage. The old vicarage of L.C. formed part of an old monastery, and bore the reputation of being haunted. The first day of our visit passed without any event of interest, but on the second we were to dine with the Countess of C. at the Hall. At the last moment I decided not to go out that evening, having rather a bad cold, and also as I had done little reading during the vacation I determined to do a few daj'd hard work before going back to Oxford. It was about half-past 8 o'clock. I was reading in the study a Greek play, and was deeply interested over a certain passage, when I became conscious of some presence in the room. Even at that age I was certainly not superstitious, but I must confess to having a feeling of fear which I cannot find words to express. I looked around —and the room was small enough to take its contents in at a glance—but I was the only occupant. I again set my miud on the play, when I became aware of a noise in the room, apparently of someone walking past me in the direction of the door. The sound was perfectly distinct, and my hair seemed to stand on end. I have faced death in more forms than one since then, but never in my life have I felt such a fear as I did then. The Btep went to the door, and there hesitated as if about to open it. The door remained closed, but the step continued to sound outside. I seemed transfixed to the chair on which I eat; the study was on the second floor, and the step was descending. I managed to collect myself and opened the door, when the sotind suddenly stopped. There was a light burning in the hall, and I could plainly •ee rayone who might be on the staircase, but I could see no one. I returned to my chair, and scarcely had I seated myself when the sound of a heavy footstep was distinctly audible. Filled with fear as I was I perfectly remembered afterwards of counting the steps, which were seventeen, the actual number of steps on the stairs. I was only a youth of seventeen, and I might be pardoned for the feeling that overcame me. Why I Bhould feel fear I cannot explain, but I must confess I would rather face the fire of an enemy than undergo the same sensations again, At the time I was little used to intoxicating drink, and on any other occasion believe a single glass of spirits wonld have placed me hors de combat; but although I drank off a large waterglass full of whisky, it did nothing more than partially bring back the color to my cheeks. There was no more reading for me that night. I could not bring myself to stay alone in the study, and went down to the kitchen, where the three servant girls were. I suppose my face showed signs of fear, for the servants on my entrance asked if there was anything wrong. I tried to pass it off as nothing, but it seems the servants had also heard the step, and implored ine to read them some passages from the Bible. About 11 o'clock the others returned from the hall, and the vicar at once noticed there was something wrong. When I had told him what I had supposed had taken place, he impressed upon me not to let bis wife know, or she would not stay in the house. I went back to Oxford, and eventually was commissioned to a regiment on foreign service. Some years rolled on ; the Afghan campaign came to an end, and in the latter end of 1879 I found myself on six months' leave once more in Warwickshire, and determined to call on the vicar of L.C. I sent in my card, and was ushered into the presence of a gentleman much younger than my old friend, After an explanation tbe new vicar informed me that Mr. E. had thrown up tbe liviug owing his wife's belief in the house being haunted. This led to my relating my own experience some four years back, and strange indeed w»s the vicar's next words. He told me that when he had come to the vicarage be decided to have the house repaired in several ways. The hall floor was of stone slabs in Mr. E.'s days, covered with oilcloth and carpets. The new vicar had the slabs removed to be replaced with boards, and the workmen in raising the slabs came upon tbe skeleton of a man, the skull of which was crushed in. 