CHAPTER XIX. THE BROTHERS FACETO FACE. A messenger was sent to Kirke, inform- ing him of the state of affairs, and at the moment Vernor was brought in the chapel he dashed up to the door, followed by the remainder of the troop. Their loud and disorderly entrance filled the' whole building with clamor, and their commander, with angry and inflamed visage, stalked through the room of Sir Hugh and traversed the corridor with, furious haste. He gained the chapel, and , a gleam of ferocious joy lighted up his features as he saw the prisoner; standing before him bound and help " Well, young cook o* the walk, your wings are clipped at last," he said, with a hoarse laugh. " You've led me a pretty dance, you and that deceiving old father of yours. Where is he 1 I'll make him feel that it is not safe to trifle with one of his majesty's officers as he has done with me to-day." . . Vernor disdainfully regarded him. " My father, thank Heaven ! is beyond the reach of your malice. You nor anyone else will annoy him more." "Why, what does the galliard mean? Where is Sir Hugh, I say ? Bring him before me, that I may signify my pleasure to him in this'conjuncture of affairs ? I'll take the old sinner where he'll find cause to repent of his evil deeds." " You're spared that trouble, sir," said Jones. "The old gentleman's gone a longer journey than you can take him. When I jumped in on the hidin' place o' the young 'un, he jest fell back and gave up the ghost." " Dead !" said Kirke. " Do you mean that his tough old heart actually broke when he learned that his young scape grace was in the toils? Bless my soul t I had no idea he had so much sensibility." "He's dead, sure, sir. Mebbe you'll come up and see where the youngster was stowed away, an' you see for yourself that Sir Hugh'll never breathe again in thiB world." Giving orders for the prisoner to be re moved to the hall and securely guarded, Kirke strode after his satellite and mounted to the gariet. He carefully sur veyed his route, and said : "Cleverly oontrived, faith; and the panel iB so well concealed behind the pillar that no one would have suspected its ex istence. I was certain that the young man had taken refuge here, and I intended, .to stay in the neighborhood until he was nabbed." Whon they gained the opening into the dressing-room, he forced his burly form through it, and stepping out, Btood before the two affrighted ladies, who were kneel ing before the couoh on which the body of Sir Hugh lay. Mrs. Methurn extri- cated herself from Ethel's clinging arms, and arose with dignity, while the poor girl turned her pallid face to ward him and pointed appealingly to the . lifeless form of the baronet. Mrs. Methurn said: . "I trust that Colonel Kirke will treat these remains with the respeot that is due to them." 1 The rude soldier lifted his hat in the 'presence of death, and replied : , " He's done his last wrong ma'am, and Igone where Jeffreys . can't reaoh him, .which I can't. say. I'm sorry for. Sir 'Hugh wara liberal man, and I'll see him put decently in the family vault before we go. But I am'sorry to say that you and this young lady must go with me to Taun- ton as.soon as the job s completed." " Can we not be permitted to. re imain here till our presence is necessary there?" " I had agreed to ttiat, but now it is impossible. You have helped to conaeal that young fellow, thus making matters ? worse for yourselves than they would have been. Luckily, we caught liim, and now he's safe with miy lambs." "How long may we remain beneath thiB roof, sir?" , ~ " Till my men have had a good dinner provided for them, ma'am, and we have had time to knock up a box to put the old gentleman in. He was fond o£ his glass, and I hope there will.be good wine ; to bo drunk at His funeral banquet. I rely qn your respect for the deceased to order a repast suited to his quality, for my lambs are used to the beBt the country affords." " They shall have the best we have," replied the lndy; " but you must be aware of the difficulty of obtaining sufficient food for a whole troop of horsemen at so short a notice. Our family is not large, and it will take time to send to the vil lage." " Zounds I madam kill the fatted oalf ; kill his mother, if necessary; for I shall not budge from the Priory till I have partaken. of its hospitality. The Methurns were not wont to be niggards ; and if their fortunes have fal'en, there is still enough left to" feed his majesty's soldiers." Mrs. Methurn did not reply to this rude speech ; she merely bent her head and left the room. Messengers were dispatched to the vil lago, and to farmer Conway's to request that provisions might be sent up to the Priory ; but tho day was rapidly waning away before the banquet was ready for the impatient and often clamorous soldiers; for Kirke allowed hip men the wildest iiburty when not engaged in actual | service. A rough coffin was procured for Sir Hugh, and with littlo ceremony he was : placed in it and convoycd to the family vault, which was situated ill the rear of . the chapel. Vernor and the two Lidio3 were permitted te be present, and, with fear and trembling, the curate of the piirish came to read the burial service over the body. When he asked leave to do so, Kirke replied: . . ; " It isn't much good they'll do such an old reprobate now, Mr. Parson ; but as it is Customary, I won't refuse. I'm oallcd a brntei and sometimes I act like one, but the devil, you know, iyn't so black as lie's painted. The women would feel horrified if . the old follow was put away like a dog, and 'somehow that little girl, interests me.. The . poor thing has boon made a victim by Sir Hugh and that scamp of a son; they have ruined her, I know, and this affair will swallow up the last fragment of. her fortune. Somehow I pity her, though I don't often care for those the fortune of war throws in my hands." ? . " Miss Ethel is a sweet young lady," replied the curate. " I taught; .lior Latin and the mysteries of . calculation, and she was always a docile pupil.: I .do hope you will try ar.d befriend her in the evil straits into which she has fallen." - "As to that, my power over her fate ceases when I deliver her over to the authorities at Taunton. Jeffreys will then be thearbiterof her destiny." The dominie shuddered. ? Oh, Bir, he is a merciless man, and this is such a young gill 1 I-^I'm told, sir, that those he cannot hang he will condemn to be sold as slaves in'.;the West Indies. Think of it, sir! such a' delicate young lady as this to beseritaway as a slave to that wild and unhealthy, country." Kirke laughed bitterly and said : " It's good enough for the most of those who will be sent there." The poor dominie regarded him with silent horror. The family at the Priory had.been his patrons, and from him the young people had received the greater, portion of their education. For vernor, he had less affection than Gerald, but he oould not think of the fate that' threatened him without the bitterest re gret. While performing the last services for the deceased baronet, his voioe faltered and his eyes filled with tears many times; and in a parting interview with Mrs. Methurn he promised to look in ire-, quently at the Priory, and see how things^ went on during her enforoed abBenoe. She made an effort to look hopeful, aa she Baid: . ' 1 "I trust that we shall be permitted to return before long. If we do not,I hope, Mr. Panton, that, you will remember the poor people I have been in the habit of looking after." He promised to do so, and asked : " Will not Mr. Gerald come to your as sistance, ma'am ? He's' a lawyer, and he will know the rightB of the case. It seems hard that you and Miss Ethel should be taken away from your home for suoh a trifle." " I have written to Gerald, and I shall send my letter from Taunton." " Will they really put you in prison, ma'am ? It s a dreadful place, for I've, been there to visit a friend. That waB several years ago; butthe place is no better now-nay, it is worse, for a malignant fever is raging among the people confined there." Mrs. Methurn shivered as she ex claimed! "My poor Ethel 1 it will be terrible to take her into the midst of infeotion. I must make every effort to escape that danger. Kirke iB rough and brutal, but he has the reputation of being also very venal. I have a hundred pounds by me, whioh I have saved since Gerald went into Mr. Clyde's office. Perhaps that will purchase permission for us to remain under Mr. Digby'a roof. It would be too cruel to throw ub in the midst of infec tion." " Kirke seems to feel for Miss Ethel, ma'am, and I think the half of the money will bribe him to let you both remain with your friends. But'no sum will keep Mr, j Vernor out of prison. They are too much afraid (hat he will escape.' He hati shown 'such spirit and determination that they will not consent to lose sight of him for !an hour.". Mrs. Methurn sighed heavily. "I am aware of that, and I have no hope of keeping him with us.. To save .Ethel from contaot with suoh misery and ^degradation, is the utmost I expect to ac complish. You advise me then to make 'the trial with Kirke ?" . . | "I think' you may venture to do bo, ma'am. ' He can only refuse, and ;you will be no worse off than you are now." Thus counselled, Mrs. Methurn sought an opportunity of speaking with Kirke,, who at first utterly refused to listen to Buch a proposal. He deolared that the ;two ladies must go to prison, as many others of as high station had done before ; that he had no power to change their des tination, but when he found that the 'widow had money of her own with which to purchase indemnity,', he softened his tone, and after many manoeuvres ,to find out how much she was able to give, he finally consented to accept sixty pounds, and allow Ethel and . her protectress to take refuge in the house of Mr. Digby till the day of their trial arrived. When Mrs. Methurn ventured to men tion "Vernor, his face darkened, and he abruptly said: - . .. "You can do nothing for the young man, madam. My advice to you is, to let him bear'- the burden of the calamity he has brought upon you all." Mrs. Methurn turned away with a.sad heart; ? she would have gladly averted from Vernor the penalty of his late acts, had she possessed'the power to do so; but she was helpless to aid him in any way. Vernor waB strictly guarded in one of the lower rooms, and no opportunity of speaking with him had been allowed the two ladies, save when they stood be side the bier when the funeral services were being performed. He had then briefly said: "Take care of yourself and Ethel, Aunt Agnes. It's all up with me, and I must boar my fate like a man. I have brought evil enough upou you without hanging as a mill stone upon you now. Leave me to my own deserts." The house for '-many hours after was a Bceno of riot and confusion, from which Mrs. Methurn waB glad to tnke refuge in the seoluaioti of her own npartmentn. The ifico uitium- wfis served, for Cmiwuy sent up a waggon load of provisions, and the poopte of the village, anxious to prove sheir royalty, furnished every I.thing thoy thought the troopers would need. The wine cellar was searohed, and a sufficient store of both wino and ale were .found to intoxicate the whole party. Few would have belioved that the shadow of death rrsted upon that house, which ran,!? with bacchanalian songs and royster ing laughter. The feast was turned into ^ wild revel, and it was late in the night before the troopers staggered from the table. Under the;* circumstances Kirko post poned thoir departure till the following morning, for among his troops but one sober man was to be found. This was , Simpson, to whom the custody of Vernor was delegated, with the assurance that if ;he permitted him to escape his own life should be the forfeit. { Minchen and her son were still in the house ; and Melchoir watched for on op portunity to come into the presence of his brother, that he. might gratify his deep hatred by seeing him bound and helpless before him. The drunken troopers had snnk down i upon the floor in a heavy sleep, and the house was'at last quiet, when the young gipsy .came stealthily toward the door be side which Simpson held his watch. He offered the trooper a tankard of ale and a piece of money, and whispered : " Let me pass ; let me see my foe :in the toils, and I will be your friend for life." " Gad 1 you're the fellow that set the iinen on the right scent; you helped to nab ;him, and I don't suppose you'd care to help him off." . ; "I'd throttle him first," was the fierce .response. I;wiBh to witness his humili ation-to gloat on his sufferings. He degraded me once by cowardly blowB, ? but now I think we are quits. , Let me pass, good fellow, and it shall not be the iworst for you. When I get my share of the reward for taking him, I'll remember you." " This ale is good ; this money is genu ; ine, and-1 don't see any objection to grant ing what you ask. Go in and speak your mind to the sullen youngstor, who wouldn't answer a oivil remark I made to him a while ago." .To be Continued. 