HO, HO I HOW NOW? The Flemington Borough Council have declined to contribute to the Lady Loch testimonial Fund, but it is whispered they are 'going to do the thing very handsomely,' in connection with the movement for the increase of the Marquis of Lorne's Guber natorial salary. 0 0 0 0 The Southern Province in which the boroughes are situated is fortunate in having for its Parliamentary representatives gentlemen so benevolent and so-well-able to.afford.tobe liberal as Mr. James and Sir W. J. Clarke. As a rule we are not given to chronicling thie private munificence of our great men, but it was a pretty sight to see the Baronet 'shouting' the little boys and girls into the bazaar on Thursday afternoon-and we thought we would mention it. * * 5 0 The tower of the now post office, Flemington, is to be furnished with a clock, and burgesses will shortly be able to glean the time of day from an official source, besides having the privilege-so dear to every true Britisher-of growling should the public time-keeper happen to make a mistake. One of the local councillors while on the job--we beg pardon-while on the clock, the other evening, said 'We must not, be too timid, Mr Mayor, we must write to the Post master General and ask what it will cost; otberwiso he may erect a paltry clock unworthy of the building.' His Worship told the speaker it would be ungenerous to growl in advance, and recommended him not to look the gift horse in the mouth, before he'(tho horse) opened it. An evening contemporary relates 'i singular case of so.nnambulismn 'which occured at Ascot Vale on Saturday mniorning--eact time of day not mentioned. We suspect the local 'ghost' is up to some of its old tricks again. Mr Edward Counsel has presented a copy of his ' Maxims' to the Flemington and Kensington Council, and there is much wisdom in the three thousand precepts contained therein. Maxim no 1128 would almost serve as a motto for one of the local legislators-'iThere is more worth in a written maxim than in a wilderness of bald talk.' Another maxim (no 1331) seems to fit Councillor B. like a glove-' May rebuffs meet one; not to observe is the best contempt.' It is sad to think that a volume so choke-full of wit and wisdom should have been ' referred to the Legislative Committee.' Apro1pos of the question recently discuss ed by tile Carlton branch of the Australian Natives' Association-Are young Aus tralians (male) disposed to marry 1 A young gumsicker named Smith, who was before the Flemington court on Tuesday, would, we should say, he inclined to reply in the affirmative. At all events, hr Siith appears to have taken the matrimonial plunge without ia moment's hesitation. And not only did he get married, but he incurred a lot of other responsibilites (with the local store keepers) at one and the same time. It seemed from the evidence that this plucky young Native was absolutely without means when lie entered the tmatimonial state (and the ledgers of the district groct rs), hut thet lie hadl 'a promise of iemtploytment,' and thought lie would be justified iin chancing it. It was not explained whether the Parson was paid for uniting Mfr and hits Smith, but we may reasonably assumte that the bride. grl'nill luianigled that part of the business, also ' on thle nod.' 