T i e Ingoldsby Legends. Br THOMAS ISGOLDSBT, ESQ. THE SPECTRE OF TAPPUfGTOK. m have "IT is very odd, though; orth^ as became of them !" said Charles Sei sliiohed he peeped under the valance of an otafl Wstead.in an old-fashioned (dill more old-fashioned monotSiMBS: confoundedly odd, and I can't mate it out at nil. -Why. Barney, where are they? —and where the d—1 are you ?" ! No answer was returned to this appeal; and ihe lieutenant, who was, in the main, a reasonable pereon—at least as reasonable a pereon as any young gentleman of twenty-two in the service" old fairly be expected to be—cooled when he reflected that his servant could scarcely reply extempore to a summons which it was impossible he should hear. 4n application to the bell was the considerate result; and the footsteps of as tight a lad as ever put pipe-clay to belt sounded along the gallery. " Come in !" said bis master. An ineffectual attempt upon the door reminded Mr. Seaforth that he had locked himself in. " By Heaven ! this is the oddest thing of all," said he, as he turned tbe key and admitted Mr. Manure into hie dormitory. " Barney, where aie my pantaloons ? " Is it the breeches ?" asked the valet, casting an inquiring eye round the apartment; " is it the breeches, sir?" " Yes • what have you done with them ?* " Sure then your honour had them on when tou went to bed, and it's hereabout they'll be, I'll be bail;" and Barney lifted a fashionable tunic from a cane-backed arm-chair, proceeding in his examination. But the search was vain: there was the tunic aforesaid; there was a stoat-Hooking kerseymere waistcoat; but the most important article in a gentleman's wardrobe was soil wanting. " Where can they be ?" asked the master, with a strong accent on the auxiliary verb. " Sorrow a know I knows," said the man. " It must have been the devil, then, after all, who has been here and carried them off 1" cried Seaforth, staring full into Barney's face. Mr. Maguire was not devoid of the superstition of his countiymen, but he looked as if he did not subscribe to the sequitur. His master read incredulity in his countenance. " Why, I tell you, Barney, I put them there, on that arm-chair, when I got into bed; and, by Heaven ! I distinctly saw the ghost of the old fellow they told me of, come in at midnight, put on roy pantaloons, and walk away with them." " May be so," was the cautious reply. " I thought, of course, it was a dream ; but then—where the d—1 are the breeches ? " The question was more easily asked than answered. Barney renewed his search, while the lieutenant folded his arms, and, leaning against the toilet, sunk into a reverie. "After all, it must he some trick of my laughter*loving cousins." said Seaforth. "Ah! then, the ladies!" chimed in Mr. Maguire, though the observation was not addressed to him; " and will it be Hiss Caroline or Miff Fanny that's stole your honour's things ?" " I hardly know what to think of it," pursued the bereaved lieutenant, still speaking in soliloquy, with his eye resting dubiously on the chamber-door. " I locked myself in, that's certain ; and—but there must be some other "entrance to the room—poohl I remember— the private staircase ; haw could I be such a fool ? " and he crossed the chamber to where a low oaken doorcase was dimly visible in a distant corner. He paused before it. Nothing now interfered to screen it from observation ; but it bore tokens of baring been at some earlier period concealed by tapestry, remains of which yet clothed the walls on either side the portal, "This way they must have come," SBid Seaforth ; " 1 wish with all my heart I bad caught them!" " Och! the kittens 1" sighed Mr. Barney Maguire. But the mystery was yet as far from being solved as before. True, there was the "other door;" but then that, too, on examination, was even more firmly secured than tbe one which opened on tbe gallery,—two heavy bolts on the inside effectually prevented any coup de main on the lieutenant's bivouac from that quarter. He was more puzzled than ever ; nor did the minutest inspection of tbe walls and floor throw any light opon the . .mfrjifct.,- ffllft. .thing or,'y-was dear,—the breeches were gone! "It is very angular/' said the lieutenant. Tappington ^generally called Tapton) Everard is an antiquated but commodious manorhouse in the eastern division of the county of Kent. A former proprietor bad been Highsheriff in the days of Elizabeth, and many a dark and dismal tradition was yet extant of the licentiousness of his life, and the enormity of his offences. The Glen, whicb the keeper's daughter was seen to enter, but sever known to quit, still frowns darkly SB of yore; while an ineradicable bloodstain on the oaken stair yet bids defiance to the united energies of soap and sand. But it is with one particular apartment that a deed of more especial atrocity is said to be connected. A stranger guest—so runs tLe legend—arrived unexpectedly at the mansion of the " Bid Sir GileE." They met io apparent friendship ; but the ill-concealed scowl on their master's brow told the domestics that the visit was not a welcome one! the banquet, however, was not spared ; the wine-cup circulated freely,— too freely, perhaps,—for soundB of discord at length reached the ears of even the excluded serving-men, aa they were doing their best to imitate their betters in the lower hall. Alarmed, some of them ventured to approach thiiparlour;one,anoldandfavoured retainerof the house, went so far as to break in upon bis master's privacy. Sir Giles, already high in oath, fiercely enjoined his absence, and he Tetired ; not, however, before he had distinctly heard from tbe stranger's lips a menace that " There was that within his pocket which could disprove the knight's right to issue that or any other command within the walls of Tapton." The intrusion, though momentary, seemed to have produced a beneficial effect; the voices of the disputants fell, and the conversation was carried on thenceforth in a more subdued tone, till, as evening closed in, tbe domestics, when summoned to attend with lights, found not only cordiality restored, but that a still deeper carouse was meditated. Fresh stnups, and from the choicest binB, were produced; nor was it till at a late or rather early hour, that the revellers sought their chambers. The one alloted to the stranger occupied the first floor of the tastern angle of the building and had once been the favourite apartment of Sir Giles himself. Scandal asenbed this preference to the facility which A private staircase, communicating with the grounds, had afforded hiin, in the old knight's feme of following his wicked courses tinchecked by parental observation ; a consideration which ceased to be of weight when tbe death of his father left him uncontrolled master of his estate and actions. From that penodSirGiU Had established himself in what were called the " state apartments," and the oaken chamber" was rarely tenanted, save on occasions of extraordinary festivity, or when the yule log drew an unusually large accession cf guests around the Christmis hearth. On this eventful night it was prepared for the unknown visitor, who sought his couch heated and inflamed from his midnight orgies, and in the morning was found in his bed 4 swollen and blackened corpse. No marks of violence appeared upon the bbdy; but the livid hue of the lips, and ^ ^ coloured spots Visible on the skin, aroused suspicions which those who entertained them were too timid to express. Apoplexy, induced by the excises of the preceding night, Sir Giles cunfidential leech pronounced to be the cause of bis sudden dissolution. The body was buned in peace; and though some shook. their heads as they witnessed the haste with whidi the funeral rites were hurried on, none ventured to murmur. Other events arose to distract the attention of the retainere - men's minds became occupied by the stirring politics of the day; while the near approadi of that formidable Armada, so vainly arrogating to itself a title which the very elements joined with human valour to disprove, soon interfered to weaken, if not obliterate, all remembrance of the nameless stranger who had died within the walls of Tapton Everard. Tears rolled on: the "Bad Sir Giles" had himself long ana, sone to his account the last, as it was believed, of Ma immediate line: though a few of the older -Mnemw watf^oni®times heard to speak of an"elder brother jvfcp had disappeared in early life, and:never inherited the estate. Humours, "too, jof Jiis having leftn son in foreign .lands, were at tone* time rife; bat they died away, nofbmg-oocnring to support them: the property pasted unchallenged to a collateral branch t>f the family, and the secret, if secret there-Were, was buried in Denton drarchyard, in 'the lonely grave «£ the mysterious stranger. One cir- cumstance alone occurred, after a long-intervening period, to revive the memoryof these transactions. Some workmen employed in grubbing an old plantation, for the purpose of raising on its site a modem 6brubbery, dug up, in the execution of their task, the mildewed remnants of wfca£_^emed to have been once a-<»anned£^On^]aore minute inspection, enough rettl^iofed pE silken slashes aTr^a eoaifse embroidery, to identify the relics as ha vm ponce formed mart of impair of trunk hose while a lew ropers whic^ fell from the^.atx^tbBr^il^ble from^aTnp and age, were '^fhe'unlearn^iuBtiratscpveyed to the then owner of the estafcet^!^^ Whether the squire was more successful in deciphering them was never known; he certainly never alluded to their contents; and little would have been thought of the matter but for tbe inconvenient memory of one old woman, who declared she heard her grandfather say, that when the " stranger guest" was poisoned, though all the rest of his clothes were there, his breeches, the supposed repository of tbe supposed documents, could never be found. The master of Tapton Everard smiled when he heard Dame Jones's hint of deeds which might impeach the validity of his own title in favour of some unknown descendant of some unknown lieir ; aud the story was rarely alluded to, Eave by one or two miraclemongers, who had beard that others had seen the ghost of old Sir Giles, in his night-cap, issue from the postern, enter the adjoining copse, end wring his shadowy hands in agony, as be seemed to search vainly for something hidden amongst the erei°greens. The stranger's death-room had, of course, been occasionally haunted from the time of Iris decease'; but the periods of visitation had latterly become very rare—even Mrs. Botherby, the housekeeper, being forced to admit that, during her long sojourn at the m&oor;, she had never " met with anything worse than herself; " though, as the old lady afterwards-added upon more mature reflection, "1 must say I think I saw the devil once." Such was tbe legend attached to Tapton Everard, and such the story which the lively Caroline Ingoldsby detailed to her equally mercurial cousin Charles Seaforth, lieutenant in the Hon. East India Company's second regiment of Bombay Fencibles, as arm-in-arm they promenaded a gallery decked with some dozen grim-looking ancestral portraits, and, among others, with that of the redoubted Sir Giles himself. The gallant commander had that very morning paid his fust visit to the house of bis maternal uncle, after an absence of several years passed with his regiment on the arid plains of Hindostau, whence he was now returned on a three years' furlough. He had gone out a boy—he returned a man ; but tbe impression made upon his youthful fancy by his favourite cousin remained unimpaired, and to Tapton he directed his steps, even before he sought the home of his widowed mother—comforting himself in this breach of filial decorum by the reflection that, as tbe manor was so little out of his way, it would be unkind to pass, as it were, the door of his relatives, without just looking in for a few hou re. But he found his uncle as hospitable^, and his cousin more charming than ever; and the looks of one, and the requests of the other, soon precluded the possibility of refusing to lengthen the few hours" into a few days, though the house was at the moment full of visitors. The Peterses were there from Bamsgate; and Mr., Mrs., and the two Miss Simpkinsons, from Bath, had come to pass a month with the family ; and Tom Ingoldsby had brought down his college friend the Honourable Augustus Sucklethumbkin, with his groom and pointers, to take a fortnight's shooting. And then there was Mrs. Ogleton, the rich young widow, with her large black eyes, who, people did say, was setting her cap at tbe young squire, though Mrs. Botherby did not believe it-; and, above all, there was Made-' moiselle Pauline, her femme de chambrc, who " man Dicii'd " eveiything and everybody, arid cried " Qud horreur!" at Mrs. Botherby's cap. Iii short, to use the last-named and muchrespected lady's own expression, the house was " choke-full" to the very attics—all save the "oaken chamber," whicb, as the lieutenant expressed a most magnanimous disregard of ghosts, was forthwith appropriated to his particular accommodation. Mr. Maguire meanwhile was fain to share the apartment of Oliver Dobbs, the squire's own man : a jocular proposal of joint occupancy having been first indignantly rejected by " Mademoiselle," though preferred with the " laste taste in life " of Mr Barney's most insinuating brogue. " Come, Charles, the um is absolutely getting cold; your breakfast will be quite spoiled; what can have made you so idle ? " Such was the morning salutation of Miss Ingoldsby to the vliHUiirc as he entered tbe breakfast-ioom half-an*hour after the latest of the party. "A pretty gentleman, truly, to make an appointment with," chimed in Mies Frances. " What is to become of our ramble to .the rocks before breakfast ?" " Oh! the young men never think of keeping a promise now," said Mrs. Peters, a little ferret-faced woman with underdone eyeB. ""When I was a young man," said Mr. Peter?, "I remember I always made a point of " " Pray how long ago was that? " asked Mr. Simpkinson from Bath. " Wby, sir, when I married Mrs. Peters, I was—let me see—I was " " Do pray hold your tongue, P., and eat your breakfast! " interrupted his better half, who had a mortal horror of chronological references ; "it's very rude to tease people with your fa roily affaire." The lieutenant bad by this time taken his seat in silence—a good-humoured nod, and a glance, half-smiling, half-inquisitive, being the extent of his salutation. Smitten as he was, and in the immediate presence of her who had made so large a hole in his heart, his manner was evidently distrait, which the fair Caroline in her secret scul attributed to his being solely aocupied by her agr&ncns;: how would she have bridled had she known that they only, shared his meditations with a pair of breeches! Charles drank his coffee and spiked some half-dozen eggs, darting occasionally a penetrating glance at the ladies, in hope of detecting the supposed waggery by the evidence of some furtive smile or conscious look. But in vain; not a dimple moved indicative to roguery, nor did tbe slightest elevation of eyebrow rise confirmative of his suspicions. Hints and insinuations passed unheeded— more particular inquiries were out of the question:—the subject was unapproachable. In the meantime, " patent cords " were just the thing for a morning's ride ; and, breakfast ended, away cantered the party over the downs, till, every faculty absorbed by the beauties, animate and. inanimate, which surrounded him, (Lieutenant Seaforth, of She Bombay Fencibles, bestowed no more thought upon his breeches than if he had been bora on tbe top of Ben Lomond. Another nigbi had passed away; the sun rose brilliantly, forming with his level beams a splendid rainbow in the far-ofi west, whither the heavy cloud, which for tbe last two hours had been pouring its waters on the earth, was now flying before him. "Ah ! then, and it's little good it'll be the claning -of ye," -apostrophised Mr. .Barney Maguire, as he deposited, in front of hie master's toilet, a pair of " bran-new " jockey boots, one of Hoby's primest fits, which the lieutenant had purchased in his way -through town. On that very morning had they come for the first time under the valet's depurating band, so little.soiled, indeed, from the turfy ride of the preceding day, that a less scrupulous domestic might, perhaps, have considered the application of " Warren's Matchless," or oxalic acid, altogether superfluous. Not so Barney: with the nicest care had he removed the slightest Impurity from each p61ished surface, and there they stood, rejoicing in their sable radiance. No wonder a pang shot across Mr. Haguire's breast, as he thought on the worknow cutoutfor them, so differentfrom the light labours of the day before; no wonder he murmured with & sigh, as the scarce dried window-pane! disclosed a road now inch-deep in mud. f Ah 1 then, it's little good the claning of ye ! "—for well had he learned in the hall below that eight miles of a stiff clay soil lay between the manor and Bolsover Abbey, whoBe picturesque ruins, "like ancient Bomc, majestic in decay," the party had determined. to explore. The master had already commenced dressing,-and the man was fitting .straps upon a light pair of crane-necked spurs, when his hand was arrested by the-old question — "Barney, where are the breeches ! " They were nowhere to -be found 1 • : A Mr. SeelorLh descended ihatmormng, whip injbuid,'«] -— : —Bd ill arbaudsome greet jtd^g-frodt, ... breaches and to tao^i^^wjofcfi^uW^au^to™! ranbr»oea;»omJewbj£l£cbn^ man,™* MS ^tmWt jdoSl^" yesterday's pantaloon mtfesnt without leaVe. j The fop-boots" had6hohdky. % "A fine morning afterthewin," tsudWii' fiimpkiuBon from Bath. "Just the thing for the 'ops," said Mr. Peters. I remember when I was a boy " "Do hold your tongue, P.," said Mrs. Peters—advice winch that exemplary matron was in the constant habit of administering to " her P.," as she called him, whenever he prepared to rent his reminiscences. Her precise reason for this it would be difficult to determine, unless, indeed, the story be true Vfcich A>Jittls "hirdMiad^wlmpered .-'Sato. Sirs!' iBotherby's ear—Mr. [Peters, though Wealthy man.-Jiad received® libferal^ducation at.^chanty school, nrid v^a japt to! ;recur to Uto da^rhisNiiuffijircap and leathers. As usual, he took bis wife's hint in^mi^part, and " paused in his reply." " A glorious day for the ruins," said young Ingoldsby. " But Charles, what the deuce are you about? Tou don't mean to ride through our lanes in such togspry as that ? " " Lassy me I" said Miss Julia SimpHnsonj ** won s t you be very wet ? " " You had better take Tom's cab," quoth the squire. But this proposition was at once overruled J Mrs. Ogleton. had already nailed the cab, a vehicle of all others the best adapted for a snug flirtation. ' Or drive JGss Julia in the phaeton ?" No ; that was the post of Mr. Peters, who, indifferent as an equestrian, had acquired some fame as a whip while travelling through the midland counties for the firm of Bagshaw, Snivelby, and Glirimes. " Thank you, I shall ride with my cousins," said Charles, with as. much mondtahincc as he could assume—-and he did eo; Mr. Ingoldsby, Mrs. Peters, Mr. Simpkinson from Bath, and his eldest daughter with her album* following in tbe family coach. The .gentleman-commoner "voted the affair d—d slow," and declined the party altogether.in favour of the gamekeeper and a cigar. "There was 'no fun ' in looking at. old houses.!" -Sirs. Simpkinson preferred la short stfour .in the stillroom with Mrs. Botherby, who bad promised to initiate. her. in that grand arcanum, the transmutation of gooseberry jam into Guava. jelly. "Did you ever see an old abbey before, Mr. Peters ? " " Yes, miss, a' French one ; we have got one at Jlamsgate ; he teaches tbe Miss Joneses to parley-voo, and is turned of sixty." Miss Simpkinson closed her album with an air of ineSable disdain. Mr. Simpkinson from Bath was a professed antiquary, and one of the first water ; he was master of Gwillim's Heraldry, and Mills's History of the Crusades ; knew every plate in the Monasticon; had written an essay on the origin and dignity of the office of overseer, and settled the date of a Queen Anne's farthing. An influential member of the Antiquarian Society, to whose "Beauties of Bagnigge Wells" he had been a liberal subscriber, procured him a seat at the board of that learned body, since which happy epoch SylvanuB Urban had not a more indefatigable correspondent. His inaugural essay on the President's cocked hat was considered miracle of erudition ; and his account of the earliest application of gilding to gingerbread, a masterpiece of antiquarian research. His eldest daughter was of a kindred spirit: if her father's mantle bad not fallen upon her, it was only because he had not thrown it off himself ; she had caught hold of its tail, however, while it yet bung upon bis honoured shoulders. To souls so congenial, what a sight was the magnificent ruin of Bolsover! its broken arches, its mouldering pinnacles, and the airy tracery of its half-demolished windows. The party were io raptures; Mr. Simpkinson began to meditate an essay, and his daughter an ode ; even 'Seaforth, as he.gazed ou these lonely relics of the olden lime, was betrayed into a momentary forgetfulnessof his love and losses ; the widow's eye-glass turned from her dcitbeo't whiskers to tbe mantling ivy ; Mrs. Peters wiped her spectacles; and " her P." supposed the central tower "had once been the county jail.'': The squire was a philosopher, and had been there often before, so he ordered out the cold tongue and chickens. " Bolsover Priory," said Mr. Simpkinson, with the air of a connoisseur—Bolsover Prioiy was founded in the reign of Henry the Sixth, about the beginning of the eleventh century. Hugh de 'Bolsover had accompanied that monarch to the Holy Land, in the expedition undertaken by way of penance for the murder of his yonng nephews in the Tower. Upon the dissolution of the monasteries, the veteran was enfeoffed in the lands and manor, to which he gave his own name of Bowlsover, or Bee-owU-over (by corruption Bolsover)—a Bee in chief, over three Owls, all proper, being tbe armorial ensigns borne by this distinguished crusader at the siege of Acre." "Ah ! that was Sir Sydney Smith," said Mr. Peters ; " I've heard tell of him, and all about Mrs. Partington, and " " P. be quiet, and don't expose yourself 1 " sharply interrupted bis lady. P. was sQenoed, and betook himself to the bottled stout. These lands," continued the antiquary, "were held in grand serjeantiy by the presentation of three white owls and a pot of honey " " Lassy me! how nice !" said Miss Julia. Mr. Peters licked his lips. " Pray give me leave, my dear—owls and honey, whenever tbe king' should come a ratcatching into this part of the country." " Rat-catching 1" ejaculated the squire, pausing abruptly in the mastication of a drumstick. " To be sure, my dear sir : don't you remember that rats once came under the forest laws—a minor species of venison ? ' Bats and mice, and such Email deer,' eh *^~Shakspeare, you know. Our ancestors ate rats ;" ("The nasty fellowB 1" shuddered Miss Julia, in a parenthesis) "and owls, you know, are capital mouEsrs " " I've seen a how]," said Mr. Peters ; " there's one in the Sohological Gardens,—a little hook- noBed chap in a wig—only its feathers and—•—" ~ Poor P. was destined never to a speech. "Do be quiet!" cried the authoritative voice; and the would-be' naturalist shrank into his shell like a snail in the "Sohological Gardens." "You should raid Blounfs 'Jocular Tenures," Mr. Ingoldsby," pursued Simpkinson. " A learned man was Blount! Why, sir. Hip Royal Highness the Duke of York once paid a silver horse-shoe to Lord Ferrers " I've heard of him," broke in the incorrigible Peters ; " he was hanged at the Old Bailey in a silk rope for shooting Dr. Johnson." The antiquary vouchsafed no notice of the interruption; but, taking a pinch of snuf£ continued his harangue. "A silver horse-shoe, sir, which is due from every scion of royalty who rides across one of his manors ; and, if you look into the penny county histories, now publishing by an "mi. nent friend of mine, you will find that Langhale^ in Co. NorL, was held, by one Baldwin per solium, mfflaium, et peUum; that is, he was to come every Christmas into Westminster Hall, there to take a leap, cry hem! and " " Mr. Simpkinson, a glasB of Bherry 3" cried Tom Ingoldsby, hastily. " Not any, thank you, sir. This Baldwin, surnamed Le " _ " Airs. Ogleton challenges you, sir; she insists upon it," said Tom, still more rapidly, at the same time filling-a glass, and forcing it on the »povant, who, thus arrested in the very crisis of his narrative, received and swallowed the potation as if it had been phyac. • " WhAt on earth has Miss Simpkinson die- - covered there ? " continued Tom : "something of interest. See bow-fast she is writing." The diversion was effectual; every one looked towards Miss Simpkinson, who, far too ethereal for "creature comforts," was seated apart on the .dilapidated; remains of an .altar-; tomb, committing eagerly to paper something: that bad strongly impressed her; the airthe eye in a fine freuzy rolling, all betokened that tbe divine afflatus was c ime. Her father rose, < and stole silently towards her.. "What an old boar!" muttered young: Ingoldsby ; alluding, perhaps, to a slice of brawn which be had just begun to operste < upon, but which, from the celerity with which - it disappeared, did not seem so very difficult of mastication. But what had: become. of Seaforth and his fair -Caroline all this while ? Why, it so hap- - pened that they had been simultaneously stricken with the picturesque appearance of. ons jof; those high and pointed arches,"whicb that eminent antiquary, Mr. Horseley Curties, bas described in his "Ancient-Records," as ''a Gothic window of the Saxon orderand (then the ivy clustered so thickly and so beautifully on the other side, that they went round to look at that;-and then their proxitnity depnved it of half its effect," and so they valked across to a little knoll, a' hundred -yards off, and m crossing a small ravine, they-came to what in Ireland they call "a bad-step;" and Charles had to cany his cousin over- itfiabd *hen»then they fcad ito come ba(±;*>he iwoiild TlOttoiv. " Lassy me!" said Miss Julia Simpkinson, " how iong you have been gone!" And so they had. The remark was a very just as well as a very natural one. They were gone a long while, and a nice cosy chat they had : and what do you think it was all about, my dear miss ? t "0, lassy me! love, no douSt^and the moon, and eyes, and nightingales, and" iStay, stay| my sweet yqunglady, 4o.not the fervour of. your feelings £un awafc with: you ? I do not pretend to tay, fndfea, jtliafc one or more Of these] jBubjects might' not have been'iLtrodbeed yTiul' tbiNngA im^ portant nnd leading topic of the coiifereiTce was—Lieutenant Senforth's breeches. •' Caroline," said Charles, " I have had some very odd dreams 6ince I have been at Tappington." " Dreams, hive you ?" smiled the young lady, archiog her taper neck like a swau iu pluming. " Dreams, have you ? " "Ay, dreams,—or dream, perhaps, I should say; for, though repeated, it was still the same. And what do you imagine was its subject? " "It is impossible for me to divine," said the tongue ;—" I have not the least difficulty in guessing," said the eye, as plainly as ever eye spoke. "I dreamt of—your greatgrandfather ? " There was a change in the glance—"My great, grandfather I" " Yes, the old Sir Giles, or Sir John, you told me about the other day: he walked into my bedroom in bis short cloak of murreycoloured velvet, his long rapier, and bis Raleigh-looking hat and feather, just as the picture represents liim; but with one exception.* " And what was that ? " " Why, his lower extremities, which were visible, were those of a skeleton." "Well!" "Well, after taking a turn or two about the room, and looking round with a wistful air, became to tbe bed's foot, stared at me in a manner impossible to describe,—and then he—he laid hold of my pantaloons ; whipped his long bony legs into them in a twinkling; and strutting up to the glass, seemed to view himself in it with great complacency. I tried to speak, but in vain. The eff.a-t, however seemed to excite his attention ; for wheeling about, he showed me the grimmest-looking death's head you can well imagine, and with an indescribable grin strutted out of the room." Absurd! Charles. How can you talk such nonsense S" " But, Caroline,—the breeches are really gone." On the following morning, contrary to his usual custom, Seaforth was the first person in tbe breakfast-parlour. As no one else was present, he did precisely what nine yonng men out of ten so situated would have done ; he walked up to the mantel-piece, established himself upon the rug, and subducting hie coattails one under each arm. turned towards the fire that portion of the human frame which it is considered equally indecorous to present to a friend or an enemy. A serious, not to say anxious, expression was visible upon his good-humoured countenance, and his mouth was fast buttoning itself up for an incipient whistle, when littie Flo, a tiny spaniel of the Blenheim breed,—the pet object of Mies Julia Simpkinson's affections,—bounced out from beneath a sofa, and began to bark at— bis pantaloons. They were cleverly " built," of a lightgrey mixture, a broad stripe of the most vivid scarlet traversing each seam in a perpendicular direction from hip to ankle—in short, the regimental costume of the Boyal Bombay Fencibles The animal, educated in the country, had never seen such a pair of breeches in her life—Omnc ignotum pro ma/piijico I The scarlet streak, inflamed as it was by the reflection of the fire, seemed to act on Flora's nerves as the same colour does on those of bulls and turkeys; she advanced at the pas de charge, and her vociferation, like her amazement, was unbounded. A sonnd kick from the disgusted officer changed it character, and induced a retreat at the very moment when the mistress of the pugnacious quadruped entered to tbe rescue. " Lassy me ! Flo, what it tbe matter ? " cried the sympathizing lady, with a scrutinizing glance levelled at the gentleman It might as well have lighted on a featherbed. His air of imperturbable unconsciousness defied examination; and as he would not, and Flora could not, expound, that injured individual was compelled to pocket up her wrongs. Others of the household soon dropped in, and clustered round the board dedicated to the most sociable of meals ; the urn waB paraded "hiBsing hot," and the cups which "cheer, but not inebriate." steamed redolent of byson and pekoe; muffins and marmalade, newspapers and Finnon haddies, left ittle room for observation on the character of Charles's warlike " turn-out." At length a look from Caroline, followed by a smile that nearly ripened to a titter, caused him to turn abruptly and address his neighbour. It waB Miss Simpkinson, who, deeply engaged in sipping her tea and turning over her album, seemed, like a female Chrononotonthologos, " immersed in cogibundity of cogitation.'* An interrogatoiy on the subject of her studies drew from her the confession that she was at that moment employed in putting the finishing touches to a poem inspired by the romantic shades of Bolsover. The entreaties of the company were of course urgent. Mr. Peters, who "liked verses," was especially persevering, and Sappho at length compliant. After a preparatory hem ! and a glance at the mirror to ascertain that her look was sufficiently sentimental, the poetess began :— " There is a calm, a holy- feeling. Vulgar minds can never know. O'er the bosom softly stealing,— Chasten'd grief, delicious ftvoe! .. Oh l how sweet at eve regaining Yon lone tower's sequester*d shade— Sadly mute and uncomplaining " —Yow!—yeough 1—yeough !—yow ! —yow ! yelled a hapless sufferer from beneath the table. It was an unlucky hour for quadrupeds; and if "every dog will have his day," he could not have selected a more unpropiuous one than this. Mrs. Ogleton, too, had a pet—a favourite pug — whose squab figure, black muzzle, and tortuosity of tail, that curled like a head of celery in a salad-bdwl, bespoke his Dutch extraction. Yow ! yow ! yow! continued tbe brute — a chorus' in which Flo instantly joined. Sooth to say, pug had more reason to express his dissatisfaction than was given him by the muse of Simpkinson ; the other only barked for company. Scarcely had the poetess got through her first stanza, when Tom Ingoldsby, in the enthusiasm of the moment, became so lost to the material world, that, in bis abstraction, he unwarily laid his band on the cock of the urn. - Quivering with emotion, he gave it such an unlucky twist, that the full stream of its scalding contents descended ou the gingerbread bide of the unlucky Cupid. The confusion was complete; the whole economy of the table disarranged tile company broke up in most admired disorder—and vulgar minds will never know " anything more of Miss Simpkinson's ode till they peruse it in some forthcoming Annual. Seaforth profited by the confusion to take the delinquent who had caused this "strainash" by the arm, and to lead bim to the lawn, where he had a word or two for his private ear. The conference between the young gentlemen waB neither brief in -its duration nor unimportant in its result. The subject was what the lawyers call tripartite, embracing the information that Charles Seaforth was over head and ears in love with Tom Iugoldsby's sister ; secondly, that the lady had referred him to "papa" for his sanction^; thirdly'and lastly, his nightly visitations aud consequent bereavement. At the two first items Tom smiled auspiciously—at the last he burst out into an absolute " guffaw." "Steal your breeches! Hiss Bailey over again, by Jove!" shouted Ingoldsby. "But a'gentleman, you say—and Sir Giles too. 1 am not sure, Charles, whether I ought not to call you out for -aspersing the honour' of the family." 1 ~ Laugh as you will, Tom—be as incredulous as you please. 'One fact is incontestable— the -breeches' are gone! Look here—I am reduced to my regimentals: and if these go to-morrow I-muet borrow nf you!" ' Eochfoucault eaye. there is something in the' -misfortunes of our • very "best friends tha* •does not'displease us : certainly we can most of as, laugh at their-petty inconveniences ' till called upon to -cupply them: Tom compoeed ius features on the instant • and replied with more gravity, us well^as with' an expression. which, if my Lord -Mayor had tieen within hearing, might have -cost him five There is something very queer m this .alter all. The clothes. , you say. ihave positively'-disappeared.- -{somebody -fs playing' jou a tnck i and. teh to. one. Jour 'tervant' {has*hand>mit. "By<theway. IheaxdflomeithSng yesterday -of tie ^kicking *ip a Jobbery in loquacity obviously circumscribed, and that he, tbe said lieutenant, bad actually rung bis bell three several times that very morning before he could procure his attendance. Mr. Maguire was forthwith summoned, and underwent a close examination. The 4< bobbery " "as easily explained, ^klf. Oliver Dobbs had tinted bisdisapprobatioirof a^irtation carjy- ^ng on betweenthe jgen tlein anfro m Munst^r, and the Lady-from the Rue'St. Honor&' ^fademoiselle^boEed Air. Maguire*s ears, and Mr. Maguire pulled Mademoiselle upon bis knee, and thV^ady\did not <oy Mon D'uul And Mr. Oliver Dobbs said it was very wrong; and Mrs. Botherby said it was scancaloua, and what ought not to be done in any moral kitchen ; and Mr. Maguire had got hold of the Honourable Augustus Sucklethumbkiu's powder-flask, and had put large pinches of the best double Dartford into Mr. Dobbs's tobaccobox ; andMr. Dobbs's pipe bad exploded, and set fire to Mrs. Botherby's Sunday cap ; and Mr. Maguire had put it out with tbe slophasin, *• barring the wig;" and then they were all so "cantankerous," that Barney had gone to tike a walk iu the garden ; and then —then Mr. Barney had seen a ghost! "A what? you blockheid ! ".asked Tom Ingoldsby. " Sure, then, and it's meEelf will tell your honour the rights of it," said the ghost- seer. " Mi-self and Miss Pauline, sir,—or Miss Pauline and meself. for the ladies come first any how,—we got tired of the bolistroppylous skrimmaging among the ould servants, that didn't know a joke when they seen .one : and we went out to look at the comet,—that's tbe Roiy Bory-alehouse, they calls him in this country—and we walked upon the lawn,— and divel of any alehouse there was there at all; and Miss Pauline said it was becase of the shrubbery may be, and why wouldn't we see it better beyonst the trees ? and so we went to-the trees, but sorrow a comet did meself see there, barring a big ghost instead of it." "A ghost? And what sort of a ghost, Barney ? " " Och, then, divel a lie I'll tell your honour. A tall ould gentleman he was, all in white, with a shovel on his shoulder, and a big torch in his fist,—though what he wanted with that it's meself em't tell, for his eyes were like giir-lamps, let alone the moon and the comet, which wasn't there at all: and ' Barney,' says he to me,—'cause why be knew me,— ' Barney,' says he, ' what is it your'e doing with the colleen there, Barney 1'—Divel a word did I say. Miss Pauline screeched, and cried murther in French, and ran oS with herself; and of course meself was in a mighty hurry after the lady, and had no time to stop palavering with bim any way: so I dispersed at once, and the ghost vanished in a flame of fire 1" Mr. Maguire's account was received with avowed incredulity by both gentlemen ; but Barney stuck to his text with unflinching pertinacity. A reference to Mademoiselle was suggested, but abandoned, as neither party had a taste for delicate investigations. "Fll tell you what, Seaforth," said Ingoldsby after Barney had reciived his dismissal, " that there is a trick here, is evident; and Barney's vision may possibly be a part of it. Whether he is most knave or fool, you best know. At all events, I will sit up with yon to-night, and see if I can convert my ancestor into a visiting acquaintance. Meanwhile, yonr finger on your lip ! " " *Twas now the very witching time of night, "Wlien churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead." Gladly would I grace my tala with decent horror, and therefore I do beseech the " gentle reader " to believe, that if all the zuccedanea to this mysterious narrative are not in strict keeping, he will ascribe it only to tbe disgraceful innovations of modern degeneracy upon the sober and dignified habits of our ancestors. I can introduce him, it is true, into an old and high-roofed chamber, its walls covered on three sides with black oak wainscoting, adorned with carvings of fruit and flowers long anterior to those of Grinling Gibbons ; the fourth side is clothed with a curious remnant of dingy tapestry, once elucidatory of some Scriptural history, but of which, not even Mrs. Botherby could determine. Mr. Simpkinson, who had examined it carefully, inclined to believe the principal figure to be either Bathsheba, or Daniel in tha lions' den ; while Tom Ingoldsby decided in favour of the king of Bashan. All, however, waB conjecture, tradition being silent on the subject. A lofty arched portal led into, and a little arched portal led out of, this apartment; they were opposite each other, and both possessed the security of massy bolts on the interior. The bedstead, too, was not one of yesterday, but manifestly coeval with days ere Seddons was, anil when a good four-post "article ' was deemed worthy of being a royal bequest. The bed itself, with all the appurtenances of p&llasse;, mattresses, &c.;, was of far later date, and looked most incongruously comfortable ; the casements, too, with their little diamond-shaped panes and iron binding, had given way to the modern heterodoxy of the sash-window. Nor was this all that conspired to ruiu the costume, and render the room a meet haunt for such " mixed spirits " only as could condescend to don at tha same time an Elizabethan doublet and Bond-street inexpressibles. With their green morocco slippers on a modern -fender, in front of a idisgracefully modern grate, sat two young gentlemen, clad in *' shawl-pattern " dressing-gowns and black alk stocks, much at variance with the high cane-backed chairs which supported them. A bunch of abomination, called a cigar, reeked in the left-hand corner of the mouth of one, and in the right-hand corner of the mouth of the other—an arrangement happily adapted for the escape of the noxious fumes up the chimney, without that unmerciful " funking " each other, which a less scientific disposition would have induced. A small pembruke table filled up tbe intervening epace between them, sustaining, at each extremity, an elbow and a glass of toddy; and thus in " lonely pensive contemplation " were the two worthies occupied, when tbe " iron tongue of midnight had tolled twelve." " Ghost time's come!" said Ingoldsby, taking from his waistcoat pocket a watch like a gold half-crown, and consulting it as though be suspected the turret-clock over the stables of mendacity. Hush! " said Charles; "did I not hear a footstep ? " There was a pause—there was a footstepit sounded distinctly—it reached the door— it hesitated, stopped, aud passed on. Tom darted across the room, threw open the door, and became aware of Mrs. Botherby toddling to her chamber, at tbe other , end of the gallery,. after dosing one of the housemaids with an approved julep from the Countess of Kent's " Choice Manual.' " Good-night, sir ! " said Mrs. Botherby. " Go to the d—11" said the disappointed ghost-hunter. • An hour—two—rolled on, and still no spectral visitation ; nor did aught intervene to make night hideous ; and when the turretclock sounded at length the hour of three, Ingoldsby, whose patience and grog were alike exhausted, sprang from his chair, saying,— " This is all infernal nonsense, my good fellow. Deuce of any ghost shall we see .tonight ; it's long past the canonical hour. Fm off to bed; and as to your breeches, I'll insure them for twenty-four hours at least, at the price of the buckram." "Certainly. Oh! thank'e—to be sure !" stammered Charles, rousing himself from a reverie, which had degenerated into an absolute snooze. " Good-night; my boy! Bolt the door behind me; and defy the Pope, the Devil, and the Pretender!" - Seaforth followed Ins -friend's advice, and the next morning came down to breakfast dressed in the habiliments of the preceding day. The charm was broken, the demon defeated; the light greys with the Ted stripe down the * earns were yet in renzm natwd, and adorned, the person of their lawful proprietor. Tom felicitated himsdf and his partner of the watch on tiie result of their vigilance; -'but there is a rustic adage, • which warns 1 us against eelf-gratulation before we are -quite "cut of the wood. Seaforth was yet within its verge. . • A'rap at Tom Ingoldsby a door the next mormug startled him as he was shaving—he cut his chin. ~~ Come m. and be'd—d to yen !" said the martyr, pressing his thumb on .the wounded epidermis. The door opened.' and'exhibited Mr. Barney Maguire. "Well, Barney, what is it 1 quoth' the Bufferer. adopting the vernacular of his visitant. • • -' . The master, bit " • • • • " Well. what does iie'Wfmtl" "The Ioanst of a breeches, jplase your honour." ; -.; . . • . ..,-. squire's risibility; the cast of his countenance was decidedly serious. " Faith, then, it's gone they are, sure enough ! Haan't meself been locking over the bed, and under tbe bed, and in the bed, for the matter of that, and divel a ha'p'orth of breeches is there to the fore at all:—I'm bothej^d entirely !" » V " Hark'e 1 Mr. Barnty," haid Tom, incautiously removing his. thumb, and letting a crimson stream " incarnadine multitudinous " lather:-that plastered; his throat—" this may be all very well with. youj-' master, but you don't humbug me, sir :—tell me; instantly what have you done with the clothpri ?" This abrupt transition from lively to severe" certainly took Maguire by surprise, and he seemed for an instant as much disconcerted as it is passible to disconcert an Irish gentleman's gentleman. " Me ? is it meself, then, that's the ghost to your honour's thinking?" said he after a moment's pause, and with a slight shade of indignation in his tones : " is it I would stale the master's things—and what would I do with them?" " That you best know:—what your purpose is I can't guess, for I don't think you mean to 1 stale' tbem, as you call it; but that you are concerned in their disappearance, I am satisfied. Confound this blood !—give me a towel, Barney." Maguire acquitted himself of the commission. " Ab Fve a sowl, your honour," said he, solemnly, "little it is meself knows of the matter: and after what I seen " " What you've.seen! Why, what have you seen ?—Barney, I don't want to inquire into your flirtations ; but don't suppose you can palm off your saucer eyes and giglampB upon mo!" " Then, as sure as your honour's standing there, I saw him: and wby wouldn't I, when Miss Pauline was to tbe fore as well as meself, and " Get along with your nonsense—leave the room, sir!" But tbe master ?" said Barney, imploringly ; " and without a breeches ?—sure he'll be catching cowld ? " " Take that, rascal !" replied Ingoldsby, throwing a pair of pantaloons at, rather than to, him ; *' but don't suppose, sir, you shall cany on your tricks here with impunity; recollect there is such a thing SB a treadmill, and that my father is a county magistrate." Barney's eye flashed fire—be stood erect, and wsb about to speak ; but, mastering himself, not without an effort, be took up the garment, and left the room as perpendicular as a Quaker. "Ingoldsby," said Charles Seaforth, after breakfait,."this 18 now past a joke ; to day is the last of my stay; for, notwithstanding the ties which detain me, common decency obliges me to visit home after so long an absence. I shall come to an immediate explanation with your father on the Bubject nearest my heart, and depart while I have a change of dress left. On hiB answer will my return depend ! In tbe meantime tell me candidly—I ask it in all seriousness, and as a friend—am I not a dupe *o your well-known propensity to hoaxing ? Have yon not a hand in " " No, by Heaven, Seaforth ; I see what you mean : ou my honour, I am as much mystified as yourself; and if your servant " "Not he :—if there be a trick, he at lesat is not privy to it." " If there le a trick! why, Charles, do you think -" " I know not what to think, Tom. As surely as you are a living man, so eurely did that spectral anatomy visit my room again last night, grin in my face, and walk away with my trousers; nor was I able to spring from my bed, or break the chain which seemed to bind me to my pillow." " Seaforth," said Ingoldsby, after a short pause, " I will But hush 3 here are the girls and my father.—I will carry off the females, and leave you. a clear field with the Governor: cany your point with him, and we will talk about your breeches afterwards." Tom's diversion was successful; he carried off the ladies en masse to look at a remarkable specimen of the class Dodecandria Monogynia —which they could not find—while Seaforth marched boldly up to the encounter, and carried " the Governor's " outworks by a coup de main. I shall not stop to describe the progress of the attack ; suffice it that it was as successful as could have been wished, and that Seaforth was referred back again to the lady. The happy lover waB off at a tangent; the botanical party was soon .overtaken ; and the arm of Caroline, whom a .vain-.endeavour to spell out the Linnsan name of a daify-downdilly had detained a little in the rear of the others, was soon firmly locked in ins own. ""What was the world to them, Its noise, its nonsense, and its '.breeches*ell Seaforth was in tbe seventh heaven ; he retired to his room that night as happy.as if no auch thing as a goblin had ever been :tiea£d of, and personal chattels were as well fenced In by law as real property. Not so Tom Ingoldsby: the mystery—for mystery there evidently was— bad not only piqued his curiosity, but.ruffled his temper. The watch of the^Fevious night had been unsuccessful, probably because it was undisguised. To-night he would " ensconce himself"—not .indeed " behiiitl jthe nrras "— for the little that remained wajj^ ss we have seen, nailed to the wall—but in a .small closet which opened from one corner,of, the room, and by leaving the door ajar,!would give jte occupant a view of all that inight pass in tbe apartment. Here did.the young ghoBt-hunter take op a position, witt a good stout sapling under his arm, a.full half-hour before Seaforth retired for the night. Not evenhis friend did he let into his confidence,^ fully 1'detennined that if his plan did : no£ socceed, the 'failure should be attributed io himself alone. . At the usual hour of separation for the night., Tom saw, from his concealment, the lieutenant enter bis room,-and lifter -taking a few turns in it, with an expression so joyous as to betoken that his thoughts were mainly occupied by his approaching happiness, proceed slowly to disrobe himself. The coat, the waistcost, the black silk stock, were gradually discarded ; the green morocco slippers were kicked off, and then—ay, and then—his countenance grew grave ; it seemed to occur to him all at once that this was his last stake—nay, that the veiy breeches he bad on were not .his own—that -to-morrow morning was his last, and that if he lost them- . A glance showed that hiB mind was made up; he replaced the single button he had jnRt subducted, and threw himself upon the bed in a state of transition— half-chrysalis, half grub. Wearily did Tom Ingoldsby watch the sleeper by the flickering light of the nightlamp, till the clock striking one, induced him to increase the narrow opening which he bad left for the purpose of observation. The motion, Blight as it was, seemed to attract Charles's attention; for he raised himself suddenly to a sitting posture, listened for a moment, and then stood upright upon the floor. Ingoldsby was on the point of discovering himself, when, the light flashing full upon hiB friend's countenance, he perceived that, though his eyes were open, " their sense was shut"—that he was yet under the influence of sleep. Seaforth advanced slowly to the toilet, lit his candle at the lamp that stood on it, then, going back to the bed's foot, appeared to search eagerly for something whicb be could not find. For a few moments he seemed restless -and uneasy, walking round the apartment and examining the chairs, till, coining fully in front of a large swing-glass that flanked the dressing-table, he paused as if contemplating his figure in it. He now returned towards the bed, put on his slippers, and, with cautions and stealthy steps, proceeded towardsthe little arched doorway that opened on the private staircase. As he drew the bolt, Tom Ingoldsby emerged from his: hiding-place ; hut the sleep-walker heard him not; he proceeded softly downstairs, followed at a due -distance- by -his friend ; opened the door which led out upon the gardens, and stood at ouce among the -thickest'of the shrubs, which there clustered; round the base of a .corner turret, and screened the postern from oommQs' observation. At this moment Ingoldsby liad nearly Bpoilcd all by making a lalee etep : tbe eoutad attracted Seaforth's attention—he paused and turned; and, as the full moon shed her light directly upon hiB pale and troubled -features, Tom marked, almost with dwmay. -the fixed and rayltsa appearance of ius eyes'—• . ' . ,i .-: \- There was no speculation in those orbs ^ That he did glMcwithaL" ~ '--• The perfeet-stillness presarved jby hia follower -seemed to,reassure.him l he tumed aidde ;-and: from the midst of a thickset laiirustinus -drew forth a gardener's spade, shouldering which he - proceeded with greater rapidity into the midst of the shrubbery. Arrived at a certain point where the earth seemed to have been recently disturbed; he set himself heartily to "the task ol digging; till,- having thrown up several shovelfuls of mould. Tie stopped, flung down •hls tool. and verv comDosadlv-becsll tb dinen while, had accomplished his purpoee : he stood for a moment with " nip streamers waving in the wind," occupied in carefully rolling up the smallclothes into as compact a form as possible, and all heedless opthe breath of heaven, which might certainly .lie supposed at such a moment, and in such a plight,* to*" visit his frame top, roughly." . . . fie was in the act of stooping low to deposit the pantaloons in the grave which he'had been' digging for them, when Tom Ingoldsby came close beEind him, and with the flat of the The shock was effectual; never again waa lieutenant Seaforth known to act the part of a somnambulist. One by one, his breeches— his trousers—bis pantaloonB—bis silk-net tights —hiB patent cords, and his ahowy greys with the broad red stripe of - the Bombay Fencibles were brought to light, rescued from the grave in which ttiey bad been buried, like the strata of a Christmas pie; and, after having been well aired by Sire. Brotherby, became once again effective. Tbe family, the ladies, especially, laughed ; —Barney M*gnire cried " Botheration 1" and Ifa'vueUe Pauline, "Mon Dial!" Charles Seaforth, unable to face tbe quizzing which awaited him on all sides, started off two hours earlier than he had proposed :—lie soon returned, however ; and having, at his father-in-law's request, given up the occupation of Rajab-hunting and shooting Nabobs, led his blushing bride to the altar. Mr. Simpkinson from Bath did not attend the ceremony, being engaged at the Grand Junctiou Meeting of S^avans, then congregating from all parts of the known world in tbe city of Dublin. His essay, demonstrating that the globe is a great custard, whipped into coagulation by whirlwinds, and cooked by electricity,—a little too much baked in the Isle of Portland, and a thought underdone about the bog of Allen,—was highly spoken of, and narrowly escaped obtaining a Bridgewater prize. Miss Simpkinson and her sister acted as bridesmaids on the occasion ; the former wrote an epithalamium, and the latter cried "Lassy me !" at the clergyman's wig. Some years have since rolled on; the union has been crowned with two or three tidy little offshoots from the family tree, of whom Master Neddy is " grandpapa's darling," and Mary- Anne mamma's particular "Sock." I shall only add, that Mr. and .Mrs. Seaforth are living together quite as happily as two goodhearted, good-tempered bodies, very fond of esch -other, can - possibly do; and that since the day of his marriage, Charles has shown no disposition to jump out of bed, or ramble out of doors o' nights,—though from his entire devotion to every wish and whim of his young wife, Tom insinuates that the fair Caroline does still occasionally take advantage of it so far as to "slip on the breeches." 