The Valismt Tailor. -s " J..L . A CROFTER'S GHOST STORY. 44 A Winter Night.! with .the jtiBgMand Crofters," in- (rood Words.) It was the turn of -Alec Breac, the forester, to contribute bis share to the entertadnment of the evening; and, nothing loth, -he straightway proceeds to -tell the story of v " the "Valiant Tailor." v - . ; ' " \- There was a ruined chapel, within whose crumbling walls were many tombs of <the dead ; aud, as was well known far and nSsar, the ehapel was haunted. Often at the mirk midnighthour was that chapel seen to he brightly ablaze with strangely lurid light ; and often ' mid- the be lated wayfarer to run," "his heart in Mr gullet;" as the Gaelic phrase is, in mortal terror of Ms soul's salvation as of his life, because of the screams of eldritch laughter fhat reached his ear from within these ruined walls; laughter with which was always intermingled "the sound of awful voices in loud and fierce contention. Now it so happened that there was a tailorin a neighbouring hamlet who professed to disbelieve these stories, who: laughed at the chapel and its terrors, and who for a wager offered te enter ilie chapel by Mmself alone on first darkest midmghf; - and being allowed a lantern, tonit onihebiggesfc table tombstone of the lot near thfc altar by fixe inner wall, and then and there to sew pair of I breeches in defiance of nil the ghost that could I assail him. The appointed night -came iqqnd, and accompanied by three men, whose business it was to see that the wager was fairly lost ,oi won, the doughty, tailor", . cartying a lantern ni one /hand, and the cloth for. the breeches i already cut and shaped, in the other, boldly ; entered the chapel; and picking his way ovpr ; the gravestones until he reached fixe ponderous ' slab that Cevbred the tomb next thealtar, lightly i leapt atop that slab; and sitting down cross-? legged, tailor fasMon; waved his hand men who stood trembling at the. en trance. a sign that they might now go away, and leave Mm alone to sew his. breeches in peace and win the wager. Although the tailor was an unbeliever in ghosts, he had to confess to himself that the Blah on which he sat was. uncomfortably hard and cold, and by the dim and fitful light of his lantern, the tomb-paved ruins looked eerie in the extreme. It is little wonder, therefore, that the tailor sewed away with all his might, the sooner to be done with his task, and out and away from such uncomfortable surroundings. As he proceeded with his work as fast as his fingers could ply the needle, he was startled by a rustling and a clatter as of bones beneath an enormous granite slab, that, resting on four dumpy pillars of the same material, roofed in what was believed to be fixe eldest grave witMn the chapel walls. After a little time the rustling and rattling of bones ceased ; and lo ! a large hand was slowly thrust out by the opening under the slab, and a voice grun ana gucturai saia, "Do you see that great," big hand, G tailor?" . 44 1 sea that, but I will sew this," responded the plucky tailor. Farther and farther out was thrust fixe hand, until it was now the whole aim, sinewy, and long and strong, and mighty and massive beyond anything the tailor had ever seen before, that was exposed even to fixe shoulder; and again the voice said, 44 Do you see that great, big, strong arm, O. tailor ?" 44 1 see that,: but I will sew tMs," quoth the undaunted tailor. The next time it was a mighty leg and thigh that was exposed from beneath the slab, and the voice said, 44 Do you see that great, big leg and thigh, G tailor?" 44 1 see that, but I will sew this," was for the third time the plucky little tailor's response, ths wMles he sewed away like mad ; and under fixe excitement of it all, the perspiration from brow and nose and chin went drippity-drap-drip upon the cloth, until he felt it getting moist and . warm in Ms- hands. Next time it was thf? awful ghost's head and face that appeared clole by one of tbe supporting pillars of the Blab. . \ 4 Do you see this head and face, O tailor ?" . It .was :in truth-an awful face, fiery-eyed and swollen with rage, and terrible to behold ; hub still the response, if slightly tremulous, waa perfectly self-possessed and true. 44 1 see that ; but I will sew this," quoth tha tailor. The tailor's sheet-anchor of hope was in thi» belief that tbe gigantic tenant of the tomb could not possibly get out through the comparatively Dflrrnw rmPTnncr "hfvtrwAftn Hift slah a-nil tha ground, and as the sewing of the breeches waa now nearly finished, he plied his needle as he never in, his life plied it before or after, in order to win Ms wager as quickly as possible and get away from, the companion ship of the Mdeous being that had so cruelly annoyed him, and tried his courage so sorely. He was at the last stitch of the left leg of the breeches, and the wager was about won, when there was a terrible stir and commotion within -the tomb, and to his horror the awful being of the gigantic arm and leg, and Mdeous head and face, threw aside from its supporting pillars .the" ton-weight slab that lay over him as lightly as if it were an eider-down quilt, and stepping from tbe black depths of the grave as a man takes a single step of an ordinary stair, roared with a roar so loud that the ruined walls shook to their foundations. His height was as the height of two biggest men, one atop of t'other, and his aspect was beyond all . description fierce and terrible. Looking about with great eyes, he saw the tailor, and went for him with a single stride that took Mm easily over the dozen intervening yards between the two tombs. The tailor, however, was game throughout ; and lithe as an eel and active as a cat, was not the man to be naught and torn to pieces without making an effort to save himself. Sticking the needle, instinctively rather than of set purpose, into its proper pLiceamongsthalfaBcoreof others in the Guff of Ms coat, ana taking up the. Jsmfatrit in one hand and the breeches in theother, hemadefi leap from off the slab down among the -graves, and in the direction of the door, bounding along like a stag, and clearing graves mid tombstones as if in a hurtUe race, and conscious all fixe time that his teble enemy was in hot and clos'e-pur- suit. OncblhlfteM over the hoHow of a sunken grave , but vfith the speed at which he - was moving it ended in a lightsome somersault ; and on his legs again in .moment, he was out of fixe door at a-stioyg)bfimid, and in another instant, pan? f(6" brgafii, and with his, head an a!|gwwU had M arms tightly - clasped 'arouhd Samt TSlah cross beyond. When the pursuing fiend sew that Ms intended victim was nearihg fixe fiber, and was about to escape Mm, M at him, if it had reached .him; would! bave.ui- suredly have sqiielched ' the teilM:Mto4-&iBy-; As it was, the blew intended fefr j struck the wall at the spring" of the beautiLJ old arch over the doorway, fenfi "these; .in hard and gritty .6todrtgn8,r|s/the of the fieud's hand . -sfid Yamn -aimeqdingejB, even unto this day..- tailor won his wageri anMrciin became the hmo6f"ifis;zmtite%wnship and pf thf> wide district afound. t _ , , - »' :rj i -t - v . can always borrow trouble, 