\- Do as.adversaries do in lawi ■ Strive mightily, but eat and drink as friends* BERRIBIA DISTRICT COTTAGE HOSPITAL TUB OPENING. The erection of tho Berrima District Cot tage Hospital has been a four years' ; labour of love. The -first meeting , in connection with the hospital movement was held on July 25,1885. That meeting Was hearty, sympathetic • with the proposal, and thoroughly ; representative.. Mr. W. Mo Court,-theni as -nowi ■ M.L.A; for Camden, . occupied the chair; there were 22 gentle meff^reseh'fc from different parts of the dis trict, and letters ijoi ;,8jitire sympathy - with: the movement were react .ifrom Messrs. H. H. Osborne, B. S. Mccflicot, B. P. Bicliard \- son, Bev. C. Olden (now deceased), Dean Qowper, and the.Hon. Lackey.' Bufctwo letters were r«ad,,.«ne from .Mr. S.Dioken eon.and the mother- .frotn- 'DrrLambert, of 'Berrima, .who opposed the' scheme; The .meetingl was addressed by the chairman, Dr.Newmarch.and Messrs. F. B. Wilshire, P.M., H. E. Southey, Gavin George,. J. G. i Mocris, and H.rB;: England; Dr. Newmarch and Mr.C.Bennett were elected secretaries,. Itwasunanimouslyagreed, " Th#t it was . desirable'to establish a cottage hospital id : thisdistrict," and £71/2/6 were promised at the meeting. A provisional committee was elected, consisting of Messrs.; G;' Ben -nett, H.- M. Oxley, J. G. Morris, H. -E. Southey, £. L. C.Bhepherd, Bev. 0; Wil* Jiame, Messrs. F. B. Wilshire, Cordeaux, B. N. Matthews. W. McGonrt. T. Grahan), andHon. J.: Lackey. The committee were to-elect :'a site, and report upon other mat ters. , Thus jt will be seen that, at its inoap. . ti>>n thes'movement was recognise#'*8 ^alto gether apart; from' any spirit^of localism; and although that' ghost', as Mr., MoConrt «toted on Wednesday, , did , appear • subse quently, still, we believe" that, ghostlike, its presence wa3-more £ftnoifal ;than real.' , 0n the 25th May, 1886,\\.the provisional ,com-, mittee submitted a report tc^ another meet in? lieldat the School of Arts. The report Btpted that tlie committee. had doue iheir '•! ilUl t'5J V ntraost to .procure evidence as to tho best ! Bite; but "had not, aud'could not,,absolutely I and definitely fix the site, - and tliey sug gested that ita seleetion-would liavo to be i the work of the subscribers. The report i farther stated that the .committe had writ ten to the Colonial Secretary, who in an-1 swer stated that the proper course to pursue waa to procure a site of from 8, to 10 acres, which was to be approved of by the Inspec tor of Charities and the Government Medi cal Adviser, and that, locals subscriptions should then be called for, which would be supplemented -by a like amount from the government in aid of the charity. It was pointed out to the Golonial Secretary, the [ report- went on to say, that tho required I area of 8 or 10-acres would hardly be neces-i sary in the belief of the committee, and. an urgent request was made tbAt they should be allowed to select an area of : two or tiptoe acres; and, trusting to a favourable fuiawer, advertisements wore inserted in tliQ Sydney Mormug Herald and tbe local newspapers requesting tenders of land frvan 8 to • 10 acres. In answer thereto, 15 offers of land wore sent in. . The Iusi^eotor of Charities" was informed of this, aiid on the4thand'5th May, 1886, he (Mr. xtobison): proceeded with an inspection of the sites. At this date the total amount ol« subscriptions,, promised and collected, amounted to £214/17/2. After returning to Sydney, Mr. Robisou forwarded thofollowiug letter to the secretary of " the hospital:— C ■ \- Sir,—In terms ot the request contained in your, letter intimating that'the committee (oc the pro Soaed hospital for the . Mittagong and MoSa Vale istricta .would wish to have some expression of opinion from mo as to which of the sites brought to my notice appears to be the most suitable ,1 beg to say that I have no hesitation in. giving the prcfer enoeto that nearly adjoining tho • Bowral Olebe, supposing an area of 8 or 10 ; can be eeoured there. It may be well to mention that three silos were examined at Moss Yalo,: and two at Lower Mittagong, ,whioh were rejected as ineonveniently 'distant from the railways and fqr other reasons (as I'at MoBtfVsloi£proximity to a briok yard, andlow lyina position). . I was informed that land might, be obtaineel at Berriraa, bat did not proaeed thither, as wank of railway communication, and greater dia tance "from the tniokly inhabited portions ot1 tbe dip.'gitot would not render it advisable to make ? any Beleation in that neighbourhood. The sito pre-: ferred was thflonly one which possesHea all the re quisites. I therefore have no doubt it is the best for the objoot desired. I have the honour to be, sir; yours obediently, Htjoh Bobison, Inspector of Publio Charities, Spealringattbemeetingin qnoBtioft (May 25,1886), Dr. N?wmaroh expressed himself as' afraid that tile" idea of erecting the 'hos-. pital would have to be abandoned nnloRS more interest was shown in it, and it ap peared, to him tbat the hospital was' being wrongly looked upon as only a Bowral affair. He hoped that the fact of the site having been selected in Bowral would not extend that impression; and he wished to see a committee appointed -who would' put their heart-and soul into the work and m$ke:it asuccess.' At thismeeting the prov. visional committee, with the addition of Or. "NowmaBch, werefeleoted a permaneut-^omV mittae, with p'>wer to add to their numbor. The next stage was .to ask Mr. Cartorj to put biB laud under offer to the committee, aud "Ee- did' so.' The Press report states ;that | Mr; -Garter offered tlie land at £30 an ; acre,' j with no other proviso than that the site ahould be selected in suoh a way a9 not "to interfere witlrhis subdividing.the remainder of the property. Shortly: after tb is, a letter written by Dr. Newmarch appeared in this faper^nd a couple of extracts from it will, e sufficient to clearly indicate . the feeling then existingamong a portion.of the public, Dr». Newmarch wrote :— A • • "It js useless to denythat tho residents of Bowral, in not a few instanoes raise objections; to the foun dation of a district hospital, as it is to be built in their own town.' The reason given is that' the hos- j pital will be used for infectious'oases, and that it j willdrive visitors away, and ruin the district. * For my own part I consider that every town should I have the means of providing Buoh accommodation as necessity arises.* * * * We can never bo positive that typhoid may not arise or be imported into our homes by the yery people that afford so many' Jiero a means of support. ,,:We muse remember that it is eVen: more than 'probable that such may- happen but we have no visible means of preventing it spread ing, or from destroying the reputation of this and every other town in the district. No one ean blame, -us, not even the most' short-sighted -of . thoseV who objeot to the establishment of the bosfutal,'' if we ' 'have the means at'handveady to copewUlrtlia only foe likely to militate against their welfare/ On Juue 17?of" 1886, a Ladies' Working Association was formed in Bowral, Mrs. H. Reed being tho prime mover therein. This association, at ita inaugural mteling, un dertook to raise £200, to be devoted to the; hospital building. The association is in existence still, and up to the present the 'ladies'htvve raided by their united efforts the handsome'sum of. oyer£800. At the committee meeting held ' on the 11th of August, 1886, the hon. aecrcfcary stated^ that at the request of the committee tho following gentlemen had written aooep ting office,on the committee,'namely, Rev. J.Mullens, Hiv.R. P. Richardson, Rev. J. W. Pebeuham, Mr. G.,George*-DivMorgan, Bev., Father Petre, Dr. Middletou," ReV. B. Keuny, Rov. Thomas Heffernan, Messrs. J. 'gery. and Olias. Nicholson. It was agreed, at this meeting, on the motion of Mr. J.G.' . Morris, seconded by Mr. J. A. Badgery, " That the intention of buildjng a hospital according to Government- terms be relin quished,; with a view of establishing a Dis trict Cottage Hospital on a' smaller scale." It was altto agreed; ■ on tho motion of Dri Newmarch, seconded by Mr. J. A. Badgery, " That the hospital be not for thereceptipn of infectious cases." A sub-committee, coii-i sieting of Mr, R. P. Riohard'son, Mr. J. G. Morris, and Dr. Newmarch, were appointed to interview Mr. Carter, and obtain : from him all information with regard to the pur chase of a reduced area of land. At "a meeting of the committee, on the 22nd :of March, 1888, at which the Hon. P.L.C. Shepherd occupied the chair, an agreement of the purchase of a Bite, from Mr. Carter, for the hospital waa laid upon tbe table. It stipulated'that Mr. E. Carter, of JJiitton Forest, agreed to self to\8Jr. TJ. P. Ridhard son, the Hon. P. L. C. Shepherd, aud Dr. B. j. Newmarch; - trustees of the Berrima District Cottage Hospital, 5$ acres of laud, part ofCartei'ssubdivision.BowrflV/orthe; •limof £862 10., flOOto be paid as- a .de-" posit on the purchase, and' the balance of tbe purchase money to be poid on the' 18th of December, 1891, with-iuteresc thereon in; tho meantime ftt'fl per cent., tho vuudor to return to the purchasers.! per cent, of the interest. At this ineetiug~Mr. H. O. ,Kant, of 124 Phillip-street, Sydney, ■ 18th May, i 18tb May, 188G. Frank Badgery, J. A. B&d; Sydney, wua appointed to draw np plans of building uot to exceed a eort of ; 4800. Mr. Keut prepared the plana, and tiMjwne approved of; then tenders were caUea, and .Mr. J. J. Campbell's was - aooepiady ."the amonnt being £888.° Th& foundation'-^one was laid by hiB Excellency Lord Carring t on on tke Oth of February, .1889.... ■ • 