FATHER JOSEPH'S MOUNTAIN ROSE WRITTEN FOR THE "CATHOLIC HOME ALMANAC" BY SARAH TRAINER SMITH. Poor little Rosy indeed ! The neighbors, shocked and sympathetic, but voluble, plied her with questions, pitied her, discussed the matter in all its bearings, and tore her innocent, ignorant, love-sheltered little heart, with a thousand pangs they never intended. Rough, ignorant, unimag inative in the extreme, unused to study of any kind, least of all, the study of a child's mind and heart, these mountaineers acted upon the apparent belief of many "highly cultured" people that, being a child, Rosy was either deaf to a lowered tone of voice, or either could not, or would not, understand what was said. But, with every nerve strung to the highest pitch, with every natural fear aroused, with every word of her mother vividly recalled by each reference to her, Rosy understood the faintest whisper. These people, although the nearest neighbors, were yet strangers to her. Her parents, of course, were not "mountain people." They had drifted to the clearings, on the tide of fortune when Rosy was a baby— a quiet couple, loving each other, their children and their Faith, the last a barrier, hard to surmount between them and the mountaineers around them. Contented and reserved, they had labored on together, until the little house and the little farm, had slowly grown to a home they were comfortable in, and loved with honest pride. Other babies were born to them, a church was built at the Gap only ten miles away, and they had come to think themselves safe and well-to- do, when, six months before, the father and two of the children were suddenly carried off by a malignant fever, and the mother weakened to the verge of the grave. The neighbors had been there then, but so was Rosy's aunt from " away beyant the Ridge," and Rosy had seen but little, heard but little of the voices, the expressions, the opinions on every subject that were now so strange and new to her. And, with a child, the strange and the new are always to be feared. Many and sharp were the comments, the conjectures, the suggestions of the garrulous mountain women, while fulfilling their neighbor's duty to the dead. The lonely death, the helpless and apparently forsaken children, their blank future, the absence of " Owney," as Rosy called her mother's brother, who had come to them, after her aunt returned to her home beyond the mountains — all were fruitful of remark. Rosy could not tell what she dimly felt, of all the discussions her mother and Owen had held before her. Without Martin, poor Ellen could not face life so far from her own people, so far from the consolations of her cherished Faith. The hard and bitter labor, the privation and scant provision, that she had once thought the way to fortune, were only to be endured and resisted by a light and happy heart, and now, Ellen had neither, while Owen was but a boy, although a bravo and willing one. He could not keep the home over their heads, but he could look for another, and when travel was at its best, and the mountain home at its fairest, he had started on the quest. That was three weeks before. When he left, in her feverish desire to hasten his return, Ellen had not dared to tell him she was ill, lest he refuse to go. Unconscious that her sickness must prove fatal, hoping day by day to see him back, struggling bravely with herself, she had not sent for any one, and when she found herself unable to leave her bed, it was too late. Rosy was too small, and too little used to the woods, she thought, to go alone beyond the home limits : besides, Owen might come any moment. So the days wore on to nights, the nights dragged on to dawn, until that one when Death came with the day, and Ellen faced him and followed him, alone but for Rosy. Rosy, who would not leave her, even now when the women put her out into the woods, but crept under the open window, through which she could touch the hem of the pillow- slip on which rested her mother's head. The baby was good, indeed. Except for a little fretting when he woke, hungry, he slept and woke and smiled as usual. There were plenty to care for him that day, and Rosy, biding her time, clung to her mother, fearing, dreading, she knew not what. All too soon, she learned. That very evening, Ellen and her children, crossed the doorstep of their home to gether for the last time. Under the red sunset light, in a quiet niche of the mountain near the house, they buried the dead out of sight, where the husband and the little ones awaited the wife and the mother. Not a word, not a prayer, not a tear, but peace and quiet and respectful, reverent handling of the still form. In the uncertainty of finding the missionary priest at home, no one had the courage to go for him, and in their ignorance of a Catholic feeling on the subject, they doubted not, that they had done all in their power for the " pore critter," when they laid her decently to rest, without intruding such devotions as they practised among themselves. They turned from the grave with that feeling of relief, which comes to all who leave a grave which does not hold their dead. On the grass before the door, they paused in a group for the last words. " Mought as well jest shet the house for the time bein'," said one of the men. "There aint no stock 'round year. Hedn't no hawgs, hed they?" " Naw ! I reckon not," drawled the other. "My ole woman's goin' to take the lettle gal. Pore lettle gal ! It's kinder hard on her." "Ya-as, thet's so!" assented the group. " Who'se goin' to take the baby ?" questioned another. " Thet's no consarn ov mine," hastily remarked the first speaker. " Naw ! I reckon not," drawled the second — there were but two men — "He aint no kinder stock — not even a hawk." There was a faint — and decorous laugh at the sharp rejoinder. " Yore ole woman goin' to take him too ?" " Pears like he aint no better off ner the leetle gal," remarked an old woman, in a suit of rusty black, and the ghost of a crepe veil tied round a torn shade hat. "I reckon it won't do nobody no harm ef I do," sharply broke in the " ole woman." But I aint goin' to — not fur long. I reckon ther's a heap better place fur him ner mine. I shell stay year, tel mornin'. Ther's a heap ov clarin' to do, an' then, I'm goin' to take 'em both home with me. "Poor leetle chap! It 'ud be a heap better fur him, ef he'ud foller his mawr. The leetle gal aint so bad. Well, good-evenin' to ye' all !" The first " good- evenin' " broke up the group, and they disappeared into the shadows of the forest. The hus band of the "ole woman" was the last to go, leaving her for a time, to what she felt the gruesome task of putting into its usual order, the desolate house. Later, she took the edge off her nervousness, by a careful and exact inventory of poor Ellen's hoarded treasures. To do her justice, it was, for the most part, only an in ventory, and, carefully and exactly, she disposed of them. The baby slept soundly, soothed by the return to the accustomed quiet, and it was only when the inventory and disposal were at an end, the self-appointed guardian remembered that Rosy had not been in the house since the " berryin." She stepped hurriedly to the door stone. Her husband was just coming across the clearing. "Where's the leetle gal?" she hailed him. "How'd I know?" he retorted. " She aint bin with me." " The laws ! I reckon she's lost herself!" To be Continued. 