BIG WORDS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The unknown is always a mystery, oftentimes inspiring wonder or fear. When known, we aie often, times reassured and partly vexed, partly amused, laugh at our fears or simplicity. 'I saw what I took to be a ghost last night, and would you believe, it turned out to be my brother John.' Yes, there is little difference between appearance and reality in most things, between sound and sense, big words and their meanings. Would that all who use them, w.ere compelled under penalties to explain, them in simplest English. To answer the old dame's, * what did you mean by circumlocutory ?' with ' it is a periphrastic mode of utterance, 1 was no more satisfactory than to explain that matter is not spirit, that dust is not mire, or that 'shadow is the absence of light. I am sure that many words and phrases have a witchery about them that works harm. Once I was overwhelmed in a railway carriage with a Noah's floodof science, in or by which the Christian Ark, the world's hope was soon to be drowned, when upon just asking,' Gentlemen, will you tell me what you mean by science.' the waters at once 1 abated, and the ark once more upon Ararat rested. Plato said, ' He who can define shall be to me as a god. It is said that Herbert Spencer is an artist in the use of words. Here is a proof of his skill in defining evolution. ' It is a change from an indefinite incoherent homogeneity, to a definite coherent heterogeneity through continuous incoherent differentiations and integrations.' This seems to be but another instance of defining circumlocutory by the periphrastic, &c.; When a word is defined, it is confined, it is fettered, handcuffed, in harness, or in the shafts, unable to throw up its head and heels, and wander at its own sweet will. For simple people like myself, every word of the definition needs defining. A Professor Kirkraan thought so too, and-has turned the barbarous words into mother English, for which if they have any good feeling, they ought to be thankful. ' Evolution is a change from a no-how-ish un-talk-about-able alllikeness, to a some-how-iuh and in-general talk-aboutable not all alike- ness, by coutinous something"3lseifications and stick-together-ations.' Thanks to the Professor for getting this barbaric thing out of its outlandish wrappers. In its English garb it might-amaze, but not alarm a clown. ' Thunderin' long words ain't wisdom, and stoppin' a fellow's mouth is more apt to improve his wind than his understandin'.' ' Creation by law/is another fancy that some would prove to be fact. It is with the three words only that I would have a bout. If now I advertised a lecture, e.g.,' Cremation by LAW,' how many would be the inferences about my meaning. ' Is it at present illegal? Is it independently offire ? Is it a law that will be the instrumental, or efficient cause - ?' Yet French infidels who perhaps could not make a dumpling, have made the universe by law, and Wallace has written something of a similar nature. In the sermon I referred to, 'law is a thinking of the Almighty.' If so, it is evident there can be no creation until the thinking ripens into acting. Whether forks were made before fingers, or fingers before forks, is a boy's problem, but that all included in what is meant by Nature, was made at once, seems probable. I mean, the thing and its qualities, powers and conditions. If there is precedence, it would seem that the thing comes before the law, just as property comes before "the law for its regulation and security. Law is but a kind of instrument, but who can conceive a God, like an inventor, having fir3t to make his tools, before he could accomplish some special work ? Were it so, it would only be as a pen for writing editorials or spectacles for reading them. Power would still be understood to be behind the glasses and the pen, To create a law that shall create something else is in contradiction of all we conceive, direct Creation to be. Let any one imagine if he can, a law or laws by which existence is given to the solar system. To compare sublime things with mean, it would resemble the laws of banking before bauks were instituted. Creation is an act of will and power, and law is but regulative of that which God has called into existence. Another musical but deceptive pair of wedded words, is ' natural se taction,' This means a power in nature to choose and reject. The sun is one part of nature, human beings another, So Darwin solves the mystery of same children being freckled and others not. . It is all owing to the sun which has the faculty of selection, by which he reprobates some to spotless skins, and others .to spot them like leopards. This shows also, how the blind man selected his wife, .for her, blue eyes and 'golden hair. To those who laughed at a blind man's • preferct ence of one color over another, he answered, ' You are ignorant of Darwin ; if nature, abstract nature, who has not one sense out of the five has the faculty of selection, surely I, who have four out of the five should be equal to her in such a power.' Nature is a most convenient term. It has more meanings than a royal Spaniard has names, though sometimes they are used to ignore God in his own creation. ' The survival of the fittest' is also of the same doubtful scientific class. What do - you believe ? What the Church believes. What does the Church ? What I do, &c.; What survives? The fittest. Which are the fittest? Those that survive, of course. So much for 'the title with which alone am I concerned. In the struggle for existence in the lower kingdom, it is plain the strongest have the best chance; and everywhere the vigorous plant kills the weaker. The young cuckoo starves his little foster brothers, and the big dog takes the' bone from the smaller one. But the moment this law comes into the moral kingdom, right gives place to might, and brutal violence overrides all just claims. I know not if scientists affirm it to have an instituted place amongst men. If so, Cain was fitter to live than Abel, because he slew and survived him, and the priests than Jesus, for a similar reason. Nor is it a law bv which God proceeds in the Gospel. Not the wise, the mighty, the noble, so much as the foolish, the weak, and the base are chosen, so contrary to man's are God's judgements of the fittest. One more phrase I mention, viz. ' The missing Link.' If the meaning is that some thing or creature did or may exist, by which the inorganic to the vital, the herbal to the animal, the brutal to the human, is bridged and bound, a midway station given for scientists to rest and offer sacrifice to evolution, or continual creation by law, and show that the guinea comes out of the florin, the silver out of the copper, or man from the monkey, the mollusc &c.;, I believe they will find it and the philosopher's stone together. It is a very pretty phrase, but figures and metaphors are neither proofs nor facts. They should bear kinship with tbe realities from which they sprang. A missing link is what once formed part of a chain, usually the chain is of the same metal throughout. This should be so too. ~ In such case, if not •hybrid, mule, or mongrel, it must correspond with the chain out of which it has fallen. If not, it must be 'neither fish, flesh, nor good red herring,' neither wholly vegetable, brutal, or rational, but a scientific figment or a word to juggle with only. When Darwin stands gazing on a bank where the wild thyme grows, the cowslip nods, the insect flutters, the adder basks, the linnet sings, wanting us to believe that this complexity of life has been evolved from a few forms, or germs into which the Creator originally breathed the breath of life, I say no, not till I believe the moon is made of green cheese. What is true of a part, must be true of the whole of nature. Before then, I can believe that the moss and the oak, the minnow and the whale, the elephant and 'the flea in his ear, the monkey, short-tailed, long-tailed, ring-tailed, and the writer of Paradise Lost, had similarity of origin and of nature, and that their present differences have been produced by evolution, I must have something better than hypothesis, theories, and assumptions. At present my common sense and my faith hold to Moses, against all who fancy they could show him a thing or two, and I 1 believe that God created man in his own image, and every other species distinct and after its kind. GIDEON. 