Local & General A promenade concert in aid of the funds of the Tamar Rowing Club was held in the Invalid Depot Grounds Wednesday, when there was a very large attendance. The grounds' were brilliantly illuminated with Chinese lanterns. St. Joseph's Band rendered the following programme, several of the pieces being encored: — Grand march, ' Carravan ;' overture, ' Zamina j' valse, 'Hammage Aux Dames ;' polonaise, ' masken ;' overture, ' uarn ca ;'\ clarionet solo, ' Air Vare ;' galop, ' II Corricolio ;' valse, ' Les Sirien.' During the evening Mr. E.Hanlan presented the prizes wonia the sculling races, speaking highly of the manner in which the races had been won. An accident, which might have resulted seriously, happened Wednesday to a chaise cart proceeding to the. regatta. Turnine the corner approaching the Regatta Ground the horse stumbled, and falling on its knees broke the shafts of the cart, a lady being thrown out, but she received nothing more than a shaking. The firm of Robison Brothers, Campbell, and Sloss, Limited, whose premises were destroyed by fire on 8th instant, is (we learn from the Age) an extensive venture lately formed by the union of the two great firmB of Campbell, Sloss, and M'Cann, engineers and shipwrights, carrying on business in Moray-street north, South Mel bourne, and Robison Brothers and Co., a house extensively engaged in the same trade. Another portion of the same firm was formed into the AuBtral Otis Elevator and Engineering Company, and it may be said -that partners in ?. all three ven tures were more or less inter ested in the establishment on the Yaira bank. The. new firm imme diately after its formation entered into a number of very large contracts for. Govern ment, and private,work8- among others for the construction of 25 locomotive engines to the order of the Victorian Government —and in order to enable; them to ;meet their , engagements -had erected new and extensive premises on the southern bank of the river, and had almost completed the installation- of a complete, plant of . ma chinery of the.ilatest and, most improved type. Almost; the whole of the machinery had arrived from England, and had been placed in- position. Indeed, for all practical purposes the factory was in full working order, and the loss, therefore, is doubly heavy in time as ' well as in money. Two long sheds on either side of the square were tho only buildings loft standing'. - Nothing wag saved except the boilers, and these were practically removed from the start of-, the conflagration. The loss is estimated in round figureB at £40,000, not covered by insurance. The most painful1 fact iB that policies had been taken out for a large portion of this amount, but a week ago the premiuine were not renewed, and the policies were allowed to lapsa, The loss thus falls entirely upon tho firm; but, large as is the amount, the neceBsary delay in the completion of contracts will be still more heavy. 'A Traveller' writes:— It is high time the Flowerdale-road (near the Cam) ?was attended to, as the metal in some' parts iB as rough as if a harrow had been run over it. If the Road Trust would put' some sand or gravel upon it they would bo doing the right thing. The Adelaide correspondent of the Ag» states that during the past two months n lucrative trade has been carried on in tho oolony by an imposter, who represents himself to' be a lay reader of the Church of England, named Vivian. Ho arrived '' from Victoria on the 27th of December of ' last year, aud took lodgings in a respect able bouse in -the city. At the end of a week, instead of paying for his board, he stated that his purse had been abstracted ' from his bedroom, but on his landlady ' reporting the matter to the police he dis appeared, and the detectives in searching for him discovered that he had palmoa himself off in his clerical capacity on ' several Church of England ministers, from whom he had borrowed money. He also introduced himself to some of the higher dignitarios of the Church, presenting a letter purporting to bo signed by tnc Bishop of Truro, but which has since been found to be a forgery. Arrangements wero partly ntada for engaging him a* a lay reader in one of the city churches, but were not completed in consequence- of letters being found in his portmanteft'u bearing a name differing from that which he assumed in Adelaide. Communications were despatched to Victoria, and it was ascertained that he had palmed himself off as a clegyman in Melbourne, and had pre viously done the same in Brisbane, lnolle of the up-country towns of Victoria he secured employment as a lay reader, but was disrated in consequence of his gossip ing tnidchirf making habits, whi;h set the whole parish in a ferment. Ha was last heard of in the far north, where he was trndingas a lay reader from Silver ton, and borrowing money from the incumbentB of the various churches. The vicissitudes of royalty are at times astonishing. The King ef Denmark, abont 30 years ago, when Duke of Schleswig Holstein-Sonderburg-QluckBburg, was a drawing master, and occupied a house 0B the road which leads from Frankfort to Ingerhein ; while his daughters, Dagmar, Alexandra, and Thyra, who are now the Empress of Russia, Princess of Wales,anol the Duchess of Cumberland respectively, had to make their own dres3es. So pro- - cnrioUB wa3 the income the Duke derived from his teaching that he was able to only allow his daughters each 12s a month, and with this small amount they were expected to attire themselves 'as became the daughters of the expectant heir to. the throne of Denmark,' and also to provide themselves with boots.. How would they like tbe idea of clothing themselves on 3s a week now ? Major Dane, who has earned a wide reputation as a lecturer, and who has been drawing excellent houses in the southern portion of the island, arrived on Monday and commenced a lecturing season in the Mechanics' Institute on Friday last, when his subject will be 'Up the Rhine and over the Alps with a knapsack.' Major Dane is making a tour of tho world, and everywhere he has appearod he has been received wfth enthusiasm. He was a member of the Supreme Court bar of tho United States, but gave up the bar for the platform, and has been before the public of Ameiica for some 17 years. His subjects cover a wide field, and are all from actual knowledge, personal experience, and obser vation. He is pronounced as the finest; orator ever heard in 'Australia ; and as a humorist the rival of Aremus Ward and Mark Twain ; as a describer ho reminds you of Charles Dickens. Quite a furore was created by his brilliant orations in Sydney and Melbourne. They are said to begraphiiiandthrillingpictures,unequallecl in oratorical, dramatic, and descriptive power. Major Dane is an extensive and closely observant traveller. Ho has a phenomenal memory, and never once uses notes in any of the 17 remarkable orations that comprise his repertoire. The heroic soldier-orator fought in no less than 22 heavy land battles, and four of the greatest naval battles of the war, besides many less important ones, by the side of Generals Grant, Sheridan, Sherman, Garfield, Canby, and Banks, and Admiral Farragut, America's greatest admiral. He was chosen, before all other orators of his country, to deliver the oration over the graves of the regular army, in the National Cemetery at West Point on the greatest occasion known ' as Decoration Day. A Qdick Cube fob Couohs and Coijbs— ; Arnold's Balsam of Hoiiehound.— Nothing- so quickly ouros Coughs, Bronohitig, A»thm», - Loss of Voice, Influenza, and Weak Ghost as , this Balsam. - Where obildrcn have whooping cough or are liable to oroup, always keep it in . - tho house; A single doBO quietens and giros instant roliof. . A small' bottle often ouro?.. : This is tha best expectorant , now in uae8. ?Rapidly relieves tho bronchial tubes by dis^. ' :' solving the congealed phlegm. Sold by all chemists, dealers, and mntnal stores.' Ask for ; Arnold's and get it., -Spurious, imitations me-' . ometimes offered. — (Advt. ) ' . A:v.:0OBS3tsP0N»ENT writes ':— Ab far- as aooominodfltion is conoernod, TJlvorstono is rapidly coming 'up to meet; the require ' mont* of the present times. There is now In the Commercial' Hotel one of the latest additions in this way. Decorators and . naintors have.beon busy for a considerable time, and hare now just completed their work. -? ? Scrupulous cleanliness, coupled with- attention, and the pleasing , effects produced by the modern style of 'sanitary wall papers, dadoes, etc., have made this ?hotel all that oan :be desired.., - : Ak aocident of a somewhat serious nature happened 15th inst., at Mr. Bobert Gardner's- tannery, Canning - street, whereby a man named James Wilkinson/ aged 23 years, was. a sufferer. It appears' that Wilkinson was standing over a boiler of tan, whioh was being heated for the pur pose of tanning skins, and by someun fcn'own means he fell into it. His -legs wore severely scalded up to the knees. He - was at once rescued andtakeri-to the Laun ' ; cestoa 'Hospital; where he was detained for treatment. -???:? r -.?-.- ?; ??;??.' -,-.? Mb. Thurkau, the . Government Mining Geologist; has shown us a souvenir of: the recent fire in the mail .van of the express tram i conveying the San Fraucisco mails from Sydney to Melbourne. It is a copy of '.iiio.AUa California, folded in a wrapper And. addressed, in -the usual manner, one tad- and .part of the side of the folded document ; being charred, but fortunately the 'address ' being /printed, not. written, occupied but a small space, and though fioorchod, : enough was legible to enable the paper to -be forwarded to its destination. Mr. Thureau, however, was expecting some important documents from Washington relative.' to surveys on the Pacific Coast, whioh- have not come to hand. . . It is not often a poor man indulges in ' the. luxury of .litigation to the extent exemplified in a cause- before the local Court of Bequests 15th inst., The oase in fowbrwords- was that defendant acting as ' trustee- in a bankrupt estate seized and sold' two -horses and a dray, and .which were claimed by plaintiff as his property. There Were' circumstances of suspicion in connec tion with the transfer, relationship, insol venoy of the seller, : etc., which no doubt justified the trustee in testing the matter before ,a court and jury. : The: 'case, was Jt-^fore the Commissioner, yesterday for the third time; a unanimous verdict for the trustee' being given on the first occasion, and one of a majority.of jurors for the same ou tho second.. Dissatisfied- iwith- these results, and although he: had already spent £23 15a of hard-earned. money, he. had the persistence once again to renew his suit in cider to regain his alleged misappropriated fijfoparty. -In addressing the jury counsel or :I-. the .defendant ?'. had ,: a strong temptation to allude, to the -previous cyidonco, and to the verdicts twice success f ally gained-by his client, and disregard of tho .CommiBsioner'a ruling on this matter fcrought': counsel .and ;*his Honor r into 'temporary warm collision. The oosta, however .were much -more -profuse on -the aide, of the defence, the. trustee deposing that £60 had been Bpent in law, fees, c£50 . trustee's costs, in defending the suit;, and leaving absol utely nothing for: distribution amongrthe creditors. ..The trustee got a »£rdiotfor .the. third, time, and notice ef appeal was again given. The vital statistics of the country dis- tricts for the month of January last, issued by the Registrar-General and Government Statistician (Mr. R. M. Johnston) include the following figures :— The estimated population for the year 1888 was 91,141, as against 89,380 for 1887, showing an in- crease for the year of 3761. Births shew a decrease, being 228 and 244 respectively. The deaths for the years 1888 and 1887 were uniformly 85. Deaths from diarrhœa decreased from 15 in 1887 to 3 in 1888, but other classes of deaths brought the total to the same figure. From a private, letter we learn that Mr. Howard Haywood. left Formby by the Southern Cross 15th inst., for Melbourne to undergo an operation for the removal of the cancer in the face from which he is suffering. Mr. Haywood says : — "The disease is making Buch rapid progress that X begin to dread lest I have delayed too long, i The chin and neck are feeling very Contracted, with wretched dragging aenaa . tions.and the beard over the parts affected is- falling but. On arrival in Melbourne I shall not. lose any time placing myself under treatment so as to seek relief , I do . not dread to face the surgeon's knife, for. I feel that to do. so would bo a folly. What ['earnestly hope is that all will be woll, anil that I „ get successf ully through the ordeal." ' Abthttr Edwards, alias Johnson, wlo was arrested on board the 8. s. Pateena on .February 6: on a. charge of stealing, various articles- of jewelry in England, and in wtose possession was found lOlwedding. '?. rings,;- ladies' and gentlemen's rings of various descriptions, a valuable gold watch (Worth about .'£70), a quantity of pldte, etc., amounting in all to about £300 in value, was sent on Feb. 15 to Melbourne «rt rtute for England in charge of Sergeant White, of the Launceston police force. A coBBKsroNDENT writes from Brothers' Home on February 13 : — Mining is carried ' oil as usual and with as much expedition as tha. scarcity of water will allow, but as so . ''many correspondents have been giving most valuable opinions of late, I will refrain.— The Derby Brass Band is going in for a good practice, and .by. the time they have had ? sufficient,! they will compare very favour ably 'With the, town bands or the Lasses .. Band at Scottsdale. — Work is slowly pro grossing with our public buildings/ to wit, ? the Court House and the : watchhouse. Our present abode; of durance vile consists of a bullook ohain and a gum tree, vory nice f or wild beasts, but scarcely good enough for this enlightened nineteenth century; i Our Uifta; Club is also ; making slight progress. X believe: we have good soldiers, or the material- for good aoldiersi'and- the Officers' are: I believe .the proper .stamp' of men to lead a forlorn hope, but they have neither arms nor ammunition, ?;? and while these useful ingredients are not obtainable may the powers preserve us from the ? enemy.— The weather is very dry. A man named Naunill was admitted into the Hospital', on February 15 from Avoca Buffering from a broken leg. The man was engaged on some earthworks, and re- ' ceivedthe injury in- consequence of a fall of earth. He waa brought into town by the train, and is detained in the Hospital for treatment. From the Argus we learn that tho de tailed returns, of last year's imports show that New South Wales took from Viotoria goods valued at £2;472,761. compared with .£2,894,681 ' in the previous year, and £2,789;OOO in 1886. The imports from Queensland- amounted to .£3,133,883, and from South Australia £1,831,436— the latter colony showing a large increase. The imports from Great Britain amounted to £9,212,981, compared withv£7,998,568 in 1887, and £i.0j445,980 in 1886. The United States contributed goodB valued at £967,628/ compared with £693,420 the previous year, and the imports from Ger many increased from .£296,000 to .£481,000. The imports from -France were about the same as in 1887, but Belgium, India, and China sent increased quantities. The total value of the imports was £20,885,557, compared with £18 806,236 in 1887, and. £20,973,548 in 1886; Of the exports from New South Wales, the United Kingdom took £8,476,669, against' £6,966,056 in the previous year, Victoria £5,455,196 against £4,773,815, while France, Germany, the United States, Belgium, ,and New Cale donia proved better customers : than in 1887\. The . total exports amounted to £20,859,715, \ against £18,486,917 in the previous year. : When the. Duchess of Edinburgh, re cently went i from Malta. to Athens, her bonnet- box -was left behind. As soon as the mistake was discovered a British man of- war was ordeied back, to Malta for the missing box, and- it was brought on to. Athena, it is stated;; at the expense of several hundred pounds to the : English taxpayer. An American paper says Mrs. Langtry 'will in all. probability, retire, intoprivate life, after the fulfilment of ? the contract, already made for. her coming season.;. She went .upon .the stage to make money, and , has .made it. ,.;. From, reliable sources ,it is learned that her .'wealth- is. not far from a; million- dollars. Her commission ? to her ; late manager, George Keogh, who is now in Europe, to -look up and buy for her a now play, is insignificant, it is said, only, in so; far as an investment. When she does .begin her work it is probable that she, will follow her usual custom of buying property in every town where she appears that' she believes to be a thriving place.' :Thia is the -secret of. her accumulation of wealth. Her real, estate is valued, at 800,00Odol., andshe has acquired it by her own ; shrewdness. In New York she holds sixty or more first mortgages, and she also has confaiderablo landed interests -in Brooklyn, while in California and nume rous western towns -her name apearsupori' the list, of taxpayers and freeholders. In 1887\. she-bought ten acres 'of kind in Salt Lake City for SOOOdol. Last season she .refused, SOOOdoL for. the property. Her purchase i of reality in California last year . was (, 45,000 acres, for which she: paid 80,000dol. ' Lately she refused 200,000dol... for the same. ? 'AccoBDiNG to the London Daily Telt-, .graph, it has transpired that a large amount of forged silver coins, estimated at about £95,000 out of a total ourrenoy. in' that metal in the United' Kingdom of £20,000,000, is ' now in. the - hands, of * the public. ? These coins, which impartially range from 3d to 2s 6d apiece, cannot be called spurious, for they are made of good metal; but bar silver has fallen during the past two years about 41 per ounce, .and hence there isa large profit on these transactions,, ranging, it is calculated, from 50 te 70 per oent. Many of' these coins are 'clever imitations of the old coins ih circulation, and they * have . been ' re turned by the Bank of England only, on the ground that they have not. been issued by the Mint. Operations are believed to be chiefly carried on abroad, and as ? detection is almost impossible by. the general public there is little check upon a further, increase in the supply. A three days' prophetic conference was commenced in Exeter (Lower)Holl, London, in December last, convened by the Bev. M. Baxter, who haa recently recovered from a serious indisposition. In an address of, considerable power, Mr. Baxton quoted from -I; ThesBi iv., and many other well known passages. The last day of the pre Mat age would be on April 11,1901, and as the speaker insisted, the second Advent in March, 1896. Among the various points referred to was that the greatest war ever .known in Europe] would happen in 1889 or 1890, changing twenty- three kingdoms into ten; Britain's disasters and loss of territory before 1892 ; ascension of 144,000 livincr Christians to heaven without dying, ? in March, 1896 ; coming earthquakes, famines, pestilences; Christ's {descent on earth, and the commencement of mil- lennium in April, 1901. The shipbuilders of the United Kingdom have had reason to be satisfied (writes the Pall Mall Gazette of December 27) with the state of their industry during the .year. The total tonnage 'for the whole kingdom is estimated at 700,000 tone, an increase of 300,000 tons on 1887, and the nearest .approximation- yet' made to tho total of 1883, which was the great year in the ship building industry. The Clyde has made a: great advance on the previous three years, although the record does not come up to the high level of tho period between 1881 and 1884. The Teat's output amounts to 280,000 tons, being an increase of nearly ? 95,000 tons on 1887. The number of vessels, however, are fewer, falling from 32G to 302, whioh shows that a larger class of vessels ?has been built. The activity has not been confined to a few, but has been felt by the majority of builders. On the Tyne the tonnage launched has increased at even a greater rate, the to£al being 213,000 tons, or an increase of 110,000 tons. ' From the Wear there have coma 142,000 tons, as compared with 84,000 tons in 1887. The Hartlepools have produced 74,000 tons, against 53,000 tons j the Tees, 57,000 tons, as compared with 35,000 tons; and the Humbet and the Mersey also report im provements. Belfast bhow& a. reduction, 36,000 tons being launched in 1888 against 42,000 tons in 1887, but a prolonged strike was an obstacle to improvement. Almost universally there has been ? progress, ' and the feature of the situation now is tho large amount of tonnage which 'remains under construction. The difference-in the position, influence/, and character of - the Empress Frederick and the present Empress (8ayB :' Atlas' in the World) is one of the -mostJ marked features of the German Court. jThe influence of the former over her husband was unbounded, and their sympathy on all subjeots was mutual. .. The Empress Frederick is a woman of great culture and intellectual capacity,- great- ambition; and wide. and liberal views on all matters. The present EmpresB is the~wifeof the Emperor and mother, of his children, and a little anecdote told of her is a good illustration of the difference between the -two women. Some of the ladies of Berlin attended at the palace - the TOthor day to|present the Empress! with a beautifully embroidered apron, ? which . she . ? accepted graciously, adding, ' My husband likes me to wear an apron;. 'he thinks that, all: German wives; should do. so, and to, please him I- always; wear one.' ' The Empress Frederick was always supposed to wear another article of attire not of a feminine description. . Fubthbb interesting rev.elatiohB were made in regard to the effects of the failure of the- Victorian land boom at a meeting of shareholders of the FederalLand Com; pany, whioh was held at Melbourne on ;Gch instant. From the Age'' we learn., that , from statements made by. the chairman. (Mr. F. Derrick) it' ap peared that some time since the directors, in ; conjunction' with 'the directors of the Investment. Company of- Victoria; jointly purchased1 a block of land at Cam pbellfield, at , the rate of * £50 an acre,' presumably from a Mr. J. Hoile. It had since tianspired. that the real proprietors ? of, the: Hand were: MesBrs.r Bunting. : and; : .Wright/ who were aleo the accountants to! the Company,- ;- but who :?'.; only.V*. -- appeared' as :. the . agents : conducting the .'Bale.. The price they paid: for the. land was £40 amacre, -which : gave them a clear profit of ;? £8750.;'; -Subsequently, ? also through Messrs.1 Bunting and Wright, the land had been sold at a commission' to the Boyal Standard Investment Company, who, however, now repudiated the contract, and Mesari.' Bunting and Wright offered to sell the land at the price they originally gave for it— £50 an acre. On the strength of the contract with the Standard Company a bill had been given to Mr. Hoile, the re puted purchaser, whioh was now overdue, and thn London Chartered Bank threatened, in the event of the bill not being met im mediately, to take proceedings 'against the Company. 'Under' the circumstances the Company had to consider whether they also should not| repudiate the' original sale, on the ground of illegality; and to enable the directors to arrive at a decision it was suggested that a committee of share holders be appointed. to confer. with the directors. This course was '.-' eventually adopted after. a rather lively discusBion, during which ' it transpired that one solicitor, who was not the Conrpany's solicitor, acted for tho two companies and Mr. J. Hoile in the transaction. It was also stated as probable - that the Investment Company of ? Victoria . would repudiate their share in the . arrangement; which would throw the whole .burden on the Federal Company, the position of which would appear to be'by no means rosy. -: ! A fox terrier dog met its doath in the City Park in a novel- manner oh Sunday. The. dog,- it appears, had, contrary' to: .regulations, obtained admission -to the ,p'ark. without being -under -control, and finding its way ;to: the- cage in which ? a leopard is kept, it- barked- vociferously, at the animal. It toon -got close: to th« leopard, and the latter,' putting out. its paws,.pulled the dog. through the iron-bars into the cage. In less than a minute, the dog succumbed,- and::: when Mr.:. W. M'Gbwan, the curator of the parlr, was informed of the occurrence he took, the remains of the . dog out of the cage. On examination it was found the leopard had only sucked the dog's blood. i A heetino of the Salvage Brigade in connection with Messrs. B. G. Clark and Company's boot factory was held ?'? on Saturday afternoon laBt, when the following ?officers were appointed :— Mr. J. Quickly; superintendent, Mr. W. Mills lieutenant, Mr. J. Stanwix assisting officer, Mr. B. Q. Clark treasurerj Mr. '.B.: Howard hon; secretary. j THE''Tasmanian Law Almanac' for the present year is to hand, ana contains a col leotion of legal memoranda, which will prove of use to a large section of the public. The almanac, which ia in pamphlet form, is issued by Messrs. Popsting and Cockhead, of Hobart. ? We have received ft copy -from ? Mr. A. W. Mayhead, Brisbane-Btreet. Mb. Saville- Kent, who has been occupied .during the past few waeke: in the settle ment of all -matters connected with the termination of his engagement as superin tendent and inspector of the fisheries of Tasmania, left' Hobart on Feb. 15 -n route for Brisbane,- where he ii(aaya the Uer cury)'underengagement!witn-the QoTern ffient to make an exhanstive investigation of ? ? ! and ' report ? upon the ' Queensla.nd fisheries. In addition to the subjects of the improvement and further development of the ordinary fishing industries of that colony Mr Saville-Kent will direct special attention to the possible increase of the products of the pearl and pearlshell fisheries. The annual value of the Queens land pearlshell fisheries is at present esti mated, at about £60,000, and Mr. Kent is of tho opinion that this value might' be materially augmented by recourse to methods of skilled artificial culture. Anew item of expenditure appears on the schedule of municipal works for the current year. A sum of £56 ia to be spent in providing receptacles in various central : localities of the town where horse manure gathered from the streets by a small army of boys may : be stored for profitable dis- posal. ' . Nofurther progress has yet been made' towards a settlement of tho differences -between the 'tributor and employes of the Mount Nicholas Coal Mining Company, and neither side appears inclined to give way. 'A letter to this effect was received from the manager by Mr. D. Scott on Monday, and so far the efforts of Mr.' Hugh Kirk, tho secretary of tho Trades Congress, appear to have been futile. That there are degrees in . orimo ia generally admitted, but it ia a debatable - question whether or not the moanest crime is not in truth the greatest. -An example : of this was afforded on Monday when some individual or individuals passed some counterfeit threepenny bits on the' money taker at the switchback railway in order to get a cheap' ride. ? Two of tho 'coins were shown to us, and are clever imitations of the real article, although rather too bright in' appearance and greasy ^in touch to pasB careful 'examination. 'Theyaredated 1887,'. and as no doubt before the counterfeiting of such;. small;- money ; would pay' large quantities must . be ? manufactured, ? tho public will dowell to keep a 'weather eye' open so as not. to accept theso in change when making a deal, - as ; except for the collection plate on Sundays the coins are absolutely valueless. : '.'^Akoio-Atistkaman' in the European Mail of January 11 says:— I have, had this weak a very pleasant and, to me, instruc tive chat with Mr.* Braddon, 'the'new Agant-General -for:. Tasmania, ' who has; tak»n up the reins of office, it is easy to ' discern j with a strong, firm/ and judicious hand. I had an inkling of what kind of a man Mr. Braddon must be. from having heard of ? his- great labours in.. his. own department of the public service in the colony,' arid from the' fact that even his opponents havei pronounced ' him 'indus trious and painstaking and 'organising' to a. fault, and he is decidedly, to my thinking,' a man1 who will represent his colony, not' only wisely, but well. I bave had some little personal experience of statesmen and Government, officials generally, arid I heartily: offer my congratulations to the colony.as the natural result ef having seen the new Agent-General 'at home' at West minster. Kail way plant is going out again to Hobart. -The lines now under construction are from Formby to Ulv'erstono, from Deloraine to Chudleigh, and from Brighton to Apsley. Thia^more railway communi cation — is the one great want of Tasmania/ and in proportion as it is supplied .muBt the general credit of the colony rise here. The finances of Tasmania- are manifestly improving, and the latest returns' exhibit a very healthy growth in revenue, which entirely refutes the pessimists who seem anxious to see only the worst possible side of things in all. relative' to the- island; colony. A! contemporary has been in dulging. in some exceedingly, loose. ^state- ments as to. the' finances of the- -colony,; even going so far aB to make, it appear the Assembly had rejected sundry proposals of the Government, whereas the real facts of the case are altogether different. At the Launceston Police Court on Mon day, David Lee was brought up on remand, charged with having/1 on the 30th ult., assaulted Charles Morris, providore of the stiamer Dorset, by Striking him with a table fork and otherwise ill-using him; The accused ?vras defended : by ' Mr. G.- 0. G-ilmor'e. A more serious charge 6t having committed assault1 with; intent' to : do grievous bodily harm was withdrawn by the advice of the 'Attorney-General, and the above'; substituted. The evidence for p|rosecution~which :has already appeared in our column's,' was to1 the effect that upon the morning of the date mentioned, the' accused, who was employed as cook on the Dorset, was ordered to get breakfast by Morris.-. When subsequently asked' if he had the meal 'ready he used ab'usive language towards Morris; struck him on the left ear with a fork he had in his; hand, and ~ knocked him down on the grating'- over the - engine-room; For the 'defence David Lee, the accused, was placed in'the wjtnesa-box, arid deposed he was at the Marine -'Hotel: on tho day in question, and at the solicitation of ; Morris he went on. board the steamer Dorset and lit the fire ; Morris, who had been dririkirif!'; came : to the :vessel 'about ' 780 a.m., and pulled -witness out' of-bed ;: words then ensued, and in' a scuffle Morris was knocked on the deck of tho vessel ;-when he-got up he atated witness had stabbed him with a fork; witness had not seen the fork, and' swore positiviely; that he did hot- Btab prosecutor. ??? After consultation the bench di8riiisBed; the caso, : in consideration of defendant having already been in gaol 18 days^ Heniy Huf ton, charged with being a person of unsound mind, was reminded for a week for medical examination. A distressing case was brought- under the notion of the local magistrates at the Police ' (Court on Tuesday. ' An elderlyj respectable-looking woman, who had^with her a fine, well-built, intelligent' lad; whom ?he stated was ten years' old, told 'the fol lowing story;— Her name she' said! was Dugmdre, and she was known at Evandale, ' Formby, and Launceaton.' She was a charwoman, aiid had tha- misfortune recently to break her arm while scrubbing paint at Formby. She had al»o almost ; lost the aee of tho other hand. While she could workehe could support the boyi but she had to go to the Launceston HoaBital^ and was an out-door patient. She wa« tho boy s grandmother ; his mother had been dead nine years; the father had deserted mother and child aobri after the boy's birth, and she had brought up the child from infancy, never hearing of the father - to this day. She had applied for Govern ment compassionate allowance while laid aside bo' that she might keep the boy, who- had attended school,, and would soon bo of Rervioe, but was refused, a proposition ' being made to her that the boy should go to the Hobart Industrial School. She had now no alternative but to acquiesce, although she felt it keenly that the boy :to whom sho had become attached should- be ? torn from her. The justices decided to send the boy to the Industrial School for five years, and recommended that 5s per week be paid to the governors of the school . out of the public funds. ; The meeting' of the- Mutual Marine In- ? surance Company of Tasmania Limited, : called- for Tuesday evening, was held at ' the Mechanics' Institute, but as the rules ; and regulations were still under revision the ! meeting 'waa adjourned to the ' 27th inst. at the same time and place. Our Lymington correspondent writes :— A. concert for a charitable purpose waa given on Saturday last. The piano play ing waa a marked feature; amongBf the best were Miss Jessy Eobotham's selection. ' from ' La Somnambula,' displaying ' firm touch, and thoroughly careful playing, and the airs ' Still so gently 'and ' Sounds' so '. joyful' were well brought but, embellished :, by difficult variations. Miss Belinda Elles'a' ' .'Song of the brook' was a finished per- formance,-the intricate passage* exeouted with great care and skill, expression arid general rendering excellent. In Miss , , Emily Bobotbam's Belectiori from 'Lucretia Borgia ' the'execution and general render ing were very good indeed, especially1 ''II - segretto '. and the finale. Miss Ady ? Viney chose a difficult piece ,in five flatsj 'The'shepherd's dream,' andj though veiy' young/did justice to it: Miss Mary. Freer- borough played, a march in 'good styie and deserves praise for careful \ rendering. ' Miss May ' Guttridge played a difficult ffavotte'for;onie: so.young.but exhibited 'a ' good, firm, '.bold style 61 playing. Let me ; beg of all the pupils to practise hard arid ?'?' regularly, for there is no end to perfection i in music,! recollect.'. Mrs. Alic» Grant's song, '. Oh, how delightful,' and Mrs. (Jrttrit'a 'Tit for tat ' were 'highly' appreciated. We desire, also, especially to thank these ladies for theirikind assistance. Miss Bose ' Elles's ' White wings,' Miss Agnes Lathey'a 'Will, you . love me when I'm old,' and Miss Mary Guttridgd's' Strangers yet,'.' were- among' the best- songs of the : evening, and ;were aleb greatly admired. '. In about three Weeks time or so we intend ? giving : a concert in aid of Mr,' Howard Haywood. , Please turn up in strong forca for this. : . Josepk Stubs, the freethought lecturer, appealed . to the . General Sessions,' Mel- ? bourne, on February. 14 (says the Age) against, the fine of £& which was imposed ' ' upon ihim by the: Fitzroy: magistrates on '* January 10 for having occupied. a tent in Victoria Parade, near . Nicholsonstreet,' without having first obtained permission :? of.the Local Board of Health. Sir Bryan ' O'Loghlen pointed -out. that the llOtn ' - section of the Public Health Act, under which. the; prosecution took place, only provided for tents that were' used- for the purpose of affording amusement to the public. His client, ; however; utilised the tent for the purpose of conducting ser vices of a religious character. Judge Casey agreed that the appellant could not be said to ;be_ assembling people in his tent with the object of amusing, them';- and - allowed the appeal with £7 7a costs. Mr C. WalBh appeared for tho respondents. ! W* notioe that Mr. S. Ditoham, late of tha Launoeaton firm of Ditcbam' Bros. -, and Who - received a flratpriEe medal at the Ceritarinial '? '?' Exhibition for a display of bent woodj is erecting: a complete plant of steam ' bend-'- ?' ing maohinery at Murphy Building's, City- road, South Melbourne. ': Mb. B. J. Crbiohton-, Australian re presentative of the Oceanic 'Steamship Company of - San Francisco, ha8 had an interview with the Postmaster- ''General of '? Yictoria ip reference ? to the Californian mail service. The' Company's - contract with the Governments : ' of the United' States, New Zealand, and -New South.'. Wales terminates next -November, arid' owing .- to the'ebmpetition offered by the Canadian Pacific. Eailway Company, who. propose1 to run a rival line* of 'steamers, - there seems to be some probability of the colonial Governments' abstaining, 'from entering' upon va freah agreement to sub sidise the Oceanio proprietary. Mr.Creigh tpnpropoaeB that inatead of the' existin' monthly service, terminating : at Sydney boing. continued after next November, a fortnightly service be established, toward* the maintenance of which the Victorian Government8hall contribute, and that the terminal pointB in Australia shall bc'Mel- '.: bourne and Sydney, alternately. The Com pany would enter .into a contract for the - establishment of such a.conrit'ction for a' period of 10 years, tho total subsidy being / ??? ? £80,000 per. anrfum. , Mr, Derhain . ex- ; plained that at the late postal conference it was decided that the question of the trans-Pacifle mail service should-be dealt' ;. with by the Governments of New South ' Wales and New. Zealand, arid unless re quested by them he, could not, therefore* interfere in the matter. *.* SEE DR. RICHARDS'S ADVICE TO MEN, PAGE 21. 