SKETCH ER. A ? . DOCIOHS AND PATIENTS. Sometimes tliero is a run upon a particulur doctor, who is tho fashion, and whom every body wants to see. And it is not a bad thiu g to be a fashionable doctor, if only for this reason, that when tho West End patients 'o away from town tho doctor may go abroad, and partuko of tho remedy which ho pro scribes to other veople. Sir Henry Holland in his ' Autobiography, ? said that 'ho always took took threo months' holiday, and, rather th-in sacrifice any of it, heroically determined that his pructico should never oxceed fivo thousand a year. Such eases of profes.-ional modesty ocunr but rarely. Anotliercelobrateil physician, Dr. J. C. B. Williams, who has also published his ' Autobiography,' nnd -vho has sent legions of peoplo abroad in his day, lias practically earned out his own prescrip tion by spending the evening- of his days cm the Riviera. It is sometimes a difficult thing to tackle the great physician when thcro is an irrational run upon him. There was, some tune ago, a doctor whoso mornin-' levees were crowded beyond description. It was his pride «;id boast that ho could feel his patient's a1™; lnok 't ''is tongue, probe at him with |-Tkh Ins stethoscope, write his prescription, pocket his fee, in a space of timo varying from two to hvo minutes. Ono day an army man was shown into the consulting room, and un derwent what may bo called tile instantaneous process. When it was comploted tho patient shook hands heartily with tho doctor, and said — I »ra especially glad to meet you, as I have often heard my futhnr speak of his old friend £'? , LWhat ! exclaimed the doctor, 'uro you Dick Forester's son ?' ' Most cevtaiulv I am. ' My dear fellow, fling that infernal prescription into tho fire, and sit. down quietly, and tell mo what is tho matter with you.' I may candidly any that I don't believe ray own story and in fact, regard it with repro bation. 1 havo known distinguished physi cians spend an horn- or two over a hospital uiise, when tho diagnosis has been a difficult ime. I oxpect that all our ailments uro for tho most part extremely vulgar, and that a doctor can read us oft as tho experienced re porter does so much shorthand. If you want to see the great doctor you must writo and ink for an appointment. If you omit this .form beforo willing, it is quitj possible tint tftm may wait three or four hours mid miss him alter all Ion may get a fino view of his took as ho hurries to his carriage, perhaps munching a sandwich in order to sustain him on his round of visitation. You will perhaps observe on the mnntlcpieco n reird statin-' the feo inr a first visit is two guineas, and' for every subsequent visic a guinea. Soino phy sicians conscientiously prefer receiving two guineas for each individual visit. Thi-e is another feo, however, which manv of our physicians constantly receive, mid this— nothing. There is no body of men ho persis tently generous and self-denying in tho mut ter ot tees as English medical men. Your name is written down on a sluto and you aro shown into the wailing room. IVrlinpsyou recognise this waiting-room as t'lo physician's dining-room, mid possibly in happier hours you havo reposed vour le-s beneath that solid mahogany that is now strewn with books and periodicals to bc-'uile tho tedium of waiting. How the moralist {night muso on tho metamorphoses of the apartment ! It is hero that tho light joko passed from tho lips of tho wit, and tho slender foaming champagno glass was raised to tho lips of the beauty, and tho traveller brought back his strange stories from far regions of Asm or Africa, and tho statesman unbent from tho anxieties and telegrams of ol.ee. Tins wan wintry morning, 'when the 5 ? !?»? fe'?ld sunsm»° Imrdlj- wanders in, it is difficult to recall tho light and festivity ot tlio oveumg hours. Iu this comniirNon wo waiting patients seem like a set of poor ghosts, shivering on the shores of Acheron. Of courso the worst of tho patients are not Here ; they aro tosssng on uneasy couches and tho good doctor will havo to visit Uieir own homes Therd is a line of utterly un known authorship which Dr. Johnson was very fond of murmuring to himself ? ' Uovolvos tho sad vicissitudes of things.' To-day tho brilliant party and to-morrow the waiting-room of tho consulting physician I was going to add, for tho sake of tho „,,- -fithesis, to-day 'tho foamicg grape of Eist ern 1-ruuoo' and to-morrow tho 'bolus ' onlv I remember that, in these days of mukin:* things pleasant all round, the doctor fro' fluently 'exhibits' champagno as a remedial measure. Indeed, I have known one medical man of enlightened and cheerful views who porscibcd a table-spoonful of brandy to bo taken in a glass of champagne every three .-.ours, a prescription to which «,, patient 'gave respectful submission. l What curious scenes those wm- mltiii''- rooms havo witnessed ! I havo known of men who havo gone in very heavy-hearted, be lieving that they woro suffering from every direful sympton known in the books, and have come back excessively happy, being assured t Hit their fears woro ull mistakes and illusion Ono the other hand, thoro aro mou who havo made their calls, feeling assured that they aro aifo and sound, and havo simply received sentencoof death, and that within a vciy hliorttimo. Ayorypathotiostoryistold bv iJiirwm m the life of his grandfather, Di'. anvil,, of Derby. Onedayapatiententered tho consu Uiug-roo.n of a London physician nnd deta.led the symptoms of his illness. It wis inn obsjuro and difficult case, of a kind uit was only imperfectly understood, and tlio London doctor confessed himself fairly puzzled. Ho oould only say that tho patient *as in n most perilous state. ' There is ech oic man m England who understands tho uwmso,' said tho London doctor— ' who under stands cases of this sort, and you should --O and consult him. It is Dr. Darwin, of Derby.' ?JJ^TX Ya'tho 'uswer, ' I am Dr. Dar ?^un, of Derby.' inthi''0 S'fc n'd Tah- tho lltfo'»'li»'t fflidci into tho room and from timo to timo bel-kons ono of us away Tiio odd thing is that none ot us look at all ill; but iu thoso days tho \-- to do with things. Still wo are shy and rt.scrved, and a littlo anxious, nnd I iiolico mat any well-meant attempt to open a con ation n-onerally collapses. I suppose w«nro all moro or less hopeful as we havo m''T ' ! I', to '''lkc u'r Wilr t' -?''??* tryslimr T'. J.lioii wo got into tho doctor's private '??Jiii— Ins sanctum, his coufossionul, where t lines very etranyo confessions aro hcar.l, uiul.-il.su with 110 vowcr of absolution. If you w end against tho laws of Nature, Nature 'ii'Kiveyou no forgivonoss. As professor '«Mcy says, Nature does not give you a word and a blow, but sho gives you the 'wai 011(,0i nwl -ou mwt find out lho ni-'t''ig'- You ln»st bo very cloar and cx 1 iu.it ijiirmrr thoso precious momenta of con „,''.'? 1'ho man is a fool who provnri iln i l '''' doctor or lawyer, and yet «° - «s and lawyors lmvo found nuuh fools « Heir experience. Tho doctor hoars all i, i ,° to mi'- '11(1 wings out a lot of facts ' ft'1'11' 'over thought of, and mgulutos your ''. anil probably puts you on the oil of' tho '»'ri-l tlui, ?(.,!, and finally sums up Hip cihu !l'1'y','H:' ' ^'''''t go abroad for thu wiu ? M hi'i'i'ii's' Mtiiiiiziih'. „ i^ry f'l'ar w!fo'' muriiiurcd jvitor familias . as ho looked at. (he dressmaker's bill. linker (to Miss Brown, who is ng.-d thirty ►yvni, mi,l ,ls ,.;,.!, ns „,,„ j., I1()t i,,v,,lv)_Miss *-«i, I lovi! y,,ii ! J adore you ! Will vou bo iiiuicr iMksJUa (l.liishingly)— Yes. 'linker r-°''. you dear old girl! V ?':;«»''- in derision, ? Oh, give us a rest,' Tlin i-U )bv wllohu u.yu hu ll»a 'I'lt'K1'1 . '° llul'-'i'iiiau with promptness did grant the remiost, , 'Uid (juva him arrest on thu spot. 