THEATRICAL NOTES. BY TOUCHSTONE. OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No. 12. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. MONDAY, NovEurBEa 5, 1840. First night of the new, drama GUY FAWKES; on GUNPOWDER TREASON, AND THE jPROPHETESS OF ORDSALL CAVE. New Scenery. Interlude. Song ... ..... ... MR. WEST. Comic Song ... MR OSBORNE. Dance... ... ... MR. SMITH. Dance... ... ...M ASTER WRIGHT. To conclude with the farce VIVE LE ROI. In Preparation. TWO EYES BETWEEN TWO. Mr. Geo. C. Mile commences a farewell dramatic season here on Monday, the 109h inst. " Anglo Australian" in the European Mail of June 28, writes t-It is not generally known that the original of "Jim the Penman" was, and may now be, living as a ticket-of-leave man in Western Australia. Mr. George Agustus Sala says that it is certainly not long since he was 1 "alive and merry," "and, for aught I know," he adds, "Saward, ex-barrister and forger, may be alive now." This noted a criminal was transported to the antipodes 1 about 30years ago. Mr. Charles Arnold, who has just returned to London from a successful tour in the Australian colonies, accompanied by the clever little girl, May Hannan, and that noble dog Lion, who play such im portant parts in the popular " Hans the Boatman," has received a warm reception amongst his brother artists on this side He will" rest "till the autumn, when he. starts again for a tour in the United States. The performances of " The Bells" and the trial scene' from " Shylock, " which were given before the Queen at Sandring ham on April 26, by the Lyceum Company, took place in a theatre constructed for the purpose in the large ball-room. All the scenery was specially.painted and a new act drop, almostafac.simile of that at the Lyceum, was provided. The properties were also made smaller in order to be in harmony with the governing idea, which was to reproduce the Lyceum in miniature. The proscenium opening was I8ft, and the stage about the same depth. Behind the footlights was produced a miniature Lyceum stage, with its lime-light gallery, gas battens, and mechanical contrivances, all governed 'and regulated from the prompter's box on the left hand side of the stage. Six of the rooms in the house adjoining the ball-room were placed at the disposal of the company as dressing rooms. The orchestra rc.noprised oftrn.g inte mente only, and numbered 13 performers from the Lyceum. To carsy on this entertainment Mr. Irving brought down no fewer than 03 persons, who travelled from London by speeialtrain. San Francisco probably never saw amore important eveit, in an artistic sense, than the one that was enacted at the new California Theatre,whenthe two greatest tragedians on the American stage dedicated to the sock and the buskin the finest theatroin the world. This is a sweeping assertion, but it is undoubtedly true. Edwin Booth said when he went through it that he had seen the finest theatres in the world, but had never seen its equal for artistic aplendour. The writer of this has been in all the beautiful theatres of the Atlantic region, and han seen its equal in none of them. Before the house was thrown open, such remarks seemed like a bit of Golden Gate brag; but after its splendid reality has burst upon t'he vision, it is seen to be the simple truth. No description in the limited space at our command could at temptto do the subject justice. It must be seen to be realised and appreciated. " Penelopeo," a new musical version of the old farce, "The Area Belle," by Messrs. Hawtrey and Solomon, was produced at a comedy matinee recently. The piece i follors the lines of the farce, and its jokes for the most part are preserved. The music is of no particular importance, as it consists I chiefly of ditties of the mock drawing room type, together with a few well-written con certed pieces. Each of the characters is entrusted with one or more songs, that of "The Area Belle" being sung by Miss a Kate Eversleigh, the Missus by Miss Car a lotta Zerbini, and the three' lovers by I Messrs. Leno, Barrington, and Hawtrey. The milkman's song,with its refrain"When the new-laid egg is breaking," is pretty a enough, and so- is the waltz song of the " Postman's knock," sung by the Missus. Mr. Barrington's first solo song, with its refrain, " That's what's the matter. No t kisses is the ;natter... That's what's the matter with the missus," is more of the music ball type, so also is the song of the policeman. The whole of the supper and ghost scenes are, on the other hand, quaintly comical, while generally a large number of humorous touches areintroduced in the music. It was a pity that the ar tists engaged were not better vocalists; and an accompanied quartet, indeed, very nearly came to grief. From an acting point of view, however, the piece is decidedly funny. The administration of the Paris Exhi bition have conceded to iMr. Seymour Wade permission to erect in the grounds near the foot of the Eiffel Tower an Inter national Theatre," for the purpose of per. formances being given therein by the people of all nations. The theatre, which had been contracted to be opened on Juneo 10, will hold 2000 persons, and will have attached to it a smaller theatre for about 800, for experimental purposes. The whole building will be lit by the electric light. There is a good story of a Rio de Janeiro manager, who engaged in Paris three artists for the past of first tenor. The three met on board ship and de manded an explanation of their chief. They had it:-" Gentlemen, in a week after landing, two of you irill be dead of the yellow fever; the survivor gets the work and the salary." Tableau. 