PRESENTATIONS TO THE REV P. J. AYLWARD. St Joseph's schoolroom, Wellington street, Collingwood, was crowded yesterday after- noon on the occasion of presentations being made from the Catholic people of the city and the different Catholic societies attached to tho church to their late pastor, the Rev. P. J. Aylward, of St Mary's, West Melbourne. The Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, Vicar-General, presided, and, in opening the proceedings, stated that he had attended with the greatest pleasure to do honour to the Rev Father Ayl- ward, who had done so much in the cause of religion since his arrival amongst the Catholic people of Victoria. It had been said that he (the speaker) had been the builder of St Patrick's Cathedral, but he might say that Father Aylward was entitled to a great share in the credit of the work. Mr. M Osborne addressed the meeting, stating that he would confine himself to a few facts showing the labours of Father Aylward since his appointment to Colling- wood. He had expended during his fifteen years' connection with Colling- wood, no less a sum than £11,000, and this in the poorest district in all Victoria. Of that sum 10,500 had been spent upon the education of the children of the district. He con- cluded by calling upon the hon. secretary, Mr T. W. Wood, to read an address to Father Aylward, which expressed the grief of the people of the district at his loss, and in relation to the Catholic schools used the following words: -" When the forces of Secu- larism were arrayed against the faith of the children, with the zeal of a true soldier of Christ you entered the lists under the banner of St Joseph's, and founded a school which has now been in existence for fifteen years. Again, St John's, East Melbourne, found in you a champion to raise the cross of the Christian school when the same enemy had to be encountered there." After enumerating the most important labours in connection with the church of the district, and pointedly alluding to the labours ot the recipient in connection with St Patrick's Cathedral, and the institution of societies in the mission, it requested his acceptance of an accom- panying gold chalice as a souvenir from the people. The gold chalice was then presented by the treasurer, Mr. J. Lennon. Being purely of colonial workmanship, it deserves a passing notice. It is of gothic design, bearing around the bowl of the cup words of consecration used in the Catho- lic service of the Mass. Upon the sexa- gonal foot are raised medallions, richly en- graved with symbols of the Saviour. In front is a very ornate Maltese cross, and on the other parts are the emblems of the "Agnus Dei", "The Pelican," "'Ihe Sacred Heart," "St Joseph," and the "Holy Ghost" Round the foot it bears the following inscrip- tion.-"To the Rev. Patrick J. Aylward, P. P , from his late parishioners, St Joseph's, Collingwood, March 17, 1880 " In conse- quence of a special request, this speci- men of colonial workmanship will be on view at the manufacturers', Messrs. Denis Brothers, during the week The Rev. P. J Aylward, in thanking the people of Collingwood for their generous gift, stated that upon his arrival in the colony their reverend chairman, Dr Fitz- patrick, was the administrator of the diocese, in consequence of the absence of the late Rev. Dr. Goold, of happy memory, and to Dr. Fitzpatrick they were indebted for his (the speaker's) appointment to the mission of Collingwood at the time when the Catholic schools were first assailed under the Educa- tion Act. Having alluded to the ap- propriateness of the day for the presentation, it being his birthday, he strongly urged upon his hearers the importance of still opposing the insidious advances of irreligion by securing for their children the priceless boon of Christian education. That such education was not incompatable with sound secular knowledge had been amply proved in the late International Exhibition, where, in fair competition, the Catholic schools had distanced the state institutions, and he was proud to say their own school of Colling- wood had assisted in securing that success. At the conclusion of his remarks Mr Tobin, president ot the Christian Doctrine Society, said that he had been requested, on behalf of the Christian Doctrine Society, to beg the rev. gentleman's acceptance of a richly embroidered stole, bearing the following inscription -" Presented by the members of the Christian Doctrine Society, Collingwood, to the Rev. P. J Aylward, as a token of their regard and esteem, 17th March, 1880. " Father Aylward in thanking the society for their presentation, alluded to the great im- portance of such societies, and the self- denial shown by their members in giving up a portion of their only day of rest to the in- struction of the young. St. Joseph's branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society, as represented by their president, Mr. W. Lynn, and secretary, Mr. O'Loghlin, then pre- sented a handsomely illuminated address in book form, in replying to which Father Aylward pointed out the import- ance of Catholic societies for young men. In thanking the Altar Attendants' As- sociation tor a handsome presen- tation of a holy water font, specially imported, the recipient said he never liked to say anything flattering to anyone, espe- cially to small boys, but he heartily thanked them for their handsome gilt, and pointed out the importance of the office they held as attendants upon the altar, After a number of complimentary speeches to the different gentlemen concerned in the presentations, the meeting terminated. 