" A GROOM."—We don't trade in ghost Btories treated in a serious vein. If you are more explicit in your enquiries, you will probably find that it is only the cook's new policeman down in the cellar, complaining in a low grumble about the toughness of tte cold pie. For weeks we weie under the impression that somebody s fathers were haunting our family mansion, but one night when the spirits were more clamorous than usual we investigated, and found a militiaman locked in the pantry, where he had been forgotten by the hiied girl, who had been enticed out by the butchef boy. '* H. T."—Your "Australian Anthem " won't do, for many reasons, but chiefly because it isn't poetry, but merely prose badly constructed. Other difficulties might have been got over, but this seems insurmountable. " ALUM." - Paragraphs racily w ritten at.d humorous in spots and blotches, showing you could " get there "if you were more happy in your choice of subjects. Our readers don't care a hang about the dirty drains of Traralgon, and thi ir interest in the t*o lovers who sat on that log in the moonlight is of the mildest description—seize on cunent questions, and make things hum. *' WATTLE BOUGH."— Your Pegasus is lame, spavined, glandered and broken-winded, consequently your poem, "Julia My Own," reads like a ride across seven hundred milts of scrubby country on a three- legged camel. It is a series of bumps and breaks with occasional smooth spaces that end violently like a fall off a house. Taking these things into considera tion we will publish "Julia My Own." We would not do it if Douglas Sladen himself sent it in. 'BEAU."—We depreciate verses to young ladies dark, fair, or otherwise. Annie Bell is, judging from what we gather out of the twelve verses we read, a charming damsel, and we feel convinced your poetry does not do her justice-«he iB worthy of a better pen ; ten to one ebe would never speak to you again if we published it. Once When we were very young we wrote several much better verses to our aunt's redheaded cook, and that young lady seized the first opportunity to hit us where we Bit with a soup ladle, since when we have been very particular about printing personal poems. " G. B. ' (Glsnelg).—What does y6ur sketch mean anyhow ? We have an analytical brain of more than ordinary power, and, after reading it over and back again, and up one side and down the other, and cross ways, and through the middle, we have failed to discern the point you drive at. Send in an explanatory chart, and a map of your head. " OLD HAND."—Thanks for the ideas, lybich will prove very useful. Although we are not to Bhort of ideas as many of our contemporaries, we always welcome them when they are fresh and bright. Glad to find we are exerting a soothing influence over the wild wastes up there. " DANGEBFIELD."—Very good for a young beginner. Paragraphs about burning questions, existing evils like policemen, J.P's., poets, and book-agents, elopements, disturbances in church, and anything of interest in the papers, barring only false alarms of fire, accidents that might have terminated fatally, and butchers bolting horses are the stuff we specially yearn for. AHASUEBDS."—Too calm. Your observations glide along like a young curate at a garden party or a swan on a duck-pond. We don't hang out for unbridled madness, but wc hate muffled remarks and courtly dullne&e.; It seems as if you 11 never never be able to suit PUSCH till you get drunk and a man kicks you on the shins; then you may rise to the occasion, and throw off something sparkling. W. P. T.'' (Sale) writes asking would we marry a young lady "tall, thin, dark, twenty-five, thin Hps, firm chin, and having a mother who weighs one hundred and ninety-two pounds. ' We take the floor excitedly, and say that we wouldn't—we would not marry her for fifty thousand sovereigns. We have got one wife already, and we couldn't think of it. If the young lady is anxious to marry us, we hope " W. P. T." will impress the above facts on her mind, aud show her how futile is her ambition, and persuade her to try and forget us ; he will also oblige by reminding her that we will be 3, brother to her if she is short of a brother, buit otherwiee all is over between us. " M. T. M." (Healesville).—Sorry we cannot oblige you with a receipt for melon jam. We once contemp'ated turning this column into a cookery-book department, but we found at the last moment that we knew nothing about cookery, and abandoned the enterprise. We have discovered since, by studying contemporaries, that it is not necessary to know anything about cookery to run Buch a branch, but we don't care to reopen the subject. 