FATHER VAUGHAN'S REPLY TO BISHOP MOORHOUSE. A CRUSHING REJOINDER. Father Bernard Vaughan, S.J.., ohSunday evening last, continued his reply to die " charge" of the Anglican Bishop of Manchester. The sermon web delivered at the new Church of St. Joseph, Seacombe, which was opened that day, and every inch of space in the building was occupied by a congrega tion which included many Protestants. The discourse was listened to through out with breathless interest. The preacher took as his text the words, " All power is given to Me in heaven and in earth. Going, therefore, teach ye all: nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, iand of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days, even to the end of the world." The preacher first referred to the twofold character of faith, natural or human, and supernatural or divine. We looked to the former as the Protestant Bishop of Manchester would look to the authority of his Church, as some town clock which had to be contacted and compared with a sundial. Divine authority, on the other hand, meant believing in the authority of another, whom we knew to speak with the voice of God. Hav ing described the work of the Church downtothe , SO-CALLED REFORMATION, in the sixteenth century, Father Vaughah proceeds:—Such was the time when Luther broached his new heresies,' and it was this time when England suddenly discovered that a great mistakehadbeen made. She formu lated it in her second hook of Homilies, where they would read words that had been carefallyand legally written— that " all clergy and laity, learned and unlearned, all sects and degrees of men, women, and children, a thing most horrible and dreadful to think of, have been at euce drowned in abominable idolatry,, of all viced the most detested of God and the most damnable to man, and tills for the space of right hundred yearS and more." The book from which this sentence was taken was spoken Of in thh thirty-fifth of the Thirty-Nine' Articles as "a godly work and a most necessary for this tame." According*^ this proposition, which was read in the nntry in the sixteenth ppear. that for eight more, all Caj h^stendom—he olatry. So tl St. Edward thel Sim*, St. \nsHjL St. Thomas ofi •baty, BltsseBThomas Mere, Ble v sher^pd thejfrest had been drotoied I " dahmable idolatry,,- the most ominable to man and the most < testa! of fiod.1' How conld tbifl i tenfce harmonise with the senter which said that the ProteBtant Church was the Church of the Bible ? Could it be brought to hiarmonise with thel word spoken on the day of Ascension % Ha^ our Lord failed to keep His pro mise? ' Had He on a sudden, in spite of the magnificent promise made on the day of His Ascension, abandoned HiB Church, and let it fall into damnable idolatry ? It was a blasphemy to think it—to know that Jesus Christ had pro mised to be with His Church, guiding and assisting her, and at the same time to say that she had fallen into and been drowned in abominable idolatry I And how d|d they suppose this wonderful discovery was made that she had fallen into idolatry ? How came it to pass that the so-called Reforma tion was brought about in this dear land of ours ? The Protestant Bishop -of Manchester, in an address entitled, " The Origin of the Information," told us that the positive cause of the Refor mation was the revival of learning and the gradual increase of knowledge. In this address be spoke a great deal about the work of Collet and the massive learning of Erasmus, ana be went out of his way to scrape up handfuls of mud to fling at the Catholic Church. Still he had not, Father Vaughan maintained, proved this thesis. I come to the conclusion, said the rev. gentle man, that His Lordship must have for gotten his lessons in history, or read them as witches are said to read the Pater Noster—thatis, backwards. For, take the Protestant historian, Lord Macanlay. Speaking of the Reforma tion, he calls it " a political job, got up by Henry, the murderer of his wives, continued by Somerset, the murderer of his brother, and accomplished by Eliza beth, the murderer of her guest." Father Vaughan then put before his hearers the real cause of this change of religion in England, pointing out, in the first place, that it could not be due to the revival of learning. He did not believe that Our Lord would so inno vate upon His practice, upon the law laid down for Himself, that a knowledge of Greek and Latin would bring His Church back to the truth after it had fallen into idolatry for eight hundred years. It was not to " professors of wisdom" that He looked for bringing back His Church to reform. If it had fallen into idolatry for eight hundred years, and He wished to bring it back, He would never make use of tools such as these. He would have called forth, as He did before when He wanted work done or reforms brought about, men like St. Bernard, St. Vincent Ferrar, St. Charles Borromeo, or St. Francis of Sales; not the men who were the " reformers" of the sixteenth century men whom Dr. Littledale spoke of as "irredeemable villains." He would never use men whose motives or means, as this Protestant clergyman said, con victed them of scoundrelism. And if the revival of learning brought back England to " the Holy Church of Eng land," as the Bishop called it, how came it that this great tide of learning which bad swept over Italy before it had. passed on to England—over Italy, where men were much more refined and more * intellectually gifted than in our country—how came it that it did not sweep away the Papal supremacy and cause the acceptance of the new teach ing ? How was it that the great men who introduced this Greek learning into England, men like Fisher and More, remained Catholics ? If it was learning that was required they had it. Why didn't they become Protestants ? Why did Fisher and why did More go to the gallows, and why did Erasmus say such hard, Buch bitter things, against the Reformed Church ? How came it again, he asked, if the Protes tant Church was a return to primitive Christianity and to the pure teaching ef the Biblp, that she had not been able to show her mission from Jesus Christ! Where were her miracles, attesting her Divine appointment to this work ? Where ware the texts in Scripture which £&oriled; the " reformers" to correct their mother ? Where was the passage in Holy Writ which hinted at the i sibility of th^Church going wrong! dred/yagrs bang bro^ ~ moot r dH,hiB et ithj the: emu in ancropfti. \i of special pleadit hich concerned their eterns tloB1'? What was the use of trying ixplain away this text/and that? them keep the Holy Scripture all her, harmonising it, and let them ;hc^owledge that if they believed in QjirLorfl at all they mutt believe His and every Word He' uttered. {What was the true explanation ofxhe change of religion in this country ? The people-of England were cheated out-of their religion in the time of Henry, and they were starved outof fit in the days of Elizabeth. Father Yaughan went on to show that the real explanation of the Reformation was to be found in Henry's relations with Anne Boleyn. He .described how Henry rejected Papal, atMorUy In nonsequehU^iip#i4{ became the supreme headof'thfc O&nreu;' of Ehglahd. It was, he said, a sad story to go over, but he begged them to read and understand it wfell. They would find that those who suffered hD der Henry—Fisher and More and .many others—suffered becaose they re fused to subscribe to the Royal supre macy, and that in the reign of Elizabeth the people were starved out -of their religion, as in the reign Of Henry they had been cheated out of it. THE CHUBOH IN ENGLAND. Concluding witHi a splendid and in spiring peroration, the preacher said: " Ob, my countrymen, a dark day was that for England when Bhe left the teaching of the Apostles and her mother the Church and raised up a mere function of the State, a mere de partment of the Government, to be her Church. To-day what is the state of that Church ? Is there any feature at all that resembleB the true Church ? Is there any nnity of doctrine ? Is there any uniformity of religious semcp ?: Is there any kind of obedience to the Church? How can they be expected to love and be loyal to a Church which is simply a department of Govern ment, living upon the breath of an Act of Parliament, and feeding upon the spoils of her legitimate mother, the Catholic Church ? How can it be expected that Almighty God would bless a Church that sprang from such a source? If the fountain be muddy, what is the stream ? Oh, come back to her who can teach you the Word of God ; come back to her who is the mother of saints; come back to her who can teach you the truth, and the truth shall make you free. What an extraordinary thing it is to see an educated man, a high official of the State, a Bishop of the Established Church, implying that the unity that is in the Catholic Church is the result of paralysis of thought and atrophy of conscience. How can he dare to speak thus, when we have in the Catholic Church in England men like Cardinal Newman and Cardinal Manning, when we have men learned in every sense, men who are true to their country, men who are loyal, men who can speak and who can think and who have the freedom of the sons of God ? Oh, my brethren, how can it be expected, if we believe the Church to be the true am bassador of Jesus Christ, speaking with His authoritative voice, that we should leave her for one who can only speak with a voice that can be compared to a town clock? Surely we should be more than cowards, we should be worse than renegades, miserable poltroons, traitors to the cause, if we left her who has made us what we are, who has made this country what it is. For she it was who gave to you your great charter—Magna Charta—of English liberties, she who set up trial by jnry, she who gave you freedom and fought for your cause. Where should we be but for the Catholic, old Catholic Eng land ? Was she suffering from para lysis of thought aud atrophy of con science who built our great minsters and cathedrals ? Where are the cathe drals built by our Protestaot fellow countrymen? Are they to be com pared with those buildings that we have lifted up in this country ? Are we suffering from paralysis of thought who have given so much in literature to j the world ? Where would the world be now bnt for the learning and the work of the transcribing monks in their cells ? Who gave yon liberty f Who saved yon from slavery ? Who brought « only truth which made you It, was the Catholic Church, itine landed on our Kentish there was #he ere was ibelhdS^ ngl thtosoi etaPfo hn^lnWite vandalism^tlmjPurning and churches, and shi (days wtehEngland fir testant, yousee traces of the beau\ splendour of |he, Church. And4 again you see tbe^Catholic Church in this land full of n^sf'putffag forth the " affiti - ' bloom of youth and the Mr&tnesB;^ofher perfections. Great buildings arise as .ibis-Church*Here-you,willheat..tha Word spoken that will make you free. What is it that We want to mskehs free ? We want the knowledge of the truth and the power to act upon it. Where is the truth known but in the Catholic Church ? Tell me'what, out side the Catholic Church, do they know, jj about Baptism ? What agreement ijjj: there about Confession ? What agree ment is there about the Real Presence ? Oh, my brethren, as I look upon my countrymen I see the handwriting on the wall—-disendowment, disestablish ment. It must come. There is no unity. The Church of England ie falling to piecea like an old house, and though efforts are being made to estab lish unity, it is always on the same lines—by compromise. The Catholic Church knows nothing about compro mise. She has the truth, and with the freedom of the sons of God, she speaks out straight to her brother men. Let us to-day ask ourselves the question, are we in the true Church; and if we are let us hold on to its teachings. But if any of you are not of her, come to know her and you will come to love her; and coming to know her she will teach you the truth, and^the^truth shall make you free witht the freedom With which Christ has made you free. The Religious . Okders nr Scot land.—His Lordship the Bishop of Galloway, Scotland, has given the parish of Wigton to the charge of mem bers of the White Canons of the Pre monstratensian Order, who intend to extend their Order to this part of Scot land. They come horn the Pubboro, Sussex, house of the Order. The Bene dictines were the first of the old reli gious order to re- enter on their patrimony in Alba ; and, on a singular interposition of Providence, they erected their monastic home in the very place (Fort Augustus) which had been erected to stamp out Catholicity from the Highlands. The old fort forms no inconsiderable portion of the new monastery. In August, 1S80, the Pri mate of the newly-restored Hierarchy of Scotland, Bishops from various parts of the world, Abbots, clergy secular and regular, with the best of Scotland's sons, took part in this first restoration of the Monastic Order. The Yen. Bishop of Galloway has now the privi lege of bringing in another branch of the great Benedictine family. Deo (jratias ! The Pontiff and the Faithful,— The Sacred Congregation of Bishops and Regulars hare issued a circular containing instructions relative to the circumstances in which the Holy Father is placed, and the recent outrages which have been offered to the Holy See through the festival which has been held to honour the memory of Giordano Bruno. The document desires that in all the churches at the convenient time ef a large attendance, the recent Allo cution of the Pope shall be read in the vernacular} that further, by means of Pastorals and the pulpit, the faithful be informed ef the heinousness of the crime condemned in-that document, and of their obligation to avoid the snares laid for them, to oppose the Masonic sects, to guard the Faith, and to defend most strenuously the liberty of the Holy Father, holding that their freedom is bound up with his. Lastly, that public prayers should be undertaken by the faithful, together with works of penance and expiation, to satisfy in some sort for the trophy recently set up< against God in Rome, and to draw down " His mercy upon the Church whereby He may save her, and free her from difficulty and from her enemies, and whereby they may be led to. her maternal embrace." -• A t-J y-n -o y.tt f U7W on • Gkti8tunhMtooaUn&an; thdprnhl—n which #eeisU|p?oAelb the dndkipf Methodism inltriy; Hesafb that flrtanriiaUyJtaly is* baggai, pmhaoelly • p*tieat,*ndjepiritaally ■;*•:. corpse. :Thisexplaina, perhapsyWhyMithodiam -doesnotget cn inltaly* forif there ibe one i«eet > which mom than-anotherCOn donethiag with a corpse, i! is Metho dism:; The.fchiefpoint ©ftbe Bishop's no^in is- oontainedin tbeatatetnen t ooiH*nung/thefln&acial;! statisoi Italy. Since diet state wasmade known -we hearnothing of thebehefltsof Italian nnityfrom our Protestant brethren. Evenlhe Bishop's words-we printed without comment He says:-—"Finan cially, Italy is distressed. Borne straggles for life.: In ;an important sense Borne is Italy. Whatever affects the great capital iB felt throughout the kingdom. History flows in the chan nels it has worn centuries deep.. The magnetism of the old relic is only increased by the signs of life. The form which by its beauty has drawn around its bier critics from all .king doms, now draws -to its displays admirers from all the world. The gladiator is more powerful than the corpse. So Borne to day is more to Italy than ever before. It is the vortex into which everything is being drawn. The embarrassments in Borne indicate what is extended over all Italy. The long blocks of nearly completed houses and palaces which have not advanced for moBths are unmistakable indices to one familiar with the history of some American cities. Wide foundations •stopped in the first or second stories, with unused materials corded up and. partly covered with growing grass and weeds, are financial thermometers. These signs are confined to the newly developed portions of the city. The narrow streets and largely-increased population prevent such signs in the older parts of the city. But withered branches indicate reduced vitality. Th outposts are being driven in. Taxa tion is also a signal. It is tod heavy for prosperity. One-fourth or one third of the income of property or of business is taken by the tax gatherer. Labor divides, again with capital. As a borrower, Italy feels her poverty." The Heir Presumptive of France. —The Comte de Paris, who has never been ashamed to practise his religion, is forty-eight years old. In spite of Boulanger — or, rather, because of; Boulanger—he may be King of the French sooner than is generally ex pected : the present Republic having " no hope in heaven and a very doubt ful hope of earth." The Comte's mother was a Lutheran princess, but one of the gentlest of creatures, who rejoiced when her boys made their First Communion, and who loved the ceremonies of the Catholic Church. She encouraged the devotion of her children. The Comte is thus described by a writer in the Figaro :—" The blonde beard in which his mobile face was at one time set has disappeared, and he now wears a moustache only. His hair is turning grey, but his tall figure is as robust and supple as ever. He rises at half-past five in summer and at six in winter, and, lighting his lamp if necessary, begins the labor of the day. He has a little breakfast with his family at eight, then he returns to bis work. His correspondence is exten sive, and he makes a point of replying to all his letters. At noon the dining room door is opened for le grand dejeuner. Immediately after this repast the Comte gives audience to bis visitors, and this goes on sometimes until seven o'clock." The Sovereign Pontiff and the Harvard University College, Boston.—Pope Leo XIII. baa seat, through Archbishop of Bostoa, Dr. WilliamB, the following contributions to the Harvard College library • " Delia Georgrafia. Di Strabone," by Guiseppi Cozzi Luzz'i; " It Grandi Papiro Egizio Delia Bibliotheca Vati cana;" " Bibliotheca Apostolica Vati cana—Codicibus Manuscript^ Resen si ta Jubente Leone XIII." " Theodori Prodomi Commenturu," " Tatiani Evangeliorum Arabice," " A1 Sommo Pontifice Leone XIII.," and " Omagio Giubilare Delia Bibliotheca Vaticana." His Holiness has made other valuable literary presents to Oxford and Cam bridge Libraries. Is it too much to hope for that our University Library may be remembered . also when our Archbishop pays hip next visit ad Limina ? $ "BEpVBH|n>lTALT."--&W;& fc«S bMO thai tmin ftetM of *11 . hatsrsfof thetamporalpowerof thsPope,»ye, and. of fcH hatUrsof Galhalicisfti. y 33»e EtmtngJoumal of the 20th alt^givee the folio wing item '.rrllJ3al$ haa adebtof 4,862,809,000 dofc, the largest ofa^y nation inthe civilised world, calling for 190,000,OOjO :i interest Annually,." Tibia it given inlire, and representsin ouir. curreney:--Gapital,£174,512,000; interest, / £76,000,000. Tins i$ the fruitnf nineteen years misrule.and plunder of Cburches, Cbnvents, Col leges, minor schools, and the religions foundations for widows and orphans. Hear the testimony of an enemy, a Methodist of America, sometime mis sionary in Borne. 'Another American paper adds:—" And this after robbing so many convents and monasteries and Church estates! Crispi is, however, preparing to steal a little more, and with the finances in a better state with the brigands, Methodism may improve." The Bev. Frederick George Lee, Anglican vicar of All Saints, Lambeth, writing to St. James's Qaxette apropos of an article on " The Power of the Pope," quotes a letter which he received in May, 1888, from the late Archbishop Ullathorne, whom as a friend of forty years' standing he con gratulated on hiB elevation to a titular Archbishopric. His Grace said—" I have certainly seen wonderful changes in this country since the year 1832, when I went out to Australia, and that in two directions—in advancement of doctrine in one direction, and of infidelity, unfortunately, in the oppo site. Bat what surprises me most is the progress in the Australian Colo nies, where I found three priests, and where now we have a hierarchy of five Archbishops and twenty-two Bishops, with nearly 7,000 priests." There are but seven Anglican Bishops and little more than 700 Anglican clergy in Australia. Monsignor Flava, Bishop of Grenoble, who has just returned from Rome, has accepted, by the express wish of the Holy Father, the Patriarch ate of Jerusalem, which was left vacant by the death of Monsignor Bracco. Up to the present the Patriarchal See of Jerusalem has been filled by Italian prelates; and the French Catholics, both at home and in the East, are accordingly gratified by the elevation of their fellow-country man. Monsignor Flava will be at home in the Holy Land, as he has already been a missionary in Syria and Pales tine, and has an intimate acquaintance with the East. The people and clergy of Kingston, says United Canada, will, no doubt, feel special pride and satisfaction in the honour conferred on their venerable dio cese and venerated chief pastor by the Holy See. Kingston has been raised to metropolitan rank, with the Diocese of Peterboro, and a new diocese likely to be formed out of the Counties of G-renville, Stormont, and Glengarry, with Cornwall as the Episcopal See, as suffragans. Toronto will retain as suffragan sees Hamilton and London. There is no diocese in all Canada more worthy of metropolitan honor, nor any Bishop in the Dominion better qualified for the 'Archiepiscopal dignity than Bishop Cleary. The new ecclesiastical Province will be very extensive, stretch ing from Glengarry to the height of land away beyond Lake Superior. The progress of Christianising Wes tern Bengal is satisfactory beyond the wiideBt hopes. It iB remarkable that English writers have either failed to notice or entirely ignored the strides made in India by the Catholic Church. Whole districts are embracing the faith. The Jesuits Father Huyghe and Father de Smet recently added 5,000 new Christians to the fold in the province of Chota-Nagpoor. The conversion of the Rev, L. W. Townsend, the Superior of the Oxford University Mission in Calcutta, was, according to a correspondent, a moBt startling piece of news to the English Church authorities throughout India. Mr. Townsend, albeit a shy, retiring man, was » distinct power in India. He is not only a good Sanskrit and Bengali seholar, but is well read in Continental literature of every variety. In the Phillipine Islands there are 519 Spanish Dominican priests. They have 69 parishes and 22 missions, a .d minister to 650,000 souls. The Spanish Jesuits have charge of 157,827 Chris tians. In the year 1887-8 they baptised 2,600 adult pagans. DxOORSB OF MAITLAjp, P. Corcorpn, f>o has »§nt mapyyoara op the ipismon in Am-: tralia, lyut returpeff to IreUndupd joined the Cistercians at Mount Mel lerpy, County Watarford. ., . Jifl879 there were probably not napre $hanl20 Catholics innll New England, no Bishop, Mid bint one priest; to-day there arpin ^he same New. England one Archbishop, ,, six suffragan Bishops upwards of 900 priests, and a devoted Catholic popula tion of more than a million and a quarter. The Conntess Anna. Ahlfeldt Lauriger, of Denmark, and her sister, aged twenty- fire years, were received into the Church recently by the Apostolic-Prefect, Monsignor John de Each, at Odense. This lady's eldest sister, Baroness Wedell Jarlsberg, as also her mother, were numbered among the converts to the Church last year. They are nieces of the Danish Minister of Foreign Affairs. Three are fifty young Irish Novices in the Order of French Christian Brothers in the Paris Novitiate, all preparing for the various Dioceses of Canada. It is generally believed that the report made by the German Minister at the Quirinal relative to the Giordano j Bruno festival, drew from the Emperor j William a private letter—some say of I sympathy with Leo XUL, some say of remonstrance with Signor Crispi. Certain it is that the official and Protestant press of Germany has treated the celebration with the greatest coldness as a meeting of international anarchists. Among the names of the English committee who countenanced the sacrilegious statue to Giordano Bruno, atheist and blasphemer, are Algernon Charles Swinburn, poet of unnamable filth; Bradlaugh, openly immoral and infidel; and Huxley, who puts science in place of our Lord. The Pope sent a telegram of con gratulation to the Emperor of Brazil on his escape from the attempt upon his life. To an autograph letter to the King of Denmark for his silver wedding, His Holiness has received an autograph reply of very cordial thanks. On the occasion of the pilgrimage from Alsace Lorraine to Montmartre, Paris, 160 Masses were celebrated, and about 4,000 persons received com munion. The province was consecrated to the Sacred Heart amidst deep emotion. 