BLYTHE HALL. The coaches drew up before Craig's Court, and the whole party stepped out. The officers guarded Hobhs and Rigdon. Few led the way up the court. He had the keys in his pocket-keys he never parted with now-and it was not long ere they stood at the door. He opened it with a trembling hand. The four men walked into the office, which we have already fully described. Rigdon, who was impatient to be alone, went at once to a moderate sized chest and opened it. *This contains everything,' he said, pointing to a pile of papers within. 'Let me examine,' replied Mr. Thomas, coldly, drawing forth a list which he had made during the course of the. last year's proceedings. . Then, vwhile Horace Balscombe held the candle, he slowly and methodically pulled out one document after another and compared them with his note book. The examination lasted nearly an hour an hour of agonizing torture to Rigdon-- of deep interest to the other spectators. At last Thomas came to the last document. 'Is it all right ?' said Horace, eagerly. 'Perfectly so,' replied Thomas, coolly, 'with the exception of one deed.' Rigdon, who thought this forgotten, turned to his iron safe with muttered curses and produced it. He was at that hour completely at their mercy. He inwardly planned some terrible vengeance. SI have your word, Mr. Horace--I have yours, my lord,' he said, humbly, though tears of rage nearly suffocated him. ' I have pledged mny word,' leplied Horace, coldly. ' With a hundred thous and pounds you might do great harm; the interest will, when we succeed, give you a position above temptation. Let the future, sir, make us forget the past.' 'Are you satisfied ?' said Rigdon, biting his lip till the blood came. 'I am,' continued Horace, taking one end of the precious box into which all the deeds had been carefully placed, while Lord Claude took the other. 'Come, Thomas.' And the three men went out with the lawyer's treasure, leaving him all but a maniac in that cold and dismal room. At the end of the court they placed the box in the carriage and drove to Thomas's chambers, where the whole ot the contents was placed under lock and key. They then drove to their mnn and settled with Hobbs and the officers. The thief and the thief-takers departed equally satisfied. John Meaden and Mary, his wife, had retired to an upper room to sleep. Meanwhile the baffled knave closed the doors of his office and sat down for a few moments to think. His brain was in a fevered whirl. The events of that day ap peared a horrid dream-old Merton the Evil One who had come to tempt him and those who had just left, the avenging angels. He sank back in his arm chair and gazed wildly around. ' Ruined 1-robbed I-beggared ! They will not keep their words. Is it for this I have toiled and slaved, and counted the guineas earned like drops of blood? Is it for this that eleven years ago I secured a legacy-by what means? Is it for this that I fed and clothed that scoundrel Balscombe, and his wife and family? Idiot --maniac !--fool! If they .deceive me, I have spent seven thousand pounds in vain I Oh, that I had the fires of ever lasting punishment to pour upon their heads I Hobbs, too-the man whom 1 have saved from the gallows-whose alibi I have proved twice that he might not hang I Baffled !-cheated --laughed at ! but I will be revenged on all, on every body, on them, on Jane, on myself!' and tearing his hair with a howl like a wild beast, he started to his feet. 'Why is man so helpless, so puny, so hampered with laws ? I could kill them all-I could plunge them into wells, and listen to their agony as rich music. I could kill myself--ah! I why not? 'Tis better to die than live the slave of the men you fear.' He looked around as if for the means of suicide. His eyes were bleared and bloodshot-his mouth foanmed. 'But no-they would rejoice--they would triumph-and Jane would marry her ac cursed Charley Pearson! Rather live in agony for years. But what to do- with Merton.? Ah I I have not given up every document. Yes; I have copies. He will know no better. I can easily persuade him they are the originals, Ha I ha! ha I shall yet baffle the villains.' And he rose with a 'wild and cynical laugh, and, fastening the door behind him went out -into the street. It was very dark and gloomy, and very late. The shops were all shut, save a few public houses. Ridgon went into one of those those which he was in the habit of frequently and called for brandy and water. Men looked up and stared at him, so ghastly was his visage, so pallid his air, men who knew him too, and they scarcely dared speak. ' Well, Rigdon, what is the matter?' said one, more intimate with him than any of the others; 'have you seen a ghost ?' ' I've seen you,' replied the lawyer, surlily, but at the same time time rousing himself. 'I've only just left the office -so I suppose I look fagged-what will you have, Thompson ?' The man looked more surprised still. It was not Rigdon's habits to ask men to drink'at his expense. 'VWell, since you are so pressing,' replied Thompson, with a wink at his friends, ' I'll take brandy and water.' ' Branzy and w-a-a-ter--eh!' said one, raising his head from a half -leeping posture; 'who said brandy and water branzy and w-a-a-ter ? I do. It's a-kind of a-kind of a liquor I'm partial to ! Ah, old boy, is 'hat you, Rigdon ? I say, didze old mammy finze ye; I was zan hour finding your address.' 'Iam very much obliged to you, Mr. Pepper,' replied Rigdon with studied coldness; 'a gentleman somewhat vener rable in age did call upon me. If I owe you any trouble; I give you thanks.' Pepper here attempted to rise, but failed, and sunk once more into a heavy slnmber. -IHe had spent the whole five pounds. Rigdon drank several glasses, and paid for many more for his friends. About two, he felt a little recovered from his terrors and alarms, and taking a vehicle, ordered them to drive him home, where an unexpected humiliation awaited him. He approached his house wrapped in deep thought, which was suddenly, how ever, disturbed by the sound of revelry by night. I-IHe distinctly heard in that lonely neighbourhood music and singing. Alh I what did this mean ? What horrid sound was this greeted his ear ? It is from his own house, I-Ie distin guished a piano played vigorously, and a fine manly voice singing aloud. 'That scoundrel, Charley Pearson,' lhe cried, choked with rage; 'the jade thinks I will not return until morning, Heavens I am I to be defied on all sides? At least, here I am master-and will yes, will be revenged.' 