WESLEYAN ANNUAL DISTRICT MEETINGS. SOUTHERN DISTRICT The financial seasion of the annual meeting of this district was held in the Pine-street lecture-hall on Wednesday. The Rev. D. a. Wyhe, president of the conference chairman •Yflie, pnuoeai w toe vgyicwuwvuiw ■■ of the rtiefaiot), took tbe chair. The Hooi John Colton and the?ev. E. a Biekfotd (teeretary of the Home Miauon fund of the Victoria Oonferenot) were oordiaUy wel conicd. In addition to the ministers in the district the following circuit stewards represented their respective ciroaiU: — Pine-street circuit, Means. li. J. Fnrnell and W. liong; Archer street, Messrs. W. J. Diskenson and J. La Coisn; Kent Town, Mr. 8. Churchward, B. A.; Norwood and Magill, Mr. R. Kelly; Bromp ton, Mea*ra. T. Harry and Matey; Unley, Messrs. B. ionftmau, Jan., and T. J. Matters! G enel?, Mr. D. Nock; Fort Adelaide and frm.phore, Mr. E. H. Batter; WUlu?ga, hit. O. Lawrence; Clarendon, Hon. John Cair; Aldgate Mr. X. Giles. The state of church propetty in the district van reported on aa follows: — Number of churches, 102; other preaohing placet, 18; ectite cost of charobes and parsonages, £1*9,679; dtbt remaining on churches, £«,6lBj on parsonages, £4,573; total debt, £47.190. The erection of a new lectare-hall at Parkmde coet ££50; OonfereDce regulations observed, there being a balance of £50 in hand after meet ine cost of erection. Permission was granted to Yankalflla circnit to sell churches and •rt vanning land at Oamcalinga and Spring bank, the proceeds to be derated to the Yan kalOla pjrsonafre bust. The Murray Bridge and CelliDgton circuit was permitted to build a church at St. Itee. rQte amount avaSaUe from the loss f and {or the colony was £1,4i0, £M 0 of which had been allocated by the committee to the aoothern district Applications wen received from Ifcebarton for £100, Murray Bridge (ohureh) £60, Norwood (parsonage) £800, Magill (church) SCO, Albarton £300, Woodville £250. The Thebartoa application wm not enter tained, the arrears owing to the fund not having been paid on the prescribed date. Tue •hole amount (£300) was voted to the Norwood parsonage. It was resolved—"That if arrears owing to the fund are paid before Conference the Conference be recommended to vote to the Fort Adelaide circnit the amount applied for." Hie Eev. T. Lloyd was appointed to accom pany the fihain?uw as representativa to the Conference stationing committee, and Mr. D. Daiidson was elected a member of tha Some Mission committee. o%e amount required for the worn oat minis ters' fund was £144 IS*.; amount raised by 00l- Uctions in district, £116 14a. 6d.; leaving £23' Ss. 6d. to be made np by cueoiti in arrears. Of the amount available from the Home Minion fund for distribution among tbe circaits in the colony (£570) £iOO was allocated to the district. Tbe retornt forthesonthcrn district werereai by the Sicebtaby as follows:—Ohurohes. 102; I arsonages, 18; schoolrooms, 34; ministers and treaehen on trial, 38; local preachers, 158: class leaden, 164; Sabbath-school teachers, 1,(65; members, 8,136; on trial. 79; jonior rnemben, 333: commanicants, 155; Sonday echoalc, 91; Sunday scholars. 9.288 ; bands of tope, 30; band of hope members, 1,565; church attendants, 19.838. Tha recommendation of the Archer street quarterly meeting proposed by the Rev. J. H. Tbxvokbow and seconded by Mr. Itisaxis— "That the practice of giving invitations to ministers is becoming more and more perplex ing, and it is oilcaUtedin the near future to render tbe Hmwancy unworkable, and should therefore be dircontamed by the Oonferenee " —was lost, cntf the mover and seconder voting in iti favor. It was resolved—V That this district meet ing ezpresies its approval of the aetLn of the latt General Oonferenee in ordering crgolar and systematic interchanges of minister* be tween tbe respective annual conferences, and in view of the difficulty which has arisen in tarrying oat the law respectfully raxes the Annual Conference of Booth Australia to sup port the General Conference in maintaining the principle expressed in the new regulation for rachinterehangea." On the motion of the Eev. C. T. Niwhah. j the following resolution was earned unani mously-.—"That this district meeting views with alarm the proposal of the Government to subsidise private schools, believing that such a course would be wjarioas to tha precentfpnblie school system..and lead to direct State aid to renfrion. It earnestly , hope* that the proposal will be rejeated by Parliament." The application of the Pine- street quarterly nue?"g tor the Oonferenee to withdraw toe fourth minister from the circuit ws*. at the r qy.ftt oi the circuit stewards, withdrawn. 'lie cjueaiton of the test of membership vas it ferred by the -General Conference of the Australasian Weeleyan Methodist Cl urch to the quarterly and district meet irjpn tbroDghont the colonies. Resolutions from various quarterly meetings in the dis ttict were read, and a discocrion ensued. The R?v. T. Liotd moved, and the Rev. C. T. Newman seconded, the following resolution: —" That this district meeting, having received the rrporta from the quarterly meetings, in which tbe larpe majirity of the offices of our church hare decidedly proaoonaed their ver dict in favor of retaining the historic tost of membership, we earnestly and reepeetfnUy nrge the *>■■«—■«■ to atai reqane members of the WesUyan church to saeet in elate" The Bey. T. lajotd thought that good had been done by the discussions ontheaabjaet, Even tbe young people had been led to examine the «obj4et. and wen bagmntngte eoqnire whether the date meeting wm sot a necessary part of Mwthndimn. The Rev- S. B. Gasbt raopoted aa an amendment—"That this meeting recommend* the adoption of Hie recommendation of the Oonferenee on the question of membership, viz, ■ That members of tbe Anstralaaian Wedeyan Methodist Church have their names enrolled in class books, and are strmujly advised to meet in data/" He was prepared to sustain the class meeting as • spiritual institution, a meeting inside the tknien, a muting for those for whom it wm a some of ■pintail profit; but to make laws which would ■"■■"-'"'■? many godly people who did not for varioua reasons attend the class meet ing, would be intolerant. Baptism and attend anoeat the Lord's Sapper wtM tha only conditions recognised in the New Testament. Mr. D. Nook, in seconding the amendment, •aid their business aaCmmistea and local preachers wm to bring people to Christ and keeptlwmfaithfultoEGm,aiid he thought it Was possible lor this to be aooomplished in soma ea*ea apart bosn compulsory iihmHihi in ehaa. The Rot. B. If. Hctto said they ought not to lower their standasd in order to meet a lower state of spiritual life. H they pot tbe dass wwwtiTig on the same footing as tha prayer meeting ttey wool! find it would be attended by smaller and smaller numbers. The testimony of other Methodist Ohnrahe* wm to the effect that tbe dass meeting was doomed a it beoame a matter of being ■•strongly advised" instead of " required to meet. 1' Tbe Rev*. J. Y. BncP3CH ani E. Babbks suppntad the ame?dmas^the latter were two dsases of members. The?sv. O. T. Niwius raged that the dam meeting fnmiihed the best means for the enSnra of the young life in their ehunh. Mr. I>. J. Fmnnu, said that a'most *Q then maet aative worker* wen those who were most unnstaully attuudinn elm meet ing. If filer were destitnte of the working f one supplied boa their classes it would be difficult to carry on the aggressive work of the church. Mr. S. Chobohwabo, B.A, maintained that those who were ratine for the resolution were voting in farar of dead-letter bgUation and inoperative enact ments. The Rev. G. E. Row* said that history wm all on the side of the poaitioa of those who maintained that the abolition of tha dass meeting m the test of membecship led to serious iif iiliiiiw rtllwnl«mjn at th?t meeting with the supervision it ensured, meant tbe asenring generally of a certain condition of heart and rite. The present m*SA that It would be suicidal for British Methodism to follow the Methodist Episcopal Church of America in tttb dnectum. The Rev. S. F. Pbxot thought some of them wen forinttnff that while Methodism wm onoe a society it wm now a ehnroh. If, as at first, it wee only a society within a church they would have the right to oon dustttcn the most rigid lines. He held Out as a churcfa they shoald be preoaced to ambram vithin tta border* all who loved the Ijord Jesus Christ. They must make their dastes dinctne anl) instraetive, bat not im perative in cbsractar. What they wanted wm the downpenrins o( the Holy Ghost. Tbe elaaa mcatrng* originally wen a remit of •uiiitoal life rather than the eaneei of it They most go bade to the old-time praashing and spirit, and then there would be the oil fire and the crowding to the elats meeting tbey deriifd to see. The Rev. T. Lloyd having replied, the amendment wm pat sad lotti She motion beta* carried by 20 vote) to 13. 