Spirit Photographs. By a Spirit PnoioanArniiB. (Tail Mall Budget, June 13.) Hearing a great deal of theao-oalled spirit photographs, whioh aro supposed to be tho latest manifestation vouchsafed spiritualistic believers, the writer thought he might, by a little ingenuity, be onablod to work out and ex pose such utter nonsense. Being a member of tho largo army of amateur photographers, it would not bo difficult for him, onco on tho j.i£iib ii-auit, iu Hurry luu inubter out. .cirum experiments mado and tho spocimeus shown, ho oan very well explain tho method used by these impostors, all that is required bung a knowledge of photography aud tho ordinary paraphernalia. The spiritualist in his leisure hours first of all arranges hia ghost — man, woman, or child, as the oase may be — in becoming grave clothes, or garments of a vory light hue, well powdering the model's faoo, and poses them against a black velvot back ground in any attitude desired, noting well by pencil marks on tho ground glass of his oamera the exact position of the object as shown thereon, such notes and positions bring aUo enterod in a book for reference, with anumbor of the photo graphic plate, whioh is now exposed on the 'coipae-like form.' The medium oau then take the oamera and dark slides, charged, with tho plates already imprinted with tho ' vision ' above, to anyone's houeo, ioquiro whose spirit is desired, departed father, mother, or child, relicts the plute corresponding to such re quest, adjusts tho 'mortal' in a position Buitublo to tho negative solootod, exposes, then dovolops, and Io ! the misty spirit of tho departed one iB seen hovering around the form of tho duped one : imagination and credulity do tho rest Tho print named 'Tho Ghost of Louis' appearing to his brother Fabian,' takeu from, tho ' Corsican Brothers,' Bhowa the 'ghost ' well. In thiB it represents tho samo person, and it may bo related that all theso pictures wero actually photographed by the person hore por trayed. The picture of 'Tho Uook who some times loses hia head' ia tho stme individual. This plate required four different expoanres, yet tho minutice of tho room and baokground are apparent. Tho ' Bonne histoiro' ia also the namo man taken on a singlo plate by himself, and required two exposures. ' Xhe man looking at himself as n mannikin' is rathor peculiar, the dwarf like figuro having boon pho tographed quite a month before the rest of the pietnre was expoBnd to the samo plate. ' Tho ? ' man sitting with his own head on a table before him' waa taken in Hko mariner. All these ' prints are from,1Binglo nogativeo, so it will bo ,??'': seen how easily tho Spiritualists oan work thoir ?? ???-. ???? latest Bensation ? Fall Mall Budget. [Note.— The above paper haB six illustrations/) ' ? ,. Our little boy G years old, was sent to sohool last week for the first time, and on Mb return! ? homo asked his papa— 'Who taught the .first man his letters ?' ' ?, ?? ? -^ It is not on the stsgo only that rude; re-; . partee paBBSB for wit. Many of tho olub smoking-room stories now ourronr depend for thoir Bole point on tho utterance. of some smart ... importlnenoo. Tako, for oxample, that one ? whioh iB now being told at tho expense of Dc. ' C ? , the well known physioian. Ono day, it seems, a good-natured friend reported to a ? popular author that Dr. O ? had boon speak ing mostdiBparaginRly of him and hia' works.1' ' ??? ! ''lhat docBn't trouble me,' replied the literary'1 ' ?-' man. ' Dr. C— — wiU havo to Bay something ? ' ?' very much moro offensivo boforo he can anger me. In fact,' ho added, 'I am roady to ' take ? ? ' anything from Dr. O — but hia professional ' ??? ' advice!.' ? ... , \ , .. ..;;,.,,;,, , 