Gathered Grain. Charged with eleotrioity— tho subscribers to thb bell telephone. The barber who nhnvoB boys would make a good city editor. Ho learns to out dowa. Tho fastest of Eritish cruisers, tho Shell druko, 20 knots, just launohed, is a steel twin sorew. An heir brake Bhould invariably go with every fortune which is loft to a rapid or frivol - OU* young man. Joseph Cook says : '? Tho saloon is in the raddle.' Be muet havo heard someone speak of a pony of whisky. Twenty years hence no hunter will bo able to discover a wild elephant on any portion of this globo. The big bea.~,t must go. It is said of a U.S district attorney, by a rival politican, that the only thing he ever succeeded in hanging was his shingle. President Harrison is the 14th lawyer to hold tho executive chair of the nation. He is also the 14th of pure Anglo- Saxon blood. Threo years ago a man was sent to Sing Sing for life for gouging his wife's eyes out. She visited him the other day and wanted to fall on his neck and kie-i him. There aro 300,000 habitual oriminals, vagrants, paupers, idiuts, aud inn no persons in the State of Sie w- York, of whom seven-eighths are foreigners or born of foreign parents. Jones (to Lib wife) : ' Why is a husband like dough f ' Ho was going to toll her it wai because a woman needs him ; but she replied, ' .Because he is hard to get off her hands.' Bridget Doodv, of Mineral Point, Wis., his a certified copy of tho record of her baptism in county Waterford, Ireland, to prove the truth of her claim that she was born April 5, 1772. The singing of tho song, 'For He's a Jolly Good Fellow,' at public dinners, in England, has become such a mania that a society for the discouragement of the practice is to be or ganised. Dr. Williams, of Mount Carmol, Pa., was bitten by a little, girl whose throat he was treating for diphtheria. Hin entire ai.n is now swollen and discoloured; and he is in a pre carions condition. HoseaHam, of Corinth, Me., has an iron pot which was brought to this country in the Mayflower. It was used as a cooking poc in some of the campaigns of Miles Stundish againBt the Indians. Tho King of the Belgians has a long oherisued idea of paying a visit to the Congo, and thus starting a boom. His majesty will penetrate as far into the interior ot Africa an maybe considered safe for a king. The Trot/ Tress is satisfied that at least 5,000,000,000 dollars iu gold aud silver lies at the bottom of the different oceans, but it is very careful not to name any particular ocean which a fellow might investigate. Mrp. Brief (who has been reading an article on sleep in a health paper) : ' John, is it best to lie on the right aide or tho leftf' John (a lawyer): 'If you are on the light side, it usually isn'tnecessary to !!o at all.' Mr. Jonathan Trump ; 'What's the matter with young Darlington ? He' a going into the conservatory with Dolly Flicker, a& pale as a ghost.' Miss Penolope Peachblow'; ' Going into a decline, I take it, from what I know of Dolly.' It is curious to think that the number of perscnB necessary to carry tradition down from the time of Adam to the present day might all be contained with ease in a large-sized room, calculating them at a rough guess to comprise about 70 persons. An English physician has achieved somo in structive experiments in the use of the grapho phono for recording physical symptoms, such ub coughs aod pu'sea. A cough of to-day can always be recorded and compared readily with one of days before. Rutbian statesmen are aiding.irAhe organisa tion of societies for the prevention and suppres sion of inebriety. Total abstinence, except from light cider and kvass, an acid drink with little alcohol, iB the rule they seek to establish for too hard drinkers. The Russian Government have granted an annual subsidy of 111,000 roubles to a private firm who contract to run a line of steamers ba tween the Russian Pacific ports and Corea, Japan, and China, the vessela in timo of war to bo at the disposal of the Government. Edison has in his workshop at Orange, N.Y., a muBS of flowering shrubs and spreading, palms, which show that while : the inventor's, mind may be practical and mathematical, it u'so lias its sentimental side. There are few men who grow flowers in their workshop. There ib a report that Jay. Gould may take up his residence in London. His home ia not the same since his wife died, and he thinke teriouBly of leaving the management of his American interests to his son George and. operating himself from the oilier Bide of the ooeun. A- door, that opens automatically on putting a coin in tho slit has recently been brought out. The door is made double, each half being L-tbaped and hinged at the angle. They are . dosed and held fast by a look which unlocks when the coin actuates it and the door opens-, and cloecs again after the person enters. A perfumer says that there is more down. light fraud perpetrated ia the- manufacture- of atiar of roses than in the making of any other perfume.. Connecticut is a prominent place lor the production of attar of roses. Helio trope], one of the most popular of perfumes,, is made by combining violet und vanilla in, cer tain proportions. ? . :'... A new application of waste products is the manufacture from cedar-wood , pulp- of a paper for laying under carpets and wrapping up wool, furs, and other things on whioh, motha . love to. feast. JChe paper-makers get the cedar chips from the pencil manufacturers, and the- paper has been voted a groat success by everybody but the aforesaid inotkB, who simply cannot bear it. 