CHAPTER~XLII. IDA GOES TO MEET HEB FATE. Most people of a certain age and a certain degree of sensitiveness of disposition, in looking back down the vista of their lives, wheron memory's .melancholy light plays in fitful flashes like the alternate glow of a censer swung in the twilight of a tomb, can recall some one night of peculiar mental agony. It may have come when first we found ourselves face to face with the chill and hopeless horror of departed life; when, in our soul's despair, we stretched out vain hands and wept, called and no answer came; when we kissed those beloved lips and shrunk aghast at contact with their clay, those lipB more eloquent now in the rich pomp of their unutterable silence than in the brightest hour of their unsealing. It may have come when our honour and the hope of all our days lay at our feet shattered like a sherd on the hard roadway of the world. It may have come when ene, the sweet star of our youth, the pure and holy thing, the type of completed beauty and woman's most perfect measure, she, to whom was given the chalice of our joy, and who held in her white hand the lovebegotten germ of all our power, ruthlessly emptied and crushed it, and, as became a star, slid down our horizon's ways to rise upon some other sky. Or it may have come when Brutus stabbed us, or when a child whom we had cherished struck as with a serpent-fang of treachery, and left the icy poison to creep npon our heart. One way or another it has been with most of us, that long night of utter woe, and all will own that it is a ghastly thing to f aoe. And so Ida de la Molle had found it. The shriek of the great gale rushing on that ChriBtmaB eve round the stout Norman tower was not more strong than the breath of the despair that shook her life, She could not sleep—who could sleep on such a night, the herald of such a morrow ? The wail and roar of the wind, the crash of falling trees, and the rattle of flying stones seemed to form a fit accompaniment to the turmoil of her mind. She rose, and putting on her dressing-gown, went to the window, and in the dim light watched the trees gigantically tossing in a great strnggie for their fife. An oak and a birch were within her view. The oak stood the gale ont—for a while. Presently there came an awful gust and beat upon it. It would not bend, and the tough roots would not give, so beneath the weight of the breath of its destiny the big tree broke in two like a straw, and its spreading top was whirled into the moat. But the birch gave and bent; it bent till its delicate filaments lay upon the wind like a woman's streaming hair, and the fierceneEBof the gust wore itself away and spared it. "See what happens to those who stand up and defy their fate," Baid Ida to herself with a bitter laugh, " The biroh has the best of it." Ida rose and closed the shutters; the eight of the Etorm affected her already strained nerves almost beyond bearing. She began to walk up and down the big room, flitting like a ghost from end to end and back again, and again back. What could she do? What should she do? Her fate was upon her; shs could no longer resist the inevitable—she must marry him. And yet her whole soul revolted from the act with an overwhelming fierceneBS which astonished even herself. She had known two girls who had married people whom they did not like, being at the time, or pretending to be, attached to somabody else, and she had observed that they accommodated themselves to their fate with considerable ease. But it was not so with her; she was fashioned of another clay, and it made her faint to think of what was before her. And yet the prospect was one on which she could expect little sympathy. Her own father, although personally he disliked the man whom she muat marry, was dearly filled with amazement that she should prefer Colonel Quaritch, middle-aged, poor, and plain, to Edward Cossey, handsome, young, and rich as Crcisus. He could not comprehend or measure the extraordinary gulf which her passion dug between the two. If, therefore, this was so with her own father, how would it be with the rest of the world ? She paced her bedroom till she was tired, and then, in an access of despair, which was sufficiently distressing in a person of her reserved and stately manner, flung herself, weeping and sobbing, upon her knees, and resting her aching hoad upon the bed, prayed as she had never prayed before that this cup might pass from her. She did not know—how should she ?—that at that very moment her prayer was being answered, and that her lover was then, even aB she prayed, lifting the broken stone and revealing the hoard of ruddy gold. But so it was; she prayed in despair and agony of mind, ;and tbe prayer carried on the wild wings of the night brought a fulfilment with It. Not In vain were her tears and supplications, for even now the deliverer delved among 3he duet and awful treasures of the dead, and even now the light of her coming happiness was breaking on her tortured night as the firBt cold gieams of the Christmas morning were breaking over the stormy fury of the void without. And then, chilled and numb ia body and mind, she crept into her bed again, and at last lost herself in sleep. By half-past 9 o'clock when Ida came down to breakfast the g»le had utterly vanished, though its footprints were visible enough in shattered trees, unthatched Btacks, and ivy torn in knotty sheets from the old wallB it clothed. It would have been difficult to recognise in the cold and stately lady who stood at the dining-room window, nutiug the havoc and waiting for her father to come iD, the lovely, passionate, dishevelled woman who some few hours before had thrown herself upon her knees praying to God for the BUCCOUT she could not win from man. Women, like nature, have many moods and many countenances to express them. The hot fit had passed, and the cold fit was on her now. Her face, except for the dark hollows round the eyes, was as white as winter, and her heart was cold as winter's ice. Presently her father came in. " What a gale, he said, " what a gale. Upon my word I began to think that the old place was comiDg down about our ears, and the wreck among the trees is dreadful. I • don't think there can have been such a wind since the time of King Charles L, when the top of the tower was blown clean off the church—yon remember I was showing you the entry about it in the registers the other day, the one signed by the parson and.old Sir James de la Molle. The boy who has come up tells me that he hears that poor old Mrs. Massey's summer-houBe on the top of Dead Man's Mount has been blown away, which is a good riddance for Colonel Qnaritch. Why, what's the matter with you ? How pale you look." " The gale kept me awake. I got very little sleep," answered Ida. " And no wonder. Well, my dear, yoa haven't wished me a merry Christmas yet. Goodness knows we want one badly enough, There has not been much merriment at Honham of late yeare." "A merry Christmas to yon, father," Bhe said. " Thank you, my love, the Bame to you ; you have got most of your Christmases before you, which is more than I have. God bless me, it only seems like yesterday since the big bunch of holly tied to the hook in the ceiling there fell down on the breakfast table and smashed all the cups, and yet it is more than sixty years ago. Dear me! how angry my poor dear mother was! She never could bear the crockery to be broken—it was a little failing of your grandmother's," and he laughed more heartily than Ida had heard him do for Bome weeks. She made no answer but busied hersel: about the tea. Presently glancing up she saw her father's face change. The worn expression came back upon it and he lost his buoyant bearing. Evidently a new thought had struck him, and she waB in no great doubt as to what it was, We had better get on with breakfast," he said. " You know that CosEey is coming up 10 o'clock." " Ten o'clock ?" she said, faintly. Yes. 1 told him 10 so that we could go to church afterwards if we wished to. O£ Bourse, Ida, I am still in the dark as to whai you have made up your mind to do, but whatever it is I thought that he had better once and for all hear your final decision from your own lips. If, however, you fe-:l yua:- self at liberty to tell it to me as vour faiaer, I shall glad to hear it." She lifted her bead, and locked him full ia the face, and then paused. He had a cap of tea in his hand, and it was held in the air halfway to his mouth, while his whole facs showed the overmastering anxiety with which Ira was awaiting her reply. he Bpilt half of the tea, most of it over his own clothes, without even noticing it, and then turned away his face. " Well," he said, "of course it is not my affair, or at least only indirectly so; but I must say, my love, I congratulate you on ths j decision which you have corns to. I quite ! understand that you have been in Bome little i difficulty about the matter: young women often have been before you and will be again; but to be frank, Ida, that Quaritch business was not at all suitable, either in age, or fortune, or in anything else. Yes, although Cossey is not everything that one might wish, on the whole I congratulate yoa heartily," " Ob, pray don t," broke in Ida, almost in a cry. " Whatever you do, pray don't congratulate me!" Her father turned round again and looked at her. Bnt Ida's face had already recovered its calm and he could make nothing of it. "I don't quite understand you," he said; " these things are generally considered matters for congratulation," But for all he might say and all that he might urge, in his mind to the contrary he did, more or lees, understand what her outburst meant. He could not but know that the exclamation was the last outcry of a broken spirit. In bis heart he realized then, if he had never clearly realized before, that this proposed marriage was a thing hateful to his daughter, and his conscience pricked him sorely. And yet—and yet—it was but a" woman's fancy—a pasting fancy ! She would become reconciled to the inevitable as women do, and when her children came she would grow accustomed to ber sorrow, and her trouble would be forgotten in their laughter. And if not, well it was but one woman's life which would be affected, and the very existence of his race and the very cradle that had nursed them from century to century were now at stake. Was all this to be at the mercy of a girl's fancy ? No! let the individual suffer. So he argued. And so at his age and in his circumstances most of us would argue also, and, perhaps, considering all things, we should be right. For in this world personal desires must continually give way to the welfare of others. Did they not do so our syBtem of society could not endure. No more was said upon the eubject, Ida made pretence of eating a piece cf toast; the Squire mopped up the tea upon his clothes, and then drank some more. Meanwhile the remorseless seoonds crept on. It wanted but five minutes to the hour, and the hour would, she well knew, bring the man with it. The five minutes passed slowly and in silence. Both her father and herself realized the nature of the impending situation, but neither of them spoke of it. Ah .' there wis the sound of wheels upon the gravel, So it had come. Ida felt like death itself. Her puhe sunk and fluttered; her vital forces seemed to cease their work. Another two minuteB passed, and then the door opened, and the parlour-maid oame in. "Mr. Cossey, if you please, sir." " Oh," said the Squire. " Where is he ?" " In the vestibule, sir." " Very good, Tell him I will be there in a minute." The maid went, " Now, Ida," said her father, " I Buppose we had better get this business over." "Yes," she answered, rising; "I am ready." And gathering np her energies Bhe passed cut to meet her fate. X. was paying attention to a rich widow, " Madame," he said, as he offered her a < bouquet, " you erow more and more beautiful ! every day." " You exaggerate, my dear sir," j exclaimed the lady, very much flattered, j " Well, then, let us say every other day." Wife—"Keep quiet, Charlie. The new j doctor says I must not talk to you." Hus- | band, feebly—"Mary 1 Mary!" Wife— "What is it, Charlie?" Husband—"Engage that doctor for our family physician." Dr. Chalmers, while speaking (wrote A. J. Symington in the Fireside) habitually lifted . his gold spectacles, first from hiB noBe to his brow, then, after a little, from his brow to , the crown of his head. Then, taking them from the crown of his head, he laid them down on the Bible. Another little interval, ' and he again lifted and replaoed them on bis I nose, from which in the same way they sue- ' cessively reached his brow and head again, j This circular process went on, as described, ' during „ the whole oourse of his address, A friend to whom I mentioned this trait told j me a story of a wag, an intimate friend of the Doctor's, who, aware of this peculiarity, cime j and sat beside him at a committee meeting, j furnished on purpose with a supply ofspectaoles, like Moses in The Vicar of Wake- j field;" only they were white instead of green, and brass instead of being silverised. He watched the doctor's hand, and whenever his pair of spectacles had made , its . third . . move on to the worthy minister s head in its ( round of travels, be quietly laid down; anqther pair on the open Bible before him, which freBh pair was duly taken up by the ! doctor-, placed on hiB nose, and then on his t brow, and from that raised to his head. The placing cf other spectacles on the book was continued with the same result, until several pairs had accumulated on the crown of Dr. Chalmers's head. At thia stage, utterly unconscious of what he had been doing with his hands, he leant forward, when their own weight caused the whole lot of spectacles to fall down in a shower on his book, to his own utter amazement and manifest bewilderment, and also to the great amusement of the friend who had taken the liberty of thus testing the doctor's well-known absence of mind when engrossed in any subject. 