Mass will be celebrated at St. Bngids Clmrcb, Healesville, on Scuday next, at 11 by^he Rev Father O'Caliaghan. The ihan James MiBwv of- Naibetiio^g, will be brobglit up on remu^il at the Heales- ^le Police Cpurt to-morrow. This wi J be the monthly mtdog of tne Court, and there is a heavy charge sheet. la our advertising columns it will be seen t!iit tenders are being calledIfor the ereeKAii oJ a State'School at'Ringwood. 1 Tbe resil dente of this rapidly rising lifcele township wiil be pleaused to hear that aixer so much hard fighting their wishes have at last been given effect to. It is believed, that the Marqnis of Lome, ihe eldest son of the Duke oi Argyll, will srcceed Sir Henry; Loch as Goyerner of Victoria. ' The MaTqnis, who was Governor GeDerai of Canada from 11878 to 18SS, was birn in 1845, and in 1S71 married H.R.H. the Princess Louise, the fourth daughter of the Queen. Two nominations were received by Mr R. T. Kings, retuiuijg officer, on Moud&y; ft • the seat in -the Lilydale Board of Advice, rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr r x. B. Handley. Messra H. Hyse and .». Quigley were nominated, but as the Iorme--'s nomination paper was informal, Mv Q-iig!ey was declared duly elected. Mr J. Walker, sen., of Mooroolbark' announces himself as "a candidate for t!ie South Western Riding of the Shire of L'lydale, at the foriheoming e-ectioa in Augos-.. He istates lie has consented to sta-id, as Ringwood has at present a monopoly of members. There are now three candidates in the fie'd for this rid.iig, vis Wiggin, Grant and Walker. Two severe shocks of earthquake occurred at Gisbornc, New Zealand, on Monday afternoon, immediately following one another. Some heavy masonry on the top of Adair's fine stone building fell to the pavement, just missing a group of persons who were sittin_ below. The walls of this and "f some other buildings slightly bulged. The shocks were the severest ever experienced in Gisborne. It is reported that Constable Arnold on Saturday last came across the pony belonging to the absconding bank manager, Wil- Vain Thompson, in 'the pound-at Ci'aigie- Lcrn, a small town oa tae North-eastern line. It is now supposed taat Thompson rode over to Craigieburn and took the express to Sydney, aud it is very doubtful now whether he will be captured, as. it is considered very probable he has got away by a San Fraucisco boat. Mr G. H. Read, of Melboarne, has started a skating riik in Parr's Rail. On Saturday eveuiug the rink was opened, when there was a good attendance. There was plenty of amusement for those who attended in watching t le performaace of the new beginners on the skates. The rink was well attended on Monday eveniog, when number of novices donned the skates. \Ve believe it is the intention of Mr Read to open 'the rink two nights a week, should sufficient inducement offer. The Times (says the Londou correspondent of the Axgus) states that it understands that Sir Henry has accepted the Governorship of the Cape Colouy in succes sion to Sir Hercules Robinson. It hai transpired that Sir Henry Locli refused the Cape Governorship when first offered to him by Lord Ejautsford, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, but consented to accept the position on being pressed by the' Cabinet, who declared that it was his duty to do so. Sir Henry and Lady Loch will return to Melbourne before leaving for the Cape in November, Mr W. Laidlaw, J.P., attended at the Police Court on Monday, and dealt with an offender named William Bryce, who was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Main street on Sunday afternoon. He was arrested by Constable Tait. Defendant was fined 10s, or in default 4S hour's imprisonment. Yesterday Mr Laidlaw again attended at the Court and fined a young mau named John Keenan 2s 6d for being drunk and disorderly on Monday eveuiug. Defendant was arrested by Constable Tait outside the skating rink, where he was creating a disturbance. Heavy rains fell all over the district on Saturday aud Sunday, and also Monday, The low-lying lands betweea Healesville and Yarra Glen were some feet under water. On Monday, at Healesviile, snow could be seen on Mounts Juliet and Monda, and on the Don Ranges and Mt Toonabawong. The snow on the latter was abouc 9 iuches deep. Mr A. Rodgers, of Healesville, gives the repoti of the weatheras follows:—"On Saturday and Sunday lin 70 points of rain fell, the heaviest fall being on-Sunday night. Strong south-westerly winds prevailed, aud there has been a heavy fall of snow on the hills." On Monday evening a man named Pa.'.l Martin was creating.a disturbance in Edgcumbe's Hotel, Healesville, and Constable M'Lernon was called on to eject him. Af^er being put out, he was told to go home, but refused, aud the constable proceeded to arrest him, but he resisted so violently that he had to be handcuffed. On the way to the iock-up he made use of most disgusting language, and made desperate efforts to get away from his captor. Martin was brougut before Mr Green, J.P., yesterday morning, and for insulting behavior was fined 20s, or 7 day's imprisonment, and for making use of obscene language, £5, or six week's imprisonment. There was a long sitting of the Lilydale Council on Saturday; It was nearly halfpast 12 before the meeting commenced, and as thiere was a large amouut of business to be transacted the latter part of the meeting had to be conducted in the dim light of a kerpsone lamp. -As the Council can only boast of possessing ojne. lamp tne illumination was by no means ' a brilliant one, and it is to be heped , that., the busiaess will be got through a little earhgr^M'hiififc the Council continue to sit in their present quarters. This could easily be .done if the counciiloi'S residing in and near . Lilydale would attend punctually at half-past 11, and not wait for Cr Walker, and the representatives of. the South- western Riding, who : .usually arrive by the mid-day train. "The shire secretary and the shire engineer came to loggerheads at the ordinary meeting of the' Lilydale Shire Council "on Saturday. Cr Wiggin, whilst referring to some matter which required the atteniion of .the engineer, asked Mr Wood if lie had-taV en note of it. The engineer replied that' he had not done «o, as it wae the/duty of the secretary to take such notes. The secretary saidhethdDghtitmsthedutyofthe^Q^neer .td_iake his, own, instructions, as the conditions o^&is;/ojjfice- states! 'fakldkralfe SometimeB' on; the; Monday following the meeting of the Council, the engineer would fc^iimMif^is insj^Mcfcions'when he was engaged wiSii other matters which required his ttention. Cr i Walker said the i engineer should take hisow nnotes- 'lJlt was^*howevferf lanecessarytomovea motion.! as .the icon-.! ttie office stated that die take bis notes. _ —g o: tbe ^asuem^cr Distaicl ProVeclaagBaaErd was held at"€he lilydale Hotel yesterday morning.^ Thisre yere pte- Eeufe—M^re T" HaMing ^rep^ese?ting ihe Jfaowp,- disinct mining surveyori Row^ _ (Mining Board), W. Burrell (Mineown^fe w AsfflfcTtioh), Thompson (Miners Assapia> ^ tion), and S. H. CSaok, clerk to the board. The following applications for assistance from tbe prospectada vote^were received:— H. Noye, Upper Grant, B.oddJes Gxez, £203; W. J- Joyce, One Weiden I^Oi.^Hoddle's Creek,'£103; Wf Covtoirjt Mornincton, £192 ; , Prince Wlnga W o ^ k , Wsfendytte, E500; Yoanc Colonial Co., .Ar^iur'sCreek, ^500; NR^BTOIE" C6.7* L)IAMOIID TCI«EK, £500, MS^Sngfa toial^of j£4243: All' therabove fejnj'ois "were fflquired into and queslioBfe •^ked-of-the -representatives as-to the ~pvospecis, ecc, but no recommendations we-e made.] I": ' '! 'si: '• > : ' - - - i • A man named John Donnelly about 35 ye»rs of age, was brought before Mr W. laidlaw, J.P., pnSaturday afternoon on a charge of committing.an indecent assault on a kttle girl named Alice Stewart, twelve years of age, and remanded to appear at the moatfily court on Friday. ' It' appeare that' DouucUy, who is a woodcarter, has been residing in a tentrat South Mooroolbark with the giri whom be took from her mother on the pretence of keeping her. Dounelly had been residing with the mother of the girl at Fern Tree Gully, who it is alleged allowed her to go and live with Donnelly. The girl suiies tiiat Donnelly has on several occasions t-ikua liberties with, her, and oue day last week she left him and went to her uncle's residence at Warrandyte, and told him what had occurred. He then reported the matter to the Fern Tree Gully police, and a warraut was taken out for Donnelly's arrest, which was effected by Constable' Carey, of Fern Tr< 2 Gul'y, on Friday last. Dounelly was then lot" jed in the Lilydale lockup, where hs is -no w awaiting his trial on Friday. | The Rev. B. Hobson,of Fitaroy, preached a veiy able sermon on Sunday morning last, in tile Methodist Church, but unfortunately through the inclemency of the weather, there was a very meagre attendance. Tne rev. gentleman took his text from the Prophet Isaiah, chapt. XLIX verses 14 and 15—" But Zion said, the Lord bath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten tne. Can a woman forget her sucking -cliild, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb ? Yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee." The rev. gentleman showed through huinai nature's shortsightedness that God was often blamed for harshness, when in reality we, ourselves, were the cau<se of all oar misery and wretchedness by rejecting his preferred goodness towards us. la the evening the rev. gentleman took bis texi from the Acts of the Apostles, Chapter II, ve.se 37—" When they heard this, they were pricked to tlieir hearts, and said unto Peter, and to the rest of tue Apostles, men aud bretrren, what s .iall we do ?" He showed ve-y ciearl" o'jat Peter was a man of God, and was endowed with the Spirit of tne Holy Ghost, whereby he had reached the s'.iaer's heart. He finished his discourse with an earnest appeal to all those who were out of Christ, to turn and seek salvation. Although tbe evening was anything but fi-ie. a very fair attendance assembled, and listened to cue speaker wijli marked attentioa. A serious disaster has occurred at the Australian Agricultural Company's coal mine at Newcastle, New Souta Yv ales, by which eleven miners have been eutombed, and several have probably beeu killed. • The disaster occurred on Saturday inoraiug at about 9 o'clock, when large portions of tbe roof of the mine fell in in several places, the position of the subsidence being clearly distinguishable on the surface of the ground nearly 20Cft above the workings. There were about 50 men in that piri of the workings at the time, and of these all bat 11 have cscapcd. Most of them passed through a terriole experience, as the fall of earth was accompanied by a deafening noise, and by a blast of wind which blew out their lights. They groped about for t^vo hours i i the oarkuess, amidst falling rocks, befoi-e they were found by a rescuing party, whica had ventured down and repaired a portion of the niain drive sufficiently to advance towards the portion of the mine where the collapse had taken place. One man in makiag his w ay out was knocked down by a piece of rock which fell on him. He was unable to gci up and continue his jouraey, but a comprnion who was following him was seen no more, and it is feared he has been killed. Another party h- j,rd a man groaning iu a drive, but were unable to get near him. The rescue par-y is still at work, and there is hope that several more of the imprisoned miners ma/ be rc -cued alive, as the air is good. 