*Fancy Dress Skating Carnival. Last night the fancy dress skating carnival came off as announced in the new Orderly Room. When the doors were opened there were many people waiting for admission, and soon the sitting accommodation was comfortably taken up. There most have been upwards of 300 spectators present. The room was illuminated for the occasion by colored paper lanterns and these greatly improved the tout ensemble of the display, while the stage under the rafters on which the band was elevated was also gaily deco rated with flags. There must hase been fully $0 fancy costumed skaters on the floor, and the gliding pageant was a dazzling sight, the colors changing with kaleidoscopical rapidity. Some of the costumes were really gorgeous in their magnificence and the imaginative person could conjure up pie tures of ancient chivalry when ye knight and ye fair ladye supplied the material for the romrinr r ; or was transported in thought e r! Arabian Nights entertain mentsjou . v.ug some bearded pasha, or soft eyed sultana; or reverted to the boo caneering days of Captain Kidd when a corsair king glided by. A coomopoli tan crowd was this; Mephistopheles holb nobbed with a floral divinity, Ned Kelly was not shunned by the most gentle cf the opposite sex, and the ghost created hbut .Le.smllmnodicum of concern among ie most nersous. 'h were sfag co jidividuals in Lord Pompey: a gnirnerson, and others. . The grand march was a great success, 14 couples taking part, and as the different movements were executed the effect was very interesting and much enjoyed by the spectators. About 10 p.m. silence was requested, and the decisions of the judges made known. These were as under :-Best Sustained Character (Lady)-Miss Viney, "1Yum Yom." Prettiest Costuome (Lady) -Miase Lilly Dolphin, " Queen of the United Kingdom." Best Sustained Character (Gentleman)- Mr. Bennet, "Lord Pompey." Most Comical Costume (Gentleman)-Mr. W. J.Fraser, "Ghost." With these decisions there could be little fault to find. Miss Viney as the lap. lady certlainly sustained her char' actor uncommonly well and hobbled round the whole night at a gait that must have been exceedingly trying to a rkater accustomed to a high rate of speed on the rollers. Then Miss Dolphin's was a mtagnificent costume and she looked quite regal in it, with a diminutive page in waiting dutifully carrying her train. Mr. Benuett gave a fair conception of a "cullered" gentleman aping the nobility, hut the competition in the way of sus taining character was limited, by appear ances, though how many considered they were doing such it is hard to say. lir. Fraser had made up a capital ghost, not exactly on the popular idea of apparitions vwhich holds to spectral shapes; but this ghost was of ample proportions, evidently a ghost that did not neglect temporal matters while represent. ing the land of spirits. However, it was sufficiently grotesque to occasion hearty laughter when its appearance was made suddenly, at about 9 o'clock. The judges were Dr. Levis, and Messrs. Cay and Southern. To come to other costumes which did the wearers great credit-the "Royal Standard" of Mr. Southern deserves mention, as also does the "Blue Beard" of Mr. P. Leitch. Mr. Dolphin made a capital nigger, and ",ed Kelly" (Mr. J. Cruse) expended a great amount of ammunition in endeavoring to force people to stand and deliver. Amongst the ladies, too, there were costumes well deserving of note. Miss Cay was cer tainly one of the most tastefully dressed ladies present, and most have been well up in the favor of the judges for first prize. Mises Claude Wilson as "Harvest" looked very nice, as also did Miss M. Wilson as 'Belle of the Huot," and Miss Bennett as "Romp:'." Miss McKeand looked the Zingari" to the life, and among so much to ad mire, however, it is somewhat invidious to particularise. and there was scarcely a costume but that had its partisans. The carnival was a pronounced success, and she result is one of which the energetic manager Mr. Southern, has ample reason to be proud, seeing that no small amount of trouble is required to produce such a spectacle as that witnessed at the Colum bia Skating Rink last night. The Portland Band also came out strong for the occasion. To the number of abshout 16, with shoulder lamps, they marched through the principal thorough fares playing an inspiriting air. The musio supplied by the band inside was excellent and showed that the organi sation is making sure if slow progress toward efficiency. The following are some of the principal characters taken from particulars fur nished by themselves. Those whose names are not here have themselves to blame, as Mr. Southern assures as all who handed in their names and characters are included in the following list: Miss Lillie Dolphin-' Queen of the United Kingodom."-Prize. Miss Vincy-" Yam Yum."-Prize. Miss Hauxley-" Snow." itiss Claude Wilson-" Harvest." Miss Wilson-" Montoe Carlo." Miss Lyon-" Tennis." Miss V. Lyon-" Yachting." Miss L. Lyon-" Boating." Miss M. Wilson-" Belle of the Hant." Miss MIcKeand-" Zingari." Miss J. Stewart-" La Perichole," Misa Cay-"Silver." Miss Zoahall-" Psortuguese Sailor." Miss Beauvais-" Basket of Flowers." Miss Alice Nelson--" Evening Dress." Miss Emile Nelson-" Oipsy Mrs. A E. South"rn-" Madame Polichisele" Miss Lewis-" Crystal." Miss Hoeean-" Italian Peasant." Miss f. Edrich-" Basket of Flowers." Miss Spence-" Yachting," Miss Annie Hall-" Union Jack." Miss Day-" Evening dress." Miss S.Day-" Florian Shepherdess." Miss L. Crase-" Marqnerite" Miss E. Z. Hearlewood-"Italian." Miss Messer-" Soubrette." Miss Bennett-" Bomp." liss P. Walker-" Undine." Miss Lenra Hayward-" Fern girl" Miss Myra Hayward-" Evening dress." Mise Lillie McEachern-"Mother unbbard." Miss B. Messer-" led Riding Hood." Mine Maggie Brown-"Honasmakl." Miss Leslie O'Leary-"Middy HIM.S. Pins fore." Mr. J. O. Bennett-" Lord Pompey " (a colored noblema.)-Prize. Mr. W. J. Fraser-" Ghost."-Prize. Mi'. Oliver Dolphin-" Corner Man eohawk Mr. A. E. Southern-" The Royal Standard of England." Mr. P. Leitch-" Blue Beard." Mr. Arthur Davics-.Mephistephels." Mr. T. Huxley-" Conrtier, Chs. L" Mr. W. B. itherill-" Jockey." Sir. F. C. Birch-"' Cyclist." Mr. B. W. Ncwton-" Victorian Ranger." Mr. John Crose-" Hed Kelly in Armour." M r. R. J. Taylor-" Clown" Mr. E. T. Lomley-" Brigand." 3Mr. A. C. Fi 'day-" SmaSeler." ytr.F. Marshal- Bugler,42nd Highlanders.' Mr. E. J. Stevens-" Irish Lord." Mr. T. Pedro--" "Athlete." Mr. M. Matheson-" Pogilist." Mr. T. Carmichael-" Pugilist" Mr. Si. Day-"Bvening Dress." Mlr. Sheppard--" Sailor." Mr. Cadalinder'-" Royl Middy." Master H. Specte-" Prince Fortunatun." Mlaster Edward O'Bielly-" Major-General." Master Owen O'Rielly-" Brtgtnd." Master Bupert Collier-" Court Page." Master James Taylor-" Footballer." Master Oliver Dolphin-"Page to the Queen el the United Kiogdem." Moaster Rlph O'Leary-" Capt. Jinko, Horse Marines." Jockeys, Footballers, Cricketers, &c.;, &c.; A coalsitr in the form of a native mill (esys the BEosnskire Adocuots of lst June) has been discovered by Mr. Robert Pitcher, of near Mt Cole. This imple ment, whiclh consists of two pieces of sandstone, the larger Gin. square by Ain. thick, seems to have been used for the purpose of grinding grain; and the smaller stone, which is egg-shaped, has apparently been used as a pounder or grinder, and is 3in. from end to end. Both stones have been well worn. Mr. Pitcher unearthed the articles whilst ploughing. Both stones lay together sur rounded by the soil, and were cleaned. 