OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, July 12, 1889. The Shah of Shahs and Centre of the Universe has betaken himself, for which blessing may we be truly thankful, to the provinces, and lesser "lions," such as his Beatitude the Archbishop of Cyprus and Monsieur Jeu de Reske, the idolised and silver-voiced tenor of tfae Royal Italian Open, Me now tuning their tarn. Sir Arthur Birth, accompanied by Lady Blyth and Miss Blyth and Bir Saul and Lady Samuel, were pretest at the Mariboronsh Home garden party in honor of the Fenian potentate. Sir Arthur says it was one of the prettiest sights he ever m He ii specially enthniri antic on the sub jeot of the unwearied kindliness and courtesy of the Frinoen of Wales, who set ftu cx&mplQ; to ttiLUt hostesses by '"nfciirg • point of speaking a word to almost every Udy present. Considering then ware 3 000 guests in the grounds yon may goon what this meant. The Queen walked with difficoltyeven when leaning heavily on the Prince of Wales. Bhe teemed, however, in good spirits, and gave brief audiences to various favored individuals whilst sitting in the tent specially prepared for her. Amongst those selected for tbis high honor I may mention the yonng Duchess of Portland, whom her Majesty kissed with special gracionsnest. and Cardinal Manning. His .Eminence had unfortunately gone, and so, it was discovered, bad Mr. and Mis. Gladstone when the Queen unexpectedly asked to speaK to them. The Ftinee of Wales, how ever, sent a message after the latter to Carlton Honse terrace, and in a few minutes the G.O.tf. and his Sove reign were chatting together quite like old friends. As this is the first notice her Majesty has taken of the leader of the Opposition for mote than three years it was inevitable I tnppoce that ill natured persons should con met the event with the demand for more royal grants, The Agents-General bad an interview with Mr. Goecben on Tuesday on the old subject of the truot funds, and discussed the matter in all its bearings. Sir Arthur Blyth thinks a I satisfactory arrangement will now be come to, and the requisite clause be inserted in the Bill before Parliament. The other matter of the date of the departure of the mails from Ade laide is also in a fair way ot being settled at last, he says. Mr. J. W. Bikewell has arrived in London, and called on your Agent-General yesterday. He landed from the Oceana at Brindiii and came overland. Mr, (Simpson Kewland and family are in ' Scotland doing the tahn district and enjoying themselves mightily. After giving Mr. Woolner. E. A., a number of sittings for his bast Sir Thomas Elder has gone to Scotland on a aerie* of visits. Sir A. Blyth has seen the preliminary sketch in clay and considers it a capital likeness. It is said thateereral of the lots of blood stock knocked down to a Mr. McLennan, at New maiket this week, are intended for exportation to Australia, but no one seems to know who the principal behind this gentleman is. It \ may of course be Sir Thomas £lder. Tne pur chases are all fillies. { Major Gordon is visiting friends in Aber dttnabiie. Sir £d«in and Lady Smith return to town next week Sir Edwin will be the guest of the Salters Company on the 19th inst. Sir A, Blyth has also been invited. Miss Gavariagh eota out by the Paramatta under Lady Smith's carp. Mr. Philip Wfm«n j? f his many friends in | Adelaide will be sorry to learn, very unwell in deed. He h?B been confined to bed for nearly a fortnight. Seatle is in strict training, and may bs seen en the Thames hard at work twice daily. His rival, O'Connor, has been «igt?t—itw all the week He takes up his abode at Richmond to-morrow, and will commence training en Monday, j The appointment of the new Governor of Victoria is said to be imminent, in fast may be announced any day. Only one thing eeems reasonably certain, viz., that Sir William Robinson will not be the man. Now most of tfae other colonies are governed by earls Vic toria will want a marquis at least. Sir Henry Loch is having what vulgar folks would, I suppose, call •'? high old time"at the Isle of Man this week, where he hasgone on a visit to Governor Walcola. On Wednesday Bir Henry made an expedition to his old home at Bamsey with bis Excellency. The Lord Bishop of Man, the Deemster, and numerous members of the Honse of Keys accompanied them, and an address of welcome, beautifully illuminated, was preeented to Sir Henry by the High Bailiff of Bameey. Banquets at both BaroEeyandDouvtas followed; The Western Australia Constitution Bill was reed a second time in the Lords last night wildcat opposition, aethoogh Lords Carnarvon, KimberUy, and Derby criticised details of the measure they approved of it as a whole. Lord Derby in the course of his remarks said: — •' With regard to the reservation of territory to the north u? line 26.1 have no doubt that that is rifcht from two points of vie*. In the first place it njeets a feeling which undoubtedly exists here of natural reluctance to give up all control over those districts; and, secondly arid this is of far more practical importance— it places matters in a better position for what cannot be far distant—namely, the separation of that northern territory. I have a very strong opinion that the northern districts of that colony, which is rather absurdly called South Australia, cannot be permanently ad ministered from the Beat of government in the couth, and that it will be a question for the Colonial Office to decide before long whether the whole of that northern coast of Australia ought not to be divided into separate and self-governing com munities. Another important subject is the ultimate federation ot the Australian colonies. If certain local jealousies which now exist were removed I cannot conceive that there would be any difficulty in the way of federation. It is said that the northern parte are suitable for colonisation for laborers from this country. I do not believe that the climate and situation are favorable to such an emigration, bat no obstacle should be thrown in the way of its being attempted if that is the wish of any one here. There is one point in tois Bill which is not satisfactory. I refer to the provisions made for the protection of the natives. Perhaps they are as good as they can be; bat those people take a sanguine view who think we can give any real protection to the aborigines ot Australia by any legislation in this country. In conclusion, I will only say that I believe that no piece of colonial legislation has ever some before Parliament which bad a more entire and unanimous support from all parties and sections of Engliih public life." That there are dissentients to the measure, however, the following from the Daily Neva chows:—lt is difficult to understand why the Government is in such a hurry to handover this enormous territory to the mere handful of people who are now settled upon it. It is quite pouible that the result of giving even this small community self - government might be as beneficent as Lord Knntsford expects, but it is well worth consider ing whether certain conditions ought not to be made. Is it, for frrampln, altogether wise to vest in 40,000 people so vast a slice of the Australian continent; or to empowerthem to kef pout British manufactures from a country which is, at this moment, 'the property of the British people? A return of land grants made in Western Australia was issued yesterday which shows that the total area of land alienated by the Grown up to the end of 1567 wbb 1,877,045 acres, the average price being 10s. an acre. This of coarse is in addition to much vaster quantities which have been leased. The long list of persons to whom the land has been sold or leased is well worthy of study. Many of these lucky people have got hucdreds of thousands of acres. One man, for example, has 3,614,326 acres. It appears to "be leased, and the payment for one of bis lot* of a million acres for the year is £250, and for another of 700.000 is £175. It would be interesting to learn for what terras these lease* are granted, and why individuals get not only such Urge lumps but so many of them. Mr. Clinton Coleridge Farr, of Adelaide, who recently won an engineering scholarship, has arrived in England to take op his studies. ' Mr. Eden SavjU has been writing to the sporting papers to deny onoe for all that Ring master ever showed first class staying form in Australia. He cays—"The races the horse won in Australia were few in number and second-class in quality, his times were wretchedly bad, and the company he met moderate in the extreme, whilst the longest distance he won over was one mile and a half, and that only once." "Ar>glo-Oolonisf "remarks that the English bandieappen appear to estimate Ringmaster's form 14 lb. better than Australian bandieappen ever did, and adds that whilst this is a compliment to Australian bones as a whole itmuat be somewhat aggra vating to Mr. Eden SaviJl. It would be quite impossible to mention all the smart people whom Miss Alio Cornwall, assisted by Lady Maria, Spearnun, entertained on board her house boat, the Rove DOr, during Henley regatta. On Fiiday alone the party included Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wynd ham. Miss Mary Moore, and Mr. and Mrs. E. 8\. Wniard, who came over from Mr. A, M. Palmer's launch, the Princess Beatrice; Mr. Phil Morris, Mr. Solomon J. Solomon, Mr. and Mrs. Mortimer Menpwi. Mr. Frederick Wedrtore, Mrs. "Madge" Humphrey, Mr. and Mrs. Milton WeUings, Miss Jessie Bond, Miss Marie Corelli, Miss Gertrude May, Mrs. George Edwardes, Mr. Eric Mackay. Lady Emily Cherry, Mr. Willie Wilde, Mr. and Mrs. Jack Johnstone, Ltdy Maria Spearman, Mr. Luther Monday, Dr. P. 8\. Abraham, Dr. Orwin, Mr. Lennox Browne, Mr. Arthur Melville, Mr. Charles Arnold, Mr. Edwin Bending, Mr. Sidney Brongh. Mrs. and Miss Mexse, Mr. Henry 8. Welcome, Mr. E, H. Fahey, Me Fitzgerald Molloy, and many other deUgbtfal and ornament\lpnooU. During luncheon a not particularly trim-built wherry came alongside, carrying C:e?r and his for tunes, in the shape of General Soulanger, who. under tbe gnidanoaot Me. Augustas Bamt and Mr. Brw*dley, was enjoying the unique spec tacle of a fine Henley, and paying a number of visits to the Seating homes of mends and ac quaintances. It is not for nothing that shrewd Mitt Alice Cornwall has made a friend of the " mammon [ of unifibteossness." as tllnatured city people will call Mr, H. H. Marks. The Financial Ifiwt of Taesday contained a glowing article on "Coal in New South Wales/ in which the magnificent prospects of the Wyong Estate are dilated on, and the possibility of • company being formed to exploit the same is gently his ted At. Mr. Ijouis Brennan is the hero ot the week in naval circles. His improved torpedo has been tried with magnificent suoeess in the Needles Channel; in fact, Chatham and Ports mouth men talk open-mouthed of the wonder ful things the clever young AnAJim inventor made it do. The' World says:—"The first trial of a live Brennan torpedo appears to hr ye been m great success, so perhaps we have not got such a bad bargain for our £110.000 after all. The. winding engine and steering gear weratet up at Hurst CasUa, and the inven tor made his * fish' literally play round so old 800 ton hulk that was being towed thmu*h the Needles Channel, a mile and a half sway, at tfae rate of 12 knotej and when he chase strack hex fair aodidshipa and blew ber into matsh* wood. Of course it is a very different weapon now from what it waa when it left Melb luroe, or even when, yean afterwards, detailed draw ings of it appeared in the scientific pip;ca. The sappers at Ohatham claim it now at tiieir very own child." The doctors who have consented to test the merits of .Doctor Mannington Caffyn's liquor carnis or " Baw meat essence " are astounded with the results. It seems to have an eKtca ordinary efiect in revivifying poor or thin blooded persons. Contemporaneously, toa, there comes from Paris neira that a very similar discovery has been made by M. Brown- Sequard, who calls his production nothing lea* than tbe elixir of life itself. I fancy I told you that Dr. Ca&yn; has sold bU patent to a London syndicate for a Urge sum of money. When the arrangements are complete he re turcs to Australia. Tbe South Australian Mining and Smelting Company are seriously considering the advisa bility of establishing a local board in the colony to look after tiieir interests. Tbe difficulty of managing the business satisfactorily from this tide has become very great. The Pall Mall Gazette warmly commends Bishop Moorbouse for inviting the Catholic Ajchbuhopof Salford to a garden party, and suggests that Dr. Benson, the Archbishop of Canterbury, shonld include n?«iin>i uwining pmongstbisgneetsat the cimilar function at Lambeth Palace. It Bays:—"When Dr. Moorhouce was Bbhop of Melbourne he was on equally excellent terms with Dr. Vaughan's brother, the late Archbishop of Sydney. Both broad minded liberal prelates, they sat anl smoked together, enjoyed each other** society, acdrjifcuised thelatestdeveloptnents of religious thought in the old world. When Archbishop Vaughan died the noblest tribute to his memory was paid by Bishop Moorbouae in the course of an address to his Cnurch of Eagland assembly in Melbourne." The Pail Mall Oautlewiao contains tbe foUowingextraordinary paragraph:—"ln Australia domestdo servants ate like water in the desert—scarce and highly prized, but when found not always quite satis factory. They receive hitfh wages, and do their work so badly that the mistresses are often glad to become orndges and look alter their houses themselves. This is hard measure; and it has been proposed—by a woman, too—that Aus tralian hntbatda shonld be allowed to have two or more wives, according to the quantity of domestic work which needs to be done in their houses. This is hard on the men of Australia, and we bust they will protest vigorously against being expected to marry an additional wife every time they move into a larger house," X omitted to mention in my last that Major Gordon, of your Permanent forces, was pre sented at the levee on tbe 29th alt. So fat M■**■"«?« Mslba has only sung in two parts at Govent Garden, viz., Gilda in " Bigo letto," and Juliette in "Romeo et Juliette." She has appeared, however, oftener than any of the other prima donna*, as Gounod's opera with the two De Reskes in the oast, always draws a monster audience, and Gus. Harris understands the wisdom of making hay when the eun fhifipw. Madame MaThft is a good deal disappointed, I hear, at having to give np her part in Wagner's " Der Meistereinger" i toAlbani. Miss Janet Achureh and her husband (Mr. : Charrington) will arrive in the colony almost Biumttaneomly with thigletter. In the opinion oi many fairly capable judges Miss Acburch is one of our greatest hvirur actresses, a pser of Ellen Terry, Mrs. Kendal, and Mrs. Bar nard Beere, and not tar removed from toe great Bemhardt herself. Without gushing to quite this extent, I am ready to admit the j lady is remarkably clever and piins : taking, and improves every time oae sees her. Miss Acburch's recent perfur I xoanee of Nora is Ibsen's " DolTs House" w? undoubtedly extremely able and intelligent, and deservedly took the town and the critije by storm. There can be no doubt that the piece, albeit a trifle talky and tiresome, would, thanks to her acting, have run turee months if the Australian journey could have been postponed. Both Miss Achureh and her husband, a very capable actor, are enthusiastic Ibsenites, so you are quite certain to «cc "A Doll's House" soon, and possibly " Ghosts" too. Our mutual friend Luscombe Searelle con tinues to frisk about the metropolis enjoying himself and making engagements for his theatres at the Gape. He has just fixed up a company with Lionel Brongh at its head, which will go on to Australia if successful in South Aixisa. Tools has cone on his farewell tour of the provinces, but will play a short engagement in London before leaving tor Australia. " Friend Irving" has already fixed up preliminaries for the inevitable valedictory banquet. Williamsons are in treaty for the Australian ri?hts of Mr. Burnett's " Phyllis." 