Y.W.C.A. WELCOME TO MRS. COLTON. The Young Women's Christian Association welcomed back to the colony their president (Mrs. J. Colton) at tea and public meetings held at the Victoria Hall on Tuesday evening. Tuesday evening. A large number of members" of the ussocintinn and eitbers interested in the work Bat down to tea in the ball,. which aw very beautifully decorated for the occasion, and the-after-meet iojr was lugely attended. The Bey, W. B, Fleicheb, ALA., said fibs.. Oolton was so specially connected with the association as O&e; Of %*iMili?M«l^ prftf^^urt llumjumiam. ben had decided to welcome her on bee retain to the colony irrespective of the grand pablia welcome tendered to Mr. and Mr*. Oottoa some d?jB previously. Dr. PAxoh, on behalf of tbe association, welcomed Mrs. Oolton, and hoped the association and the many other in stitution?.with which she was connected would have the pleasure of her direction for many years to come. No eulogy could be too great for the work their guest had done. Like the apostles of old she appeared to be ancoaseons ot the great work in which ahe was engaged, and which was the outcome of her great heart. She had performed countless acts of unostentatious charity, and had assisted to build many chtiTb?n, but had done a nobler work in hnilding up the temples of the Holy Ghost by ministering to Ahe needs of the sick and the distressed. They wel comed her among them once again not only because of the great assistance her presence was to the association, but because Mrs. Golton was a blessing and a benefit to the whole com munity. Mr. F. Chafpue, B A., also wel comed Mrs. Colton. He presented the half yearly report of the association, which stated that the committee had noticed a steady pro gress in work and an enlarged sphere of action. There had been between 20 and 30 names added to the roll during the past six months, three" or four of these being from the Kngltflh associations. They had come to the colony eeekiD? employment. To such was offered a temporary home, if needed, and awawtance in procuring suitable situations. Others had joined with tbe deeire of engaguurin some of the varions branches of work in connection with tbe association. A Bible class was held en Sunday afternoons, when from 13 to 20 met, tbe members taking it in turns to write thott eteaye en given subjects, which ware read and discussed by all. Prayer union, Bible and literary classes were held on Monday even ings. The girls' prayer union was well attended, and was a refreshing season of bless intr to the many who met. On Tusedaya from 7 30 till 5.46 p.m, the rooms were opened to y ouDg girls, when games were provided for their amusement for the first half-hour, after which they practiced over hymns, and a few serious words were spoken to them. A singing class was held on Tuesday evenings, and evangelistic meetings on Friday evenings. Factory visiting wa? earnestly carried on by members of the com mittee and friends. They visited daring the girls'dinner hour with flawera and tracts. One or two ladies kindly accompanied them and sang to the girls. Very often they joined in the choruses of some well-known gospel hymns. Tea meetings were provided at the rooms fot them, and were well enjoyed. The hospital and Destitute Asylum were visited each week by members and friends. Mr. Chaff Jt panted out the necessity of an effort being made to assure the erection of more commodians rooss for the association. There was only oue Urge room in tbe present building, and several were needed. If some one would but start a sub scription list with a substantial sum there wonJd be bnt little difficulty in raising the money neceesary for the building. Archdeacon Fafe also delivered an address, and Mr. James Shith, on behalf of Mrs. Colton, thanked thoae present for the kind things which had been raid about her, expressing his regret that Mr. Colton was not able to be present. Daring the eveuicg Mr. L H. Jones sang two songs with excellent effect, and Mr. Bristow and the Misses Stephens, Davidson, and. Dore al*o rendered selections. Mies Marshall presided at the piano. BIRTHS. HART.-On the 8th June, at Salop-street, North Kensington, the wife of Pentad E. Hart, ol a son. MARRIAGES. WILLIAMS—PRICE. —On the 11th June, 1839. at the borne of the bride, Kortb Adeiatde, by the Rev. J Tnwi?.jMbna, the eldest son of Mr. O. Williams, of Kaoina, to Ann. the fifth daughter of Mr. F. Prtoe, cootnitst, late of naime. FULLER — STARLING -On the 6th June, at the residence of tbe bride's mother, KaOawortx by tbe Her. A Betters, Edward Fuller, HampW-rtreet, Qoodwood West to Constance, eldest daughter of the late Joseph Starling, of Victoria. BULPIT — GURNER. —On the 5th June, at the naUence of th«t bride's brother, by the Bar. C T. Newman, B. B. BuTpltt, of Norwood, to Orlia Julia (Mq| eldest daughter of Mrs. Garner, Parade, fioiwood. ' DEATHS. KEVILLE. —On the 11th June, at the Private Hospital, SA., Patrick Gordon Seville, late of Cosnl Brook, aged SI yean. WILKS. —On the 8th Jane, at Hilton, Leonard Roy, the dearly beloved infant son of Mark and Emma wukit, aced 6 months. A-Mir of HWe baby's shoes, Aloekof Us ?olde«hair; She toy oar little darling loved. And tbe dress he need to wear; And tbe little ffiave in I*9 shady nook, Where the flowers love to now; And these are an of the UtUe hope that oamrslT months ago. EKINS. —On the 11th June, at the Hospital for the Insane. Bortfe-terrace, Eliza, relietot the Ute Gootge tains, ol Xynte- sbeet. North Adelaide, aged 6i HAMPTON. —On the 25th April, at his residence, Hampton Villa. Bnddan, Ide of Man, Matthias Wiffiaa, ddestbeloved brother of Isabel and Poppy Hampton, Adelaide, to his Stad year. GOLDSMID. —On the 9th June, Katrine Edith, the only daughter of W. H. GokUmid, Esq, ol North Oilbertoo, Adelaide, Sooth Australia, agea 2 mwths. IN MEMORIAM. SCHUTZ. —In affectionate remembrance of our dear brother, John Schuts, who died at his parents' tttlArnoe, Kooringa, 10th Jane, 1888. aged 24 years. —Inserted by his loving sisters, L and K. S.hutt, 