SPORTING NEWS. THE BALLARAT BOUNDS. BY “DIANA.” The weekly meet of the Ballarat hounds was held on Saturday under very favorable circumstances as regards weather and attendance, and the run was characterised as being one of the fatest of the season. 'he pace at times was tremendously hot. and as the country Is very soft ju.t now some of our hest hunters found themselves considerably overdone at the fini-h. The fences were numerous—unusually so and very stronjf and high, so that altogether the run might be called a very stiff one. Thellon. J. P. ilacpherson was missed from his fore most post in the ranksof those driving owin'- to h s being up country and unable to get back in 'time" for the hunt. We were very glad however to see Mrs Macpherson in the field and equally sorry to miss her sister .Mrs Oogle, Starting from Hayes’ up the Black Hill the drawled on towards Lake Burrumbeet and then taking a sharp turn crossed Jones’ and Scott’s farms on as far as Halls land, where the first check took place. On n«Mi» they flew through Mr Bath’s in a* semi-circle towards Trunk Lead, back through Hart’s land, over a verv stiff double into Stone's paddock*, which- brought a sprinkling of the field down, through some v'ory prettily wooded country, into Mr Uren’s, M.L.A., op posite whose residence they finished. Below we give the names of a tew of those present:— Straight goers—The Master (Mr lL R. Affleck) on Day-pring, MrsJ. P. Macpherson on Big lien, Miss Konzio on Blair Athol, Mr George Bussell on Sailor, Mr H. R, Crabbe 0:1 Opawa, Mr Coolahan on The Ghost, George Scobiu (dragon The Lawyer, .Mf. Scobie (first whip) on Harkaway; also, riding in the lanes were Miss Kerr on Tom Thumb, Mrs Wrathal on Nellie, Miss Keitzie on Planet, Miss Mary Ronzio on Ruby. Driving— Mr Lombard, with Miss Lombard and Miss Macdermott; Mr Robert Moffatt, with Mrs Bull, Miss Bessie Howard, the Mon. D. M. and Mrs Davies, and Mr Willum Larmour; Mr Gins. Walker and Miss Bar clay, of Stawell; Mrs A. U. Crabbe, with Mis3 hvaus; Mr and Miss Mead; Messts Dunn, Stevenson, Kuoth, and rery nnny others. The run next Friday will be the last one of the pre sent season. v 