10ovci9st. The Ghost of Oak Crag. ti EoTilHET:T I S RL E ENNETII. (Concluded.) For a nlomlent shlo tlloulght it some wanderin? vagabond swtho had sought shelter there. Then she caught sight of a hand, white and shapely, hanging nerrecessly from the side of the bench, vid she knew she was mistaken. At list she was undecided what to do. Then with a sidden thouliht she went for wanl and spoke to the prostrate figure. '"Are you ill ? Why are you h]ere ?" The man had heard her step, and as she conmenced speaking, lhe looked up, showing a face which seemed familiar to hier, thoJugh she did not recognise it. It was a dark, bearded, handsome face, rv le land ha lrgard. The figure was shrouded in a cl:ik, but the dress about te Ibreast scetemed very much disordered, and she caught a glimpse of bloody lin II. ".\re you hurt i' she asked. lIe did not answer for a moment, or atten:pt to rise, but lay looking at her with te,'i mo:rnful, hollow eyes. ' \Who are you "' he sai l at last. I aln Eomina Lamar. I live here. If you are hurt. come into the house, and It: iue d wlha:t I can for you." lie raised hiii:sif on his elbow, feebly gatlerin_ the cloak over his breast. '" Id~ls't know whether I am going to die or not," lie sid. " I'm sick, and I've a cut here in my breast. If I could be taken care of, I might live; but I think it'sha:dly worlth wihile. No, I think I will lie here," lie added, sinking down on the seat a-ain. Emma ilhouight he was delirious. SIte went nearer and looked down into his tace, as he lay with closed eyes, and a suddi,, s?irft discovery came to her. It was the man the ihad foumtd apparently dring in the northwest chamber. He i:t out ut his hand as lie suddenly opened his eyes and saw lier bendiing above "I'll tell you who I am," he said, .lthat oun mar bury mile in the family 1 rit sround-liick Meadows, Major ,duos. See here,'" with a faint, letter smile, snlwinl-g his ofdcer's dress. I t: let me hloe now, if you please. i th.nk '111 be comfortably dead by morn "Tiu must not stay here !" exclaimed E:iea,. with sudden, swift energy. "You wil! freeze to death. iRJuse up, I beg ; try to walk. You must go into the Luse." Iler energy seemed to rouse him. "Who is there ?" he asked. "No one; will you come n'" "Shall I see no one ? I don't want to meet ansyone." "You will not." tle hesitated a moment, looking up to the house. The.t he got upon his feet-a tall, ]hagard figure-and took thearm Emma gave him "Youre very good," lie mnuttered, as epliasoed the tlhreshold, and suddenly fell iensel-ss upon the floor. She never knew how she got him into er room, and upon the bed. VWhen asked, aftersward, she said : t" believe be n as heavy, but I did not think that then." I Aninstinct of protection for this deso late man had suddenly seized upon her; aoti?, tith the earnestness of one to ehom few passions camise, she forgot Serrythinmg in her absorbing efforts for is restoration That he was emnciated, Os if from su.iering, she discovered ; and that he had a deep cut in the breast, ich, clotted with gore, no longer His sroon was frightfully long, but, when lie could speak, she gave him food Sad wine, judging rightly that he was i red of inourishlment. As soon as he Srerired, he said: "Don't let any one lknow I'mhere. I'll lYou about myself to-maorrow. Thank YOs for your kindness; I think I'll go to \- ileep noea-" Then with a long sigh ho closed his eyes and fell asleep as lightly as a child. Hearing her brother coming, Emma hastily left the room and closed the o door. Westerly flung himself heavily into a chair, and said : " Hurry up supper, Em ; I have got to'go to town to-night." He evidently expected that she would expostulate, and was surprised at her silence; but, hastily swallowing his sup per, he took himself off. She went back to her room.: The stranger was awake, and put out his hand. " Come here, please. Tell ?ie whose voice I heard." "My brother's." " What is his name 1" "Westerly Lamar." " b s he young, broad-shouldered, low- 1 browed, dark 7' "Yes." "I thought I knew the voice," lie said. "I'm so tired !" He spoke with a weariness that was not all weariness of the body. " Can you tell me about yourself now1?" " There is no need; yet I trust you; if you like to hear a disagreeable story. I'm I a bad fellow-not a man fora girl like you to pity and help ; yet I thank you all the more for what you have done for me. Do you remember me as Rick Mleadnws ?" " You were probably a child when I went away from here, a boy. My father died, and I went into the army. I got a taint there which made me more wild and reckless than I was naturally. I learned to drink and gamble. When the war was over I came back to the city wherel was born, but I had no home, no restraininin influence for a turbulent nature and loose labits ; and for years my life was a whirl of adventures and dangers. There were times when I grow heart-sick with? myself, for I am not naturally a brute ; but I spent my youth wastefully, and middle life found me wedded to bad habits, dissipated and immeised in various difliculties. Among other things I was in debt; for I had wasted my share of my father's property. All thflis must sound to you entirely base and without excuse. In one sense it was so. One day, about a year ago, I was threatened by a creditor; and tortured by my conscience-for the man was poor and needed the money-I forged my brother's name to a note, satisfying imy self with the thourlht that I would re doom the note before it was due, and never repeat so dangerous an act. But befora the note was due I was taken ill, and remained so for months. I was not recovered until a few weeks of the pay ment, and sick-room meditations ren dered me quite frantic. "I had abandoned gambling, but 1 turned to it again, hoping luck would release me from my difficulties. I was not fortunale; the more 1 played the more I lost; and, utterly penniless, with a felon's fate staring me in the face, I resorted to a deception I had learned while in the army. I played with your brother, won all Iis money, when lie suspected me, and, in a passion, sought my life. I escaped in the crowd which the excitement called up, and, passing a depot, flung myself into the cars, only desirmous of leaving the city. lBt I found that I was en route for Lennox, and re solved to hide myself here until I knew what better to do. The night before l.st I came here, swung myself on the grape vine trellis to the porch window, which was unfastened, let myself into the house, and wandered about,never dream ing there was anyone here. I could not sleep, and, art r pacing the floor for a while, I came down into the garden. This room my old nurse used to sleep in, and some sorrowful memory led me to the window. I was astonished to see you, and, linding that the house was in part occupied, I thought it unsafe for me to stay, and left it. I wandered around the village all day, unrecoguised by the people who used to know mue well. At night I took a fancy to coime back to the Crag, believing that I should meet no one so late ; but, as soon as I shut myself in the close room, a spasm of suffocating pain seized me, and, with the instinctive fear of death, I rung the bell. Though my body grew rigid and my eyes remained closed, I was conscious of your entering the room, and of all that passed in my presence. When your brother drew that keen blade down my breast I was pain fully aware of it, yet could make no sign uItil the blood suddenly started. He had left the room. Springing suddenly into life, I staggered to my feet, clutched my cloak over my bleeding breast, and let myself down from the window, closing it behind me in my excitement and sickly terror, fearing pursuit. I staggered down the garden path, and fell fainting upon the seat of the summer-house where you found me. I had lain there all day. To night I should have died if you had not been so good a friend. And yet death would have been a better friend, Miss Lamar. You cannot concieve of my utter wretchedness and undesire to live." "But, Major Meadows, if you could live to redeem yourself-" "I cannot. A felon's cell is my only prospect in life !" "How much money is required to meet the note's demand ?" •" Five hundred dollars." It was more money tlhan Emma Lamar had ever possessed in her whole life; yet she sat silent, trying to think how it could be gained. Major Mlendows lay looking in surprise at the grave beauty of her quiet face. : "Tell nim truly, shall I trust you?" she said at last: "In whatmanner I" "If I get this money for you, will you return it at a given tihe 1" "I will." " must bliorrow it, giving my good natle as security. If I do this, will you retuirn it in one year?" "I will." She looked steidily into: his face. It was set in -earnest meaning, and she believed him. - " I trust you. I will get the money to night. And, MIajor Meadows, I do it as much to imake you trust yourself as to relieve your present distress. If you can return the money honorably at the end of the year, yei will have a capital of honesty, pareercrance, and virtue with which to commence a better futuie.: Do "o:I do; and so help me, spirit of my mother, I will not disappoint -your trust, 3rms Lamar." "Then I must leave you alone for an hour. You are quite comfortable 1" . "Ye3.". The brave girl wrapped herself in a cloak, and went swiftly down the hill, although the village clocks were striking nine, and nearly all honest people were housed for the night. She went into the heart of the village, but in less than an hour was making her way swiftly back. She came into the room so quietly that when she returned Major IMeadows was startled. She placed the notes before him and counted them over. " Heaven bless you i" he exclaimed. "When is this money due 1" "To-morrow." "Then you must take the night train; yet you are hardly able." "I can go very well now, my heart is so stout,' he said. She brought him fresh linen from her brother's wardrobe, and necessary toilet articles; and then she left him. In an hour he came out, looking like a different man. " It is half-past ten. You have but half-an-hour before car time," sele said. "Do you know how I wish you were my sister ?" he said, looking down at her. b " I wish my brother knew how good a sister I try to be," she said, her eyes filling quickly. " Major Meadows, you are more tihan welcome to what I have done for you, if you will only keep your promise." "You shall see hiow I will keep it. You will be hero at the end of a year ?" "I shall be in town. The old clergy man at the parsonage will know where I am." " Good-bye. I cannot thank you." " God help you I Good-bye." And he strode away from the door in the moonlight. The next day it was like a dream to Emma Lamar. Only in her heart there seemed a fresh chord alive. They went back to the cottage, fdr Westerly still continued the practice of visiting the city at night. He grew very dissipated, and, when she expostulated with him, lie flew into so violent a passion as to silence her. In her honelessness she allowed herself sometimes to think, "If Major Meadows does well, and lives to come back, I tllink lie will be my friend." She was aware that she did not see him as others saw him ; and that any prudent mother in the place would be shocked at the idea of her daughter regarding such a man as Major Meadows withl friendly in. terest. She only realised that lie was some one with whom she was in sympathy, and that lie had wished she was his sister. Friendless girls have innocently done far worse than this. The spring and summer passed. All the neighborhood realised that Emma Lamar had a great trial with her brother. He was noticeably dissipated, and Prof. Gardner threatened to discharge him from his class. oe would be in the city away from his studies weeks at a time. In the fall he was publicly expelled from the institute, the professor declining to excuse his conduct longer, and he im mediately disappeared fro,m the town. Everybody pitied Emma Lamar; but she could hardly look any paler or moro distressed than she had done for a year past. She had also another anxiety. It was NY'ovember, and the money she had borrowsil was due. It terrilied her to think of its failure; yet she seldom thought of that. She had an instinctive trust that Major Meadows would not break his promise. One night there was a terrible storm. She sat alone at her work, when there came a sound of heavy footsteps, and her brother burst into the room. " Oh, Emma, save tme !" he cried. " Westerly, what is it ?" she exalaimed, starting up. "I have broken into the Merchanut's Bank, and the officers are after tme." Emma Lamar sank down in despair. "'Oh, for a friend !" she cried. There came a knock at tihe door. A fine-looking man, whom she did not im mediately recognise, entered. The next moment she know it was Major Meadows. "Miss Lamar !" he said. "Oh, Major Meadows, tell me-tell me what to do for my brotherI" exclaimed Emma, turning to him with a manner which betrayed her faith in him; and, indeed, he looked worthy of it--healthtful, composed, happy. "Tell me what is the matter." "LMy brother is to be arrested. He has broken a bank." It was quite a grave matter. The officers came to the cottage and arrested Westerly Lamsar; but the following day IMajor Meadows became bail for himn, and lie was released. Through the major's intercessions he was finally acquitted, for he had been only accessory to the crime. lBut lihe had received a thorough check in his reckless career, and promising his friends he would do better, lie went to California, where lie turned his attention to bnsiness and did well. Major Meadows had succeeded to his brother's property, and was a wealthy man ; but the five hundred dollars thait he r.turned to Emmsa Lamar lie had earned every cent. by the labor of his hands. He had acquired regular habits and regained his self-respect; and when he asked Emma Lamar to be his wife, she was not ashamed to say that she loved him. TheoldIeadows housewasrefurnished, and thrown open. A happy family gathered in it, and rosy children played inm'the garden. They little dreamed lhow near to death their beloved father had once come in that old place. 