DRAMATIC GOSSIP. A great number of operettas, all apparently comic, are about to be submitted to the London public. It is strange and somewhat sad that no opera or operetta seems to be thought worth bringing out in London unless founded on some eccentric, droll, or absolutely ridiculous subject. Jessica was " never merry" when she heard " sweet music ยก" and condemned to hear some music to the exclusion of all other kinds she certainly would not have been joyful. It is worth notice, by the way, as an indica tion of the tendency of playgoers' taste, or at any rate of its estimation by managers, that no fewer than seven London theatres will shortly be occupied by musical productions, whilst Mr. D'Oyly Carte new theatre, which in May was rapidly approaching completion in the Charing Cross-road, will doubtless be given up to the same form of entertainment. Incidental songs specially composed for the occasion are often enough introduced into dramas, but "Whips of Steel," a new play which was to be presented at St. George's Hall on the 7th of May, is perhaps the first to introduce an incidental anthem." This anthem is composed by Mr. Walter Slaughter, the rest of the service being by Mr. Joseph Tilley and Miss M. C. Rowed. Miss Rose Mellor, the young actress whose Lady Isabel Carlyle at the Olympia has been so widely praised, has studied in a good school. She is one of the many debutantes who owe so much to the tuition of Miss Sarah Thorne, and she has also performed Shakspearian parts on tour with Mr. Benson's company. The chief power in the Shakspearian performances at Stratford-on-Avon in April was Mr. Osmond Tetirlo, of whom most playgoers know little, if anything. His brother Edmund, who so long played "seconds" to him, has appeared at Sadlers' Wells and other outlying theatres ; but Mr. Osmond Tearle' reputation is confined, so far, to the provinces and America. In the former, some ten years ago or thereabouts, he " starred" with much success, being a great favourite ; he then went to the States, and has for sometime being playing " lead in New York and out of it. Mr. Richard Mansfield will conclude his present season at the Globe on 1st July, Until that date his elaborate production of Richard III, which continues to attract crowded houses, will still be given. Mr. Mansfield has been playing continuously, all the year round, since early in 1880. Miss Grace Hawthorne has' purchased from Mr. W. G. Wills a new play, written specially for her, entitled Josephine; or the Royal Divorce." . It was expected that Miss Hawthorne would produce this play at a matinee, previous to her leaving London for her American tour, which is to occupy six months. In April-May, at the Princess's, Mr. "Wilson Barrett and Miss Eastlake were once more playing in the romantic and thrilling drama of " Claudian," which, to judge from the crowded houses it was drawing and the enthusiasm with which it was received, remained as popular as ever. " Claudian" is one of those pieces that just misses being great, but as it is it stands a head and shoulders above most modern dramas. Mr. Barrett's rendering of the unhappy immortal Claudian ia QB striking as ever. It evenseemsmore finished than formerly ; similarly Miss Eastlake plays more naturally and consequently evokes far greater sympathy with her audience. The caste is a most efficient one, and the crowning catastrophe of the earthquake a splendid piece of stage realism. " I have often thought," remarked Mr. J. L. Poole to an interviewer recently, "how much I would like to see Australia, not only as an actor but as an English traveller visiting a glorious part of the Empire. I am told I could make a very successful professional tour; moreover, it would be a delightful change, and like visiting old friends." "May I say there is a reasonable prospect of your visiting the colonies?" queried the interviewer. " Yes, indeed you may," replied Mr. Toole, " if I can see my way to make the trip, I should like it beyond anything." By a purely amateur performance, remarks the World of 1st May that is to say one written, composed, stage-managed, and acted entirely by amateurs greater success has seldom been achieved than has been done during the past week by the operetta of A Legend of the New Forest,' produced at Lyndhurst. At this time of year the little village is thronged with faces well known in society in all parts of England, and the audience on 27th April might well recall the appearance of a smart London theatre on a crowded first night. The scene of the legend is laid in the New Forest, and the scenery .... do proved a series of the most beautiful glades in that lovely district. The dramatis persons were a band of gipsies, with the exception of one mysterious stranger, who seeks admission to the band, and of course obtains the hand and heart of Zara, the daughter of the captain, to the dismay of her old lover one Heine. The stranger, however, turns out to be no other than the ghost of Sir Walter Tyrell, the assassin of the Red King, who is condemned to wander the earth till he can find some maiden willing to link her fate with his. Fortunately Heino dis- covers the plot in time ; the spectre disappears in the usual blue flame; and, owing to the good offices of Isobel, one of the most charming of the band, Zara is re- united to her lover, and all ends happily over after. . . Mr Bradburn, the M.P.H., provided at the close of the last performance a supper in the green-room for the performers and their friends, which proved to be not the least jovial port of the whole affair. Airs and dances from the opera seemed to be carried on till a late hour, and few who were there will ever cease to look book with intense pleasure on the production of the bright, pretty, attractively - played Legend of the New Forrest.' " At Vienna, in April, Madame Julie and her company had such extraordinary success that they were at once engaged for Berlin. . . . At Leipzig, Madame Minnie Hauck had a satisfactory reception as Mignon. ... At Munich, Baron Tirfall, the official Commissioner of Theatres, has decided not only to do without any costly mise en scene, but to return to the ancient simplicity of the Shakspearian times at the Globe Theatre, He has taken old engravings of those times as a model. M. Coquolin's farewell benefit will take place before long at the Theatre Francais, where it is expected to be one of the most impressive dramatic functions of the season. The efforts made by the Comedie Francaise to have and losing him have, it is understood, been so far wholly unavailing " S. G. 0." is dead. The rising generation will hardly recognise these initials, for " S. G-. O's" pen has not been very active of late years, but there was a time when "S G. O's" letters to the Times were as widely read as those of "Jacob Omnium," or " Historious," or " A Hertfordshire Inoum boat." Their value lay in their felicity of style and in their suggestiveness. " S. Q-. C." was an earnest social reformer, who always looked at abuses from the standpoint of a practical man. For thirty-four years the Rev. Lord Sidney Godolphin Osborne was a Dorsetshire rector, and Uko Canon Girdlestone he was always anxious to ameliorate the condition of the rural population, but he was equally interested in the poor of our great towns. He fore- saw the necessity of much of the social legisla- tion of the last few years, and was in some sort a John the Baptist of that new Social gospel which exalts the practical side of Christianity. " S. G. O." had reached the ripe old age of 84. The famous writers in the Times are not so numerous as they were a quarter of a century ago, whenThookoray made his rhyming police- man say of " Jacob Omnium" : If I'd committed crimes, Oh, Lord I wouldn't have that more Attack me in the Times, but "B" and Lord Grimthorpe are still vigorous and industrious. Yet the number of distinguished men who make the Times their medium of communication with the public is still considerable. To some extent the monthly reviews have taken the place of the newspaper, but a daily issue always has an advantage, and as long as men of light and leading continue to write to the Times that journal can laugh to scorn those who prophesy its downfall, for it will continue to be read by everybody who is anybody. Jay Gould began his business career by sweeping out a broker's office. Subsequently he cleaned out the broker. 