Sir Henry Parkes, «ith the spring and the roar of a lion, came forth last week from the political den into which he had retreated on the question of Federation. With his report upon the subject of Aus tralian defence, General Edwards has proved the unconscious beater that has brought about this sudden development. The report of the Imperial officer points out a number of deficits in existing military arrangements, to remedy which, necessitates colonial union, and colonial union implies Federa tion. Inlerentially, therefore, the report of the General - is an approval of all that has hitherto been dene towards this end, and the New South Wales statesman has been driven into the position of giving his adhesion to the Federal Council or seeking to crush it altogether. Consistently and characteristically, Sir Henry has chosen to adopt the latter course. He claims that it wes his hand that drew the model biil upon which the Federal Council, as now established, was founded; he further avers, that, having drafted the bill, he was soon con vinced—the more he studied the subject—that the council he pro posed to bring into existence, if powerless for evil, would be equally inoperative for good ; he therefore drew aloof from his own scheme, which the other colonies took up, and carried to the fruition, that Federation now presents. Where Sir Henry makes his first mistake in regard to this question is in supposing that in this matter he is Sir Oracle. He evidently supposed that no public man in Australia :ould foresee the position as he Foresaw it. The difference between him and the statesmen of the other colonies appears to have consisted in this, that whilst they courage ously and hopefully went forward —notwithstanding the difficulties presented—he shrank back. But even in this equivocal course, Sir Henry has not been alone. What has been aimed at has been Federation of all the colonies of Australasia, and a people as tar distant as Fiji have been invited to join, and have joined, whilst the people of New Zealand, so much closer to our shores, have refused co-operation, for exactly the same reason as that governing the conduct of Sir Heniy Parkes. The statesmen of New Zealand foresaw —as Sir Henry foresaw—that a Federal Council without an execu tive, and without a revenue, and without the power to enforce the very least of any one of its decrees anywhere in Australasia, would be a perfectly effete body, a mockery, and a snare. It would be ridicul ous to suppose that so perfectly obvious a fact did not present itself to the statesmen of the other colonies, yet they went forward, notwithstanding, with the work of establishing the Federal Council. No doubt it was felt, and very properly felt, that a start had to be made somewhere; that it could not be better made than the calling into existence of a council, repre sentative of all the colonies; that the council would commend itself and gradually grow in weight and importance, and, shaping itself to circumstances, ultimately blossom into the supreme legislature of the Australian Dominion. The states men of New Zealand hare lent no assistance to this great work, and Sir Henry Parkes has done his best to obstruct, if not destroy it. The existence of the Federal Council is a fact that cannot be ignored, nevertheless, so far, it has been con sidered a success, that at its last session it was held the time had arrived in which to make another move forward, and by increas ing the number of its members add immensely to its dignity, weight, and authority. New Zealand may continue to refuse to countenance, Sir Henry may still openly affect a scornful indifference — whilst secretly hostile; but so far the Federal Council is the only body in existence that can claim to speak to the world upon any question as representative of the views of Aus tralians. General Edwards recom mends that the Australian troops should be welded into an Australian army; that the Australian works of defence should be harmonised so as to ensure speedy and con certed action, and this compre hends a uniform gauge for Australian railways, the importance of which, when coupled with the defence question, cannot be over rated. The control of both the naval and military forces of Australasia involves the necessity of an Australasian executive autho rity ; it involves the establishment of an Australasian Dominion, with an Australian capital or seat of government. Thus, Sir Henry Parkes, who refused to go forward and encounter the difficulties he anticipated, finds them pressing round the lair in which he sought to hide himself. Out he come= now, with a proposal for the hold ing of an Australian Convention, lor the purpose of dealing with the question of executive control, and poses as the original Australian Federationalist. What Sir Henry’s proposition really means, although lie has not yet definitely expressed it, is the holding of a convention for the purpose of bringing into existence a Dominion Parliament, a Dominion Executive, a Dominion Seat of Government—in short, a Dominion Constitution. An execu tive controlling body, such as General Edwards’ report contem plates must needs have those sup plies which are the real sinews of war, and to get these supplies there must be powers of taxation. The statesmen of all the colonies—New Zealand, perhaps, excepted—must agree with Sir Henry Parkes. The position that has arisen is precisely what • has long been anticipated, with the exception of this differ ence : they say “ What need of a new convention when there is the Federal Council ready to hand ?” The Federal Council is only a convention under another name. Let New South Wales send her : delegates to the council at Hobart, and it will be open to them there to submit any scheme Sir Henry pleases for the establishment of a common executive control, a Dominion Constitution, or any other kind of authority that may be thought best. That is, we pre sume, the obvious answer to the New South Wales Premier, and it strikes us as one to which no rea sonable reply, save that of assent, is possible. We hardly expect that Sir Henry will yield. From the first he has strongly opposed the Federation policy of the other colonies, and to give in now is not in keeping with the character of the main—’twould be too humiliat ing. On the other hand, it will scarcely be expected that the statesmen of the other colonies will abandon all that has hitherto been accomplished in order to sustain the opinionativeness of Sir Henry Parkes, and the all-import ant question will, therefore, probaby remain in the position in which it now stands until a more practical statesman succeeds him. Local Success.—We have seen the record of Mr. W. Clydesdale's triumphs during the past season, which comprises 19 first prizes, 9 seconds, and 6 certifi cates. At the recent Nngambie Show Mr. Clydesdale secured the only first prize awarded for buggies. Amber-Caxe.—It is notified by ad vertisement, that Lambert and Co. of Wymlfcain-street have been appointed agents for the celebrated amber-cane fodder plant. It is contended that noth ing can excel this plant for ensilage, and it is imported direct from the United States, where its utility has procured for it an unrivalled reputation. 1 Obituaky. —On Thursday last another of our little ones was gathered to her fathers. We refer to the death, after a brief illness, of the second daughter of Mr. William Welchman, of Nixon street, aged six years and one day. The child succumbed to the ravages of a paralysis of the heart, and the parents must the more keenly be alive to their loss in that a safe pas sage through the many diseases and troubles of early childhood seemed to indieate a continuance of health and strength. The funeral took place on Satunlay, when the large number who attended, testified to the prevailing feeling of respect which is entertained towards Mr. Welchman. Was jt Exvy 1 — The Xumnrkah StiinJnril of Friday lost waxes humorous over the paragraphs which appeared in the two papers here, descriptive of the strawberries grown by Mr. Furpliy. The writer assumes that the Advertiser man had a fair share of the fruit, because he enlarges on the flavour, while the un fortunate Keict reporter, h« imagines, missed the treat altogether, as he con fines himself to the dimensions. Now dosen’t this logic almost stultify the writer ? Why, he might have planked his last cent that the fellow who wrote about the flavour of the fruit never had a ghost of a baste, and that he who chronicled the size in nil probability never saw them. But no, the miserable newspaper man must never get credit for liis powersof imagination, hut isregarded as a dealer solely in facts, borne out by tliceridcnceofhissenscs. There seemed an undercurrent of envy in the para graph, but tills is only natural, for they can t grow fruit in Numurkah worth balking about. Great was the Fall Thereof.—On Friday morning, Mr. E. K. Heales, the manager of the Bank of Victoria had a disagreeable experience on his way to the railway station. He was being driven up in a dog-cart, when being a little behind time,the driver used too much expedition while turning the comer at the intersection of High and Maud Rtreets, with the result that the vehicle was upset, the passenger naturally fall ing on the driver. Comment is super fluous. Another driver was procured and Mr. Heales continued his journey, personally none the worse, except for a [ slight shaking, and a few traces of con bict with a dusty road. The Sew Daily.—The prospectus of the Dtiihj Mail, the new morning daily is to hand. Large support has been promised to the speculvtion, and among the provisional directors are very many prominent men of both town and country. Tlie capital is £250,000 in 500,000 shares of 10s each, and the form of application j for shares is annexed to the prospectus. Viuilasce Aoitatiox.—At a meeting of the Vigilance Committee held on Friday evening last, it was decided that one of the great necessities of the com ing summer would be the regular water ing of the main streets, with a view to the suppression of the dust plague, which rivals the heat as a cause of general discomfort. The Shire Council will receive a deputation to urge the im portance of this provision for public con venience, at their next session. Some | unimportant business was transacted with regard to tlie coming sports to be held on the 11th inst., the secretary supplying the gratifying information that some £G0 had already been realised from various sources. Should the weather be propitious, a most successful issue may lie safely prophesied, and the inauguration of an annual recreation day will prove in the future a welcome ad dition to the pleasures of life in Shcp parton. Guy Fawkes.—The celebration of tlio memorable 5th of November, l(i05, is fast falling into oblivion. Bonfires in Large numbers, and the incessant explo sion of Chinese crackers and other descriptions of fireworks, used not long ago, to afford delight to the juveniles, a very small percentage of whom could even guess at the original cause of their amusement- This year Guy Fawkes’ Day is the occasion of festivity of a moro exciting nature, although thecoincidence rests merely on the day of tlie week, and not of the month. Tlie Melbourne Cup of 1889, which will be run to-day, promises to bo another brilliant success for the Committee of the V.lt.C. Ushered in by a glorious Derby, with fine weather, the Cup Day will be one to be rembembered, and if the improve ments are in proportion to those of : former years, it may soon be reckoned tlie greatest race in the world, and run too, on tlie most commodious and beau tiful racecourse. I Land Sale at Riverina.—Messrs. J. M’Namara and Co intend holding an immense Lind sale, on the 12th inst., at | Boomanooinana, N.S.W. The property is situate on the Murray, seven miles from Yarrawonga, and contains 30,000 acres, cut up into blocks of 100, and 1000 acres, and others of greater size, also 180 acres sub-divided into township allotments. The well watered character of the land, and the easy terms offered, should invite the attention of a targe number of purchasers. 