SAMOAN SKETCHES. BY "THE VAGABOND." DE MOIITUIS. APIA, 25tii August. German wounded honor requires a plastbr in the payment of a "small ' sum," although English honor, outraged in tho inBults to Britain's Consul and to British citizens here, re ceives no redress. But for vory aliamo can tho German authorities claim it after tho conduct of Maitaafa in the day of battle and the timo of storm and shipwreck? But for his humanity not a man of tbo German attacking party would have got back nlivo to the boats. Everyone could have boon picked off ami slain. But whan tho German force was so oasily ropulsod Matoafa ordered tho pursuit to cease. When in tho savage joy of tho moment somo of hiB followers out off a German sailor's head, according to tlie old custom of Samoan warfare, thoy wore ro- pirovcd by tho king. " "U'o aro not savages," said Mataafn, "wo will notmako war liko this." In battlo and in viotory ho showed himself hu mane. I tako Mataafa to bo as good a Roman Catholic Christian as thero is going. But it is his nature as much as the environment und teaching of the MariBt Brothers. Speaking about tho hurricauoc onca in my presence, the king remarked : "It was tho duty of every Samoan to save lifo during tho storm. Did not Jesus once come into tho world to snvo us all, and should wo not try to follow in his foot steps 7" This was without tho slightest strain of "cant," it was a-simplo confession of faith and duty. Ho carried it into practice during tlie late hurricane in March last, whon he di rected his followers to save the lives of the men rendered to Gorman and American, to friend and to foe, impartially. The United States lias nolraowledgcd its obligations ; tho German Government would still extort "a small sum" to salvo their honor, and havo not thanked, nor it appears do they intend lo thank, tho Samoans or Mataafa for their work in saving lifo during that torriblo day and night of storm, whon tho heavens interfered between the combatants, and tho pride of man, uud tho strength of his work was as naught before tho might of tho tem pest. I havo mot many mean men, I havo heard of many mean, actions, but I cannot imagiuo any meaner mon guilty of meaner notions than tho Germau officers and officials in their denial that they wero aided by tho Samoans on tho day of tho wreokB. Yet thoy stato that hero, and havo circulated tho saino report iu Sydney. It ap- proai-B to havo boon an organised plan. Tho world must not know that tho natives whom tho gallant Teutons had oppressed and whoso' king they had kidnnpipod had re turned good for evil by Baving German lives. Tho world would cry shamo upon Ger many for not acknowledging tho generosity of its opipononts! The world would cry sliamo upon Germany for endeavoring to extort a "small sum" as a war indemnity. And so theso " Brummagem Romans " denied thoir own dead. Nothing disgusts ono more, with the brutality of German officialdom than tho fact that the bodies of tho drowned sailors of tho Ebor and the Adlor wore not claimed, but wore loft to lro buried by tho natives, who brought tho corpiees ashore. It became a saying amongst the Unltod States officers that " a dead Gorman would not float." , Away ovor on Mulinu there is a plot of land containing a dozen graves. Hero, beneath tho swaying coooa pulms, the waves idly lapping tho Bhoro a few yards off, tho surf moaning on tho distant roof, far away from thoir beloved Fatherland, sleep the German dead. It is'a neat littlo graveyard, fenced round with barbed wire. IVooden crosses at the head of each grave bear the nauios and ships of tho officers who lio beneath. On eomo thero are largo wreaths of artificial flowers, adorned with heavy bullion tassels. The broad, blaok ribbons aro ombroi- dered with the names of those who sent from Germany theso last tokens of respect for thoir dead comrades. In many a students' Korps, at many a Kneipe, thero has been mourning, for these gallaut gentlemen who havo found the Fathorland of us ull iu Death. May thoy- rest in peace ! But theso are all officers or pietty officers. Where aro tho graves of tho mon? What is this cross iu the oornor ? " Four unknown sea men of tho Vandalia." But tho Vandalia was ono of the Amorican vessels. The United States honors its unknown dead. Germany finds graves for none hut its officers. When tho Samoan natives rescued tiio corpses from tho sharks, all tho American sailors were identified and interred. But tho German authorities hero would not own any of the othor bodies ns belonging to them. Suah conduct at tho timo puzzled a great many, but now it is held to bo part of tho plan of denial of the nativo Samoans' notion during tho hurricane. I have made very caroful inquiry into this question, and I cannot hare any doubt that the - natives aided frioud and foe alike. The German sliipi Eber was the first to strike. Mataafu's fol lowers on shore knew her well, yet thoy dragged drowning Gorman sailors out of tho surf and carried two of thorn into tho United States Con sulate to bo revived. This I can givo official piroof of, in tho testimony of Consul Blacklock. The natives rescued the Gor- mans wheu they know their nationality. Aftorwards, when tho Amorican vessels struck, living men and dead bodies were brought ashore without any qucstiou as to whether German or Amorican. Indeed, in most cases it would have lrocn hard to dcoido. The Uuited States Government has recognised tho noblo conduct of Mataafa and his followers in this connection. Nothing can be meaner than tho action of Germany in refusing to also acknowledge this. No wonder that country is hated and despised by white mon and natives alike in Samoa ! " God's Acre " at Apia is at tho back of the Europican and native settlements. It is a shady walk thither under tall cocoa pahns, through banana groves, and past brown thutchcd nativo houses whence coiuo friendly greeting of Talofa. In theso walks around Apia I often meet tho commander of the Gorman war ship tiio Sophie. He, too, communes nmongst tho tombs. All tho otber Gorman naval officers wear thoir white uni forms and their swords when ashore. But tho captain is generally in pilain wh i te anda solar topico liko an ordinary citizen. Ho is a tall and handsome man with a flowing beard, and when in Ills full war paint is deco rated with crosses and medals which ono may bo suro aro well earned, for tbo warriors of Fatherland arc not carpet knights, and distinc tions aro not granted to them unless deserved. A very superior man is this captain of tho Sophie, but in ray present piosition here I cannot know Germans. If I hod not a mission to supprort Australian interests in theso islands in support ing the cause of tho nativo Samoans I could have a vcty good time, indeed, with German friends. I have very few kiudor and more friendly acquaintances than Herr Pelldratn, tho Consul-General of tho German Empire for Australia, in Sydney. "Wo knew each other in Europe, and there is no stranger in Australia for whom I havo a greater respect than tho ox-offioer of Uhlans. As in former days lie gave mo valuable intro- duotiona to Berlin, so I am suro that now ho would liavo made my path ploasant amongst the Gorman officials and morohants of Samoa, and that, like Mr. Bethune, of Balfour, I should havo hud most hospitable reception at their hands. But unfortunatoly for my own comfort I cannot run with tho hare and hunt with tho bounds. Through The Age I am fighting tlie Gcrmaus in Samoa for Australia. But I shall certainly got no thanks from peoplu here. I am abused both by the missionaries and tiio beaohcombors. Thorc are not. moro than throe men amongst thu Aus tralian residents in Samoa whom I havo to thank for any courtesies. So the captain of the Sophie and myself look at each other out of tbo cornors of our oyes as wo piass. I acknowledge that he is a good man who knows moro than most English or Ameri can officers of his rank. One of U10 English con auls, Mr. Lianlct, died here, and bis graroiB one of the most prominent iu the ccmctory. This occupies about an aoro of cleared ground, surrounded by piulm groves. It is as quiet and pcacoful a place as one nocd wisii to rest in. Very fow visit it. All sorts nnd conditions of men, from tho consul and the missionary to tho beachoombor, rest horo. There aro headstones bearing the dntes 1855 and 1860 oa tho graves of the old European residents, showing how civilised Samoa was in tho old days. For tho proper disposition of tho dead I consider ono of tho highest evidences of civilisation. There aro somo marble tombstones from' Sydney, which aro handsome enough for any Australian cemetery, and thero aro numerous other gravos which aro moroly outlined by ompty bottles with their necks driven into the earth. Tho labels have not oven been washed off these, and ono can rood tho trado marks of difforcnt kinds of lager nnd of Bass's beer, of Hcnncssy and various Scotah blonds, and of J.D.K.Z. and other gins. Touching and appropriate memorials these to tho departed benohcomber. Para phrasing Tennyson, one might say, These to his memory, for ho held them dear. Tho empty bottles form tho fittest pyro to thoso who livod and died by drink. Thero is one grave in this Apia cemetery, a vory old one, on which thero is nothing but ono broken squnro gin bottle. It is ombedded in tho turf, has bcon washed by tho dews and rainB of many seasons, spiders havo spun their webs thorcin, it is tho most ancient pleoo of glass in Samoa. This solitary broken bottle is as symbolical a3 tho classical broken shaft in our own cemeteries. It reminds mo of our old army toast — Como till up your glasses steady ; This world is a world of lies. Hero's to the dead already, Ami a health to tho next who dies, Was it by mere accident or design that tho solitary broken gin bottle lies 011 this gravo ? Whose lronc3 aro beneath ? Thero is no record of the dead in Apia except that kopt in a per functory way at tho various consulates or by tho missionaries, But tho latter always took vory littlo interest in othor whito pieople. Their charity commenced and ended at home. Ono can scarcely credit tho fact that ono Dr. Turner, a former head of the mission here, was asked to givo somo medical aid to a slok trader. Ho dcolincd to do so, saying, "I am not hero to attend to whito pieople." And tho Biok Englishman had to go to tho Frencli piriests for relief, giving them hearty thanks as well as full payment, which lmd boon olso tendered to the English missionary. I havo this on tho authority of Mr. George Dunnct, who says that thanks to the French priests, tho sick Englishman, Mr. Gerald Flower is liow alive ond well in New Zealand. But tho missionaries do not doctor the natives for nothing. A doso from tho missionary medicine chest is always paid for hy n fowl or o dozen eggs, or a bunch of bananas. I11 yoars of plenty it may bo right that tho natives should pay for what they get, but at this timo of famine it seems to me atrocious that a cliargo in kind should ho made for medi cine by the missionaries. Young girls havo had to obtain money how thoy could to give thoir sick parents to buy loaves of bread or tins of salmon as a prosent to tho missionaries in return for medicine. A patient must not go empty banded to tlie mission houso. When so littlo is cared for tho living, tbo dead will bo thought little of. Tho municipality of Apia, I suppose, had charge of tiio comotcry. But whon tho local government was suppirossed by tho Germans two years ago everything wont to ruin within tbo municipal boundaries. Roads, as woll as laws, are now supported by Mataafa without foreign help, but tho ccmetory he can not tako charge of. Somo graves iiero havo hedges planted around, now growing wild aud luxuriantly. Flower pots which onco held rare flowers remain as evidences of the care of survivors who aro now no more, or who oaro no more for tho 01100 loved dead. Horo aro twelve graves whero lio the unknown dead sailors of the Nipsic, tbo Vandalia and tho Trenton. At least they were buried as such, but most of the dead wore supposed to bo Gorman, tho bodies un claimed and repudiated hy tho officials of tho empire. Othor headboards givo the names of drowned American sailors. For away from Virginia lies " Joseph Hewlett, landsman of the Nipsic," a nativo of tho Old Dominion. Far from Oiiio rests tho "yeoman" of the Vandalia. From the north nnd south and wost of tlie Great Republic liavo been gathered together to this little graveyard in Samoa tho bodies of those wiio perished in tho fearful hur ricane iu March hist. The men diod as nobly ns if facing shot and shell, and dying in such a manner tho result was greater than if they had fallen in action. Nothing to my mind in recent days is so significant as tho cheer given by tho morituri of the Trenton to tho Galliopie as sho steamed out to safety. Tho verses which Mr. Walter Mitchell wrote in the New York Sun will go through the length , and breadth of America and stir many a heart in whioh British blood boats Tho Admiral tosso3 his sen cap high. As from station to station is passed the word, And over tlie uproar of wave and sky Tho thunder roll of our cheer is heard. Oh, tilood is tliickor than water, and long UTH England's memory hold it dear, And tile tale bo told in tho fok'slo sung Of the flagship Trenton's parting cheor. Tho drowned American dead iu God's Aero at Apia did not die in vaiu ! Memories of nativo dissensions, of German insolouce, of tho dis asters of tlie hurricane, may fade, but tho cheer led bj Admiral Kimherley, dear old "Fighting Kimberley," marks an era of good will betwoeu tho two great Anglo-Saxon powers. It is an event which will never bo forgotten. Tho moral, I daresay, is vory plain to the handsome German captain of tho Sophie whon he walks abroad in this direction. Tho cemetery at Apia is not consecrated by any religious ceremony. And so, according to tho old theory, ghosts ought to walk abroad horo at night. But I havo never heard of a ghost in Samoa. The natives aro too deficient in imagination to speculate as to "the where abouts of their departed friends and ancestors. If they bolievo that there is such a thing as tiio ayaga, aud avoid the comctery at night, it is merely from a childish fear of tho unknown. But iu comparison with othor races tho Samonus are not superstitious. Their own dead they bury in the midst of their villages, although great chiefs sometimes have tombs mado for them in high piiaccs. I do not think the Samoans aro as much afraid of oti, death, ns religious Europeans arc. Iu Apia thoso who aro Catholics aro buried in tho consecrated ground of Holy Church at Mata- fele, closo to the convent and tho quarters of the Gorman firm. 'This oemotery is much moro neglected than the one behind the native village of Apia. It contains uoveral large tombs mado of coral concrete. These, as well as the moro lowly graves, arc all surmounted by woodou crosses. ' Some, , however, liavo fallen, and lio half hidden in tho dense grass. Ono might hero evolve a littlo allegory on the vain strugglo of Christianity with tho undergrowth of Heathen habits. Tho natural man and woman is the samo in Samoa now as when the missionaries first landed on these shores. Even as tho natural man was strong in and swayed the daily lives of Saxon and Norse man, and Celt, aud Scot, long after the Gross of Christ was supposed to rule supremo in Europie. Tho " Christians " of tho middle ages, whose lives wero divided botwecn giving and taking hard blows by day aud holding high wassail by night, were more supwrstitious, hut otherwiso lacked all tho elements of true Christianity, as much as the nativos of these Pacifio Islands beforo tbo Cross was known here. It is a vory neglected but vory quiet and pcace- fnl spot, this Catholio cemetery at Matafele. Outside its ruined fence tall cocoa palms sway in tho wind. Iusido tho scarlet hibiscus Bhcds its blossoms on thu graves and tho broken crosses. Nature, and not the Church, is supiremo. But here, as in the Protestant burying ground, thero aro symbolical evidences of oivilisation as woll as of Christianity. Bottles round and bottles square ornament some of tho graves, the vic tims of Gin sleep peacefully 'ueath tho symbol of Jesus. , There arc, howover, comparatively few graves of Europeans in this Catholic cometory. Beachcombers novor havo any reli gion, and aro, therefore, always classed as Pro testants. There is one very largo wooden oross over tlie gravo of Peter Perry, master-at-arms of.theU.S.S. Adums, orectcd in July, 1883, hy his shipmates. The Adams, luckily for herself, wa3 not 011 this station at tho timo of tho hurri cane. Mastor-ot-Arms Perry diod from natural causes, and being a Catholiu was buried by his shipmates here in consecrated ground ; and su, according to tho rulos of Holy Churoh, ho rests in peace. Hitting on tho graves, 'neatli tho hibiscus, I almost ouvy tho dead lying quiotly here. What is life but A littlo season of love and laughter, Of light and life uud pleasure and pain. Ami a horror of outer darkness after, And dust retnnisth to dust again. Then the lesser life shall be as thu greater, And the lover of light shall join the hater ; And the one tiling coineth sooner or later, And no one knon-eih the loss or gain. Tho old proverb de mortuis nil nisi folium holds good in Samoa. 