CHAPTER LVIII. THE BORDER WATCH TOWER. Away up on the bleakest and wildest portion of the North country coast, there stood, at the time of our story, a pile of gray old ruins, known by the name of the Border Watch Tower, because of a tall turret or tower, which loomed up_ above the main structure, and from which, in days gone by, the border warriors were wont to reconnoiter the movements of their enemy. The surrounding country was very bleak and desolate, and the old castle, with its ruined drawbridge, and stagnant moat, and crumbling battle ments, WHS perhaps the dreariest and most uncanny old place within the length and breadth of England. For ageB it has been utterly deserted, save by the batB and owls, and the ghosts of the mailed warriors, who used to hold their nightly revels in its spacious halls. On one side, its gray and mouldy parapets looked down into the sullen waters of Sol way Firth; and on the other hand, outstretched a blighted heath, utterly sterile and verdureless, dotted here and there with dwnrfed oaks and black thorn buBhes, and bounded bj a ledge of wild, rocky cliffs. Under the base of these extended a gloomy oave, known among the peasants as the " Hermit's Cavo," and inhabited, so they asserted, by a wierd old man, with fiery eyes and flowing beard, whose life, like that of the Wandering Jew, was endless ; and who possessed, moreover, the ubiquity of Asmodeus ; appearing under the Bhadow of the black thorns at one moment, and away up on tho beetling summit of the bald cliffB in the next. In the dead of night, the same night on which our lust chapter closed, a carriage rolled rapidly up the broad avenue that led to this grim old Watch Tower.> The immense gates stood wide open, as they had been standing, no doubt, for half a dozen years ; and the carriage drove in, and over the mouldy flag-stones, up to the front entrance. The driver leaped from hiB box, and threw open the carriage door. He was a tall, dark man, with an ugly face, and a dark scar like a sabre cut across his right temple. " Here we are, my lord,", ho said. Lord AnguB put his head out and looked about him. " Dark aa a dungeon," he ejaculated, with a slight shudder, aa his eyes roved over the great gray pile of ruins, looming up before him in the summer starlight. .' S'pose you run up and knock, Berket, and be sure you're all right." Tho man ascended the long flight of stone steps, which led to an arched door way, and proceeded to pound lustily. At first, only the bats and owls, startled from their roosts, made any sound in response. He knocked ngain, with the loaded end of his whip, till the empty halls within rang with the sound. Ten minutes passed, and then a sound of footsteps echoed within, and prosently, after a great clatter of bolts and bars, the massive doors swung cautiously open, and the dried and wrinkled face of an old woman looked out. " Wha'o that V she demanded in strong Scotch accents, one hand on tho door, and tho other on tho head of an immense blood-hound, that crouched at her side, with blood-shot eyes, and red, half-open jaws. "Me, Mother Gwinneth, me, to bo sure 1" cried Berket; " the day o' judg ment might come, an' ye'd never know. Why, I've been poundin' here an hour." " I hearn ye,'' responded tho old woman. " Bo the young laird coom V' Berket nodded as he turned and ran down the steps. "All right, yer lordship," he called at tho door of the carriage. Lord Angus leaped out with Moggie in his arms. The poor girl had given over resistance. The sight of tho driver's wicked face, and of tho grim and ghostly old building, awed her into silenc obedience. Her face was as white aa tho young moonlight that began to shimmer on the Scottish peaks, and her eyes wore a solemn startled expression. If Heaven did not intorposa and oavo her, oho was tez'Cr, The young man set hor feet upon the muddy flag-stones, and drawing her hand through liia arm, led her along by his side. They ascended the steps ana approached the dooiy where the old woman awaited them with a dim l"}1* in her hand. At sight of them, the blood hound uttered a terrible growl, and moved stealthily forward. . , " Doon, ye brute-doon this minnit I commanded the old womap. He cowered back in an instant, and the old woman came forward, her leaden eyes lighting at the sight of Lord Strathspey a " I dinna be sure it was yer lairdship,' she said, watching him with a curioua, eager look, and touching his arm with her withered hand; " but I know it s yersel now. Yer a braw lad now. 'Tis mony a year since me auld eyes had sight of ye. A braw young laird ye bo." Lord Angus shook off her hand with an oath, staring at her in amazement.^ . " Hush your gibber, will you?" he cried, harshly. " Do you mean to keep me out here all night V The old creature hurried back, allow ing him to pass in, with a look of pain and disappointment in herlcaden eyes like that we often see in dumb animals. ; " The young leddy's room be all ready,' Bhe said, humbly. 44 Will ye go right up now, or " " Right up now," interrupted the young peer. 44 Lead the way." She obeyed in silence, going before them up the great oaken staircase, the blood-hound crouching along at her heels. She paused midway the great hall that ran from the head of the stuirs, between two rows of chambers that had once been very grand and stately, and taking a key from her pocket, unlocked and opened one of the carved oaken doors. _ Lord St'athspey, with Maggie on his arm, followed her into a large and handsome apartment. In its day, this old state chamber had been a magnificent one, but now the tapestry was faded and moth eaten, rats burrowed behind the^ carved wainscot, and the bronze candlesticks and ornamentB on the marble mantel were green with mould. The rich furniture, too, of an antique style, was sadly decayed and faded, and the great Turkish rug in the centre of the floor sent up little puffs of dust at every touch of their feet. The solitary candle that burned on the mantel threw a dim and ghostly light into the distant corners of the vast room, where an immense bed uj. reared itself like a mountain, all draped with faded velvet, and barely disclosed the dim por traits of some dead-and-gone race that adorned the walls. Altogether it was as dreary and tomb like a chamber as one can possibly imagine. Lord Angus led his lovely young prisoner into this haunted old ante chamber and seated her, with a bow of mocking gallantry, on the velvet couch that filled'one corner. Then he turned to the old woman that stood just within the doorway, her eyes following him with that curious, eager look. 44 Give me the key," he said, roughly, 44 and take yourself off. " I can find my way down." She obeyed without a word, and with the key in his hand the young man turned to Mifggie. " You believe me now ?" he began, his evil eyes flashing with triumph; 44you see how completely you are in my power ? The doors are strong here-to-night the great gates will be closed and locked, and day and night that old crone and her blood hound will stand guard to prevent your escape. You see there is no hope for you." Maggie uttered no word in answer. She sat motionless on the edge of the moth eaten sofa, her face white and rigid, her sweet brown eyes Btony with horror and despair. The young lord's heart releated a little as he looked at her. 141 don't like to do this," he continued, his tone softening as he spoke ; "I want to be good to you, Maggie-it is all your own fault. The moment you consent to become my wife, you are free. I want you to think it over to-night and make up your mind to like me-you can easily enough if you will. I shall come to see you early in the morning, and if you'll say the word we will be married at once, and I'll take you back to your father the Countess of Strathspey Towers." Still she uttered no word in response, but sat in that white, stony silence. The young man could not bear to look at her, and he turned toward the door. 441 won't annoy you to-night," he said ; you're tired. I'll go down and send Gwynneth up with some supper and a glass of wine and you'll feel better to morrow. Good-night," He lingered an instant, hoping she wo'uld speak, but Bhe did not, and he went oi]t, closing and locking the door after him. And Maggie was left alone a prisoner in this great, ghostly old chamber. 