ORANGE. OiiANOE.This Dav; About 500 attended the nominations to- dnj . r Tuoiias Palton, Protectionist'; was proposed by George Hiwke,, eecondod by W. M'Lvmont. William Clarke. Free-trader, \va3 proposed by Hon A. T. Kerr, seconded by George M'Kay. W-. M. WoonnousE, ' Frde-trader, was proposed by 0. J. Smith, seconded by Richard Warren. ' James Torpy, Protectionist, was pro- proposed by J. B. Lane, seconded by F. Trewecke. The returning officor declared tho Bhow ' of bands to be in favor of Messrs. Dalton and Torpy, the Protectionist candidates. Mr. John Wearne, Protectionist, will be ' nominated for West Sydney to-morrow. Messrs.Dalton and Torpey, Protectionist candidates, will run for Orange and- receive the support of tho central committee of the National Party. The " member for the colony " is donkey- licked. At Aehfiold yesterday a friend of Mr'. Carruthers wont ono better and de scribed Carruthcrs as the " senior member for the colony," because, at the last eloo- tion, bo polled the largest number of votes recorded in favor of any one candidate. Alderman S. G. Davison, the Protec tionist candidate for the Glebe, addressed a meeting of fully 500 of the electors at Frascr's Hotel, Annandale, last night, Mr. J. F. Broad, J.P., in tho chair. The candidate, upon coming forward to address the meeting, was received with loud cheers, which lasted for some time. Mr, Davison dwelt in an able manner upon the political topics of the day, and in a forcible speech advocated the national policy. A motion of confidence was proposed by \- Alderman Mahony, of Paddington, which was carried amid deafening cheera. Temora, This Day. Mr. J. A. Maekinnon, one of the repre sentatives of this district in the last Par liament, was met yesterday four miles from town by his supporters, and escorted into town. He addressed a crowded meet ing at Ward's Theatre last night, and dwelt upon the different political topics of the day. He spoke with great force and energy foe upwards of an hour, and declared himself a staunch Protectionist. He wae rewarded with a unanimous vote of confidence, and a large and infiuentia- committee was formed to Becure his return, which is regarded by many of the know ing ones as a oertainty. Newcastle, This Day. The elections are all the talk, and the chanoes of the Protectionists are daily improving. Messrs. Fletcher, A, Brown, and Grahame are exceedingly well re ceived everywhere. No Free-trader is spoken of for the connty, as Wright may simply be put out of all reckoning, and has not the ghost of a Bhow. The fact that so many Protectionists have already been returned unopposed oreateB the liveliest satisfaction here. Waqoa Waqga, This Day. Mr, Dibbs has been making a tour of the disu'iuC. He was veiy successful, Ho met' with a pplumliil reception .it Umuu on Tuesday night, and received from a largo meeliiig-tv nuauimou3 voto . oE confidence. He wilt address tho electors at Greon's, Gnnyha, r.nd Bullonbong to day, and return to Wugga this evening. He will address tho electors hero again to-morrow night. Alfred Miller, who spoke Iftst.night, was vory unfavorably received. A motion of confidence was voted for by about a dozen only, tho chairman refrain ing from calling for a show of hands against it. It is looked upon ac certain Unit the threo Protectionists will bo re turned, the looul Free-trader lining un- pp. . .. r.,j great m-ijni-y, and Mum- lM\iun i-o chance. The large body of Protectionists here rejoice at the result of the elections so far in other parts of the colony. PaiCramatta, Thi3 D ly. ; A most successful and enthusiastic meeting was hold at Liverpool last night to hear the views of tho quartette of Nationalist candidates, Messrs. Bull, Gee, Graves, and Thorpe. The hall was crowded to excess, and Mr. Sanvoner. occupied the chair. The candidates were recorded a grand reception, especially Messrs. Bull nud Gee. The Hon John Lackey was expected to liavo bcon present, but ivaa prevented by press of business from leaving Sydney, and sent a letter expressing his opinions, and asking his old constituents to support the bunch unitedly; Mr. Graves road a telegram from his brother, the Honorable Jus. Graves, of Melbourne, giving figures, conclusively proving that tho work ing man's wages aro higher in Vicbora, than here. Mr. Bull showed the fallacy of the statement in tho Sydney Tele- c k apji, respecting the Liverpool paper mill, and stated that 35 men had beeu discharged this week. Ha referred largely to local topics. ' Mr. Thorpe, who was suffering from illness, spoko shortly, nnd complained bitterly of tho unfair treatment he had been subjected to at th3 hands of the metropolitan Free-trade journals. Mr. Geo deprecated the intro- .duction of the religious cry, and made a telling speech. A voto of confidence was carried by an overwhelming majority, their being only five hand3 agr.inat it. The cause is exceedingly popular at Liver pool. On the same night another meeting was held at the Cross Roads, and a unani mous voto of confidence was carried. Mr. Dale, the Foreign-trader, withdraws, and will propose Mr. J. Ritchie. Cundletown, This Day. Messrs. M'Kinnou and Ruthven received an enthusiastic reception everywhere. A splendid meeting was held at Gnndletown last night, and a unanimous vote of con fidence passed. .Glen Innes, This Day. At a meeting of tho. Protection Union held on Monday evening it was decided to run Messrs. Hutchison and Fletcher in tho Protectionist interest. Mr. Hutchison is not popular here, and a split has occurred anenb his candidature. Messrs. Wright and Ferguson are the popular candidates, but should Mr. James Fletcher decide to contest he and Mr Wright should b8 re turned. Tweed Heads, This Day. Mr. T. T. Ewing began his campaign last night by addressing a largo meeting. Every ono present wa3 favorable to the candidate Dingwall, This Day. Mr. Seaver, ex -member, has a com- initteo of two, formed by Dr. M'Nisb. He will have to fight hard to Bavo his JHO, Wollonoonq This Day. \- Mr. Fredrick Jones was assured of the full support of the Mount ICembla miners at his meeting last night. Cootaciundua, This Day. Messrs. Gough end Miller are getting most support at this end of tbo Young electorate. A large committee has been formed hero to support Mr. Barnes for the Gundagai electorate. Nowra, This Day. ; Mr. Lovegrove bad a good recejotion . here. He spoke for an boar, and a vote of. Confidence -in him was carried with one dissentient. The Mayor of Nowra occu pied the chair, and referred, in compli- . inentary terras to Mr. Lovegrove and his connection with tho Shoalbavon district. 