"A VEXED INHERITANCE," " ANNIE S. SWAN, Author of 'tTwice Tried,! .:"Across Her Path," '~ Aldersyde," "The Gates of ;Eden," &So.;'" SOHAPTER IR . "THe LOsT IHInR. "Do yoiuthink we could.,leave now, Adelaide" I" So said Hubert Westray, drawing to his wife's side, about an hour after dinner. "It is very early, Hubert. But if you are not well if you would like togo, I will ask MrsaWimot. to excuse us." 1 Do. I feel wretchedly out of sorts," heanawered, hurriedly. "It is insufferable to listen to these people talking. I didn't want to come at all. I ought to have stayed at home." Lady Westray hurriedly rose, and hastened to make their excuses to their hostess; and to ask that their carriage emightbe ordered at.once. Seo was glad to'getawayout of the rotn, glad to escape, especially from Mrs Robert Weostray's keen, cold eyes, which seemed to have a strange, mocking gleam in their depths. A prevision of coming trouble had laid its chill hand on the heart of Adelaide \West ray, and when she was alone in the carriage with her husband she sank back in her corner trembling in every limb. Forgive me, nmy.drling; Im m abhar frightening and hurrying you.like this. I' sinm a miserable, evil.haunted mati, who can rest neither night nor day." "Miserable I Ell-haunted I What do you'mean, Hubert I You terrify me: Why, should you suffer in this way-you who' have never; willlingly? harmed a human being You are very ill, surely, Hubert, and the mind is dependent on the body. You will have the best medical advice to morrow." Hubert Westray gloomily shook his head. "You do not understand, 'Adelaide. My wife, toy' trouble.is. notone which medical skill can assist; or'even youraweot sympathy cure... Who can minister to a mind diseased '" " Butwhat does.it allmean; HubeirI Why should you.be troubled 1 What is it. that lies so heavy on your heart lTell it tome; dearest. Although I'am oly an ignorant girl, I'im'yoiur wife; arid,joh, I could ihtlpyou, I think, if you would only let met." For a time Hubert Westray made !no answer. When.he,didspeak, at length,: it was only to aek: h qsuestion;which liad'no' b'edring on Ihea.ebject. I "Did you go into the nursery before re left, Adelaide 1" "Yee," she answered briefly, hhrt a little at his calm ignoring of her appeal?" "Berttie was all right, I up~aisel S"Yes, nll'right."i ., " .' -" " You can trust Foster'? I hope shb will look after the child s' fithtiully in your absence as wlien youi e'eat hoi.ne" ' t' " Why, of course, What extraordinary questions yoh are asking, Hubert.' You. alarm me very..much.".Her, voice shook and he saw with what an effort she?lkept her self-control. "I cannot help mysolf ,Adollide Ifeel as if there were a sword lianging over my head, Whepover you or the child are out of my sight lamn in torment. "Then you muast be ill,' HBurt, when such such strange fancies possess you," said the youhg'wife, turning, hbi, wodder ing eyes on his face. In the dii light of the carriage lamp sahe 'could ieee hqwpele and haggard 'he waus, ndl,havat a restless light gleamed in his eye. She laid hea hand on his arm, seeking to sootheihim with her gentle {ouch. ' 'i t "I think we must' go away somewhere for a time, Hubert: to tile sunny South, where you will forgeo' il" your' gloomy •fancies. You have beerltoo much among your books of'litit'' I am very proudnof my husband's scholarihip, buti'l caimot let his health stiffer o? its accounit. i He smiled, anid aliglitly ahook'hia head. Then they relapsed into silence, which Adelaide Weatrayfelt no inclination to break. 'She was glad to be satill for a little, to try and think.over this ,trouble inhich had come into, her life.;: Hitherto, no shadow had fallen across her happy heart. Had tihe richest earthly blessings only been given that through thelmahe 'ight' learn something of the ministry of pain? "Adelaide," Sir Hubert's voice broke the long silence, "if you were to learn that I was unworthy, .would, youchange towards me? Should IJ lose, your lovel" "I am your Wife; Hubert-and there is Bertie," she answered, simply,'yet with a strange pathos of wistfulness. 1 ",Youltry me very hard. .If you would only trust me entirely, and tell me what is troubling you, it would be better for us bothl 'Here we are at home I I never was so thank. ful to see home, I think, in all my life before." The carriage drew up at the pillared entrance to West ourt,' and Sir Hubert jumping out, helped his wife to slight with his usual careful tenderness. It was a dark, starless night, theair uhseasoraply warm and oppressively still. It was almost as if a strange hush of expectancy hudn over the dark and silent earth. "How hot it is l" .exclaimed Lady Westray, plushing her hood back frbm her golden ,head and' throwing her cloak off her bare arms.," I' feel"opp'ressed;'in haplpy; Hubert. 'You have infectid me, I think,.with your dulness! I shallbe glad' to got to.sleep: Surely itwillbe brighter to-morrow morning." They entered the hose together, and Sboth'were struek on the tihreahold :by the stillneis withii.' No servant. came, for. ward, as usual, to receive .the wraps; but whon Lady Westray ran upstairs she niet her own maid on. the drawing.room floor. i' Why, DenverI. thoughttybui were all ,sleep. Take my things, and get me' a cip of chocolate," said her ladyship, lightly; then suddenly atiuck by bsomelthing strange isl thie weiinh''demeannotr,'she'look'ed at hersharplj? What i'it . Whly d you look at me ?oistrangelyl'iWe are, an hiuiror two earlier than we expected, but thlat need'not'disconcert yea, surely." "No, my lady, noC at all. There is nothing- at least, ?'sidDenver, trembling, and suddenly bursting into tears, she covered her face with her apron and rin away. . ' ''l I . .Lady.Westray hung heir as dovier the balustrade, and.'walked" upeitira "tl6 tihe nursery. The lightas"in bthl niglit and day nursery were at their full height, the doota wide open, and the boby? was not in his cot. tidy Westiny furioasly rang the bell, but there, nas..no answer. Anotheripatl,'no'nda"y'goo girl who as sisted in'the kitehea.caiioe stealing into the room as 'site as tle ollar at her "Where is babi, and where is Faster, Anne '" asked Lady Westray, very Sharply for her, but. her nerves were atrung to the highest pitch. '' How dare shetake him out of the nursery ilt this late hour? And how dare she send you' to tnrwer my bell" '" S" Oh; my ladj, Fosfe: is in the kitchen. She has fainted three times since, and- Te leitliieid fisll led e'h'e esot'ence, like Denver, 'with a burst of weeping: , ' " Where i? baby? Try to tell mi quietily Anne, what hias Ihappened," said Lady Westray, her very agony of appre. honsion enabling her to speak calmly and sven gently to the sobbing girl. "I'll try, my lady. It was about half. past nine; Foster was in thie hall having a bit of supper with us. She had left baby sleeping in hlia cot, and when sllho came up after ten he was not there. I offered to go up and sit biy htim, my lady, while Irs Foster ihad her supper, but she said hlie was sleping so soundly there was no need." Like an rrow Ladly Westray swept past the girl and sped downstairs to the kitchen. Sir Hubert, after removing his hat and coat, had gone as usual to the library. It was hIis Ihabit to sit over his books till far on in thle imorning. Ho dlid not Ihear the licght, swift foolfall pass tile door; ieto was sitting moodily over the fire, hIis head Iburied in his hands, a prey to Isis own gloomy thoughts. In the kitchetn a bery of terrified servants were gathered about thie nturse, who was rock. I ing herself to and fro in her chair, wriag ing her hands and bemoaning her fate, for it was to her carelessness that -West Court owed the loss of its heir. When Lady Westray, still in, her white dinner dress, with the spring blossoms, now crushed and withered, at her throat and belt, entered the kitchen, the group silently fell apart; then some of them burst into audible sobs. " Foster, what have you done with my child l" asked her ladyship, in a calm, clear, perfectly passionless voice. At the sight of her mistress the woman went off into hysterics; then Lady Westray turned inquiringly to the others. There is very little to tell, my lady," said the cook, more self- possessed than any of the rest.. " Mrs Foster was having her sapper with us, for company's sake, and when she went back to the nursery the baby was gone- spirited away, I say -for no human being could take him. At first we thought Anne or Polly were playing a trick on nurse-trying to frighten her for leaving him-but we soon found there was nothing of that kind. We've searched high and low, mny lady ; there isn't a corner of the house we haven't been into, nor an outhouse. We went through every blessed one with a lantern, but it was no use." Lady Westray asked no more questions, but walked slowly out of the kitchen and upstairs to the library. There was no faltering in her step, nor in her voice, hlten she interrupted her husbandl' reverie by the expiring fire. " Baby is away, Hubert," she said, in a quiet, low voice, and she sat down and looked at him with a dazed, almost vacant air. " Away to bed, do you mean I" "No; away out of the house. They have lost him. Some one has taken hint out of his crib. We shall never see himi any more, I suppose. Poor Bertio ! To be lifted out of his warm bed and carried out into the dark night. It was very cruel, Hubert, to him as well as to us." Hubert Westray sprang to his feet, his tall figure quivering with excitement, the veins in hisn forehead standing out like knotted cords. , "That was hler .err.an," he said, in a low, thick.whisper, oblivious of his wife's unliatural calm. "I ought to have known that revenge brought her here. That is the sword which has been hanging over me for days, Adelaide. I knew it would be either you or the child." Even in her ownt dread, awful rnisery; Lady Westray was arrested by h heust band's wild words. "Who are you talking about, Hubert 1 MIystery seems heaped upon mystery here. Do you know who can have taken Bertie'l" asked his wife, pressing her hands to her throbbing temples, as if trying to collect and calm her thoughts. "'Yes, I know. I saw Rosamond Vane in Westborough yesterday, and her eyes have haunted me ever since. "They fore boded evil to nme and mine." '" Wlh:is Rosanidcid Vane i" "Ah, I forgot ; you.do not know. Yes, l ril'stliesbn', Adeli e.,The crisia hen conme, and you must'lnow all. It cannbto matter now whether you leave me orinot. I told you I have been a miserable, evil haanted man, pursued by the ghost of the past--by the misery of a sin for which I have been bitterly punished. ]Butlthere, I cannot tell you.theastory now... I must go and seek her and the child." ''' So saying, andieaving. his':iife to her helpless;,utnavailing pain, he quitted the house. A little later she heard the ring of horse's hoofs-on the avenue, and if at than moment Adelaide Westray.felt as if -thq.yibyfou-nadatibntsiof e?atleh :id heaven were shaken she may be forgiven. She dragged'herself'up at length, and went to sake somtie more inquiries in a strange, listless, dispirited way, without that exhibition of frenzy which a mother thus suddenly and mysteriously bereft might. ha?ebeen expected to display. There was little more to learn. The gross carelessness of the servants was only confirmed: they were too miserable and conscience-stricken to attempt to screen or defend themselves. While they had been enjoying their evening meal, the hall door had been open and the entire house left at the mercy of any who might elect to enter it, The servant's quarters were quite shut offfrom tlhe upper part of tihe house, and only a very unusual noise could be heard down stairs. How easy then for the robber to steal upstairs and carry away tile sleeping child. The mystery was why the child should have been taken, and so much that is commonly valued by the thief left un. touched. Lady Westrey wandered about the house for a time like one in a dream, looking blankly into one room after another, until at length she sat down on a chair iby the 'empty cotb il the night nursery, and there, with folded hands and wide-staring "eyes, avaied for what she scarcely knew. Norne of the servants came near; they were afraid to see her, they whispered to one another,'end adei dreary hour dragged itself avey, a a , .", T'waurds two olocIk na-the nmorning the sound of a horae'a returning hoofs rang oht'over the still and heavy air, and Lady Westray sprang to her feet. and, with a wild light of expectancy in lier eyes, sped down to the hall, only to see her husband enter alope ; thenswith a low moan she tottered, and' sank unconscious on the' settle in the hall. 1 ,! I-Y t fobe conftititd?I. It t . , 