*81it flortlrcrtt IHiiter, ®0BLIBHED DAILY. TBUHSDAY, JAUrZTA&Y; 3J, Z&-9 "ggtxk great deference for the mining Sother knowledge possessed by the risional Committee of the School lines we think they are fooling away their time. The wire received, through 111*. LISSXEB, fitim the Minis ter for Mines states clearly enough that "the amount of local subscriptions" must be the foundation of any scheme to be formulated. Yet, in the face of that, the Committee adopted Mr. DA VIES' resolution, which leaves out altogetlieranyreferen.ee to "the amount of local subscriptions," and includes things not asked for by the Minister. It is like the play of HAMLET with the Ghost left out. The Committee com mitted themselves to another absurdity. 3$ was suggested that the word "reve nue" should be substituted for "expen diture" in the resolution, and the Chairman approved the suggestion, one air. UAVIES jrill not leaiii from Mr. O'Kajte, evTen in spelling and pro nunciation,and the Committee preferred accepting an absurdity to using tiieir own judgment. Mi's. Glass advises catching yonr hare before you set about cooling it; but Cook DAVIES advises cooking your bare first and spending- yonr money before you bare it. Mr. DATIES also suggested, very astutely, that tbe Committee appointed to report on the Technical School should also report on the site. This committee consisted of Messrs C. F. PJ,AXT, Pact,L, Bbown, and D Avres--th ree of whom are connected -with London and other mining companies, and who would not "certainly be representative of the in- j dependent mining opinion of the field. 1 Anouier committee--tire Site Commit tee Tras appointed-Messrs. PI,.\xt, Kibkbribe, Bktast, and O'Eam:. Tlic Eite.qnestiou should l»e detcrarined first in Hie opinion of C- F. befoi-e ; any one sbonld be asked to subscribe. We, on the eonteiry, think Hifej "-amount of local sab^ripi^fiSi'V in .caKdaqce tlie directions of tite Ujnister, «hould lie. first determined: It is not neeessaiy that the maiiey eboidd be pat down at once. The aasocsof intending subscribers conld be taken. 4nd then tbe Govern ment " will leeekc flue maUer favor afcly" and lay down " what is to be taught" in the^CechhjcaJ School, with out any nefepence to ^ Ilwrts and Jbffi «omniittee of ^advice. 1ft. Trokp j Tflan-Jias been ippointed by the Government to give lectures in the Technical School, and lie is not likely to consult Mr. DATIES, . jf any oilier uneducated man on the subjects lie is to teacli. Mr. MACROS si^ laid, down clearly the mode of procedure. The Provisional Commit tee tire to ascertain *'the anioost of local subscriptionsthen a Standing Committee >a to be elected by the sab-. Bcribf.rs. This Committee wili appoint Trnstees, who will receive lie money voted by Parliament. This is the regular and constitutional method of procedure; but the Provisional Com mittee seem to be desirons of arrogat ing' to themselves the powers and rights of a Permanent Committee of Manage ment. We hope the independent miQpis on the Provisional Committee will assert themselves more, and not give way to the .dictation of parties direct'y interested. The site is the bone of contention; notwithstanding the sieer of COOK: DAVIES that Mr. G'Kank'S suggestion of Plant's or Mill's dam as a site was a "crude idea," we think the "crude idea," will bear examination, and that it will not be pooh-pooh-ed out of discussion by a paid asent of a mining company. Mr. C. F. Pi,ant and Mr. Pauix im mediately exploded when the question of a dam site for the Technical School was introduced. The first asked whether it was the intention of the editor of the JfoRTHERS MrKER to cut ] away the source of the prosperity of Charters Towers-the water supply to j the crashing mills. The question was absnrd on the face of it. No one in liis senses would advocate injury to the crushing mills. The NOETHERX MIXER has, for several years, and be fore a School of Mines was thought of, advocated the removal of those two dams-one at the top aud one at the bottom of Mosman- street chiefly, on sanitary grounds. We held, and we were supported in our opinion by the best medical opinion then on the field, that they were both " fever traps" and when, during the great summer heat, the water.fell in them, the oozy banks threw off malarial exhalations directly causative of sickness. Plakt'S Dam, it is said by its apologists, is open to no such charges, however well they may b<*- alleged against Mixes' Dam. PLANT'S Dam they say affords a healthy means oE recreation for tue men and hoys of the town, who go to flwim there nightly. Nothing is said about its handiness for suicides and that it is * constant terror to mothers of young children. M-1LL8 Sam ^con talns its sad record of infant lives lost, and of girls murdered or suicided there. Let the corporation imitate Bocbfaampton and erect swimming5 baths for the town, where swim-: ming can be indulged in with safety. On sanitary grounds the Dams roust be condemned. The question of compensation we iieed not discuss now. The supposed necessity for these dams will cease, when tlie Bnrdekin water is available. It is Works Board water. The answer to that is, that the owners of stone will go to the mill using' the best water, and that question will settle it-self. A great deal can be said for and against this " crude idea," which turns on Mi-. DAVTES* sensitive stomach. We invite discussion on it. especially wc ask for medical opinions. ] Dr. Moils had "the courage of his opinions," and always condemned the dams. Other doctors may see a source of personal income in them, and their maxim may be-Quieta non moceri let dirty pools rest. We invite dis cussion-all round, especially from miners, whose wives and children live near those dam sources of fever and death. We speak only in the public interest, and without any desire to injure any company, or any indivi dual. 