THE ROMANCE OF RINGS. (FEox THE DAILY NEWS.) The British Museum has just published an illustrated Catalogue of the Gems in the National Collection. As a rule, these engraved stones are set in rings, either in the orginal gold, silver, bronze, or iron, or ine modern set tings. In either case this treasure of antiqui ties, whichmight be carried in:a satchel, is full. of the siost curious and even romantic interest. :Rings were the most intimate, precious,. and durableobjects which men of old-possessed. A inan's ring was. his lock; he set it on a seal which could not be infringed without his dis eovering the injury. . True, a theological im postor, unmasked by Lucian, discovered a method of opening seals, and so was enabled to open the sealed packots of questions which he pretended to read by clair voyance. Indeed, the simple boyish device of a broad seal would have served this rogue as well as the means to which lie had resource. People appear to have been so guileless, ass rule that seals were seldom forged, and, as keys and signatures, they were in.absolutely universal employment. Theywere ever on each man'shand, and the materials on which the gems are cut are of the hardest; and thus one may wear to-day a smalwhich has adorned the finger of Alexander, of Virgili or of Caesar. Rlings with portraits were common in the late Roman Republic, and probably these were worn (especially when Emperors came to be represented later) by the friends of poets and the courtiers of statesmen. The M-useumn fas a gem with a profile of Cicero thatmayhave been apresentfrom TullytoAtticus for what we know, and who will assure that Virgil did not carry the ring with a portrait of Horacc? ' King mentions a portrait of Meesa nissa, set in a ring of iron; "perhaps it has -been worn by Scipto himself. The merit of the engraving proves that it must have been executed for a person of hish position." Thus, there is no waif or stray `eft by the wave of the past on the sea of the present so intimate, and so curious as a ring of the ancient world. Conceive the luck of the collector who should find the ring of Hannibal, "avenger of so many murders;' the ring with a hollow containing sudden poison. The drug may have been hidden in a hollowed stone or m the metal setting. In the former case the gem must have perished with its owner. Mr. King publishes a ospy of an onyx hol lowed out to contain poison and engraved with the ugly face of a horned faun. To reach the poison it was only nceary t bite through the thin shell of onyx. When the gold deposited by Camillus in the Capitol wasitaken away the person responsible for it "broke the stone of his ring in his mouth," and died at once. As thesestores appear not to ,e ldoubted they seem to prove thatthe ancient were indeed no inexpert po ers.We must infer the reverse from stories of the cltmsinets of Locusto. The romance of ancient gems isinexhaustiblc; it meets us everywhere. This corneliu:m may hold the portrait of some rich man's mistress, such as Clement of Alexandria forbade the Christians to wear ; we may he lookilg on the favourite of Ovid or Proportius, on Coriina or on Cynthia. Where will our photographs be in 1,800 years, or what record will exist of the fair faces of to-day. They are washed. on paperor painted o canvas ; nt one lady or. lover has thought of betIg made imperishable on comrelian or sard, yet if there were but patrons, who can doubt that the skill existse, as in the last century, and that we have inglorious Pichlers and Pistrneci among us, wiho, like these masters, needed to siu their genms lost they should be sold for veritable antiques? But gem- engraving lhs rarely flourished, apart from the custom which made a oma's ring part of himself, his symbol and oignmture, a token often, as in the case of the famous ring Elizabeth gave to Essex. Of all rings, if only one could ideatify it, the most romantic would be that which was worn by tho fair ghost of Corinth, who even from her grave came to em brace her lover. The story is told in fragment of Phlegon, a writer of the second century of our era. In Phleon's words it sounds uncomfortably real. We see tihe old nurse prying into the room of the young man whose betrothed is dead; and there the dead girl sits with her bridegroom, and when the house has been roused, and the grave soarched, they find there only the iron ring which the lover lad given to the dead girl in exchange for herring of gold. This tiny circlet of iron moves us more than even the poisonous ring of Hannibal, or that too famous gem whichl Polycrate tried vainly to throw away. In Pliny a time they showed it' a sardonyx not eugravod, in the Temple oi Concord. But this was a blunder, for Herodotus declares it to have been an emerald, engraved by Theodorus of Samos with the device of a lyre, according to Clement of Alexandria. Some years ag people fancied that- this famous ring, as noted as that of Solomon, had been dug up in a vine yard at Aricia. Mr. King cruelly suggests that this was a mere ancient imitation, "a favourite device of literary men." But the style of the art, archaic in the time of Poly crates, would settle that question, and perhaps permit us to believe in the authenticity of the relic. Gems are practically imperishable. A wonderful head bf Medusa on an onyx is no less mysteriously beautiful than of old, though for many centuries it was rolled in the sand and silt of the Tiber. The ring of Polycrateo?if not found at Aricia, may to-day be on the finge'o some fisherman of Samos, for these men m Greek islands have ssually some veoma .jewel of this description. - The museum catalogue, as may be supp is concerned with the history, not with thb romance, of rinags; They bean to be regulrly collected in cabinets by the Romans before 'the RepubliefelL They were older than: Rome or Greece, for Greece borrowed the idea chiefly from the Egyptian scanra. To be sure, been shaped pebbles were engraved by the Greeks before they took to cutting scarabs of cornelian, and very ugly the engravings on the old pebbles often are. oThey somuimg prove that Greeks .used this mrd material Wtiil their artistic skill was not in advance of Red Indian design, and when their dress was of the New Caledonian fashion. An example (73) is photographed in the catalogue. Thestonescarabs caiein aboutth0end of the seventh century n.c. It may be said that the designs on the early scara are only by a stage les rude than those found on the !'lentoid" or bean-shaped stones. Finally it dawned on somebody that the dumpy, thick scarab was a waste of material. Thenceforth thin slices of arse stones worenued, and to these we owe the exquisite effects of translucencyand colour in the best ring-stones. From this date the art of gem engraving enters its best period. It presents us with miniature copies of famous lost statues; with portraits of poets, emperors, beauties; with scenes from real life; with little idyllslikeillostssonsof Theoceiitus; with scenes from mythology, with fanciful devices; with groups of laughiig Loves; with men engaged in all occupations; with hints of religious mystlia ; finally, with the dull and grotesque cymbls of Gnoetiim. The whole history, social, politiceal, religious, artistic, of several centuries is imperish ably represented on the seals of rings. Even fire, which blackens them, and makes them opaque, does not ri the loveline? of the lines. Modern civilistien can leave no such indestructible picture of itself, no sech beau. hiful fragments of customs and manners which must pas, as. Greece and Roma havepased away. These elder Statee will in this maner cutliae us, -and. if a coemie atmosphere swept manfrom the world, and if again the world was inlabited by rational beings, they too would find the coUnterfeit representation of what Greece was engraven on onyx, and sard5 and emerald. Such are the faines suggested by the 2,349 ruing of the Museum. 