THE DAY WILL GOME. Br M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audrey's Seoret," "Vixen," "Ishjiael," "Like and Un- like)i> .iTHE j-atal Three," Ac., Ac. ! CHAPTER XIAL— Continued. "It would be a good thing for xioor neighbor hoods if there were many Indies of your mind. Miss Newton," said Theodore, basking in the glow of the fire, and looking lazily round the room, with its two well filled book cases, its brackets nnd shelves and hangiug pockets, its largb old fashioned sofa and substantial claw- footcil table, its cheap basket chairs, cushioned with bright color, its lamps and candlesticks on shelf nnd bracket, ready to the hand when extra light should bo wanted, its contrivances anil liatidiuesses of all kinds, which denoted tho womanly inventiveness of tho tenant. "AV"ell, I belicvo it woulili— if only a small percentage of the lonely spinsters of Eugland would mako their abode among the poor, things would have to be mended somehow. There could not be such crying evils as there are if there were more eyos to see them, anil more voices to protest against them. You like this old room of mine, I see, Mr. Dalbrook," added Sarah Newton, following his eyes as they surveyed the dark red wall : against which the brackets and shelves, and books anil photographs, and bits of old china stood out in bright relief. " I am full of admiration anil snrprise." " It is all my own work. I had lived in other people's houses so long that I was charmed to have a homo of my own, even in Lambeth. I was determined to spend very little money, anil yet to make myself comfortable, so I just squatted in the next room for the" first . threo Mouths, with only a bedstead, a table and - a chair or two, while I prowled all over London to find just the furniture I wanted. -There's liot nn article in the room that did not take me weeks to find and to buy, anil there's not an article that wasn't a tremendous bargain — but what an egotistical old prattler I am. : AA'omen who live much alone get to be dreadful prosers — I -won't say another word about myself— at any rate, not till after I've made you a cup of tea after your cold walk." She hnd seen the muil upon his boots, nnd guessed that ho hnd walked from the Temple. " Pray do not take niiy trouble — " "Nonsense ; it is never trouble to a .woman to. make tea. I give a tea party twice a week. I hope you liko ten?" " I adore it ; but pray go on with your account of how you settled ' down here. I am warmly interested." " That's, very good of you — but there's not niucli to tell about myself," said Miss Newton, producing some pretty old china out of an antique cupboard with, glass doors,' and setting out a littlo brass tea tray while she talked. There was a small copper kettle Binging on tho old fashioned liob, anil there was n covered dish of toast in the capacious fender. Miss Newton's dinners wero ever of the slightest, .but she was a sybarite as to her tea. No cheap and powdery mixture ; no "inferior Dosset" for her. Sho made licr brew with a dainty precision which Theodore admired, while sho went on talking. " Do you like tho color of tho walls? Yes, I pointed them. And you like that pattern on tho ceiling ? I xioxiered it. I am rathor a dab at carpentering, too, anil I put iqi . all thoso shelves and brackets, and I covered the chairs, and stained the boards round that old Turkey carpet; and then, after a day's hard work,, it was very pleasant to go and stroll about tho book slibxis of an evening and pick up a volume here anil there till I got all my old friends about me. I felt like Elia ; only I had no Bridget to sharo my pleasures." J She seated herself opposite to him with a wicker table in front of her,' and began to pour out the tea. He wondered to find himself as muoh at home with her as if he had known her all his life. "It is very good of you to receive mo so cor dially," he said, presently. " I feel that I come to you as an unauthorised intruder." " Can you guess why I was willing to receive you?" she asked, looking at him intently anil with a sudden gravity. " Can you guess why I didn't telegraph to forbid your coming ?" " Indeed, no, excopt because you nre naturally kind." " My kindness had nothing to do with it. I was willing to see you because of your name. It is a very familiar name to me — Dalbrook, the name of the man who bought the house in which she was born. Poor soul, how sho must hnve hated liim in her desolate after years — how she must liavo hated tho race that ousted her from the homo she loved. " "You aro talking of Evelyn Strnngway I" "Yes, she was my first pupil, and I was very fond of. her — all. the fonder of her, porhaiis, because sho was wayward and difficult to manage ; and because I was much too young and inexperienced to oxeroiso anyAiuthority over her." "It is of her I want to talk to you, if you will allow me." " Certainly. I liko talking of those old days when I was a girl. I don't supxiose I was imr- ticularly happy at Clieriton Chnso ; but I was young, and we most of us hug that delusion, giul believe we wcro happy in our youth. Poor Evelyn — so often in disgrace — so often unhaiqiy, from the very dawn of girlhood. AA'hat reason can you have for being curious about her ?" "I havo a very strong reason, though I cannot explain it yet awhile. I have set myself to discover the history of that banished race." "After the angel with, tho flaming sword stood at the/gate — that is to say, after Sir. Dalbrook bought tho property. By the bye, what are you to Lord Cheriton ? His son Iierhaps?" " No, I am only a second cousin." " Is it on his account you aro making these inquiries ?" " He is not evon aware that I am making them." " Indeed, nnd pray how did you find mo out? My tea pnrties aro not recorded in the Society papers. I have never figured among ' Celebri ties at Home."' "I took some pains to find you," said Theo dore, and then he told her of his visits to tho agencies and of his journey to the Vicarage in Lakeland. . "You have taken infinite troublo, and for so small a result. I can give you very littlo infor mation about Evelyn Strangway — afterwards - Mrs. Darcy." "Did you lose sight of her after you left Cheriton?" " Yes, for n long time. It was years before wo met again ; but she wrote to mo several times from Lausanne, during the first year of her banishment, poor child, doleful letters," com plaining bitterly of her father's cruelty in keep ing her away from her beloved Cheriton— tho horses and dogs, tho life she loved. School sho detested. She was clover, but sho had no taste for intellectual pursuits. She soon wearied of the lake and tho mountains, and the humdrum society of a small town. Sho wrote of herself as a galley slave. Then came a sudden change, and sho began to writo about him. You don't know tho way a girl writes about him ; the first him sho lias ever thought worthy to be written about. Her tone was light enough at tho beginning. She had met a young Irishman at a littlo evening party, and they had laughed together at Lausanne society. Ho was an officer, on furlough, full of wit and fun. I need not go into details. I saw. her danger, and warned her. I reminded lior thnt her father would never allow lier to marry a subaltern in a mnrching regiment, nnd that such a marriage would menn starvation. Her father could give her nothing; it was incumbent on her to marry well, and with her attractions she had only to wait for a good offer. It would inevitably come in duo time." " She was handsome, I suppose? I know her face in tho picture at Cheriton. My cousin bought all the old portraits." " She was much handsomer than tlio picture. That was painted when she was only. 15, but at 17 her beauty had developed, and sho was ono of the . most brilliant blondes I ever saw. AVell, I suppose you know how useless iny advico wah. She ran away with her Irish ensign, anil I heard no more of her for nearly four years, when I met her one afternoon in tho Strand, and sho took mo homo to her lodging in C'ecii-street, and gave me somo tea. It was in October, -and I stayed with her till dark, and then she insisted on seeing me off in tho omnibus to Haverstock Hill, where I was then living in an artist's family. The lodgings woro shabby, nnd she was shabbily dressed. She was as liandsomo as over, but sho looked worried and unhappy. Her hus band had sold out of the. army, and had a posi tion as secretary to a AVest End club. She told me thnt they would have been pretty well off but for his extravagance. He was getting £400 a year, and they hod no children. She complained that it was her fate to be allied with spendthrifts. Her father had squandered . his fortune; and her husband's improvident habits kept her in continual debt and difficulty. It grieved mo to sea the ishabbiness of her . sur roundings—the . squnliu lodging-house parlor, without so much as a bunch of flowers .or a, stand of books to show that it was in the occu pation of a lady. There wa3 a cigar box on the mantelpiece, and there was a heap of news papers on the sofa and a pair of shabby slippers insido the fender. It was a room to make one shudder. I asked her if she was reconciled to licr father, and she . said r.o; she had heard nothing of him sines her marriage. I felt very unhappy about lioi after wo parted at Hungcrforil Market. I saw her standing on the pavement as the omnibui drove away, a tall, slim figure, distinguished- looking in spite of lier shabby velvet mantle and '. ' rusty black silk gown. I hnd promised to g« and sec her again, though I was very seldom at liberty at that time, anil I went to Cecil-street two or three timc3 in tli< courso of the winter ; but sho , was always out, anil there was something . in the tono of her letters that mado. mo think sho did not wisli to see mo again, though I bo> lieve she was fond of me always, poor soul. I saw nothing moro of her, and heard nothing until nearly four years afterwards, when- 1 was spending an afternoon at Richmond with mj pupils— two girls of 14 and 16— and I came face to face with lier in front o: Thomson's Seat. She was with a tall, handsome man, whom at first I' took to bo her husband; but there was some thing in tho manner of both of thom that im pressed mo uncomfortably, aiuiil began to feai that this was not her husband. She looked better, and brighter than when I saw her iu Cecil-street, and she was better dressed— very plainly, but in excellent taste. -She took mo aside a littlo way while! her companion stood nnd talked to the two girls. She put her arm through miho in her old caressing way, and- then she said, apruptly, "I almost wonder that you will speak to me. I thought you would have cut nio dead." Ilooked puzzled no doubt n.s she said, "Perhaps you don't know what a Inst crea ture I am. Perhaps you have not heard.'"" . I told her I hail heard nothing about her since wo parted at Hungcrforil Market, iind then sho gave a deep sigh, and said, "AVell, I am not going to ileceivo you. That," with a nod of her head towards tho man who wasstmiding with his back to us, "is not my husband, but ho nud I are bound together for the rest of our lives, and we are perfectly, linppy together. Society would scorn us and trample upon us no doubt if we gave it a chance ; but we don't. AVe live out of tho world, nnd we live for. ono another. Now, aren't you shocked with me? Don't you want to run away?'- she asked, with a little laugh which I knew was moro hysterical than mirthful. . told her that I was very sorry for her. I couhl say no more than that. " You would be sorrier still if you coulil picturo to yourself the miser able life I led before I left iny husband," she asked. " I bore it for five years, years that Svere liko an eternity. Ho cared for mo no more than for tho flower girls in the street. He left mo to pine . in my. dingy lodging, left me to be dunned . and worried ' all day long, left me out at elbows, ashamed of iny own shabbiness, whilo ho amused himself at his club ; and then he thought himself cruelly used when he found out there was another man . in the world who thought me worth caring for, und when I tolil him I loved that, man with all my heart. My leaving him was the impulse of, a moment. Tho moment came when I left mad anil desperate, and I ran out of the house in my ' despair, . and jumped into the first cab I could hail, nnd drove away to him," pointing to tho man in the distance, strol ling beside my two gawky girls, " and to happiness. I am a wicked wretch, no doubt, to be happy under such circumstances, but, I am; or, at any rate, as happy as anybody can hope to be, in this world. There is always a thorn among tho flowers," sho sighed, as if tlio thorn were a big one, I thought. " I suppose I shall never see you again," she said. "AVhen we say good-bye presently, it will be farewell for ever." I told her that was not inevitable. I was my own mistress, free to choose my friends. I told her that if ever sho hnd need of a friend I would go to her. ' I felt that I was iu some wise answerable for the bad turn her life had taken, for had I been' n moro judicious counsellor I might have guided her hotter, might have prevented her coming into collision with her father. I asked her for her address, but she told me she had pro mised to tell nobody where sho lived. "AVe are living out of tho world," - sho said ; " we havo no visitors, no friends or acquaintance." She clasped my hands, kissed me and hurried away to rejoin the man ' whoso name I never learned. He lifted his hat to me nnd the girls, and they walked away together towards tho Star and Garter, leaving us standing by Thomson's seat, staring idly at the landscape in the summer sunlight. I felt dazed as 1' stood there, looking down into that lovely . valley. It hail been a terrible shook to me to meet her again under such circumstances. CHAPTER XAr. "AA'hat impression- did tho man make upon you -in that brief meeting?" asked Theodore " Did he strike you as n roinf? " " No, that was tho odd part of the business. He had tho steady, respectable air of a bread, winner, a professional, or perhaps a commercial man. I could not tell which. There was nothing flashy or dissipated in his appearance. He looked mo steadily iu the face when he bowed to me at parting, and he had a frank, straightforward express.on, and a grave decision of manner that was not without dignity. He was soberly dressed in a style thnt attracted no attention. I hail no doubt that he was a gentle man." "Ho was handsome, you say ?" " Yes, he was decidedly handsome — but I can remember only the general character of his face, not features or details, for I saw him only twice in my life." "All, yon saw him again then?" - " Onco again — somo years later, after her deatli." " She is dead, then ?" cried Theodore ; "that is tho fact I havo been trying to'learn from any reliable source of information. There was a ! rumor of her denth years ago, but no ono could , give mo any evidenco of the fact. I wentto Bou logne last week to try and trace her to her last resting place, but I could discover neither tomb- stone nor record of any kind." . ' "And yet it was at Boulogne she died? I will tell you all I know about her if you like. It doesn't amount to muoh." "Pray, tell me everything you can. I am deoply grateful to you for having treated me with so much frankness" . . . "It was on her account I-reeeived you, I am ; glad to talk to anyone who is interested in her 1 pitiful fate. Thero were so few to care for her. I think there is no lot more sail than that of a ' broken down gentleman's daughter, born to an .inheritance she is never to enjoy, brought up to think of herself us a personage, with a right to . tho world's reiqiect, and finding herself friend: loss and penniless in the bloom of her woman hood, exposed to the world's contumely." Theodore's face Hushed a littlo at this mention of his interest in the squire's daughter, for he could but feel that tlio interest was of a sinister ' kind ; but ho held his peace, and Miss Newton went on with her story. "It was/ ever so many years after that -' meeting in Richmond Park— I think it must have been nearly 10 years— when I ran against that very man upon a windy March day in J Folkestone. I had thought much and often of my poor girl in all those years, wondering how the world linil used her, and whether that man whom sho trusted so implicitly had been true to her. I shuddered at the thought of what her fate might have beon if lie were false. I had nover heard a word about her in all that time. I hail scon no report of a divorce suit in the papers. I know absolutelynothing-of her history from the hour I parted with her by Thomson's Scat, till I ran against that man iu Folkestone. I am rather shy about speaking to strangers in a general way, but I was so anxious to know her fate that I stopped this man, whose very name was unknown to me, and asked him to tell me about my poor friend. He looked bewildered, as well he might, at being pounced upon in that ' ' manner. I explained that I was Evelyn < Strangway's old governess, and that! was ; uneasy at having lost, sight of her for so many years, and was very, anxious to see her again. He looked troubled at my -question, and he ' -p.;.-';--. t answered mo gravely — 'lam sorry to say you will never do that. Your friend is dead.' I asked whan she had died, and where ? He told inc within tho last month, and at Boulogne. I asked if he was with her at tho last, and ho said no ; and then ho lifted liis lmt nnd muttered something about having very littlo time to get to tho , station. Ho was going to London by the next train it \- seemed, and ho was evidently anxious to shako mo off— but! was determined lie should answer at least onq more question. 'AYn3 her husband with her when she died?' I asked. His faco darkened at the question, which I suppose was a foolish one. ' Do you think it likely ?' ho said, trying to move past mo ; but I had laid my lmnd upon his sleeve in my eagerness. 'Pray toll mo tlmt hor.cnd was not unhappy — and that she was ponitcnt for lior sins.' Ho looked very angry nt this. ' If I stand hero talking to you another minute I shall lose my train, madam,' lie said, 'and I have important business in London this afternoon.' A fly camo strolling by at this moment. He bailed it nnd jumped in, and lie drovo off Into whnt Thomas Carlylo would call tlio immensities. I never saw him again ; I never knew liis name or calling, or place of abode, or anything about him. I can no moro localise him than I can Goethe's Mephi3tophelcs. God knows liow he treated my jioor girl — w-licthcr ho was kind or cruel ; whether ho was faithful to a dishonor able tie, or whether ho hold it as lightly as such tics have been held by tlio majority from the ago of Abraham downwards." Tim littlo woman's face flushed aud her eyes filled as she gave vent to her feelings. " And this is all you know of Evelyn Strang- way ?" said Theodore, when she hod finished. "This is all I know of licr. And now tell me why you arc so anxious to learn licr history— you who can never have scon licr face, except in tin; picture at Cherituu. I dressed bur fur that picture, and sat by whilo it was painted." . "I will tell you the motivo of my curiosity," answered Theodore. " You have treated me so frankly tlmt I feel I must not withhold my confidence from you. . I know that I can -rely upon your discretion." "I can talk,; as you liavo "just heard," said Miss - Newton, " but lean bo as silent as the grave when I like." "You must have read something about tho murder at G'licriton last July." ' ' I read a great deal about it. I took a morbid interest in the ease, knowing tho house bo well, in every cranny and corner. I could picture the sceno as vividly as it I lmd seen tho murdered man lying there. A most inoxplicablo murder, apparently motiveless. " 'Apparently motiveless. That faot has so preyed upon tlie poor widow's mind tlmt slio has imagined a motive. Sho lias a strange fancy tlmt one of tlio Strangways must liavo been tlie author of tho crime. She has brooded over their images till tho idea of one of thnt banished race, garnering his wrath for long years, until at last tho hour oame for a bloody revenge, and then striking his death-blow out of tlie dark — striking his fatal blow anil Vanishing from tho sight of mon, as if a phantom arm had bocn stretched out of tlio night to deal that death-blow. She has asked me to help lier in discovering the murderer, and I qm iilcdged to do my utmost towards thnt end. I am the more anxious to do so as I tromblo for tlio consequences if sho should bo allowed to brood long upon tliis morbid fancy about tlie Strangways. - I think, liowover, that with your help I havo now laid that ghost. I havo traced tlie two brothers to thoir graves,' and I supposo we may accept tho statement of the man you met at Folkestone as sufficient evidence of Mrs. Darcy's death, especially as it seems to fit in with tho account of the then Vicar of Oheriton, who mot her in Boulogne in tho summer of '64, looking very ill and muoh aged." » "It was in tho spring of '65 I met that man at Folkestone. I could find tho dato in my diary if you wished to bo very preoiso about it, for it is ono of my old maidisk way3 to bo vory regular in keeping my diary. Poor'Evelyn ! To think that anyone should bo wild enough to suspeot lior of being capable of murder— or Fred or Reginald. They had tho Strangway temper, all tlireo of them, and a fiery temper it was when it was roused— a temper that led to family quarrels and all sorts of unhtippinoss ; hut murder is a difforeiit kind of thing." ' ' ' That is tho question," said Theodore gravely. "Is there such a wido gulf between the temper that makes family quarrels, sets father against son, and brother against brother, and tho temper that pulls a trigger or uses a bouric-knife V I thought tliey wero one and tlio samo thing in actual quality, and that tho result was depen dent upon circumstances." " Oh, don't talk like that please. Murder is lomctliing oxccjitional — a hideous soleoism in nature— and in this case why murdor ? AYhat had Sir Godfrey Carmichacl dono that any member of tho Strangway ' family should want to kill him?" " I tell you that tho idea is a wild one, tho morbid growth of my cousin's sorrow." " Of course it is. I am very sorry for her, poor soul. I don't supposo any woman could sutler moro than sho must havo done, and live. It is a dreadful story. And sho was vory fond ot lier husband, I daresay." ."She adored him. They had beon lovers from her childhood almost. There novor woro a more devoted bride and, bridegroom. Their honeymoon was hot beginning to wane. They were still lovqro, still in a state of sweet surpriso at finding themselves husband and wife. Poor girl, I saw her tlio day before tlio murder, a brilliant creature, tho vory spirit of joy. I saw her the morning after, a spcotro, with awful eyes and marblo faoc — more . dreadful to look upon than her murdered husband on his bed of death." " It is all too sad," sighed Miss Newton. "I begin to think that Oheriton is a fatal house, and that no ono can possibly bo happy there. However, you can tell this poor lady that thq Btnuigways aro exonerated from any part in her misery." "I shall writo to her to-night to that effect. And now, Miss Newton, let mo thank you once more for your friendly frankness, and wish you . good night." " Don't be in such a liurry, Mr. Dnlbrook. I liko your faco, and I should like to seo you agaiu some day, if you can find time to waste an hour upon an old maid in such a God-forsaken place as AYcilgcwood-strcct." " I shnll think an hour so spoilt most delight fully employed, " answered Theodore, who was ; quite subjugated by tjio charm of this littlo person and lior surroundings. ' He did not remombor having over sat in a room he liked better than this first floor front in AA'odgowood-street, with its terra cottn walls, and prettily hound books, and curious oddments of old china, and comfort&blo; curtains of work- bouse sheeting, with a bold vermilion border worked by Sarah Neiyton'a indofatigablo lingers. "I should very much liko to hear all about your life in this— strange neighborhood," ho said. " Thore is not muoh to tell. AVlien my little fortune— left by my uncle, tlio dry Salter— fell . into mo I was a lonely old woman, without one surviving relative for whom I cared twopence. I was pretty tired of teaching French and German— God knows how many hundred times 'I must liavo gone through' Ollen- dorf in both languages— and I've - done liim . a good many times in Italian, par dessus le inarche. Perhaps I might havo held on for a year or two longer, as. I was very fond of those nico girls and boys at the A'ioarage, if it hadn't been for Qllcndorf. He . decided me. Leila, tho youngest girl, had only just begun that accursed book. Slie was blun dering over tlio baker's golden candlestick the veiy morning I got the lawyer's letter to.tell mo ot rny uncle's death, and tlio will, nnd tho legacy, I snatched tho book out of hor hand, and shut it with a hang, ' Aint I to do any moro Ollen- dorf, Sally?' sho asked. ' You may do as muoh as you like, my love,' I said, ' but you'll do 110 more with me. I'm a millionaire, or at least I feel ns wild and independent as if I woro a ltoths- child.' AY-cll, I lay awake all that night making plans for my life, and trying to think out lipw I could got the most happinqss nnd comfort out.pf my littlo Wtuno, enjoy my declining years, have everything I wanted, nnd yet bo of . somo uso to my fellow orcaturcs ; nnd tlio end of it was that I made up my mind to tnko a , roomy lodging in a poor neighborhood, wbero I should not be tempted to spend a penny upon appearances, furnish it after my own heart, and mako myself happy in just my own way, without caring a straw what any body thought about mo. I knew that I was plaiu as well as elderly, that I could never be admired, or cut a figure iu the genteel world, sp I determined to renouncp the gentilities alto- gether and to bo looked up to in a little world of my own," "And you have found your plan answer "It has answered beyond my hopes. Ever since I was 30 years of age, and had done with all young ideas and day-dreams, I lmd ono particular ideal of earthly liaxipiucss, and tlmt was the position of a country squire's wife — an energetic, active, wcll-mnaning woman, tho central figure in a jural village, having her model cottages and her allotment gardens, licr infirmary, her mission house — the good genius of her littlo community, a queen in miniature, anil without political entanglements, or menace of foreign war. Now it could never bo my lot to reign on a landed estate, to build cottages, or cut up fcrtilo meadows for cottagers' gardens, but I thought by taking up my abode in a poor neighborhood, nnd visiting quiotly and in a friendly, familiar way— no tracts or preachings — among tho most respectable of the inhabitants, and slowly fooling my way among the diffioult subjects, I might gradually acquire an influence just as strong as that of tho Lady Bountiful in a country parish, and might como to bo as use ful in my small way as the squire's wife with her larger means. And I have done it," added Miss Newton triumphantly. "There aro rooms in this street and in other streets tlmt aro to mo my model cottages. Thore arc overworked, underfed women, who look' up to mo as thoir Providence; thore are children who come nnd hang to my skirts ns I pass along tho streets ; there are great hulking men who ask my advice and get mo to write their letters for them ; and what could a squire's wife have more than that? And yot I have only a hundred and fifty jiounds a year to spend upon my people. " "You give them something more than money, you give them sympathy — tho magnetism of your strong and gonorous nature." " All, there is something iu that.. Magnetism is a good word. There must be some reason why people attach themselves so ardently to Mr. Gladstone, don't you know, somo chnrm.in him that holds them almost in spito. of them selves; and makes them think as lie thinks and veer as hp veers. Yes, they Bwing round with him likatho boats going round with tho tide, and tliey can't help it any moro than tlio boats can. And I think, to oomparo small things with great, there must bo some touoh of that magnetic power in me," concluded Miss New ton. " I am sure of it," said Theodore, " and I am siuo too that you . must bo like a spot -of light in this dark littlo world of yours." " I live among ' .my friends. That is tho point,'! explained Miss Newton ; " I don't come from Belgravia, or a bright pretty terraco in Kensington, and tell them they ought to keep thoir wretched rooms cleaner, and open their windows, aud put flower pots on thoir window sills. I live here and they can come and see liow I keep my rooms, and judge for thorn- solves. Thoir landlord is my landlord, and a nice lifo I lead him about water, and whitewash, and drains. Ho is thoroughly afraid of mo, I am happy to say, and goncrally bolts round a corner when ho soes me in tho street, hut I am too quick for his over-fed legs. I taoklo him about all his shortcomings, and lie finds it oaslcr to spend a fow pounds upon his property- now and then than to liavo me upon bis heels at ovory turn; so now Crook's tenements have quite a reputation in Lambeth. - If you were to see tho old dragon yon would wonder at my pluck in nttaoking him, I can assure you." "Your whole life is wonderful to ine, Miss Newton, and I only wish there were hundreds of women in this big oity living just as you live. Toll me; please, what kind of xieoplc your neighbors are." " Oh, thore aro peoxile of all kinds, somo, of course, who are quite impracticable, for whom I can do nothing ; but there aro many moro who aro glad of my' friendship, nnd who recbivo me with open arms. Tho single women and widows aro my oliief friends, nnd somo of those I know as well a3 if wo had been brought up and educated ux>on the same social level. They are workwomen of all kinds, tailoressos, shirt makers, girls who work for military outfitters, extra hands for Court dress makers, shop girls' at the humbler class of shoj>3, shoebinders, arti ficial flower makers. I wonder whether you would like to see some of them." " I should liko it very muoh indocd." "Then perhaps you will como to ono of my tea partios. I giyotwo tea parties a week all through tho winter, to just as many of my women friends as this roam will hold. If liolds about 20 very comfortably, so I make 25 tlie outside limit. AYb rather enjoy a littlo bit of a crush — and I give my invitations so that they all havo such little pleasure as I can give them fairly, turn and turn about. AYe do not begin our ovoniiig too early, for the working hours aro Xirccious to my x>oor things. AYe take tea at 8 o'clock, and wo seldom soxiarato before half-past 11 — just as if we were at a theatre. AYo have a little music, and a littlo reading- and recitation sometimes; a round gamo at cards, or often we are in ' a wild, humorous dumb crambo, or even puss' in tho corner, and we havo always a groat deal of talk. AAre sit round this fireplace in a doublo circle, the youngor ones sitting on . the rug in front of us elders, nud we talk, and talk, tind talk — about ourselves mostly, and you can't think what good it does us. Surely God gave man speech as the univorsal safety valve. It lets off half our troubles, and half our sense pf tho world's injustice." "Please let me eomo to your very .next party," said Theodore, smiliug at the littlo woman's nrdor. "Tlmt will be to-inorro\y evening," replied Miss Newton. "Ishall have to mako on exenso for your appearance, as we very seldom invito a man. You will have to read or recite some thing, as a reason for your being asked, don't you know." "I will not recoil evon from tlmt test. I. have distinguished myself occasionally at a .Penny Reading. Am I to be tragic— tho Armada — or comic ?" " Bo botli if you cau. AYe liko to laugh, but wo revel in somothing that makes ua cry desporatoly. If you could givo us somothing crecxiy into the bargain, freeze our blood witli a ghost or two, it would be all the more enjoyable." "I will satiate you with my talents; Ishall feel like Pentheus when ho intruded upon liis mother aud licr crew, and shall bo humbly grateful for not being torn to pieces.; I daresay I shall bo torn to iiieces morally, in tho way of criticism. Good night, and a thousand thanks." " AArait," said Miss Nowton. "I'm afraid it is muoh foggier than whon you came. I; havo smelt the . fog coming on whilo we have beon talking. AVouldn't you like a cab?" "I should very' muoli, but I doubt if Ishqll succeed in finding one." "You wouldn't, but I daresay I can got you one," replied bliss Newton, decisively. Sho had an unobtrusive little clinteluine at lier side, and from tho bunoh of imploments, scissors, penknife, thimble, sho selected a small whistle. Thou she pulled back one of tlio cream- wliito curtains, oxiencd tlio window, and whistled loud and shrill into tho fog. Two minutes afterwards there camo a small treble voice out of tbo darkness. " AVliat is it, Miss Newton ?" " AYho's tlmt ?" / . . "Tommy Meadows." "All right, Tommy. Do you think you oould find s, hansom without getting yourself run ovor?" " Rather ! Do you want it bringed to your door, Miss?" "If you please, Tommy." "I'm off," cried the shrill voice, and in less than 10 minutes a two-whoclcr rattled along the street and drew up sharply at Tommy's treble command, with Tommy himself seated inside, enjoying tho drive and the uncertainty of the driver. His spirits were still, further exalted by tho gift of a 6d. from Theodore as he stopped into the cab, to be taken cautiously back to the Templo. Even that sittingroom of bis, which bo had takon somo pains to make oomfortablo and homelike, had a gloomy look after that bright room in Lambeth, with its terra cotta walls aud cream colored curtains, its gaily bound books anil vivid Vallauris vnses perched in every available corner. He was moro interested in that quaint interior, and in the woman who had created it, than lie lmd been in anyono except tliut one womnn who filled the chief plnco in all his thoughts. The Vicar of had not over estimated Sarah Newton's power of fascina tion. Ho was in AVcdgowood-street at a fow minutes before 8 on the following evening. The sky above Lambeth was no longer obscured, there wero wintry stars shining over that forest of chimney pots and overlasting monotony of slated roofs, and even Latimer- road looked lively with its eosters' barrows and bustlo of eventide marketing. Theodore found tho door open, -as it had boen yesterday, nnd lie found an extra lamp upon tlio first flour landing and tlio door of Miss Nowton's room njar, while from within came the sound of many voices, moderated to a subdued tone, but still lively. . ' His modest knock was nnswercd by Miss New ton herself, who was standing closo to tlie door, ready to grcot every fresh arrival. " How do yon do? - AYo are nearly all here," she said clicorily. I liopo you havo not just been dining, for with us tea mentis a hearty meal, and if you cau't oat anything wo shall fool as if you wero Banquo's ghost. How do you do, Mrs. Kinby, to another arrival, Baby better, I- "hope? Yes; that's right. How are you, Leila ? nnd you. Roso. You've had tlmt wretched tooth out — 1 can see it in your face. Suoli a relief, isn't it ! So glad to see you, Mrs. Dale, and you, Maria, and you Jenny. AVhy, wo are all hore, I do believe." " Yes, Sliss Newton," said a bright-looking girl by tho fireplace, who had been making toast indofatigably for twenty minutes, and whoso complexion had suffered accordingly. " Thoro are two-and-twonty I've counted, tliveo-and- twenty counting the ' gentleman and you. I think that's as many lis you cxxiccted." "Yes, everybody's here. So wo may as well begin tea." In most such assemblies where tho intontion was to benefit a humble class of guests, tho pro ceedings would have begun witli a hymn, but at Miss Nowtou's parties there were neither hymns nor prayers — and yot Sliss Nowton loved her hymnbook, and delighted in tlio pathos and tho sweetness of the music with which thoso noblo words are interwoven ; nor would sho yield to anybody in her belief in tho efficacy of prayer ; but slio lmd mado up her mind from tho beginning that hor tea parties were to be xiuro and simx>lo recrea tion, and that any good that should come out of them was to come incidentally. Tho women and girls who came at hor bidding were to feel tliey camo to be entertained, came ns her guests, just as if they hail beon duchcssbs, they might liavo gono to visit other duchesses iu Park-lane or Carlton Gardens. They wero not asked in order that they Bhould be taught, or preached to, or wheedled into the praying of x>raycrs or tlie singing of liymns. Tliey went as equals to visit a friend who relished their society. And did not everybody relish tlie tea, which might bo described as a Yorkshire tea of a humble order ; not the Yorkshire tea which may mean mayonnaise ond foie gras, ohickon and chamx>agne — but tea as understood in tho potteries of Hull, or the humbler rows and streets of Leeds or Bradford. Tlireo moderate sized tables had been put together to make ono capacious board, spread with unowy damask, upon which appeared two large pilum loaves, two tall towers of bread and butter, a dish of marmalade, a di3h of jam, two small dishes of thinly sliced German sausage Sot off with sprigs of parsley— German sausage bought at tho most respectable ham and bcof shop in the borough, nnd us .trustworthy as Ger man sausage can be ; and for crowning glory of tlie feast a plentiful supxily of shrimps) freshly boiled, savoring of the unseen sea. Tho hot buttered toast was frizzling on a brass footmau in front of tho fire, ready to bo banded round piping hot, as required. There woro two toa trays, ono at each ond of the table, and there were two bright cox>per kettles, whioh lmd never beon dofilcd by tlie smoke of thq fire, to hold the tea. bliss Nowton took hor place at tho head of the table, witli Theodore on her right hand, and a pale and fragile looking young woman on lier left, Theso two both assisted tlio hostess in tho administration of tlio tea tray) handing eups and , saucers, sugar basin and cream jug, nud in so doing they lmd frequent oocasion to look at each other. Having gone there xirexmred to be /interested,, lie soon began to interest liimsolf in this young woman, whom 'Miss Newton addressed a3 Marian. Sho was by no means beautiful now, but Theodore fancied that sho lmd once been very' lmndsome, and ho occupied himself in re constructing tlio beauty of the past from tho wreck of the present.' Tlie linos of tho faco were classic in thoir regularity, hut the hollow cheeks and piaUiiV comx>loxion told of core and toil, and the faco was aged untimely by tlmt hard and joyless life. Tho eyes were darkost grey) large and pathetic looking, tlie eyes of a woman who lmd suffered much aud thought muoh. Tho beauty, qf those eyes gavo a mournful charm to tho pale I>iuched face, and tho light auburn lmir was still luxuriant. Theodora noted the delicate hands anil taper fingers, which differed curiously from tho other hands which wero busy around the hosxiitablo board. He could see tlmt this young woman was a favorite with Sarah Newton, and ho told him self tlmt she was of a race apart from tho rest, but 1m was agreeably surxirised in finding that except for tho prevailing G'ookncy accent, and a fow slight lapses iugrammarandxu'onounciation, Miss Newton's guests were quite as refined as those ladies of Dorchester with whom it had keen xirivilege to associate ; indeed, lie, wus not sure that lie did not x>rpfr "the Oocknoy twang aud tlie faulty grammar to the second hand smartness and slang of tho young ladies whose' "Awfully jolly," "Aint it," anil "Don't you know," had so often irritntoil his ear on tennis lawn or nt afternoon toa party. Hero at least there was tho unstudied speech of peoxile who know not the caxiriocs of fashion or the latest catch word descending from Belgravia to Bromxiton arid from Brampton to tlm provinces. There was a great deal of talk, as Mi&B; New ton lmd told liim there would bo ; and aB she .encouraged all her guests to talk about tliqm- selvos, lm gathered a good deal of interesting information about tho Btato of the different trades aud tlm ways aud manners of various employers, most of whom scorned to be of a des- Xiotic and grasping tomxier. The widows talked of their children's ailments or their progress at the board school; the girls talked a littlo, and with all modesty, of their sweethearts. Sarah Newton was interested in every dotail of thoso liumbio lives, nnd seemed to remember every faot bearing uxion the joys or tho sorrows of her guests. It was a wonder to Theodore to soe how the care-worn faces lighted ux> round the cheor ful tablo in tlie bright lamxilight. Yes, it was surely to do much lo live amongst these daughters of toil, and to lighten their burdens by this quick sympathy, this cheerful liosx>itality. Vast Pleasure Halls and Peoxile's Palaces may do much for tho million; hut here was one little sxiinstor with , her small income making an atmosphere of friendliness and comfort for tho fow, and able to get a great deal nearer to tliem than Philautbroxiy ou a gigantic scale can ever got to' the many. , (To be continued). 