By the Authok of John Halifax., Gkntlkman. PART II.—(cON'TtN-UKD.) On, why had tlicy not como together, heart to hears —just they two, so iilono in the world—and over arter belonged to one another. helping, comforting, and strength ening one another, ovon though it bad boon year's before they were married? "If ni'ily ho had" loved ine, and told me so!" Was her hittercry. *'I could have waited £'>r. him all my life long, earned my bread'cver so hardily, and quite alouo, if only I might liavo Jiuil a right to him, and been his com-: fort, as he was mine. But now, now—" ' Yet still she wailed, looking forward daily, to-that'dreadfill post hour ; and when it had gone bv, nerving herself Lo endure until to morrow. At last hope, slowly : dying, was lrilled 'outright. i One day at tca-timo tho boy .blurted, .out, i with happy carelessness, thoir short lived re grets for him being qui to over, the news that, MivBoy had sniled. . I " Not for Colon Ilia; but Shanghai,: a much longer'voyage.. lie can't lie hoard of for a year, at least,- and it will be many years, be-., fore ho conies back again. I wonder if be | will come back rich. Tlicy say ho will quite | a uabob perhaps^ and lake a' place, in-.tho.| highlands, and'invito us all—yon too, Miss Williams. -Imice asked him, and he- said 'Of course.' . Stop, you aro pouring-my tea over into my bancer." This was tho only orror she made, bufcwent on filling the c-ips with a steady; hand, smit, ing find speaking mechanically, as- people can. sometimes. When tea was quite over, she slipped - a way- in to her roomand wasimissing for a loner time. , . So-all was! ovcir. No more waiting for tho vague " something- to happen. ■Nothing' could .happen .now. , JTo was far away ' across tho - seas,1, and!, she- must liisti go hack to hoi" old monotonous lifci as if it 1ml never been any different:—as. if slip' had never seen, his fnee,: nor . hoard his voic", ii^vor known the- blessiug- of., his. companionsln'p,: fnondsliip, ;love,, whatever it was or whatover'he had'meant it to be. No, ho conld not have- loved her; or to have gone- away would have been—she did not "realise whether: right or .wrong—but simply impossible. One"; weary inghorself.'withhelploss conject ures, a thought; sudden and sharp as steel; went throiv-'h her heart. He- was nearly thirty; few lives are llius long without some sort* of dove' in : tihem.. Perhaps lie-' was already bound ,tq somo; other.woman,- and finding.hiin-iolf drifting iufco too.pleasant in-, tiinacv with herself! wished to draw back in tiino. Such tilings had happened,,, somo times 'almost bl'amol'rssl v, though most mis erablv to all partios- 'Rut with him it was not likely to happen., , He- was too clear sighted..^strong, and honest.. He would never''drift''into anything. What lie di<} would bo drine'with a calm-.deliberate-, will, incapable of the - slightest deception, .either towards others or 1 lira sol f • Besides, lio had - • at different times told her tlio whole story | of his life,'an.1- tliero w.- s, no love in it;: only work, hard work, poverty, courago, and en durance, like herown.. "N". lie nonld never have- deceived mo, neitln'-r me nor any one else," she often said to herself, almost jnyfiiHy,.thnugh_tho tears wereirunning-do wit. .''Whatever it was, it wasrnot that. I am glad—- glad. I had far rather, bplievo' lio.nevor ,loved' me, ■ than that lio had boon false- to. another woman for mysalco. And I believe in him still; I :shall always- believe in. hiiii. He is perfoctlv good., perfectly true. : Aud so,, it does not much matter.about me.''. •I am ; afraid i those young ladies who like plenty of lovers, who expect to be adored, and aro ,.vexvd when.: they. are-. not,-- adored, and innsVn'o'iilv' in'digimivt' 'wlidn forsaken, will think verv meanly-of my poor Fortune Williams.. Tlioy may console themselves by'thi King she* was not a young lady at all — onlvrii; .woman..Snchiwomon are not too common/hiit. exist occasionally.; ;And, ; they bear their cioss and dree their weird; but their lot, at, <any. "rate, "only, concerns themselves and has one advantage,, that it in no way injines 'the happiness of other people. Ilumblo as she was, she had her pride. If she wept, itr was out of sigbL If she wisliod-hoi-solf |dead, liiul.a happy ghost, that. b'y,aiiyinioans she might got near him,. know ;whori'he', was; and whaG he = was''doing,-. these dreams camo only when her work was done, hor boys asleep. > Day never betrayed the secrets of the1 night. ■ • - She set'to work every "morning at her daily business with a dogged 'per- istonce, never allowing herself a minuto's idleness wherein, to sit;dowu,»ud .mourn. And:when, despite. her 'will, ' slio could not quite conquer the titl's"of nervous irriiabihtv that came over at,'vtinies'-^-wlibn tlio 'uhildren's in nocent viuces 'u'sedlb piorca li'oi'like needles, and: th >ir.: incessant; qnes',ions :and'perpetual company were.almost more tlian' sho'-could/ boar—siill. even then, all she did/was tor'nn awnv, aiid.hide.hors'flf for.-,a.(little, coming back with a plea-wuit i face and a smooth temper. Why should sho scold thnm, poor lambs ? „ They woio all she.had lo love, or thut_loved'hei\ Omo day, hovyevor—j'lie dav.boforo they all leftist. "'Andrews f6r/iEiigland,Uth6 two elder to go to school; and the younger ones i,o return with her:to"their maternal grand mother to London—Dnvid said' sometliing w111 cjIi"jwoinidod.lier, vexid her, male her almi'is'r thiTnkfnl to bo goinj away. Siio'was standing, by tho'laurel bush, which■ somehow- had,for her a- strange fas cination, and her hixiid"was on tlio latter-box which tlio boys and Mr." Roy, had made." 'J'lio're mk 'a childish* pleasure in touching. it, or anyihiiig ch-.it lie: Imd touehod. "J iiope'grandmirmma wont lake away that box,' said A*i-ehy. "Slie ought, to keop it in m mory o.f-, us and of Mi\ Uov. How clcv/'i'lvjhe' made it! . rWa- iii't he clovor,. now.'Mis^"WillkniB?" •'YpsV'sIio answered, and no moio. "I've irot a better letter-box than yours," sai I little Davie mysteriously. "Shall I show it t()l'ybViV'Mi" "Williams ? And porh-ips," w'tlrfi Itn'owincr look—the nii»chievons lad! and yet he was m'>re living and lovable tliaii all the rest, Mr. K;'y's favourite',' and hers— '•poriiiips you'mi^lit evon lind a. letter iu.it Qjok snys she has seeu you -many a time watching for a letter from your sweetheart. Who is lie?'".. '•I have none. Toll cools she 'should not talk such nonseuso to httlo boys,'' said tins governess gravely. But she fell hot from head to foot, and turning, walktd slowly in doors. • S le did not go near the laurel bush again. ' After that, sho was almost glad-to ■•get' away, among strange people and strange places, whore Robert Hoy's name had never been heard. The familiar places—hallowed as no other spot in this world could ever bb —passed out of sight, and in anothor. week her six months'lmppy life at St. Andrews had vanished,, "lileo a dream when one awaketh." , Unit she awakened? ■ Or was- her daily,: outside life to.bo henceforward tlio- dream, aud this the reality? , , ! (TO UK CONTINUED.) . 