" :THE BONDMAN.* A NEW SAGA. By HALL CAIN'E, .Author of "Tbe Dester' " Sea of Hagr," "Thse ndow o a tCme'," te, tc.. CHAPTER "C T O ? PEs oarTI. There was short shrift for Red Jason. He was tried by the court nearest the spot, and that -wasthe criminal court over which the Bishop in .his civil capacity presided, with nine of his neighbours on the bench beside him. From this court an appeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, and again from the Quarter Court to the High Court of Althing; but appeal in this cae there was none, for there was no de fence. And because Icelandc law did not allow of the imprisonment of a criminal until after he hadbeen sentenced, aninquest was called forth with, lest Jason should 'escape or compass the Scrime he hal attempted. So the Court of In. quniry sat the same night in the wooden shed that served bo:h for Senate and House of Justice. The snow was now falling heavily, and the hour was late, but the court-house was thronged. It was a little place-a plain box, bare, featureless, and chill, with walls, roof and seats of wood, and floor of hard earth. Four short benches were raised, sltp above step, against the farthest side, and on the hihest of these the Bishop sat, with three of hia col leagues on eaeh of the three lows beneath him. The prisoner stood on a brood stool to the right, and the witnesses on a like stool to the left. A wooden bar crossed the room about midway, and in the open space between that and the door the spectators were crowded to gether. The plcoe was lighted by candles, and some were fixed to the walle, others were held by ushers on the end of long stichks, nd a few were hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their middle. The floor ran like a stream, and the atmosphere was full of the vapour of the snow that wans melting on the people's clothes. Nothing could be cruder than the court-house, but the court that sat there obh. served a rule of procedure that was almost an idolatry of form. The prisonerwas called by the name of Jason, son of Stephen Orry, and hbaing answered inn a voice so hollow that it seemed to comeoutof the earth beneath him- he rose tohis place. His attitude was dull and mpassive, and he seemed h?nlry tosee thestless crowd that murmured atsight of him. is tall figure stooped, thcre was a cloud on his strong brow, and a slow fire in his blood-shot eyes, and his red hair, long as a woman's, hung in disordered masses down his worn cheeks to his shoulders. Toe Bishop, a renerable prelate of great age, looked att him so othoght, " That man's heart is dead within The mouthpiece of the court was a middle aged man, who was short, had little piercing eyes, asquare brush of iron-grey hair that stood erect across the top of his corded forehead, and a crisp, clear utterance, like the crackle of a horses hoofs on the frost. Jason was charged with an attempt to take the life of Michael Sunlocks, first President of the second Republic. He did not plead and h?d no defence, and the witnesses against him ke only in answer to the leading questions of Thie fst of the witnesses was Greeba herself, and her evidence, given in English, was inter preted by an interpreter. All herbrave strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her eyes were down, her heal was bent, her fCce was hall-hidden by the hood of a cloak she wore, and her tones were barely audible. She had little to say. The prisoner had forced his way into Government-house, and there, to her own face, had threatened to take the life of her husband In plain words he hoad done so, and then made showof going in pursuit ofher hus band that he might erry out his design "Wait," said the Bishop, "your husband was not present ." "No," said Greeba. "There was, therefore, no direct violence ." "None." "And the whole sum of the prisoner's offence, so far as you know of it, lies mn the use of the words that you have repeated ?" T Yo." Then, turning to the spokesman of the court, the old Bishop said "There has been no overtact. This is not an attempt, but a threat to take life." " Your pardon, my lord." said the little man, in his enrp tones. "I will show that the prisoner is guilty of the essential part of murder itself. Murder, my lord," he added, "is not merely to compass the destruction of a life, for there is homiade by misadventure, there is justi8able homicide, and there are the rights, long recognised by Icelandic law, of the aven. geoe of blood. Murder is to kill in secrecy and after long.-haorboueed malice, and now, my lord, I shall show that the prisoner has lain n wait eoslay the President of the Republic." At that Greebo stood down, and other -itnesses followed her. Nearly everyone had been summoned with whom Jason had ex. changed words since he landed eight days' before. There was the lean student who had told him of the drill at the Latin school, the little tailor who had explained the work at the gol, the stuttering doorkeeper at the senate house, andoneof the masons at the fort. Much was made of the faintmg m the Cathedral yard •on the Sunday moruing, and out of the deaf landlady, the Cathedra caretaker, eome start ling disclosures seemed to be drawn. ' Still," saidthe old Bishop, " I see no overt "Good gracious, my lord," said the little epokesman, "are we to wait until the knife it elf has been reddened I" "God forbid," said the old Bishop. Then came two witnesses to prove motive. The first of them was the tipsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into, the -drinkinghop. He could say of his own know ledge that Jnasn was jealous of the new governor. The two were brothers in a sort of way. So people said, and so Jason had told him. They had the same father, but different mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter of the old governor, who turned his back on her .ather marriage. At her death he relented, and tried to find Jason, but could not, and then took up with Michael Sunlocks. People said that was the beginning of the new governor's for tne. At all events Jason thought he had been supplanted, was very wroth, and swore he would be reveged., The second of the two witnesses pointed to a very different motive. He was one of the three Danes who had twice spoken to Jason-the elderly man of the meek and quiet manner. Though himself loyal to the Icelandic Republic he had been much thrown among its enemies. Jason was one of them; he came here as a spy direct from Copentagen, and his constant asso dates were Thomsen, an old, white-headed man living in the High street, and I'olvscn, a young and sallow man, who kept one of the stores facing the se. With these twco Jason hod beenheard by him to pioo tle o'''u.iation of the President. At this evidence thero ros a deep murmur omongthe people, and it woaeseen that Greobh adrisen agaln to her feeo Her heart burned and stormed withi.n her. She tried to opeak but rould not. At that moment Jason turned his bloodshot eyes in het direction, and then her / limbs gave way under her, and abeosak back with amoan. The court misread heremotion, and she wam removed. Jason's red eyes fol lowedherm corsltaintly. "This is a case for the Warning, not for punishment," said the EBishop. " It is plainly writtea in our old Law Book that if man threaten to sla another manhe shall be warned of the ravity of the crime he contemplates and of the aalt attaching to it." " Gracious heavens, my lord," cried the little spokesman, " what reason bare we to assume tat this prisoner is ignorant of either ? With a life to guard that is prized by friends and precious to the State shll we let this man go "w ho had sworn before witnesses to destroy " God forfend," mid the Bishop. It was lawful to question the prisoner, and so he was questioned. "Is it true tht you have been lying in wait .to kill the President ?" asked the spolkesman. But Jason made no answer. "Is it true that you have done so from a de Ssire for personal vengeance r" No answer. "Orfrompolitical motives C" ao nower. " Or bothi'1 Still no answer. Then the spokesman turned back to the -court. "The stubborn persistence of the pri soner is easy to understand," he said, and "Wait." mid the old Bishop, and hoeturned towards Jason. "Have you any valid plea '" ButJason gave no nLg. "Listen," s~d the Bishop. "Though'the man who compasses the destruction of a single life is as though he had destroyed a world, for the posterity of him who is dead might have filled a world, yet have all laws of men since the Pentateuch recogniod certam conditions thatlimit the gravity of the crime. Iftheman who is slains himself lasin the near kindred of his slayer, though the law of Iceland would no longer hold him guiltless, as. in the ancient mes when evil for evil was the rule and sen. Sl*rAshtuU1r4. tnen, nither would it punish him as a mur derer, who must eat the bread and drink the water of misery all his days. Now what is t rue of murder must be true of intent to murder, and though I am loth to believe it possible in this instance, honouring nnd loving as we all do that good man whom you are charged with lying m wait to kill, yet in my duty must I ask- yon the question-- has Michael Sunlocks spilled blood of your blood, and is itas a redeemer of blood that you go about to slay him " There w.s a dead hush in the little crowded court-house as Jason lifted his hervy, bloodshot eyes to the Bishop' farn I d answered, in a weary voice, ' I have nothing to say." Then an aged Lutheran nriest, who had sat within the rail, with a suen-sxn in hiahauntand a red print hauderchidf across his knee, hobbled up to the witness stool and tendered eviden:e. e couldthrow light on the prisoners hatred of the 'resident. if it was true that the President was a son of Stephen Orry. He knew the pri saner, aud had namred him in his baptism. He had known the prisoner's mother also, and had sat with her at her death. It w-s quite true that she was a daughter of the late Govearnor, and had benbadly treated by her father. But she had been yet more badly treated be her I husband, who married again while she was I still alive. and had another son by the other I wife. On her deathbed she had heard of this, and told the prisoner, who then and there, this I witness being present, made an awful vow of vengeance upon his father and his father's The old priest was heard in silence, and his words sent a quiver through the court-house. Even Jason, who had shown no interest asve when Greeha was removed, lifted up his blood. shot eyes agail and listened. And the Bishop, visibly moved, turned to the court and saed, "Let us put this prisoner back to be tried by the High Court and the Lag. mann." " What, my lord!" cried the little spokes. wnt, with a lofty look, "and set him at liberty in the meantime, to carry out the crime he threatens " " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. IRemember, until he has been condemned 1 we have no power to hold him," said the i spokesman. t The Bishop turned to an usher and said, " Bring me the dlatute Book," and the great tome was brought. The Bishopopened it and again turned to the prisoner. "lThe Almighty," said he, " created one man at the beginnoin. to teachus that all men are brethren, and the Tlaw of our old country provides that when two have t had disputes and pursued each other on ac- a count of hatred, even as brethren they shall make peace before their neighbours. Now t listen to the words I shall read to you, and be t ready to say if you will swearto them." Then a great slence fell upon the people, d while in solemn tones the old Bishop read the Peace Oath. " Ye two shall be set at one and live friendly a together, at meat and at drink, in the Althing and at meetin?s, at kirk prayers and in king's palace; and m whkatever place else men meet together, there shall ye be soset at one, as if his quarrel had never come between you. Ye t shall share knife and meat together, and all things besides, as friends and not as enemies." The Bishop paused and looked over his spec tacles at Jason, who stood as before, with the cloud on his brow and the slow fire in his deep " eyes, but with no sign of feeling or interest. " Will you promise to swear to this, when t he shall have returned who should swear to it with you i" said the Bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and there came across his face at that moment the look of a bated dog. " No,"he growled. t The spokesman shifted in his seat and the people grew restless. "Listen angin," said the Bishop, and his long white beard shook and his solemn voice rose to a shrill cry as he twisted back to the book and read:-t " But if one of you bso mad that he breaks c this truce thus made, and slays after pledges have been made and his blade has reddened, he shall be an outlaw, accursed and driven away, so far as men drive wolves farthest away. Mie hall be banished of God and all good Christian s men, as far as Christian men seek churches, us mothers bring forth sons, son calls mother, flames blaze up, mankind kindle fire, earth is green, sun shines, and snow covers the ground; he shall flee from kirk and Christian men, God's house and ankind, and from every home save hell." Then there was a pause and a great hush, and the Bishop lifted his eyes from the book, and samid " Will you swear to it ?" a Again all eyes turned towards Jason, and again his face, which had been impassive, took the ook of a bated dog. " No, no, no :" he ried in a loud voice, and then the great silence sias broken by deep murmurs "It is useless," said the spokesman. " Ward ngs and peace oaths, though still valid, are the machinery of another age. This prisoner t is not ignorant of the gravity of the crime be contemplates, nor yet of the penalty attaching to it." There was an audible murmur of assent from the people. " That's true," said one. " It's the truest word spoken to-night," said another. ' The old man isall for mercy,"said a third. "It isnt safe," said a fourth. And there was other whispering. and much nodding of heads and shuf. ing of feet. Encouraged by these comments the little spokesmen added "In any other count-y at this age of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly clapped into prison." " Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the Bishop drew himself up and said, "In any other country a criminal who showed no fear of t the death that hung over him would be straightway consigned to a madhouse." t " We have no madhouse in this island, my lord," said the little spokesman, save the Sulphur Mines, and there he must go." "Wait," said the Bishop," and once again he turned to the prisoner. " If this court should t agree to ship you out of Iceland will you pro tese never more to return to it '" For the third time all eyes were turned on t Jason, but he did not eeeam t hear the Bishop's t question. "Will you promise: " said the Bishop again. -' No," said Jason. "Dangerous trifling," said the spokesman. " When you seize a mad dog you strangle it." "Ay, ay," cried many voices at once, and great excitement prevailed. The old Bishop drew back with a sigh of re lief He loved Michael Suelocks and had been eager to save him. He pitied Greeba, and for her sake also had been anxious to protect her husband. But from the moment he saw Jason and thought, "Thatman's heart is dead within him," his love had struggled with his sense of I duty. As the trial went on he had remem bered Jason and recalled his bitter history, and seizedl with a strong sympathy he had strained erery nerve to beep bank his pu nih ment. He b done allhe could do, hochad nothing to rie proach himself with, and full of a deep and Secret joy at the certaintr of the safety of Sun locks, he now fell back tlat the law might take its course. The Court was counted out, and then the Bishop turned for the last time to Jason, and deliverred judgment. "The sentence of this Court," he said, " is that you be removed from here to the Sulphur Mines, and be kept there six months certain, and as long thereafter as you refuse to take the Oath of Peace pledging yourself for ever, as long as you live or the world endures, to be at one with your enemy as brothers before all men living." Now Greeo alone knew the truth about Jason. When she had fled from Mann without wolord or warning it had not been out of fear of him, but of her brothers. Her meeting wmth 3Michael Sunlocks, her short stai with the good old Bishop Petersen. her marrige and the festival that followed, had passed her by like a dream. Then came the firsat short parting with Saunlocks when he had seaid, "I must lnveyou fur a fortnight. for the men I sena in searco ol your father have blundered and returned with out him."'' She had cried a little at that, and behadhised her, and made abbrveushowof hisouenge, though she could see the teiu in his own big shinng eyes. But it wae all a drehi, a swst and happy dream, and only by the coming of Jason haA the dream been broken. Then followed her terror, her plea, her fear for her husband's life, her defiance of Jason, and the charge she made aganinst him. And the first burst o* her passion over, she had thought to herself, " My husband is safe, but Jason will now tell alland I shal be a lost and ruined woman," for nothing .had she yet said to Michael Sunlocks concerning the mn who badl wooed and won and released her dulr'n the ong :ears of hi silence and her teuble. " He mill hear the story now," she thought, " andnot from my own hps but from Jason's. Being then so far immersed she could not but g, on, and so she had allowed herself to be led iothe court-house. No one there had thought i to ask her If she had known anything of Jason .before that day, and she on her part behad solid nousisieoLkcs..a.4 ,c. atit s J.sat looked at her with eyes of reproach that seemed to go through her soul, he seemed to be saying. "This is but half the truth. Dare you not tell the rest 1" Then listenmt to the lying of other wit. nesses, and looking up at Jason's face, so full of pain, and seeing how silent he was under cruel perjury, she remembered that this man's worst crime fmd been his love of her, and so she stag. gered to her feet to confess everything. When she came to herself after that, she was back in her own home--her noew home, the home of her happy dream, her husban:md's home and hers, and there her first fear returned to her. "He will tell all," she thought, "and eoil tonrues will make it worse, and shame will fall upoi my husband, and I shall be lost, lost, lost.. She waited with feverish impatience for the coming of the Bishop to tell her the result of the trial, and at length he came. " What have they done with him ?" she cried: and he told her. "What defence did he make?"' she asked. "None," said the Bishop. " What did he say ?" she asked again. " Not a word but ' No,'" said the Bishop. Then she drew a long breath of immense re lief, and at the next instant she reproached her self. How little of soul she had been! And how great of heart had been Jason! He could have wrecked her life with a word, but he had held his peace. She had sent him to prison, and rather than smite he had sufferedl self to be smitten. She felt herself small and mea. And the Bishop, having, as he thought, hanished Greeha's terror, hobbled to the door, for now the hour was very late, and the snow was still falling. "The poor soul will do your good husbandno mischief now. Poor lad! poor lad! After all, he is more fit for a madhouse than for a prison. Good night, my child, good night." And so the good old man went his way. It was intended that Jason should start for i the sulphur mines the following day, and he was lodged overnight in alittle house of deten. tion that stood on the south of the Itighstreet. But the snow continued to fall the whole night 1 through, and in the moning the roads were impassable. Then it was decided to postpone te long journey until the storm should have passed, the frost set in, and the desolate white wastes to be crossed become hara and firm. It was now Wednesday of the second week in 1 October-the Gore month--and the Icelanders were already settling down to the long rest of the Icelandic winter. The merchants began to sleep the livelong day in their deserted stores in the cheapstead, and the bonders, I who had come up with the last of their stock, to drink and doze in the taverns. All that day ( the snow fell in fine dust like flour, s until, white as it wans, the air grew dark with it. At the late dawn of the 1 next day the snow was still falling, and I a violent gale had then risen. Another and another, and yet another day went by, and still the snow fell and the gale continued. For two days there was no daylight, and only at noon through the giddy air a fiery glow hurned for an hour along the southern sky and then went out. Nothing could be seen of fell 1 r fiord, and nothing could be heard save the 1 baying of the hounds at night, and theroaring of the sea at all times, for the wind made no noise in the soft snow, but drove it along in sheets like silent ghosts. Never before had Greeba seen' anything so terrible; and still more fearful than the great snow itself was the anxiety that it brought her. I Where was Michael Sunlocks ? Where was her I father? There was onl one other whosecon dition troubled her, and she knew too well where he was-he was lying in the dark cell of the dark house in the High street. While the storm lasted all Reykjavik lay asleep, and Greeba could do nothing. But one morning, when she awoke and turned to the window, as was her wont, to learn if the weary snow was still falling, she could see nothing at rot for the coating of ice andhoar-frost that covered the glass. But the snow had ceased, the wind had fallen, the air was clear I and the light was coming. The buildings 1 of the town, from the cathedral to the 1 hovels of the fishing quarter, looked like snow mounds in the desert; the black waste of lara was gone; the black beach was gone; the I black jikulls were gone; the black headland t was gone that had stretched like a giant hand of many fingers into the black ford; but height above height, and length beyond length, 1 s far as from sea to sky and from sea to I sea, the world lay lifeless and slent and white around her. Then the town being once more awake, Greebahad news of Jason. It came through a little English maid, whom Sunlocks had found for her, from Oscar, the young man who had gone out in search of her father and returned without him. Jasonwas ill. Five days he had eaten nothin and nothing had he drunk except water. Ife was in a fever-a brain fever-and it was now known for certain that he was the man who had fainted outside the cathedral on the marriage morning,. that he had been ill ever since then, and that the druggist of the High street had bled him. With these tidings Greeba hurried away to the bishop. "The poor man has brain fever," she said. " Ie was ill when he made the threat, and when he recovers he will regret it. I am sure he will-I now he will. Set him at liberty, for mer's sake," she cried; and she trembled as she spoke, lest in the fer. your of her plea the bishop should read her secret. But he only shook his head and looked tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab: A"' Ah, it is like a good woman to plead for one who has injured her. But no, my child, no; it may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do any thing for him save the President himself ; and he is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him." " Heis likely," thoughtGreeba, andstraight way she conceivedof a plan. She would go to Jason in hi priso. Yes, shoe herself would go to him, and prevail with him to put away all thoughts of vengeance and be at peace with her husband. Then she would wait for the re. turn of Michael Sunlocks, and plead with that dear heart that could deny her nothing, to grant her Jason's pardon. Thus it would come about that she who had stood be ween there two to separate them, would at enth stand between them to bring them to So thinking, and crying a little, like a true roman, at the prospect of so much joy, she waited for Jason's recovery that she might carry her purpose into effect. Meantime, she contrived to send him jellies and soups, such as might tempt the appetite of a sick man. She thought she sent them secretly, but with less than a woman's wit she em ployed a woman on her errind. This erson was the little English maid, and she fded over the duty to Oscar,who was her sweetheart. Ouar talked oPEnly of what he wasdoins, and thus all Reykjavik knew that the tenifer-heartol young wale of the Governor held communicationof som s sort withthhe man shom she had sent to jail Then one day on hearing that Jason was better, though neither was he so well as to travel nor was the snow hard enough to walk upon, GreOm stole across to the prison in the dark of the afternoon, saying nothing to anyone of her misionor intention. The stuttering doorkeeper of the Senate was the jailor, and he betrayed great concern when Greebh asked to see his prisoner, showing by his ghastly looks, for his words would not come, thntit would be rash on her lprt, after helping so muchtowards Jason's imprisonment, to trust herself in his presence. " But wa have I to fear ?' she thought; and with a hbrve smile, she pushed her way through. She found Jason in a square box built of heavy pies, laid horizontally both for walls and roof, dark and diamp and muggy, lighted by day by a hole in the woed not torger thana man's hand, and in the night by a sputtering candle hung from the rafters. He sat on a stool; his face was worn, his head was close cropped to relieve the hat of his brain, andon the tble by his side lay all his red heir, as long as his mother's was when itfell to the shears of the Jew onthe wharf. HIegore no signeehen GrOmah entred, though he knew she was there, but sat with his fare down and one hand on the table. "Jason," she said, " I am eahamed. It is I who have brought you to this. Forgive me forgive me: But my husband's life was in danger, and what was I to do I" Suit he gave so 'Ira. "Jan,' she sai again, " cou nave heaped coalsof fire on my hed ; for I have done nothing but injure yon, and though yo might have done as much for meyou never have." At that the fingers of his hand on the table ButJan" she aid," all isst not losty. No, for I can save you still. Listen. You shall give me your romiso to mke peace with my hnsbond; and when myhasbeld returns he will grant me your pardon. Oh, yes, i knoa he will, for he is taener-hehrted, and he will forgive yon; yes, he will forgive "My curso on him and his forgiveness,"ecried Jason, rising suddenly and Ernnagio his fist ,le.a Oa ?i ?E'?. WI. to 11 t2.ot a. i."" forgive me Y It has not been for his sake that I have been silent, with the devil at my side urging me to speak. And for all that you have me to suffer he shall yet pay double. Let it go on; let him send me away; let him bury me athis mines. But I shall live to find hint yet. Something tells me that I shall not die until I have met with that man face toface." And Greeba went back home with these mad words ringing in her ears. " It is useless to try," she thought. "I have done all I can. My husband is efore everything. I shall say nothing to him now." None tboless she cried very bitterly, and was still crying when at bedtime her little English maid came up to her and chattered of the news of the day, It seemed that some Danish storekeepeis on the cheapstead had lately been arrested as spies, brought to trial and con demned. When Greeba awoke next morning, after a restless night, while the town still lay asleep, and only the croak of the ravens from the rocks above the fiord broke the silence of the late dawn, she heard the hollow tread of many footsteps on the frozen snow of the Thingvelir road, and peering out through the window, which was coated with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy procession. Three men, sparsely clad in thin tunics, now stockings, and skin cap, walked heavily in file, chained together, hand to hand andleg to leg, with four armed warders, closely muffled to the ears, ridin" leisurely beside them. They were prisoners toond for the sel phur mines under Heckln. The firsint of them was Jason, and he swung along with his long stride and his shorn head thrown back and his palid face held up. The other two were old Thompsen and young Polvesen, the Danish torekeerpere. It was more than Geeba could bear to look upon that sight, forit brought back the memory of that other night on that other morning, when Jason came lasping down to her from the mountams, over gorse andcushag and bedgeand ditch. So shoturned her head away and covered her eyes with her hands. And then one--two -three-four-the heavy footsteps went over the snow. The next thing she knew was that her English maid was in her bedroom, saying, t • Some strangers in the kitchen are nasking for 1 you. They are Englishmen, and have just I come ashore, and they call themselves your brothers." CHuAPTER XXL THE FAIInn OTIEcir . Now whenthe Fairbmrotheracnludedthatthey could never giverest to their tender consciences until they had done right by their poor sister Greeha they set themselves atrightway to con eider the ways and means. Ballacrotne they must sell in order that its proceeds might be taken to Greeba as her share and interest; but Ballacmrine belonged to Jacob, and another 1 provision would forthwith need tobe made for him. So after much arguing and some nag- J Bing across the hearthof the kitehen at Lgue t was decided that each of Jacob's five brothers t should mortgage his farm to one-sixth its value, and that the gross sum of their five.sixths should i be Jacob's for his share. This arrangement t wouldhave the disadvantage of leaving Jacob t without land, but he showed a magesnimous spiritin that relation. " Don't trouble about me," said he, " it's sweet and nice to do a kind- i ness to your own brothers." And four of his brethern applauded that sentiment, but Thurstan curled up his red f nose and thought: "Aw, yes. of corse., aI powerful big boiler of brotherly love the little miser keeps going under his weskit." And having so decided they further con- I cluded to see the crops off the ground, and then C lose no time in carrying out their design. " Let's wait for the melya." said Asher, mean- J nog the harvest-home," and then off for Murky the Lord." The person who went by this I name was one nark Skillicorn, an ad vocate of Ramsey, who combined the t functions of pettifogger with those of y moneylender and auctioneer. Murky the Lord was old and plausible and face tious. He was a distant relative of the Fair brothers by the side of their mother's French family; and it was a strange chain of circum stances that no big farmer ever got into trouble but he became a client of Marky the Lord's, that no client of Matrkr the Lord's did not in the end go altogether to the bad, and thatpoor g acrky the Lord never had a client who did not die in his debt Nevertheless Marky the Lord grew richer as his losses grew heavier, and more 3 facetious as his years increased. Oh, he was a funny dog, was Marky the Lord; but there was just one dog on the island a shade or two funnier still, and that was Jacob Fair brother. This thriftysoulhad for many a year kept a nest of private savings, and even in the days when he and his brethren went down to make a poor mouth before their father at Cas tletown a had money secretly lent out on the I conscientious interest of only 3 per cent. above the legelrate. And thus it chanced that when Ballaeraine 1 was advertised in big letters on every barn door in the north of Mann, Jacob Fairbrother went down to Marky the Lord, and made a private bagnin to buy it in again. So when the day of t the sale came, and Marky the Lord strode over i the fields with some thirty men-farmers, miners, advocates, and parsons-at his heels, f and then drew up on the roadside by the Hibernian. and there mounted the till-board of a -art for the final reckoning, little Jacob was too much moved to be present, though his brothers were there, all glooming around on I the outside of the group, withtheir handsm their r breeches pockets. Ballacraine was knocked down cheap to some body that nobody knew, and then came the s work of the mortgages ; so once again Jacob went off to Marky theLord, and bargainedto be made mortgagor, though no one was to be a witthewiler. And loper cent. he was to get from each of his live brothers for the use of the money which next day came back to his own hands. Thus far all was straight dealing, but with t the approach of the time to go to Icelandthoe complications grew thick. Jacob had so hus- t handed his money that while seeming to spendt he stillpossessed it, and now he was troubledr to know where to lodge that portion of 1 it which he should not want in Ice land and might find it unsafe to take there. And while he was in the throes of his uncertainty his brothers-all save John It -were in the travail of their own big con ception. NowAsher, Stcan,Ross,and Thurstan,having t each made up his mind that be would go to Iceland also, had to consider how to get there, I for their latebargaining had left them all pen niless. The proceeds of the sale of Bilacraine were lodged with Jacob for Greeba, and Jacob 1 also held as his own what had come to each 1 man from his mortgage. So thinking that Jaeb must have more than he could I want, they approached him one by one, confidentially and slyly. And wondrous i were the lie they told himn, for they dare not roefslss that their sole need of money was to geto Iceland after him, and watch him that he did not cheat them when Greeba sent them all their fortunes in return for their brotherly love of her. Thus Asher took Jacob aside and whispered, " I'm morthal hard pressed for nmatter of tire and thirty pound,bor--just five and thirty, for draining and fencing. I make bald to think you'll lendthe like of it, and 6 per cent I'll be cnh, n't do it, As.her," said Jacob, " for old Maurkr the Lord has stripped me." Then came Stean, plucling a bit of ling and looking careless, and he said. "r Ie got a fine thingon now. I can buy a yoke of plough. ing oxen for thirty pound. Only thirty anda dead bargain. Can y'u lend me the brass P But whisht's the word, for Ross is sneaking after them." " Very sorry, Stean." said Jacob, " but Rose has beesl ere b;afre you, and I've just lent him the money." Boss himself came next and said, "I borrowed fiveo-and-twent pound from Stean a bit back, and he's not above threatening to sell me up forn dirtylittle debt like that. Maybe ye'd tidemeover the trouble and say nothing to Steam" " Make your mind easy, loss," said Jacob. "Stean to!dnme himself, and I've paidhim all eou owe him." So these two went their ways and thereafter eyed each other threateningly, but neither dare eaplode, for both hald their secret fear. And last of all came Thurstan. made well drunk for the better support of his courage, and he maudled and red " What d'ye think Poor Ballabeg is dead-him that used to play the fiddle at church--ad the old parson wants me to take Baltabeg's place up in the gallery loft. Says I'd be wonderful goolat the violbass. I wouldn't mind doing it neither, only it costs sucha power of money, a viol-basu does-twenty pounds maybe." " Well, what of that ." saidJacob, interrupt ing him, " the parson says he'll lend you the money, Ie told me sohiuself." Wit such shrewd antwers did Jacob escape from the danger of lending to his brothers, whom he could not trust. But he lost no time ingoingdownto Murkythe Lord andoffering his money to be lent out on interest with good security. Knowing nothing of this, .aher, Stean, Rols, and Thurstan each in his turn stole down to Markytho Lorltoborrow thesum he needed. And Marky the Lord kept his own worthy conunsel,and hobwed nt unwise eager aces. Firtbhe said to Jaob, "I can lend outl ": n:? "V' :cc C "?cc:d." " Who to f" said Jacob. " That I've given my word not to tell What interest do you want F" "Not less than twelve per cent," said the temperate Jacob. "ell get it," s:sid'Mlar,'y the Lord; and Jacob went away with a s!y smale. Then said Murky the Lor1 to each of the borrowers in turn. ' I can find you the money." " Whose is it " asked Asher, who came the first. "That I've sworn not to tell," said Muarky the Lord. " What interest ?" " Only four p cent to my friend." " Well, andthat's reasonable, and he's a right honest, well-meaning man, whoever he is," said dAsher. "That he is, friend," said Marky the Lord, " but as he had not gotthe money himself he had to borrow it of an acquaintance, and pay ten per cent. for the convenience." " ohe wants fourteenper cent:" criedasher. "Shoo! Lord save us! Oh, the grasping miser. It's outrageous. I'll not ay it-the Nightman fly away with me if I do. "TYou need be under no uneasiness about that," said Maurky the Lord, " for I've three other borrowers ready to take the money the moment you say you won't. "Hand it out," said Asher, and away he went, fuming. Then Stean, Ross, aqd Thuratan followed, one by one, and each bthaved as Asher had dane before him. When the tnstion wan s complete, and the time had come to set sail for Iceland, many and wonderful were the shifts of the four who had formed the secret design to conceal their busy preparations. But when all was complete, and berths taken, all six in the same vessel, Jacob and Gentlemen John rode round the farms of Lague to bid a touching farewell to their brethren. " Good-bye, Thurstan," said Jacob, sitting on the cross-board of the cart. " We've had arguments in our time, and fallen on some roughharm in thecourse of them, but we'll meet for peace and quietness in heaven some day." 'We'll meet before that," thought Thurstan. And when Jacob and John were gone on towards Ramsey, Tharstan mounted the till board of his own eart, and followed. Mean. time Asher, Stean, and Ross were on their journey, and because they (did not cross on the road they came face to face for the first time, all six together, each luoging his kit of clothes behind him, on the deck of the ship that was to take them to Iceland. Then Jacob's pale face grew livid. "What does this mean '" he cried. "It means that we can't trust you," said Thurstan. "None of you i' said Jacob. "None of us, seemingly," said Thuratan, glancing round into the confused faces about him. "What! Not your own brother." said Jacob. " ' ear is my shirt, but nearer is my skin,' as thesaving is," said Thurstan. with a sneer. "' 'oor once, poor for ever,' as the saying is," mocked Jacob. " Last week you hadn't twenty pound to buy your viol-bass to play in the gallery loft." Steen laughed at that, and Jacobturned hotly upon him. "And yon hadn't thirty pound to buy your yoke of oxen that Ross was sneaking after." Then Ross made a loud guffaw, and Jacob faced about to him. " And maybe you've paid hack your dirty five-?md- twenty pound thant Steen threatened to sell you up for :" Then Stean glowered hard at Ross. and Ross looked black at Steau, and Asher almost burst his sides with laughter. " And you, too, my dear eldest brother," said Jacob, bitterly, 'you have the advantage of me in years but not in wisdom. You thought. like the rest of them, to get the money out of me, to help you to follow me and watch me. So that was it, was it But I was too much for you, my dear brother, and you had to go else where for your draining and ditching." "So I had, bad cess to you," said Asher; "and 14 per cent. I had to pay for the shabby loan I got." At that Stean and Ross and Thurston pricked up their ears. " And did ae oa -y 14 per cent '" said Stean. " I did, had eda o 2arkv the Lord, and the grasping old miser behind him, whoever he is." And now it was Jacobs' turn to look amazed. "Wait," he said; " I don't like thelook of you." "Then shut year eves." said Thurstan. " Did Marky the Lord lend you the money F" asked Jacob of Asher. "Ay, he did," said Asher. " And you, too?" sesidJacob, turningstiflly to Stean. "Ay," said Stean. "And you'" said Jacob, facing towards Ross. "I dar say no." said Rose. "And you, as well ?" said Jacob, confronting Thurstan. " Why not ?" said Thurstan. "The blockhead'!" cried Jacob. "The seoundrel! It was my money--mine-mine, I tell you, and he might as well have pitched it into the sea." Then the four men began to double their fist. " Wait!" said Asher. "Are you the Crasp aig young smiser that asked 14 per cent. F" " le is, clear enough," said steau. " Well," said Thrs3tan. " I really think look you, boys, I really do think. but I speak under correction-I rially think, all things con sidered, this Jacob is a d:maed ra-cal." " I may have the advantage of him in years," said Asher, doubling up his sleeves, " out if I can't--" "Go to the devil." said Jacob, and he went below, boiling hot with rage. It was idle to keep up the quarrel, for very soon all six were out on the high seas, bound to each others' company at bed and board, and doomed to pass the better part of a fortnight together. So before they cama to Iceland they were good friends after their fashion. though that was perhaps the fashion of cat and mouse, and being landed at Iteykjavik they w-ere once more in their old relatias, with Jacob as pursebearer and spokesman. "And now listen," said that thrifty person. "What's it saving? 'A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.' We've got our bird in the hand, haven't we " "So we have," said Asher; "six hundred goolden pounds that Ballacraine fetched at the sale." "Just so," said Jacob " and before we part with it let us make sure about the two in the bush." With that intention they started inquiries, as best they could, touchmig the position of Michael Sunlocks, his salary and influence. And in spite of the di?iculties of laneuage they heard and saw enough to satioLf taem. Old Iceland was awakening from a bad dream of three had centuries and setting to work with a will to become a powrer among, the States; the young President, Michael Sunloctks, was the resterer and protector of her liberties: fame and honour were before him. anat before all who laid shand to his plough. This was what they heard in an argons n n ee and now. for the girl." They had landel late in the d:ayof e r, eba's visit to fed Jason at the little hou?e of <:,,'.I tion, and had heard of her m:uei;ge, of i:t festivities, and of the attvmpt on the life of the President. But though t-her heew that Jecn was no longer in Mann thery were too much immersed ie their eoWls t schemes to plt two and two together, until next morei:in ther came upontleesadprocessioon bound for the Sulphlur Mnes, andsaw that Jason was one of the pri soners. They were then o:s their wary to Govrrmnent:house. and Jueob said wth a switd, "Boys. that's worth remembering. When did it do any harm to have two striengs to your bow ." 'the ohr lauphed at that. and Johln nudoel Thurstan and sid, " Isn't he a oy '" And Thurshtan grunted 0nd tnsldged on. (N le easeseeer.l 