MUSICAL NOTES. Mr, Hamish MacCunn has undertaken to compose for the concerts annually given at Edinburgh a new Scotch cantata entitled "The Cameroman's Dream." The cantata is written for baritone soloist, chorus, and orchestra, and is founded upon a poem by James Hyslop The poem tells the story of Cameron's rebellion, of the 5,000 marks which was set upon his head, and of how, after his death near Auchinleck, his head and hands were cut off and fixed upon the Nether port Bow, Edinburgh. In Dr Simpson's Traditions of the Covenanters" it is said -"The famous Sanquhar Declara- tion, in which Cameron took part a few weeks before, and in which Charles II. was denounced as a traitor, was the immediate cause of Cameron's death. The battle of Arras Moss was sought July 22, 1680, between Richard Cameron with about uO ill armed followers and the troopers of Bruce of Harlshall, numbering 120 The conflict; was very fierce, but Cameron's men were overpowered by the overwhelming number of their opponents, and forced to flee. Cameron, with eight of his followers, was killed. They were buried where they fell, and a rude monument was erected over their remains. During the battle a severe thunderstorm broke over the combatants, which is referred to in the poem by James Hyslop." The verses seem to have been inspired by a vision seen by the poet himself when wandering one evening near Muirkirk. The night was dark, but his way was indicated by the red glare of the Muirkirk furnaces. Soon he came to the green sward where, over the grave of the "martyrs," stands the "Through Stone, with its open Bible and the figure of the minister Cameron grasping his sword. It bears this quaint inscription " Halt I curious passenger, come here and road Our souls triumph with Christ, our glorious head In self defence who murdered here do lie, to witness 'gainst a nation a perjury ' A friend to whom the poet described the vision on the same night writes s"He told me he feared neither ghost nor devil. But this apparition was more terrible than either. It stood still, but he could not discern the form thereof. In the appearance of horses and chariot of fire it described a circular course half round the grave, the drivers seemed clothed in light, and the heather appeared bending under its burning wheels. As he gazed upon it for about the space of half a minute, it vanished in a cloud of mist " The poem, with its combination of the patriotic and supernatural elements, ought to be well suited to the genius of Mr. M'Cann. It is gratifying to near of the progress which Herr Johann S Kruse, the Australian violin at, is making in the old world, It will be remembered that this talented musician was sent to Berlin, and was admitted to the High School of Music there in lb7ยก> He attained such skill as a violinist that he was taken in hand by Joachim, and 10 years later he returned to Australia, and made a concert tour under the management of Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. He has since acted as professor at the Berlin institution where he received his instruction, and HUB year he was honoured by two of his pupils making their appearance at one of the evening concerts given in connection with the school Hitherto Joachim's pupils only have taken part in such entertainments. He has recently given concerts on the Continent with much success, and he has been engaged for the next series of London Popular Concerts We understand that he is not averse to making another visit to his native land if satisfactory arrangements can be made The two members of the Melbourne Liedertafel in London, Messrs Edwards and Morton, appear to be making mark off pro grass in their studies and to stand high in the estimation of their instructor, Mr Itandeg ger. The following extract from a letter received by Mr. A H Hasell from Mr. Edwards confirms the news already cabled.-" There is now eight weeks' vacation at the Royal Academy, but I shall work all the time. Mrs Bethell, Morton, and myself, and two It A.M students are learning an opera by Itundeg ger, which we shall perform at the Royal Academy next term, in full costume, of course It is very pretty, and I am already at work on it , I like Edward Lloyd better each time I hear him he is a true artist, and a very refined one, the best operatic tenor is Jean de Reszke, he is magnificent to have heard him in the'Meistersinger'waa sublime. These two men are far and away the beat, nothing approaches them." Sir George Macfarren's "Robin Hood" was recently revived in London. This opera was popular on its first production in 1860, but it is regarded as somewhat old-fashioned now, and is unknown to most patrons at the opera of the present day. Madame Nordica has been engaged by Messrs. Abbey and Grant for their operatic tour in the United States. As she had not sung in her own country since she earned her European reputation tier reappearance will occasion a great deal of interest. The other leading prima donna engaged for the tour are Madame Adelina Patti, Madame Albani, and Madame Valda The enterprise will be the most expensive which has ever been at tempted. " Les Cloches de Corneville" has been revived at the Renaissance Theatre, Paris, with enormous success, the theatre being crowded nightly. 'The bands at the Exhibition play the music of the opera, which has all the attractions of a complete novelty. Miss Lille de Lassen, an American soprano, has been engaged by the Carl Rosa Company to play " Carmen " in the English provinces Arrangements have been made for the production of a cantata entitled France in Paris, to commemorate the centenary of the French Revolution The text is from the pen of M Cohn and the music is by M, l'ulicot. Mr. Frederick Chile, who achieved special distinction by the production of his symphony at the Crystal Palace last April, has been commissioned to write an orchestral work for the London Philharmonic Society. Mr Burnand will in all probability write the English version of the new comic opera by MM Brisson and Blanquette, which will follow " Paul Jones " at the Prince of Wales' Theatre. It was for the purpose of arranging with the French librettist and composer details of this work that Carl Rosa took his last and fatal journey to Paris. Signor Raffaelo Squnrlae, of Adelaide, has been appointed leader of the Dunedin Exhibition orchestra. "Paul Jones" is the most popular comic opera now being performed in London. It has reached its 200th representation The Melbourne Amateur Orchestral Society, which was started some 18 months ago under the conductorship of Mr. David Lee, has recently been reorganised. Mr. J Siede is now the conductor, and Mr. J. Herr the acting conductor. The following gentlemen constitute the committee of management. Mr Robert L J. Ellery (chairman ), Dr. Rudall, Mr G. R. Ryder, Mr. Charles Levy, Mr Frederick Tate (hon. treasurer), Mr. John Iliffe (hon. librarian), and Mr. C H. Smith (hon, secretary) The members of the society meet for practice at the Independent Church Hall every Wednesday evening, and the last rehearsal was attended by 10 instrumentalists. M M. Jean and Edouard de Reszke have left London for their estate at Borouro In Poland, accompanied by M. Lassalle. This famous trio of singers will remain there until they have to resume work at the Grand Opera in October. A novel method of compelling a manager to pay up has been invented by the brother of a lady artist lately singing in Genoa. While his sister was playing the Gipsy In Verdi's. " Ballo " he rushed upon the stage and dragged her off. The curtain fell, of course, upon an excited and wondering house, but presently rose again. Madams had received the cash. 