THE CENTENNIAL MAGAZINE. The August number.of the Centennial Maga* sine opens with a paper on. "The Modern GhoBt," by W. Basil Worsfold. -kThe writer deals with the scientific study of. so-called *' psychical phenomena," and discusses the ex periments conduoted in. this direction by the Psychical Research Society and the- exponents of thought-reading and telepathy. He regards it as quite possible that the investigations , which are; being made into the subjeot, by trained and accurate thinkers in the. present day may lead to "anew mental development such as is fantastically shadowed forth in ? tawrance Oliphant's ' Sympneumata.'" Under the the title of "The Voioes of the Night" Mrs. Alfred Broad has an interesting artiole on Austra lian night-birds,' and Mr. James Inglis, M.P., contributes an account of Indian magic, under the native name of " Jadoo Gari." An. article of considerable interest just at present is that on "Western Australia and her political aspirations," by Sir Thomas Cook burn-Campbell, Bart, M.L.C. la it the writer goes over the negotiations with the Colonial Office regarding the autonomy, of' the western colony, and he speakB very foroibly upon the question of future settlement there. He says-''AB for the emigration Bcheme pro pounded by. various philanthropic persons at home having Western Australia as their proposed theatre, of this our neighbors may rest satisfied that neither under the exist ing constitution, nor under that to which Western Australians aspire, will they permit thiB colony to be turned into a human rubbish, heap, upon which the paupers of England may be shot out. Such an impudent idea, however, can scarcely be seriously entertained or counte nanced byj the Imperial Government. If5 on the other hand, large sums are subscribed for the purpose of settling our lands, with a useful class of settlers, we should doubtless do our best to advance, such undertakings and' to secure their success. Why, however, Western ?Australia should be regarded as the only available field for these colonisine opera tions it is difficult to understand. The term 'Crown colony,' in our case im properly applied, conveys-apparently to the EngliBh mind a most erroneous meaning, an idea that those living in it have no constitu tional rights and may be dealt with at pleasure by. the Imperial authorities. Again, the vast extent of our territory, and the thinness, of its populatiorfcmay be the loadstone drawing atten tion to it;, But. here also a. serious, popular error arises." Sir ThomaB .then goes, on to show that only a narrow strip of country, 100 mileB wide, running from Champion Bay to Albany, istfit,for-agriculture. Outside that the rainfall is toairregular,to allow of agricultural, settlement, though, much of the, country, is. admirably^Buited-for.stock. "The main hope, of the colony," he says,."rests upon the golden and other mineral1 resources disclosing themselves in rich abundance. To these we look to attract capital and. popu lation, and to form the* basis of that prosperity! which we have, so earnestly .striven for, but which has so long eluded our? grasp." Mr.. G. B. Barton, commences.a series* of articles on "The. Status of Literature] io New South Wales," with one discussing- the question "How the; Government; look at: it;'r An interesting address,to. Victorian,ariist9 by, Professor Laurie on "Some ol Browning's Thoughts about Paintings" is- of considerable" interest. Amongst ths other- articles are-'one entitled " Utile Dulci," being " aelectiona from a fresh water log " by Mr. Alexander Oliver, ard another on "Model Suburbs" by: Mr Blackwell. The poetical contributions include "Modern Thought," by.Mr. John.Sandea;''A. Love Song," by Mr. K, McCosh Clark; and "The Son? of the Lotus Eaters,!' by Messrs, W. Lewers and F» 0. Cdwle. The number also contains an anonymous story, ''The Unseen Foe," and the first instalment of " Nevermore," by Mr, E. Boldrewood. 