FARM AND STATION. A PRODUCERS' DEFENCE LEAGU E. I We are glad to find that the Executive Committee of the Farmers' Association is still devoting attention to the question of the land tax, and to the wisdom of establishing a Producers' Defence League. If we may venture to make a suggestion to the Association we would urge them not to be frightened by ghosts of their own creation, but to look the facts boldly in the face. For the present they may dismiss the question of a single tax, because that is a consummation that we shall not reach for some years to come. If the time should ever come, as we hope it will, when we shall raise all the revenue we require withont resorting to Customs duties, inoome tax, and similar expedients, it will not even then be raised by meane of a single tax, but by a process, as we have more than onoe explained, that will involve no confis cation, and will press hardly upon no section of the community. We agree with one of the committee, who Baid at the laat meeting that he felt it to be his duty to bear his fair share of taxation, and that he was not to be seduced into favouring any project because he was told that if it were adopted he would pay no taxation. On this point neither he nor his brother members need trouble their heads. They pay pretty heavy taxes now, and they will have to pay taxes for a good many years to eome. If instead of rivalling Don Quixote and tilting at windmills under the delusion they are fighting giants they will tarn their attention to the formation of |a Produoera' Defence League they will probably receive a good deal of light upon the other questions that are just now troubling them. We assume, of course, that they will regard production as a per manent industry, and that they will think not only of their own position, but of their sons and grandsons who are to come after them. We believe that'farmers as a class are not a selfish body of men, and that they do not found their actions npon that vicious and immoral rnle, "After ns the deluge." It will be agreed that land Is the first essential to production. The time will come when, if our present system of land tenure is continued, everybody who wants a few hundred acres will have to buy at an Increased prioe upon the present values or'hire at a considerably advanced rental upon that for which it can nowbeobtained. Withont waiting for the future we may take facta as they now are. Thousands upon thousands of acres that were onoe tilled have passed out of cultivation and have gone into the hands of large proprietors. If any member of the Executive of the Farmera' Association, growing tired of the North, wants to take np land nearer to Adelaide, and applies to the owner of any of the sections just referred, he will probably not think it a good thing that land should be at a high price, and he will probably not think it a fatal.objection to a scheme that it will have " the effeot of depreciating the value of land." Is not the cry of the producer always for cheap land, and ia it not the constant complaint of the fanner ..that he has to pay too mnchr fortius land? Have not all our Land Bills for years past had for their object the reduction of the terms upon which the Crown lands may be obtained by the producer? If Mr. Blnney'a contention means anything at all, then he must hold that all these concessions to the farmers have been " very objeotionabte," because they have had the effect of depredating the value of the land. Yet we Buppose that neither he nor any of his fellow-committee men are of this opinion. The truth is they fail to remember that as owners of land it is no doubt a personal gain to them that their farms should increase in value; but it is no gain to them as producers, and it will be no gain to their children and to those who are to oome after them. If they are really anxious to form a Producers' League, and not a Small Landholders' and Capitalists' League, they will, we are convinoed, eliminate from their oreed the utterly untenable proposition that high-priced land is a benefit to the consumer. Having settled the question whether cheap land is a help or a hindrance to pro duction, a Producers' League may appropriately turn Its attention to the enquiry whether there are not certain iorms of taxation that are a serious handicap to it. There is no doubt that through the Customs farmers, in common with many others, are heavily and needleBBly taxed. Many duties are imposed by the present tariff which have not even the excuse of being protec tive. They do not foster, and they are not likely to foBter, any industry, and yet they hamper produotion. Many of those that are protective dutieB press heavily upon the farmer. The truth of this will be seen if we re member that production alone is only half the battle. The farmer does not grow his wheat or his wool simply for the sake of producing it, but in order that he may obtain other things in exchange for it. Anything that increases the cost of prodncing or lessens the value Of that which he receives in exchange for his products is a serious loss to him. This is one side of the producer's qaestion which the League will do well to consider. We do not want to weary them with too mnch abstruse reasoning, but rather to indicate two or three directions in which the Producers' League may push their enquiries with advantage. The last point we suggest to them is this, that the land tax is the only impost that is not a tax on thrift and industry. A property tax would tsx the fruit of a man's labonrj the Customs dntiea tax the perishable instruments which need to be frequently renewed, and which ate essential to the successful prosecution of the work of the producer. The land tax does neither, for it imposes no greater burden upon the thrifty Bnd industrious proprietor of land than it does upon his neighbour, who is content to allow his land to remain idle. Bore we end our lesson for the present. If the prodncers are wise they will not be frightened by bogeys, but will turn their attention seriously to the solution of the problems to which we have referred. They want cheap land, cheap means of prodnction, and an open market for their produce so that they may get a fair equivalent for it. What is the bsBt policy for them to advo cate in order to secure these undoubted advantages? 