The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1889. THE appointment of Sir Henry Norman to the Governorship of Queensland and of Lord Kintore to that of South Australia has for the present, at all events, settled what at one time tbreateced to be ma unpleasant cause of friction. The tide of speeches and correspondence and articles in the home press has ebbed, and it is now pos sible to review the position as mirrored in the calm pools which the flood tide of con troversy has left behind. Toe Secretary of State no doubt has vindicated the posi tion that so loDg as a colony is an integral part of the empire the Queen's repre sentative must be appointed by the Qneen on the recommendation of the Minuter who Is responsible to her Majesty and the Imperial Parliament. Bnt the victory, though we are loth to use the word, is after all bat a Pyrrhic one. Lord Knntsford might almost use the historical words, " Another such victory and lam undone." To oontinae the simile, his foes have fallen with their faces to the enemy. The result of the Queensland protest is that the Secretary of State has in effect withdrawn his nominee, for of course 81r Henry Blake's action can be easily interpreted, although there is a consensus of opinion, with which so unlmpassloned a man as Lord Derby concurs in unmeasured terms, that Sir Henry Blake is one of the ablest servants of the Crown. A great deal has, of coarse, been made of the action of the Victorian Assembly, and the burst of loyalty which culminated in the singing of the National Anthem. This has been largely taken hold of, and capital ha* been made oat of it as proof that the popular House of the so -called most important eoleny of Australia has m> sympathy with the views expressed, more or leas strongly, by Queensland, Soath Australia, and New Soath Wales. Bat those on the spot know how much of this sensational scene was due to loyalty pure and simple, atd bow much to the oppor tunity afforded of a backhander to Sir Henry Paxkea. Moreover it was to a certain extent Victoria's counterblast to the Soudan expedition. So far as the fatore of the Australasian colonies is concerned the leason will not be lost on the Colonial Office. It cannot be desirable for the Secretary of State, or for the person most directly concerned, that he should be what Lord Carnarvon would designate a pertuna ingrain to the colony to which he is appointed. We do not thick that any cf the Australian Premiers would be predisposed to raise captious objections. If a proposed Go vernor has not positive qualifications, a man who, at all events, has what may be called negative qualifications, would not be objected to. The future Governor of Queensland has a brilliant military record, but he has not had so much experience of representative institutions as the rejected nominee, Sir Henry Blake. In Lord Kintore South Australia will have a Go vernor who has negative if not positive qualifications, while what is known of one member of his family, now deceased, is calculated to raise favorable anticipa tions. In reviewing the past it is as well to acknowledge that while those respon sible for the conduct of public affairs had unquestionably got hold of a right idea, they were not altogether happy in the process by which they sought to get those Ideas into the minds of the powers that be in Downing street. Undoubtedly the Agents-General of the colonies stand in a very different relation to the Secretary of State to that in which their predecessors stood. If not exactly ambassadors, they are a great deal more than mere financial or business •gents for the colonies they represent. Their representations always receive consideration, and the Colonial Office Is more than ready to seek their advice and reap the benefit of their special knowledge. In matters of local concern and local business Ministers very properly communicate _ direct with the Agent- General, as one of their executive officers. Bnt in matters which are of Imperial concern, in all questions which the Sec retary of State has to deal with, un doubtedly the proper «iimn«?i of communi cation is the Governor of the colony. There is no rule more clearly established than that all communications to the Secre tary of State must pass through the Governor. The late Mr. Justice Boothby sought to evade this rule. He was warned at the time by the Governor of (he day. And the Secretary of State dedined to take any notice of the com munications of the judge because they had not been forwarded in the first place to the Governor, and through the Governor to the Secretary of State. Claiming, as we do, that the acceptable ness or otherwise of its future Governor is a matter upon which every colony has a tight to come consideration, there Is a very ready and easy method of arriving at a conclusion, unattended with any of the incidents, disagreeable to every one con cerned, which marked the Queensland case. There is no reason whatever why, as the term of a Governor draws to a close, the Secretary of State should not com municate to him privately one or more names from which the selection of his successor will be made, with a view to ascertaining whether either or each wonld be an unpopular appointment. A Secretary of State might well leave this to the discretion of the Governor to whom he would apply. The mass of the people wonld certainly not desire that the appointment of the Governor should be practically In the hands of the Ministry of the day. One of the chief advantages of the Governor being appointed from outside, and for the term of his office being limited, is the absenoe of local bias, prejudice, or connection. A Governor would very naturally elicit the opinions of those advisers with whom he is in daily communication. Bat as a Governor is the representative of the Queen, and Governor of the colony, uot the political head of the fleeting Executive of the day, the opinion of others of old standing and recognised position and character might also be obtained. In this way the Secretary of State would be saved from the risk of doing what would be equally embarrassing to himself, to his nominee, to the colony Interested, a&d; without foregoing in the slightest degree his own responsibility, or summon ing to a share in it those who have n« euch constitutional right, and who are not reeponsible to the Crown and the Imperial Parliament. A veto on the part of the colonial Ministry to a nomina tion by the Secretary of State is neither desirable nor desired. What is desirable and what is desired is that the whole colony should feel that in the gentleman chosen to represent her Majesty they have a Governor who brings to the England be yond the seas thatcharacterand those quali fications which have made the Queen of England a tjpe of all that is best in every relation of public and private life. We are a generation remarkable for oar tender and considerate treatment of criminals. The roughness and brutality of old-time methods have disappeared. Ilamanltarianlsm has given jus the con ception of a prisoner as one to be re fotined as well as punished. We are done with vindictive penalties. A man is no Jnrger hsDged for stealing a sheep, atd In the few cases where capital punish ment is still Imposed we put the conviot oat of the world almo&t; with an apology for taking so grave a liberty. It goes without saying that In enforcing the death penalty we strive to temper jastice with mercy. We do not torture as wall a* kill. Having decided that a person Is unfit to live, we are satisfied with his removal in a manner as little disagreeable to himself as to those whose delicate sensibility U shocked by the bare idea of an execution. The convict's death, com pared with the sufferings many honest persoEs have to endure In shuffling off their mortal coil, is an absolute eutha nasia. If bungling at the scaffold should add a tingle unnecessary moment of sus pense, or pang of actual pain, to the per son who stands prepared to take his leave of the world, the public Is indignant. For the victims of a poisoner like Louisa Collins, done to death with a devilish and systematic cruelty, sot half the sympathy is evoked as that aroused on her own behalf as the result of an executioner's stupidity, which protracts her sufferings on the brink of eternity only half a minute. We do not tay that this ulfara-senaltlveness Is dis creditable ; on the contrary, It evidences a of humanitarian feeling which is entirely honorable to those who feel it. Singularly enough it has actually led to a complete disregard of the manner of causlDg death which is prescribed by the law and ordered by the judge. The jadge direct* one thing ; the hangman performs another. The prisoner is sen tecoed to be hanged by the neck tiU he la dead. But the gradual extinction of life by suspension and strangulation appears to the oninstrocted and unsckn tific mind as too barbarous to be tolerated. Sharing the common view, the ••flicer of the law provides himself with a long rope and kills by breaking the neck of the criminal who was ordered to be strangled. It was in this way L<>uisa Collins took her exit from the world. And so long as the custom pre vails, painful scenes at executions, snch as that which disgraced the recent hanging in Sydney, cannot be infallibly prevented. Only by a nioe calculation of the weight of the body and the length of the rope is it possible to ensure with absolute cartt tude a fall just sufficient to break the neck without producing the hideous spectacle of a head nearly severed from thebcdy. A method of execution which has come Into rogue from the desire to abridge the agonies of a condemned criminal is re probated by scientific authorities as utterly mistaken. It Is really less merciful than that which It replaces. Dr. W.B. Richard son, who is opposed to capital punishment altogether, contends that If the law must kill, the least brutal way of killing is to hang. "The process of hanging," he says, " looks brutal without actually being so. Since the age of Morg&goi; the question now under discussion has been considered, and the opinion of the best-Informed physiologists then, and since then, has always been that death by strangulation, or by sus pension, Is practically a painless mode of death. Persons who have recovered from the unconscJou?ne?? produoed by utranga latlon have testified completely on this point; and that the old and legal method of death by suspension, according to the terms of fon judicial sentence, should at the instance of auy Ignorant and common officer who may carry out the sentence, have ever been changed for the sudden long drop, or death by an escradating and cruel blow, Is incredible." Cer tainly it Is fair to challenge the pre sent mode of execution If its disagree ment with the law does not secure the expected advantage of tendering death less palnfuL It will surprise many to leant that Dr. Richardson approves of hanging, in the proper sense of the term, as tan most rational mode of awarding a punishment which in Itself he regards as indefensible. The state of New York has resolved on an experiment that has long been contemplated. From the be* ginning of the present year the law In that state haa been that any prisoner sentenced to death shall be sent to his account by means of the electric shock. In these times electricity is a sort of jack of-all trades. It Is a messenger, a source of light, a motive force; and gradually it is insinuating itself into almost all in dustrial processes. We used to be told that electricity is life, and perhaps science will yet direover that vital force Is only one of its Protean phases. Bat, as the agent of Budden death, lightning has ever plajed a terrific part in the popular imagination. What more nataral, then, that science should be invited to adapt Its tremendous power to the rapid extinc tion of a life that has become forfeit to the law ? The electric flash lasts but the thousandth part of a second. It runs a race with physical sensation, and in com parison with the suddenness of its blow, | death by the long drop from a scaffold is a clow and tedious process. Rider Haggard bestowed on the impossible, " She" a lightning glance which slew with the speed of thought. By elec tricity fiction may be translated Into fact. The Medico-Legal Society of New York have decided on a plan for the administra tion of the new law. It must be admitted that the preparations for killing by elec tricity are complicated and cumbersome, and open the door for even more of those hitches that disgrace executions than are common under the existing system. A Btrong chair is placed in the lethal cham ber. To this the prisoner is bound, a la the Davenport brothers. One electrode is inserted In the back of the chair so as to Impinge on the spuie between the shoulders. The bead is enclosed in a tort of helmet fixed to the back of the chair, and to this helmet the other pole of the battery Is joined. The dynamo machine is worked from another room, and the instrument for closing the circuit, so as to pass the current throngh the body of the convict, may be attached to the walL The hair of the criminal haa to be cut short and wetted with warm water at the points of contact with the pjles of the battery. A machine with a force of at least 3,000 volts is to be employed, and it is considered desirable that the current should be allowed to pass for 30 seconds. Will this kill? In answering this question the important point to be weighed is not whether the method will not sncceed in 99 cases of 100, but whether In the hundredth it may not fail. Dr. Richardson, from experiments on sheep and doge, concludes that death by electricity is the reverse of certain. Animals stricken apparently into Instan taneous death by the electric shock have after a few minutes exhibited signs of life, and been restored. There is therefore a danger that in exceptional cues elec tricity inttead of claying outright may merely stun ; and Dr. Richardson urges that ** it will be only common humanity for the authorities of Now York when they begin to give the coup de grace by the electric shock to supple ment the process by a post- mortem examination of the victim, so that the act may not be crowned by burying the victim alive." Lest the suggestion of this danger should be regarded as extrava gant, we may mention a significant fact, Two yean ago, Mr. George A. Mayo, an ' electrical engineer, accidentally received hi Providence, Rhode Island, a shock of 3,200 volt*. This is said to be Che heaviest electric discharge a human being ever survived, and it will be observed that it exceeds in Intensity the shock the New York doctors consider sufficient to extinguish life. Mr. Mayo's hands were { terribly bnrned,and a permanent Injury was inflicted on his nervous system ; but he is stQl^aliveand in comparatively good health. While such doubts remain as to the abso lute certainty of the method of executing criminals by electricity, the Introduction of this reform will not be general. "Making sure" is an essential of any acceptable plan of capital punishment. We are not yet clvilifed enough to dis pense with the old Mosaic lav, which requires a life for a life ; but we are much too civilised to endure a method of killing as capricious in Its effects as electricity has hitherto proved itself to be. j During the absenea from the colony of Meura. Playford and Kingston, the Chief Secretary will act as Treasurer, mnd the Ootn miMioaer of Public Works will look after the department of the Attorney-General. The appointment of Inspector of Mines has been conferred upon Captain Roswarne, of the Umberumberka mine. This decision was ar- rived at in Cabinet on Tuesday. The selec- tion of the Government will be popular, as Captain Roswarne is regarded as one of the most competent mining authorities in the colo nies. He has had 20 years' experience of prac- tical mining, having worked in the iron mines of Pennsylvania, the silver mines of Virginia city, Nevada, the gold and quicksilver mines oi California, and the quartz and coal mines of New Zealand, while for the last three and a hall years he has been engaged in the Barrier district - as assayer to the Umberumberka Silver-Lead Mining Company, mining reporter on the /Silver Age/, and lately manager of the Umberumberka Company. He possesses a fair knowledge of mineralogy and geology, and is thoroughly conversant with the practical work- ing of mines and the various methods of secur- ing ventilation and safety for the miners. Mr. W. H. J. Slee, inspector of mines and super- intendent of diamond drills in New South Wales; thinks that Captain Roswarne will fill the position of Inspector of Mines with credit to those who appoint him and to the benefit of all concerned; while he is spoken of by Mr. Wyman Brown, warden at Silverton, and Mr. W. H. Patton, manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, as thoroughly qualified for the position. The salary it £400 per annum and travelling allowances, and Captain Ros- warne has been selected from over 60 appli- cants. A few days ago the Premier reoeived a tele gram from Sir Henry Parkee, asking on behalf of the Railway Commissioners of New South Wales that Mr. Thow (Locomotive Eagiaeer) might be allowed to report upon matters con nected with the plant in the looomotive work shops in Sydney. Mr. Playford has forwarded on the request to the Railway Commissioners. The Commissioner of Public Works hu re ceived a telegram from Mr. D'Acoy Irrine stating that many of the road* in the neigh borhood of Blinman and aortb of Blinman are in a very bad state, owing to the heavy rains which have fallen, in some oases the fall having been as much as 9 inches. The roads north of Blinman are impusable. The main road from Blinman to Sliding Bock is very muoh damaged, the crossings of the creek having been washed away. The main road from Paraohilna to Third Waters is aim in a very bad condition. It will take a considerable amount of money to repair the damage. A memorial signed by several working men was presented to the Commissioner of Vrown Lands on Tuesday by Messrs. B, A. Moulden, M.P., and A. D. Handyside, M.P., asking the Minister to set aside three or four blocks of laud in Piggie Flat, Mannam (which is to be surveyed by the Government) as working men's blocks. The Commissioner promised to get a report on the matter. A report on the rocket accident, which oo cnrred at Largs Bay on Saturday last, will probably be shortly forwarded to the Treasurer by Commander Walcot. At the instance of the Star of Greece Select Committee, Com mander Walcot was placed in charge of all the rocket apparatus of the colony, and the Treasurer, being the head of the department, will receive any report bearing upon the lamentable oocnnenos, A memorial signed by 43 residents of the district of Kingaoote was presented to the Com missioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Cole) on Tuesday by Mr. H. E. Downer, M.P., asking that Messrs. W. H. Banders, A. T. Whittle, and F. W. Hicks be appointed at representative* for the district « .iGng?eote . board. The MinisV* promised to forward a reply to Mr. Downer. Although the OhristmV kj****". are. O7et the rush to the MelbonMO Exhibition is rtQl m great as ever, the number ??* ?^ al*? wl?o *?ft on Tuesday morning being 500. AM first train, consisting of four bogie carriages! *<■ crowded, and the second, consisting of fiv'i Oumagas, was weU filled. An excursion train ,-?hictt left Melbourne on Monday reached Adelaide ft fin early hour the next day, but only 100 passsrj* gen returned in it. This was the first of a serii? ot trains which will be dispatched from Melbourne to Adelaide at cheap rates, the fares being the same as are charged on the Exhibition excursions which leave for the Victorian capital every week. By the express which reached Adelaide oo Tuesday morning Dm. Gardner, J. A. G. Hamilton, T. K. Hamilton, Punlton, Hay ward, Verco, and' Brnmtnitt, who hare b9en attending the Medical Coneress in Victoria, returned to tbe colony. Toe congress ter minated on Saturday last, after going through an instructive and interesting programme. All the representatives from this colony speak in glowing terms of the hospitality which wsb showered upon them by the people of the metropolis of the sister colony. Tbe whole of the time when the congress was not sitting was spent by the delegates in attending dinners, entertainment*, and con certs given in their honor. A Chinese hawker had a narrow escape from being killed by the Melbourne express at t&e; Goodwood crossing on Taesday afternoon. He got on to the line with a handcart fall of fruit, bnt the enginedriver saw him. and whistlel loudly, also slackening epeed. The man, how ever, eetmed dazed, and did not move, and the train sttuck bit cart, smashing it to pieoes, tbe Chinaman being knocked against the fence. The train was stopped, and the driver and gnard ran back, and found the remains of the cart and f mit scattered along the line, but the owner was uninjured. The accident was due entirely to tbe Chinaman, as the enginedriver signalled the alarm in time for him to escape. Oar Fort reporter writes: — Tbe busi ness of the Caetom-House at Port Adelaide has considerably increased of late, ana the officials employed therein are taxed to their utmott to cope with the work. The stafi as at present constituted is lamentably under manned, and if the Treasurer cannot see his way clear to add to it in proportion to tbe in crease of trade it may seriously interfere with the proper collection of the revenue. The Col lector of Customs, acting on the recommenda tion of the Government, has lately had to retrench twenty officers, which means a saving of £3,000 to the revenue, and there are now only 62 officers, namely :—Collector, comp troller and three clerks, the secretary, detuty rrgistrar of shipping, the chief clerk and four other clerks, warenooEekeeper, two gangers, tltyen lockers, chief landing waiter and nine Resistant landing waiters, assistant landing cnrveyor, nine junior clerks, four boarding officers, offictkeeper, and messenger. The col lector has many times protested against the undermanned staff, and in a memorandum to the Commissioners of Audit, quoted in their last report, he wrote thus:—"l will draw your attention to the fact that with a department so much undermanned and against which I have appealed unsuccessfully year after year, it is impossible to even carry oat the duties at the principal port of the province. There is no question whatever bat that the department is seriously undermanned, and there being no provision for the purpose the wharfs are unprotected entirely after 5 o'clock daily, and 1 p.m. Saturdays, also oo Sundays. In New South Wales the Customs have an inspector whose duty it is to visit out ports constantly, and a similar officer should be appointed here." It is qaice dear that officers tbctzld be available at tbe Port at night time to frustrate, if possible, the designs of smugglers who undoubtedly take advantage of the absence of the officers to land goods with out paying duty. Unlike any other depart ment in the service the Customs has its own auditors. This is exceedingly convenient and is found to work well However, the comptroller has had several clerks retrenched, and this consequently necessitates a heavy burden upon him, of which be cannot appa rently be relieved in any way. His daties are multifarious and varied. He has to inspect all Customs books, aeoonnts, and documents. He has to compare warrants with masters' declared reports, and certify that all goods contained in manifests of ships are " passed" with either "free,"' "doty paid," or "warehousing" entries, and become re?potuible, in fact, for a handled and one things, each of which requires daily attention. There are 11 lockers, whose salaries amount to £1,600 per acautn, which is solely paid by lionise fees from the proprietors of bonded stores in tbe Fort Of the 10 landing waiters '' one is solely employed in approving invoices, another is relegated to the position of inspeHor of drawbacks, whose salary is contributed tv merchants requiring bis services, while a third is solely employed in the Queen's warehouse 1 examining goods. Throughout the Cartom- House is wretchedly undermanned, an 1 a'i tbe ! officers can do is to live in hope that when the Civil Service Commission enquire into their department they will see their way dear to re commend tbe Government to increase the staff. On the Adelaide Oval to-night tbe Maori tnmpe will sive another interesting per fonnanor, when a change of programme will to presented. Messrs. CT. Brock & Cj. will aUo give an excellent display of fireworks. News was received by the last mail from England that Mr. S. Talbot Smith, son of Bir £. T. Smith, and a member of tbe firm of Stock & Talbot Smith, solicitor*, re ceived tbe degree of master of arts at Cam bridge on December 6 last. On Taesday evening a large number of skaters and onlookers visited the Norwood Rink, and skating was thoroughly enjoyed by all present in the cool room. The management are arranging for an Umbrella and Parasol and Hat Carnival. The local representative of Messrs. John Lysaght & Sons, Limited, Bristol, received a cablegram from London on Taasday in refe rence to Orb brand galvanized corrugated iron, 26gauge. The telegram says: — "London market firm; £17 f.o,b. Exports decreasing." The Exhibition Bink again drew a large crowd of linkers on Tuesday evening. Owing to the success of the invitation evening dress party on Monday last Mr. Frearson intends making Friday an invitation evening also, tickets for which are now being issued. The decorations which were so much admired on the first night will be rearranged. j The Tbiatre Royal was well patronised on Tuesday evening, when "OnChange" wasagiin 1 repeated. It is tne intention of the manage ment, owing to a request from country resi dent*, to present "In Honor Bound," and •'Turned Up" to their patrons on Friday and Saturday evenings. On Monday "The Bachelors" wiUbestaged. A very old colonist, in the peraonof Mrs. Ben jamin Whitmore, died on Tuesday at Teatree Gully. Mrs. Whitmore, who lived to the great age of 93 yean, arrived in the colony with her husband in 18S9, and settled in Ade laide. Subsequently the couple followed farm ing pursuits near Dry Creek, where they r? ouained till the death of Mr. Whitmore about 16 yean ago, when Mrs. Whitmore removed to Teatree Gully. The deceased lady leaves a eon, two daughters, and a number of grand children and great grandchildren. On Taesday Messrs. B. A. Moulden, M.r_ and A. IX Handytide, M.P.. waited on the Minister of Education, and directed his atten tion to the necessity for school accommodation at Mount Benson. It was stated that there are 35 children living within three and a half miles and 27 within, three miles of the site proposed for a school, and all within the com pulsory age. The residents offered to supply free of cost all the atone, lime, and sand re quired for a building. The M.wi^f ne would call for a report as to the necessity for a school, bat he ooald not promise to erect a building. On Tuesday evening a meeting of the Hind manh Institute committee was held in tne local institute building, the mayor (Mr Jos. Vardon) presiding over a good attendants. Mr. Jos. Aahton suggested that the mayor, who baa been president of the in?titute for the past two years, should again seek re-eleotion, as there were various matters he had in hand in connection with the institute that might be j carried ont during the ensuing year. His wor ship regratted that owing to ill health he w«b unable to carry ont his programme. He was pleased to state that tbe finances of the insti tute were on a sound basis, and hoped that the funds would be increased by tke subsidy that ' had been promised by the Minister of Educa tion. Pressing engagements would not allow bim to continue in office another year, and further be thought it would not be fair to monopolise the position of president. A rattier interesting novelty has b9en for warded us by W. Storrie & 00.. the Adelaide agents for Dr. J. O. Ayer & Co., of Lowell, Massachusetts, in the shape of a bound copy of Ayer'e almanao for 1889 printed in ten different languages. There are editions in French, German, Spanish, Portuguese. Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Dutch, Bohe mian, and j Welsh, besides various copies in English adapted for different parts of the empire. In addition to these the volume contains specimen pagan of pamphlets issued by the company in other languages, auoh as Turkish, Armenian, Greek, Bulgarian. Polish. Hawaiian, Grejareti, Burmese, and Cninaae! which give some indication of the extent of their operations. In the preface some interesting details are given with re gud to these almanacs, of which from 13 to 14 millions are annually printed and distributed over the world. It is stated that eight presses an in oonitant use, whioh print off a hundred thousand almanacs printed and folded every day. consuming about three torn of paper. The aWnao itself, apart frcm the columns devoted to advertising, contain! «fr*i> valuable information. The astronomical ta*l*V are especially reliable, and it is stated that astronomers and others interested inthatseisnoe highly recommend them for their aoouraoy. Other matter of on interesting character is also included. "Another German colonial settlement is.'* says the Poll Mall Gazette of December 7, "pretty well on its teat legs. The state of things in New Guinea seems to be almost m bad as in East Africa. The Governor is about to resign, and. according to a Maaieb news paper, the financial condition of the New Gniaca Company U vtry serious. Excessive centralisation and the expenditure of money npon which there is no prospect of immediate return has led to a rumor that the company has offered to cell its territories to the German Empire for tbe roodost earn of £200,000. Judging by the experieaos that has been afforded as ol German colonisa tion in Africa, it would eeem that the only bseiness in wnicb tbe German colonists are charter from tbe German Government, and then of magnanimously asking the Govern ment, after a couple of years, either to spend hundreds of thousands in viudictting their authority, or to bay back the charter for • tound earn. «• Experience," B*y* the old saw, "is nevor worth aught until it has bean daariy fcought;" and the price of the commodity uOO cheaper for Germans! than it has been for us." For many weeks past (remarks th? S*. Petersburg correspondent of the London Tim* writing on December 4) the B/aasian press h?* nevtr ceaaed to bewail the tmexoected rise to predominance of England's influence at the expense of Russia's in Teheran. This feeling bse now produced a vigorous press attack on England, Persia, and the Russian Foreign Office. At first the Russian ambassador. Prince Dolgorouky, was censured for being absent from his post, tiras giving Sir Houry Lrumtcond Wolff an opening. Neither M. da Giers nor M. Zinovibfi, who did so much to es tablish Russian prestige in Persia, in oonjuno tion with General Skobeleff, is spared in the sweeping denunciation levelled against tb« Ministry for Foreign Affair*, on the eubjeat of its unsuccessful conduct of affairs with Persia. For three days in succession the Sotoe Vremya has contained three columns on this theme. To-day it reprints a long letter from General Skobeleff to a Russian diplo-natut, written in 1579, which was translated into tine Time* and otbtr London newspapers in March, 1684. Tois political ghost of General Skobeleff is again brought before the directors of Russian dudo n.Bcy to warn them, in tbe words of the late brro, against the attempts sura to be made bjr England, " bearing at first a purely commercial character,''but in reality constituting " indirect invasive action aimed against Russia's posses eions in tbe Caucasus and Central Asia, and against preponderating influence throughout Penza." The campaign opened in the Sotoe Vnmya against tbe diplomatists is evidently the work of its staff of military politicians and writers. In their opinion Sir H. Drummind Wolff bas not only secured the navigation of the Karon, bat has also instigated Persia's refusal to permit the residence of a Rosnaa Consul at Manned, emboldened the Shah'« Government to prohibit the sale of wheat to the Russians at Lutfabai, and encouraged the Persians to chirk the construction of their half of the high road from Aekabad to Mashed. Both North and South Persia nave suddenly fallen completely under tbe power of the British Ambassador, whose appointment was sot so long ago hailed by Muscovite editors almost with derision—so absolutely con fident were they of a monopoly of inflnenoa at Teheran. Bir H. prummond Wolffe mooom is considered * national Russian disaster, eqnil to the failure of tne first Akksl Tekkee expedi tion. Such a collapse of Russian BACsndancy is described as a "derailment of thediplomatio train." for which the Foreign Office and the whole system of Bosnian diplomacy are t? blame. To obviate the evil effects of tils catastrophe, concludes the ffovot Frewya, Bnwria must not oonnterbribe all the Betttma Ministers, bnt take strong action directly' against tbe Shah for his violation of a treaty in respect of the reported prohibition of tne sale cf cereals over the Khotasan frontier. Tbe advertisements with rrtsranna to] ansssnaata appear on tbe aaoood pago. W« have received for the Brown fam3y fonl £S. collected by " 3JIA," Ooofce's ruins, and £1 Croat A. UcCuuoch, Jtm. 