A MIDSUMMER RUN THROUGH THE SOUTH-EAST. [By our Special Reporter.] No. 3—Resources of the District. There is certainly no district in the colony that affords greater contrasts to the eye of the visitor than the line of country which his vision embraces as he travels southerly and to the east from the Adelaide railway-station to Mount dam bier, and then again to Millicent and the seaports on the coast. % Everyone is familiar enough with the charming scenery that meets th9 eye as the train surmounts its 1 in 40 grade till the station at Mount Lofty is reached, and with the plots of orchard and garden lands where fruits and vegetables of all kinds may be seen growing in abundance on either side of the line. Skirting Mount Barker, the garden of the colony, we run through Nairne towards Callington, where there is a wonderful change in the charac ter of the country, and bleak uplands and hungry-looking valleys prepare us for the dismantled smelting houses and other evi* dences of mining exploration in the past; not, however, because the mineral treasures of the district have been ex hausted, as there is every likelihood that with our later knowledge and modern improvements in mining many valuable discoveries may yet be made in the country through which the Nairne line passes between that township and the Murray. There is one strip for example on the other side of Callington to which my attention was directed by a skilled mining man, who said the surface indica tions were those of a coalfield, and that it was the only place he had seen in South Australia which bore a close resemblance to the Newcastle country In New South Wales. Oh referring to the map Issued by the Government Geologist I find he has noted this piece of country as being a metal-bearing for mation of the plutonlc period, which does not favor the supposition that coal might be found there; but it may be that the locality hasnot been more than superficially surveyed, and that an exploration of this red sandstone bar of country might be attended with good results, The traveller of to-day who obtains an excellent meal at the Murray Bridge refreshment rooms (and, by-the- way, a flourishing little town ship with a very good hotel has sprung up at the bridge since the railway opened), and then settles himself down comfortably to repose, or a game of whist, while he is being conveyed at forty miles an hour across the desert, is In blissful Ignorance of the troubles of the overland traveller in the somewhat recent coaching days. Then the desert journey was something to be remembered, and many a weird story can be told by those who in old times coached it along the Ooorong. I have myself a vivid recollection of being regaled with the stcry of Malachi Martin, and his murderous exploits, on a dark dis mal wintry night; and when we pulled up at the wayside shanty at Salt Creek to change our horses and get a bite of refreshment the mid night hour had jusb struck. An old woman waB bending over a capfull of fire, cooking eggs, when my voluble com panion offered to take me into the next room and show me the bloodstains on the walls where Malachi had beaten out the braina of his unfortunate servant girl. Never shall I forget the look of horror and alarm with which the old woman 'turned upon us andlmploredmy companion to speak no more on the subjecb. " Oh, don't-'ee sir, don't; for God's sake don't say any more, or I shall see the poor girl's ghost when you are gone. There's no bloodstains there now; they were painted out years ago," said she, and I certainly had no curiosity to witness them, even had they not been removed,. Bub I could nob help reflecting on the dismal fate of the poor old creature, who was compelled to live in a place where the chance remarks of a passing stranger could rouse in her mind all the horsibla associations of tus mur derer and hi3 victims. Stories of wreck and massacre and of out rage by the blacks were given a local coloring by the narrator as we passed the spots where they were enacted; and these, with the discomforts of bad weather, a rough road, and a terribly jolting coach, made the all-night journey along the Coorong anything but a pleasant one. Thank goodness the iron horse has demolished that state of things, and in anything but a seething hob day the run across the desert can now be undertaken with ease and in comparative comfort. One cannot help speculating on the future of that vast tract of country which lies between the Murray and Borderfcown as mile after mile of mallee scrub meet the eye in our on ward progress, and our best wishes for success go out towards Mr. Scott In his plucky venture at E mu Flat. I have t wice visited the plantations there, and they form so remarkable a contrast to the desert wilds which surround them that we must regard Mr. Scott and his coad jutors as benefactors to the public If they succeed in showing there is country in the desert that can be profitably occupied. I have no doubt they will accomplish this desirable end, and that many thousands of acres in the " desert" will ere long be selected and settled upon. The railway authorities have proved that water can be pretty easily obtained in other places besides Emu Flab, and the Conservator of Forests has indicated the various uses to which large areas of the desert may be profitably pub, such as growing the wattle and the pine; while at Emu Flab the visitor can himself see the vine, fruit trees, and vegetables enjoying lnxurlant growth. The approach to Bordertown is heralded by clumps of timber, indicating the Ira proved character of the soil, and remain ing there a night I found two good hotels in the township and a number of stores, an institute, school, &e;, which prove that it has a future before it, and pos sibilities of enlargement which may de pend a great deal upon the enterprise of the inhabitants and the occupants of the surrounding country. I find on reference to statistics that the land under the district council comprises the hundreds of Tatlara, "Wirrega, Parsons, and Stirling, and hundreds not named, a total area of 1,500 square miles. The amount of the assessment is £22,000 ; the rates realise £1,100; and the gross revenue to about £2,300, not including the main roads grant. Bordertown is one of the oldest locations in the south-east, whose useful ness was recognised by the Government so far back as 1851, when it was a depot for the gold escort from the diggings ; and portions of the old "pub" where Inspector Tolmer and his men found quarters when in charge of the precious metal is still attached to the principal hotel. . There is one grievance under which Border town smarts at the present time, and-that is the change of gauge which takes place at Wolseley, and which formerly occurred at Bordertown, where every provision had been made in the shape of a turntable and a couple of good water dams. Why the newer place should have superseded the older in this matter I can hardly under stand, as the only saving effected is, I am told, the running of the carriages a distance of nine miles along the line, whereas the engine has to travel this distance to turn round and to take in water. Possibly the railway authorities have good and sufficient reasons why the change should have been made, but to the ordinary traveller it seems odd thab Bordertown should have been superseded 'by Wolseley, especially as Servicebon is so near to the latter place. Bordertown has a well-to- do aspect, and can this year boast of very good crops; and the fact that It also has an agricultural society and show grounds is a proof that its lands are fit to sustain a farming com munity. Wolseley, nine miles from Bordertown, is the private township which was laid out under the impression that it would be 6ne of fche principal stopping places on the intercolonial line, bub has siace baen robbed of thi3 distinction by the Vic torian commissioners deciding upon Serviceton being the border Customs station. Wolseley, whichincludesthetown ship of Tatiara, is well enough situated, except thab ib labors under the disadvan tage of much of the surrounding country being educational reserves that have been leased in large blocks for grazing. It would have been much better had these blocks been thrown open to the farmers, as the soil is good and the climate more suitable for the settlement of a popula tion than the northern lands outside Goyder's line of rainfall. At Wolseley the traveller from the south-east changes from the narrow to the broad gangs train. The Btatlon accommodation is scanty, and although a fair meal is provided at the hotel opposite, as the building Is not of a pretentious character, it does not seem to be largely patronised. Narracoorte, 240i miles distant from Adelaide, is one of the oldeBt towns in the colony, having been founded by Mr. William Macintosh In the year 1848, and it is satisfactory and singular to relate that at this distant date from its first Settlement lis founder is atlll residing in the town with various members of His family. The original name given to the. settlement was Kincraig, after a village In Scotland, the birthplace of Mr. Mac intosh, but the Government township was named Narracoorte from a native designation of the creek, which runs through the town, and at floodtime contains a considerable body of water. The original name of Kincraig has therefore fallen into disuse, but the attempt to form a Government township has failed, as theprincipalbuslneBS places and residences are situated In the old township, which is picturesquely placed on the side3 of ground which slopes down to the creek. Before the railway Narracoorte wa3 made lively with coaches and teams, but the iron horse has deprived ib of much of this excitement, and the place is now com paratively dull. It is a well-built town with good hotels,} institute, and other public buildings, and if the large areas of squatting lands which surround it conld be Bold or leased i for farming and agricultural pursuits Narracoorte would again become a place of consider able importance. Squatters' runs border the very edge of the township, and it seems a pity that better use cannot be made of much of the land than that to which it is at present devoted. The famous caves, which are situate some seven miles oat of the town, I was unable to visit, but was regaled by a friend with some good stories of how titled celebrities had been induced to crawl on all-fours through the "post-office" when they might have walked upright ronnd a corner where their friends were waiting to re delve and congratulate them on their acrobatic exploits. Bush fires were ragiBg round Narracoorte daring the period of my visit, and It was only the exertions of the Messrs. Robertson's employes that prevented the fire obtaining a hold upon the State forest reserve, near the caves. I was pleased to hear thab Mr. Hutchinson has a number of pro mising thoroughbreds which should at tract attention from buyers at the coming sales, and. that the local coursing club (the oldest in. the colonies) are making good progress with their new plampton, which they algo Intend to use as a race course. The famous greyhound, Rho danthe, now owned by theMessrs. Robert son, is, I was also pleased to learn, alive and well and bringing up a litter of five pups by an equally famous sire, Capri (imp.), by Canute—Little Star. The season has been a favorable one for the landowners round Narracoorte, and an idea of the district can be obtained from recently- compiled figures :—" The hun dred of Narracoorte contains 96 scjnare miles, and its-roads and works are constructed by a district council which has been in existence 17 years. Under the Local Government Bill this area wa3 increased to over 700 square miles, and includes the hundreds of Narracoorte, Bynam, Binnum, Jessie, Robertson, Joanna, Lochaber, and Glenroy. The assessment of the district coun cil for the old district was £15,081 10s,, and the. year's rate at a shilling in the pound came to £754 la. 6d. The enlarged district has an assessment on a much lower basis. The annual value of the property is assessed at £34,352 19a., and the rates amount to £1,71213s. The assessment is divided between the four wards as underCentral ward (hundred of Narracoorte), £10,50117s. 9i. ; south east ward (hundreds of Jessie, Joanna, and Robertson), £12,528 3s. 5d. ; north ward (hundreds of Binnum and Hynam), £7,307 153. Gd- ; west ward (hun dreds of Lochaber and Glenroy), £4,015 2s. 4d. There is an over draft of about £600. About three years ago a substantial stone council chamber was built in Ormerod-street at a cost of about £800. Many of the buildings are of white limestone with sandstone facings, and include the railway-station, three banks, four churches, the council-cham ber. a poBb and telegraph office in Ormerod street, institute, State school, and three hotels. On the north of the creek are the Local Court buildings and the flourmlll." I observed while strolling up towards the cemetery a very lively rabbit-warren in some rising sandy ground, and conld not understand why tlrn bunny and his nume rous progeny should be permitted to form a colony so near to the township, and right ud to the fence of the last resting-place of the inhabitants. Ibis notanlcethingtocon template that the rodent may be burrow ing on the other side of the fence amongst the coffins, or even the bones, of the dead. The hotelkeepers and storekeepers of Narracoorte have unquestionable cause for complaining of the "quiet times" in their township, as with pastoral country all round them, and a commercial decline brought about by railway extension, they have little improvement to hope for in the immediate future. .Some day no doubt the rich lands that lie beyond the belts of sand and scrub will be sub divided, or let out to farmers and graziers, and then will Narracoorte once more be come a flourishing town and a pleasant place of resort for the country-siders. 