PORTFOLIO. W'ITalto-TIF.-St. Paul ?ays, "If an? man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of Ills." And this is a fearful sawing; because, if we are not Christ's we cannotsbe saved, for " there is none other.name under heaven given ,among men, rthereby we mirst he saved."' .' And oh I how few can say that they hare the Spirit of Christ ! St. John says, " lereby we know that He" (that is God) "dwelleth in us, by theSpirit whic hh I iath givenl. i" Can w.re say of most rmen that God is dwelling in them, and that the fruit ofthe Spirit which He gives them is the sig4t and proof that He is dwell. ing there ? 1Tay, when we look around us, are not the chief marks we see, not the mrrks of God's inldwelling Spirit, but the marks of carelessness, worlrlliness,, loth, hard- heartedness-not to speak of more plain and open sins-which everywhere raound I W\\\'ere these things are,-where any onie of these things is,-there God can. not Ie, thrre Christa Spirit cannot rest. But have not all been made Christ's in bap tism ? Has not Ilis HIoly Spirit been given to all then? Yes; bhut this is a very different thing. It is a ret~r-diffrie?nt thig tr have Ieen given t, Christ and made Hlis in baptism, and toibe His note. It is a very different thing to have had tlhe' Holy Spirit given to us, as one of those gifts and privi leges, which are inade ours (orenvenanted to us) in Cluist, and to be led by that Spirit low. We may forfeit God's gifts.' We mny refuse Ilis mercies. We may " quench" Ilis Spirit. Oh ! let us not flatter ourselve by thinking we are in any true and living sense Christians and Godt's children, if wio have not the Spirit of Christ, if we are not led by the Hroly Ghost. IRemember, if we waulr he saved, we must have the iloly Spirit for our Sanctifier, as well as Jesor Christ for or rtedeemer. And twe emrnot have one without the other. God does not half save nrs. Either we are altogether saved, or not at all. And if we are alto gether saved, then,, asturedly, the Holy Ghost changes and renews our hIearts, just as truly as tile blood of JesUs Christ vashes away onr sins A\Ve !hav no.boebbfit in the Cross, unless we are crucifying our sins. W\e cannot be justified without being'sancti lied. Let us pray more earrnestly and more constantly for that greatest of all gifts, tihe gift of the Spirit, that we too may be "filled with the Holy Ghost" and let us pray with faith in 'Godl's'rd i ronmise, forlJesus said, "If ye, being evil, know how to give goodr gifts unto your children, how,mtnch more slall. your heavenly Fatheir gi?oethi Iloly Spirit to thein that ask Hitn" ! -Bitojr 