BLACK BLOOD: A PECULIAR CASE. El GEORGE MAT4VHLE FENN, Author of "The Master of the Ceremonies," " This Man's Wife," M The Pareon o' Dam ford,1" &c;,, &«. Publ'Eied by epeclal smngenvect with Use cotter. AU iJghta reserved.) EOOK H.-ATTEB A LONG LAPSE, Ceapteh LI.—Dick has a Bad Night. " If I wasn't rach a coward!—if I wasn't finch a coward!" cried Diob Sogden, as be paced up and down his room, " How many timeB have 1 seemed to see it all—haunting me —haunting me, "They say there's ghosts, and the spirits of murdered men rise against them as bill them; and it's just &b; if he was always coming to me, "It wasn't murder: I was only fighting for liberty. And I've Beemed to see him ever since, and it haB been as if 1 bad never had a happy hour all these years. "What I've suffered! What I've suffered! And I'm such a coward, or I should go and speak out at once and save h*"m. "No, no, no, I can't. They wouldn't be lieve a word of it. They'd say I was mad— and if they did believe it—Ah !" He wrung his hands and the great drops of sweat gathered on his brow as he muttered in a harsh angry whisper :— "And who wouldn't he a coward? Is it such an easy thing to be hung ? Oh, the times I ve seen it all—the constables and the hand cuffs—the magistrates and the evidenoe—and then the trial and the judge speaking slow and solemn and sentencing me—to death. " If I wasn't such a coward I " Poor Master Rob! And him so true, and brave and staunch. Such a lad as he is, I'll go! I'll tell everything. It'll save him, and I'd better be hung than hold my toDgue when a word would beep him from being Bhot. " No; that devil would Bay it was all a lie; and then he'd hunt me down, and I should be hung—hung by the neck till I was dead. And I swore I'd be true to him and beep it all a secret, I swore I would, What did I say ?" He shuddered aB he pressed his hands to his burning brow and gazed wildly round. " I don't know now. It seems all gone, but I Bwore it, and I've kept my oath. "But I didn't know it would come to this, and it's too horrible—too horrible for a man to bear." .He stopped Bhort cIobb to the wall, with his head bent forward and eyes staring as if he were gazing into space, his lips moving the while, and at times they were the mutter ingB of delirium. Then he ssemed to be struggling hard to collect himself, and Bhook his head and passed his hands over his eyes again and again to sweep away the dim ming mental mist which confused his intellect. "Can't think—can't seem to think clearly," he muttered angrily, " Things get mixed up altogether." He stood gazing straight at the wall again, and he burBt out now in a fierce denunciatory way. " Yes, I will!" he cried. " I dare tell every thing. He's a brave, true, noble fellow, and you've been a curse to him Yes—you. A brute. I've seen you lash him like a dog, as you've laBhed me with your tongue. Like a dog—treated me like a dog—treated ub all like dogB. But I've kept my word. I swore I'd do everything you said, and I've done it. Ah!" He rushed to the side of the room, poured out some water, quickly, and bent down to bathe hiB brow. "SeemB to clear one, like," he muttered as beheld the towel to hiB face. "lean think now, and there isn't that black cloud pressing down npon a man's head." He began to pace the room again. "If I only dared speak! If I only dared speak!" he groaned, aB he sank down in a sitting position on the edge of his bed and began to rock himBelf to and fro, " What did he Bay ? That bo sure as there was a God above he'd denounce me; and leave no Btone unturned to send me to the gallows— and he would—he would—and I'm a coward— a miserable coward. I always was. "Never mind, Master Rob, lad," and he spoke in a light, half piteous way, as il the person addressed were present—• it's only a short and a sharp Bting, You're a soldier, and it's what yon might expect some time or other. You gave it him well, and can fed happy abont that, and I can tell yon one ' hing, lad, much older as I am, that life ain't worth having— it's been to me almost a curBe. Better out of it, my lad, and go to sleep—eh ?" He bent forward and Bmiled as the vacant look upon hiB face increased "Why don't I go out of it? Why don't I tell the truth ? Hah! That's it. I'm Buch a coward, my lad—such a coward. I daren't speab, not even to give you your own. Ah, it's weary work, lad, when you've got some thing like thiB on your mind. Sleeping or waking its always there. His eyeB looking at yon and telling yon that you killed him, I've seen him pointing lots of times to a crowd on a dark morning, and when I've looked there was something swinging to and fro above the crowd, and I daren't look any more; and then he has seemed to langh and jeer at me as if he was pleased that I should be punished and suffer aB I do." Dick leaped up with an angry cry and looked wildly- around as he pressed his brow. "'Tain't drink," he muttered thickly. "I haven't touched a drop, but it's just like it was that time after the whisky, Seems all real like and aB if I waB talking to him. Seemed to be sitting there and looking at me with them bright eyes of his, and asking me to save him. Said he was so young and didn't want to die like that, " Poor lad," he said after a pause. tf Why should he, when there's only me in the way ? I will Epeak, I'll go to the colonel and tell him all the truth, if I can only keep my head and remember what I want to say; but it keepB going from me. SeemB like walking straight to the gallows, and they'd try me and hang me. Yes, they'd try me and hang me for it. What of that? It would be the saving of a true a lad as ever Btepped, and it would make those old people happy—two who never did me barm. I will tell them. I'll make a clean breast before it is too late, and before he comeB. "No, no, I cannot," groaned the unhappy man, wildly, and he stood pointing before him, " As soon as I say I will, he seems to be lying out there in.the copse, among the wet leaves and dripping grass, and he opens hiB eyes and looks at me, and—there he is again, Don't, don't, don't, roaster—don't look at me lika that. It was an accident—the gun went off in tbe tusBle." Dick sank upon his knees and stretched out his hands aB he gazed into vacancy. "I couldn't help it—you know I couldn't help it, and that I'd sooner have cut off my right hand than pulled the trigger. Don't look at me like rhat. Help !—help !—What shall I do The wretched man sank down from where he had cast bimBelf upon his knees and lay grovel ling upon the floor. " It isn't that I'm afraid to die. I've suffered so much that my life has been a hell upon earth, but it's that—it's that. He's always there, seeming as if he'd drag me down—drag me down, and I daren't—I daren't face that. It is too terrible to bear. "What shall I do? Let that brave young fellow die, or Bpeak the truth ?" " No, I dare not. When he comes he'll tell Sir Philip, and it will all be Btopped. How long will it be before he comes? The letters must reach him, and I've sent them both in Epite of all he said. Poor lad!—poor lad 2" Dick at last rose from where he lay with the intention of going to Sir Philip's room, waking him and making a full confession of his sins; but rb soon aB he reached the door it seemed tohiminhisover- excitedatatethatthemurdered gamekeeper stood in his way, threatening him with extended hand, and he shrank back with a wild cry, to cast himBelf, writhiDg in agony, upon the bed. A few words bravely spoken would have changed the current of events, and Richard Sogden fought hard to speak those words. Hour succeeded hour with determination to act coming and coming again and again; but it was always the same as the wild fit of delirium increased. There stood by him the figure of Rob, despairingly pleading that he would save his life, and on the other hand, like some mocking fiend, the form of the dead keeper standing in his way to drive him back. " It's so that I shan't do aught that might tell for me by-and bye," groaned Dick. " It's to make sure of me when I'm trying to do right. Master Rob, lad, I want to save you. I'm ready to die so that you may live, but it's too late—too late now, Look there," and he paused, as he pointed straight before him "he's stopping me—he won't let me go past Lim, and it's too late—too late." (To be continued.J 