ECHOES OF TILE STREEITS. t [BY Tonmy TRoT.] "Our echoes roll from soul to soul." r TE~NysoN. It gave me much pleasure to hear my t worthy friend Alderman Farrelly unbosom a himself to a certain extent to the large c assemblage of his fellow citizens who dined together, after the Anglo-Saxon a custom, to celebrate the inauguration of t the Trades and Labour Council on Saturday evening last at the Cornwall Hotel. People j become amilable and communicattve when r they dine together. For the time a fooling E of brotherhood warms their hearts I they relax the austerity, I should say reserve, that is the reproach of Britons, and to their own surprise, and to the surprise s of their neighbours, indulge in a relieving gush. Of the purpose of c that most agreeable gathering I have little to say. While my sympatohy is with I those gooet and true men who seek to pro mote the well- being of all craftsmen and I labourers, and although I should never have taken up the pen of the ready writer I -let this slip of self-satisfaction pass, I please-had I not been urged by sympathy, I live so much in that .dreamland, Utopia, t whore the whole commuinity is one fraternal co-operative society, and where there is no need for individual classes to I band themselves together for the pro tection and advancement of that particular n class-I sometimes forget that I do not live in Utopia, and that the complica. tions of interest require continual and the most delicate adjustment. Thpse guilds and unions have most cer tainly benefited craftsmen and labourers, but history tolls me that they are not-as nothing really is-an unmixed blessing. No wonder then that I am sometimes anxious lest at any time those good men and true may listen to the specious words of mischievous busybodies that might dia. turb the prosperity that now prevails. I beg pardon for keeping Alderman Farrelly so long on his feet. That gentleman put me in mind of certain children in a certain market p'uce who complained to their n fellows that they had piped unto them t pond they Ig4 not danced. He spoke eloquently of the good the Municipal Council had effected, making rough places emco.h, and cleansing and beautifying our clty; he patheti.ally remarked that they (thle Council) were but nine men, and they had done what they could ; but, he said, they could and would n have done more had not their hands been tied by the apathy of the citizens. In the matter of lighting th9 torin with the electrib l?Iht, their initiatory Iroceedings had not been backed up by any sign of approval from the public, and how could they proceed in this great undertaking unless thoy reoeiyed support from outside. In mny qsual enthusiastic manner I heartily applauded this part of Mr. Farrolly's speech. I was glad to hlar an alderman side with Tommy Trot in reproving the citizens of Launceston for their lukewarm ness in many matters of great civic in terebt. But I said to myself as 1 trotted hom, " Habit is second nature." Draw nearer my auditors, let us put our heads together, and I will tell you a tale, or rather the " Romance of tie old gold satin slipper." Ahl II see you are in terested; I thought the mention of a lipPer-a delicte ldy's neigper-wduld ly draw. Don't be impatient; let me tell it Is my own way. YWell, tihe steamer had n entered the Tamar Ieads; the smart it Caustoms House otlicer, gold buttons, gilt g hand, had boarded her. The passengers' n luggage had been hoisted out of the hold, d lay piled up amidships waiting to be examined and passed by the young official. The passengers had gathered around await. ing their turn. Ev ryone made the most of I seeing their fellow-passengers' goods and chattels hauled about. Glances and smiles were exchanged as the contents of this and I that portmanteau or tin box came tolight, and all the while the good steamer was I parting the waters of the Tamar before her 1with a bright musical plash, and leaving behind her a glittering streak of white waves. At length a long bag became the object of general attention. A gentleman claimed it, and answered the questions of the young inquisitor in a somewhat low tone of voice. 'The officer did not seem satisfiedul. 'lThe slspicion-arousing bag was forthwith emptied of its contents. Ladles' ih jackets, shawls, wraps of every kind were J, disclosed, the lookers-on drawing closer as T the process went on. The bottom of the Ill emergrney ang had just been reacnhld, 0 when in a moment the lookers-on were rewarded for their patient watch--yes, iny hearers, the agony is coming-out i jumped, out of the jaws of the long in bag, clearing with a bound the cnap of m wraps-out jumiped, and stood firnly on lb the deck, boesutful, stately, a perfect as model of classic elegance, ia lady's old gold satin slipper, resting lightly upon the prosaic deck-like a thing of beauty as it really was, like the fragment ot some charoing roma'ne. The surprised passen gers looked with all theireyes for a moment Is or two, and then a quiet smuile wentround the circle, not a rude guffaw-how cold i i they laigh rudely in the presence of this m thing of beauty just arrived fresh from the C; kingdom of romanuce, and resting lightly rn there so dainty, so suggestive of womanly al grace, appealing as if it said-" Pray, kind I friends have respect to the absent fair oe, h my mnistress,whose fairy foot so often makes b moe its habitat." Doyou think T.T. cannot a romance if he choose ? Go to--he w can romance fast enough when lie has a cl purpose. T'lha moral of all this is to h support the reference that was made last o I week to the inquisitorial and offensive nature of Custolm hIouse oustoms, and ihe incivility with which lady-passenger , luggage Is treated on arrival at this port of Launceston. II one of the fouleat parts of Melhonrne, ti the Chinese quarter, Little Bourke-street, au there is one wholesome spot where minis- cl tering women watch to r'soue God's lambs a who have wandered afar from the fold. The door of this refuge, for such it is, if stands always open through all the dark, unwholesome hours of the night, wlhen I, murder, and crime, and sbhame make p " night hideous."' The open door admits si to a largo room invitingly clean andl war, ti neatly painted and stencilled; at one end, e from a bright red background, gleams in ti brightest gold the Scriptural invitation " Come unto me ;" opposite to this inviting at inscription is a largo fireplace, a bright fire, and ntar at hand ia kettle and tea n ud coflfe pots, which comlfortable appliances ail stand ready the whole nmght long. In Or attendance, also the whole night are two a ladies, educated, refined women, who have II taken up the cross, aind have given them selves to minister to tihe lost sheep of the HIouse of Israel. Round and about that o crime-lhuntemd quarter flit about all night ie long the ghosts of those .who once were in smiling, beautiful babes, thq joy of their th mothers and the pride of their fathers, who grew upto be the light and minister of the fi precious homo; babes wihonr their fond parents hoped one day to see mistress of a bright homne of her own, mother of beauti ful ohildren, but who have: been enticed i from the safety of the fold, and ir become the shameless companions re of the depraved and criminal. Into this ua haven, these midnight shades, alas not ghosts but living women, carrying about to with themr under their breasts a lacerated r5 heart, burning with indignation and shame, at as do theo sad inmates of the Halls of Eblis, W in Aldermanu Beckworth'so " Vathelr;" these sa sadly bewildered ones, sober or inebriated, maddened by opium, drink, crime, or up slime, maiiry always enter, always be wel- wl coired by loving voices, and ministered to fi by the caresslng hands of these ladies who "O know of no pollution in theeo sad oisUcc. Some of these unfortunates enter, throw themselves upon a bench, bury their faces in their hands, their elbows resting upon the table, anil weep as only those who think themselves God- forsaken can. The sisters prepare the refreshing cup of ten, and when a their visitors become calmer, enquire into their case, tell them to pour out theiri whole hearts to them, to relieve their sorrow by an unburdenment into the sympatlising ears of real friends who have he volunntrily made themselves the servants of such as they are. These poor creatures are for a time comforted, then are urged to bury the past life and arise to a brighter dawn; they are invited to eater a "homle," safe, wholesome, pure; they are assured of kindlness and aroused to the hope of recovery. 'lhere is no staud-oillshness in these devoted ladies who go about their errands of mercy; go about those foul sllumis t night as safe as in the blessed daylight, for they qre, as they say, "about LE the Master's busine s,"lHundreds of women have been iaved through this instru mentality, and may many more be yet restored to the fold. The article in tihoe Args.ahout August Gr 21, from which this bare outline has been taken, is recommended to the grroious attention of one or two ladies in Laun ceston. Give the uifortunate ai place in whllich to hide their shame. 'ITahe hem out WV out of the streets. Let there be a light in the window for even th'm. To Dr. Strong, the well-known pastarof tile Mi Australian Church, lMelbourne, has Ti recently spoken out very plainly on the Sunday Question. In an article from iis La pen he says:-" The fourth commandmniqt we held is still as binding as ever; porhlspa l? more so, in so far na it commandla iorcy and humanity. To make clerks or employes or oneself labour more than is compatible with thie hiealthy developiient ch of bndy, mind, arnd soul, is to break the at fourthl commandmeont as interprtied by the Spirit of Christ. This may not be a oil popular view, but it is true. And the ulan it who keeps his servants wrorkirg or works himself to all hours every night, and tien ( from Sunlday morning to Montlby morning puts up his shutters, may keop the lettor of the law, but breaks its spirit. And le who would nmake Sunday less a day of real rest (which often consists in varioty) to his fellow-mnen, by shutting up librausto ead nU railways, infringes also the law of tho Spirit oh of ifinranity whicth bilreathes in the fourth L cowmmundioenl, and in Christ's interpreta. b tion of it.'" 