THE BIONDMAN.* ANEWSAGA. BY HALL CAINE, Autr of "The Diemste" "A Son of laugr," "The Shadow of a drime," .etc., stc. CHAPTER XX. TIE PEACE OATL There was short shrift for ied Jason. He was tried by the court nearest the spot, and that was the criminal court over which ilhe Bishop in his civil capacity presided, with nine of his neighbours on the bench beside him. From this court an appeal was possible to the Court of the Quarter, miand again from theQuarter Court to the High Court of Althing; but appeal in this case there was none, for there was no de fence. And beeause Icelandic law did not allow of theimprisonment of a criminal until after he had becn sentenced anuinquest was called forth with, leot Jason should scmpe or compss the crime he had attempted. So the Court of In quiry sat the same night in the wooden shed that served both for Senate and House of Justice. The snow was now falling heavily, and the hour was late, but the courthouse was thronged. It was a little place-a phlin box, bare, featureless, and chill, with walls, roof and seats of wood, and foor of hard earth. Four short benches were raised, step above atop, againust the farthest side, and on tile highest of these the Bishop sat, with thrce of his col-. leagues Go cach ofthe tehree tows beneath him. The prisoner stood on a broad stool to the right, and the witnesses on a like stool to the left A wooden bIr crossed the room about midway, and in the open space between that and the. door the spectators were crowded to gether. The lhtce was lighted by candles, and some were fixed to the walls, others were held by ushers on the cond of long sticks, and a few were hung to the roof rafters by hemp ropes tied about their tmiddle. The floor ran like a stream, and the atmosphere was full of the vapour of the snow that was melting on the people's clothes. Nothing could be ruder than the court-house, but the court that sat there obh served a rule of procedure that was almost an idolatry of form. The prisonerwas called by the name of Jason, son of Stephen Orry, and having answered ina voice so hollow that it seemed to comeout of the earth bneiath himt he rose tohis place. His attitude was dull and tnpassive, and he seemed hardly tosc· the restless crowd that murmured at sight of him. His tall figure stooped,thre was a cloud on his strong brow, and a slow fire in his bloodlshot eyes, and his rod hair long as a woman's, hung in disordered masses dosn his worn cheeks to his shoulders. Tne Bishop, a venerable prelate of great age, looked at him and thought, " Thatman's heart is dead within The mouthpiece of the court was a middle aged man, who was short, had little piercinlg eyes, asquarebrush of iron-grey hair that stood erect across the top of his corded forehead, and a crisp, clear utterance, like the crackle of a I horsesi hoofs on the frost. Jason was charged with an attempt to take the life of Michael Sunlocks frst President of the second Republic. He did not plead and I had no defence, and the witnessesagainst him ke only in answer to the leading questions of The first of the witnesses was Greeba herself, and her evidence, given in English, was inter preted by an interpreter. Allherbrave strength was now gone. She trembled visibly. Her I eyes were down, her head was bent, her face was half-hidden by the hood of a cloak she woret and her tones were barely audible. She t had little to say. The prisoner had forced his I way into Government-house, and there, to her own face, had threatened to take the life of her husband. In plain words he had done so, and then made show of going in pursuit of her hus. hband that he might arr out his design. "Wait," said the Bishop, "your husband was not present ?" "No, said Greeba. " There was, therefore, no direct violence " t \- "None." t "And the whole sum of the prisoner's offence, so far as you know of it, lies m the use of the words that you have repeated ?" , Yea." Then, turning to the spokesman of the court, the old Bishop said- "There has been no overt act. This is notan attempt, but a threatto take life." " Your pardon, my lord." said the little man, h in his crisp tones. "I will chow that the prisoner is guilty of the essential part of murder itself. Murder, my lord," he added, "is not a merely to compass the destruction of a life, for a there is homicide by misadventure, there is justifiable homicide, and there are the rights, long recognised by Icelhmdic law, of the auvon. gers ofblood. Murderis to kill in secrecy and after long- iarlýoures malie, ncd ncow, my lord, I shall show that the prisoner has laiin wait toslay the President of the lRepublic." At that Greeba stood down, and other n witnesses followed her. Nearly everyone had been summoned with whome Jason had ex- 0 changed wordls since he anded eight diys t before. There ras the lean student who had ' told him of the drill at the Latin school, the o little tailor who had explained the work at the th gaol, the stuttering doorkeeler at the senatte house, and oneof the masons at the fort. Much t wasmade of the faintmg in the Cathedral yard on the Sunday morning, and out of the deaf landlady, the Cathedral caretaker, some start link disclosures seemed to be drawn. Still," saidthe old Bishop, "I se no- overt "Good gracious, my lord," said the little sJ spokesman, "are we to wait until the knife it self has been reddened 1" "God forbid," said the old Bishop. h Then came two witnesses to prove motive. P The first of them was the tilsy comrade of former days, who had drawn Jason into the 1 drinking-shop. He could say of his own know. 0 ledge that Jason was jealous of the new tl governor. The two were brothers in a sort of sh way. So people said, and so Jason had told him. They had the same father, but different Ic mothers. Jason's mother had been the daughter S of the old governor, who turned his back on her at her marriage. At her death he relented, and tt tried to find Jason, butcouldnot, and then took 81 up with Michael Sanlocks. People said that m wan the beginning of the now governeor's for tune. At all events Jason thought he had Ji been supplanted, was very wroth, and swore he qi woald be revenged. The second of the two witnesses pointed to a [I very different motive. He was one of the throe Danes who had twice spoken to Jason-the elderly man of the meek and quiet manner. Though himself loyal to the Icelandie Republic he bad been much thrown among its enemies. gi Jason was one of them; he came here as a spy direct from Copenhagen, and his constant aso- lii eates werThomren, an old white-headed man eo living in the High street, andPolvsen, a young hi and sallow mao, who kept one of the stres ht facming the sea. With these two Jason had as been herd by him to l:lan the anssa?s~intion of hi thePresident. di At this evidence t1..re was a deep murmur be amongthe people, and it was seen that Greeba se had rcen aain to her feet Her heart burned ev and storme iwihin her. She tried to speak bhut i: tould not. At that moment Jason tured his p bloodshot cyaes in hec direction, and then her e limbs gave way utder her, and shesa:khack lo with amoan. The court misread er emotion, it end she was removed. Jason's red eyrs fol lowedher coustantly. Il "This is a ease for the Warning, not for ds punishment," said the Bishop. " It is pllainly O written in our old Law Book that if a min u a threaten to slay another manle shall he warned i of the gravity ,f thie crime hIe onte:dlatcs y and of ithe peunalty attaching to it." y' "Gracious heavens, my lord," cried thie little " spokesman, " what reason have we to assome bl that this pnrisoner is ignorant of either ? Wsth a life to guard that is prized ly friends and precious to tie State shall we let this man go 3 free whohad sworn before witnessesto desitroy "God forfend," said the Bishop. h It was lawful to question thie prisoner, and yo oi he was questioned. t "Is it true thatyou have been lying in wait di to kill thle President ?" asked the spokesman. S But Jason made no answer. fc "Is it true that you Ihave done 00 from a de- y aim for personal vengeance t" No answer. i "Or from political motives ." ho answer. Orbotht' di Shtill no answer. tl Then the spokesman turned back to the hi court. "The stubbol n persistence ,f thle pri sener is easy to undertand," hlie aid, and tf mailed. " Wait," said the old Biihoi,, and he turnedl towards Jasoc. "Have you any valid idlea T g t h But Jason gal\e no sign. I "Listen," sid thie BIlishop. "Though the .man who compasses the destruction of single life is as thouih he had detroyed a world, for the posterity ofl hIim iwho is dead muight have t filled a world, set have all laws of men since the Pentateuch recognised certain comlitions that limit the gravity of thie crime. If theman who is slain has himscelf slain the near kindred of his slayer, though tihe law of Iceland would no longer lho!d him guiltless, as in the ancient ti cese when evil for evil was the rule and senh . * AlUrlghae rs-ur. - tence, neither would it punish him as ia lur derer, who must eat the bread and drink the water of misery all his days. Now what is true of murder must be true of intent to murder, and though I am loth to beliove.it ,, possible in this instauce, honouring and loving as we all do that good man whom you are clarged with lying m wait to kill, yet in my duty must I ask you the question --has Michael Sunlocks spilled blood of your blood, and is itas a redeemer of blood that you go Ie about to slay him '" at There was a dead hush in the little crowded in court-hoise as Jason lifted his hoavy, bloodsh!ot asl eyes to the Bishop's fate and answered, in a am weary voice, "' I hare nothing it say." of Then an oged Lutheran priest, who hlal snt rt within the mil, with a snul.-box is hlisi hand and in aeed print haadorchief across his knee, hobbled e- up to the witness stool and tendered evideu:e. w IIo could throw light on the prisoner's hatred of eo the President if it was true that the President -s was a son of Stephen Orry. He knew the pri. io soner, and had named him in lis baptism. HIe a- had known the prisoner'amother also, and had id sat with her at her death. It was quite true of that she was a daughter of the late Governor, and had beenbadly treated by her father. But to she had been yet more'badly treated by her as husband, who married again while she was :, still alive, and had another son by the other d wife. Oia her deathbed she had heard of this, tr and told the prisoner, who then and there, this s, witness being present, made an awful vow of if vengeance upon his father and his father's I. sou. The old priest was heard in silence, and his a words sent a quiver through the court-house. o Even Jason, who had shown no interest save t when Grecoa wasraemoved, lifted up his blood t shot eyes auginand listened. And the Bisolto. vibibly'moved, turned to I the court and si, "Let'iis put this prisoner Sback to bet tried by the High Court andthekLag mann." ° " What, my lord!" cried the little spskes a man, witha lofty look, "and set him at htberty Sin the meantime, to carry out the crime ho © threatens f" " Heaven forbid," said the Bishop. "Remember, until lie has been condemned we have no power to hold him," said the spokesman. The Bishop turned to an usher and said, f" Bring me the Statute Book," and the great tome was brought. The Bishopopened it and again turned to theltsoner. " The Almighty," said he, " created one man at the begnning to teach us that all men are brethren and the law of our old country provides that when two have had disputes and pursued each other on - a count of hatred, even as brethren they shall make peace before their neighbours. Now t listen to the words I shall read to you, and be ready to say if you will swear to them." Then a great silence fell upon the people,t while in solemn tones the old Bishop read the Peace Oath. " Te two shall be set at one and live friendly together, at meat and at drink, in the Althing and at meetings, at kirk prayers and in king's palace; and m whatever place else men meet ° together, there shall yo be so set at one, as if 1 this quarrel had never come between you. Yeo t shall share knife and meat together, and all c things besides, as friends and not as enemies." 1 The Bishop paused and lookedover his spec-a tacles at Jason, who stood as before, wi t the cloud on his brow and the slow fire inhis deep eyes,'but with no sign of feeling or interest. " Will you promise to swear to this, when he shall have returned who should swear to it with you f" said the Bishop. Then all eyes turned towards Jason, and there came across his face at that moment the look of a bated dog. "No,"he growled. t The spokesman shifted in his seat and the people grew restless. a "Listen again," said the Bishop, and his n long white beoard shook and his solemn voice ' rose to a shrill cry as lihe twisted back to the 8' book and read:- fi " But if one of you be so mad that he breaks this truce thus made, and slavs after pledges u have been made and his blade has reddened, he shall be an outlaw, accursed and driven away, h so far as men drive wolves farthest away. lie shall be banished of God and all good Christian ra men, as far as Christian men seek churchles, l as mothers bring forth sons, son calls mother, flames blaze up, mankind kindle tfire, earth is green, sun shines, and snow covers the ground ; he shall tie from kirk and Christian ment, God's houso and mankind, and from every homee save hell." '' Then thero was a pause and a grout hush, and the Bishop lifted his eyes from tie book and said-- I " Will you swear to it i" Again all eyes turned towards Jason, and againi his face, which had been impassive, took m the look of a bated dog.Ii " No, no, no !" he cried in a loud voi:e, and then the great silence was broken by deep murmurs. " It is useless," said the spokesman. " Ward. ings and peace oaths, though still valid, are the machinery of another age. This prisoner is not ignorant of the gravity of tihe crime he contemplates, nor yet of the penalty attacling to it." There was an audible murmur of assent from the people. " That's true," said one. "It's the truest word spoken to-night," said another. " The old man isall formercy,"said a third. "It isn't safe," said a fourth. And there was other whispering, and much nodding of heads and li shuffling of feet. st Encouraged by these comments the little o spokesman added "In any other country at this ago of the world a man who tacitly admitted a design to take life would be promptly clapped into prison." Ay, ay," the people muttered, but the , Bishop drew himself up and said, "In any other country a criminal who showed no fear of t the death that hung over him would be ha straightway consigned to a madhouse." to " We have no madhouse in this island, my leord," said the little spokesman, "save the SulphurMines, and there Iho mast go." " Wait," said the Bishop," and once again he turned to the prisoner. "If this court should to agree to ship you out of Iceland will you pro th mise never more to return to it iht For thie third time all eyes were turned on th Jason, but he did not seam to hear the Bishop's t question. ".Will youn promise?" said the Bishop w again. le " No," said Jason. "Dangerous trifling," said the spokesman. " When you seize a mad dog you strangle it." "Ay, ay," cried many voices at.once, and 15 great excitement prevailed. c The old Bishop drew back with a sighof re- co lief. He lovedMichael Sunlocks and had been mi eager to save him. He pitied Greeba, and for Si her sake also had been anxious to protect her wi husband. But from the moment he saw Jason pl and thought, " Thatman's heart is dead within him," his love had struggled with his sense of duty. As the trial went on he id remem- oa bered Jasoun and recalled lIis bitter history, and seized withl a stroag ybupathy he hald sitraied I every nerve to keep back his punishmenlCt. IIe ie had dlone all he could do, lie had nothing to re- tl proach himself with, and full of a deelp and secret joy ttithe ccrtainty of the safety of Sun- be locks, he nov fell back that tlh law might take tr its comu o. The Court wras counted out, and then Cite d: Ilslahop tuniel for the last time to Jaon, ntd of delivered judgmenat. ToThe sentence of this Court," lc saida, " is that you be removed froen (i here to the Sulllhur Mine;, and be keplt there six monaths certain, and as lollg thlreafteras you refuoo to take the Oath of l'eacepledgig lt yourself for ever, as long ts you live or thet t world endures, to be at oll vitla your enema y as It brothers before all ncta living." Now Greeta alone knew tile truth alout al J.eon. Wheatn she had fled frotm Mann without word or warning it had not been out offeari of ie him, hut of hlier brothers. 1cr tietint g w ithr Midheol Sunlocks. her short stay with the good do old Bishop t I'ctersen. her marria;ge and tle i festival that followed, had lassed hier by like a dream. Thenu ttIe the first shlort parting writh t Sunlocks hien he Iad aid, " I must lea1veoyou c for a fortnight, for tite men I sent iin search of your father have blundered and returned writh out him." She had cried a little at thalt, and t hlie lhad kissed hler, nd madtle a brave show of hIisourage, though she could se te the tars in his own big shinang eyes. But it was all a e dream, a sweet and 1appy dIream, and only by dc the coming of Ju;son haid the drearn been Iroken. Then follsorel her terror, hier Ilea, ier far d for her husbandl's life, her defitance of Jason, and tIhe charge she made against him. And the firSt burst of her pssioi over, she co had thought to herself, " Dy husband is safe, Ie but ason will nows tell allan I ohall be a lost h and ruined woman," for nothing ehad she yet said to Micael Suulocks coneecring the man go who had wooed and won and releosed ier durilng tie long years of his cilence andt her N trouble. " lie will hear the story now," ho shi thoughlt, " andnot.from my owa hpis but from s Jason'ae." s Being then so far immersed shte could not but kh go on, uLd io slte lied allowed ihercelf to in led to to the court-houst. No one there had thought ya to ask hler if sheo had knowrn anything of Jasono before that day, and she on her part had said J nothlng of knowing him. But when Jason had d ur I looked at her with eyesof reproach that nsome l the to go through her soul, he seeml:l to be saying. is ''"This is but half truth. Dre you not tell to tho rest ?' it IrThen listening to the lving of other wit. ing neoses, anti looking un nt J'so:l's farco, so full of are pain, and soeing holt silent Ihe was under cruel my perjuryi she remembered Ithat this man's worst has crime had been his love of her, and so she stag. od, gered to her feet to confess everythling.. go When she catme to herself after that, she was tback in her own home-lher new home, the hd Iome of her Ippiry dreim, her hussurl's lhom rot and hers. and there her lirat fear returned to a her. "rIte will tell all," she thought, "and evil tonrurs will make it worse. and shlam will sat fall Ipon my hlusbandtl, and I shell hbe lost, lost, rrd lost." led Sie waited with feverish impatience for the :o. coming of the iishopl to tell her the result of of the trial, and at length he camo. at "What have they dona with thim " she ri cried; and Ie told her. le "What deflnce did ho make f" she asked. ad "None," said the llishop. no " What did he say ?" she asked again. "r, "Not a word but' No,'" said theo Bishop. ut Then she drew a long breath of immense re er lief, sd at the net instant she reproached her. as sel How little of ersl lse hal beeen! Ant or hlow great of heart had been Jason ! He is, could ave wrercked her life with a wont, but is he had held his peace. Site had sent him to of prison, and ralhoer than smite hie lad suffered 's himself to be sm:nitteu. She felt herself small and mean. tin And the Bishop, havin, as he thought, e. basnished Greela's terror, iobbled to the door, 0r for now the hour was very hte, and the snow Swasast'lfalling. " The poor oul will d6oydi~r good husband no to mishiefsnowe. Poor lnd!'mer iolad! After all, lr he is more fit for a madhouso than for a prison. 1 ' Good niglt, my child good night." And so the good old mas went his way. s' It was intended that Jason should start for ti the sulpdur mines the following day, and he was lodged overnight in alittle house of deten. tion tlmt stood on the south of the Hligh street. But the snow continued to fall the whole night I il through, and in the morning thUe roads were se impassable. Then it was decided to postpone s tl'o long journey- until the storm should have ' 11 passed, the frost sot in, and the desolate white it wastes to be crossed become harn and firm. It c was now Wednesday of the second week in 1 October-the Gore month- and the Icelanders a were already settling down to the long rest of sv the Icelandie winter. The merchants began 'e to sleep the livelong day in their deserted stores in the checapsted, and the bonders, c II who had come up wit the last of their stock, s to drink anmid doze in the taverns. All that day 0 the snow fell in fine dust like flour, until, white as it was, the air grew s, dark with it. At the lato dawn of the t o next day. the snow was still falling, and I a siolent gale had then risen. Another and another, and yet anotlher day. went by, Sand still the snow fell nod the gale continued. s For two days there was no day light, antd only it atnoon through the giddy sr a Icry glow burned for an hour along the southern sky and a then went out. Nothing could be seen oa fell I II or fiord, and nothing could be heard save the v baying of the hlounds at night, and the roaring a of the sea at all times, for the wind made no a noise in the soft snow, but drove it along in n sheets like silent ghosts. Neverbefore had Greeha seen anytllhing so terrible ;" and still more fearful than the great a snow itself was the anxiety thatit brought her. n Whore was Michael Sunlocks ? Where was her p father ? There was only one other whose conn. dition troubled her, and she knew too well where he was-he was lying in the dark cell of a the dark house in the High street. While the storm lasted all Rteykjavik lay asleet, and Greeba could do nothing. But one morning, when she awoke and turned to the (1 window, as was her wont, to learn if the weary n snow was still fulling, she could see nothing at v first for the coating of ice andhoar-frost that £ covered the glass. But the snow had ceased, n the wind had fallen, the air was clear and the light was coming. The buildings ti of the town, from the cathedral to the b oevels of the fishing quarter, looked like t snow mounds in the desert; the black waste of t lava was gone ; the black heach was gone ; the b black jioulls were gones; tie black headland I was gone that had stretched like a giant hand t of many fingers into the black fiord; but T5 height abovo height, and length beyond length, as far as from sea to sky and from sea to tea, the world lay lifeless and silent and white around hier. • , i,. 'then Uho town being*once more ririik, j Greebabhad news of Jaeon. It came through b a little English maid, whom Sunlocks had k found for her, from Oscar, the young d man who had gone out in search of her father and returned without him.ris Jason wsm ill. Five days he had eaten nothing, and nothing had he drunk except water; He was in a fever-a brain fever-and it was now known for certain that he was the man who had fainted outside the cathedral on the marriage i morning, that he had been ill ever sineo then, and that the druggist of the High street 1d had bled him. With these tidings reebha hurried away to the bishop. " The poor mad has brminfever," she said. m "He was ill' when he made the threat, and wren he recovers he will regret it. I am sure he will-I know he will. Set him at liberty, for mercy's sake," she cried; and hr she trembled as she spoke, lest in the fer vour of her plea the bishop hould read her I secret. But he only shook his head and' looked tenderly down at her, and said very gently, though every word went to her heart like a stab: w "Ah, its like a good womanto plead forone who has injured her. But no, my child no ; it w may not be. Poor lad, no one now can do any. thing for him save the President himself ; and he is not likely to liberate a man who lies in wait to kill him." th " He is likely," thought Greeb, and straight. way she conceived of a plai. She would go ,to Jason in his prison. 'Yes, she herself would go to him, mid prevail with him to put away all to thoughts of vuengeance ad be at ycace wither it husband. Then she would wast for the -re- Ta turn of Michael Sunlocks, and plead with th that dear heart that could deny her nothing, hi to grant her Jason's pardon. Thus it would come about that she who had stood bo. cc ween these two to separate them, would at length stand between them to bring them to- s gether. Ic So thsting, and crying a little, like a true to woman, at the prospect of so much joy, she Iii waited for Jason's recovery that she nmight w carry her purpose into elffect. Meantime, she at contrived to send him jellies and soups, such as so might tempt the appetite of a sick man. Je She thought she sent them secretly, but wi with less than a woman's wit shr em-. c ployed a woman on her errand. This wi pe?son was the little English maid, and she co anded over the duty to Osur, who was her ge sweetheart. Oscar talked oilly of whliat Ie he was doing, and titus all lteytjrvik tkne that al tihe tendere.earted young wi feof the Governor lo held cormmuuieation of sosel sort with the man whom sl he had sent to jail. Thlcn oee lday on hearing that Jason was oR better, though neither uas he rso Wcll as to dr travel nor wua tthe snow hard enougSh to walk ye iupon, Grebts stole acrosss o the pInson ir the p dark of tlhe afiternoon, a syinrg nothinrg to anyone of hier isiaionor irntcntion. The stuttering doorkleeper of the Senate was the jailor, :rd hlie betrared great concere wrieI a Grceb:ol asked to scu hris pIrrisoner, howiig by hlis 'i gflsstly. looks, for his words wrould not coume, i thatit wrould be rith on hier lpart, after lhelping de so Imuch towards JasonIs iupriTeonLenet, to trust Di herself in hisi preencie. af " But iwhat have I to fear " siee thought; I and withsa bravo mile, bshto puhed her way th thlrough. She found Jason in a square lox built of fl Iheavy piles, laid lrorizontally both for walls and o roof, dark aid damp and msuggy, lighted by fo day by a hole in tIhe wood not larger than a tia nan's hand, and in the nighttby asputtering St candle hung, from the rafters. HLe sat on a stool; his face was worn, hIi head was close i ecei'rtcd to reiecve tie hait of trio hrai, anid un ye thlct: iyu ty his ile sIi lay il tiu red harir, slorug as his miother'a wras rriwhen it fell to the shears cy tle Jew onthe whalirf. Ilegave io oigsi wheni Greota entered,thought 1: lto knIow she was thlere, bat sat withl his face t doerwn nld one lFirtd on thie table. o Js Jaonr, sIe r:idd, "I asr ashamed. It is I i etreo havel brolght you to this. Forgive ine- k forgive ie! fiat r htluIrlrl's life wasi in Stil hIe gave nio rigi. a I Jasonr," shesaid againi, 'y vouhive teap:l ru coals of ire on rny lhead; for I have dore ie nrotthing but injure you, and though you emight lrae done as muchn for nreyou never have." so At that thie lirgers of his hand on thie table Im grasped the etceof it convulsively. " Gut, Jasor," she said, " all is not lost yet. fr No, for I can save you still. LiLten. You l sratll give e m yoir lrrmie to mriahe peacewithlt is lri hbueharrd ;rrtrtdrvcur mhuribandl returns lie lii wall ghrat ire your parrdor. 01,, yee, I sri know Ile rill, for Ie is tercter- lwartred, ind St hre will forgiveo you; ys, he srill forgive lst yon-- hu " My curse on him and his forgiveness,"cried Iw J Jaun, lei.ng nrddryl~ ona Lbheirig .' fiat ne down on the table, h"Whosthethathit hoald yc el forgive me It has nta been for his sake that I have been silent with the devil at my side urging m e to speak. And for all that you have gme to suffer he shall yet pay double. it. Let it go on;' let him send me away; of let him bury me athis minaes. But I shall live e to fIed himn yet. Somethilng tells mo that. I t shall not dil until I iharvo met with that man g. face to face." And Greeba went back home with those mad a worls riliging in her ears. "Itis uselessto te try,"' sie thought "I have done all I can. ao y husband is before everything. I shall say to sothllilg to him now. id Non? the lecsshe cried very bitterly, and was i still crying when at bedtime her little English itmaid came up to her and chattered of the news of the slav. It seemed that some Danish so storekeepers on thre cheapstoad had lately of been arrstol las spies, brought to trial and con demned. so When Greets awoke next" morning, after a restless night, while the tewn still lay asleep, and onlytli croak of the ravensa from the rocksa above the florl broke the silence of: the late dawn, she heard the hollow tread of many footsteps on the frozen snow of the Thingvellir road, and peering out . through the. window, which was coated , with hoar frost, she saw a melancholy , Procession. Three men, spalrsely clad in thin tunics, snow stoekings, and skin caps, walked Sheavily in file, eliaiunid together, hand to hand i andl eg to leg, with four armed warder, closely Smulled to the cars, riding leisurely beside them. They were prisoners bond for the sul. phur mines under IHeckla. The first of them was Jasos, andl he swung along with his long stride and hiis shoer head throwni hack and his pallid face held up. The other two were old Thompscn and young Polvelen, tholeDanish storekeepers. It wias more than Geeba could bear to look upon that sight, forit brought ack the memory of that other night on that other morning, when Jason came leaping down to her from the r mountanls, overgorsoeandcushagand I edgeand ditch. So shelturned her head away and covered her eyes with her hands. And then seso-two \--three-four-the heavy footsteps went over the snow. The next thing she knew was that her E English maid was in her bedroom, saying, 5 "Some strangers in the kitchen are asking for 5 you. They are Englishmen, and have just come ashoro; and they call themselves your brothers." CHIAPTER XXI. TiLs t'ltnneoeTueIs. Now wlhetheFalirrothersconcltdedthatthey I could never giverest to their tender consciences until they had done right by their poor sister Greeba they set themselves straightway to con sider the ways and means. Ballacraine they must sell in order that its proceeds might be taken to Greeba as her share and interest; but Ballaernine belonged to Jacob, and another provision would forthwith need to be made for him. So after much arguing and some nuig. ing across the hlearth of thle kitchen at Logue it was decided that each of Jacob's five brothersI should mortgage his farm to one.sixth its value, and that the gross sumof their five-sixths should I be Jacob's for his share. This arrangement t would have the disadvantageof leaving Jacob t without land, but he showed a magnanimous spiritin that relation. " Don't trouble about me," said he, " it's sweet and nice to do a kind. I ness to your own brothers." And four of his brethern applauded that sentiment, but Thurstan curled up his red f nose and thought: "Aw, yes. of coerse, a I powerful big boiler of brotherly love the little1 miser keeps going under his weslkit" And having so decided they further con. I eluded to see the crops off the ground, and then h lose no time in carrying out their deslgn. " Let's wait for the melya," said Asher, mean J ing the harvest-home, "and then off for Marky n the Lord." The person who went by thnis i namo was one Stark Skillicoron, an ad. n vacato of tamsey. wsho combined the ta functions of pettifogger with those of y moneylender and auctioneer. Marky the u Lord was old and plausible and face tious. He was a distant relative of the Fair brothlers bythe side of their mother's French It family ; and it was a strange chain of circum stances that no big farmerever got into trouble u but he became a client of Marky the Lord's, that no client of Mark's theLord's did not in the end go altogether to thebd, and thatpoor g Marky the Lord never had a client who did not die in Isis debt. Nevertheless MarkytheLord grew richer as his losses grow heavier, and more y facetious as his years increased. Oh, he was a fuonnsy dog. was Marky the Lord; but there war funtor" still, and that was Jacob Fir. brother. This thrifty soul had for many a year kept a nest of private savings, and even in the t days when he and his brethren went down to nmake a poor mouth before their father at Cas tletown he had money secretly lent out on the ii conscientious iuterest of only 3 per cent. above the legalrate. And thus it chanced that when lallacraine T was advertised in big letters on every barn door in the north of Mann, Jacob Fairhrother went down to Marky the Lord, and made a private se bargain to buy it inlugain. So when the day of the sale came, and Murky the Lord strode over in the fields with some thirty men-farmers, minors, advocates, and parsons-at his heels, f and then drew up on the roadside by the Hlibernian, and there mounted the till-board of is a eart for the final reckoning. little Jacob was too much moved to be present, though Iis brothers were there, all gloomhng around on la the outside of thegroup, withtheir hanlsintheir Iu breeches pockets. si Ballacraino was knocked down cheap toase.e body that nobody knew, and then came the so work of the mortgages; so once again Jacob a went off to Marky the Lord, and hargainedto be made mortgagor, though no one was to be a I witthewiser. And 10l per cent. he was to get from each of his five brothers for the use of tlie s money which next day came back to his own e: hands. di Thus far all was straight dealing,but with tc the aroach of ti time tto o Icelandtho w complications grew thick. Jaoeb had o hus- ti banded his money that while seeming to spend in .he still possessed it, and now lie was troubled m to know where to lodge that portion of pi it which he should not want in Ice land and might find it unsafe to take there. And while he was in the throes of w his uncertainty his brothers-all save John tl -were in the travail of their own big con ception. NewAsher, Stean, Rose,and Thurstan,having cads made up his uind that he would go to Iceland also, ad to consider how to get there, p for their latehargaining had left them all pen- t dless. The proceeds of the sale of Ballacraine were lodged with Jacob for Greeba, and Jacob I also held as his own what had come to each li man from his mortgage. So thinking that A Jacob must have more than he could he want they approached him one by one, were the lies they told in, for they dare not w confessthdit their sole need of money was to ys go to Ioelasd after hIhn, and watch him that re he did not cheat thesu when Greeba sent them at all their fortuanes il return for their brotherly to loreof ier. • hi Thus eAsler took Jacob aside and vwhispered, "I'm morthal hard pressed for amatter of live fe and tlirty tousid, hey--just five and thirty, for druiniss asd feocicg. I make eld to ttih vi you'll lend the like of it,'and 0 per cent. Ill be ti "Ah S m'it do it, Asher," said Jacob, " for old Marky the Lord has stripped me." c Then camse Sleal, plucking a hit of ling i and looking careless, antd he said, " I've got a as fine thinison now. I can buy ayoke of plugh. e issg oxeos for thirty pound. "Only thirty and a l dead bargain. Can you lend ne the bras? so But whlislt's the word, for Ross is sneaking G after them." w "Very sorryt , Stan," said Jacob, " but Lotess lhaseeen I'~r sfore you, and I've just lent him to the monsy." loss limself eane neat and said, "Iborrowed I five-and-twenty pound from Stean a bit back, I and heo' not abovne threatening to sell me up for a dirtylittle debt like that. Maybe ye'd tide me over the troub'o and say nothing to St?un." I Make veour oiid easy, flo.s," said Jacob. A "Stein told me himself, ausd I've paid hins all you owe him." oSo these itwo went their ways and thereafter te eyed each othler threatesingly, but neither ldare explode, for both ihad their eceret fear. And w last of all canie Thurstan, made well drunk for of the better sulpport of his courage, andt he n nmaudled andcnied. " What d'ye think ? Poor A Ballabieg is dlead--him that used to' play the tiddle at churclh-- andl tlhe ld parson wants mse to take i::!tlsteg's plce up in the gallery loft. Says 1I'd b'e woiderful goo:nt tthe viol-ba'ns. I fo wouldln't mind doing llitiit Ieitler, oniIy it o'sts suchla power of mo:ney, a viol-bass doe --twlensy ti ipunds seaylbc." te S'e1ll, waist of that ?" said Jacob, interrupilit inlg him, " the plarcou ssys he1ll lend you the moncy. IIe tohl se sohinself." tl WitIh suchi shrewl d 'Inswers did Jaob esmape from the danger of leedisig to his lrothersc, 11 whom hlie could niot trust. But hlie lost no timel ingoisgudown to .Marky the Lord and ofiering to his monesy to ta lout out oi ilterest with good at security. lihowing sothling of this, Asher, us Stcia, Rioss, and Thssltan each in his turi sp stole down to Maurky the Lord to lorrow thte sum he needed. And Mary the Lord kcpt his ovwns i uworthr coussel, asd showed Ilo uwiso eager- . noe. irthe ead to Jacob, "I ca lend out your money on good security." 'to at "Who to ?" said Jacob. Ia "That 'vo given m?o word not to tell. What in iltorest do you want f' a. "Not less thou twelve per cent," said the temperato Jacob., re "ll get it," said Marky the Lord, and Jacob vI went away \with a sly sai 'b . "n Tllen sald Marky the Lord to each of the borrowers iu turn. 'I can find you the nd monep ." to "? o is it F" asked Asher, who came the u. first. iy "That I've sworn not to tell," said Murky the Lord. s "What interest?" S"Only four er cent to ray friend." s Well,and that's reasonable, and ho's a right h honest, well-meaning man, whoever he is,"' said ly Asher. . "That he is, friend," said Marky the Lord, " but as he had notgotthe money himself he a had to borrow it of an acquaintance, and pay p, ten per cent for the convenience." as " Soho wants fourteen per cent !"criedAsher. to "Shoo! Lord save us! Oh, the graspingmiser. a! It's outrageois. I'll not pay it-the Nightman f fly away with me if I do." It "You need be under no uneasiness about d that," said Murky the Lord, "for I've three ly other borrowers ready to take the money the n moment you any you won't. d l Hand it out," said Asher, and away he it wont, fuming. S 'flea Stula, Ross, and Thuratan followed one by one, and each ?Ohaved as Asher haot I. done before him. When the transaction was n complete, and the time had come to set sail for g Iceland, many and wonderful were the shift of a thy four who had formed the secret design to d conceal their busy preparations. But when all h was complete, and berths taken, all six in the same vessel, Jacob and Gentlemen John rode k round the farms of Lague to bid a touching y farewell to their brethren. " Good-bye, Thurstan," said Jacob, sitting oa n the cross-board of the cart. " Weo've had arguments in our time, and fallen on some d rough harm in the course of them, but we'll o meet for peace and quietness in heaven some r day." AWe'll meet before that," thought Thurston. r And when Jacob and John were gone on towards Ramsey, Thurstan mounted the till r board of his own cart, and followed. Mean. t time Asher, lteau, and Ross were on their r journey, and because they did not cross on the road they came face to face for the first time, all six together, each lugging his kit of clothes behind him, on the deck of the ship that was to take them to Iceland. Then Jacmb's pale face grew livid. "What does this mean F" he cried. "It means that we can't trust you," said Thurstan. "None of you F" said Jacob. "None of us, seemingly," said Thuratan, glcing round into the confused faces about "What! Not your own brother?" said I Jacob. "' Nearis my shirt, bt neareris my skin,' as the saying is," said Thurstan, with a sneer. "' Poor once, poor for ever,' as the saying is," mocked Jacob. "Last week you hadn't I twenty pound to buy your viol-bass to play in the gallery loft." i Stean laughed at that, andJacob turned hotly I upon him. " And you hadn't thirty pound to Syour yoke of oxen that Ross was sneaking h after." Then Ross made a loud guffaw, and Jacob r faced about to him. "And maybe you've paid hack your dirty five-and-twenty jound that t Stean threatened to sell you up for r" Then Stean glowered lhard at Ross and Rossn looked black at Steha, and Asher almost burst t his sides with laughter. " And you, too, my dear eldest brother," said h Jacob, bitterly, "you have the advantage of a me in years but not hr wisdom. You thouught, like the rest of theli, to get the money out of I me, to heli you to follow me and watch me. So a that was It, was it ? But I was too much for you, my dear brother, and you had to go else. it where for your draining and ditching." h "So Ihad, bad eess to you," said Aaher; a "mid 14 per cent. I had to pay for the shabby loan I got" f, At that Stean and Ross and Thurstan pricked 11 up their ears. " And did 0you pay 14 per cent?" said Stean. k " I did, had cess to Marky the Lord, and the b grasping oldmiser behind hurm, whoever he is." tl And now it was Jacob's turn to look amazed. ft "Wait," he said; "I don't like the look of n you." ,. "Then shut your eyes," said Thurstan. C "Did Mi[nrkthLordleond you the mh6nyP" "Ay, he did," said Asher. "And you, too?" saidJacob, turningstifly a to Stean. "Ay," said Stean. "And you F" said Jacob, facing .towards Ross. "I darn say no," said Ross. C "Andyou, us well I" uidd Jacob, confronting el Thurstan. h "Why not ?" said Thurstanl. n "The blockhead!" cried Jacob. "The Q scoundrel!- It was mymoney-- mine-mine, I a tell you, and ho might as well have pitched it to into the sea." I Then the four men began to double their le fists. li "Wait!" said Asher. "Are you the grasp ing young miser that asked 14 per cent. ?" it "HIe is, clear enough," said bteau. a t" WVell," said Thurstan, " I really think- a look you, boys, I really do thtlk, but I speak n underc rractron-lreally think, all things cn- ci sidered, this Jacob is a damned rascal." " I may have the advantage of his in years," s said Asher, doubling up his sleeves, "but if I can't-" "Go to the devil," said Jacob, and he went at below, boiling hot with rage. n, It was idle to keep up the quarrel; for very It soon all six were out on the high seas, bohndto each others' company at bed and board, and doomed to pass the better part of a fortnight a0 together. So before they came to Iceland they were good friends after their fashion, though hi that was perhaps the fashion of cat and mouse, 1i and being landed at Rleykjavik they were once di more in their old relations, with Jacob as pursebearerand spokesman. hi "And now listen," saidthatthriftyperson. "What's it saving? 'A bird in the hand is 5w worth two in the bush.' We've got our bird in hi the hand, haven't we ?" hi "So we have," said Asher; "six hundred it goolden pounds that Ballacraine fetched at the Ir sale." i "Just so," said Jacob; " and before we I part with it let us make sure about the two in IN the bush." With that intention thel started inquiries, as ni beht they could, torchng the position of Muicmel Sunlocks, his salary and influeonce. do Anl in spite of the difficulties of language they heard and saw enough to satisfy them. Old in 'Iceland was awakening from a bad dream of m three bad centuries and setting to work with a will to bemmo a power among the States; the ni young President, Michael Sunloeks, was the i restorer and protector of her liberties; fame i and honour were before him, antd before all who laid atand to his plough. This was what they in heard in many jirgons on every side. a "It's all right," whispered Jeacob, " and now di for thie girl." Ihoy had landed late in the dlyof Oreeha's to visit to Red Jason at thie little hiouse of de'en- t tion, anrd Iad htirdl of hier marriage, of.irs ir festivities, and of the attemlt on the lifo of the oa President. But though tiy kinews that Jason Ii was no longer in Mann thoy were too mulch 1 inuersed i, their own vast schemes to puttwo i and two together, untilnext norning thove cam al upon thlrsadpro?ession bound for the Silphur tt lMmes, and saw that Joson was one of the pri- tl soners. They were then on their way to at Government-house, and Jacob said with a to wink, "Boys, that's worth remembering. t VWhen did it do any harm to tmvo two strings 'I to your bow i" Thliothers laIghed at that, and John nudged Thuratln and said, "Isn't he a hay I" And l Thurstan grunted and trudged on. usa sout oavsus.) i 