The iVai'racoorte Institute. fGnoBOx 'AshI The heading to this article may be ob jected to as being a prophesy rather than a statement of fact. To the majority of the Committeemen who are striving to bring present laws and name into agree ment with present needs such an objec tion, if it be made, would be a happy augury ; for as Kincmiy is a name of the past, having now few and feeble associa tions of ideas, and as Narrucoorte now represents tile sum of local facts and life aud hopes, so it may be said that the old rules of the Institute which somehow cam into being in the, long ago when Narra coorte had scarcely won its District Coun cil, have been outgrown and are now as unsuitable to the-necessities and wishes of the present race of subscribers as the archaic appellation of Kincraig to indicate a town, which four-fifths of its residents know only as Narracoorte. To show that this is so, conclusively I hope in any ' ease and as fully as the space available to me will permit, is the primary object of these linus, the uitimate object being to prepare the subscribers who will go to vote next Thursday with at least an out line of the facts material to the issue then to be decided. The Institute is not strictly | a public property, but it has sufficient to do with the convenience and pleasures of j some 600 or 800 of the District population ! to be entitled for once to a column or ' two in a newspaper which is open .to every, matter of public interest. ' The motive which leads to subscribing I to the Institute, is "of con'rse a defiire to obtain books from the library, to see ! papers in the reading-room and to share ! the .other benefits connected with the two. In obtaining these advantages the sub scriber soon finds that he is directly 'in terested in by-laws and the election and conduct of a Committee us without man agement the institution's value and use fulness wouId d wiodle'-away. This reason able desire of 'the subscribers to appoint their own representatives .'to manage the Institute is the direct and only cause of next Thursdays meeting which has arisen through- the thajority of them finding that Under the-wo rising of-the present system of management-thetr power and control over their own Institute 1b practically limited to the Using up of a number of "voting papers annually, as there has been nothing they have doneor attempted to do which has not been - liableat any moment to be | prevented by "the unproved statement; that it is beyond their powors. Some times even the prohibition has fallen so quickly as even to interrupt a discussion - among the Committee as to whether they should do anything before they had even time to decide whether they would or not. As a matter of fact the Committee have done many hundred of things with out interference from the Trustees, but they have never bad the certainty that there would be no such interference. The effects of this have been that some men who after being elected by sub scribers to assist in the management find they have absolutely no power of manag ing, have become disgusted and have quickly left an alleged Committee, which must shrink up from any side on which it might be touched by some Trustees, who never quote any authority, except the one that is now generally referred to as the *' exploded myth." Others have pro tested in a res«Itless way for years ; a thtrd lot have accepted the situation and have degenerated into mere routine "df passing accounts (which according to re peated rulings they had no power to incur) and othep small matters which could have beenas well managed by a paid Librarian ; and the remaining- few, like Mr. Wain wright, from whose" actions the present movement has immediately grown, de veloped a pugnacity for their rights, which frequently led to lively times at the Committe meetings. The above is one side of the trouble. On the other hand the Trustees could com plain, starting from their reading of the rules, that what are their rights and duties have been frequently attacked by Cold mitteemen and that froratiitfe tb titoe" they have given up odd pieces of the management to prevent the nearly con stant disagreements growing to unseemly extent. It" is this fact—that "practically the whole of the present Committee, ex clusive of the eat officio members, "and many past Committeemen believe that the rujes give all the managing power to the Committee, while four- fiftbs-of the TrOs teea, who are quite as much interested' in the Institute, claim that under this rules all the management is under their "control —that shows there must be something indefinite in the rules to produce audi contradictory impressions and tbii fact, which is at least one thing incontrovertible, is sufficient reason for adopting new roles which shall leave no doubt as to the nature of the very foundation of the management of the subscribers' property. - - Two ways were possible in which this difference of opinion could hb ended. One was to point out to the shsciibereJ what is wrong and ask them to end it in j the simple, easy and effectual way which j will be suggested on Thursday 'evening. ! The alternative was to keep the present admittedly imperfect rules ahdJ fbr- the opposing parties to fightToutftheir differing' interpretations until one-side was proved t authoritatively to be right. Asa dialectical exercise such a contest might, be-mentally profitable, but the victory would be a barren one..'and after much- expense m money and' time and possible disorgan ization of the ordinary work' -of the Institute, nothing more would "be gained tban can be obtained in. one hourat a subscribers' meeting, where all who choose can work together in changing the present for better rules instead of - evolving seme thing better from the conflict of opponents* As always, I gave my vote for peaceful methods, thinking.the other-would be no justifieduiitil.it is shown* to be the only way left. Bnt as some opposition may be expected to every proposal it appears neces sary to sbow at least a prima facie c&ae; of the right of the ComiMttee'axjontenUbn as a proof that there was. reason for "the* pro posal now made it being however dis tinctly understood that 'the desirableness of adopting the new rules is qpite- inde pendent of which' "of . the two present bodies is right, as the removal'of the groand of disagreement is in. itself rwortb all the tronble new being taken-V ~ 1\. For many years the. Trustees have made claims which have amounted to say ing that the committee elected by the sob scnbers either have absolutely no power of management over the -Institute at all, or such a small extent of authority that it becomes highly-ridiculous to elect eleven men to do So little, and that the Trustees are elected for life aud cannot in any way be interfered; with or got rid of. -Proofs of this assertion could : be - extended in definitely. One instance of such nclaim would logically be enough, buTjhy-follov^ ing are given- as. sa.uijjlis viliiti the minute books contain in .profusion-.--:At the April,. 1S89, meeting it wasrnled that the Committee had no right to tnove or consider a motion for reducing thecharges for the use of the Hall; At the March, 1889, meeting it Was formally1 slated by the Secretary on behalf of the Trustees that the whole of everything^connected, vi th the Institute is v< sted in the Trustees but that by an arrangement '(date not mentioned)-they allowed, the Couiini:tee#to manage the Library and iCwadiug "roonr At the same metting it was ruled fliat the Committee had no power to1de<iiuV"that rent received for the Hall, should go to tlie general fund of the Institute.,. At the Jebr ruary, 18S9, meeting it was ruled that the Committee had no power to order uew lamps for the Reading room, and the motion was changed into a suggestion to the Trustees. The same evidence runs right through the records. Looking at Mie first old meeting that com, S to band, find it stated that on September 13, 881, a long and angry discussion took place in Committee on the Trnstees usurp ing all the power Worth -having and Messrs. E. E. Davies, A. J. Davies, Rnm hall, Ash and o;Iters objected to the pracl tise of the Trustees, wbicli is identica-. with the practise that the present Com mittee are moving .against, so it w ill die seen that this thread of disagreement runs thronoh the whole niece. 2\. At various times these claims',have been based oil. (а) A Trust deed. ? "' " ' (б) Act 16 of 1874. ' (c) Act 296 of 1833-4. 1 ; (d) The rules. - .* I put the Trust Deed argument (nowde ceased) first because it was the most terfi-" ble and very powerful wliile.it livedo Many a time and oft I myself hajto been utterly squelched by this Trust D&ed; {since dead) and many a promising argument In Com mittee has been stifled into sudden aUsPbel by the' mere mention of its name. . For years it was a common Jhing to^sayJ;hat certain-matters could r»ot;be undertaken by the Committee because the Trust ■ Deed prohibited or because it said the Trustees and' not the Committee must deal with those subjects. "Generally those statements were made, indefinitely (but none the less effectively) as if the' Trust Deed were too sacred to be touched openly, similar to the custom of- some peo ples who have names for their Gods, which are never to be prouonnced :but always referred to be paraphraBticaliy.^ , But I distinctly remember St least two 'meetings of the Committee when Mr. H. Smith, S.M-i the then Paesident, Said distinctly, without any qualification that~:tbe Tmst Deed gave the Trustees-powere'^above the Act aud the rules, whiichli was then endea-' vorinar to use in support of adme.icbuten tion>as to the Committee's powets. With such a power hidden away in;reaerve re form was impossible and nothing but easily quelled rebelliora oocurredw - Others and myself several times - expressed: a passionate longing to^see this' -Protean bogey, but it uever came forth.-3 As the Committeeman who has been 'ruled-out of order the greatest number of times on account of this nebulbdtjq-lfcnow gives me the liveliest, satisfaction to assure sub scribers that the Trust Deed is now-so very dead that there is not the remotest fear of its ghost appearing at next Thursday's meeting. It died this year and its death was brought about by a Committeeman, Mr. Wallace, I believe, succeeding in ex tracting a promise that the Deed shonld be produced at the next meeting. When the time came no Trust Deed was visible and the trustees explained its non-ap pearance by the fact that on searching it had been found one never existed. I hay-e no wish to dwell on the ethics of this branch of the subject, but merely remark that had it been known there was uo Trust Daed the present rules would have been altered five or six years ago. For my present purpose claim So." I mnst be wiped out. 3\. Act No. Id of 1874 is completely "dis posed of by clause 51 of Act 2$6 of 1883 4\. which without ambiguity Repeals the whole of llj. of 1874 " provided, tfrgt such repeal shall not affect the YaUdity ofanjf ruleB or rej^iUtionB^eretofore^made: l^y' any Institute under ih© provisions of tjiic Suburban andConntry Institutes' Act of"" 1874^' A . ... -4; Act 296 of 1883-4 is/now^the pnrl cipalAetoiitbis subject. The^nly ,j»rt. of it material to the present Mle^a clause ' 27\. which saya; " The tneinbeisof u> Jas&Wejany; 'ttaii time to time, at a general meeting. of suob members duly convened by public notice of the objectof-sncbiiieet Iftg, appoint or elect proper persona to_- be Tins-" —„ the office, shall continue to be Trustees j... •period ttnd with Kuch powers, and -ditties. ~ai sunr.tf ^prescribed bytuty rider or Testations j/ehifJiJSwvMB time being mayregulate the qfairsof /dch IfisytutfS ; 'That aiffectuaUy disposes., ol jhe argd montastp tljcitumoYabitityo^f niafeeTfir* geuemlvandalso (subject to ad.^amina^ tion of the existing rules) of the* fueseiat'. Trustees. This Act is amended by 341 of 1885, of which the only part bearing on this, matter clause "5? ^»icJr^Yys\the subscribers of any Instlmtirp^er'H^ at, any time, make, alter, rescind or amend rnles in. any; direction, so .Ira^as^ tjier principal Act. is not opposed. ^ j It undeif 1 this clause and 'role 19 ibatf this"1 Week'# meeting is called. os. * ;s. 5\. These three grounds being disposed of there remain ." only the rules under which it is., poteibjs. for t^e Trustees to have powers to whidbifip 1 m it tee object, and which by the^gekl-of the 'whole of the Act spider--which tbey were made are now left sMbe.chief .hHKK; governing the Institu ta.. £>, Sjiys^Tr'. "The management of the In&itjife;£han^>f| vested ia » PreSldeBt, t Wcr rio9j*dM«i»^tralMur. "and - Becretary, who with the'Trustees uml Vet-esfoJfeuy 1 members of the Committee, and seven ordinary mem- . . hers of the Committee, who shall Oil jhetire from office annually, but shall be eligible for re- eiecaoat." The <^»ntebtiono1^^X^r®ii6iftgff4S5ttelt it: in the absence of any Jimita&iWdt; quali%ii: • ;fication elsewhere the w6rA " TBaitag»y,.. ment" mean*: the^wholff mentand that 1 management is the totality Committeemen pins the .Trustee^ v U to be noted sitLon 4be CommSttee-n<4^y Trustees bat &s; comnritte^e^t-e^ffifiKi. that is they" become «ombritte«pten!;^~ - virtne of an antecedent faet^ft *he.-flsmej ; way that the other memWm:-are; c$pm.' mitteeroen by virtoe ef-.theanteradant fact of having bieii elected.^-— election . and appointment b.-ing presumably rec^ nise.d by the roles'as two -cqually.yalid ways of becoming committeemen. The y. .rnle 1b either ambignoUi nr ithaanotbeen obeyed in regard to the phrase " who shall dtt retire' from^ofliee.-! animolly," . which appears to include -idI who hjwrsr just been mentioned; »lisnaiiodict-d» Trustees hare not ^ettrvd' at alL y Aai n , matter of importance io 'tbe - praCtical working of the Committee, it-shonldL fnrtber be noticed- that none of the- rules 'require- -that , the'yPre^^^t-^pnld ^be-ja" fruatee,aiid all rultngttrbich ha*e iiioihMi the . power of the Goiwptttee hare been given by Presidents whejbappened tb'-jbo TVnstbae , Rule 12 provides for -the: Gpmiititfee. keeping an ncconDt of thS-revenoe- npcl •BipMnlitnn»-»iiJ iufftmni%tht ^nbKwbew thereof.' This could u<rt p«ssibIy .ie, 4oa<> if the Trustees" bald "iepamfce j|K^ey»iipi controlled l^tb£<3pmmifct^.,^% |.^ £ ■ Rule 14 orders the Secretaryto attend all general and committee -.meetings, but. docs not'tpentioirTrastees*' rneetin<{«;- - ■, - > _ jtale 15 says "'The Treasurer shaft pay .all monies . r&oiied; by him on. account of the Tn^tftate intothe Binlc.wheneyer the amount in his'ftauds shall esteed ^^Tlis a^mit^ -t sh^I 'bisTlia on ^he tahls at every anonthly meet! ijj. of the Committee and nor caal operations of the' Thejepiphalic-^yds^of this rale have. not beW■obejt-d^tud'1'cannot be uuder .the . present practice as the greater part of tjfe, expenditure: liss .".been „ niade hy ^hu , rcbn8^tatii»h'*'i|itly. Trustees, without; ktiy /consultattofrf^witlj.. . the Couiiniclee-jitfd'fur many years witb-^ out the Ci •mmittee knowing nhpu-1 it ! tUepititicatjfili^if die h.miuhlbai/^ce-jshj^t.. The Blast j«d f ..] h^nujrtrity of wi^' Trajteea yciy^. is; wb^t1 th^uijtjmrity upon t«» refute,any argumentsof the Cutik v -niittee, and that.pjjelinje i&now;, Ibelievr, since the -vanishing Of 'the iTrnat-IDfeed^ the whole of .their case. 0"verlo*kiug the clunistaess of- the .construction of the rale,. which' seems to '.have been framed .to., cause misunderstandings, .it is apparent , that ibe Trnstec-8 can pnly-t -take . this ground on the principle that they .have a right to-all powers and .to do Jail things except what the rules or. the Apt say th--y shall '.not -have or-- do.- This, I . submit, is ex;ctiy;the reverse of., the- principle governlog the managemnt of societies aud public bodies. Com-, mou pbrasooloyy puts ..it. .that. -CoTincit-" 1 lors, or Committeemen or "Trustees are j '* emppwert^,^ orrl^^alJcd"jnjderyavrs,. ^ regulations oritnttfii A<yflc> ceri#ih tltiuss." I In regard to whatever 'ate n<?t em-. " powered to do they have no other rights'*, than any common person. To adopt any other guiding tula wquj<r;stok<6?n eel'dt. By- laws a very leiigthy document: after the style irf' thertdn cominamijmeRtB, which would al ways be exposed to the danger of . having left something out. Rule 18 ap -'pbin ta Trustees(evidently^. ,to comedy withtbe nec^siti^s Tif 'Aeiaw: fhi^She*re ' shouldjbe eotne orie to bo sued and to sue) but/ it^gives titiem absolutely tfo shred of mapaging <>r%oveniiiigpower and I con tend with ah the confidence which a min ute examination of every document bear ing on the matter can* give, that they have no gacb.jKWBr^at all,'jSy^the five votes inoinmittie given to; them by role 9, already quoted. Here for the present I -leave the legal \ part of the matter. I did net intend to submit a complete argument, which would occupy too much space and da rendered unnecessary by the -faot: tbat. th'e.l Com mittee have decided nut to posh, their strong argument, but to ask, the sub scribers to adopt such'rules as Will make argument on such -matters impossible in - the future. But I reirture to put it to ,, tbe subscribers., that the case herp pre- " sented is quite enough jto make the Com- £*_ raittee, in the interests ofthe subscribers, £ anxious.'to change, their present unsatis-^^ factory oositioii. > ■ Against this bi-cameral system, in general I bare nuthing to say. That the / wisdom of Committee plus .. Trustees is .greater.than that, of the Committee .alone - is as evidentasihat 10 X 7 is greater than .. 10, and , if .the., subscribers . think such a cumbersome system necessary tor such. , retail business I- wduld willingly agree 'to a rule -providing the# .one after..... the other of the two deliberative bodies should deliberate on such problems as whether pneyellbw back-should be bought tor "2s. or "two fof 3s. ' Oil.' It wonld be . decidedly slow but the result when it was arrived at should be extremely good. That however is not the present1 system, in which two bodies, conflicting in claims, . seize at various itemsofbUsiueBS, without role or logical division, and; transact them without .reference to sach other. The proposed nhw rules have been dis played in the readiug-r.iom for. two weeks 1 and the Trustees have had a .copy for in-,;; ap. ction, : The aim of their piunpilers has ' be en to makeas few. alterations as possible . and .the chief [alterations are (to the effect that from the beginning..of; next year the whole of every kind of business connected with the Institute shall be-managed solely by a dozen elected Trustees, half of whom are to retire yearly, and that, the . name . shall be altered iroat Kincraig to Narra coorte. The plan has; also beenadopted of leaving <w»t any rulei whichatre merely ' ri-petuions of mandatory clauises'of the Act fend therefore binding whether they are in , the ruIeB or net. " It has been Baid, as if in some way It tbld against the present movement, that the new rnles are'the product of caucus or other meeting*. That is quite true. -.:It is hferd to see why new rules should be feny the worse because they have been subjected to the criticism of a targe'num ber of interested subscribers, hfefobe being finally written out, than they would be if one man produced them by' himself. I also plead .guilty in advance to .the charge that these presentr words are written at the suggestion of stfch a meeting, whiob thonght that it would be aS ^well-for the subscribers ge'nerally to hndw something ■ of the facts before -voting on 'theni* Viewed from both"8ide8 it'onght -to -be thought equally disadvantageous 'that there should be continUal diaputatiqn as to authority among the officers of-the-Insti tute and all the members who think -so ■ fehould decide to wac-riiice one' hohr -nf their time on ' Thursday to carry' their wishes into effect. It-is necessary that those who signed the requisition should come as .any alteration of the rules must be carried by & two thitds majority. - 