EXPERIENCES OF A STROLLING ACTRESS. IMPROMPTU DROLLERIES. My first experience of a theatre was a particularly unpleasant one. My mother — leading lady in. a South of England corps dramatique — when I was a tiny urchin, after vnany entreaties on my part took me with her one evening, and placed me in an out-of-the- way nook behind the scenes, to see- the first act of the piece, Avhicli she told me was called " The -Vampire, or the Bride of the Isles.'' I had not the least notion of what either a vampire or a bride might be like, but was 011 the tiptoe of expectation, when my mother suddenly recollected that she had omitted to put 011 the tartan silk scarf which, as Lady Margaret, it be hoved her to weai, and told n e to fetch it from her dressing-room. Intent on obeying her, I ran half-way across the stage, when the' floor suddenly opened beneath my feet. I fell a long, long way down, and alighted in the arms of a hideous Monster, with a yellowish-green, cadaverous face, and long, dishevelled hair. The ground closed at once over our heads. Escape Avas impossible ; and a feeble, distant light just served to show me that this frightful Avretch and I were alone in a capacious dungeon, surrounded by 'beams, cranks, screws, blocks and pulleys. At that time I knew not their names ; but, from my remem brance of some pictures that had been shown me in a story of the Inquisition, I at once recognised in them instruments of torture and of death ! The Monster, who seemed quite at home in this terrible abode, tried to comfort me when I cried ; but the closer he hugged me to his breast, the more terrified I Avas. At last he saAV a man in a white jacket coming towards us, and called out : "Here, Watty, come and take this child to her mother." "Hallo!" said the man, " has little missy fal en through the vampire trap ? " Dimly I began to comprehend that the ugly Monster Avas an actor Avaiting in that dark and dismal cave until lie should be Avanted 011 the stage ; for I had seen a pantomime in which a beautiful lady had disappeared through the ground ; but she came up again presently, Avithout seeming any the Avorse, Avliereas it took me all the eA'ening, even Avhen quite safe on terra-firma, to recover from the effects of my transit to the shades beloAV. To the uninitiated many expressions heard Avithin the Avails of a theatre sound strangely enough. For example, the property man says to his subordinate: "Joe, just iron those Avaves out, .will you? I'd like 'em nice and straight for ' The Coileen BaAvn.' " Joe's reply being: "I'll do 'em by-and-bye ; they're too damp at present." Or, " Has anyone seen the crash ? " Or, "Who made that hole in the leap?" "Go and ask the Avardrobe-keeper for the red cloaks for them supers as has to sit as muclcy-coves magnificoes in the Senate scene." " This thunder's Avorn out; it's cracked from top to bottom." And so on. One actress says to another: "Please lend me a ' scream ' for Fiordelisa" ("Fool's Revenge"). To " draAV first blood " is to get the first round of applause in a piece. "A pill" is a disagreeable part to study. A character easy to personate and acceptable to the public is described as " all sack and sugar." Calls and Encores — Surely these compliments have now arrived at the height of absurdity. By degrees Ave ha\re become reconciled to seeing Othello and Desdemona, Richard and Richmond, Lady Isabel Carlyle and her child, Leah, etc., Avhom Ave have just beheld die — as per the author's decree — resuscitated at a moment's notice, solely for the purpose of boAV- ing their acknoAvledgments to an admiring auditory. This may gratify the artist's vanity, but it certainly helps to destroy the interest in the drama's illusions ; and I entirely agree with an old YorkshireAvomau, Avho observed, on seeing Lear and Cordelia come before the curtain in response to a "call" just as she Avas shedding tears of pity for their hapless fate, that it AA'as " noAvt but babby-Avark " (that is, child's play). Recently, the ghost of a murdered Countess, in the old tragedy. of "The Castle Spectre," Avas encored at the conclusion of the fourth act, after having appeared Avith lamp and dagger, and a Avound in the breast, kissed and blessed her daughter — Avho, affrighted, fainted aAvay — and then, gliding back, vanished grace fully through the folding doors of the castle oratory in a flood of blue-fire, to the music of an impalpable harp and a chorus of (supposed) angels' voices lustily singing " Jubilate ! " Nothing, therefore, could be more absurd than for the young Lady Angela to lnwe recovered suddenly, to be again o\'ercome Avith terror, and again to fall into a savoou, Avhile the shade of her respected parent Avent through the same "business" as before, and made a second exit, under precisely the same circumstances as on her preA'ious appearance, and Avitli all the accompaniments of blue-fire, harp, and chorus. Performing dogs, camels, donkeys, goats, pigs, and eA7en a magpie — of silver-spoon notoriety — lnuve had to respond to "calls." The very latest eccentric demonstration that I knoAV of was in the drama of "Under the Gaslight," when the locomotive had to. again steam on, and fizz its. thanks to an irresistible encore ! . " Stage- aa'aits."— Nothing throAVS such a damper over a performance as a " stage- wait." One night, at a theatre in Yorkshire, a piece Avas to be represented in Avliich four of the ladies and gentlemen of the com pany should haAre begun the second scene. They Avere not forthcoming at the appointed time. The fact is, they Avere tAVo pair of lovers in real as well as in stage life, and had run away to get married in opposi tion to their friend's wishes. Presently the audience greAV clamorous, and began to hiss. The manager went on to crave their indulgence — being obliged to change the play — and the only apology that occurred to him Avas that " the Misses Blank and Dash, and the Messrs. BroAvn and Jones, had all been suddenly taken ill" an announcement that caused roars of laughter, and restored good-humor to the 'much-enduring audience. One uight Prince Ludgar -went off to address a disloyal multitude, and should have been seen almost immediately at the back of the stage haranguing them from the battlements ; but, obliA'ious of this duty, the Prince had retired to change, his costume, and after a tedious " Avait" the act-drop was loAA'ered amidst yells of disapprobation ; and the unlucky actor expiated his fault ,011 . the following " treasury day " in a fine of half a sovereign.' , At LiA'erpool a star came to play in a brand-neAV comedy. The theatre is large, and the dressing-rooms are numerous ; the one appointed for Mr. B — : — to occupy Avas so distant from the orchestra that the oa'erture Avas unheard by him ; the callboy, of course, was sent to summon him ; but fully ten minutes elapsed before the gentlemau responded. Meantim c the curtain rose.' The lady Avlio began the piece spoke along speech. .and then quietly aAvaited the arrival of her supposed son, Avho, hoAveA-er did not make his appearance until after a tedious "Avait." Here there Avere 110 hisses, the theatre being attended chiefly by the upper classes ; but the delay spoiled the star's reception, and acted as a Avet blanket on the eA'ening's amusement. Realism. — A lady playing Louise, the blind orphan girl, Avho had just been rescued from droAvning, stands at the Aving with a couple of pounds of pulverised ice hanging round her neck, in order that, Avhen the cue for her entrance is given, she may go on the stage shiA'ering violently ; and she frequently stands ill-clad and bareheaded at an open door 011 a Avintry night, as her maid phrases it, " practicing her . shiver." Such devotion to " realism " is only exceeded by that of a certain actress Avho, if report be correct, used to medicate herself eA'ery eA'ening in her famous dying scene. Chviiig to the potion that she SAvalloAved being actually poisonous, the convulsions and spasms that followed AArere strictly genuine, and highly appreciated by the spectators. An antidote used to bring the artist to in about an hour. Managers. — One of our best English managers is famous for Avriting a gigantic hand, spreading a very few Avords oA'er several pages of note-paper. The response to Mr. York's application for an engagement as juvenile gentleman Avas breA'ity itself, consisting merely of one line from 1 ' The Slave," in Avhich Fogrum continually appeals to his Yorkshire mentor, Sam Sharpset, for adArice and assistance, namely, York, you're Avanted ! " Here, too, is a copy of one of the foregoing manager's most lengthy epistles : Dear Sir, — I cannot engage you this season" — that filled page number one ; and on turning the leaf the re cipient' Avould read as folloAvs : " Unless you accept of ten shillings a AA'eek more than before ; you are Avorth it." An excellent manager, this. I subjoin a feAv more anecdotes, which may perhaps amuse my readers. A juvenile gentleman, Avhose aroice was not very poAverful, Avas representing Macduff. On his observing : " My aroice is in my sAvord," one of his auditors called out : "Tin glad you told us, Harry ; Ave aarere just Avondering Avhere it Avas." Another actor in the same character — Avell knoAvn to be an excellent combatant — Avas one night seized Avith a sudden and uncontrollable presentiment that he should be mortally Avounded in the fight that terminates the tragedy, so thrcAV his SAvord doAvn, and made a hasty and ignominious re treat. Poor Macbeth, thus left in the lurch, imagined that some alarming illness had caused Lis enemy to back out. What aa'as to be done ? His death alone could satisfy poetic justice, and bring the piece to the orthodox conclusion ; so in desperation he rushed off and dragged in the first person lie met Avith. This happened to be the physician. Handing Macduff's SAvord to him, he spoke this remarkable extempore speech : "As killing is thy trade, iioav try thy hand upo.11 thy master, as proxy for his coAvard foe." The combat Avas fought, and terminated, of course, Avith the tyrant king's being defeated and stabbed through and through seA'eral times — to make quite sure of him. The audience cheered, and called uproariously for the combatants. But the manager aa'as not so aa'ell pleased, and fined the trio of actors — Macduff for not attending to his business, Macbeth for daring to "gag" (take liberties Avith the text) in Shakespeare, and the unlucky physician for doing Avhat he Avas actually forced to do. A a'ery Aveak tenor in Dublin, singing feebly, caused one of the gods to shout to an acquaintance across the gallery: " Corney, Avliat noise is that?" "Bedad," said Corney, " I belieA'e it's the gas whistlin' in the pipe. " In the same liA'ely city, a late Mayor gaA'e Lis patronage, and Avas hailed aa'ith "a cheer for the ex- Mayor ! " When quiet aa'as restored, a voice called out : " Noav, boys, a cheer for the Double X Mayor ! " (Mr. Guinness, the great breAver, aa'as the gentleman chair.) Sir William Fondlove, in " The Lo\'e Chase," summing up his personal advan- tages, says, conceitedly enough: "I'm every atom Avhat a man should be. " A man slightly lame Avas playing the part, Avhen at this point a a'oice from the pit cried : ' ' Barring the gamey leg, Freddy. " On an Iago, who had been disfigured by a frightful obliquity of vision, saying to Othello "Wear your eye thus," one of the spectators unkindly 'remarked : " He can't, you fool ! he hasn't larnt to squint." A A'ery tedious old actor, whose Hamlet occupies four hours, Avas once playing the part in a toAvn in the potteries, and, AA'ith plenty of emphasis, but no dis cretion, AA'as "ladling out" the celebrated soliloquy " To — be — oi" — not — to — be," Avhen an irreA'erent gal lery-boy called put to him: "Oh, toss up for it, mister, and don't preach." I Avas Avaiting at the Aving one night to go on in the graA'e-scene in "Hamlet," Avlien suddenly Mr. Seek, Avho Avas GraA'edigger 011 that occasion, asked me what time he ought to sing his verses to ; so I Avliispered to ldm to sing them to the same tune as lie had been singing something to the preA'ious evening. He had neA'er before gone on for the GraA'edigger, and had forgotten the text, so actually sang both Avords and tune as before : "Three children alid upon the ice, All on a Summer's day ; Ifc so fell out they all fell in ; The rest they run away." This occurred at Workington, and, strange to say, the highly respectable audience made no sign of being surprised at this strange version ! . In a seaport town Black-eyed Susan's husband, the far-famed William, was thus addressed by the Admiral, after his trial for striking his captain : " The sentence of this Court is that you be hanged at the yard-arm of every ship in his Majesty's service; and Heaven have mercy on your soul ! " . ' — ! A dfr A 