COUNTRY NEWS. By. Wise. — From Our Correspondents. 1 ' BALLARAT, Monday. A well known resident of the city a, day .or two ago purchased salmon trout for supper. On the fish being laid on the table the . gentleman remarked thnt he did not like their appearance and 'smell, and the dish was forthwith conveyed to the. back yard for the dog . to feast on. „ Tho meal, however,. proved fatal to tho canine pet,' as after eatiugthe fish he was seized with pains and died .within two hours. The dog, which was one-of the pug breed, was yalued nt £30. . . '- BUffi;/ Austin, charged with.. obtaining by means of fntie pretences 10 cases of corrugated! iron, valued at ;£100, from tho firm of Messrs. D. Tonkin and Sons, of . Melbourne, was brought before the City Police Court to-day, and re manded until the 22nd inst. . Prisoner, who lins passed under tho aliases, of Henry Ferguson, Henry Austin and Henry Ellis . Pearce, is, al though a young man, an old offender. He has served several sentences , in Pentridge. That portion of- tho iron tluit. he Bold at Maryborough ! was disposed of at 30 per cent, under wholesale price. CASTLEMAINE, Monday. On the 25th April lost year, whilst a young man named "William B, Wilson, a resident of Castlemaine, was engaged in a football match on tlie Camp-reserve, he lrad a silver -watch, gold chain, a medal and locket stolen from his vest, which wns hanging up hi one of the rooms of the Standard of Freedom Hotel. Nothing has been heard of it till lately the police got some clue to the person impli cated. To-day, . at the police court, a respectable looking, young man, who has been in the employ of Messrs. G. Clark and Son,; grocers, of Barker- street, for several years, was charged, with stealing the above articles, yalued at. £18. After several witnesses had been called the case had to be adjourned till Friday in consequence of Mr. O'Meara, the police magistrate, having- to .attend at. the Chewton- police court to hear , an important . case ' there. ... ' , ' ' The Flood Relief. Committee met for tlie firs time ' to- night. Several good donations have come to hand since tlie public meeting was held. Alessrs. Clark. and Sons, of Barker-street, have received from a few. persons donations amount ing to £24, 16s. . 6d.. towards . the fund. Air. Straede, of Alarket-square,; has received £22 2s., also for. this fund. :.. Oil the 28th of last mouth, during the carry ing out of tlie miners' sports at Chewton, a man iia>ned O'Connor struck a policeman whilst in tho execution of his duty, and a great row ensued. To-day six persons who took part in the fracas . were charged . at the Chewton police cotirt, before Air. O'AIeara, 'P.M., with inciting a prisoner to resist the police in tlie execution of their duty. Five of these persons were . convicted and fined in small sums. To night. there is to be a public meeting, convened by. tlie mayor of Chewton at tlie request of several of tlie inhabitants, to take steps to have -the constable stationed there removed. CRESWICK, AIonday. ' An inqniry was lield at thu Bull aud Alouth Hotel to-day, by Air. W. J. Spence, J.P., rela tive to the -deathof a carpenter named George Gurr, who was found in his house on tlie Mel- bqurnerruad yesterday evening suspended by the neck by means of n w-ire rope attached to the ceiling. The evidence of witnesses was to tlie' effect thnt the. deceased had for several days past not been in his usual good spirits. Mr.. W. G. Soley stated that on Friday evening he was in the company of the deceused; who spoko of something which lie had done as prey ing upon his mind very much. The magistrate found that the deceased committed suicide whilst of unsound mind. The following nominations have been received for the various offices in tlie Creswick branch of tlie . Miners' Association : — President, S. Svise and J. Craig; vice-president, J. Varty, \f. Keast and- \Y. O'Rourke ; secretary, AY. G. Spence, J. J. Jackson and R. F. Hainmerton ; auditors, L. B. Elsliung, R. Lloyd, J. Kirby and J. Spelinan ; treasurer, J. Alourc ; delegates to tlie conference (six to be elected), Alessrs. T: Phillips, Elsliung, J. Burk, W. Keast, A. AY. Hunter. A. Sing. S. AYise, It. AI'Kay, AY. O Rourke, E. G. Egglestone and J. Uraig. Tlie elections will take placo during next week. MARYBOROUGH, Mondav. A serious charge against one of the local night-' men will shortly come before tlie police court. The manure depot of the borough is situate in the Koyal Park, where tlie liightsoil is trenched in. It appears, however, that the police for some time past have suspected the nightman in question of currying on an illicit trade witli (Jhiuese gardeners in the vicinity of tho Dnnoily- road. A constable was told off to watch his movements, and nt about 4 o'clock on Saturday' morning detected iiiiii discharging the contents -of his night cart iu the gardens of tlie Oliiiiese from -which tlie town obtains its principal . supply, of vegetables. Tho Rev Father O'Neill, who for the last two and a half -years lids- discharged tho duties of pastor of . the Alary borough District Roman Catholic Mission, lias received orders' to ' take charge of the parish of Gainperdown, in tlie western district. Tlie rev. gentleman was greatly respected and esteemed throughout tlie district, and iiis removal lias occasioned deep regret. Father O'Neill's place will be taken by two priests recently brought to the colony by the Bishop of Ballarat, belonging to the Order of tlie Holy Ghost, an order whoso missionaries arc devoting themselves to tho salvation of souls in America, Africa and other parts of the world. NHITX, AiONDAV, A fire broke out in a seven-roomed cottage, in Nelson-street, on Saturday evening, which re sulted in the destruction of the building and its contents. Tho occupants were Messrs. Mack- wood, whose business premises were burnt down in November last. No idea can he 'formed liow tbe fire originated. The effects were not insured. The' house belonged to Airs. Beckwcli, and was insured. For somo reason or other the tank for supplying tlie reticulation service was empty. Great indignation was expressed at the mis management of the sen-ice by the water trust, and a meeting is to be held on tho subject. SHKPPARTON, Monday. " A largo store aud dwelling in High- street were totally- destroyed by- fire this morning. Tho cause of tho fire is unknown. ' The Sbep- parton Fire 'Brigade managed to savo tlie ad joining hotel. The property destroyed was in sured for £1500. An animated meeting of the shire council took place to-day. A'deputatiou of ratepayers entered tlie chamber and requested the whole of the meiiibers to' resign owing: to their action in connection with the proposed loan of £14,000. The river is falling rapidly. A heavy thunder storm threatened last night, but no rain fell. 