GENERAL NEWS. HOW PRINCE RUDOLPH DIED. By the arrival of the R1LS. Ormuz at Albany we are in receipt of the following from oar London correspondent: LONDON, FEB. 8. Many conflicting statements are current respecting the circumstances of Prince Rudolph's death. The following narratives supply details of the versions most widely circulated. Prince Rudolph had for the last three years at least been living in a bad way. His disappointment at having no son first estrang«l him from his wife, and his infidelities completed the separation. Gradu ally it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a cat- and dog life. The Prince took to drinking to excese, and being of slight build, a nervous lymphatic temperament, and highly imagina tive and excitable, he could not stand wine. He lost his interest in his literary pursuits and artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement He did mad things when out bear-ahooting and deer-stalking. He was frequently seen with flushed face. He took pleasure in loose society, became, smitten wilh a fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and was haunted with a fear that he might be come 'mad, like Louis the Second of Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a, Baroness Marie von V., a young] lady, 21 years old, one of the beauties of Austrian Boctety. She belonged to an old Czech family, and waa niece of a well-known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance bet ween the baroness and the Crown Prince began some months ago. This increased the estrangement between the Prince and his wife. He scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. He counted confidently cm receiving the assistance of the Emperor, on account of the disappoint ment experienced by His Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, how ever, the Emperor point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he un doubtedly is, very much attached to the Crown Princess, and he rated his son for his un marital conduct On Sunday, the 27th January, there was a terrible sceue between the Prince and his wife. The Princess Stephanie threatened to return to her parents in Belgium, and the Prince taunted tier with having no son. The Emperor had to inter fere. He told the Prince that be would appoint him Governor of lSosnia and oblige him to go and live at Serajeva "There." he said, "you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals." At the same time the Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her husband. The Crown Prince was seen for the last time in public at the Princess Reuss's reception. On that same Sunday evening he was wear ing the Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flushed and somewhat flighty. The next morning his father sent for him, and repeated what he had said on the previous day, but with more peremptoriness, adding that he would give the Prince a week to make his submission, and promise to lead a better lite. The Prince got very angry, and left his father without kissing his hand, according to the Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments, he took off bis uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Philip of Coburg, and Count Joseph Hoyos, inviting them to join him at Meyer ling for a couple of days Bhooting. Soon after wards he started for Meyerling in a two horse cab, driven by a man named Brat fitsch, a noted singer of comic songs. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied his nerves with a good deal of champagne; At first he was in very low spirits, but he gradually brightened np; and after dinner, Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to sing to him. The Prince, Count Hoyos, and Bratfisch re mained together until S o'clock in the morn ing ; but daring the intervals between Brat flsch's songs, the Prince several times left the diningroom and went to bis study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his dealt At 3 a.m. this singular company separated on the understanding that the Prince woald go out shooting at 9 o'clock in the morning. From this point the accounts differ, some telling the gamekeeper'a story, and making the girl wno committed suicide not the Baroness von V., bat another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy of Porta guese extraction and fierce temper. The day J alter the Prinoe's departure from Vienna she went oat shopping with her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while the two were in a warehouse together. On reaching Meyerling She insisted on swing the Prince. The interview quite unnerved him. She stormed, and declared that her shame would soon become public, and ended by saying that unless the Prince would take her openly onder his protection, and elope with, her for a few weeks of foreign travel she would commit suicide. The Prince was so frightened that he dared not let the girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed that she should remain for the night at Meyerling, and she was accordingly installed in the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named Gothschart In the night the Prince slipped out and went to the gamekeeper's lodge to see the young lady. At thiB hour the under* keeper, a man named Weedering, was going bis night rounds. He had orders to call thei head-keener at C o'clock, and at the hoar! appointed he went to the lodge and knocked ac the door. He was carrying a double barrelled loaded gun slung over his back. Suddenly, while he knocked at the front door of the house he heard a window at the side open and somebody jump oat Having no idea that the Prince waa in the bouse be ran round, and saw a man Bcsmper* ing off in the dark, lie shouted " stop " and the next instant fired. The man dropped, hit in the shoulder. Weedering harried up, and the Crown Prince, struggling to bis feet, gasped out, " I am the Archduke Rudolph. I am bit. Lead me to the Schlosa. The Prince swooned just as he reached the window, where the girl whom be had left a few moments before was standing. Weedering appears then to have called out in his distraction that he bad killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew with a dismayed striek, and swallowed theowtenta of a bottle of poison which she with her. It is not .certain whether the Prince knew what elie ^ad done. The only oertain thing is that recovering quicklyfrom his swoon he ordered Weedering again to help him to walk to the Schloss, and cave him the strictest injunctions to hold bis tongas. The Fringe then went home, ana shortly aftetward* waa foaad lying dead, drenched with blood. .He waa lying half out of bed, And a revolver wis ontbt floor. According to another atoff th£ game keeper's tale is all false, andthe truth if said to be m followsThe Prince went 4o Meyerling, and the Baroness Marie disap peared, leaving a note for her mother in which BheBBid that she was~ going to drown her self. Her terrified moiherinstantly went ta Count Taaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause inquiries to be made. Detectives were accordingly placed upon * the track of the young lady, and on the following day they made the discovery that ehe was staying with the Crown Prince at Meyerling. Count Taaffe conveyed the information to her mother, who. on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning home the mother found another letter from her daughter, dated from Meyerling, in which the youthful baroness announced that she and the Crown Prince bad resolved io commit suicide together. The Prince had pro mised her marriaze as soon as he ob tained his divorce from the Princess, Mid when he informed her that this was now impossible owing to the Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to com mit suicide. This they did on the Wednesday morning in the bedroom of the Prince. When Loschek, the Prince's valet, entered the bedroom in the morning, after having vainly knocked for admittance, lie found the bodies ofjthe two lovers lying on the bed. Before call ing for anyone he carried the body of the baroness into an Adjoining room, so that when Prince Philippe of Cotxng and Count Hoyaa. on being gammoned by Loschek, entered t'.e bedroom, they saw only the body ot the Crown Prince, and naturally concluded that it was a simple case of suicide, aa w&s; reported to the Emperor. On being informed of hia son's death the Emperor at once suspected tbe truth, and exclaimed, ' I would rather have lost a pro vince than that this disgrace should Lave befallen me." The correspondent of the Daily Keiot at Rome states that he has been able to learn the exact particulars ot what occurred at tbe Vatican between the Holy See and the Impe rial Family of Vienna on the occasion of Prince Rudolph's death. The Pope received the first telegram, announcing simply the death of the Prince, to which His Holiness himself wrote a reply of a few lines, and this for him wa9 an extraordinary thing to do, as he has the greatest diihculty in holding a pen. On the following day there came a long telegram from Vienna, explaining all the circum stances of the case, from which it appeared that there had been both a suicide and a duel. A difficulty, therefore, arose to decide whether the Archduke should have religious burial according to canoni cal law. Suicide being considered in the liqht of madness a religious service is granted, but it is not allowed to those killed in duels. The congregation of cardinals immediately assembled by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion, the cardinals came to the conclusion that only one deranged in mind could have en tered into such a duel. The natural con sequence of the decision wa3 that the neces sary permission was granted. The Emperor received the news with the deepest gratitude, and telegraphed to the Pope that in his great bereavement His Holiness had spared hitn tha greatest grief. 