Memmon. Tba gray curtains ot morning twilight hang gloomily over the endless dimes of sand. Tuc drab-green leaflets of the mimosa were nos rustled by tbe slightest breeze, and no bird had yet broken into Bong. Not a sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery to the broken column of the templo ; not a ray of Etlver light to dispel the ashen gloom cf the heavens, or break the songless repose of tbs pahr-dotted desert. The distant river, with ita fringe of olives melted into tho sky, and its silvery shimmer appeared like tho sinuoua reflection of a lumiaous lily-star in a gently rippl?d lakp. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost abavo tho parched sands, and the peaceful spirit of silence Eeemed to reign until the morning song of Memnon should break tbs potent spell. " The eternal Fyramida frowned in the dis- tance in orders gray, and the acacias bent like the Faithful it prayer, as though im preercd by. the snbtla charm of the silenca that was lonely and unbroken. Tbs herons stood in majestic immobility, as though charmed, among the reed3 and sedge that surrounded their watery haunts. Numbers of motionless palms were etched, like sentinel?, against the horizon, whose hem was yet unconscious of the first faint kis3 of dawn-whose folds and draperies of gray seemed awaiting the golden rosea of j sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfect beauty. I In the midst of thia apparently eternal i hush, this silence that would make such a i beautiful back ßround for the harp string j j twang of bia morning voice, Memnon Bat in I the unbroken solitude, with no breeza to ! fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward the | east for the first rosy light to tremble in ths j wan, white sail of day, and wake the accents Í of his morning song. . * j Soddenly, the sömbre mantle eeemed to fall fro:n tho sky, and in the distanco be-; I hind the TyramidB a dainty, delicate Hush of ; rosa appeared, a breeza started acrosj the burning desert, the lips of Memnon parted, ¡and Ulled the rijplei air of midsummer with: j " Ia it hot enough for you.'" I lt. IL MUSKITTBIO« 