EXORCI(SING A GHOST. Miss TaiTc, daughter of the well-known artist, who writes under the signature ".Walter Powell" in a Canadian paper, tells in a recent letter the following,version of the ghosts at Hampstead : There are two rows of old red brick houses at Hampstead, forming an avenue to the church, which houses, built on ground which once belonged to a monastery, are continually troubled by the most unaccount able noises, in one or two cases the inhabi tants declaring that the noises, which they can bear, have been further supplemented by the appearance of apparitions, which they can not. Not long ago one of those possessing the worst of reputations was taken in all innocence by some people who, till they had been in the place some time, were left unmolested. But very soon steps pattered up and down stairs in the dead of mght; doors, previously locked, unaccountably flew open; often there was a feeling, even in the broad daylight, that one was being watched (said my in formant) by invisible eyes, touched by invisible fingers. The maids gave warning continually, the children occasionally were frightened, but as months went on without anything actually being seen, the footsteps and rustlings, groming monotonous, were at last almost unheeded, and the household settled down with the firm determination, annoying enough to the ghost, to ignore its presence altogether, a resolution not always strictly kept. One afternoon a November or two ago, the lady of the house sat by the fire in a small drawing. room, shut off from a larger one by folding.doors, reading fairy tales to her little daughter, and as she read she heard someone walking overhead, in a room from which the ghost always started on its peregrinations. She glanced at the child, who was staring at the flames absorbed in the history of "The Snow Queen," and who, wisely enough, had no ears for anything else, and continued the story without a pause. Soon on each of the shallow oak stairs sounded the well.known pit.a-pat of high.heeled shoes, till the steps, staying a second at the smaller drawing-room, went on to the larger room, the door of whch opened and shut with a bang; but nothing disturbed the little girl. As her mother read on, someone behind those folding doors was turning the handles softly, pacing up and down the floor, moving chairs and small tables, till at last the reader became so ner vous she thought she even would have screamed. Instead of that, however, she made some excuse of resting for a moment, gave the book to her daughter, and taking up a lamp went bravely to the thres hold of the other room, and looked in. The footsteps ceased suddenly, but peer as she might into every corner, nothing could she see. Just as she was turning back to "The Snow Queen" and the fire, the child ran to wards her. " Why, mamma," she said, pointing to a window seat on which the stream of lamplight fell brightest, " who is that pretty lady I" Since then Mrs. S., who is a Catholic, has had that restless ghost laid (this is the nineteenth century, five miles from Charing Cross), and with bell and book the priest and the acolyte have done their best to restore peace to No. - Church-row, the consequence being that after that after noon, spent in sprinklings and prayer, the pretty lady has altogether ceased her visits. 