« Bail Up ! " CHAPTER IL—(Continued.) THESE strange cattle had been driven a good way, I could Bee. The cows and calves looked done up, and the steer's tongue vas out—it was hottish weather ; the old dog had been " heeling " him up too, for he was bleeding up to the hocks, and the end of his tail was bitten off. He was a savage old wretch was Crib. Like all dogs that never bark—and men too—his bite was all the worse. " Go and gets the brands—confound you—don't stand there frightening the cattle," says father, as the tired cattle, after smelling and jostling a bit, rushed into the yard. " You, Jim, make a fire, and look sharp about it. I want to brand old Polly's calf and another or two." Father came down to the hut while the brands were getting ready, and began to look at the harness-cask, which stood in a little black skillion. It was pretty empty ; we had been living on eggs, bacon, and bread and butter lor a week. " Oil, mother ! there's such a pretty red calf in the yard," [ said, " with a star ami a white spot ou the flank ; and there's a yellow steer fat enough to kill !" " What !" said mother, turning round and looking at father with her eyes staring—a sort of dark blue they were—people used to say mine and Jim's were the same colour—and her brown hair pushed back off her face, as if she WŁS looking at a ghost. " Is it doing that again you are, after all you promised me, and you so nearly caught—after the last one 1 Didn't I go on my knees to ye to ask ye to drop it and lead a good life, and didn't ye tell me ye'd never do the like again ? And the poor innocent children, too, I wonder ye've the heart to do it." It came into my head now to wonder why the sergeant and two policeman had come down from Bargo, very early in the morning, about three months ago, and asked father to show them the beef in his cask, and the hide belonging to it. I wondered at the time the beast was killed why father made the hide into a rope, and before he did that had cut out the brand and dropped it into a hot fire. The police saw a hide with our brand on, all right—killed about a fortnight. They didn't know it had been taken off a cancered bullock, and that father took the trouble to " stick " him and bleed him before he took the hide off, so as it shouldn't look dark. Father certainly knew most things in the way of working on the cross. I can see now he'd have made his money a deal easier, and no troulile of mind, if he'd only chosen to go straight. When mother said this, father looked at her for a bit as if he was sorry for it ; then be straightened himself up, and an ugly look came into his face as he growled out— " You mind your own business ; we must live as well as other people. There's squatters here that does as bad. They're just like the squires at home ; think a poor man hasn't a right to live. You bring the brand and look alive, Dick, or I'll sharpen ye up a bit." The brand was in the corner, but mother got between me and it, and stretched out her hand to father as if to stop me and him. " In God's namĄ'' she cried out, " aren't ye satisfied with lesing your own soul and bringing disgrace upon your family, but ye must be the roin of your innocent children? Don't touch the brand, Dick !" But father wasn't a man to be crossed, and what made it worse he had a couple of glasses of bad grog in him. There was an old villain of a shanty-keeper that lived on a back creek. He'd been there as he came by and had a glass or. two. He had à regular savage temper, father had, though he was quiet enough and not bad to us when he was right. But the grog always spoiled him. He gave poor mother a shove which sent her reeling against the wall, where she fell down and hit her head against the 8tool, and lay there. Aileen, sitting down in the corner, turned white, and began to cry, while father catches me a box on the ear which sends me kicking, picks up the brand out of the corner, and walks out, with me after him. I think if I'd been another year or so older I'd have struck back—I felt that savage about poor mother that I could have gone at him myself—but we had been too long used to do everything he he told us ; and somehow, even if a chap's lather's a bad one, he didn't seem like other men to him. So, as Jim had lighted the fire, we branded the little red heifer calf first—a fine fat six months-old nugget she was—and then three bull calves, all strangers, and then Polly's calf, I suppose just for a blind. Jim and I knew the four calves were all strangers, but we didn't know the brands of the mothers ; they all seemed different. After this all was made right to kill a beast. The gallows was ready rigged in a corner of the yard ; father brought his gun and show the yellow steer. The calves were put into our calf-pen— Polly's and all — and all the cows turned oqt to go where they liked. We helped father to skin and hang up the beast, and pretty late it was when we finished. Mother had laid us out our tea and gone to bed with Aileen. We had ours and then went to bed. Father sat outside and smoked in the starlight. Hours after I woke up and heard mother crying. Before daylight we were up again, and the steer was cut up and salted and in the harness-cask soon after sunrise. His head and feet were all popped into a big pot where we used to make soup for the pigs, and by the time it had been boiling an hour or two there was no fear of any one swearing to the yellow steer by " head-mark." We had a hearty breakfast off the " skirt," but mother wouldn't touch a bit, nor let Aileen take any ; she took nothing but a bit of bread and a cup of tea, and sat there looking miserable and downcast. Father said nothing, but sat very dark-looking, and ate his food as if nothing was the matter. After breakfast he took his mare, the old dog followed ; there's no need to whistle for him—its by belief he knew more than many a Christian—and away they went. . Father didn't come home for a week—he had got into the habit of staying away for days and days together. Then things went on the old way. CHAPTER III. So the years went on—slow enough they seemed to us sometimes—the green winters, pretty cold, I tell you, with frost and hail-storms, and the I long hot summers. We were not ' called boys any longer, except by j mother and Aileen, but took our places 1 among the men of the district. We ! lived mostly at home, in the old way ; sometimes working pretty hard, sometimes doing very little. When the cows were milked and the wood chopped, there was nothing to do for the rest of the day. The creek was that close that mother used to go and dip the bucftet into it herself, when she wanted one, from a little wooden step above the clear reedy waterhole. Now and then we used to dig in the garden. There was reaping and cornpulling and husking for part of the year ; but often, for weeks at a time, there was next to nothing to do. No hunting worth much—we were sick of kangarooing, like the dogs themselves, that as they grew old would run a little way and then pull up if a mob came, jump, jump, past them. No shooting, except a few ducks and pigeons. Father used to laugh at the shooting in this country, and say they'd never have poachers here—the game wasn't worth it. No fishing, except an odd codfish, in the deepest waterboles ; and you might sit half a day without a bite. Now this was very bad for us boys. Lads want plenty of work, and a little play now and then to keep them straight. If there's none, they'll make it ; and you can't tell how far they'll go when they once start. Well, Jim and I used to get our horses and ride off quietly in the afternoon, as if we were going after cattle ; hut in reality, as soon as we were out of sight of mother, to ride over to that old villain, Grimes, the shanty-keeper, where we met the young Dalys, and others of the same sort—talked a good deal of nonsense and gossip ; what was worse played at all-fours and euchre, which we learned from an American harvest hand, at one of the large farms. Besides playing for money, which put us rather into trouble sometimes, as we couldn't always find a half-crown if we lost it, we learned another bad habit, and that was to drink spirit». What burning nasty stuff I thought it at first ; and so did we all ! But every one wanted to bo thought a man, and up to all kinds of wickedness, so we used to make it a point of drinking our nobbier, and sometimes treating the others twice, if we had cash. There was another family that lived a couple of miles off, higher up the creek, and we had always been good friends with them, though they never came to our house, and only we boys went to theirs. They were the parents of the little girl that went to Bchool with us, and a boy who was a year older than me. Their father had been a gardener at home, and lie married a native girl who was born somewhere about the Hawkesbury, near Windsor. Her father had been a farmer, and many a time she told us how sorry she was to go away from the old place, and what fine corn and pumpkins they grew ; and how they had a church at Windsor, and used to take their liny and fruit and potatoes to Sydney, and what a grand place Sydney was, with stone buildings called markets for people to sell fruit and vegetables and poultry in ; and how you could walk down into Lower George Street and see Sydney Harbour, a great shining saltwater plain, a thousand times as big as the biggest waterhole, with ships and boats and sailors, and every kind of Btrange thing upon it. Mrs. Storefield was pretty fond of talking, and she. was always fond of me, because once when she was out after the cows, and her man was away, and she had left Grace at home, the little thing crawled down to the waterhole and tumbled in. I happened to be riding up with a message for mother, to borrow pome soap, when I heard a little cry like a lamb's, and there wa* poor little Gracey struggling in the water like a drowning kitten, with her face under. Another minute or two would have finished her, but I was off the old pony and into the water like a teal flapper. I had her out in a second or two, and she gasped and cried a bit, but soon came to, and when Mrs. Storefield came home she first cried over her as if she would break her heart, and kissed her, and ttien she kissed me, and said, " Now, Dick Marston, you look here. Your mother's a good woman, though simple ; your father I don't like, and T hear many ' Rtories about him that maket) me think the less we ought to see of the lot of you the better. But you've saved my child's life to day, and I'll be a friend and a mother to you as long as I live, even if you turn out bad, and I'm rather afraid you will—you and Jim both—but it won't he my fault for want of trying to keep you straight ; and John an'l I will be your kind and loving friends as long as we live no matter what happens." After that—it was strange enough hut I always took to the little toddling thing that I'd pulled out of the water. T wasn't very big myself, if it comes to that, and she sernied to have a feeling about it, for she'd come to me every time I went there, and sit on my knee and look at me with her big brown serious eyes—they were just the same after she grew up—and talk to me in her little childish lingo. I bejieve she knew all aboijt it, for she used to say, "Dick pull Gracy out of water;' and then she'd throw lier arms round my neck and kiss me. and walk off to her mother. Tf TM Ift her drown then, and tied a stone round my neck and dropped through the reeds to the bottom of the big waterhole, it would have been better for both of us. When John came home he was nearly as bad 88 the old woman, and wanted to give me a fiUy, but I wouldn't have it, boy as I was. I never cared for money nor money'* worth, and I was not going to be paid for picking a kid out of the water. George Storefield, Gracey'a brother, was about my o ira age. - He thought a lot of what I'd dône for her, and years afterwards I threatened to punch his head if he said anything more about it. He laughed, and held out hia hand. " You and I might have been better friends lately," said he ; " but don't you forget you've got another brother besides Jim—one that will stick to yoa, to", fair w< ather or foul." I always bad a great belief in George, though we didn't get on over well, and, often had fallings out. He was toosteady and hardworking altogether for Jim and me. He worked all day and every day, and saved every penny he made. Oatoh him gaffing !—no, not. for a sixpence. He called the Dalys and JacksoDs thieves and swindlers, who would be locked up, or even hanged, some day, unless they mended themselves As for drinking a glass of grog, you might just as soon ask him to take a little laudanum or arsenic. " Why should I drink grog," he used to say—" such stuff, too, as you get at that old villain Grimes's—with a good appetite and a good conscience ? I'm afraid of no man ; the police may come and live on my ground for what I care. I work all day, have a read in the evening, and sleep like a top when I turn in. What do I want more T' "Oh, but you never see any life," Jim said; "you're just like an old working bullock that walks up to the yoke in the morning and never stopB hauling till he's let go at night. This is a free cuntry, and I don't think a fellow was born for that kind of thing and nothing else" "Ihis country's like any other country, Jim," George would say, holding up his head, and looking straight at him with his steady gray eyes ; "a man m,ust work and save when he's young if he didn't want to be a beggar or a slave when he's old. I believe in a, man enjoying himself as well as you do, but my notion of that is to have a good farm, well stocked and paid for, by and by, and then to take it easy, perhaps when my back is a little stiffer than it is now." " But a man must have a little fun when he is young," I said. " What's the use of having money when your old and rusty, and can't take pleasure in anything ?" " A man needn't be so very old at forty," he says then, " and twenty years' steady work will put all of us youngsters well up the ladder. Besides, t, I don't call it fun getting half- drunk* with a lot of blackguards at a low pothouse or a shanty, listening to the stupid talk and boasting lies of a pack - of loafers and worse. They're fit for nothing better ; but you and Jim are. Now, look here, I've got a small contract from Mr. Andrews for a lot of fencing stuff. It will pay us wages and something over. If you like to go in with me, we'll go share and share. I know what hands you both are at ! splitting and fencing. What do you say ?" (To be Continued). AN INFAMOUS SKNTHNCK. — Attention is being directed to an extraordinary sentence passed at a recent sitting of the Warminster magistrates on (icorge Hayward, a lad of 14\. The facts, a.» related by the WiUMre Tiiwji, are these :—The lad was playing with some companions near the King's Head Inn, Chitterne, and espied a basket, evidently left there by some man who had gone • into the inn for a drink. , On the basket was a strap, said by those who are competent to judge to be of the v&lue; of two- pence. " Let's hide old Poolman's strap," urieil one of the lade, and in the twinkling of an eye they raced down the street with the strap, and then, frightened, at their temerity, pitched it over a garden wall, where it was subsequently found. Of course the owner of the strap, who turned out to be a man named Pound, and not Poohnan, as believed by the lads, complained, and in short time Hayward was arrested and brought before the Warminster Bench, ahd sentenced to ten dayn' imprisonment, to be followed by five years in a reformatory— practically five years in a gaol—for the boyish freak of abstracting, without any felonious intent, a twopenny strap. The magistrates on the bench were the Rev. W. Hickman, vicar of Christ Church, Warminster, and Mr. -L. Birch. 