BILL DUNC'S GHOST. (BY SCMTflRSRAIN.) The story- which I give below is written with the ópjact af inducing anyone who may have a beligf la the enp¿rn»tnra}-or, inure, properly »»»p 'dring, a fear--«rîio may at auy timp' bp br'Wight ieee to f ace wH* à ghostly rirtita«t, to o«msider for à 'moment ?whither thetó ¿pay n*t hep >m<i hard mat ter-of-f «Set explanation of the phenomenon. To begin wtth, ^Circumstances related «farther on noßßt^i a profound seiisitiou < in my raiiid «k;4l»e tiiue, and. for many 4 day aft tir, I h**« Sfo^íñed fora moment thit 1 w>iáfriM^ again. Bj^OeP»ioii, lio#etrer, «liowed t|ie abSurditv i^^sr^hiing a thought, and! 'gradually it brought on a spirit of reaiioui iug whioa bas,now pte»ty well developed i ito dowurig'ht-.aoeptioiB u. There ii nothiug really ^marvellous in the matter, und I shall toll it in the plain* est possible manner, without any embelN ishment ia the shape of flights ot fan- cy. : ' About seventeen years ago, there lived at a pitre called the BiVotahpo d, 14 or 15 miles f roraBidf ist, a farmer named Wi J limn1 Dunn, commonly known ss "Bil1," Duuii was.; fairly weil off, had a very careful helpmeet tu the norson of his.wife, but be had ope great failing-ho coull not get over .his intense love fora glass of the " cratur." aud when he had taken one; auyone trying to prevent bis having1 auother aud another ran a very tolerable' risk of starting a miniature "Donnybrook fair." Well, one Saturday,-' Bill had occasion! to go iuto Belfast with a load of produce.' and after disp sing Of hts load, the nsnal result followed. He got pretty well full,' ppd some of his friends put him iiito bisj dray. He appeared at the time to be; capable of driviug home, and he ' daly started. This .would be about 4 o'clock ou a wiuter's eveuitig. i Mrs D. was always anxious whon herj husband was absent, as she knew only too; ¡well. hin weakness, and on« this oecasiou, ¿he seemed to have some premonition of; coming evil. Do what she would, she! o mid uot ease her miud, and as darkness came on sh« put ou a hat, aud going to the "slippanel," which was about 200 yards from the house, she waited in sus- pense for a couple of hours. At last the welcome sopad of aa advancing dray; came' to her ears, aud thero was only one vehicle at all likely to bo coming up the lane she became calmer. Laughing at lier feara, she let d¡»wu the rails, ami ran back to (he house to make every prepar- ation for her " good man's " tea. Ia time tho dray drew up in front of tho stable, and the farmers wife waited patiently inside for some time. However, as he seemed to be louger thau usual unharnessing the horse, she weut ^ out to see whar, was the matter. Imagine her surpris» when she saw the horses still standing in (ho harness, patiently waitiug to be liberated. A hasty glance showed her that Duuu was uot iu the dray, aud sim thou hastily un- harnessed the animals. _ Hour after hour passed, and still no sign of Duuu, the woman wearily watch- ing aud listoniug. Daylight found her still keeping her vigil, aud, as soou as it was sufficiently light, she weut out to the paddock, caught oue of the horses, and, having saddled it, started off ou the road for Belfast. At that' time there were only two houses along : tho road between Duuu's farm and the town. At each of j these she inquired, but could hud no tidings of the missing ono. Eventually \ she reached Osbornes Hotel, to receive the alarming intelligence that her husband had departed for home at 4 o'clock the previous day. lt u«w ssemed certain that Dunn had met with some mishap, and, acting on ad rice, Mrs. Daun reported the matter to the police. A search party was at once or- ganised. The rocky and hilly uature of the country, commencing a few miles from Belfast, made this a task of some difficulty, but, nevertheless, for two days the road, and the surrounding country for a few miles ou either side, was carefully exainiued, but without success, aud, after thc lapse of three days, the search was aba'ido led. Notliiúg further was heard of the mis- sing man until a fortnight after hisdistp pearance, when, OB the third Sunday night following, four young fellows, who had been kaugaroo hunting on the Ariugaruu, reported at the police strtion, and to other ptrtios, that they had seen the "ghost" of Dunn Mttiug on the stone wall which runs along the road, at a bead, about five miles from Belfast Of course they vere laughed at by the matter-of. fact sergeant ; but one person, more super- stitions than the rest, questioned one of the yonng fellows, a d this is w a he Isamtjfrom bim. ' Just as we turnod- the «harp bend th« side of Mrs Cook's faim, Bm Mahony and George were « féw yards in trent, when George stopped ail of a sudden and shouted, * Good heavens, chaps, look here; Harry and I run up, ¿od there as plain as I see you we saw Bill Dunn sitting on the wall. laang ont to him, 'How are you gettin' on, Bill F' but as he didn't answer, I started to walk rown the bank to him, The moon, which was rising over the hill, just then became covered by a cloud, and Bill disappeared. We never heard bini walk away, aud lie couldn't have got ovei the wall int » the paddock, for there was « little deep quarry hole just at the foot, and he didn't come ont on the road. W* then walked on a yard or two and agaiz stopped when the moon . came out fruir behind a cloud, but we couldn't see any thing then. George' <wd4 'walked bael to .where we stoppidhofora, aud*we agett saw him. It gave me a regalar ehtvei when '' I saw him the s cond time, bul George says ' Oh, come oh, Bill, no larks. We «fat no auswar to titi«, «nd George lei a yell out of him, and started" to run foi nome. I didn't wait either, aud, in fast we scarcely stopped running until we cami to the big hill., Such was tho narrative, and it causee Înile a sensation ia the quiet little town o! Mfast. However, norhiog was done that night bnt on the following day, agentleman witl a lit tie leisure went ont to the plaoe ii company with one of the quartette win had seen the '. ghost," and here the etragi part of thc story comes in. Sitting in tin xuarry hole mentioned previously, wa found the body of Danu, with his nee) broken. * # * * # . .No doubt many people will at once sa; that it was really Duuu's spirit whioli ha< appeared to these four young men, but '. commenced by' saying that my object ii panning these lines was to induce peopl when they observe anything which at th time is beyond their comprehension t pause a while, aud consider whether ther may uot be somo explanation of the pheu omenon. To begin with, the explanat ion of Dnun' death is simple enough. Jn-t opposite eli spot where his. body wa« f mud, tho ro.u takes a sharp turn"round the p »in* of ; hill spur. On the one side the hill is cu away, and a steep eubankinniit. sever* feet high, formed on the nt -.er bide nvei topping the steue wall along tho ruac By some meaus Dunn -moat huvo falle out of thc dray e.tthis spat. His nee was broken by the fall, - ai tlie body then rebounded over til wall into the quarry hole, froi which stone at one |time been taken fe mettftHing the road. Tho hole had be -oin filled with water to a depth ot' six or eight ! feet. But how about tho " ghost," say you ? Again easily explained. The moou when rising over tbe hills, at a certain height its rays became focussed on the small sheet of water, and by some moans, which scien- tists can possibly explain, a reflection of the corpse was shown, which, to the ob- server, appeared to be actually sitting on thc wall. And in this respect, doubtless, many circumstances which are regarded as having their origin in the supernatural could equally as easily be explained away. Victorian Farmer's Gazette. 