CHAPTER XII. IN THE rtAVEN. NEITHER Anne nor I dared < qutstiotf him,, nor did we venture to ultet apy 4'orffs of we!dome. It was no one We knew, but rather ,a ghost.of our old pfcy matp who Stood there asking for hisi fathbr; ip Anae felt, I.know, for without a word she went before him upstairs to his father'sfoom, and motioning Everard to »fait outside, entered alone, and gently wfok'e the old man. " Dad, there is someone come to'tee |ou," she said. " Can you ihink whb it is?" . ' Before he could answer his face showed that he understood, and she went softly out to bring Everard in and leaye father and son together. ? For a long time they remained alone, and I neyer knew what passed between them beyond what. Everard- told me-of his father's words. " I knew I should live until you came, oy; .boy," John Willoughby said. " God has been -so unvaryingly -good to me through life, I knew I could trust Him to let me see your face again Anijf now, if you think any reparation' is due to anyone, stay with me here until I go." . Bo Everard lived among us again, or rather with us, for we saw very little of hirn, and even in his presence there seemed to be the most impenetrable barrier between us. He was like a man; overMiom a bitterness worse than death had passed. In time, as I judged, being still so young, he would recover, but at' present he; was suffering, as I could, plainly see, from some horrible mental shdCl^; the siroccp wind of passion had burnt up for the time all that was fresh and youthful in his nature. As I had left Marietta's; presence that .night, stunned and horror-struck; as love' for her had turned Linwood into a cowardly traitpr, fend Hugh Draycot, his friend, into a madman; so her influeuce, always 'disturbing, always evil, sepmed to have robbed Everard Wi!!oujg$^ of a!l his frankness, his gaiety and <£arm, and re duced him 'to' a morbid, prematurely, aged misanthiope. ' He spent many hours in-his father's room, sitting there in perfect silence, or reading., aloud. He rarely appeared at meals, and spent the remainder of his time either alone in his study, or in pro tracted * riffcs.and drives in all weathers? ibouttbe neighbourhood. ' .Gradually, under piy treatittc;nt, he Recovered the1 perfect use of'his arm, which, life his face, had been severely burnt, apparently: some months before ; but he Vouchsafed no information to me pp .the subject; further than to saythat-it was ip a fire at an hotel in Friuice he had receivedithe injuries. - \- He was very courteous to Anne,. frho was unobtrusively gentle andtipd in her trianher towards him, and always brighter and livelier when he was there, - lest' he should in any way reproach 'himself on her account- But, indeed, I think at jthis t|me Everard took little heed . pf either , of us; and when, later in the year, his .cousin, whoBe* health was breaking down with constant nursing ana with her own secret grief, left th: .Chase for a stay of some months by the sea, he fell into an unbroken taciturnity which was terribly depressing to endure. So things went, on until the autumn of that year, when, not long after Uie 'anniyemiy of that terrible wedding*^; . and; his own, birthday, old John Wit' loughby breathed his last in perfect pek'tte,'wilH aft 'ohletoh who'm he' lo'vid best around "his bedside, with "that which should accompany Old age-! honour, love, odedittice, troops of friends," loswefcterj hip to mpinents 'Jj# world i,n ;which he ;had -tar seventy-six ycarslived and laboured-so 'well. | I think ' it was our common grief that softened Everard's heart towards "me and loosened his tongue at last con cerning those seven months of absencc. Two days after the funeral, on a cold tew. October evening, meeiing < me as I was waging down the long avenue of bare diesnuttrees, be came up to me and, with something pf his old affec tionate manner, drew' my arm through his, and began to walk backwards' and forwards over the broad drive where the dead leaves rose arid fluttered', past, us in the wind. t .** £ feel the want of a talk to you, old Hugh," he said, "before-1 go off on my travels again. I must stay for dip reading of the will, I suppose, though X knowjust what it s^ys;. for the dear old dad told <me'hinuelf all about it, and' I agreed with hint that he Hbd done the tight thing, as he always did* Little Ann? has a handsome allowance, so, that she is quite a rich'woman; and, after legacies, you 'ait to. have every thitig, and just give me what you like. Now, don't start , away like that, old man sdo you think I shtauld'let Such a thing-as that part ybu 'and me ? It set? me free, yjpu see, such an arrangement 'as that, to travel off. again as I ajp longing to, as I have teen longing to; more than ^yoii can pgsibly understand, for the past few momns.,yI fqpld not leave my poor bldf dad again;: but now that he has gone, there is nothing to keep him-and, to tell the truth, Hugh; I feel I shall go mad If I stay." . Ttyere was something I was longing j to. ask him, but yet I .have dreaded to I hear from his lips more concerning the hcartlessness of.that woman whose figure so constantly tormented my dreams. : " EverardjT'I said at last, " You need not answer me if it hurts you to. But but is she your wife ?" He turned towards me, pale as a dead man, with wonder and intense pain in his eyes. " I thought you knew," he said. " Po you think if she had been alive I should be here? She died in Paris .fiyc month's ago.'* I dropped his arm and fell back as though he had struck me. I had never for one moment believed that -she was dead. I thought she had tired, of,'and deserted hipi, btit never that,the <creat|ire of perfect health and glowing beauty' should have been afi^ 'this ittiile fnouldering in the grave; like a'nyy'j&her; dead, liselass tn'ing. . Everajd' neemedsurprised and touched' by evident ^motion ; and without any further question .from'me, he went on torelaite to me what had passed after I left him in Paris. with Marietta a jy^r . ago. " She had hot lime to desert me, as: she meant to do," he 6aid. "When % returned to her hotel, after driving about' the streets to give you the slip, I found the sitting-room empty: she was packing her trunks in the adjoining room./ L never told you that it had been arranged between us she.would see me in London the night before I was ?. to have' married Anne. VVhen,onreaching London, I drove to the address she gave rte after calling at my hotel, on the very steps of her. house | found a man taking leave of Her-a wretchedjinsolventjew.v-who had long been an admirer of here, so 6he told me, and fiadjust found her ^ut. 1 was furious with jealousy; but ? she quietied.tne, as she always could," and prpmise^.ito marry me the next morn-; ing,. and go aboard with me with the very tickets I had already bought. ?' The next morning, however, when'slie catifcd forme at my; hotel, she, flatly declined to marry'njeiif England, declaring4 that this Jew, Rosenberg, was dogging her movement,, and would create, a , scene in the church. I represented to her that marriages for aliens in Paris were! extremely difficult to; airthge, and 're- j quired far more time than in England. In return^ she lost her temper, and threatened tb desert me altogether for -this Rosenberg, if I did hot allow her to have her own way. The rest of, oiir movAnents until you came you ktaow, I suppose. X moved heaven and earth to get .a . license as soon as I arrived fn Taris: she. tortured roeby her hesita tion, playing with me and- middeniftg me by the notice she took of this Rosenberg, who followed us everywhere tefyitjg me at,pne moment sheiovedflie paMiohatebV, sending ;mc niad #jthj fcgr ktrVane^: \h£ next n>om'er^ fo^iftfjgt me for>hoy, and '^wWijjgJshc. haapp,.-, fjfeelfDjj; >hfl^ypr"/o?i j»e .; SKben ypji time; .1 did. tiotj believe yptj-I Tauld opt'. Sfte.hadbeen s,weetto me-that-ev^n iftg, promisirij{ to,marry roe as soon jis I cauldpranfie it-turning all my blopd to nre.'b^her tenderness 1 Ah, ? Hu.th, you don't tnow what it is to Ipve as she could mike'onel. .. " When!I iii^tuned, as jt 'teU^yoa, {and ypu had.left-for I learned from her you had talking to. her, arid I hated you tor it-she was .packing' l}or trunks. I Stood at hprdoor, and begged hf j.^o ppeak to me. She kept me waiting some ;time, and then cal)ed,put that she was packing, and ' would see me in .the ; morning. Aftpr seaing you, she said .she hid changed ne'r mind: 'she thought I had mjich better-go home to my father and 'AiiHi& r.As' i&flie;^l^; «hejhadf«jf1a , message.to M. Rosenberg's hotel, and he woul&call; for her in.&e; morning. " I toy^M^ier words: I pushed open the -tfupj^SSicid found her kneeling on the groundi'Ih a loose wrap per of muslin-And siUcmnd Jace^pscking a dress basket-: she heSda ta'Wdle in pftij Kind, whilqiwtti the pthpr sh,e carefolly ffjH in va<wii*#HtJe parcels.. , v.: " Whenlentered, shejustturned'her head and 'ordered me out bf her room, I wbuld not go- Ibehav$dli)ie a fqpl> I knelt idown .where I stood, *ndim plored her for my life's sake not to leave me. as I could not exist, without " her, Sheisteemed sCkrceiy td have tjhe p?§£pce to llmen., She, told me Iwisacfcild; that : she was alriadytired of mp; ana th&t; since M. Rosenberg vras richer "»h4tv I, she had decided to marry hirn. "Shis ijiid placed the candle onthe edge pf tbe trohk, and was leaning over it all the time, with her biick to me': tag tears, my prayers, my fury, were' ali o! no: avail. I «ra| so lost in the passion of the 'moment as to be deaf and' blind to all butjiet, when suddenly, right in the doortr#behind me, I saw two strange men standing, one pf whom held a paper in his .hand: I had tamed at Re sound pf his voice," willing on 'MaiJatne Mari etta'Samuels, also known as Mrs. Hugh Praycot and Mrs. Wilson.' to come with him, on a charge of being Concerned In. a diamond icbbeiy- committed six years ago. " Right behind the ihKn I 'saw the frightenedi curious faces of some of the hotel servants. Confused andstartled, I turned to her, and at the mwnent-I cannot tell just hoW' it h?ppene&£,but I , suppose that.iri^er alartti phe started tp her feet, upsetting- the candle, and made for hpr dressiog-ropra adjcMning- But before her .fingers could ^urn the lock s]ie gaveja terrible screajn, .And came rushing, not away from, but^jfiards, the grow in die doorway, flying forwards, wjt&^stttretched arms, and flames leap ii^kn& curling about fher. J caught herfproy arms,.wrapping my coat about ;her, she shrieking,'fighting, and strugg ling all the-whitet&but; -it" was some minutes ,befoTe we coald - subdue the flames that were devouring her light lacy clothing, and -she was horribly: burneq* and lay there in agohieS tiefote the'Spen' from whPse hands she ha? been snatched by an enemy more pitiless still. ?Jfil I.live to bea hufidred, Hugh, t Shall never forget how she suffered i And thfflpe is no pne who ever livedVho jiated physical pain so much as she; Five^ufhole months, Hugh,-tfcink of that I-lingering pnjhalf the timedeli.' rious with paitf.sSiSie^ could not 'be-: moved; sp JheiaW^pu.se^, was cheated after ; att i iiraS witK her all the time, I spent all tbe mobeyl haid brought all I could get, 'withobt applyingto my father-on doctors for 'hef, and 'I n$rer left her. ^ou think it w£s from Ipve, I' know: But long befpip she died it was only respect for,a dead love, and pity for a dying rtbman, that kept me by, her side.T, ..V " With her beauty lost, her charm des troyed, I saw' the soUl of , the woman, do you see; and too . sight'o)T physical pain could tie fe^liprritple as ltd listen to what she said in the darkness of delirium or even wheq. consdous, $he cunsed at p^in tihd .over her-lost beauty, and ordered me out of her sight, declaring th^ I was a&Jhfdgpujr; as she. It made an 6)d.ro*n of me, H»igh : and I could do nothing. nothing but sit there every day, and wa^ the,great eyes growings hollower as she sttued vacantly about her, and hear that lovdy.Voice growing weaker as she spoke incessantiy of some hornble pain in her shoulder,'from which die always imagined' tH her sufferings ? eame. But for two weeks before she! 'fled she grewqtfict, And her Ace/ which had n&T;&lhr; been 'much disfigured, | grew wowerfuily beautlfulagain. "As spon «s she was but of 'pain She was quiet and gentle enough. I brought ?her flowers and fruit and perfumes. More than once she thanked me gferitfy enough for nursing her; she! spak/t of you .also, and said you wertagopd'fellow -the best friend I could have. And on the last day, after tying stilt for hours, she suddenly started up, and' iti i des pairing'sort Of way, beggtt!J me to send for a priest-at once-as thfere 'was no, time to losie. I don't know what good she expected from his Visit, or to what -extent her mind was distracted by feVer ; 'but I complied at once with heir request, g6ing myself to fetch the priest, whose ' address <1 learned' at the hotel. And ' When he came back he and 1 together, she-was quite dead, and vhen he knelt . idown and pirayei for the repose of lipr fe touV »;cou!d only wish I'had the faith 