\- riET, BOURNE LETTER. 06-" Friday. ,caioa in political circles during k has 130(311 amost c0Dcentrated tlie impending Ministerial change apn s The Government have a Of chan-Jn«;tv"' but there are compli- which make it a thing difficult cations 0f.JMr Gillies's immediate to be Mr Service as soon as Sir Ilter\nefl ,'s decease was announced Ja®es , tbat Ministers saw their iodicntc ouid be prompt to avail chance, n . but it is understood tbefflsclve 'dia not eyentuate g0 Ur as inigbt have been hoped. fi"0raiL would have been to give Mr 0nn i! Defence portfolio and offer Mr B i seat at the cosy little table Sfslt jiinistevs — thanks to tlie'ihde- i iV TCcn-i'i'an, the office-keeper 6f Wliief Secretary's Department— do S on bill- prepation nights. After £8W vilcis of Coalition, Mr Service's tff0 K-.m of a seat at the council-table reSnn have seemed a singular repetition 7?e episode described in the first book Tlifld — ? -ai n, their passion with the words of- age, 1 v,jB Seat arose the Pylian sage, : SrieaMN03tor' m psion slali'd - - as honey from his lips distilled, fenerations now bad passM away, . , livhis rules, mid happy by his sway,. I o'er his native realm lie reigu'd 5 t the evimplo of the third remained. M here arose a difficulty. Yon could . a-k Nestor to be a shield-bearer. 1 neatest value would be in. his true lition as leader of the Council,, and Lto place him involved the super- -ion of Mr Cuthbert. You-will pro- Sytnow ere you read this how the Jfficulty has been overcome, but I shall „ct be surprised if, after all/it does not' fventuate in this accession .of Nestor to -telead and the Defence Department, jlr Cuthbert relniuing his present.pprt-. f-io find coutinuing to act as sword- llrer. The change would be a Loon ; \i'r Cuthbert, with his hesitating Muner, always seeming as if he were rJv half- priiued iu what he is talking stoat, and l»s unimpassioned lawyer- ge speech, is not at all a successful leiderof such a body as the reformed Council should be. T>re has been some talk of a change bihe Assembly, and as Mr Derham is p00r healtli, and is also notoriously ieweaklink. after Mr Nimmo,his depart rent having been carefully administered k subordinates, an effort is being made i» some quarters to back him out of the (Idle. Hope beats high amongst the expectancies; hut if the Government are thev will keep this bit of . bait : their pocket until the recess. It is a bi business to try to feed the hungry rib one sprat when the House is in «2on. There is a likelihood of achiev es the experience of that Mayor of IWbourne who said, " I never made so ray enemies for myself by one act in it life as I did when I nearly ruined ir-olf going the citizens a ball." Men wrote— 01 its a fearful thing to be no more, Oi if it be, to wander after death. To walk as spirits do in brakes all day, And when the darkness comes to glide in paths rest lead to graves and in tbe silent vault, Where lies your own pale shroud to hover j o'er it, j Saving to enter your forbidden corpse. : lei how much must the horror of a wntious ghost be aggravated by the r-fflj that ho has no assurance that tut shroud has paid duty to Her ly-tv's Customs as "an article of i vre, ' and that if he enter into it he s E-"be taken in process of arrest by i-aiive Christie, and retained as :i for payment. It is a terrible Etion to be in, and we may expect : c ghosts— atTany rate, those whose Ural tablets affirm they were, in life, , Uorable men — to burst their cere- : and hang their shrouds upon the « m the cemeteries rather than themselves to be hunted by Mr tar-on s and the Harbor Trust u- demanding the payment of the -Able tax and wharfage rates ou \--' dutiable shrouds. Alas, poor Jtvie used to be a popular impression yA-Sed in Cockney vernacular in the i f-E"b'eggs is h'eggs, and can never 1 ioDions but oar Customs Depart- : \--- knows better, and lias decided : eg"3 are not dutiable, but are "iv rom China in a condition I- , s they must have been pre- lhey came under the head of t , provisions, and must pay. As : -i however, as a tax upon fowl-fruit yed relatively higher than that on nTT3 c-v become eggs, and I pre- -! this absurd duty is removed , rerert once more to their classification. What funny things «rns through the Custom-house, ever would have thought we im- ;3eggs from China ? \- L-v u, S1-, le those about to die ee tone always pervades the i. 3 m the Legislative Council to \- ti t'a t one of its members, \- i „ 3 ®nst marked ou Tuesday. It r u.1! that Mr Cuthbert, from f e a colleague who had been iD lit .6 m House a fortnight before £. exPectcdiy- snatched, should -i in ®motf n , and several times he jfe P' to readjust his speech and |j f/lt e 'be choking feeling in his fe ""alittori Sargood, in H j "jjja j mtion, was even more i',CCTd bis voice was uncon- fKi- v-i 'i a fus.l' an,3 his words winged E- Lt mereK6 5" th,at .he was sPeaking K j i legislator and of the i. succeeded in earning the BIN ' Tvea 1'SSe('' but of the friend of m k>(tnV acquaintance. The difference '®se Post-mortem refeivnce3 in 5 51 y afld the Council is just 11 e«<-PT'essed iu the well -worn : t ' yeung may die, the old Wk, '-ctfhaT6'3'1- a lodging-honse is a Us? l,""lne spectacle, and even | a Victoria will somewhat Ml : bet, tww b>" Presenting it. But HI 's Imn . i - 6r bhyesty's representa- tl,;Ulag ab be Grand notably W&\- . ''i Siade Oa1'mou3 advance that has B ; ( t 0r ,, late years in the develop- ,-tots n,- G -co ee Palace system, ill."' course leave their cards iL ha\\-nCe evicted family W > rule ; et n better days." One of 11 ko im e Graufl is that not only P- ' mto«0atiug liguors be drunk at the tables, but that any servant of the establishment found bringivf it in to a guest renders himself ' or herself liable to dismissal. I wonder if His Ex cellency's orderly will be 'permitted, to slip in the back way with the beer- ig. Can anything be more gratifying than the manner in which Victoria has re sponded to the call of her kinsmen in England. Here we are, at this time of writing, with over £13,000 to our charitable credit. No wonder our efforts have been greeted with enthuiasm and emotion by thousands and thousands, aye, scores of thousands, of men who when in full work have a stern struggle with starvation. The cables say that the news that £3000 was forwarded in one day was received with loud cheering. Victoria's action has been a veritable stretching of hands across the sea. What rather astonishes me is that the response, from tho United States has been poor. Compared to Australia's effort and taking the relative size and wealth of the two countries into proportion, it really has been nothing. But it serves to throw our own into holder relief, and therein serves as a foil. But we want no comparison of that kind to spur us on. Our own flesh and blood were in the worst kind of want, and we have stretched out our hands to help. them. No better feder ation sermon could have been preached. In no more forcible manner oould we have shown that Australia is loyal to tho old country, and prepared to bear a portion of her troubles. Better far, to my mind, . has been this expression of sympathy with the wretched dock labor ers than a dozen Soudan contingents. There is trouble in a certain theatrical camp. From what I hear, it would seem that the ambition of the management to provide the Australian public with the latest novelties lias o'erleapt itself and fallen very prone on t'other side. -They have found the truth of the saying that you can have too much even of a. good thing. It is all. very well to engage the best and freshest talent; but where is the good when you have no theatres in which they can play ? And this is just the feeling that some members of the management have for the efforts of a third who recently returned from Eng land. Besides, a good actor nowadays has to be paid a large salary, and when a round dozen of these are walking about doing nothing but drawing their screws tbe expense becomes a grave one. I bear that a meeting of the partners was held on the subject, and that some warm things were said. The- difference in. the colonial en thusiasm over the recent champion boat race, won by Searle, and that in which William Beach won the honors for Australia has been very marked. One member of the metallic profession informs me that he was commissioned to back Searle for £1000 three weeks before the race, but had tba greatest difficulty iu betting a fourth of that amount. The explanation is that the public had lost faith in Searle after the way in which he acted at the Brisbane regatta. There is an axiom in sporting circles to the effect that "once a man has been ' crooked' he is not to be trusted again." Many a man who would like to have had " an interest" in the present race was deterred from doiug so by this circum stance. It is a pity that the champion ship so worthily upheld by Beach should have had even this smirch on it —all the more that Searle is undoubtedly an athletic phenomenon. In connection with this event, it will perhaps, he interesting to your non- betting readers to lcuow how the betting market is worked. Like the commercial Exchange, it is all a matter of " bulling" and " bearing," as for example : Some two weeks since a cablegram was received in Melbourne containing one single word. To anyone not in the mysteries, this word had the simplest of meanings. But to the initiated it bore the intelli gence that O'Connor could have no sho«\ and that his chance might be betted against freely. A certain time was allowed for this operation. Then when considerable monej at evens was on, the city began to be spread with the news that Searle was ill, that O'Connor had done a wonderful trial, that his country- ' men were hacking him freely, and similar wires. That was to drive Searle back on the betting, and make O'Connor a corresponding favorite. And so the little game lias been worked backwards and forwards for the last two or three weeks — indeed, right up to the time of tbe grand coup, I tell you, there is more in the betting profession than most people dream of. The other day we bad an old man up at the city court who returned his age at 102. That of course would require a liberal discount to make it creditable ; still, the veteran was grizzled and de- erepid enough to have been any age from 50\. to 100. He was an olcktimer and knew Tasmania and Victoria in the very early days. But what gained the old chap more sympathy' than even his advanced age was the resolution he displayed not to he sent to the Benevolent Asylum. He had been there before, and knew that it was "no fit place for a gentleman." Now we have an old lady — -a very old lady—making an even more indignant protest against being cons'gned to an institution which she declared was "not fit for cat' le." What is the moaning of this dislike among our paupers to our asylums ? Is it a pride borne of our free colonial institutions, or is it— and here I pause slightly — that there is something in the complaints that, are ; made time after time, that the arrangements would bear some alteration, with advantage ? But then old people are known to be very crotchet'. While we have been . studying the details of the Battle of Waterloo at our cvclorama, our Sydney brethren have beeii intent on the famous Battle of Gettysburg— that sanguinary struggle that proved the turning-point in the American civil war. - By-and-bye, how ever, an exchange is to be made of these battles. While I shall be sorry to lose Waterloo, I shall gladly welpome Gettys burg. I know of no mora instructive or entertaining half-hour to be spent than in gazing on these desperate items in the VI orld's history. , . Dextal.— ThTnext visit of Mr Tayler - I dentist, to Beechworth will be-. on Friday I 20th inst., when lie- may be consulted' a l the Commercial Hotel. 