Wk Wxiûitn @mxm SATURDAY, DECEMBER ll¡, 1889. THE European Press may be excused for ita perpetual pre-occupation with the subject of war. The incommensurabie issues of an appeal to arma in Europe are only too obvious. Even Australia has an interest in the subject, which is far from being platonio. Year after year the approach of the Northern spring is viewed with shuddering apprehen- sion, and the prayers for a long winter in the South-eastern tableland of the Continent, where lies what .the Latin poet calls the "moat loathly, cause of war," increase and multiply. Wintet has just set in, and yet we find the Times already anxiously considering the fold, old question, and doing its best j to discredit the neces- sity of "that! frightful general war which the pessimists foresee." Certainly there is a plentiful harvest of tokens that the personages, who seem most able to fulfil the Sbaksperean requirement of the ability to "cry ' Havoc ! ' and let slip the dogs of war," are in no great hurry to do so. The speech o : the German Emperor at the recent ojening of the Reichstag, read during his absence in the South by Horr von Bcettichor, is emphatic beyond all cavil in its pacific character. "The hopes," it says, " expressed to you by his Majesty the Emperor on 22nd November of last year from this place, that the effort made with God's help to maintain the peace of Europe would succeed, llave not only been realised up to now, but Ithey are strengthened for the future by the personal frelations which bia Majesty tho* Emperor has since culti- vated with the Sovereigns of friendly and allied neighbouring\coúntrie8. These have served to strengthen the confidence abroad in the honest love of peace animating the policy of Germany, and to justify us in the belief that the peace of the European world will be maintained on the basis of existing treaties with God's help for this next year also." Australian interest in all this reaches the acute point only with reference to the possible participation of Great Britain in . the general mûlée, and, though Mr. Gladstone has already sonorously Bounded the» bugle of alarm with regard to the foroign'policy of the Salisbury Government, it is pretty clear that the general temper of England is thoroughly averse to war. The presence, too, in the Governmental camp of the dissentient Liberals, whose alliance everyday becomes of more vital importance to the cause of coercion, in tqo face of the steadily adverse results of the ¡by-elections, can at least, it is tobe hoped, bp counted upon as a guarantee of no active indulgence in Jingoism, and the Turcophile initiative of Lord Beaconsfield. Prince Bismarck, at any rate, seems to th nk so, and what Princo Bismarck thinks is generally what it is correct to think. In his characteristic speech at Hamburg, at the be- ginning of October, ho declared that he " belie 'ed the peace of Europe was assured, to which Great Britain had con- tributed not a little by acting as the fat ox chewing the cull instead of playing the part of a mad bull." Great Britain as the fat ox, chewing the cud in the midst of the ferocious menagerie of the European countries, is admirable. It is a perfect verbal cartoon. Another cause which has contributed "not a little" to tho (security of peace is one in which the Imperial Chancellor, for pretty obvious reasons, is more reticent. The French elections mean nothing if they do not mean that France too has " an honest love of peace." Boulangism was looked upon, and looked upon rightly, as out- and-out Jingoism. The Russian alliance and a "spirited foreign policy" in Egypt and elsewhere were confidently ex pected as the result of the threatened dio tatorship. Just ' before the elections, the General issued a manifesto under the some what ambiguous title of «ii appel supreme, which, being interpreted, may read either as a final call or a last appeal. The irony of events gave it the latter significance, but its close modelling in tho trumpet-blast bulletins of the first Napoleon, with a cross streak of the inflated diction of the " Marseillaise," Bhow how it was intended. "Electors," it begins, "the hour of deliverance has sounded. The people have the right to speak. Let us march to the voting, win, and drive from power that fatal baud who sully the Republic in making use of ita name. Enough of these men who to gratify their cupidity, their passions, and their hatred, have done violence to conscience, crushed liberty, and prosti- tuted justice. J? nough of these pretended sons of the devolution, who, in order to celebrate ita centenary, scoffed at national sovereignty." The close is less epical, but more defiuite. " Forward against the com- mon foe, Opportunism, which has been able only to give France & Government of boast- ing and intrigue, of lies and jobbery." Boulanger has over and over again, when [ driven into a. corner, denied that he preached the gospel of the German war of vengeance, but everyone knows in every country under the sun what a "spirited foreign policy" means when put into prac- tice by the local Jingos. The most un- scrupulous of all the unscrupulous bids of the brav' general was that which, iu pursuance of this policy in the clouds, he made to the bondholders of the Panama Cnnal. He undertook to make the failure of the company a national affair, if the pVjwer was intrusted to him, and to carry through what was essentially a private commercial speculation as a State enterprise. The full force of this bid is only apparent when we reflect that, thanks to the once overwhelming prestige of Ferdinand de Lesseps, the vast bulk of the capital subscribed for the undertaking came from theprudentpocketsof those4,000,000 peasant proprietors who own the greater part of the French soil. The recent French civilian Governments have not been remarkable for moral courage, but they certainly showed moral courage on this occasion, and in no stinted degree. Immense commercial pres- sure was brought to bear on them to naturalise the Panama Canal, and the im- perious political necessity of "dishing" Boulanger was urged upon them by many of their supporters; but they remained firm, and rejected this most immoral proposal. The result was that they cast into the hands of their then apparently more dangerous op- ponent a large, organised, and desperate band of party agitators and political propa- gandists. France, however, was true to her- self, and though she must keenly have re- gretted the utter collapse of the most gigantic engineering scheme of the age, with all the-wide-spread misery which it entailed within her borders, still the alterna- tive was infinitely worse. The utter defeat of Boulangism has indeed meant the utter collapse of the Panama Canal, and the rival American scheme of Nicaragua may be now looked upon as more or less definitely assured. With Germany and France both really ani- mated by " the honest love of peace," with Austria really animated by the honest terror of war, and the Triple Alliance still unshaken, and receiving, as a pacific guarantee, the moral support of Great Britain; with Turkey and the Balkan Slates more und more realising that whatever else might happen in "that frightful general war which the pessimists foresee," they would assuredly be gobbled up by either Russia or Austria, the prospects of European peace even during the next year are more encouraging than they have been for some time, and, always excepting the incalculable bolt from the blue, Australia may feel that she at least stands no great chance of being concerned in the approach- ing Armageddon in any more intimate capacity than that of an interested but dis- tant spectator._ MR. HENRY TRYON'S report upon the diseases which affect fruit trees and other economic plants in the Toowoomba district has been a long time coming, but, as that gentleman explains, his leisure has been largely occupied with other inquiries, as well as with the work in the museum, which is his regular business. The details connected with the inquiry must necessarily have extended over a long period, and the merely mechanical work of writing the report could have been no easy task occupying as it does over a hundered pages of ordinary Parliamentary ßize. Although there have'boen some complaints at the long time which has been allowed to pass between the initiation of the inquiry and the publi- cation of the report, those who study it and bare in mind the conditions under which it was prepared will no doubt arrive at the conclusion that the three years and a-lialf which have been occupied over it, even if , the time could have been shortened, cannot have been illspent. The report ought to assist in improving the condition of the fruit-growing industry in the Toowomba district, and in- deed in all districts where pomolo gists have the good sense' to act upon the suggestions contained therein. Mr. Tryon refers, in the preface to his report, to the gardens he visited and the persona with whom he came in contact when he visited Toowoomba for the purposes of the inquiry. He then briefly notices previous inquiries, the soil of the district, the state of cultivation, the " cultivation of pests," the "introduction and dissemination of plaut pests," and the "discrimination between friends and foes " which ought to be but is not practised. The first chapter is confined to a notice of " the chief varieties of fruits growing at Toowoomba, the extent to which they are cultivated, and the diseases to which they are subject." The next five chapters are devoted to the diseases of fruit trees, a description of their enemies and methods suggested for dealing with them ; then come two chapters dealiug with vegetables ; and these are followed by others on cereals and fodder plants and their enemies. There is also an appendix dealing with the application of insecticides, and another giving a list of birds which are re- puted to be insectivorous. Illustrations are given of Bpraying and powder-distributing instruments which have been found ser- viceable in contending with the innumerable insect and fungoid pests which are unfortu- nately so numerous and destructive. Apart from its general usefulness, the report has a scientific value, inasmuch as it describes the life history of many of these para- sites, which have hitherto been per- mitted to carry on their depredations iu comparative obscurity ; it also gives promi- nence lo the history of others which have been previously described but are not gene- rally known amongst those who are most interested in effecting their destruction. To most persons it will bo more useful from the practical rather than the scientific point of view. Several points which the report refers to require special notice, not so much because they tell us what was not known before, but because coming before the public in this way they emphasise facts to which we have on previous occasions referred, and confirm the conclusions lo which those facia seemed to point It has long been known that the pests which infest orchards and cultivated lands are more numerous than unobservant persons suppose, and that many of them are not indigenous to the country, but have been introduced and allowed to multiply to an almost unlimited extent through the apathy of the very per- sons whosa business it ought to be, as it certainly is to their advantage, to check their spread. It has been known too that the various diseases which affect plant life, after having been introduced, are encouraged tolocate themselves permanently through the want of judgment which is so commonly displayed by persons who plant fruit trees and call themselves fruit-growers. The suitableness of the soil and climate of Too- woomba for fruit - growing are beyond question, and an unlimited supply of fruit ought to be obtained from there. The excuse, however, for not having a greater abundance is the insect peat and the flying foxes. The latter are a terrible scourge, but even their numbers can be dimished by energy and perseverance. But the people round Toowoomba-we speak generally donotunderstand much about fruit-growing. Let us take a supposititious case to illustrate the absurdities that Mr. Tryon points out. Mr. Blank has determined to plant an orchaid, and accordingly he proceeds to select a suitable site. The land he chooses is just the thing he wants j it looks excel- lent, and if the plants do not like it, so much the worse for the plants whose want of intelligence is really annoying 1 Some of them do not like the scorching aspect in summer any more than ita blustering bleak- ness in winter, and they would prefer it les3 level and with better natural drainage. However, Mr. Blank " prepares" his land and plants his trees, many of which are seedlings or suckers from other trees whose parents have been seedlings or suckers from generation to generation. The place evidently does not suit them ; the soil below the surface they seem to think should have been more thoroughly broken up for their "benefit, and they do not send their roots far downwards or outwards, for they are in holes which are like tuba with no getaway even for the water, and just beneath them is perhap3 a bed of that gravelly-looking ironstone, which may be seen on the Drayton-road. Some of the trees are more happily situated than others, and look better, but the ground is not cleaned and culti- vated, and there ia soon a mass of weeds and rubbish there which absorb the moisture when it rains, and at all times harbour fruit pests. The trees not being healthy invite the attacks of these 'insects. Native birds-never mind if thoy do eat insects-are not protected. The fruit when it forms does not fill out well, and much of it falls withered from the trees, and is left to rot on the ground. Of course the oranges, lemons, &c;, are scaly and suffer from black blight ; they are not cleaned, and these pests multiply quickly. Peaches, plums, apricots, and other stoned fruit are attacked by the fly, and fall maggoty amongst the weeds where the maggots mature. Presently every fruit almost is attacked by the grubs, so rapid has been their reproduction in the untidy place which forms a sort of propagating nursery for them. And so the plague continues, even to the peaches which grow so readily along the paddock, unless the fowls or pigs eat the fruit as they fall, and so destroy the immature maggots. Mr. Blank does not succeed with his orchard, and probably uproots his trees in disgust and becomes an equally unsuccessful farmer. We have only enumerated some of the causes which contribute to failure in so many instances. Ignorance of the first principles of cultivation, inattention to the state of the planted ground, and the cleanliness, pruning, and general welfare of the trees, heedlessness of the existence and spread of disease- these are common causes of failure to which Mr. Tryon refers. Success can be achieved ; but if it is to be thorough, a site which the trees like must be first selected, the ground must be thoroughly worked and kept clean, each tree must have space enough, must be pruned, manured, and attended to with all diligence, the best kinds having in the first instance been chosen. The fruit must be thinned and all that are damaged or rotten at once deatroyed. lu a word, a thorough system of cultivation to which all these details belong must be rigidly adhered to and the best results will follow. Only in this way can fruit culture become what it might be iu the Toowoomba or any other district. EVERY sensible person will sympathise with the remonstrance appearing in Friday's issue over the withdrawal from the Evangelistic Choir of the use of a Govern- ment steamer in rendering their voluntary New Year's service to the inmates of our Dunwioh Asylum. The matter were of less consequence if Dunwich were au ordinary port of call for steamboats ; but, since it is practically inaccessible apart from special steamer hire, the withholding of the usual accommodation is little other than an act of cruelty. Mr. Adams, leader of the choir, has reported that the only objection stated lo him was that the Government did not feel called upon to provide his choir with a pleasure trip. The remark is at once so Bhaliow and heartless that we cannot help hoping lhere ia some mistake. For really the Íileasure or otherwise of the choir is the east part of the matter. We see no valid reason, indeed, why in seeking to make others happy they themselves should bo miserable ; and we cannot suppose that the authorities would be better satisfied if the choir were conveyed to Dunwich in sime unsavoury hulk, such as the Mary, in which all possibility of a " pleasure" trip would bo precluded. But the real point in hand is the "pleasure" of the poor old souls in Dunwich, for whom the choir, by discoursing sweet music and distributing miscellaneous gifts, seeks to provide a happy New Year's Day. Not many such days come round to the slow-beating hearts who are drinking life's most nnmeous dregs in our State benevolent asylum. The good superintendent and his coadjutors do their best amid pressing and depressing duties to relieve the monotony of inmate existence by getting up littlo treats ; and none but those who have been lhere know how much they are appreciated. But the New Year's visit of the Evangelistic Choir is the great treat of the year, carrying the three plea- sures of anticipation, possession, and retro- spection ; aud of all the little cheeseparing economies to which the Government could give themselves none could be more un- popular, because more distinctly heartless, than the withholding of the usual means of transit for the choir on New Year's Day. Many a time the Lucinda has steamed down the Bay for the selfish gratification of its well-to-do company ; is it too much that it should once a year carry joy to the hearts of the unfortunate'? There is a suspicion abroad that sectarianism is at the bottom of the meauness. Were it the sectarianism of Church of England or Nonconformist it would be rightly and universally denounced. Nor should it be spared if it be the sectarianism of the Roman Catholic. Is it other than mean that because a propor- tion of the inmates of Dunwich are Roman Catholics the Protestants should be shut oat from their little annual enjoyment ? But it is as baseless as mean ; for no sect is known in the favours dispensed on New Year's Day, and the songs sung and pieces played can do no harm to anybody. Will some prominent Roman Catholic speak out and tell us that his Church has no sympathy with this transaction 1 There are not so many of us bent on spending time and energy for others' comfort that the Government can afford to frown down the little philanthrophy that does exist. His Excellency the Governor, with Lady Norman and Miss Norman, was present at the annual distribution of prizes in connection with the Brisbane Grammar Schools, whioh took place yesterday afternoon in the hall of the boys' school. The Governor was accompanied to the platform by Sir S. W. Griffith and other trustees. After the reading of the reports of the headmaster and lady prinoipal, hia Excel lenoy made a brief address, commenting on the satisfactory state of the sohools as disclosed in these reports. Sir S. W. Griffith, in thanking the vioo-regal party for their presence, ex- pressed the hope that before many years a university would be established in Queensland, áUÜ his Excellency stated that he would like to see a Queensland university established durinp his term of omeo. His Exoellenoy Sir Henry W. Norman paid his second visit to Toowoomba yesterday. Accompanied by Lady and Miss Norman and his suite he left the Roma-etreet station by apeoial train at 5.20 p.m. The primary object of his visit is to distribute the prizes at the Toowoomba Grammar School to-day. From the Gazette we learn that the ceremony will begin at 2.30 p.m. to-day. The boys have arranged to present an illuminated address to their illustrious visitor, and have ereoted a triumphal arch in his honour. Sir Henry has consented to plant a memorial tree. It is understood that his Excellency will re- main in Toowoomba until the 18th instant. It is reported that in addition to taking the portfolio of Colonial Secretary Mr. MaoroBsan will continue to have charge of the Mines Department, and tho Works Department will be placed under Mr. Nelson, the Minister foi Railways. As stated in Thursday's telegrams, the Minister for Railways and Mr. J. Mathieson are at present examining the route of the Ingham Railway. Mr. Johnston, with Mr. Stanley (Chiof Engineer), is engaged in inspect- ing the Cairns line, and it is oxpooted that farther professional advice will bo required ere somo of the difficulties in conneotion with this work oan bo satisfactorily overooine. It will bo remembered that Mr. W. Little, M.L.A., described some of tho hills over whioh this line is to pass as so steep that "a orow wonld require a breeching to fly down them," and his description is said to bo almost as true as it is graphic Mr. Nelson, the commissioners, and Mr. Stanley, are expeuted to return to Brisbane about the 23 rd instant. Tho' current (Doooraber) number of the " Centennial" is to hand, and a very excellent ono it is. The fault of the last number was the excess of general articles, and particu- larly of those dealing with tho gonus colonial author. On thiB ocoasion the general article is somewhat too suppressed, but the abundance of short tales, all good and well illustrated, is not a misbalance of the sort that is likely to prove otherwise than popular, particularly in a "speoial holiday number." Tho frontispieoe is really a work of art. It represents one of the stained glass windows in the Centennial Hall in Sydney, which was designed by Mr. Luoien Henry as an allegorioal design of New South Wales, " 1788-1888." Mr. Parker opens with a serios of poemB entitled " In Ohildland," embellished and adorned by a series of charming pictures by Madame Roth. Mr. David Falk has a complete tale, "The Castaway of the Barrier" (also illus- trated), while Mr. James Smith contributes a descriptive article on *' Melbourne in tho Fifties." Tho verso in this number is pleasantly above the avorago, and it is tho ladies who woo tho muse to the best advantago, and Miss Francis Gill and Miss Louisa Meredith eaob hava a graceful poem on the subject ol "Suspense" and "Tho Praying Mantis" respectively, whilo Miss Edith Lamb, another of the pootosses, contributes a well written tale, "One Alono." Mr. H. L. Jaokson replies to the vigorous artiole of Mr. Hobble white on "Artisan Scepticism and Empty Ohurohes" in a recent number. Rolf Bolderwood has his usual monthly instal- ment of " Nevermore," some of the illustrations of which are really admirable. Mr. Hodgkin- son has had evil treatment at tho hands of the printers and proof correctors for his sketch on "Australian Ghosts." "Austialie," who now assumes her full name of E. " Australie" Heron, gives a bright " story for children," entitled " Tho Shepherd's Blessing ;" while Messrs. Lewers and Cowle oome forward now as collaloraleurs in prosa as woll as verse, and discourse on "The Art of Wooing." Therein we are warned that "one of the most serious hindrances to the successful accomplishment of the art of wooing is the illogioal prooess of falling in love." Queensland lads and lasBes will scarcely endorse the paradox. Mrs. Meggy has a touching little sketch, callod " My Wife." And Mr. Binden oloses a very attractive number with yet another little sketch called "Mordeoai." The " Centennial" has won ita high position well, and it holds it well. The following fixtures have been arranged for to-day for clubs oonneoted with the Queensland Cricket Association :-Alberts v. Belvidere« (Aitohison's Ale Challenge Trophy), at the Association Ground, Bowen Bridge ; Stanleys v. Unions, Union Ground, Toowong ; second Alberts v. Yorongas, on the Yorouga ground; East Brisbanes v. Second Unions, at East Brisbane. A meeting of the Brisbano Committee of the London Dook Strike Belief Fund was convened for yesterday to decide what should bo done with the balance of the money in hand, amounting to £440 odd. Only the mayor (Alderman Galloway), Mr. Thoa. Finney, and Mr. HinoholiSo (hon. secre- tary) attendod, and accordingly the meeting lapsed. It was decided to call another meeting after the Christmas holidays. Mr. T. Glassey, M.L. A. for Bundanba, will bo banqueted at Goodna by his constituents on Tuesday evening next. On Friday next Mr. Glassey will leave on a tour to Rockhampton and the Central districts. It is probable that he will address a public meeting at Rockhampton. Arrangements have already been made for Mr, Glassey to attend and speak at the annual meetings of the Labourers' and Carriers' Unions at Barcaldine, and of the Shearers' Union at Blackall. The Park Church Young Men's Guild held theirregular weekly meeting on Thursday night, when a debate took place on the question, " Is marriage as we have it in its Bocial aspeots a failure ?" The debate was the means of bringing a largo assemblage of ladies and gen- tlemen to listen to the arguments that might be put forth on the subject. Mr. ' J. L. Muir opened the debate in the affirmative, and Mr. J, Macfie replied in the negative. The debate was conducted with muoh interest, and the division resulted in favour of the negative by majority of eighteen. Mr. H. Smith Lang, conveyancer, Brisbane, has been appointed a notary public for Queens- land, and her Majesty's foreign territories,, colonies, and dominions. As is already known, Mr. T. Mylae, Civil .- Service Commissioner, returned from tho South on Wednesday last. Although his visit was a very short one ho suoceeded in obtaining a most valuable and comprehensive amount of information with regard to the working of the Civil Service Boards in New South Wales and Victoria, so that the Queensland board will commença opérations with a full possession of the know- ledge whioh experience has enabled those boards to acquire. Mr. M. O'Malley arrivedfrom Bowen on Thursday evening, and the com- missioners met in the board-room for an in- formal chat yesterday morning. Their first official meeting will be held on Monday morn- ing, when prehminary and formal business will be dealt with. With respeot to a paragraph which wo published on Monday representing the an- noyance expressed by the residents of Cabbage- tree regarding the delay in the erection of their long-promised school, Mr. G. Agnew, M.L.A., interviewed the Minister for Publio Instruction on Thursday, and was assured that there would be no further loss of time in the matter. It appears that the greater part of the delay was occasioned in connection with the survey of the site ; but these preliminaries have now been satisfactorily adjusted and a tender has been accepted for the erection of the sohool. It appears that the first particulars published with respect to the capture of the Bunya black are slightly incorrect. He was first caught by the two South Sea Islanders, who knocked him down and handcuffed him. Then Constable McCarthy came along and, noticing that the handcuffs on the outlaw were several sizes too large, removed them, substituting a pair of his own. Then Constables O'Sullivan and Twomey came up ; O'Sullivan searched the prisoner, and a start was made for the camp, De tective Johnson being met after pro- ceeding about a mile and a half. Some of the articles in the possession of the prisoner were 15s. in silver, a hatchet, two butchers' knives, two pocket knives, and a large burning-glass. The capture of the Bunya black must have cost the country at least £300. At the time of his capture his pursuers numbered nine - one sub-inspector, six constables, and two kanakas. A few weeks ago the police force at Bunya numbered fully a dozen. In accordance with the instructions issued by the Chief Inspeotor of Stock, tho slaughter-house inspeotor visited the Co-operative Butchering Company's yards at Kedron Brook on Thursday for the purposo of examining the bullocks said to be suffering from aotinomyorosis. Ho found that all of them, with one exception, had been slaughtered and boiled down for tallow and that the report that these animals were to be used as pigs' food was in- oorreot. The hoads of thoso killed bore indi- cations of "swelled jaw," and the bullook remaining alive has some affection of tho throat, the nature of whioh has not yot been deter- mined. Instructions wero givon that this , animal should not be slaughtered until it has been examined by a veterinarysurgeon on Mon- day next. In the Supremo Court yesterday, before his Honour Mr. JuBtioe Harding, the fpllowing were adjudicated insolvent:-Collodgo Bros., of Brisbano, storekeepers, on their own petition ; first meeting 2nd January. T. J. Mulligan, of Brisbane, publican, on the petition of Quinlan, Gray, and Co., Limited; first meet- ing, 2nd January. James Ferguson, of Nerang Creek, storekeeper, on his own petition ; first meeting 24th January. Pearce and Marryatt, of Mackay and Cooktown, draper?, on their own petition ; first mooting 2nd January. Harry Motton, of Charters Towers, minor, in forma paupcris ; first mooting 2nd January. A painful aooident happened yesterday to Robert Quinn, a joiner. Quinn acted as fore- man of the joiner's shop for his brother, Mr. J. Quinn, the contractor for the Lady Bowen Hospital, and was tenoning a rail with a cir- cular saw when, by some unaccountable means, the piece of timber " kioked over," and his left hand ooming in contaot with the Baw tho fore and middle fingers wero taken off. Mr. J. Quinn arrived just at the timo of tho accident, and at onoe took his brother to Dr. Bancroft, who dressed the wound. The injured man loBt a great quantity of blood, but the accident is not likely to occasion Borious results. At the meeting yesterday of the Central Board of Health Inspeotor Marlow reported in favour of the closing of the South Brisbane Manure DopOt, as a portion of the nightsoil brought there was deposited in pits twenty-five yards from Sandy Creek, the water of which, although it necessarily had becomo polluted, was used lower down on the Thompson Estate for Gulinary purposes. A long discussion took place with respeot to the disposal of nightsoil by burning, and a general opinion was expressed in favour of that method. It was deoided to commnaioate with the munioipal authorities of North and South Brisbane on the' subject, and also to ask the Colonial Secretary to grant per- mission to the board to send a competent person down to the burning works near New- castle to inspect and report. A resolution was adopted, asking the Government to appoint a medical inspeotor and a sanitary engineer for the colony. Dr. Thomson opposed the motion, on the ground that it would be a confession of impotence on the port of the board. Ho stated that he would not oppose tlie abolition of the board if commissioners similar to tho railway or civil sor vico commissioners were put in their place. A suggestion was made that a resolu- tion be adopted, proposing that a commission be appointed to manage the sanitary affairs of North Brisbane, but no action was taken upon the matter. The Post and Telegraph Department advise as follows :-" Berne notifies cable Brest Saint Pierre and Anglo Company restored. Hong- kong notifies line to Canton interrupted. Ran- goon notifies Moulmein route to Siam inter- rupted beyond Indian frontier." The following entries bave been received by the Brisbane Sailing Club for the first race of the season for the cup presented by Lord Brassey : The Wannetta, 22ft., T. Goodall ; and the Bul- letin, 22ft., J. Whereat. The course is from the Hamilton rouud the Magazine buoy, and baok round mark boat at the Hamilton, passing the red buoy and Doughboy Creek buoy on the port hand going down and the starboard hand ooming np, thence round the red buoy and home. The entries for the 16ft. boat race ara the Sylvia, 16ft., G. Beal; the Daisy, 16ft., L. M. Bond, and the Arfoma, 15ft. lOin., S. Beal. The course is from the Hamilton round the Magazine buoy, and home, passing the red bnoy and the Doughboy Creek buoys on tbe port hand going down and the starboard hand coming np. The former race will be sailed under the old rules, and the latter under the new. Both start together, flying, at 2.30 sharp to-day, a prelirainary gun being fired at 2.26 p.m., and both finish between the Hamil- ton and the Candle Works wharf. The favourite exoursion steamer Beaver will make her usual trip to the Bay this afternoon. The usual weekly meeting of the Hope of Thompson Estate Lodge was held on Thursday evening in the Thompson Estate Public Hall, Bro. J. W. Kay, W.O.T., presiding. One brother wag admitted a member on clearance card, and one sister was initiated. After the usual business, harmony was indulged in, songs being sung by Bros. Ormerod, A. M'Gregor, Pullman, and Yonngberg, while recitations were contributed by Bros. Dear and ?Whit- worth. A vote of thanks to the visitera was responded to on behalf of the Star of Bethlehem Lodge, after which the lodge was closed. The hearing of the action Lancaster Fraser was resumod in the Supreme Court yesterday morning, before his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, O.J., and a jury of four. Some farther evidence was given by W. H. Kent in rebuttal of defendant's case. Counsel then addressed the jury, and his Honour summed up, The jury retired at twenty-five minutes to 12 o'clock, and remained deliberation till 4.20, when they returned into court to ask his Honour a question. They again retired, and wero absent till 6 o'clock, when having agreed upon some of the questions put to them by his Hononr, they returned into court. His Honour accepted thoir finding as equivalent to a verdict for plaintifi for £1500, and entered judgment accordingly. He reserved the question of costs. The oiroumstance that two of the jurors formed part of the jury in the aotion Power Bros. v. Q.N. Bank prevented the hearing of that case being resumed. In the expectation of an early verdict the remainder of the panel had been dismissed till Monday, so that it was im- possible to proceed with any other business during the af toroon. Tho hearing of the aotion Power Bros. v. Q.N. Bank will be resumed on Monday morning. A performance of Handel's grand oratorio, tho "Messiah," will be given in the Protestant Hall on Thursday evening next under condi- tions whioh should insure a more adequate interpretation of the music than wo have hitherto heard in Brisbane. Tho Brisbane Musioal Union and the South Brisbane Musical Society have joined forces for the occasion, and being further strengthened by the assistance of a number of professional and amateur friends, havo a choir and orohostra number- ing about 250. Judging from the full rehearsal held this week a great treat may be anticipated by lovers of music The ohoir seems very evenly balanced, and the orchestra should prove a strong one. Nor should the solo work be defioiont in merit, tho soloists ohosen being well known in the first rank of our vocalists. The performance is boing arranged as a benefit to the conductor of the two societies, Mr. Seymour Dioker, who deserves well of the members and friends of both. Arrangements have been made for the open- ing of Mr. Bland Holt's Dramatic Company on Boxing night, at tho Opera Houso, in tho spectacular drama " Union Jaok." Onr Ipswich correspondent states that yes- terday Messrs. Springall and Frost received a letter from Mr. H. Horniblow, Locomotive Engineer, concerning tho engino whioh they turned out from their works a fow wooka ago as the first of a baton of twonty-fivo whioh thoy havo contracted to build for tho Quoensland Government. At the time a trivial defect was noticed in oonneotion with a poition of tho engino, whioh, though speedily reotified, was tho means of inourring the adverse comment of thoso who appear to be of opinion that a first-class article cannot be manufactured in tho colony. Mr. Horniblow's lettor, nevorthelosB, should go far towards oonvinoing thoso sceptics that tho firm aro capable of completing in an efficient manner tho task they havo undertaken. Mr. Horniblow says : 'Having inspeoted the engine on many occa- sions in process of manufacture, I am of opinion the workmanship and materials are satisfactory.' As evidence of tliis, the engino has beon finally accepted by the department after running a test of 1000 miles, and is now doing excellent work in regular train servioo on the Southern and Western Railway." A meeting of tho Exeoutivo Committee of the Dunwioh and St. Helena Mission was held yes- terday afternoon at the Wesloyan Book Depot. Arrangements were completed for the annual mooting, to bo held in tho Wiokham-torraoo Presbyterian Churoh on Tuesday evening next, nt which the Hon. F. T. Brentnall has con- sented to preside. The balance-sheet was brought up, from whioh it appears that tho society, though in a bettor position than last year, is in need of further assistance. A de- scription of tho work of the society as compiled from the diary of tho missionary, the Rev. J. Macpherson, was road and approved for pre- sentation to tho public mooting. A supplement to tho "Queensland Govern- ment Gazette," issued yesterday, contains a list of accepted tenders for the oonveyanoa of certain mails during 1890, 1891, and 1892. The mails via San Franoisoo, per R.M.S. Mariposa,'to dato London 3rd November, are expeotod to arrive in Brisbano this morning, in whioh case they will havo oeoupied forty days in transit. A very superior collection of travelling re- quisitos is now being exhibited by Fmnoy, IBIOS, and Co. The assortment comprises travelling trunks, Gladstone fitted bags, cabin trunks, and all necessaries for overland and steamer journeys.-[AJDVT.] 