FICTION. i. i " ?!<). From English, A m cri cuti, ti uri O flier Peri ort tc*U». THE LOVSTHÏTTEUSTED. CHAPTER XIII. THE VICAR'S ADVICE!. Every newspaper of the day told the story of the railway murder, while each and all praised Äie prompt action of the police in securing the man accredited with the fearful deed. The real name of the accused being now known, it was hut reasonable to suppose that the excite ment at Gulcotes was intense. And here let me give all due credit to the feeling which actuated the vicar. No sooner did it become «loar that Paul Lorrimer, the thief and murderer, was actually Philip Lorraine, who had married his wife's friend, than Mr. Scioley set off at once te London. Travel- ling all night, he arrived in town early on Sunday morning, came to Charing Cro»s Hotel, and sent up his card to me with a request written on it that I would see bim. " Wey, sor, she's just -wonderful !" I heard Griffiths say in answer to some inquiry made by him while I lingered for a moment before entering the room from tht» bedchamber ; " but it stands to reason, she mun break doon by- aa'-bye-" Break down? No! Heaven helping me that should never be. And opening the door at that moment, I walked calmly forward. The fine, pertly figure of the vicar in his cassoak struck me as endowed with more than the ordinary dignity of his calling. "May the Almighty comfort you, my poor child' he said, pressing my hand which he continued to hold as he led rae to a seat-GI saw that he wa3 eonsiderably affected ; but an unerring instinct tcjld me something mere. Scarcely had I touched Ilia hand and met his eyes than I knew that although he felt for me a divine pity, at.the same time he be" lieved my husband guilty. This was proved to be the case by his next words. " I have come fov you-to take you home," lie said, impressively. i " I do not understand," I answered ; and indeed I did not. ,f My house, henceforth, shall be your home. The suggestion was Dora's, and has my full sanction. Here is a little note from her.** Í opened and read the little three-cornered note he gave mo ; but there is no need to transcribe the Wjliole. It overflowed wijbh expressions of endear- ment and pity, entreating me to come and live with them, and concluded thus: " Oh, Nellie, Nellie, theie is always something to be thaakful for, as the vicar says. It is indeed a mercy that you are safe and spared to us,!" "What can she mean?" I asked, pointing to the sentence. " I have not been in any danger." " You may be said to have had an almost miracu- lous essape. In the entire absence of all motive for the crime, it must be attributed solely to a homicidal mania, of which you or anyone might have been the victim. But let us not speak at the present on so distressful a subject. Come ! Dora expects you to return with me to-night. Mis Lorraine, I add my entreaties to hers that you will d» so " " Dora must bo out of her senses if she expects me capable of doing anything of the sort !" I exclaimed, hotly. Then remembering that, at any rate, the proposal was kindly meant, I added peni- tently : " Forgive me. Though I cannot do as you ask, I thank you both with all my heart." " Won't you trust me to advise you in the matter -or at least to consider our propasal9" But I only sighed and shook my head. " Then tell me your objections," he said kindly. " I would rather not, Mr. Scroley-unless you very particularly wish it." " I do. In order that I may at least try to over- come them." " Neither you nor anyone else could suc«eed in that. I preferred keeping my opinions to myself, but you are very kind, so I will tell you them. Marriage- as I understand it, Mr. Scroley-is a contract voluntarily entered into between two persons 'for better or worse.' Even if the worst bad happened, my place would still be by my husband's side. But I know he is innocent, and all I have got to live for now is to prove him so." " In theory, my dear Mrs. Lorraine, I own your argument is just and right, but there are cases where it would be absolutely wrong to act upon it. Pray do not misunderstand me. I-Dora-all your old friends-believ,e poor Lorraine guiltless in so far that he was not-he could not have been-ac- countable for his actions at the time-" " And do you think that assurance will Batisfy me ?" Not only all my friends but all the world shall know that Philip vías accountable, and yet, that he did not do the deed !" As I spoke, I clenched my hands to keep the rising passion down. M maddened me to learn that any of my old friends believed in Phifip's guilt. It hardened my heart against them and against the vicar. " Mrs^Lorraine," he said, " I shall say no more. I see you are acting from a high sense of duty. May that sustain you, and in time bring you its reward." Was it a seuse of duty that sustained me ? No. Let me give it a sweeter name and call it love. But I refrained from expressing my inmost thoughts to the vicar. He spoke of the consolation ©f religion, and here duty bade me listen with »L least avery outward token of respect, though I felt glad when he left me, and conscious of breathing more freely on {hiding myself alone. Sunday was a day on which little ccrald be done towards fur- ' inhering my husbardd's cause. Or. Waidy> I know, ' would go to see hioi, and I expected that, after i the interview, the doctor would como to me. But < the day passed into night, and he came not. while I watched and waited through all the weary hours wondering at the cause. On Monday, the major told rae Mr. C- was engaged working up the case for the defence, and wished to see me. I made some trivial objection. My uncle urged j I refused positively. He coaxed, then stormed j but I remained inexorable. Could I converse dispassionately with the mau bent »n the line of defence he had suggested? WaB it likely-or reasonable-to suppose that I would aid him in hie avowed endeavour to prove my husband -insane ? I had boen married a week now. My God ! It seemod to have contained the experience of a. life-time. " Why did not Dr. Waldy come ? When would I hear from Philip ? These two questions were indißsolubly linked together in my misd, and preyed on it to such an extent that I began to wonder if my brain could bear much more. But if my reason tottered beneath the strain, what then of Philip's f Was it tobe wondered at if his highly-strung, sensitive nature should in the end .... No, no, no ! I would'not-dared not think of such a possibility. It is probable that at this period of my life I lost all count of time. At last a packet was put into my hand. The envelepe was addressed t« me in my husband's writing. I broke the seals, and read CHAPTER XIV. PHIMP'S C«WFBSSION. " Nellie, my darling, my wife ! Your little note has raised a weight from my soul which was crush- ing it to the earth. I am in prison ¡ accused of robbery and murder ; yet you say you love me ! Can you continue to do so when you know all ? I seem to be just now awakening from some: frightful dream, and to wonder how I have lived through the horrors of it and praserved<my reason. I think-when your dear eyes met mine in court it trembled in the balance. How did you guess-what power impelled you to go there ? Could it bo the influence of one mind on another ? For hours before that awful ordeal my thought were entirely concentrated on you, my loved one, with an intensity that was anguish. Ifrwas an evil hour indeed wherein I deaided to keep this ead secret from your knowledge. I withheld, it hoping, to sjara you pain ; but what tenfold misery the concealment has wrought to both ! Can the repent- ance of alife time expiate that.wrong ? I had ceased te cara what become of me. I longed for death in any form. Until I got your blessed written words I had vowed to say nothing ia my own defence- to leave everything to chance, or destiny. I am aware that people came to visit me. to gase, probably with different degrees of curiosity but scarcely pity, on the silent man who saw. them only with his outward eyes ¡ their individu- ality he could not recognise. Even their words made no impression on his mental faculties, for these were by grief benumbed. Tour written words alone had the power of appealing to my inner con- sciousness. To you-and to you alone, since you ask it, do I consider myself in debt to make con- fessions of-the truth. I had been expecting a summons te London, as you kn#w, dear, it was long delayed, ilut wüea I ceased expecting it, then it came. I On Saturday, the 25th e£ September, when I reached Oldcastle after partisg from you, I found a telegram waiting for me. It was from the firm of engineers who had given me my appointment. It stated that the head of the firm was obliged to set out for Paris next day, and desired me, if pos- sible, to meet him in London first to receive his final instructions. I found I could leave by the four o'clock South express, and left by it¡ but, before doing so, I wrote a telegram to you. Surely my evil genius-which for soma time had ceased pursuing me-returned t» me at that moment, and promptad me to conceal from you the fact that I was called to London. With this end in view I requested that the telegram should not bo dis- patched uratil after nina o'clock. Herein lay my first mistake. And, although I fully intended telling you of my journey afterwards, circumstances prevented it-the fault became irremediable. I travelled as far as Peterborough alone. At that station thercwas a stoppage of a few minutes. I alighted and stood on the platform. The guard, about to close the door of the next carriage, was spoken to by someone inside. At that precise moment, his attention being thus occupied, a lady brushed past me and sprang into my compartment.* I followed her in closely, the door was slammed j behind us, and the train moved on, I then saw | that my companiois-a mere girl-was leaning back with her hand pressed on her chest and appeared striving to recover her breath, after-as I conjec- tured-a sharp run te catch the train. From time | to time I raised my eyes from my newspaper to ] look at her. She seemed restless and excited palled off her gloves, pushed back her h«t, loosened her mantle at the neck. She was never still. After we had proceeded some considerable distance she began, searching her pocket. . ? Qli !' she cried, ' whatever shall I do ? I've forgotten my purse.' She gasped the words in an emotional manner, at the same time looked at me. " I've no purse," she said again, " no ticket, no money." I feared she was exciting herself so that she would be ill, and offered t® help her, suggesting I would pay for her ticket when we reached London. Hoping to calm her I handed her my purse, requesting her to take what money she required. I saw her help herself to gold and silver. Then, with the money and purse still in her hand, she took out her watch and tried apparently to detach it from its chain. Too impatient and too agitated to succeed, she tore it off by sheer force, thus breaking the slender chain of Indian gold to which it was fastened. Placing the little watch, together with the purse, in my hand, she said : " Keep this until I can repay-" She stopped, uttered a stifled cry, and never spoke again. Clutching at her throat, she fell forward «n the floor of the carriage, struggling, writhing in mortal agany. I had no time for thought ; but guessing this to be either a paroxysm of madness or some sort of fit, I grappled with her with all my might, but my utmost strength was slight compared with that of frenzy. How long the dreadful struggle lasted I cannot guessi In " vaia I attempted te signal to the guard to stop the train ; raty hands wore too closely occupied in hold- ing the unfortunate girl down on the floor. At la&fc; her struggles ceased. She lay quite still. I raised her, placed her on a seat, and saw that she waB dead. Then all the awkwardness of my own position occurred to me for the first time. The poor girl- being found dead in the train would necessitate an inquiry, and I, as the only person acquainted with the circumstances of her death, would be required to attend that inquiry. This would inevitably cause delay, and delay to me at this particular juncture of my life meant oertain ruin to all my prospects, the one stipulation I regarding my Indian appointment being that I must leave England on Thursday without fail. This last thought decided me, and I determined that, voluntarily, I would say nothing of the sad tragedy I had witnessed. I forgot all about the little watch, which, in my haste to render assist- ance, I had thrust into my pocket. I forgot, t«o, that money had fallen on the floor when she was first seized ; but with a sad feeling at my heart, and a conscience that all the time upbraided me, sorely, I removed, as far as I was able, the traccB of the encounter from my clothes and person. The instant the train reached King's Cross, at 10'40, I was making my way out of the station before any of the passengers probably had left their carriages. I next went into a restaurant; and there the idea occured to me that the removal of my mous- tache might aid in frustrating any attempt to identify me as the travelling companion of the unfortunate girl. The interview I had como to London for was accomplished satisfactorily. I left again for the North by the 1*42 train on Sunday morning. The return journey being made without recognition, I hoped all would now be well. It was not until I saw the newspaper account of the affair on Monday morning that I realised the horror of the situation ; aud then, too late, deeply regretted the part I had taken. There appeared nothing for it now but to let events take their natural course. A chance still remained that I might be able to leave England witheut discovery. I made up my mind to risk that chance, and, if fate favoured me, T would write a detailed account of the whole sad story and send it to the newspapers. Fate did not favour me. I was seen and recognised. Two de- tectives accosted me at King'« Cross, with what result you know. I refused at first to give my name, and subsequently gave a false one ; and, in acting thus, I assert most solemnly I had but one aimr-to keep yon in ignorance of my peril. Alas, instead of this, each act and word of mine were changed to deadly rivets in the chain of evidonoe convicting me sf crime I had written thus far when Dr. Waldy came. He had been before it seems, laut then I was, in a manner, unconscious of his viait. Now, instead of finding a patient Buffering from some peculiar mental aberration, as he espected, he sees in me the man who was with his poor young daughter at the last, and is able and willing to demonstrate that it was an epileptic fit which killed her, a slighter fit of the sama nature having attacked her once before. It remains for you, my wife, to for- give mo, if you can. . . ." But here, to all intents and purposes, my hus- band's confession ends. The rest bears about it the halo of a lover's letter. Between Philip and me its words must be for ever saered. CHAPTER XV. WESTWARD HO ! Although the mystery of the supposed railway murder was at an end, Philip eould not be set at liberty by a cottp de main. But the delay was borna with moro equanimity by Philip and myself than it was by Griffiths. " What's laws for?" she argued indignantly, '' to keep innocent folk iv prisons an' let real mordorors < gan free ! It »ann tak a vory bad man te make a good lawyor. See ye the way maa poor maister's been trot. Wey, the Queen horsel owt te think shyem." And, though I spoke it not, the cry of my heart, was : My darling, my darling, who would have given I his life for me ! O why did justiere move so slowly ? { What strangely unaccountable beings we women are ! As the time approached when my husband would join me, free, without a stain upon his honour, my feelings underwent a carious change. ' The courage that hither had animated them, fled. Instead of exultation, an overpowering shrinking shyness took possession of me. I recalled the scene in the court- house, where, regardless of the crowd around me I had boldly denounced tho magistrate upon the bench. This and other acts totally at variance with ordinary rules of English propriety forced themselves vivfdly before me, and I remem- bered for the first tiaio that the man for whose sake I had done all this was my husband in name only. Philip, no doubt, would express my meaning in moio poetical language. I only know I felt as a girl might feel who had keen too forward with har lover ! But all this passed. The trial for murder came on. The same witnesses who had given evidence before we called again. The «ase looked black in- deed against the prisoner until the dead girl's father got into the box ; then, all that had seemed dark before became clear, and without leaving the caurt the jury returned a verdict of "NOT GUILTY." The judge addressed some kindly words t« Philip, who left the ceurt eurroumded by his friends. Meanwhile, my uncle-prompt in action as he was kind in heart-had " loaned" for w3, as he was pleased to call it, a pretty furnished house at Rich- mond. There Philip came to me as soon as he was free, and we sjpent a fortnight in most complete seclusion. There, too, muBt take place the last scene of my story. It was a dusky November afternoon. The entrance hall of our Richmond house was piled with luggage; but instead of being bound for India, it was addressed now to New York. In the drawing-raom Philip and I sat chatting and laugh- ing by the firelight. Presently, my uncle-it was his first visit to us-came and drew in his chair, " Seems kind of homelike, this !" he said, stretch- ing his long limbs across the fender. " I'm taking to doing the parental same as I'd been a father all my life." " You're the best and kindest father I have ever knawn, sir," said Philip, feelingly. " Well, and didn't I ought to be ? Haven't I all I came out to England for, and more ? I wanted a filly to lay my dollars on, and I've found 7ier ; I knew a first-class post Waiting for a clever young engineer, and I've gotten 7iim. I embark with my cargo to-naorrow. If you don't take with American ways, you've only got to say so at the year's end, and we'll seo about buying an old border castle here with historical associations, and a few ghosts thrown in." " Dear Uncle Jonathan," I laughed, " do tell me why you write 'America' in such big letters all over you ?" " Because I'm proud of the land of my adoption, niece Nellie. As a 'ne'er da weel' lad I sought her shores, and she made a man of me." "Major Musgrave, sor, will ye tak a sup o' tea?", It was Griffiths who spoke ; unobserved she had been quietly arranging the four o'clock tea table, and now she was dispensing the tea. " Eh, what, who ?" he asked, taking the cup, and looking sharply round at her. " Aa ca'ad ye by yor reet neam, sor. Thor's ne offence ?" "None. But I'm Mr. Musgrave. See? Anyone wishing to call me Major, must add the Higgins to it. I'm rather partial to the name I've made." " Uncle, did I understand you to say some Friends were coming to see us befare we leave : England? Tellmewhoi?" 1 ?^'?' ' ' ? ' "*- ' '?? «M " - " Half Gulcotes apparently ! Leastways Canen j Scroley and his wife, and I take it that's about the size ef them. The canon wishes to remind you of something he Baid to you about whist; his wife wanta to-kiss you; and Dr. Waldy seems still hankering after a bit of your husband's skull. Oh yes, just don't I know the story? Couldn't be long in the doctor's society without. As to tha young lieutenant, he confessed tome he was over head and ears in love with my niece Mellie. Love ? Guess he's a cute little customer that blind imp !" "Do you know what lave is?" I asked, all my laughter hushed. "0, uncle, do7i't you know? Then shall I tell you ?" "Tell me? Why, certainly, No1," he said, turning a sudden, grave, sympathetic face to me. And out of the fulness of my heart I spoke : " It is stronger than time, because it outlives it ; stronger than prison bars, for it snaps them asunder ; stronger than sorrow, for it turns that to joy. It is stronger than shame, for it knows it not ; and, as to death-it lives beyond the grave." For a few moments no ene spoke. Then Philip, laying hand on mine, whispered so as to be beard only by me. " Your faith in mo your love, your devotion-all this, my wife, I will repay, if my love can do it." "Aloud and in a lighter tone, he said: " Major, Nellie has described love truly. She ought to know; but she is a woman ina thousand." " No, Phil dear. On the cantrary I am OHO of a thousand-a very human woman." "Now then have it out between you, young people. I'm not in it. Come here, Mrs. Griffiths,' continued the Major as she entered te take the tea away. " Here's this husband and wife beginniug to quarrel already--" "Are ma bairns at it again? Eh, sor, they'll bo like ma man's twe dogs, aa's thinkin'. They fowt an' they fowt, until-" "Their sequol was that of the Hibarnian pussies ?" "Na, na," answered Griffiths, with a solemn shake of the head. " They'ed mair sense nor yon. They fowt till they got te bo the best friends passible. They agreed te diffor." " Behold a Daniel come to judgment !" remarked the major. [THE END.] [Tho place occupied by the tale now finished as above will on Saturday be filled by the opening chapters of an interesting and exciting new ' story, entitled " THE WAIF OF THE SE&."J_ 