SEPULCHRAL MONUMENT AT ROOKWOOD. . There has recently been erected orer Mr. T. Maher's family vault at Bookwood Cemetery a Celtic crosa which, for its colossal size, ita artistic design and finish, and the prominent feature which it makes in the landscape, il nf enmp Tmtirp. Thp riciliimtinn nnd genius of the Celts of tho British Isles de veloped a distinct style of art, very original and different from the rest of the world. From ite connection with Christianity nnd its extreme nationality it oilers to the archaeologist a study of extreme interest. The ancicut Celtic crosses are in some instances 30ft. high, are elaborately carved and ornamented, aud may without hesitation be termed tho most artistic mono lithic monuments the world has seen. The Celtic cross just completed at Itookwood rises to a height of 26ft. above the ground ; it is constructed of pure Carrara marble, and rests on the altar table forming the roof of tho vault. The weight of the cros9 is 37 tons, nnd considerable difficulty was experienced in tefcronce to its transit on account oi the immeiitto size aud weight of the various parts, one portion of the cros that now weighs nine ions was so heavy in it rough state tnat it required a team of 12 pairs of powerful Itakiau bullocks to carry it from the 'Caves to Carrara, where it was worked. Tho contractors were uuable to get any steamer to ship the work direct from Italy to Australia! on account of the size and weight of the various parts, so much delay waa caused by having to sendlit first to London, and thence it was transhipped here by sailing vessel. At tho intersection of the arms of the cro«s there is carved the symbol of too Holy Ghost descend ing in the form of a dove ; on each arm of the cross is carved a symbol of one of the evangelists, viz., an angel's head represent ing St. Matthew, a winged lion St. Mark, a bull St. Luke, and an eagle St. John. The remaiuing portions of tho front eleva tions and sides are subdivided into well- proportioned panels, containing carved re presentation of those beautiful intcrlncinga of ribbons and nnimals, snakes and dogs with topknots, A'c., intertwining together in the rnoBt fantastic maimer. The similarity iB striking that exists between ouo characteristic pattern of diagonal lines aud Chinese ornament, they ' being identical. This style of architecture was practised throughout Great Britain and Ireland from the fourth to the middlo of the 10th cen tury, aud reached its fullest development before the end of tho seventh century. Ouc marked difference between Celtic ornament and Grcok and Roman of the ribbon class is that the Celtic work is knotted together as in tho triquctra, whilst the Greek and Roman is simply overlaid alternately. The contractor for the above is Mr. F. Gag- liardi, of Sydnuy, who had tho whole of the work executed by his brother-in-law, Angelo Jiertozzi, of Carrara, Italy, from designs and fullslze details prepared by Messrs. Sheeria and Hennessy, architects. 