issue ? i . . . ? ~ o. li OUR NEW YORK LETTER. " 1 '(real OUR OWN ooRMsroNCsiir.J | In all thy greatness shrunk to this little measure?-ShakcttMiart. On Friday last, at Lovett's Art Rooms on Broadway, the posthumous remains of Letter Wallack passed under the auctioneer's hammer. There have been many greater and better men, men of larger acquirements, men whose lives or have left a more marked impress on the age and body of the time, but there are few in his own country who have held so conspicuous a place in the public eye, and who succeeded in getting such an ample reward for whatever talent he might possess, He came from a race of actors ; the acting instinct was in his blood, and it I never left him on or off the stage. He was always on pose, and as careful of the effects he would create at the cafe while discussing his pate" at Delraonico's as he was while figuring on the stage of his own theatre in Rosedale or Don Caesar. His vanity never deserted him tottering towards 70 in his afternoon walks along the west side of Broadway he strove by artificial aid to keep (the same erect port as when he divided the honours of the page with the handsome ? George Jordan 40 years ago. 1 Do the spirits of those who have crossed the Jordan's stormy, tide have cognisance of the things that go on in this little planet of ours i If they do, Lester Wallack ghost must have passed an exceedingly uncomfortable afternoon last week as he saw his precious vestments and ral ca knocked off for less than is usually 'bid for a second-class hand- me-down -Imagine Don Caesar after his transforms . Hon gallatin silk, velvet, and feather?, booted and spurred, his Andre Ferrars gleaming by his side. Ah, me! it was indeed a gallant sight ! As I, close my eyes I can see him now ; I can hear the ringing cheer that greets his coming ; I can almost hear the heart beats of the delighted maidens who exclaim, "Oh, oh " ain't he too sweet for anything 7, and so he was a prince of the blood in his realm. Think of all this splendid garniture going under the auctioneer's ! hammer for Idol. I Mercy on me, but it's a terrible fall ! Don Felix, for SdoLj, Elliott Grey, for 7d. and 75 cents'; Hamlet, for two and a quarter. is impossible 1 Why, I recollect the time, r_tid.tbet not so many yearsagó7wheh'ohe of his old shoes. or a -ragged pocket handkerchief belonging to him would have brought fibre ' than' this,"' when sighing, young maidens and, even married ladies and! his photo framed gold' upon their dressing cases; and it, is a said that: some of them had little., altar; mad where candles! were kept constantly burning before it who loved effigy. The gaping starved stood-around-and- examined each article critically there was no sentiment -in --it-whatever,-nót-'the- least -they! -wanted!' their ..'money's> worth's and ! ¡ they I got the;; Occasionally there' was a slight ripple arnong the crowd, which was Yinostly'composed of actors and old clothes,' when some relic was put up - linked with r«fó-Kóldéir rait--*~dàgger' of Edwin Forrest's a word of Jerry's, a doublet that belonged to George Frederick Cook . and some' relics of the elder Wallack. Bat enthusiasm was dead dead as Wal- 'lack himself and the entire lot that had cost thousands" of dollars, costumes which j the, favourite actor' had cracked the re- sources of his fertile brain in designing,' brought less than a paltry 700. .. LApq so passes another marked character from the stage !!bfp,ur, daily life. The three theatres which once bore his name,; bear, it no longer ; the first has given way to the demands of commerce and its site ads covered. by magnificent wholesale dry goods stores. The Other has changed its name to the' Star of and the- last, which was built expressly for him, and was intended to see the abiding here of the fashionable drama, passed from his hands ''after series, of financial disasters: which " brought him to the verge of ruin. So that after a successful professional life of over VICT years, during which he received greater rewards for his' services than the people of the United States pay their President, he was (only 'saved from wasting his latter days by the considerate kindness of professional friends who hearing of his needs, got him up a monster benefit, which was responded to by 'acgr*tohSlvpùblib, and secured'hinrthose comforts, at his death which he might otherwise have lacked. "I'd not share in the popular "sympathy 'so!,' lavishly! expended on the favourite actor in his latter days, My reasons were that I thought he had received ample compen- sation) for everything he had ever done,) his', personal receipts from his profession' being certainly not: less than a half million of- dollars'. 'He had the best of. { everything , while he lived ;','? his shown' 'house and'' his country'! house his yacht, and his shooting box'; he courted the most exclusive and aristocratic society, and while he was never admitted to-the Sarchedon of New York . society, wandering noblemen from Europe c like the Duke of - Marlborough and Lord Lonsdale found in him a genial coin-! panion, who never noticed in public any of the humbler members of his profession. "With" the, sale; of his wardrobe: the curtain rung down on the last act, and in the ' busy whirl of our New York life the very name for' this once popular idol will be forgotten'. '.' ',[''';.} ' .".'." '.' {.:"'.,'.' 'J-;!, i "'Several times " within the past few, months, I have felt called on to report during robberies, but three robberies took plsooilsst week that' throw the exploits of Claud Duval; Dick Turpin, and Billy the I Kid into the Shade. On Wednesday. afternoon there was a blockade of street reason the Bowery," and "hundreds of people were assembled on the sidewalk to see the fun, the crush became quite' heavy," and it seemed to concentrate about, a jeweller's shop a few doors from the corner of "Grant-street. The window was full of watches and diamonds laid out in tempting array. Quick as a flash of lightning came a terrible crash, and' two; young thieves' who had broken the immense glass window reached in through! they opening and grabbed : everything "within reach and started off like a couple of-deer pursued by the howling crowd. -Sh*ey-«cattered diamonds and watches as they fled and therein lay their salvation, 'for the crowd stopped to pick!np'-the' i jewels and the watches, and in the scramble the thieves escaped. This was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon on the most; public thoroughfare of New York and in the presence of thousands of people..,,, ., y.,, y ° Oh Thursday a lady was knocked down with a sandbag by a ruffian, In the middle of the afternoon, and robbed of her watch and (46deg in cash. While a German who has drawn 50deg, from the Savings Bank was on his way home on- street the car, two men jostled against him, and on the instant he felt his, money going ; he grabbed for the bag which contained it, fund,, which was hidden in an air ,j»fäe 'pocket., The, struggle was brief, .¡When;,onei of the men knocked him ..{offythb car, and 'when he' recovered his money was gone. .? The robbers 'ran in different directions. The pursuit, was ''immediate, and one-of 'the, thieves was 'ran down, but it was not the man with the money ; however the next day when the thief who, was captured was arraigned before the police, magistrate, the poor German who lost, the money recognised sitting among the crowd the other thief who had assisted in the robbery ; he told the court officers, and they watched the pair and soon" found them exchanging signals; then the thief who was free advanced towards the prisoner and offered to procure him counsel ; he was at once pounced upon by the officers, and to their great delight he. turned out to be Abe oakley, one of the most daring bank robbers and expert sneak thieves in the United States. Nearly one half of the life has been passed behind prison bars ; but during the other half he has contrived to make it very uncomfortable for bankers and all others who had loose money. I hardly know how Abe could have got so low down M to commit a robbery on a street car, he had generally flown for hlgbergame-for during his life he has relieves banks and. individuals of orara muUo'n.ofjdollarsi. say :- n t The War which has been raging for over two joan between the English and Aman- ean bowels of the Salvation Hardly, culminated last week in the deposition of General Moore, who, led the, American rebellion ' two years ago, which resulted in the separation of the English branch from that situated in-the United States. It is several years ago since General Moore led the invading hosts of Salvationists from Halbion's Mile to the dominions of H undo Sara. The field was large, the harvest was great, and the Head Centre, Pope or Grand Lama, or whatever he was, General Booth, was much rejoiced thereat ; as golden American Eagles rolled into the London Treasury! It did not take many years for General Moore to a case that it would not be a bad idea to organise a Barmy of 'ii hown. Whether this idea was the prompting of a good spirit, or the work of the devil, I cannot tell, but as soon as General Booth learned the treason, he made things exceedingly warm for General Moore. He started for the United States at onoe,andhis son, Balling ton, was ordered to the front, to down the Satanic cohorts of the rebels. Ballington Booth is about 6ft 2in., and weighs con miserably over 80 pounds. General Moore is about 5ft. 4in., and tips the steelyards ut L early 200, So far the advantage was on neither side, both relied on the Lord for, help, and what one lacked in length the other made up in breadth, so that it was about an even thing all around ; but Ballington Booth, long' or short, was not an opponent to be sneezed at. -. He had served an apprenticeship under his father, and knew what rough fighting meant. He had wrestled with the devil" among the Whitechapel toughs, and had thrown him every time, if he was not at all scared when he came to the United States and tackled General Moore On the other hand General Moore was all covered over with spiritual scars which he had received in via numerous encounters, and when it came to fighting he was not afraid of the devil himself When Be ington Booth arrived he opened his batteries at once,! and now after a two years struggle it is announced that General Moore is deposed The General announced, however, that he is not yet dead, and it looks as though General Booth may find him a very lively ghost. Her not yet deserted by all of his friends-Ash Barrel Jimmy, Banjo Charley, and Hoop de doo Sam Slick to him this with a stout contingent of salvation lasses may help him to Hold the Fort , meanwhile we wait with bated breath for news from the seat of war. Our sister Brooklyn is in trouble For five days not a car has stirred on five of the principal street car lines, and this means that out of 850 000 people over 200,000 must get to their work as best they can over distances varying from two to five miles , Nearly every road in New York is also tied up. The strikers amount to a few hundreds, the people who are incommoded are at least 200,000, and notice has been served on the companies that as long as they do not attempt to run any cars there will be no disturbance, but if they do, look out J Now, in this free country of ours no man questions the right of any other man to leave a situation that does not suit him, but to say that he holds a permanent mortgage on a situation which he himself can abandon with out question at any time is monstrous After both parties have worried and harried each other for several days or weeks, when the men are starving and their families are suffering and the employers have suffered serious loss they will come together and patch up a peace that will last till the next strike Sooner or later this question will have to be settled, and the only possible way li in the proclamation of the absolute in dependence of the working or labouring man, the right to dispose of his labour without interference from any other man, and behind him all the power of the State and nation to maintain him in that right Both sides in the present dispute seem determined, and the slightest move ment on either side may plunge it in a conflict that may result in bloodshed and disaster c The weather still continues very much like spring January n gone and as yet no serious symptom of winter. What is in store for us ? Let us Wait and see. 