Saw Her MIother's Spirit. There are few of us, however iron.hearted we may profess ourselves, who can calmly or with even a show of equanimity see a ghost, od it is strange that the vision of a person wvhom yol love vc?y dearly and whom we know to be a long way off is, in the majority of instances, the one whicl nmost quickly freezes our blood and paralyses our strength. My friend was a German lady, whose hus band -a Frenchman "and an architect had persuaded her to go to America, think ing he would be able to pursue his profes sion to greater advantage under the Stars and Stripes than in a country already too densely populated to give any opportunity to young'mee. After living at various places he procured a contract for the erection of several buildings in the West, and before long they found themselves settled in a snug cottage on the edge of a little city. y huImsband, said the lady, was often called to neighbouring towns, and even to places at a greater distance, on business, and it was on the occasion of one of these short absences that the apparition appeared be fore me. I wVas expeCting my iiiiSeaiisaLU -i*1 one evening about ten o'clock, bnt wlin hat hour arrived and he did not come I was sot at all uneasy, as I knew the trains were C cery late. The night was warm and sul try, and the windows opening on the veran dall, which extended around three sides of , the house, were open. During the early part of the evening I sat in our little sitting- room and read, but fin ally got up, and crossing the hall, went into the drawing-room, where the windows were also open, a?ot in which a lamp hanging in the centre of the room'was burning dimly. I turned up the light and threw myself upon a low couch, thinking that every mo ment my husband would return. I lay in this position for a long time, when suddenly I was startled at hearing a door, which I had closed, gently and slowly open. That no one had come in at the gate I felt sure, and a chill of terror crept over me as I watched for the person, whoever he might be, to open the door far enough for me to see him. I could not speak, the air seemed sudden ly to have grown so dense and heavy. The time between the first slight movement at the door and its final opening seemed inter minable. I had half risen and sat with my hands clasped so tightly that the nails bruised my flesh. Finally the door swung slowly open, and I sat transfixed, unable either to move or utter a sound, for there, coming slowly and serenely toward me, was my mother, whom I knew to be in Russia at that time With my eldest brother. She was dressed in a gown of black and white check silk, with a fresh, dainty white cap upon her head, and her hands, which were crossed in front of her, incased in black silk mitts. She advanced to the centre of the room and stood looking at me for a few seconds, with, oh, such a sweet, pathetic look of love and sorrow on her face, and then, turning, retraced her steps, and the door closing behind her hid her from my view. How long I sat there I do not know, but I was finally aroused by my husband. I tried to explain to him what had hap pened, and he tried to soothe and console me as best lie could, but my nerves had been so unstrung by the apparition that to sleep was impossible, and I past the rest of the night in wandering restlessly about my rooim. Quite. early in the morning a cablegram arrived announcing the death of my mother at fen o'clock the previous night, and two weeks later came a letter from my brother, in which he said that she had talked a great nernt adt uu n ith ddanreashedied. and that pectedly to them all, while the family was preparing for bed. Ire had described the gown and cap and mitts in which she had met her death, and the description tallied exactly with the gar ments she had .worn when her spirit ap peared before me; 