the mounted rifles ' alarm. COMMANDING OFFICER'S' REPORT. The recent experimental alarm of tho Mounted liiiles litis been reported ou by officers in cliargo of dotaohments, and tlio ofiiccr com manding has mado a report upon tho whole subject from tho information forwarded to him. Whatavoirmay bo thought of tho notion taken by Colonel I'rico as. a matter of military eti quette, it is gratifying to observo that tho experiment proved the battalion to bo well pre pared and capable of acting on an cmcrgcucy. Oolonol Price's report is as follows : — Turn out excuilent. Ail ranks responded to a sudden order for parade with a cheerful alacrity which does them tho h.ghost credit. Tho timo allowed (four hours) for assemblugo of euch detachment 011 its own par ado ground was a severe test on the battalion, but was excellently met. Arrangements mado by officers and N.O.O.'s in command of detachments very good, showing that previous instructions on this point had been paid attention to. In only one company was tlio orror of moving a detachment from its place of parado committed. it.O. 315 of y | 7 | 88, lorbidding this, should huvu been attended to. Arrangements mado for con- veying messages to tno men to assemble for parade were well thought out, and show coil-,, sidorablc knowledge of organisation under considerable difficulties, combined with complete compliance with para. 13, sect. 2, part 4, regu lation V.M. forces. Tho various methods resorted to 111 order to obtain ammunition in cases whore detachments were short show that iu ail emorgeuoy tho ollieers and N.G.O.'s in charge . of Uotaohmeuts wcro equal to thie occasion. Kits. — Komarkably few deficiencies arc apparent, and these are of small consequence, such as eould havo been put right at very small notice ; still there should be no deficiencies or unservieeublo kit iu any man's possession, 110 matter how trivial it may appear to liinr to be. AIL breakages aud losses should bo at onco reported for repair or re-issuc. Officers com manding companies should now send in any broken head. ropes and uecklesu water bags to be mended, so thus evory man may always be iu possession of full effective kit. Willi theso small exceptions she state of the equipment ro- fleets credit 011 all ranks. Reports. — iu several instances the forwarding of reports us ordered has been unduly delayed, and this ordor is now published, alter undue waiting, without parado states from two detaoh- mcnts. Drills During Parade.— Good useful and practical, work is generally reported to huvo been dono during the four hours- allowed for parade. ( Number ou Parade. — The number on parade, 575 (cxclusivo ul' the two detachments whoso reports have not been received), was highly satisfactory. Reasons for absence wero uot given in all reports, as they should have boon. iVhero they wore given they aro perfectly satis factory, except in a fow cases. It is, however, apparent that the rules for obtaining lcavo aro not being curried out iu their entirety. Great tact was shown by ollieers and non commissioned officers in not sending notices to cull men away from unduly fang distances or important engagements for attendance at an experimental battuliuu parade. H company, Hamilton district, has given tlio best results, having 72 out of 104 on parade, with satisfac tory reasons lor absence of all others except two. Excellent arrangements were made iu the company. Moo detachment paraded 100 per cent.) uiid Salo had 22 unt ot 24 011 parade iu a remurkubiy short timo with tho provisions of R.O. 315 tully carried out. Olio nou-eoinmis- sioued officer commanding a detachment, know ing the experimental nature of parade, waited till 8 to hold it, apparently with a viow of obtaining a good muster. No oredit lias been given to this parade, but the strength of the detachment being reckoned 111 the company lias lowered tlio average of attendance. Au excellent detachment in I Company could not bo communicated with in time to be of any use, otherwise the average of the company would have been higher. Men on the sick list should always forward a sick certificate to commanding officer detachment tiiey belong to. Non compliance witli this renders a man liable to be classed as uou-ctfectivo through absence from parades through sickness. Tlio commanding officer has much pleasure in uotifyiug to all ranks his approval of the manner iu which de tachments vied with each other to obtain a good muster of properly equipped officers, non-com missioned officers and men ou tho occasion of tho simultaneous parado of tho battalion on tho 5th inst. 