A Relinquished Business. It is an fttpleasant task to criticise the career or anatomiso tho corpus of a de funct society, whose entire system of accounts are not open to critical eyes. The 6ociety to which we refer has just given up the ghost, and its financial re mains have heen honded over to an ac countant to he emhalmed and preserved in a monumental hi'lance-sheet. Perhaps before the remains are finally placed amongst the mummied treasures of the insolvent sarcophagus a careful result of tho professional pod mortem examination wiH be made public. This is a case xn which many people are taking an interest, some a special and others a general in terest. The fate of the Industrial Mutual Life Assurance Society of Australia has heen sealed. It has reached its goal, not the goal desired by those persons specially interested in its . welfare ; far from it, this goal has been missed. The society has failed to secure success in the severe competition of life assurance offices. The general public do not like failures of this sort ; they disturb confidence and retard business. The business of life assurrnce is a large one ; it comprises with'n. its range of llsks and benefits a very large proportion of the steady and inte^igent portion of the community. Any failure to fulfil obligations entered on by any society must cause bitter dis appointment to the persons directly in volved, and sincere regret to the general puV'.e, for the individual is often influenced more by hasty conclusions then by discriminative comparisons of the weak societies wflbli the strong. There is much force 'in tho remark of Mr. Holdsworth ? at the general meeting, March 29 ; ' any insurance agent who, in future, endea voured to do business in the llosewood district, would be hrnted out.' So far there has not been a word expressed in the meetings to indicate suspicion of mis appropriation of the funds by any person. As against the board of man agement no such thing could be tolerated. They are citizens of recognised probity. jxotl-ng urfair woi'id be tolerated by them. Nor would anybody who really knew the manager dream of suspecting him. So far the board and manager are clear. It is a ease of mismanagement or of misfortune. Either the busineis has noi been vigorously and economicsVly irar aged, or it has been too heavily handicapped, or it has had to cope with difficulties beyond its lirength. Of course, stronger societies were in tho field long before it. It is admitted that it started with inadequate capital. Amongst the other alleged causes of failure are the recent cxtraorcH.nnTy com petition in life assurance business, the increased expenditure for canvassing involved by that competition, the deser tion by ajrents alter they had been edu cated for their work, and the influence of the drought. 'We pass these by as not being primary causes of failure. No society should enter into this sphere of business which is not equipped for the warfare, and prepared for the competition. Three other reasons were given at thn general meeting by Mr. 'Walton. These were — opering up anew sort of assurance bus:Tiess in the colonies at a ' much larger expenditure then the society could afford ' ; the failure to secure the sup port of the working men, for whose special benefit theeociety was foimed; the damage done by 'untruthful statements which had heen_ circulated ? with regard to the condition of affairs ' ; and thedisproportion of business to the cost of procuring and transacting it. These are really the serious explanations. They are supported by the balance-sheet. It woi'ld have been more satisfactoiy had the 'untruthful statements' been recounted and contradicted, for ;n this euse the truth is disastrous enough ?without puy exaggeration whatever. The probabilities of securing the suppoit of work-'ng men could have been forecasted. The:r l?king for sick clubs and trades urions is not a new thing. But in spite of this preference thousands of them in the old countiy have taken out policies in rndustripl l'fe offices. The competi tion amongst established and newly foimed life offices was very keen when the Industrial staitcd ; its entenco on the field of competition added one more to the competitors. The most serious question is, 'TVas the Industrial justified in attempting to initiate a class of business quite foreign to thece colonies, at a much li-rger expenditure than the society could afford ?' If this experiment was made with the full knowledge of the manager that he was inducing the founders to join in.a_seiiou8 venture, that was rendered ? risHly speculative by the disproportion of the capital to tho ceita?n expenditure, he can hardly be held blameless. In these young colonies some experimenting has to bednnem the establishment of associations intended to benefit the social life and family relations of the different commu . nities. Efforts at business which has a philanthropic side are entitled to for bearance. But no promoters of such in stitutions should bo nnsled by their personal sanguine temperament into ex peihnents that are confessedly out of proportion to tho metms available for cauying them out. A year ago one of the directors expressed his opinion that the society would bo vnable to carry on. But the hoard and the manager entered ' on another year of experiment. What is the reBulW Twenty- five proposals were received, twenty-one were adopted ; an nual premiums thereon £119 Is 6d., but in the balance-sheet credit is taken for only £1 13s 9d. in new premiums. Yet there is a debit of £111 6s. for 'agency extension and supervision.' Of course this unhealthy sta^o of things could not be continued. The total receipts for the yearwero £2,773 10s. 4d.. the claims amounted to £727, and the general expenses to £1,399 17s. lid., .vhilst BujTEndeiB) and. endowment) pre Jj :,.?:; ;??'???? ;,.? ,-,. ? ' ?? '??? '?-?: ?*.,;,?! ? ? :-'-\\.' ? v ; r ?/ ? -i;; i -,. ??;,?-..? -.-? ?;. ? 1. ?? ?..-.: :?... .(?,., ., . 1 „; Ukui; K*'.i'f . .. miumB returned absorbed £115 3s. 7d. A sum of £118 4s. 5d. was written ofEfor ' office furniture an& property accounts.'. The net gain on thcycarseems to havebeen £413 4s. 5d. But 'tho claims were appar ently small. In any case a socioty that obtains only 25 proposals and £l 13s. 9d, new premiums in a year is debilitated beyond recoveiy, andhastening its demise by one bold cut with the sword of fate, is a merciful obligation. It is hard on the poor folk who have for somo years been paying premiums into a society which tried to 'open business at a larger expenditure than it could afford.' 