6'OHYETTES. In an Albany club tile wine collar was strangely depleted of its contctls, BItottle after bottle of champagne disappeared, nod locks seemed no bar against the thirsty thieves. Finally a new superlnlendent was placed iucharge, and he seemed to be a man ol on ingenious turn of mind. lieto put new locks upon the cellar, but he did not meets to place his dependence wholly up on iron bolts. So he secured a remarkably ugly bull-bog, with a very misanthropic disposi tion, ondshut him in the cellar. There the brute stays all the time, except for half an hour daily, when he is given a ru in tile sunlight. The dog has no taste for cham pagne, and now the wine stays where it Il put until it is wanted in the ceae. Thorn hals nevcr bcen an instantce of " graconsncss "like the visit of tile Iuku do Nivernais;in tile seventeenth ceentury, to his d(ying steward. Wisbing to see how matters stood with the poor fellow, tile duke stepped into the room, and hadl the extreme condescension to make personal itnqiry into the state of his health. The stewnnrd, utterly bewillered by the honor, raised himself in bed with great dillcaulty, and said, in a tone of the most abject humility : "I hope your grace will not be offended at my dying in yourtprcsence i" The dukb, deeply touched, answered : "Not in the least, my good friend; do not mind me." W\hereupon, the steward availed himself of the gracious permission of his master, and gave tup the ghost. •ProfessorDelbruck thas recently pub lisorlcd ome interesting souvenirs about the lEmperor Frederick the Third and los family. HIero is an amusing anecdote about the order that reigned in the household while F'rtderick was Cro?in Prince: One day the Crown Princes said to tile butler, one of the oldest servants and one otlo hadl the reputation of having a will of !,is own :" "I ordered romte Apollinaris water several weces ago, andl should like to Iste it; has it not yet arrived ?" Tihe ol donirstic replied : " I[tpetial lHighness, there is still in the cellar a ijt of bottles of selltor water tloat must be drunk fi:st l" AIl the pcietos at table broke out into laughter. The Clown Prince, after- having him sell joined in the hilarity, said, lu a Eerious tone - S"'ly friendl, when the Crown Princess ontln you to do anyllting, beg? yo toobey " One day," sadl a veteran, in a recent intervilc' with El'1 t'etkins," I met an old soldier who had b en wounded in the face, andl when I askei! him in what battle he had been inojured, hbesaid : 'I 'got it at the first day at Shiloh, sir.' O But how could you get bit in the face at Shiloh?' l asked. ' Well, sir,' said lie, half apologetically, Safter I had run a mile or two lgot careless and luoke'l back.' This story reminds me of how one of Ella worth's Fire Zouaves killed his lint Cot. federate. lIe said that he marched out to, the battle of Bulls liun, and when about half way there, he met a Johnny Iteb. In ambush. W \h'hat did you ito then?' I asked. O Well, sir,' he answered, ' drew out my revolver and hbe drew out his bowic-ktih?, and then I took the lead front the start, and kept it clear into Washington city, aud-' 'But how did you hill the man ?" SRuu him to death,' was the reply." In "making up " newspapers, or the piecing together of ditfferent paragraphs into columns, two separate items will, some. timtes, be ju'mbled together and most amnuse ing results appear. A bFreceh tnewspaper had h good specimen of this kindl of mixture : " Dr. X. has been appointed head physi. cian to the loopital de nla Cbarite. Orders have Leen issued by the authorities for the imtmediate extension of the Cimeltire de Pat nasse." Tie New haven journal, some time ago slade a curious jumble of two items. One read: " A large east-iron wheel, revolving nine hundred timles a minute, exploded itn tllis city yesterday, after a long and paintful ill. tess. Deceased was a prominent thirty, second degree Mason." The other paragraph detailed how : 0' Johbn L'adden, the well-know'.n florist and real estate broker, of Nelwport, lt.l., died to C\ardiner and Russell's sugar mill, at Cry stal Lake, on Saturday, doing considerable damage to to the building and injuring several workmnent severely." lien. Jontson as once requesteled to revise some proofs lull of typographical nod other errors, but he declined, and recommended that they should be seat to the house of cor rection. Many anecdotes are marrnted to illun trato ted tact required in dealing with lunatics. AmonILg bte inmates ofl nn e.ylum was a man who wais considered perfectly harmless, but who, having no home. was allowed to remain there, being employed to show visitors aroutlnd. The doctor went on the roof with him onet day to see nabut repairing it, when the Inan suddenly turned and suggested that they should jump to the ground together. lut mediately lthe doctor replied: " No, don't let's do that. Any one caun jurmp down. Let's go down uad see if we can tlicu llatic considered the point " vell taken," nd agreed.l. Tbs head of it private asylum in it gland was in the botht.ruort owatceinig a nlunoherot luo:tiat bhatle,.when ono of them cl Iled out, "llt'sduck the dlceorI" and they all took nit the cry. oeeiing his danger, the doctor said at oneC : " All right boys; but suppose .you give a eheer:or hium tirol." And tite noise of their checeing brought the keeplers to his tescue. T'lteo sae doctor wtas in a room with lutatic, who, by sJte llltlus, hbld p loe?scadcl himseull of a carving knife. The tuatic itoeol butint gravely that he I hoba been otldiedtl by lieud to colit bt into little 'Iicccs, ald, mluch l ti he regretted itlhe .ttol 1 bvholigCd to do it. '?ery well," said the doctor ; " el ctoroo, if that it- thoe'se, loatltl Ottke too stltemtt to tprevcot yoo; butt Iio y'oollr knIi d 'Ottne sil i. Alloo n teu letelt n 0n0, a bjeciot n beiut rieid, the qtlick witotl doctor mtade his ect-~jlc. Old lntn (uolem'ntly) : "My yo ng Irirkit hoiug ti11o11t o''llatineoy 'flioe. lie's n Old man (with coittiuued atlemnltly): " SNy, ly uonllg friend, he is all enemy of youre." t o o o I Younlg man : Vctl, I dolt't know but wIlatyoou'rerighto ltrney gaven Sto bootCr thlre suroe thilgseon yeustrtley's roots tlhat modt mo ocalk hooe. You4 nuo'n tell nowadays, old man, onbk youor Irletlot, tire" One of the stroneeagb nhbrncterr tlcs of geniue Is Ithe powtr of lighting its own ile .'. . . 