BROADBRIM'S NEW I ORK LETTER. Last week I wrote about tbe wretched wretches that strew the shore of our New York life, but nothing more pitiful or romantic has occurred here for years than the death of Ellery C. Daniels, who died a few days ago in St. Luke'B Hospital. During the second Grant campaign at tbe request of the National Com mittee I went into Massachusetts and at Dedham met Ellery C. Daniels. At that time Daniels was cashier of the Webster National Bank at Boston, and was regarded in wealth and position as the foremost man in Dedham. His elegant house was one of the handsomest in that very aristocratic and ex clusive quarter, and his horses were the finest and the best to be found between Dedham and Boston. Mr. Daniels was a free liver and Dedham felt proud of him, and staid old bankers whose bank account required seven figure?, felt honored by tucking their aristo cratic lfga under Mr. Daniels' elegant mahog any. He had risen from an office boy in tbe Webster Bank, and after years of honorable service had achieved a position exceeded by' that of the president alone. But he had got ' into the habit of fast living, and he could cot give it up. He tried his luck on the race course and the pool room, but the devil he had served so well deserted him in his hour of direst need, then he stole the funds of the bank and at first he thought he would replace them. Days and weeks pr-e^ed on and he sank deeper and deeper in sin, till al last his thefts became so flagrant that lie was detected and sentenced to imprisonment for five years. After serving a year President Grant par doned him, and he started life anew. A gieat piano firm that knew his former life took pity and gave him the position of salesman. In two years he robbed his friends of eight thou sand dollars and fled. From that hour he became a pariah and outcast, homeless, ragged and starving. The fashionable society man, the swell clubman, the proud and aristocratic banker, who once occupied a magnificent man sion and was humbly waited on by-retinues of servants, might be seen seeking his breakfast in the garbage cans by the wayside and found his lodgings in carts or in the cellars of vacant houses, and he esteemed himself fortunate when, by the bounty of some charitable pedes triun, he was enabled to seek the shelter of some ten cent. lodging house in the slums. For over ten years he endured the horror of this miserabie life, and at last, worn by disease, exposure and dissipation he sank in the street a starving, homeless tramp. He was taken to St. Luke's Hospital, one of the noblest charities in the city, and after a brief struggle di?d. The ending of this miserable and dis graceful life is but another warning to ous young men to keep in the straight and narrow path. This consuming desire to be rich and to live beyond our means is the curse of the present age ; it is this which has helped to fill our State prisons and which has multiplied our suicides' graves. The shocking accident to Dr. Edward Beecher, which has cost him one of his limbs, has filled the breasts of thousands of his friends with sorrow. Attempting to get on to the cars at Parkville where he had been attending a weekly meeting, he either slipped or was thrown under the train, his leg vras crushed so that amputation was rendered necessary, an operation that he stood with heroic fortitude. Dr. Beecher is eighty-five, and the chances are very much against bim. In the hour of his suffering and sorrow, he has tlie sympathy of the entire community. Though Mr. Beecher is not so well-known to the outside world as his illustrious brother, he has nevertheless been a faithful servant of Christ for over sixty years, and it is to Him that he looks as his staff and his comfort if he is called on to cross the dark valley. I thought with the assignment of tbe thou sand seats for the Legislature and their friends that the troubles of tbe Centennial celebration committee were ended, but, bless your heart, they were only begun. The District Attorney from Spotted Tail, Texas, has notified the committee that he may be expected with his family, and requests to know what provision has been made for his entertainment while here, and if the committee will secure passes for his return home. The Mayor of Scrub Oak City, Dakota, writes that he may be ex pected, accompanied by the Board of Alder men, if funds can be found in the city treasury to afford them transportation. The Hon. S. P. Augustus Overly, of Mississipi, writes that he represented Nuxobe County in the Legisla ture befo the wah, and as his family is ex pected from Europe about the 30th he would be obliged to Mr. McAllister if he would see that they were properly cared for and given a seat near President Harrison where they could see the show to advantage. Then the Boord av Aldhermin got their back up. Aldhermin Reilly told Aldhermin McCarthy that Aldher min Lynch and O'Flaherty wor getting all the good things for thimselves, and he wasn't going to sthand it. Aldhermin Fint.igan and McMannis denied this, and said they bad per sonally waited on the J£um-i-tee and had re I ceived assurances from Mc. himself, that the Aldthermiii wud be purvided fur. Then all the rest of the city officials pitched in, and all the Mayors and officials of every town and city ; from Maine to Texas, and from New York to ' California, sent in requests. Then every man who has ever been a Slate Assemblyman, or served as a Constable or as a Member of Con gress, in any State in the Union, expects en tertainment for three days and a free blow to everything, dinner included. In fact, quite a number of these self-invited guests have given Mr. McAllister to understand that they would willingly forego the military and naval pro cessions for a free blow at the dinner. Twenty-two thousand dollars is the sum esti mated for wine alone and Ed. Stokes, of the Hoffman House, is said to have the contract for the drinks. I suppose I might say for the dranks, for if they get away with twenty-two thousand dollars worth of wines at the Cen tennial dinner, it is .safe to say that many hundreds who attend the feast will find their bate several sizes too small for them the nest morning. The committee is in an awful muddle. The Grand Army feel that they have been slighted. The Navy declare that it has received the cold shoulder ; and the treat ment ot the Army, it is said, has been on the north side of friendly. Alderman Mulligan declared the other day in the Common Coun cil, " that uv tbe Boord did not have foive tickets aich for the dinner and free dhrinks for himself and his friends, he'd make that Kum-e-tee pup sorrow be spoonfuls. " There are evidently not free tickets enough to go around to the dinner. I judge so, from the fact that though President Harrison and Gov. Hill have received theirs, up to present writing Broadbrim has seen nothing of his. Twice this week we have heard through 1 perfectly reliable sources that Ward McAllis ter had resigned ; that Ward McAllister had been bounced ; that Ward McAllister had washed his hands of the whole affair, but we now find that that talented representative of the Elite four hundred is stiil on deck and likely to be a very lively ghost up to April 30th. He is not dead nor sleeping; his position is a trying one, but he is still master of the situation,'and so he is likely to continue to the end. This week is made memorable in political circles by the displacement of Postmaster Pearson and the elevation to the Postm-tsfer ship of one of New York's most distinguished citizens, Cornelius Van Cott. Mr. Pearson, who is the son-in-law of the Postmaster who preceded him, Mr. Janrej, has been connected with the Post Office for the past sixteen years. When Gereral Garfield became President he appointed Mr. James Postmaster-General, and a few days after his assumption of that offire his son-in-law, Mr. PeaTson, was appointed Postmaster of New York. He held his position until Mr. Cleveland was elected ; when hia Mugwump friends, Larry Godkin, George W. Curtis and Carl Shultz went personally to the President and demanded as a reward for their services in the preceding campaign the appointment of Mr. Pearson. The re quest was granted, to the great disgust x>f: Sir. Cleveland's political friends, who looked upon the Post Office as one of the richest; political plums. Mr. Pearson is not a very suave man. Long possession of office' had made him a martinet and an autocrat, till his petty tyrannies made the lives of those he* neath him an intolerable burden and a curse. He caused it to be bruited abroad that there never was such a Postmaster before, and if he were displaced it might be "difficult to find such another; but his head fell into -the basket this week, amid the general rejoicing of the hundreds of his subordinates," who; held a grand jollification to celebrate his downfall; and he will slep out of the great building, where he had ruled like an autocrat for so many years, unmourned by a single friend exeept of a few of the favored satel lites who held their places by his sufferance. and favor. The city was startled the other day by the arrest of several members of District Assembly .49, of the Knights of Labor, for the attempted destruction of Stevenson's ale brewery on Ninth avenue, with dynamite bombs. Assem bly 49 has been at the bottom of every distur bance here ever since the organization of the Knights of Labor. When Mr. Powderly" tried to conduct the affairs of the Knights of Labor by means in keeping with decency and modern civilization, Assembly 49 started ill to destroy Mr. Powderly. A fellow named Q.uinn, who got command of the organization a few years ago, ordered the great strike which resulted in the ruin of thousands of poor workingmen. He led the great strike against the Third Ave. Railroad, and innumer able other strikes and boycotts^ every one of which has been a miserable and disastrous failure, resulting in the ruin of the working men. The Local Assembly 8390 wanted to run Mr. Stevenson's business and Mr. Steven son refused to let them do it; then some men were hired who were to get employment in his brewery, and when they got in they were to destroy or poison his beer; they failed to get in, then an assassin was hired to blow up the building with dynamite placed in the en gine room. The assasin failed to get inside the brewery, but he placed the bomb under the north wall and blew it down. Then the rillians quarreled among themselves, and this week one of them turned State's evidence. No mercy to such as they are. 