Odds and Ends. Races Wednesday. Slight frosts this week. More rows in Assembly. Read Mackay's advertisements. Bishops protesting against appointment new Primate. The steamer New Guinea took 400 horses for Madras. Don't forgot Mrs. Whites ' sale of furniture on this Saturday. Billy Wolan, an old aboriginal, died at Coraki last Wednesday. The Bishop of Grafton and Armidale will visit Lismore shortly. A quarterly Licensing Court will be held at Ballina on October 4. If you want to save money buy your Boots from Edwards and Co., Lismore. Everything without the ghost of a reserve at White's, on this Saturday. The Emperor of Austria, is on a visit to the German Emperor at Berlin. Tenders are to be called for the Coff's Har- bour and Woolgoolgo jetties. Rate of carriage from Lawrence to Tenter- field district is now 6s. per cwt. TRY ANSTEY'S own made Men's French Calf E.S. at 15s. One pair will last you 18 months. Mr. Matthew Burnett, the Temperance Evangelist, is lecturing at Cooktown (Q) The strike of shearers on Kentucky Station, Wagga, terminated, union rules accepted. Hunter River Farmers Co-operative Co., had a profit of £315 16s 6d last half year. Attend Mackays sale of household furniture at Mrs. Whites, this Suturday at 2 o'clock' sharp. C. Rochester, junr., and party obtained at Appletree Flat, near Mudgee, a 15oz nugget. A girl aged 14, the daughter of Mr. John Graham, of Kangaroo Valley, burned to death. Side saddles, gents saddles and bridles, pack saddles etc., for sale at Whites. See advertisement. ANSTEY'S strong Bluchers, at 11s, cannot be ap- proached for strength and durability. Try them. Electric light at Tamworth giving great satis- faction. Plant to be taken over in November. A young man named Wylde was killed at Newcastle on Monday by being thrown from his horse. Mrs. Critcher, severely wounded by Her hus- band, at Wollongong, still in a very critical con- dition. Morrison, the murderer of Constable Suther- land, is to be executed on the morning of August 20. Mrs. Maybrick, condemned to death for poisoning her husband, is to be executed on the 27th instant. s.s. Tomki had' misfortune to break pro- peller blades Thursday. "FOUND AT LAST, " The cheapest place to buy reliable boots and shoes is Edwards & Co'., opposite Freemason's Hotel, Lismore. Several of the lower grade officials of the Central Police Court, Sydney, have had their positions raised by the Executive. Oppossums are a great nuisance at Terrabella, on the Macquarie River ; there are thousands in the old trees along the riverbanks. Olivo has intimated his willingness to carry a bi-weekly mail from Lawrence to Lismore via Casino, in one day, for a small subsidy. Susan Couch, for sly grog selling, was fined £30, or six months' imprisonment in Armidale Gaol, by the Hillgrove Bench on Monday. The growth of the coal trade of New South Wales has been so great that the output has more than doubled within the last ten years. Tenders for the supply of 20,000 iron-bark sleepers, referred to the Engineer- in-Chief for existing lines to report on which are most eligible. H. Haggard, who was for many years con- nected with the press in Brisbane, dropped dead in the street. The cause of death believed to be heart disease. Builders desirous of scouring some good second hand timber and galvanized iron could not do better than attend Whites sale on this Saturday at 2 o'clock. See Mockay's advt. The S. M. Herald says,- It is reported that Mr. Kethel, ex-M.L.A., who has been superin- tending some work at Byron Bay, ridicules the proposed work at the Bay. Washing machine, mangle, hanging lamps, kitchen utensils, drawing room suite splendid piano, and a host of other articles will be sold without the slightest reserve at White's, on this Saturday. ° Mr. John Dillon, the Irish Delegate, is to address a public meeting on the Irish Question at Tenterfield to night. Mr. E. R. Whereat (Mayor) is to preside, and an address is to be presented to Mr. Dillon. Mr. Edmund Ross, of Ballina, has written another letter to S. M. Herald, in reference to entrance. He concludes :- "I conscientiously feel certain that on the completion of these works Ballina will be a safe port of refuge for the coasting trade. The P. and O. Company, about to reduce its capital by one-fifth, returning £580,000 to the shareholders. 