A LITTLE PEN-PICTURE O? BAL FOUR. The writer of 'From the Irish Benches' in United Ireland, Dec. 8, says : — ? Mr. Balfour in the matter of want of conscience shines superior to all bis more notable predeces sors of recent years. Mr. Balfour is armoured in triple brass where they were sensitive and de fenceless. He has no conscience to guard from attack in iront, ana rrom wnose attacks troni within to be on guard himself. The shafts which are aimed to strike that part or him fall idly through empty air, and he laughs as they pass him by. The horrors and injustices of bis ad ministration do not shock him in the least. On the contrary, he secretly delights in them, think ing they prove what a strong ruler he is. The revelation of them he finds to be inconvenient, but only in so far as he finds ifc to be shocking to his supportei'3 or to public opinion. To meet that difficulty he is prepared to deny bia doings with AN AUDACITY WHICH ALMOST BEACHES THE SUB LIME, But; when he is convicted and cornered hope lessly he drops his denials without fuss, admits his offence, adopts it, brazens it out, makes be lieve to glory in it, and looks around to his party for an approving cheer. In which dizzy feats of impudence he calculates well, as Mr. Healy re marked, for be is fortunate, amongst other things, in a party of ignoramuses. All this makes it harder to get at Mr. Balfour, but it also makes the getting at him the more interesting. He has his vulnerable spot. When be was dipped in bis Styx of conceit and cynicism, the heel by which he was held was his vanity. Mr. Balfour does not like to be publicly held up and shown to be MEAN AND COWARDLY and shuffling- and inefficient, a man without the courage of his pretences, and wifcbal and above all a failure. Ho does not like bis shallow and flippant travesty oi! government to be proved bad statesmanship — and even bad politics, since it loses by-elections, and the party wire-pullers curse it. It ia iu exposing these ie&tiues; oi' his policy and charactti' phaii Irish debates are being made as intolerable a scourge to Mr. Balfour as they used to be in their expo sure of cruelty and wrong to bis more scrupulous predecessors. Since we got into the Irish estimates it is a pleasure (I suppose one shows a trace of cruelty oneself in feeling it) to watch THIS HEARTLESS CUB (hits him oft' better than any description I know), his defences broken down, wilting and withering under a fire directed with skilful hands at the right places ; to see the citadel of effrontery giving way like a crumbling wall and the sore hit vanity wincing at every wonnd ; to see the lauguid and debonair serenity swamped under the rising flood of chavgm, humiliation, and impotent angor. Accuse Mr. Balfour of tor turing his prisoners and wantonly shooting down unarmed people. This flatters him. Ha begins to think himself one of the powerful and terrible rulers of the world, tyrants if you will, an emperor of Eome or an emperor of .France, at once a sybarite, an ogre, and a frightcner. In his exal tation he will glorify Dr. Barr, and throwing aside his ' ricochet' theory adout Mitchelstown, will declare that the police were quite right in. firing straight into the ffmob,' and that if he ordered an inquiry into their conduct, it was not to see why they killed so many, bub to see why they did not kill more, su-i roufc instead of being routed. But show that HIS PRISON TORTURES were of such squalid and petty sort that only a mean mind could device them ; show that even such prison tortures Mr. Balfour had not the courage to put in force against all prisoners alike — that while using them mercilessly against the weak or the obscure, the strong- hand palsied before the more formidable victims and, now at a priest, now at a prominent member of Parliament, the iron prison rules give way, as MR. BALFOUR'S IRON RESOLUTION PAILS HIM. Show him throughout the Mitchelstown episode prevaricating and shuffling from one position to another, until at last he turns and brazens the whole thing out exactly like a coward turned to bay Show his rigid policy vacillating- and giv ing up the ghost at every hand— his Press policy, his editor, printer, and newsvendor prosecutions, his National League suppressions, his Plan of Campaign crushings, his cumulative one-month sentences, his forcing Government reporters on to platforms. Show each and every one of these brave and arrogant expedients dropped almost as soon as tried, and above all show that the most vicious features of THIS SPITEFUL- CAT POLICY, of ' the brave Mr. Balfour' has not succeeded in making a single man, woman, or baby afraid — no, not even the newsboys, chivied by his stalwart constables, who flourish their suppressed Heralds under Captain Plunkett's nose, and relieve Colonel Turner's overcharged feelings by supply ing him with all the United Irelands he wants ,to tear to bits at an extra charge of twopence a-piece. This is the way to crumple the rose leaves on Mr. Balfour's couch, and to demoralize and damage his stupid and callous party ; and this is tho sort of light that has been brought to bear upon his administration since the House went into Committee on the Irish estimatefl on Monday. 