CHAPTER I .—Si'Ki'iiiiN Onny, Sixaaian’, or SltAl'I’JiY. In the early years of the century II. Jorgcn Jorgenson wus G oven tor-Gonoral of Iceland. Ho was a Dane, bom in Copenhagen, appron ticcd to the sea on board an English collier, i afterwards employed ns a potty officer in the ‘British navy, and some time in tho command of a Danish privateer in an alliance of Denmark and Franco against England, A rover, a ' Bchomcr, a shrewd man of affairs, who was honest by way of interest, just by policy, gene rous by strategy, and who never suffered his ’ conscience, which was not a good ono, to got the hotter of him. In ono of itia adventures ho had sailed a ■Welsh brig from Liverpool to Reykjavik. Tina had been hie introduction to tho Icaiuudio- *^pi tal, then a little, hungry, creeping settlement, with its face towards America and its wooden feet in tho sea. It had also boon . hi3 iutroduclion to tho household of^ tho Welsh merchant, who had a wharf by tho old Canning basin at Liverpool, a count ing-house behind his residence in Wolsteuholmo Square, and a daughter of live and twenty, Jorgcn, by his own proposal, was to barter ■ English produce for Icelandic tallow. On his first voyage ho took out a hundred tons of salt, and brought hack a houvv cargo of Icelandic ballast. On his second voyage ho took out tho Welshman’s daughter us his wife, and did not again trouble to send homo an empty ship. Ho had learned that mischief wus once moro l)rowing botwoeu England and Denmark, had violated his English loiters of marque and run \- into Copenhagen, induced the authorities there, . on tho strength of his knowledge of English affairs, to appoint him to tho govornor-gonoral ehip of Iceland (then vacant) at a salary of four . hundred pounds a year, and lauded at Reyk javik with tho Icelandic llag of tho whito falcon ' on tho blue ground—tho banner of tho Vikings . —at tho masthead of his Welsh futhor-in-law’s Welsh brig. Jorgcn Jorgensen was then in his early man hood, and tho strong heart of tho good man did not decline with years, but rodo it out with him ..through life and death. Ho had always in tended to have a son and build up a family. It was tho solo failure of his career that ho had • only a daughter. That had been a diauator for which ho was not accountable, but ho prepared himself to mako a good oml of'a bad beginning. With God’s assistance and his own extreme . labour, ho meaut to marry his daughter to Count Trollop, the Danish Mmistor for Iceland, • a functionary with live hundred a yoar, a houso at Reykjavik, and another at tho Danish . capital. , This porHon was flvo-aml.forty, poivdurmi, oiJud, - unci dovotod to gallantry, Jorgon’s daughter, resombling her Welsh mother, was patient in suffering, passionate in lovo, mid fierce in hatred. ilor name w Ruchol. At the advent of Count Trollop si was twenty, ami her mother had then boon somo years dead. • The Count perceived Jorgon’s drift, smiled at ‘it, ailenrly acquiesced in it, took oven a languid •interest in it, arising pnrtly out of tho Governor’s position and tho wealth tho honest •man was supposed to have amassed in tho • rigorous exercise of a phioo of powor^ and \- partly out of tho daughter's own eomoliness, \- which was not to bo despised. At first tho girl, on her part, neither assisted hor father’s designs •1 nor resisted them, but showed comploto imfif fcrciico to tho mighty questions of whom sho • - should marry, when sho should marry, ami how sho should marry; ami this mood of mind con . tented her down to tho first week in July that 'followed tho anniversary of hor twenty-first birthday. That was tho month of Althing, tho national holiday of fourteen days, when tho pooplo’o law-givers—tho Governor, tho Bishop, tho Speaker, and the sheriffs—mot tho people’s dologutcs and somo portion of tho people thomsolves at tho uncionfc Mount of Laws in tho valley of Thingvoltir, for. tho reading of tho old statutes and tho pro mulgation of tho now oneb, for tho trial of felons and tho sottlemont of claims, for tho making of lovo and tho making of quarrels, for wrestling and horso-fighting, for tho practice of arms ami tho breaking of heads. Couufc Trollop was in Iceland at this colobration of tho ancient festival, and ho was induced by Jorgon togivoit tho light of his countenance. The.Governor’s • company set out on hulf-a-hundred of tho native pomes, and his daughter rode between himself and tho Count. During that ride of six or so von long Danish miles, Jorgon Bottled tho terms of his intended trunafor to his own comploto con • tontment. His Minister ucquicsced, and his ■ daughter did not rebel. Tho lonely valley was roachod, tho tent3 woro pitched, thobishop hallowed tho assembly with j solemn opening ceremonies, and tho business of . Althing began. Three days the work went on, . and Rachel wearied of it; but on tho fourth tho wrestling was started, and her fathersont for her to sit with him on tho mount and to present at tho end of tho contest tho silver-buckled holt to the champion of all Iceland for tho yoar. Sho \- oboyod the summons with indifference, and took a scat beside tho emit of tJio judgo, with tho count standing at her side. In the spaco below hor thoro wus a various crowd of men and boys, •women and children, gathered about tho wrest ling ring. Ono wrestler was throwing every one that came boforo him. His name was .^Patriclcson, and ho was supposed to bo desoonded from tho Irish, who settled, ages ago, on tho Wostmnim islauds. His success bocamo monotonous; at every fresh-bout his solf-con -fidonco grow insufferable, ami the girl’s eyes Wttudoreu from tho spectacle to tho spectators, Eram that instant hor indifferonco foil away. By tho outskirts of tho crowd, on ono of tho . lower mounds of tho Mount of Laws, a man sat (With his head on his hand and his elbow on his ‘kneo. His head was bare, and from his hairy1 ‘ breast liia woollon shirt was thrown back by1 reason of tho heat. Ho was a magnificent • croaturo. Young, stalwart, fair-haired, broad ■ Ghosted, with limbs liko tho booch-troo, and1 . muscles liko its groat gnarled round beads. His coat, a sort of sailor’s jaokot, was coarse . and torn; his stockings, reaching to his kucos, woro^ent and brown. Ho did not scorn to heed the wrestling, and there sat upon him tho idle .air of tho lusty Icelander—tho languor of the big, tired animal. Only, when at tho clo3o of a bout thcro was a shout and a cheer and a way . mado through tha crowd for tho exit of tho vanquished man, did ho lift up his great slow • eyes—groy as tho oyos of a soul, ami as calm . and still ami lustreless, Tho wrestling came to an ond, Patrickson justified his Irish blood, was proclaimed tho winner, uml stopped up to tha foot of thoMount that tho daughter of tho Governor might bucklo . about him his champion’s belt, Tho girl wont through hor f unction listlessly, hor eyes wander ing to whore tho fair-haired giant sat apart.. Then tho AVnatnmim islander called for drink *ihnt lie might treat tho losing mon, and, having • drunk himself, ho began to swagger afresh, | AU rights mervea. eayirig that they might find him tho strongest and lustiest man that day at Thing Vollir, ana lio would burguiu to throw him over his buck. As ho spoko ho strutted hy tlio bottom or the Mount, and tha man who sat thoro lifted his head mid lookod at him. Somothing in tno glanco arrested Patrickaoii and lio stopped. < “This Booms to ho a lump of a lad,’ ho said. “ LotuH eoo what wo can do with him.’’ And at that ho throw his long annaabout tho stalwart follow, Binttired his broad hips beforo him, thrust down liis head into his breast until his red nook was as thick as a bullock s, and throw all tho strength of Ins body into his nrrns that lio might lift tho man out of Ins sont. But lio moved him not an inch. With foot, that hold tho earth like tho hoofs of oxon, tlio young man sat unmovod. , , Thou thoso who had followod at tho islander s hcols for tlio liquor ho was sponding first stared in woudcrtiicnt at his failure, and noxfc luiigliotl in derision of his bragging, and shoutod to know why, boforo it was too Into, tho young man had not taken a bout at tho wrestling, for that ho who could hold his scat so must bo tho strongest-limbed man hotwoon tho fells and tlio sea. flouring this Fatriekscn tossed his head in anger, and said it was not yet too lato, that it lio took homo tho champion’s bolt it should bo no ruo-borgain to master or man from sea to sea, and, buckled though it WUB, it should bo his who could take it from its place. At that word tlio youug fellow rose, and then It was Boon that liis right arm was usolcss, being broken botween tho elbow and tho wrist, and bound with a korohief above tho wound. Nothing loth for this infirmity, ho throw fits other arm about tho waist ot tho islander, and tho two men closed for a fall. Patrick sen had tho first grip, and lio swung to it, thinking straightway to lay his adversary by tlio heels; but tho young man hold his foot, and j thon, pushing ono fog botwoon tho logs of tlio islundorj planting tho otlnny knoo iuto tho | islander’ll atomuch, tlirusting his head beneath tho islandor’a chin, ho knuckled his loft bund under tho islander’s rib, pulled towards him, pushed from him. throw tho woight of liis hotly forward, and like a- green witho Patricks on doublod backwards with a groan. Then at a rush of tho islander’s kinsmen, and a cry that his hack would bo broken, tho young man loosed his grip, anil Pairj^vnn All this timo Jorgon’s daughter had craned her nook to boo over tho heads of tho people, and when tho tusslo was at an end, her faco, which Imd been strained to tho point of anguish, re laxed to smiles, anil sho turned to her father and asked if tho champion’s bolt should not bo Ins who had overcome tho champiou. But Jorgon answered no—that tho contest was done, and judgment inado, and ho who would take tlio champion's bolt must come to tho next Althing anil earn it. Then tlio girl unlocked tho necklace of coral and silver spangles, beckoned tho young man to her, bound tho necklace about his broken arm closo up by tho shoulder, and askoil him his name. “ Stophon,” ho answered. “ Who’s son V” uiiid she. “ Orryson—but they call me .Stephen Orry.” “ Of what craft r” u Seaman, of Shappon, under Snaofoll.” Tho Westiuann islander had rolled to his legs hy this time, and now ho came shambling up, with tho holt in his hand and his sullen eyes on tho ground. “Keep it,” he said, and flung tho holt at tho girl’s foot, botwoon hor and his adversary. Thou ho stroilo away through tho pooplo, with curses on his white lips and tho veins of his squat forehead large auil dark. It was midnight boforo tho crowds had broken up and straggled away to their tents; but tho sun of this northern land was still half ovor tho horizon, and its dull rod glow was oil tho watora of tlio luko that lay to tho west of tho valley. In tlio dim light of an hour later, when tho hills of Thingvellir slopt under tho cloud shadow that was their only night, .Stephon Orry stood with tho govornor’s daughter hy tlio door of tho Thing vollir parsonage, for Jorgon’s company were tho parson’s guests, lio hold out tho champion’s bolt to hor and Bakl, “ Take it back, for if I keep it tho man and his kinsmen will follow me all tho days of tSho answered him that it was hts, fov ho had won it, and until it was taken from him lio must hold it, and if ho stood in peril from tlio kins man of any man let him romombor that it was sho, daughter of tho governor himself, who had given it. Tho air was hushed_ in that still hour, not n twig or a blade rustling over the serried faco of that desoluto land ns far as tho woodod rifts that stood under tho snowy dome of tho Armnnii foils. As sho Bpoko thcro was a sharp noiso near at hand, anil ho started ; but she rallied him on his fears, and laughed that ono who had foiled tho blustering champion of that day should tromhlo at a noiso in tho Thora was a wild outcry in Thingvellir tho next morning, Patrieksen, tho Westmann islaiidor, had boon murdered, Thoro was a rush of tho pooplo to tho nluco wlioro liis body had boon found. It lay liko a rag across tlio dyko that ran hot ween tho pnr3onugo and tho church. On tho dead man’s faco fftas tho look that all had soon thoro when lust night ho flung down tho holt botwoon his adversary aud tho fjovornor’H dutiah tor,.oryi>>ix, V; Jvonp, jtv’/Bufc >ih sullen eyes wore glazed, mill Hturou up without tho quivering of a' lid through tho rosy sunlight; tho dark veins on his brow wore now purple, anil when they lifted him they saw that Jiis back was broken. ' Then thoro was a gathering at tho foot of tho mount, with tho parson for judge, and nino men of thoso who had slopt in tho touts nearest to tho body for witne3sos and jury. Nothing was discovered. No ono hud heard a sound throughout tho night. There was uoyhargo to put boforo tho law-givers at Althhi". Tho kinsmen of tho dead man cast dark looks at Stophen Orry, but ho gave novor a sign. Next day tlio strong man was laid under tho shallow turf of tlio church garth, liis little Ufo’s swaggering was swaggered out; ho must slcop on to tho resurrection without ono brag \- Tho governor’s daughter did not leave tho guosfc room of tho parsommo from tlio night of tlio wrestling onwards to tho hist morning of tho AUhing holiday, and then, tho lustyoromonios done, tho touts struck ami tho ponies saddled, sho took hor place botwoon Jorgcn and tho Count for tho roturn journey homo. Twouty paces behind hor tho i’air-haircd Stephen Orry rodo on his shaggy pony, gaunt and pooky, and hoarded as a goat, ami iivo paces behind him rodo tho brothor of tho dead man Patricksou. Amid Uvo lumdrod meu and woman, and oight hundred horses cuddled for riding or packed with burdens, these three had sot their faces towards tho littlo wooden capital, July passed into August, and tho day was near that had been appointed by Jorgcn Jorgenson for tho marriage of his daughter to tho Count Trollop. At tho girl’s roquest tho marriage was postponed, Tho second day came nigh; again tho girl oxcused herself, and again tho marriago was put off. A third timo tlio appointed day approached, and a third timo tho girl asked for delay. But Jorgcn’s iron will was to ho tam pered with no longer. Tho timo was near when tlio Minister must roturn to Copenhagen, and that was reason enough why tho thing in hand Bhould ho despatched. Tho marriage must bo delayed no longer. But thon tho Count hot ray od reluctance. Humour had pestered hiiu with reports that vexed his pride. Ho dropped hints or thoin to tho governor. “Strnngo,” said ho, “that a woman Bhould prefer tho stink of tho fulmar fish to tho povfumes of civilisation.” Jorgcn fired up at tho aueor. His daughtor was liis daughter, and ho was govornor-gonoral of tho island. What low-born churl would dura to lift his oyes to tho child of Jargon Jorgenson V Tho Count had his answer pat. Ho had made inquiries. Tho innn’s name was Stephen Orry. Ho came from Shappon under Snaofoll, and was known there for a wastrel. On tho poor glory of his village vogue as an athlete, ho idlod his days in hud and his nights at tho tavern. Ilia father, an honest thrall, was done!; his mother lived by splitting and drying tho utook-fish for English traders. Ho was tho foolish old woman’s priilo, and oho kept him. Such was tho man whom tho daughtor of tho Governor had chosen boforo tho Minister for Iceland. At that Jorgen’s hard faco grow livid and whtto by turns. Thoy woro sitting at auppor in Government - house,; anil, with an oatii, tho Governor brought his list down on tlio tablo. It was a lio; his daughtor knew no more of the man than lio did. The Count shrugged his shoulders and naked where sho was then, that sho was not with thorn. Jorgon answered, with an absent look, that she was forced to kcop hor At that moment a message camo for tho Count. It was urgent and could not wait. Tho Count wont to I he door, and, returning presently, asked if Jorgon was euro that his daughter was in tho house. Certain of it ho was, for bIio was ill, and the days woro deepen ing to winter. But for all his assurance, Jorgon sprang up from his seat and mado for his daughter’s chamber. Sho was not thoro, and tho rooin was empty. Tho Count mot him in the corridor.' “Follow mo,” ho whisporod, and Jorgon followed, his proud, stern head bent low. In' tho roar of tlio Govornment-houso of lleykjavik thoro is a small meadow. That night it was inches doop in tho year’s first fall of snow, but two porsons stood together thoro, close looked in each other’s arms — Stophen Orry aud tho daughtor of Jorgou Jorgenson. I With tho tread of a cat a man cropt up behind thorn. It was tho brother of Pntriekscn. At hi^ back camo tho Count and tho Governor, Tho snow cloud liftod, and a whito gush of moonlight showed nil. With tho cry of a wild boast Jorgon flung himsolf botwoon lua daughter and her lover, loapt at Stephen and struck him hard on tho breast, und thou, ub tho girl drop|>od to hor knooa at liia foot, ho cursed “ Bastard,” ho Blirioked, “thoro’a no blood of mino in your bod}'. Go to your filthy offal, and may the devil-you bolh.” She stopped hor ears to shut out tho torrent of a fathers curse, hut boforo tho flood of it was spent sho fell backward cold and senseless, and her unturned faco was whiter than tho snow’. Then lior giant lover lifted her in his arms as it sho had boon a child, and strodo away in Bilcnco. 