CAMP FIRE MEMORIES. . The sun hasugone down, and I'm not at all sorry To hobble the mare out, and put on her bell, » For we've had a hard day of labour and worry, And I'm not only tired, but aching as well. For " lenny " has given me a regular "buster,"— A cherub, I think, must preserve bushmens necks — . But 'twas my own fault,— I was foolish to trust She's as treacherous, quite, as the rest of her sex. Though 'tis pleasant to lie and to puff at the briarwood When the " billy " is slung and the Johnny- cake's made ; Yet all hands had better get plenty of firewood, For the night will be deucedly cold, I m afraid. We. talk of the stock when we've finished our suppers, As we lie round the fire with every pipe lit ; Of how "Jenny" will kick if you put on a crupper, And how Ned's near polerjwill not pull a bit But when all my mates are snoring around me, And nought else is hsard but the distant horse- bells, , , , I take out the last English letter that found me, And read, once again, all the news that it tells. The Bweet, kindly counsel ; the words of affection I pore over again, 'till my aching eyes dim : I've strained them, (that's all, 'tis the dancing reflection Of the firelight, that makes the words waver and swim. In fancy, again, I see those that love me ; The chums of my boyhood — the place of my birth. They are respectable— placed far above me, WhilstI am a wanderer— an outcast on earth ! I know I've been wayward, wild, and offending, But I've never, at least, stuck in crime's dirty bog 5 And as for this life— God alone knows its ending — A chance to retrieve, or the death of a dog ! I But should it be so ; should stern Fate put its I veto I On the hopes that I form, and the plans that | I frame ; I Yet this I've determined —(confound that mos- I quito) — I I'll never do aught to disgrace the old name. I # # # I By Jove ! there's the rroon ; it is nearly eleven ! I Like ghosts the black shadows are haunting I the trees, And the big stars are twinkling aloft in the 1 heavens ... I Like so many lamps flickering far in a breeze. I Well, here's for a snooze— was that!1' Jenny I ' neighing ? .-I I've got to turn out in the dawn, cold and dim, I For that rascal Doctor's a beggar for straying, And by sunrise the whole of the mob must be in. So if Fortune should bring me good luck, I will thank it ; \- Should it bring the reverse, I can take what may come ; . And I drop off to sleep, rolled up snug in my | blanket, With a faintly-breathed prayer for the dear folk at home ! Cecil W. Pierce " Poole." Salutation Hotel, Yass. 