TELEGRAMS. ' * _.^TAS]MlANIA. .^.HDBAOT. \-- *-; ??'? '????' fefirannum is. He Supreme Ooort, in Equity, 'before fl*?- ^^ ,Ooutt) the case, ? Macmkhael and another, was set down for hearirjgjon Tuesday -west. Eowell and others oeivufi Hepborrt, an applica tion for an lBjurfttion to restrain puties from noting ? under the Settled lands Act. The copies, of , the papers not haviWboenfurofshad to the' iudro. and the court could not therefore proceed, and the suit 'was set down for hearingian Friday, the 20th lost, the «ost of (ihe ?flay falling en the plaintiffs. i JA. meeting of ihe Hospital Board was held to-day, when the visiting and finance committees' repoits — which were satisfactory ones— were read and adopted. The question of an inferior keg of brandy which was supplied to the institution ?was discussed, and a re port from fee Government analyst was read, which showed that the spirit was injurious to the patieDts. A vote of thinks was accorded to the members of the St. David's Guild for the gift of an invalid chair for the children. The board deddedtb grant the loan of some instruments to a medical man of the city ;ou payment of £L J.S. It was re ported that a musical box sent home to Kugland had been 'damaged and was beyond rarjeiri and that a bill had been rendered for repairs amounting to £5 lls, which the board decided to defray. The remaitioer of the business was of a routine character. The i»t»»iib1 spiritual exercise or re Seat of the Catholic clergy of toe arch, diocese of Hobart terminated at half pest 7 o'clock this morning. At a Quarter to & o'olock the clergy proceeded procesdonally to St. Mary's Cathedral, singing the prescribed psalms for synodal initiation. The Cathedral was then entered, and the priests took up their respective positions in the sanc tuary according to seniority. Arch bishop Murphy took his seat on the throne, and was vested in full ponti ficials, and commenced to celebrate the mass of the Holy Ghost, assisted by Dean Beechinor, who had with him as deacons the Kevs. J*. J, Koone, of Latrobe, and J.tHurphy, of Franklin. The masters of the oeremony were the i Kevs. P. B. Eennehty and T. Kelsh. Mass was proceeded with in the usual way to communion, when the whole of the clergy received it from the hands of the celebrant. After rflfi&s; had been celebrated His Grace addressed a latin discourse to the assembled priests on the nature of the object which they were gathered to celebrate, and perti nently alluded to their many ecdesias tjcal duties and matters intimately con nected with the proper government of their nocks, and dwelt at some length on the antiquity of synods and the good they effected by bringing the clergy together. The secretary of the Synod (Rev. M. 3. BeMhinor) then ascended the pulpit, and read in English the decrees which were enacted at the two years ago, over which Cardinal* ! Moron presided, and at which the , hierarchyof Australasiawere assembled. After this local and diocesan enact ' ments were read, some of which hud 'special reference to the question of primary intermediate university instruction, as well as the education ' onA troininir «F t.Tin fltt-.UH* filfirffV. The ' next order of things was the promoter requesting the assembled eforgy to make a solemn profaMiob oi faith, to which the Archbishop gave a reply. After the decree of the Council of Trent was read, His Grace read the , names of the priests in attendance, and the secretary announced that the Revs. P. K. Hennebry, ML. J. Beechinor, and I. Eelsh had been appointed Synodal , examiners for the year, and the Hev. I J. J. Feehan secretary, who were instructed to bring up a report of the proceedings. The '? Te Dnim' was eung, and responses made by tne clergy. The Archbishop then gave his blessing, 'when aoolamation was sung, wishing health and happiness to the reigning . Pontiff and the Archbishop. ' Nomine I Chruli was then sung, when the pro ? cession returned to the sanctuary. The I ceremony was of a most impressive and imposing nature, the music in the moss being of a high order. DuriDg the 1 w«k the Bev. Father P. Dufly, S.J., ' gave four lectures in the Archbishops palace to the assembled priests. ; The lecture announced for this even J-ing at the Town Ball by the Bev. J. V. Chamberlain, in aid ol tneuocK lauww' r relief fund was postponed, owing to the (spares attendance consequent on the 'inclemency of the weather. .ifAThe fifth annual meeting of the t Mercantile Eowing Club was held to night There was a good attendance i of members, the Hon. G. P. Fitzgerald, \- ILEX, occupying the chair. The report set forth that the past season was a very successful one from a rowing ' point of view, the club now standing in the proud position of the premier club /of the colony, the club having won the Amateur Championship at Bellenve. The finanoes of the club for the past .... .. ...«»* vint. tavn*aW.H. AR itS Dr6fl6 cessor, owing it is asserted to the un ? satisfactory outcome of the dispute re garding the amateur question, whiah Had a aeraimemtu wimjuu ujwu *.*...— e I in general. ' The club's annual regatta I at Lindesforne Bay was a great success, | and after paying over £70 in prizes a I small Toalauce remained. Hope was . expressed that amateur rowing would I be placed on a satisfactory footing. At the Police 'Court to- day ex ' Detective Delaney was fined 10s and coats for using threatening language to Edward B. Garone. The same defen dant was -also charged with having failed ho maintain his wife, and also with having assaulted her. The de fanAant. rUpoAod CTiiltv to tho unar^e of assault and was was fined 20s, and ordered to find securities, himself in £20 and two others of £10 each. Ihe other charge was withdrawn, an n«iAikU ovmnfrfmmnt h&VUlC; UQOn arrived at. ltumor is rife bore uiat a whan official recently ltnportod a quantity of flour from an adjoining colony, which he endeavored to land without paying the customary duty. A vigilant police man with a strong protective tendency suspected the landing of the foreign commodity, and »? «- -?« a'-'e notice to the powers that be, «hu have the matter -under consideration. The Marine Board mot to-day and the Master Warden reported th arrangements had UBen made whereby the board would takecharge of tho light ing of the leading lights at the Mersey until the meeting of the local board. It was deddedjto call for tenders for ^Jr-^eWl^lightAw^: Itotthiei .tartScThiimSletfrt.'fdiV' directing the Curator oMpteetaie fi*t*ee to' aomihisfer tV estate 'of Robert Boag Smith; late of iFormby;. deceased. A large and enthusiastic meeting'1 of the League pf the Cross .was held at fit. taary'&'Oathea'ral' 'schoolroom fe-night, Dean Beechinor presiding. The chair man was pheored on entering ptib room, ! and Mr'C. \J.^ ^tamsay wfloomed him and the other. clergy. ': -Ha'then form ally opened No. 1 and 3 branches, after which he, preaonted (ho; Dean with/ on. address of welcome from the members, expressive of joy to see him in their midst again. The Dean , rqplied in a humorous speech, and encouraged the members to persevere. .Ho spoke at length eulogistically of Mr Hamsay's Bolf- Bacriacingwork. Fathers Beechinor and O'Oallaghan also spoke lengthily, and wereT ollowed ly 'several members.' Surprise was expressed by the Deaa to find that nearly all of the large assem blage were members of the league. 