WHY AM I A " ROMAN" CATHOLIC? JFOR.' t.yERy^ MANY REASONS, AND THIS ' IS ONE. ; Because I believe in Jesus Christ. I believe that He has the words of eternal life. I believe that He, being the Son of G-odj knew what to teach, and how to teach it, and that consequently what He said is law for ever. Though heaven and earth shall pass away His word shall not pass away (St. Mark xiu. 31). I can only believe, therefore, in one Christianity, and that must be the original Christianity which hame from the lips of Jesus Christ. Now Christ entrusted all His doctrine to a certain body of living teachers, to be spread by them throoghont the These teachers were the twelve itles, the first Bishops of the Chris lurch. They were first instructed [he mysteries if the J§n (St. Matt xi ill 11 J, .t He had h&lgrd; froMthe Jopt^ xv. 15)] j theHoly ■>--ssr- v them te|jD8|^$ihem remember|It alt (St. JoI^pt^|S6); and lasnyi tnejf' were coflfuaitld to teach that doctrine,, Chi Christian religion, to all' f(§t. Mattfxxviii. 19, 20). Now in oijder. to provide a written record of the Toupding of the Church, pnd ^f the glorimjs^rojlnses made to itV^nd of its constitutiaifh^d organisa tion, and some of the very words of Ohmt- and ApngtlftBj ftftrtAin of the Apostles and their disciples were inspir ed by the Holy Ghost to writfc the books of the new Testament. The Testament, therefore, is the inspired Word oT God. The Testament, however, nowhere says or implies that it contains " all the. council of God." It nowhere tells us what books form a part of it, nor even how many inspired books there are. It prescribes no system of public worship; it does not give in full the rite for administering any sacrament* It makes allusion merely to many things, in which the reader is supposed to' have been already instructed (See Heb. vi. 1, 2; 2 Thess. i. 14; 2 Tim. i. 13), Thus the Bible shows that the Bible alone was never ^intended to teach the whole religion of Cfenst. On the contrary, it points to a body pf Jiving men who were the ministers of Christ and thV-dispensers of the mysteries of God (rsCor. iv. 1. 2.) Moreover, it describes things forming a Kingdom or Church, and hfwisg one Lord, one faith, one Baptism (Ephes/^ 6). And it speaks of the Church as a " glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle (Ephes. v. 27); as the pillar and ground of truth (1 Tim.iii. 15) ; as founded on Apostledand PrOphetB,' Jesus Christ being its chief corner-stOnC (Ephes. ii. 20); as a Kingdom that shall never bd destroyed (Pan. ii. 44); against which the gates of Hell shall not prevail (St. Matt. xvi. 16); and to which from the beginning God has added daily such aB are to be saved (Acts ii. 47). In other words, if I want true Chpi.v tianity, I must seek it in ^tlie true Christian Church; and the true Christian Church must be the original Christian Church, and the original Christian Church is that which is Roman and Catholic. Roman because its chief pastor has always been Bishop of Rome, since the day when St. Peter, on whom Christ built His Church (St. Matt. xvi. 18) first fixed bis See in that city; and Catholic, because it is universal or world-wide in its extent, teaching all nations to observe all things commanded by Christ. Here, then, is a consideration which alone would suffice to make me a Catholic. It destroys whole volumes of Protestant objections. You tell me for instance, that the Church of Borne, pure in the beginning, in course of time corrupted its doctrine, introduced practices .unwarranted by.Scriptu re, and BO' ceased to bethetrpeChurch of Jesus Christ, and hence tbe need of the " Glorious Reformation," as you call it. But observe, the original Church, having Christ with .it all days, even to the end of the world (St.: Matt. Xxviii. 20), and the Holy Ghost abiding with it for ever (St. John xiv. 16), and lead ing it in all truth (St. John xvi, 13), could never-lose the purity of its faith. Whoever else ;might fall, the Church could not apostatise. We have God's premise that it shall stand for ever (Dan. ii. 44), and that '* the gates," or power of Hell shall not prevail against it (St. Matt. xvi. 18). And again, when Luther, Calvin, Henry VIIL, and their followers w?re starting in their mad eareer, either.the true religion was then in the world or it was not. If it was, they committed grievous crimes in making new religion to oppose it.- If it was not, they were powerless to create it. It takes a ChriBt, not a Luther, to create a Christianity. On either supposition, therefore, Pro testantism is not the true religion of Jesus Christ. My dear friend, yon talk nonsense when you tell me that the doctrines of Transuhstantiation, Purgatory, Papal Supremacy, and the like, are corruptions. For first, they ore taught in the Biblej and secondly, they are portions of the doctrine of the -originalChurch j «id God has giventoithat Charchthe com mission to teachali nations, andtfcwe foreho teach both you andtae, "what are corrpptipjus pad what are noty Hebas mvenyp n° commission toteachHis Chupk^jfrpr did He give, pny^?Pj» commission. .to the first Protestant preaci^«3r8.,r n'.^ V . Submit-yourself then to the Original Church. Lawn and believe its doctrines. They are all scriptural, *11 holy, all beautiful. You may. possibly have much to suffer from friends or foes, for. the devil hates converts. But if you want-genuine, true, and perfect Christianity, you can only find it in the original, Catholic, and Roman Church. —Catholic Truth Society. The Hon. Sir "Willip.ni Comar Petberham, Kt., Q.C., Chief Justice of Calcutta* was recently received into the Church by the Rev. Fr. Lafont, S.J. Tet another Belgian priest is about to follow in the footsteps of Fr. Damien. The Belgian papers state that Fr. Valentine Frankz, of Willebroek, in the Diocese of Mechlin, has just been ordained priest, and intends to embark on July 6, at Le Havre, for the Sand wich Isles. He will probably be sent to replace Fr. Damien at Molokai. Lobd Hopetoun recently invited the most Rev. Dr. Smith, Catholic Archbishop of Edinburgh, to dinner in Holyrood, whereon a good ProteBtant clergyman, known as Rev. Jacob Primmer, rose with a lump in his throat to declare that this is the first time since the Reformation that a Catholic ecclesiastic has been thus honored. Then Primmer used bad language. Werner, (he great German drama tist, at the age of 45 became a Catholic, and afterwards a priest. His writings prove that he regarded the faith as the chief blessing of his life, and that he clung to it as the anchor of his soul. In reply to a. rumor that be intended returning to Protestantism be said, " It is as impossible as a soul in bliss should return into the grave as that a man like me should do so after a life of errpr and search has found the priceless jewel of truth." The Burial of Prince Rudolph.— It Is right that, despite the lies which have been circulated by the Freemason news and telegraphic agencies of the Continent, the truth concerning the action of the Pope on the occasion bf the burial of the late Crown Prince bf Austria should- be made known. It will be remembered that the post mortem examination made by three I medical professors assigned as thej cause of death—saicide while in a state of mental aberration. In the case of a private individual this would have authorised the. burial of the body with simple religious rites. But scandal was already abroad, ventilated by evidently interested parties. The Emperor, who has long been the support of the uatuoucs m tne precarious political condition of his country, took the steps necessary under the circumstances. He also gave an example of submission to the guidance of the Church that ought1 not to be lost upon his brethren in the faith. In the long telegraphic des patches, where alone, until this day, the whole story of the awful tragedy has been narrated, be sought counsel from the Pope. , In fhe crushing sorrow and perplexity of the head of a east Empire, where national interests even were at stake, only the Head of Christ's universal Church could give light and comfort.' In these sad telegrams the Emperor expressly declat ed his wish that all the prescriptions of the Church .re garding the burial of those who die by suicide should be rigorously, observed. And, whateeer may have been said to the contrary, it was so done. Never was it more necessary than how for Catholics to receive with hesitancy any statement regarding the Sovereign Pontiff which does - hot reach them through authoritative channels. A Syllabic Slip.—Dr. Carpenter was noted for the quickness of his wit, and it was a common saying in the town in which he lived thiU he always had an answer ready when it was required. . He was once introduced as " Dr, Carter." Immediately .his triend aaw his error, and corrected himself. "Never mind," said the doctor,/'it's only h slip of tbepen." , 