[ CHURCH OF ENGLAND MISSION. The Anglican Mission continues to attract widespread interest. There were large con gregations at all the services yesterday, espe* clally those in the evening. AT ST. Paul's Chtjhch. ! St Paul's Church was filled to the doors in the evening* when Archdeacon Julias con- { tinned his address on the parable of the [ Prodigal Son. Xn the coarse of his remarks he showed how those who resolved to amend their lives found themselves beset with difficulties, and often felt faint and weary in the struggle to retrace their steps. The preacher placed special emphasis on the fact that in order to properly] amend there must be a firm resolu tion preceded by calm and cnrefal delibera tion*. The desire to lead a better life to be | lasting must be something more than tbe result of a hurried impulse. It was only aft?r a man realised the utter tmhappiuess and misery of a life of sin that he was able to make an effective repentance* God wanted the sinner to make th6 first advance,and He would then show him love and tender mercy. People seemed'to imagine that no one was anxious about their salvation but themselves: They forgatthat God was ever yearning to bring them back to His fold, and to number them once more amongst His followers. The sermon was, throughout, a very eloquent and telling one* CHRIST CHURCH. The services of the day coinmoQced with a devotional meeting in the morning which was conducted by the Ke\\. II. Stanley Mercer, who continued the discourses on the work of the Holy Spirit by an address on " The Holy Spirit- giving Afsurance.3' During the day Canon "Langley, Canon Goodman, and tbe Rev. W. G. Marsh by permission of the managing body of the Victorian "Woollen Mills, held a service in the factory which was attended by mo3t of the employees. Mr Marsh delivered a most earnest address, which appeared to produce a deep impression upon his hearers. The afternoon Bib!e reading in the church was conducted by Canon I*angley; his subject being Forgiveness of Sins and the Christian Life. His text was taken from portions of Paalms xxxii. In the evening Canon liangley de* livered an impressive sermon from Hebrew iiL chapter, vii. verse-The Holy Ghost saith to-day." The preacher showed in a most solemn manner that the Gospel would ba no Gospel if it were not an offer of salvation now, for who could tell to whom belongs the future. Many people remained to the after meetings, 'ihe congregations at all the services were latye, that in the evening quite filling the church. 