VIOLET HAMILTON; or, ; THE "TALENTED" FAMILY. CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) . "You are very kind — very good, ma'am - but ic is all a mistake ! " said the girl, in a low, earnest, and very sweet voice — her pale cheeks becoming suffused with a delichte rose-tint : " I will never come out as: a public singer — never ! Mr. Cripps h(is been most kind ; but this — I have rip taste, no heart, an utter repugnance. . . . My poor father would never " she could not proceed. . . . 1 " if — if any lady would do mo the; very great kindness to receive me , as lier daughter's musical teacher or as a. needlo- woman, or in any capacity Yiolot could get no farther. Tho words stuck in licr throat. The blood ebbed from her face, leaving it more pale than before; she trembled in every limb, and durst not look up to her judge, who was now, however, looking with eagerness at somo one behind her. " Ah 3 Mr. Charles Hcrbort ! it is you ; we short-sighted people aro so stfipid." "Have not I. named her right?" ; cried, the. rather intrepid Juliana. " The gentle lily, bending on its stem." Violet shrunk away like a, ghost, nor stopped until she was again bolted in her closet-chamber, when a burst of tears relieved her choking bosom. "I fear I have interrupted your conversation with Mdlle. Gabrielle, ma'am," said Mr. Herbert, after an awkward pause, and without replying to Juliana's appeal for his verdict ; " and frightened her away, too. I am a sad blunderer." " Ah, poor thing ! — but our conver sation can be renewed. You overheard, then, her petition to be received into my family, as my daughter's gover ness ?" "Oh, mamma, delightful ! Surely you will engage Violet at once ?" "I will do my duty, my giddy Juliana," returned tho prudent, if still smiling mother, probably remembering that Juliana was nearly 15, and Mr. Herbert not entitled to marry, by his own choice, for three years yet. "Made moiselle's talents aro brilliant, of the first order; no question of that; but the morale, Mr. Herbert." ' Mrs. Somers Stocks gave her head a Burleigh shako, which, communicated to her blonde lappets, sat every spray of her redundant fuschios a-waving in sympathy with her virtues. Mr, Herbert stood musing — "That sweet, lovely, and certainly timid girl — so very young- looking too, so innocently modest.". Herbert was neither of the age nor character which leads to harsh or un charitable conclusions ; and the poor girl appeared so unhappy in her present position, so disinclined to what seemed her destiny, that, had she been as plain as she was beautiful, she would have interested his feelings. "Would she, or would she not, appear to- morrow ? He half wished that she might keep her word, and revolved how he could be instrumental in procuring her the favor of Mrs. Somers Stocks, aB he led that lady to hor cloalc, clogs, and lantern, and now first recollected to assure Miss Juliana " that she had hit on an admirable choice for Made moiselle Gabrielle, who, with slender drooping figure, and in her white dress, had all the lily's delicacy and purity." "Don't you, Mr. Herbert, please sir, call Violet by Mr. Cripps' nick name. Her own name is Violet Hamil ton ; and ono day, when she was very sad, she said tome, 'Don't you, Juliana, .call me Mademoiselle Gabrielle; do give mo tho pleasure to hear at least one kind voice sometimes call me Violet as my father did,' I assure you, mamma, I almost cried ; and now both Susan Cripps and I always call her Violet vrhen wo are by ourselves." " Oh, that chatter-box ! Thanks, thanks, Mr. Herbert. That gold hook and eye — never mind it — you are too good. Well, good luck to us to-morrow at the poll i I conclude you will oe off for London as sooii as the poll closes ? The concert cannot commence before then." Mr. Herbert gave no satisfactory answer, and Mrs. Stocks set out, marshalled by the! bank porter carry ing tho lantern. The rector was also gone, nearly all the IdigDified presences had withdrawn, and! the younger part of the company became gayer than ever. There was now music in earnest. Violet slipped open hor door, and stolo out upon the stairs as .the thrilling and delicious tones of Cripps' violin raised her into a world of enchantment. The poor prima donna! was not missed in the revel. Miss Crjpps, ably sup ported by her father, took the abdicated part, and sustained it with ndaunted courage, and, save to the car Adjudg ment of her fastidious father, with splendid success. Sir George now, at long and last, dropped in; and was received with rapturous welcome by the whole of the grateful and delighted family, while he obtained tho earnest whispered thanks of Mrs. Cripps for tho couple of dozen of champagne which he had taken the liberty to send to her. Choice wines, of all sorts had been sent from London for Ins election dinner of the former day, together with fruit, oysters, venison, <fcc., and tlio remainder were placed at the command of Mrs. Cripps for her party — Sir Goorge stating that lie ventured the freedom, because he was so well aware that it was impos sible for Mrs. Cripps to get things as she would wish to have them in W . The landlord of the Royal Oak grumbled at the innovation, and re solved to remonstrate on his lawful perquisites going away in this illegiti mate manner ; but he recollected him self in time, and put his grumbling in the bill. An ainplo and' luxurious supper, where, from the want of space, the gentlemon first gallantly waited on the ladies, speedc-d tho laughing hours; and the night concluded with comic aiul convivial sor.gs, glees, and catches. in which tlio old chorister of Windsor jollily and heartily bore his part. Violet fell asleep to the distant lullaby of " A Frinr of Orders Gray." " Ho is a fellow of infinite fun and glee, my little friend Cripps, is lie not, Herbert ?" said Sir George, as tho friends took their way to their inn, at an hour which it would not havo been safe to have mentioned to all the yellows. " IIo has dono me immense good, in his small way, in this canvass ; and I like it all the better that it is for myself, and not like Stocks, and those yea- forsooth fellows, who support me for my liberal principles, forsooth ! We must do something for him when he come3 to town." "Is not that a hazardous cast; and the good little man and his family ; so snug here ?" | " Hazardous ! — has he not that - girl, his pupil, to produce? Somo would propose to Italianise hor for a couple of years. I say, No. English feeling can yet appreciate English talent and genius. That girl has both. Made moiselle — what the deuce docs lie call her? — coming out as Polly, in tho "Beggar's Opera" — sterling English — none of your Mandane's ; and his own port Miss, as Luey. . . Don't lot that girl get too affectionate, by tiie way, Herbert. I noticed your petits soins, my friend. Jt won't do. Remember I am security to your mother for your good -behavior. . . But, as I was saying — Polly and Lucy ; little Cripps holds a flush — Tom Welsh never held such trumps. And the gipsy must give herself airs, too ; take headaches and caprices, as if sbo already had a salary of 50 guineas a week." ' " How:came you to hoar her sing, Sir George, as it seems this is a favor she rarely bestows on an ordinary audienco ? " " Oh ! little Cripps had mo sto away in tho next room. 'Thedelicato organisation of his pupil — her exces sive timidity ' — all humbug, you know. She warbles .like a dear augel, though ; and wo must lend her a hand when she is fit to produce. Cripps is quite the fellow for managing tho puffing, the press, and till that sort of thing." On the morning after the grand farewell concert, and the election of Sir George Lees, by a majority of five, Mrs. Somers Stocks sent a polite note, requesting to see Miss Violet Hamil ton immediately, on business of im portance. Hor note was returned. Mr. Cripps, his daughter Maria, and Madoinoiselle Gabrielle had gone off' to London by the early mail ; Mr. Charles Herbert and Cripps outside — the member and the ladies within ! Mrs, Somers Stocks, at first stunned by the intelligence, in five minutes rang to order her clogs. " If any particular friend calls I am only over at the rectory, Sally. — There will be news of this hasty journey," was an aside. CHAPTER HI. " Knowledge is power," said the philosopher ; and that linowledgo of the world, of Life, and of "the Town," is power to gull the town handsomely, at least for a time, if not finally to lead it by the nose, ruminated Mr., now magnified into Professor, Cripps. This sort of knowledge, with its many subordinate l-equisites and ap pliances, was already in the possession of the principal branch of the talented family ; and it lmd fairly taken post in that arena whore such faculties aro most successfully cultivated, and dis played to the best advantage. " Right, right, Sir George ; London, after all, is the great magnet, the grand mart for talent. Sir, I have lost 20 years of my Hfo !" Thus spoke " Professor Cryppos, Mus. Doc. No. — , Regent's Park," so designated on his handsome cards of address, as he looked round the elegant saloon of his new dwelling, and almost fancied that his life, for the last month, had been a fairy tale. But there are no effects without adequate causes, save, perhaps, in novels ; so we shall glance back for an instant upon those which had pro duced this sudden and brilliant trans formation ; not that all was yet gold that glittered in the establishment of Professor Cryppes. Lot us first, however, bestow a word upon talented families in general. There are persons so ill-natured as sometimes to term them adventurers, swindlers, and what not. We are, we trust, more charitable and discrimi nating. Though it be not, at all times, easy to trace tho exact line which divides classes that are so apt to converge into each other, from having no original fixed position in society, success, we should say, is the genorti distinction of a talented family or talented individual, as opposed to ad venturers ; who, without tho presence of that essential element to British respectability, success, may remain, though gifted with the higher quality of genius, adventurers or swindlers to the last hour of their career. Talented families may be found in every wealthy and luxurious society, tho in struments of its amusements and pleasures ; but the mixed government and free institution of this happy country, which threw open the path to wealth and to tho highest distinction to every man possessed of ability, per severance, and honorable ambition, are alleged to bo peculiarly favorable to the development of talent. And it does happen that a scheming, supple, servile lawyer, of obscure birth, may, once in half a century or so, creep very high ; or the tutor or chaplain of an influential patrician houBe be some what oftener beheld transformed into a bishop ; though one never hoars of a general being found in their ranks, or an admiral before tho mast. Talented families, in their first generation at least, ave rarely met with in tho regular or learned professions. The education of their members is usually scrambling and ! immethodical ; and their highest lino of enterprise is generally confined to the arts, and the lower walks of litera ture. They are painters, players, sculptors, adepts in new potty inven tions of the decorative kind, nuack- \ ' doctors, ushers, itinerant lecturers on elocution, dentists, manufacturers of shoe-blacking, patent coffee-powders, and soda-water. Thoy are, in short, to bo found in all tho fluctuating grades of middle-class society, though more generally among its loose, fish and raffish members. It is not less true that, in talented families, are found many of thoso individuals who form the grace and ornament, if not tho strength, of society. The Sheridans, the Burneys, the Ivombles, tind, in their own walk, tho Porters, for examplo, belonged to the bettor order of " talented families." From such households havo arisen individuals, illustrious alike from genius and worth, and also not a few charlatans, im pudent pretenders, and worthless, though successful political adventurers. London, as Professor Cryppes and Sir George Lees have declared in tlio eyes of our readers, is tho great mart of such families ; which, like all other families, succeed best when numerous and united. As a general rule, they may bo pronounced eminently successful when, after strug gling on through one generation, they fairly emerge and tako place in the next, and when all tho daughters make good matches, and all the sons obtain lucrative posts. A nice moral sense, a scrupulous conscience, and a dignified self-respect, would often be serious obstacles to tho success of a talented family ; but, on the other hand, regular conduct, so far as tho observance of tho decorums and appearances, and the most punctilious attention to pecuniary engagements, aro as indispensable to succoss as good lodgings and handsome dress. Such individuals as Sheridan or Wilkes, gifted with consummate ability, or insuperable effrontery and ready wit, might, in their own day, have got oft' from the tribunal of decorum by pleading tho dispensing power of genius ; but his plea would scarcely avail even thoso great geniuses in moral age, and would at once be quashed if urged by inferior rogues. A woman, by surpassing beauty and accomplishments, or a man, by fine address and great intellectual power, may succeed for a short time, in spite of reckless extravagance and irregu larity of life ; but Professor Cryppes was early awaro, however unsteadily ho might at times act upon his convic tions, that, in England, tho founda tions of solid prosperity are not .so laid. It was, however, equally his belief that the enterprising spirit which " bodes a robe of gold and wears it," when accompanied by knowledge of the world and a modest assurance, will generally realize its own ambitious ex pectations, though reflecting and straight-laced porsons may regard them as altogether extravagant or preposter ous. They look only to the ends, and the small means for accomplishing them, which, fettered by conscience, they have power to employ, without capacity of taking into account all the resources of unrestrained talent) to be continued, 