W THE7RA0ED7." " > <Ju»gue ipeo tniserrima vldi-—VmotL. mhebxitk CSevcs was a Lady of rank : • > Sbs bud lands »nd fine lipqs^ andcaehih the Bank; '--•-,; - I He'd a sneer on bis lip, and a scowl with hia eye, And a frown on his brow—and he look'd like a Guy, Bo she took to intriguing With Monsieur . St. Megrin, A young man of fashion, and worth, ;'». ^ ^ o ' ^ t ^ e n ^ t o f o « ^ ^ ti m tfftc He smiled, and he fliUei'd, and ease, And wes veiy snpenor to Mbnseignenr - de Guise. Mow Monsieur St. Megrin was curious to know If the Lady approved of his passion or no ; So without more ado. He put on his £urteat, And went to a man with a beard like a Jew. One Signor Ruggieri, A. -Cunning-man near, he Could conjure,, fell forUioec, an& calculate tides, Petform tricks on the c&rde;^ ^n)d. Heaven knows what b^Sta, Bring" b.'.ck a stray'd cow, silver lhdle, or' spoon, r And. was thought to he thick; with Un^San in \- the. Moool The Sage took his staud mUi. his W^adt his hand, Dues a circle, then gave the dread word at ennunand. Saying solemnly—"Prolo! — Bey, qutokj Oock-a-lorum "II When the Duchess immediately popp'd up before 'enu Justtheaa oonj unction.^ Ten us and Mkuis, Or something: peculiar above intho- star*, Attracted rhe notica of S%oor Baggwrik . Who " bolted," and Itft him alone with his deary. • • _ Monsieur St. Megrin went dawn on Lis knees, And the Duchess, gied tears large as marrow-Eat peas, When—fancy the shock.— A loud double knock, Made tbe Lady cry, "Get up, you fbcl i— there's De Guise!" Tans hia Grace, sore enough; SO Monsieur, looking bluff Strutted by, with his liat on, and fiogeiinglus raft While, unseen by either, away flew the Dame Through the opposite ltey-hole, the eaqe way she came; But, alack I aud alas! A mishap came to pasr, In her hurry she, somehow or other,.let fall A new silk Bandana she'd worn as i shaM ; She had used it for drying Hot bright eyes while crying, And blowing her sob?, as her Bess ta&M; of dying !• Now the Duke, who had seen it so lately adorn her, And knew the great C with the Crown in the corner; ^ Hie instant he spied it, smoked something; Iss, Aud said, with some energy, " D it!, what a this t" He went home in a fame, And into her room, • Crying, " So, Madam, I find I've sope cause to be jealous ; Look here!—here's a proof you run tfter the fellows! '; ' —Now take up that pen—if it's bad (hoose a ' better— ' And write, as I dictate, this moment la letter To Monsieur—you know who f Tbe Lady . looked blue; i But replied with much firmness—" Hug Be if I dot" De Guise grasped her wrist With his great bony fist, And pinch'd it, and gave it so paiufol a. twist, That liiB hard, iron gauntlet the fltsh went an inch in— She did' not mind death, but eha could not stAnd pinching; So she Bat down and wrote This polite little note:— "Dear Mister St. Megrin, The chiefs of the League in Our house mean to dine Hi is evening at nine; I shill, 6003 after ten. Slip away from the men. And you'll find me upstairs in the drawingroom then ; . Come up the Wok way or these impudent thieves Of servants wSI see yoa; Tours Catherine of Cleves." ^ sealed it, all pale as a ghost, |Hlt it ioto the Twopenny Post. almsst jumped out of his «Kn rheQ the post came in ; through, Then began it St aJtooat too good newB to be Oil bik tMt And a hood over to diyiim Mb, and m"ke him jtBMlience, from half after four, —^ till Ten at De Guise's back- B^enhe ^ ^ t h e great clock. If* ran iip the back staircase six «tep6 it a time; - * I - He bad acacrpe made his bow, He hudly When \ and alack! There jiraa B ' jSttittfTMrtJk, _ r . : For the dwwing-room door was bavg^ ^owith '" awback; (n vain he applied To the handle aid tried, Somebocy or other had lacked it opiside 1'- ' And the Duchess in agony mourned ^ier mishap, \- - • — - '"We ate caught-like a couple of rats in a trap.' 1 Now the Duchess's Page, About twelve years of age, For so little a boy was remarkably sage ; And just in the nick, to their joy am amazement, j Popp'd tbe Gaa-lighttr'e ladder oltse under the casement. 1 But all would not do—Though St. Megrin got through The window—below stood De Guile and his crew, . . ' And though never man was more (irare than "St. Megrin; Yet fighting a soore is extremely .fatiguing ; He Uirust cqrte and ticrce. Uncommonly ' fierce. But not Belzebub'a self could their cuirasses pierce; While his doublet and hose, Being holiday clothes, Were soon cut through and through from his knees to'his nose'; StiU an old crooked the Conjuror gave him, From pisto{ and sword ^as snffioent to save ' him; . But when beat on his knew, Tha| fpp. fpimjed De'Buise Came behind wliiUie " fogle " thatcaueed all this breefe, Whipp'd it tight round his neck, and ^hep backward he'd jert'd him, The rest of tbe rascals jpmp'd on him and Biirk'd bim. ' - ' The poor little Page, too, himself got no quarter, but ' " Was served the same way, And was found the next day With his heels in the air, and his bead in the water-hutt; ' Catherine of Cleves Boqr'd "Murder!" .and "ThievesI" 7'. fWm (he vindon; ebflve While tbey murder'd her lore; . : TO1, finding the rogues bad 'accomplished his' ^laughter, • '* .* . - - • She drenk' Prussic arid without any water, And died like a Duke^and-a-Dutaieas's daqghkoBAU 'ifi warning, ye fair, tro^i this fale of the "Sard's, AndSon't pi whare 'fortunes ara toMonthe • c^rds! •' " - - • : - . Bnt slew dear of Conjirrora—paver put querr > ''Wise Mrs."- WilliamB, 1 ' m folka- 13m •- Huggieri. • . 7--— hen alone in your room Bhut the door dose, . and took at; •••••"^•.r. ; TODB SITE -W ?0JJB fp(®tl • - ' icstyon too should stumble, *nt} Lojd Lere. J poetl-t? tfU ypnr esd s h | p p 