dllnfeNT SCHOOLS. Much has been said for and against religions and secular education in general, and of/therespective merits of Catholic and ProteBtantboarding-schools in particular; the former have been so misrepresented by bigoted persons, for the most part entirely unfamiliar with the smallest details of their cnrricnlnm and general oharacter, that many erroneous and ridiculous impressions have gone abroad concerning them. It has also been widely asserted, and believed by many, that the educational facilities of convent schools were, of an inferior order, though the exact contrary is the case. Nowhere can we find teachers more thoroughly trained .or accomplished, in the fullest sense of the word, than among the self-devoted Sisters, who have consecrated then: lives to the instruction and education of female youth. Nor is the greater part of the time that should be devoted to acquiring the arts and sciences occupied, as has also been charged, in teaching catechism and reciting prayers. An hour a day would be a safe average, we think, to estimate the t}ipe employed injthjs flaencej-the serene and pure atmosphere which prevail in these schools that place them immeasareably abbve all others in the rank of educational institutions. Alas! that there should be parents among us who, through an absurd desire to appear " exclusive," should prefer a " fashionable " boarding-school training for their innocent daughters. Foolish fathers and mothere, they will not long remain innocent. We do not by any means wish to assert that all Protestant or non-sectarian boardingrschools are bad, but that many of them are bad there can be no doubt. Often under the control of those whose first and fundamental aim is to make a good living with as little effort as possible, their very foundation is crumbling and insecure. In many of them the studies are merely optional—often a mere pre tence, the rules dead letters, and the young girl who has the finest wardrobe and the most pocket-money is the queen of the school.— -The Ave Maria. Persecution in Russia. — If an article in the current issue of the Month supplies reliable information, there is not a country in the world at the present day in which the persecution of Catholics is so bitter and relentless as in Russia. The most trying martyr dom is, at the instance of the Russian clergy, inflicted on the Uniats to compel them to join the schismatic Orthodox Church. Confiscation of property, brutal torture with the knout, and transportation to Siberia, are of common occurrence as punishments for the pro fession of the Catholic faith. Yet the Orthodox clergy, or " popes," as they are called, are themselves in such a state of ignorance that indifference and unbelief are spreading rapidly among .the upper, classes; Nihilism is making converts from the middle classes; and thepeaSants are sinking'into absolute atheism. Fortunately there is ainbhgst some of the moBt thonghtful a move ment fop reunion with Rome. The Seal op Confession. — It is eighteen hundred years and more, since Christians began to go to con fession, and it iB yet unknown that one dingle violation of the seal shoold have been proved. Fear not then to disclose your sins in confession, for, as St. Ambrose says " Nothing is better con cealed than wbet we disclose m Con fession." At the time of th^ Gun powder Plot Father Garnet of the Society of Jesus was hanged because he refused to disoloiB the confession of one of theV conspirators. Father Honlbert having lost the use of his reason^ some young man endeavored to make him say what he heard in con fession. Whereupon he became forums " Wretched map/' said he " go away from me, yon feqew wall enough I can hot speak of this." Ahd it is a.fact that even were the priest to lose the use of. his. reason there is no danger of his breaking the seal of confession. Indeed the inviolability of this seal seems to me a perpetual miracle, which can be accounted for only by the special assistance of the Holy Ghost. Let the enemies of the Church say what they please, they will never be able to destroy the evidence of this wonderful fact They may recount the scandals of many wicked priests, but they have never been able to show that one of them in one single instance has been permitted to violate the secrecy of confession, and this is another proof to me that a Catholic may trust his con fessor because his confessor is traly his soul's friend and faithful confidant. Church Attendance.—The Boston Globe (a non-Catholic paper) has been making a census of church attendance in that city. As the result of its enqniries it states that the population of the city, excluding children under ten years of age, is about 340,000. Of these 225,850 are members of recognised religious bodies, and again of this number 205,850 are regular church goers. Of the 225,850 church members no less than 166,500 or 84 per cent, are Catholics, and they nrimber 130,000 or 63 per cent, of the 1205,850 regular church attendants. None of the Pro testant denominations even approach these figures. The largest denomina tion, the Congregationalists, have a church membership of 11,980. The Baptists come next with 11,480; and then the Unitarians with 8,950. The percentages of church attendance are also far below those of the Catholics. Converts. — On the feast of St. Michael, Colonel and Mrs. Honghton were received into the Catholic Church at Ventnor, Isle of Wight, by Rev. Father Richardson. Colonel Honghton was for twenty years on active service in India, and the wonderful contrast between Catholic and Anglican missions first tamed his thoughts towards the One Trne Church. Colonel and Mrs. Honghton were on a visit to the Hon. Mrs. EIUb, at the time of their con version. An English Speaking Pope.—Mr. J. E. C. Bodley, in an interesting article in the November number of'the I Nineteenth Century, argues in favor of an English speaking Pope — Cardinal Manning or Cardinal Gibbons. Already Philadelphia has more Catholics than Rome has. Within a hundred* years the Catholic Church willhave70,000,000 English speaking people in America alone. Higher Education. — The Holy Father has sent a very important Brief to the Catholic University about to be constructed at Fribourg. Leo XTTT. refers to other Catholic Universities, notably that of Washington.;, He praises the Catholics for having eliminated all the difficulties which opposed the realisation of the work, and points, out the great importance of such institutions of higher education. An Eloquent Preacher. — For some weeks past, writes the Lon don correspondent of the Manchester Guardian, a preacher of great eloquence has been heard at the Church of the Dominican Fathers at Ha vers took Hill, in the person of the Rev. Dr. Keane. So great are his powers in the pulpit thpt it is claimed for him that the mantle of the great Dominican orator, Father Thomas Burke, has fallen upon bis shoulders. Dr. Keane is a member of the Irish province of the Order, and has been engaged in a mission at the church named. It js estimated thaf .within a hundred years there will be 70,000,000 English speaking CathojicB in America alone. 