LOG A L A.'N'M'dKNUItAIj, The ttuml fortnightly ineulinjf of the Formbv Town Board, that wns to bo livid to-nmrrow availing, his lwen postponed for a wesk. The time for receiving titulars for tlio various wsrks advertised hns alee liven extended for a weak, and, on Friday morning next, atlOn'oloek, thn town surveyor will allend at the various work, and afford any information relativs to their proper carrying oat that will sseit tenderers in preparing tli-ir figures. At thn last meeting of the Mersey Marino Board the -Mxttr Warden man. tinned tiist with reaprct to tin petition that lied been circulated iu connection with tho Virtnriin Ferry, be lied ascertained, on enquiry, that many of the signatarss thereto bad been attached in ignorance of the »tal nhjoct ef the petition. This is denied liv the promoter of the petition, and no Satnrdsy a further petition wa forwarded to Dr Young, fnr presents' inn to th House, containing 70 mora signa tures, all of thom, we nro informed,' aril dia- tinct frour> the names attached to the previou petition. The orops are looking well around Dunnrlan, Creasy, and . tho Wasthiiry dis tricts, toino of tho wheat, particularly so. Soma miscreant has been amusing himself lately by dropping poisoned baits in thn vicinity of business eitablisbmsnt or in Iho public ntrenti. Witln'a tin last two week two valuililo drip barn fallen victim to tho pnineni-r, and on Sititrihy a valuable Newfoundland pup, the pre pert r of Mr W. Tnnia picked up a bait, and died. In this can tlio matter has been planed in the hands of tlio police, who will, no douht, ne their bast exertions to get to the .bottom of it. It mnv net be generally known that distributing pnionod or baits of any kind, ia a verrmrietn offence if enmtnitud within n town boundary, nd punithahle by a heavy fins, or «ix months' imprisonment. Not only that, lint the police liavo power to sanreli any person whom tliev suspect of having poison on Ms person or hie promisee. In each cases of wanton distraction as this it i to be hoped that the culprit will he discovered, and a lsan admiuiitorsd that will bo a warning te all. Hp to tho present time, nothing definite has been mentioned in snnne-tion with the vacancy in tlio Harford and Temple- ton Road Trust. The date of nominetioa is this day week, and doubtless mute movement will lis made in a day or two.- Ae a man named L. P. OolUne waa rationing bonis ls«t Tueidav to tho resi dence of Colonel Crawford, Ca»tra, with n bullock toaui and dray, he tripped end fell, and ths wheol of the vehicle nse«ed over hi left leg, breaking it. Dr Cileesn was sent for, and is now attending him. At the Sliotfisld Police Court on Friday, baforo P. 0. Maxwell, E«q, S.M., nnd J. Hope, Esq, J.P., sixteen parent were fined 2« fid, and coats, for bronchos of the Education Act. A number of vaccina tion cases were also heard, slevsn of which were withdrawn, the Act having been complied with, and the remainder wore adjourned. Saturday win a memorable day for tho T.atrobe Fir Brigado, as it witnoncd their first appearance in a competition with men froui tlie larger towns. Aftor tlio arrival of tlio Latroliu team nt Launcos- tou ; by tho special train they visited tlie Towsr, and were shown over it hv savers! of tlie Launcnston limn. From the topmost, storey, which it over 100ft h'.gh, a grand Inndscape vin'w of tho town and surrounding country was obtained, and delighted th'o visitors much. An adjournment was then made for dinner, and at 2 o'clock the local and viiiting teams met at ths lirobell tower and marched in procession rauud tlio various atraels to the. depfit . grounds, whers a large crowd had saBoiiible-l, nnd evinced cunaidirrahle intereil in tlie orentc which followed, tho whole nf which were carried out in fairly good atylo, though ths measure for keeping back the crowd were not as good ae might h«ve brn. Ths judges, tiinckeoyera, cnmmitteo, &c;, all carried out their duties faithfully, while a plesnnt feature was the goad feeling of tlie competitors towards each other. The oompetitione took placo oppo site tlie depth groiinda, wliors a rope was suspended scroti the street; and to it were aflixod two discs it an elevation of about 20ft. The first contents were between Hobart and Lau'ucsaton,.- and the iocals won two out of thrau events. Then ejimo tlie event of the day. the engine practice, and t or which the competitors were — Laun- oeetnn, Hobart and Latrobe. The latter did their work iu grand »tyle, and wars only beat-ra for firat place by tbe local team by about laeo, the reiall being :— Launcee- toii,. 54«ec ; Latroho, 5Gjc ; Hobart, 66sec. Ths Latrobe men wars specially complimented on their excellent work, nnd wero coi-dinlly invitod to take part in any. futuro eonteJts, ami reeeivod all aerie of kind promise of asaietanco by the locnl ninti. At tho conclusion of the com petition the competing teaaae were enter tained by tlio local brigade at dinner in the Fire Brigade Hall, when in. ail nearly 60 sat down to a substantial spread, and 'various toiats wero duly honored, in cluding, "Visiters from Hobart," and tlio " North-Wast Coast capital — Latrobe," yvliioh waa most emhnsiaatiojilly drunk ami gratefully r:.!icd to by tlie Super intendent of the ilobart Brigado. Amongst the improvements that are to be made in Torquay we notice the in- itiatory steps for the erection of a villa by Mr Raftery, in Tarleton and Nicol streets. We were afforded an opportunity of looking at the plans, and from them we gather that the new villa, when com- pleted, will be of brick, comprising 10 rooms, the design of architecture being Elizabethan, and embracing a double front. The drawing-room is to be 16 x 16, and will be richly ornamented with plaster-of- Paris cornices, centre-piece and elaborate minor fittings, these decorations being also observed throughout the building. The dimensions of the dining-room will be 22 x 15, and of the breakfast-room 15 x 16, and the bedrooms (some five in number) 15 x 15. The kitchen will be 16 x16, and fitted with all the latest innovations in the culinary department, as will also the pantries and storeroom. An elegant verandah, with ornamental cast-iron fittings, will run around the building, and from this a full view of the sea can be obtained on the one side, while the other commands a full view of the Mersey and the surrounding picturesque scenery. Without doubt the spot selected is one of the best, if not the best, in Torquay, and the residence, when completed, will be not the least attractive in the township. Tho special train- which left Formby on Saturday morning took a large namher of country riilemen to Launceaton, where they, and tlie other members ot lite Northern Defence Force, ware imimcted by Msjar-Geuerul Edward. At Formby a number of local and Coast clubs' repre sentatives got in, and cuntingentB joined at Latrobo and other place. At Latrobe tlit fir brigade representatives also got in, and after a pleasant run Lanncestnn waa roanhctl about 12 o'clock. Tlie country men aeon dispersed an arrival, but about 1.30 they bogan to muster for the review, ami at 2 o'clock tlie parade ground at th barracks prrsentad a very lively and war- liko appearance. Here tlio men were divided into companies, and, under the eommnnd of Colonel War.aor, were put through various tnanoouvrei with varying sreeess, some of tlie men showing good form, others being far from perfect. There wero inm eighteen country riile clubs represented, a total Htrength of 311 being presant, witii companies of tho Re serves, Lauucsstou Rillcs, and Cadets, -and these of roiiras looked much amartor than the visitors, owing to their belter movo- tiionla anil more stylish uniform. After about an hour the whole force, headed by tlie Itirto Band, man-hod through- the town to Invoresk Park, wham the reviw took place, liarc tlie number present waa over 500 strong, and for half an hour the men were exercised in all the well-known mili'ary movements under til command of Colonel Warner, and in the presence of eevcral thousand of spectators. At this point Major-General Edwards, accompanied by" his aido-de-eainp, Major Brownrigg, Colonel Laggo, tlie Hons P. O. Fysh (Premier), and II. L Rooko, M.L.C., pot in an appearance, and the troops wars then in pecteil hy the Major-General, whiexainin«d tho men closely ; aftor which various marching innnicnvrcs w»ro executed, some in good and other in very inferior ntyle, uudor tho command of Colonel Warner. During tlie afternoon three of tho local m-n were presented with gnhl models, wiiii hy tlioni at Hobart. At tlio conclu sion of tlie marebing of thn- men a a wliolo, tlie local rilles and artillerymen wrro put through various moveinants, and carried those oat in excnlient nrdor, and wero highly complimented. Jast before tlio march homewards, Colonel Warner, on bcliulf of Major-Gonuritl Edwards, ex. pressed pleasure 'at tho big mustor nf countrymen, and their general conduct and eflicione . Taken aa a whole, thn proceed ings passed off well, anil tlio form shown anil the mita'nr of country rifle was favorably commented on. Of thn country clubs tlie Lefrny, who wore. 66 strong, undoubtedly allowed nut heat in inarching and ganeral appenmneo, but tlie Dun and Fiutli representatives showed considerable efficiency. Messrs Roe Bros, of Latroho, are iuak- inggnod p' ogress witli the oroctinn of tlio Roman Creek State B.-lteoi, about four miles inland front Uurtiie. The breaking-tip ceremony of tho publie soltonl Intro (writes a correspondent at Sassafras) took placo on Friday last, whan Mr Kenitor, our utucli-respectad school master (wit ia about to leave Sussafras for Bracknell), in a fow kindly werds of parting took leave of the little flock over which has had for Bomt years tho super vision, and who numbered noon this occaainn about 53. Tlie opportunity was also taken advantage of by tho school children to prossnt (through Mr Kiunor) a handsome writing desk to Mini Mary In gram, tlio assistant taschor in tits school Tliia useful and unexpected gift had been for some fuw days past quietly subscribed for amongst tits children themselves, and proved a vary gratifying snrpriao to the recipient, who alio received at tlio same time from Mr and Mrs Kemier, a a part ing token of esteem/a very nico lady's companion.- Mr Kamiar leaves tie for BrackntU an Tuesday, and carries witii him tlio liearly good wisltss of all, who have known him Iiore. The ecltool will re-open on Monday, September 30, under tho eharge of Mr Mather, from Braok- nall. Mr H. M illhiirn, contractor, mado a start witli tlio crai-tion of a bridge over th Dun river, about 20 chains above Kolesy's mill, nt tho Nook, yesterday. A telegram wit fnriYnr-'od yoitordav hy Mr D. Cocker — nil behalf of thoss who liar interoitoil ihcin'elvue iu atouring of a water supply for tho Morsay — to Mr Fenton, M.H.A., thanking him for th outspoken tniuner in which he had de- fondo I tha interests of the Mersey in the House, a n- 1, also, euqitiring at what time lie would paes through Formby, to enable him being generally thanked. The eumplimontary soiree to welcome tlio Hon J. II. McCall, M.L.C.,on hie return from tlio Old Country, hold in the Torquay Tuwn Hali laat evening, was one of the must succiaaful affaire of its kind yit luld at tlio Mtrsty, tha hull being taxed to its utmost capacity, seme 200 sitting down to an excellent tea, furniubtd by Mr W. J, Lawltr, of Formby, in bis boat atyla. Tho hall was gaily decorated witli flags ami evsrgretns, over tlie stage the won! " wel come " being exhibited in a floral trophy. Tea waa on ths tible at 6, and, a faw minutes after tho time appointed, the llov D. 8. Lindsay naked a blessing, and tha onslaught on tlie various good tilings cotu- mtnctd, being kept up with Tignr until a lilt! aftar 6, tint arrival of frtah visitors compelling a relay. Tlie tables ware then cltnred fnr the public meeting, a report of which we are ecmimiled to hold over. Mr James Nnylor ia making a good start «t tho railway elation baildings at Ulverstono. A full con>rsgaline asstuiblsd at th Wesloynn Church, Torquay, on Bunday evening te liaten to tlio dincoiirso of tho Rev ,1. U. 8. Rorce, of Fiji, who preached a special sermon in aid (if foreign minaions. Tha ror gantloman took for his text pari ot verse 12 of tho first chapter nf the first epistle of 8t Peter, " Unto whom it was revealed, that not unto ihom- sclvea, liut unto us tlioy did minister tlie tilings which are now reported unto you by tliom that have prtai-hed tlio Gospol unto you with th Holy Ghost aeut down from boavon ; which tilings tho angels desire to look to." I'll# revernud gentle man discoursed at nomo length on th task devolved on tho ministers of God to disseminate tlio tidings that lis had com mitted to their charge, and the duty that devolved on all professing Christians to assist by all the moans they had placad in their power the sending forth of bis divine truths to all nations. Ha casually alluded to tho object of his illusion, and his recent visit to hit native place, York shire, in which ha wa glad te see 'the mission lira still burning. Success to far had attended hie efforts, and ha askod them aa God had given it to tliem out of their bounty to contribute towards the support of tho foreign tnissiona. Ho an nounced that on Wudnviday next a lecture in aid of the savie object would be held in tlio church, t which all were cordially invited. " Webster's TViiuuiaa Agriculturist and Macliinory Gazette," for th currant month, is te hand. At the various chnrolios on Banday (writo« oar Launceaton correspondent) a good sprinkling cf th klukes uniforms could lie aeon, and namhsra could b seen "doing tho. block," but in every cas the men were conspicuous by their goad behaviour. What is an unutuil eight at Latroli (writen our correspondent) ia the appear- mice of a stack of wattle bark in tlie station yard. This bark waa atrippe at Native Plains lest ssaion, and it now bsing csrtvd to Latroho preparatory to being forwarded te Lauaceston hy. rail. Tlie bark is tlie property of Mr Holland, f tbe Junction, on tlio Deiorsin road. Mr Groom, Inspoctor of Bridges, hat had a ging of mun for soma tiuis at work, repairing and ronnevatiag tha Forth bridge, whioh it being mado aa amart aa paint and tar can make it. 