Windsor FBOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. ACCIDENT3 WILL HAPPEN. Though annoying not to see one's composition in f rint, one must put up with what can't be helped, t is really surprising how things do go astray in a newspaper office. 1 shall not attempt to go over the same ground, however, the items are stale now and therefore we will let 'em rip. : COMPLIMENTARY. " Why, what a big paper the Nepean Times is," Bays one ; " It is choke full of news " saj'3 another ; and a^third comes out with " Now, that is something like a paper, and I'm blessed if 1 don't advertise in it." This was said by a man (I won't say who) who intends setting up business in your town shortly, and to whom I showed your last issue. People like a'lot oE reading matter, and why shouldn't they? If a newspaper is well patronised by advertisers, in all fairness the proprietor should give his subscribers something in return. They don't do it, however, and I often wonder what sort of conscience the proprietors, .of. some ,of the miserable little badly - printed up-country rags must have to charge six pence for their butter wraps, for crammed full of advertisements though they may be, the subscribers are put .off .with , three, or four at the outside, columjs'of reading matter. GENERAL. The past.week has been rather a stirring one in many respects, and what with one thing and another tljoSe-who cater "for news and otherwise do their level best-to "shove the old chariot along," as the Salvationists say, have been up to their neck in business. -There -has been plenty of variety too, and pretty'well everyone's tastes have been suited. Ab for the'pressmen, what about his tastes, hare they seen suited?' Whether they have or not, he has had .to take, it, like it or lump it. But you know presameti are a sort of amphibious, and in the eyes of some people they should bo able to make themselves ; at home . anywhere, put up with pot luck and all sorts of slights and insults, for are they not'like the poor Bhell-backs who get drowned in some-great shipwreck, " used to it ?" Yes, they be come accustomed-to these things in time, much as it may'go " agin the grain." Thus, if your press-' man is honoured with an invitation to some sort of ehivoo, religious or otherwise, he is simply tolerated, an'd though treated with cool civility, his presence is looked upon with about as much favor as a ghost would. be at a wedding,breakfast. People are afraid of him,vyet oh 1 'how glad are they to obtain a favourable notice from his pen 1 how anxious to make use of him in. some way in which, they may not appear themselves-to" slate a rival for instance, or expose somethingt-hey dare not tackle themselves. Yet how profuse in their apologies are these good folk when by some accident or otli 2r the necessary pasteboard, has not been forwaided him ; how sorry they were he was not present at their little dance but, between you and. me. how they enjoyed them selves without him, especially if he will coasider ately accept their version of the affair, which they will gladly supply' him with, coloured, of course, with all the colours' of the rainbow (bar green, which will'be non est). There may be exceptions, but -my experience has taught me that as a rule press men do not occupy the place in local society they ought,to occupy.- As I say, people are wise enough- not to offend them, but as for admitting them on anything like terms of equality such as they do the banker, the civil servant, the lawyer and the doctor, It is too awfully . absurd, you know, notwithstanding that the poor devil of an ink-slinger has had a better and broader education than any of them,seen more life,morerealof the world, and has at his fingers' ends, so to speak,'.mbre sub jects than they ever dreamed of. Pray don't lose this copy, neither get scared, for my name is not Diogenes, nor do I live in a tub.-.T am simply a fair sample of the colonial pressman, who, while en deavouring to do some good to his f el low men by exposing abuses and fallacies, get more kicks than half-pence for his trouble. ' The lecture over; I will proceed to matters of fact, though pray do not imagine there is no fact in tile last few slips, but you know there is. To begin with, a IiKOTUBB ON MOHAMKD AND MOHAMEDANISM which Was delivered by the Rev. J. Ay ling, in the School of Arts, on Tuesday evening, in connection .with the Debating Society, with the President, Aid. F, J. Mortley, in the chair. There was a poor at tendance, by no means all the members of the society, and a few of the townsmen: who never trouble themselves about the Debating Society or School of Arts, but who. were attracted probably by the fact that the lecturer was a minister of religion, who Would most likely give them Mohammedan cusses particular slops. I am sorry to say several of the audience, (good all-round men. too) looked awfully bored, and like Brunton Stephen's Black Gin with the doxology, a little more of it would have floored 'em, or sent them off into a sound sleep. In our School of Arts Library we have two excellent editions of Salis' Koran, and a friend read a portion of the introductory chapters while I was engaged in Other work, and drawing attention to the fact that what he read was word for word the same as what ? we heard the night before. There is an art in lec turing which I make bold to say many of our clergymen have not acquired. It is not a man's profundity that will qualify him for a lecturer, but gift of speech and a happy knack of putting his Bubject before his audience in a form that will com mand their attention. What will suit the pulpit will be out of place on the platform. Lecturers, like poets, are born^ and the same may be said, in a degree, of press-men. Of the latter, I know men who boast of their connection with newspaper work for fifty years, yet who never to my knowledge wrote a line that was not of the most vapid puerile deBoription. 'Men of this calibre may write a lot, .it is true, but as they are not given to thinking all ' they do write barely reaches beyond meretittle tattle," a heading, they sometimes affix to their ? lugubrious effusions of wit. FLOOD BELIEF COMMITTEE MEETING. In my " mislaid copy " I had something to say \- about a brother pressman being excluded from a -former committee meeting by another newspaper ? man. As that meeting was a small one the tabooed one determined to have another fight for right, and -this time he was successful, for on Monday last he presented himself at the door of the room where :the meeting was held, and was told by the secretary that by a resolution passed at last meeting the press was not to be admitted. The objectionable one here pointed out that the secretary himself was a newspaper man, and. therefore one had as much right there as the other. The majority of the meet ing thought so too, for a motion was carried that the Gazette man be admitted, only two, the secretary .and a very ancient old friend of his, being against. Thereupon the ancient one walked out and his sec retarial friend gathered up his papers to follow suit, but a committee man stepped forward with "No "you don't; you may go yourself in welcome, but you do not take the papers, which belong to the committee." After all, the wily one got the bulge on the committee, for ho managed to virtually give \- them the sack, intimating in his paper that their labours were come to an end. and that an executive committee consisting of himself (G. L. A. Davies), Mr. Hole the treasurer, and - th*e Hon. W. Walker. The sum placed at the disposal of the local commit tee by the central committee in Sydney was £514, and this is all, it appears, the distressed farmers of the Hawkesbury will get out of a sum of over £2000 which has been lying at interest for 22 years. Out of 1MB sum of £514, £380 has been recommended by the local committee to be expended in relief, such relief to consist of grain., food, &c;, but no money. Some 72 applications have been dealt with-some. I am sorry to say, from well-to-do free holders whose losses have been but small, yet have they had the cheek to-apply for such paltry sums as £2 and £3 fo recoup them for the loss of a few fowls or pigs. The committee very properly scouted Buch'; applications and gave preference to cases of leal distress, of which there are many, some having lost as much as £500 worth of property in one form and" another. It seems the secretary was very anxious to screen such persons as I have referred to, for this is what he said when the admission of the press was under discussion : " I object to the private affairs of thefarmers beingmade public by Jesuits, meaning, of course, his rival in the next street. The term Jesuit is quitu mild, coming fiom person, for other men have been called B-y Fenians" for a much less offence than this " Jesuitical" reporter was guilty of. Now, for my Part I think such matters as these should be subject to the full light of day, and there should be no screening of the greedy and unprincipled. We do not want a repitition of the past, and I d°ubt muchly whether certain persons will ever get t chance again to grab as they did in days gone by when I nee 1 not say. It is near enough .for my purposo, anyhow. Til 12 WINDSOR WATER BRIGADE. This is another local affair that wants closely looking after. For years four splendid boats, sup plied anil well provided by a paternal Government, have been shamefully neglected, so that when they were required for use a few weeks ago they were found to be leaky, oars and rowlocks were missing, and now £25 is required to put them all right again. However, the Brigade is now re- formed, and with a good committee and officials should b>j kept up to the mark. The following persons were electcd on Wednesday to fill the several positions of coxswains, sub-coxswains, &c.; -No. 1 boat, 13. Cupitt, coxswain ; G. Davies, deputy. No. 2, J. T. Gosper and J. Ward. No. 3, Maloney and J. Ryan, jun. No. 4, J. B. Johusou, jun., and J. A. Mag nth. Senior-Sergeant Fitzpatrick was elected Superintendent, Frank Rosa boatkeeper, and Mr. D. Holland, J.P., secretary and treasurer. It is proposed to arrange a concert for the purpose of getting funds to provide the necessary fittiugs in ieu of those lost. A BIG LAND CODRT. Last Wednesday and Tuesday the Windsor Court House was a scenc of great excitement, occasioned by the number of applications to be considered by the Land Board. The area of land applied for was about 2000 acres and the applications between 70 and 80-some of them taking up much time and being of such a complicated nature as to require the assist ance of the Devil's own to pull 'em through. Only a few, comparatively, were confirmed, others were sent for survey, others disallowed ; some had not fulfilled the conditions, others applied for exemptions or to substitute other improvements-some being granted and others not-while otherawere adjourned. Arising out of this ^inherent craving for a .' bit o' land "-earth hunger, one may say it was. A BIO AGITATION AT PITT TOWN. On Wednesday night, when nearly all Pitt Town met in public meeting to protest against the land known as the Pitt Town Lagoon being selected by a Justice of the Peace, whose baptismal and family name is James Bligh Johnstone, who is the son of his father of the same name. Mr. Johnstone made application on Thursday week last for 200 acres, in cluding this lagoon, which though not legally a re servo is so by usage, and has been so over since Pitt Town was Pitt Town. In dry seasons it is the only place where the farmers can get a bite or sup for their stock; it is centrally situated among the Bottoms farmers and those on the higher land upon which the township stands-in fact, it is within 300 yards of the Post Office, and to allow. any one man, or syndicate of men, to monopolize this oasis, one may justly term it, would be a monstrous in justice to the whole of Pitt Town and the Bottoms. Monopolists have long had an eye upon this de licious marsh and big sums of money havo been offered for it, but all previous Governments have withstood all the assaults of the tempters, and I think the present Government will do so likewise. Trucly it is time we had Land Nationalisation, or something else to block the ravenous snappers np of the people's estate. By-and-bye there will be a big smash up, a la the French kick-up of the Inst century j and then it will be " who'd a' thought it ?" Now is the time to settle the question once and for ever, before the land is all snavelled up by patriotic members of Parliament, l«anks, syndicate* and so on. This is a big country and parcelled out among the people in small farms would produce a thousand fold what it does now, and would provide homes for tens of millions instead of a siugle million and 60 or GO thousand. Anyhow our PittTown friends are on their mettle, and I am glad to see party feeling has been dropped, and that on this occasion there is unanimity among the residents. There was a good meeting in the Church of England School-room, and it was decidcd to send a deputation to Sydney to take all legitimate means to prevent the rights o'f the people being so outraged. Why, sir, this lagoon would prove a Mount Morgan to any syndicate, for they'd virtually have the farmers at their mercy. Coming back to Windsor again, on Friday morning last, there was A STRANGK SHOOTING CASE which occurred in Macquarie-street, near . resi dence of Alderman R. W. Dunstan, who is a builder by profession. On Thursday evening, a man was observed in Mr. Dunstan's yard making off with a basket of carpenter's tools, which he dropped when he saw he was discovered. On Friday morning it got- about that a lad named Templeton, who was passing Mr. Dunstan's place on his way to call a baker employed by Mr. Moses, at about 3 o'clock, had been shot at by some person unknown. The youngster was scared and cleared, averring to the police that he heard the shot strike the fence close by. Latter on it transpired that Mr. Dunstan, ex .pecting the return of the sneak who had a liking for tools, had fixed a piece of string from the yard to his bed room in such a manner that it would act as a telegraph to him. Thus, at 3 a.m. young Temple ton blundered against the "tell-tale," and as quick as thought our bold alderman threw up the sash of his bed room window and fired his revolver in the air, with the effect that young Templeton thought he was being' made a target of by some, nnseen enemy. Thus endeth our shooting scare-though really, it behove3 people to look after their belong ing now a days when burglars are so bold and a molly-coddle, milk-and-water Government have not back-bone enough to arm the police. Why, sir, jts offering a premium to crime-that's what it is. Yet strange to say Justices of the Peace and Police Magistrates will persist in sending unfortunate swagsmen (such as any good man may have been once in his life time : I don't know whether you have Mr. Editor : I hare, butescaped being run in -because probably in those days the police had better game to stalk tliad vags. on the wallaby), to gaol for 3 calendar months ; while a dishonest t man may deliberately cut a truss or two of hay from a neighbour's stack, throw it on his cart and either sell it or give it to his own stock, and then, when bowled out be fined a pound or two instead of being sent to quod. I know ot such transactions, and do not speak from hearsay. There has been A LOT OP SICKNESS in town lately-the product of the very cold, keen winds we have been having lately-and in some cases, arising no doubt, from exposure during the time of the flood. Host Huggins, of the Carrington, .is getting better, though slowly J and Miss Bella Bushell, hostess of the Exchange, has defeated the o'.d scythe man this time, for I am glad to say she is on the mend. It was touch and go with her for days and her friends-both from Penrith and Wilberforce -were in attendance fully expecting the end. I do not know of anyone in town who would be moie missed than Miss Bushell. A good neighbour and a capital- business like landlady, who would stand no nonsense and said precisely what she meant. Happily there is no necessity for me to write an eulogy, for she is still among us-and may she be for many a long year. We have been having some amusement, too, in the shape of A SKATING CARNIVAL which,! may say, was the first of the season. It took place in Mr. J. O'Brien's Union Hall and was patronised by the Windsor Skating Club-which. I think, is the democratic crowd, though none the. worse on that account. ,The hall was nicely de corated and the skaters were very becomingly cos tumed. Not haviug been apprised of the affair it was by the merestV.hance that I dropped in at a late hour.and saw something of it. Mr. O'Brien had a good spread prepared which was very acceptable to the skaters on such a cold night. The Windsor band discoursed such music as they alone can do that is, in this direction. AN ENSILAGE PIT OPENED. Mr. G. P. Yeo, J.P., of Mulgrave, is the only man who has paid any attention to this method of press in" fodder ; and had others done as he has done, there would have been no scarcity of food for stock last summer. Mr. Yeo made his first trial some 3 or 4 years n<ro. I saw that pit opened and from that day to this I have advocated the thing. When the last season's maize crop failed Mr. Yeo purchased 100 tons of corn stalks from surrounding farmers and mixing this with such other green stuff as was procurable he clapped the lot into a silo, which lie opened Inst week in prime condition. It is open for any farmer to do what Mr, Yeo has done, and if they do not, why I fail to see why they should be sympathised with when feed runs short. Our far mers do not help themselves to the extent they could do if they liked. Here . are instances: Butter cheese and bacon-and I may add corn meal, are selling at, for the consumer, famine prices, simply because we have to depend upon other districts for our supplies of tlicsc-articlos-not that tliey cannot bo produced hero, but because maize is grown with less trouble than anything else. All-or the bulk of its-own fruits, melons and pumpkins areseiit away and tons of jam is imported here instead of beiug made on the spot. It is humbug to say -it can't be made to pay ; let our people try and I am convinced they could keep the imported stuU out of the market. I know a man, a shop-keeper in town ; he is a push ing energetic man and he has an industrious wife. He purchases fruit from his country customers ; the best he sends away, if he has a customer, if not his wife converts it into jam, which he generally sells for lOtl the pickle bottle, but now sugar is dear he sells at Is and could sell twenty times as much if lie had it. The jam is good and it pays liini to make it good. Now hnw much belter would it nay him if he made it on a large scale with all the appliances of a factory, and how much cheapor could he sell to his customers. The only protection required is capital and push-the one we have in the district and the other we ought to have. "Windsor is lan guishing simply for want of a little st-lf help. Men who have money clamour for the very highest in terest-and would rather see their own property go to ruin than touch their dear shGkcls to stay its "pro gress, while those who have that other priceless commodity, health and strength, will not use it to advantage. Why wonder, then, at the stagnation in our midst. NOT HALF TOLD YET though really I must cut it short for big as your paper is and liberal as you are with your subscribers in the way of reading matteryou cannot I know de vote a whole page to Windsor-however important the old place may be. So I will just say that the WEATI1EB HAS BEEN A TERROR to thin-blooded people like myself who have spent the bast years of their life in warm climates. It has been fine, 'tis true, but the wind-Oh, don't mention it I One would think it came from " Greenland's Icy Mountains " direct, by some roundabout way so as to avoid getting a warming at tho equator-I mean, of course, the westerly winds, for those from the south traverse round Tasman's Isle, than which, at its southermo3t point, just about Oape I'illow, there is not a cold shop anywhere when the wind blows from south to south east, yours truly knows from bitter experience. On Tuesday snow could be °een on the distant hills, though so little do people look beyond their noses that very few saw it. There lvis boon 110 real sharp frosts, but old Bore:»s as I have observed has been on an extreme northern or southern tour and has nearly cut us in twain with his piercing blasts. I might mention THE MAEKETS but abstain from doing so and will explain why in my next. 