Votes toy Phil. There is something suggestive about that telegram in the Register of tbe 18th from Pirie correspondent. It sets forth tbat the Barrier arrived there on Tuesday evening of course anyone tbat knows Port Pirie will give that correspondent credit for bis humourous conduct, but as a wholesome corrective to that 'elegram I should like to point out that the Barrier arrived in Port Augusta on Wednesday, for the express purpose of lightening her sufficiently to allow of her eventual berthing at the great Port of Pirie. It is amusing in one sense, although demoralising in another, to witness the rush and application for papers this week. The delectable literary viands furnishei in connection with the Anderson divorce case, have seemingly proved an appreciable and palatable banquet for the "sensational" loving public. The unsavory, highly flavored morsels seem to be relished with all their red-hot concomitants and with a sest which must ultimately shock Monsieur Zola, after bearing of the wholesale condemnation of his own novels. Each delicious bonne bouche is consumed witb an avidity which speaks glowingly for the discernment of the journalistic caterers. If Zola can beat the lascivious filth which is being served up daily in one of the South Australian papers, he is worthy to preside at an aboriginal saturnalia of indecencies. I met a gentleman yesterday who told me he had to carry the paper away from home as he was afraid his daughters would see it. There has been no attempt to tone down the evidence, but tbe impure, unvarnished truth has been recorded in its brothel- like obscenity. It is not too much to say that the week's report of the above proceedings has contaminated young minds to a greater degree than the ordinary observation of a life time. Again, from another point of view it seems manifestly unfair that the respondent should be subjected to such horrible and insinuating, damnable calumny, as that which has appeared in public print, if she is innocent. There are two sides to every question and a woman's reputation should not be allowed to be besmirched and stained by preliminary published filthy evidence. It is against the boasted fair play and privilege which ought to be accorded to every English subject. If the respondent wins the day, the evidence which has been endered and made public is sufficiently ainful to keep a delicate woman in retireent for tbe rest of her h days. If Mr Smith, the Chairman of the Bailway ommissioners, and bis confreres are not ust about sick of South Australia, tbey must a n l have constitutions like their own locomotives. The above named gentleman was brought out here at an enormous expense, and given prince's salary to make oar railways pay. Since he has been here be has been badgered, vilified, and slandered; his every attempt at reform has been questioned, in fact, taken all round, he has been given to understand that he is only a puppet, and that be must dance to the muBic of political thimble-rigging. His experience has beeh gained on the greatest of English railways and his judgment and ability were valued greatly in the old country, and yet on questions of vital importance concerning our railways, his advice (instead of decision, mark) is ridiculed by a few political marionettes who are mercurialised into activity by a jM'Zitician. Mr Smith emphatically says the third line will not work profitably, and if his advice is not worth taking, let him be sent back from whence he came. This is not the only case where the above gentleman's advice has been disregarded, and tbe sooner some alteration takes place the better it will evidently be for the country. The big horse will have to go to the shafts again. The last time Port Augusta helped the Pirie Creekites out of their difficulty re ship discharging, ore of the Pirie papers noticed the occurrence with a paragraph entitled " A Rival Port." Of course this " riz" a smile, and that is all, among Port Augustans; it was just a little too good. We certainly have a port and a good harbor, but really Pirie has no need to shriek out, we shall be able to do plenty of business of our own yet, besides giving our weak little sister a hand liek her big cargoes into shape. As I said before Port Augusta will eventually do all the chief trade on the coast line, for it must be taken into consideration that every ten years or so a larger cla c s of vessels will be built, and there certainly must be a limit to the artificial deepening operations in some of our " ports." Of course this must be unsatisfactory in the extreme to Pirieites; but, really, when they have to send up vessels like the Barrier to get a thousand tons taken out of her before venturing up the Pirie cr well—river, they cannot expect to escape criticism Short-hand writers are to be recommended for the Supreme Court and according to Mr Symons' suggestion the expenses should be added to the costs of a case. Whew Iwhat next, law is getting a luxury indeed, but it is just possible, Mr Symons, that the goose which lays the golden egg of litigation will lay down and give up the ghost in despair. It is beginning to strike a sensible porLion of the community, that it is wiser to sit down and suffer grievances quietly than it is to be bled quietly. by the gentleman of the law. Every defenoe one hears or reads of in the Court, now-a-days, seems to reek with the same stereotyped phrases, and to be less and less worth the money expended. Clap trap, quibbles of the so-called law, and emotional addresses to the jury are what our lawyers chiefly depend on; and in the face of this the poor wretches of clients are going to be asked to pay for " short-hand writers." Some very narrow escapes evidently happened in the " House*' last Tuesday. One of the electric light globes fell, and very nearly ended the career of the Frome member. It was a noticeable fact that Mr Giles left immediately. Several showers of glass fell later in the evening, which had a varied effect on the different members. Evidently " Charlie" felt inspired, for he was very sepulchral in his warning and utterances. Hopkins, it was noticed inadvertently pulled a book of common prayer from his pocket, and Mr Bartlett it was observed looked very meek and religiously inclined. However, the spell was broken by Ward, who raised his "Ebenezer" in a determined attempt at stonewalling re the third reading of the Outer Harbor Bill. Abundant prayers went up to the electrical power, but to no purpose, although it ia doubtful whether any damage would have resulted even if the largest gasolier had fallen on to the bald aspect of Mr Ward's venerable cranium, Even had a breach been made very little damage would have been done, for if I re- member aright I have seen the loss of his brains pictorially recorded in the Lantern. Charlie Kingston, however, administered a severe and well deserved rebuke on Ebby ; one which he will not forget for sometime presumably. The caustic member was evidently in a highly moral state, and was very cutting and sharp. An inspection of the Beltana Broken Hill mine has also taken place^ with a view of finding out if it is worth while renewing operations. Tbe shareholders of the different properties around the Ediacara are taking steps generally and making fresh efforts to renew the search for minerals. A drover named Christian Eppel has been murdered at Wagga Common, Sydney. His mate, Riley, has been arrested and charged with the deed. The deceased must bave been shot whilst asleep, according to the position he was found in. An exciting cbsse took place after tbe man Riley, but he wa eventually captured j he is a native of Lancefield, Victoria. An extensive fire occurred on last Friday evening in Melbourne, on tbe premises of Messrs George & George, the universal providers in Collins street. The flames were first seen at a little after six o'clock. The whole of the metropolitan fire brigades were soon on tbe spot, but were unable to cope adequately with tbe conflagration. Two music warehouses also caught, and were severely burnt and damaged by water. Messrs George's place is completely gutted. Several firemen were buried under the debris of a e wall wbicb fell, two beiog killed instantaneously, and it is feared that one if not more of tbe others will succumb to injuries received. RACKS.—An advertisement in another column calls a meeting for to-morrow evening at the Great Northern Hotel, to consider the question of holding an amateur race meeting at an early date. NOTICE.—We beg to draw attention to the advertisement of Mr D. Parsons, the well-known proprietor of the Hannabville Hotel. He announces that he has one of the best skittle alleys in Port Augusta, good accommodation, and reliable liquors of every description, and will be happy to see and cater for all classes of customers. SCARCITY or WOBKMEN. —Complaints bave been beard during the last few days days of the scarcity of workmen on tbe wbarf. Ten men, we understand, have bad to be brought from Pirie. This is hardly as it should be, considering the universal cry of "no employment." Surely Port Augusta should be able to supply the extra hands ; tbe wbeat season will be on soon, and if there is a scarcity of workmen now, tbe want will be doubly felt then, as we understand a far larger number will be required. THE PORT DARWIN.—This fine large iron . steamer, commanded by Captain Morgan, came alongside the wharf this morning. She is a vessel of 1,628 tons, belonging to the Anglo-Australian Company of London. Part of her cargo has been taken in at Sydney, Newcastle, and Port Victor, xnd the rest, amounting to 3,500 balea has to be loaded at Port Augusta. She is about six years old and wa built at Leslies, Newcastle on Tyne. Compound engines of 350 nominal horse, generate tbe motive power, which pro pels her at 10 knota an hour, with a consumption of 20 tons'of coal per diem. She has a compliment of 10 firemen and three engineers, besides Mr Greagg, tbe chief. Melbourne Dniverpity objecting to grant a certificate of competency to a South Australian for admittance to tbe Melbourne Bar. Consider that the standard of the Adelaide University is not sufficiently igh. Full Court decided to admit bim. Mr Ryan, well-known as a former pprentice and officer of the Beltana, is ow chief officer of the Collingrove, whicb ays in Port Adelaide. His friends will 1 be happy to hear that he has pasBod as master in London. The London dock laborers' strike has heen settled. Tbe collapse of tbe strike wae inevitable had it not been for the aid aocorded by the Australians. Prominent commercial men aver that the position taken by the colonials in rendering the " sinews of war" has imperilled the commercial position of London. Over £14,000 sent from Australia to the suffering dock laborers.. Colonials bave proved that tbey can not only lend a hand to vindicate the lights of their sovereign and Britain, but tbat they can sympathise with and help the poorest of British subjects in their time of need. Some little time ago in a paragraph in a Port Pirie paper, the Port Augusta people were charged with playing a "lone hand" in connection with tbe Barrier trade question. We should like to know what kind of a band the Pirie people are playing now. Tbey refuse to even sign the memorial sent by our Mayor and Councillors. 