THE LEADING LADY'S STORY. 4- " By L. T. Meade. The first part bf the story which I am about to tell happened some twenty -years ago. It is a strange, strange story indeed, and one, the .startling incidents of which, are deeply impressed oh my memory. If occurred long before circumstances, to which t need 'not now refer, caused me to adopt the stage as a prO- lessum, anu.au a ume wiien i was comparatively a-ricli woman. .Many years of theatrical life, and the changes and troubles incidental thereto have failed to Obliterate one, even the smallest, detail of that re markable 'circumstance, or combination of circum stances, more singular than the wildest drama in which I have ever played, from my memory. Twenty-two years ago I was in the first sorrow of my widowhood. I was childless, too ; . and when the grave closed -over my husband )I thought that there was no place left for me in the world. I was young ; and iny friends, and myown reflection in the glass, told me that I was beautiful. ' Of course I had many acquaintances ; what rich young widow has ndf? But acquaintances and friends differ widely. -I did not care for. the people who flattered and made much of me, but I turned, even in flin fi lief A r\ nn »->« — J i_. waav uiou kit j a ua my oruuuie, 10 one irienu. ; 1 - , She, too, was young and beautiful. We were schoolfellows : we were engaged at the same time: we were married in the same month of the same year. During the three years of my married life we had seen little of each other, but when my husband died, and Mary Hiffbrd wrote to me tenderly out of her ; full heart, I answered back her love. She asked me to stay with her, and I went. \- How peaceful werp those days spent in her beautiful home ! The house and place were called Aspen's Vale. The house was many centuries old. Its architecture was remarkable ; its rooms curious. It was a rambling old place, and of course it had a ghost.- It stood in the midst of very lovely grounds, overlooking ' wood and rivei\ Altogether, it was one of the show-places in Lowanshire. : I stayed with the' Cliffords for a couple of months. During that time the house was quiet, visitors few — they eschewed company for my sake. At the end of two "months I left them, comforted and helped, and with many promises of a return by-and-by. Ci rcunist ances , however, too varied and too many to mention, prevented that second visit taking place for a couple of years. At the end of that time a great longing came over me to see Mary Clifford again. I must write to her, and propose a' visit. I did so. ' By return of post I got a short, but characteristic reply ; " Dearest Honor,- — Of course I long to see. you, but unfortunately the hpuse is full. Large as it is, it is crammed from cellar to attic. , . " My dear, I don't want. to refuse you I do long to see you. Will you sleep in the .Tapestry room ? for of course it is empty, I dare not put anybody else there, but I don't think you, Honor, will be afraid of wib guosl. ji me jl apes try room will do, come, and a thousand welcomes. I can put up your maid. — Your loving Friend, i . " Mary Clieeord."'- jlo uns letter a made a snort answer I do not believe in the ghost. The Tapestry room will do beautifully. Expect me to-morrow;" The next evening I arrived at Aspen's Vale in time, for dinner. The tapestry room looked charming. I fell in love with it on the spot, and vpwed laughingly that the ghost and I would make friends. My maid, however, looked grave over my jesting remarks; it was plain that she believed in super natural visitations. ' Gaiety of heart, however, was over me. I could not resist the cheerful influence of my old friend's company. I felt happier than I had done since my husband s death, and after a very delightful eveniug, retired to my room, feeling brave enough to encounter any number of ghosts that might choose to visit me. ' The Tapestry room was quite away from the rest of t-li6 house it "was at the extreme end of a wing. Iso other bedrooms were in this wing. There were a smoking-room, a morning-room, and a little oriel chamber, which Mrs. Clifford in her early married life had curiously fitted up for herself, but now seldom occupied. Neither did she believe in the ghost, but she confessed that this little oriel chamber had an eerie feel. . The morning-room opposite, cheerful and pretty enough, was unused, Its furniture was antique, it be longed to a bygone day, and its inhabitants were dead, r s1moluS"room also was deserted ; even the fumes of tobacco had left it, the squire preferring a more central apartment in the modern part of the house. Tr.AitHSefch?l'> khis wing of the old house seemed dead. V isitors only came to it out- of curiosity ; they paid brief visits, and preferred doing so in broad daylight. It must have been quite a hundred years since the Tapestry room in the far end of this wing had been slept in. Old as the other rooms in the wing looked the Tapestry room bore quite the palm for ancient There-was not an article of furniture in it, not a chair, not a table, which must not have seen the light of centuries. ' furniture was all of the blackest oak, the bed- stead the usual four-poster on which our ancestors rxi Wretch themselves. But the curious feature of the room, that which gave it its name, was the tapestry. Not an inch of the walls was to be seen ; they were hung completely, with very ancient and very faded tapestry. There was a story about this tapestry. One Dame Clifford, of long, long bygone days, had worked it, with the help of her maidens, one had conie to an untimely end on the very day on which the great work of her life had been completed. It does not matter to this story what became of the proud and fair dame, but it was her ghost which.was said to haunt the wing, and the Tapestry chamber in particular. Warden,, my maid, as she helped met undress, looked quite pale with terror. " They do say, ma'am, as Dame ciare Clifford n pears with her head tucked under her arm, and threads from the okL tapestry hanging to her skeleton finrL, , She'sl dressed in grey silk, that don't rustle !1PVP, bit, -though tis so thick it might stand all alone, Sey do say lis awful lonesome for you, madam, to s2 here alone, and I'll- stay with you with pleasure if Yt comes to that, though my nerves arn't none of H, , strongest. <\- wie I thanked Warden, however, and assured her tlv,t r : was not; in the least afraid ; and 'she, with a well relieved face, left me alone. I heard her footS echoing down: the corridor— they died awvv t now outofi-eachof all human help, for in tlfe disS room, in this distant wmg, no possible soimds Co ,l reach any other, inhabitants of Aspen's Vale .1.. tl'ink I have implied that I was bmve. jn .nv girlhood, im my short married life, even in' the depression of my early, widowhood, I had never known physical fear; nevertheless, when the last of Warden' footsteps echoediout and died, and. that profound stUI ness followed which can be oppressive, I had a curious sensation. , ' lu,ol,s I did not call it fear, I did not know it for that grin, ' and pale-faced tyrant ; but it made me uncomfn.-S anu caused my Heart to beat irregularly ' v. The sensation was this-I felt that / was not alone fa,?4?lU'Se U'aS faUCy j anc? w'ult kiid I to do . with .1 determined to banish this uncomfortable feeliinr from my mind, and stirring the fire to a cheerful blaze Iw one. of the black oak chairs near it and St 1 kad looked _ so pale and frightened before . she left me, that out of consideration for her feeliims IJiad allowed her to leave the jewels which I had won, that evening on the dressing-table. There they lay, a set of' very valuable brilliants There was sin old-fashioned mirror over the mantel' ; p.ec,, and asl aat by the fire I 5a,v the iefleS 'of my .diamonds m the glass. As I noticed their sparkle again that strange- sensation returned : -this time more strongly, th:s time with a cold shiver. I was not alme Who was m. the lapestry chamber.? , Was it- the ghost ? Was that story true, after all ? Of course T did not believe it . I lirghed aloud as the 1Ue' ml lt 1 ?V.aS Settlng fluifce silly and ner- vous\ There was nothing for me but to get into bed as quickly as possible. I was about to rise from my easy-chair and go over to the old-fashioned four-poster, when again my atten- tion was attracted to the glass over my head. It was hung m such a way as to reveal a large portion of the room, and now I saw, not the diambnds— but some- . thing else. . In the folds of the dim arid old-world tapestry I saw something _ move and glitter. I looked again there was no mistaking it i| was an Eye, a lnunan eye, looking fixedly at me through a hole hi the canvas Now-I knewwhy I fblfc thatl was not alone! ' Y- There was someone hidden between' the tanestrv hangings and the wall of the chamber. Nnmni' a ghost. The eye was human, or I had never looked on human eye before I was alone with a thief, perhaps with worse, and gems of immense value lay within his reach. I was absolutely alone, not a soul could hear the-most agonised cry for help in this distant room. _ Now I knew— if I had ever doubted it before — that I was a very brave woman. The imminence of the peril steadied the nerves which a few minutes before were beginning' strangely to quiver. I neither started nor exclaimed. I felt that I had m no way betrayed my knowledge to my terrible guest. I sat perfectly stil, thinking out the situation - and my chances of escape. Nothing but consummate coolness could wiu the victory. I resolved to be very cool. With a fervent and passionate cry to One abo've for succour, I rose from my chair, and going to the' dres»inr'-table, I slipped several costly rings off my fingers. I left them scattered carelessly about. I denuded myself of all but my wedding-ring. Then I put the extinguishers on the candles— they were wax, and stood in massive silver candlesticks. i.he room, however, was still brilliant with the liclit of the fire on the hearth. I got into bed, laid my. head. on the pillow, and closed my eyes. . > It may have been ten minutes— it. seemed more like an hour to my strained senses— before I heard the faintest movement.- Then I discovered a little rustle ' behind the tapestry, and a man got out. When he did so I opened my eyes wide; at, that distance lie could Y not possibly see whether they were ppen or shut He was powerful man, of great height and breadth. He had a black beard, and a.quantity of thick black hair. I noticed his features, which were tolerably regular. I also noticed another peculiarity : amongst his , raven locks was one perfectly white. One rather thick /' white lock was flung back off his forehead — so white was it that the fire-light instantly revealed it to me. The man did not glance towards- the bed, he. went straight, with no particularly quiet step, to the dress ing-table I closed my eyes now, but I heard him' taking up my trinkets and dropping them again. Then lie approached my .bed-side. I felt'him come close, I felt his breath as lie bent over me. I was lying on my side, my eyes were shut, I was breathing gently. He went away again ; lie returned to the dressing- table. I heard liim rather noisily sty- ike a match, then with a lighted candle in his hand he once more ap proached the bed. This time he bent very low indeed, arid I felt the heat of the flame as lie passed -it softly before my closed eyes. I lay still, however ; not a movement,, riot a burred breath, betrayed me. I heard' him give a short satisfied sigh. Again, caudle in hand, he returned to the dressing table. Once more I heard the clinking sound of my trinkets as they fell through his fingers. I here was a pause, and then— -for no reason that I could ever explain — he left the trinkets untouched on the table, and went to the door. - He opened the door and went out. I did not know what he went for— perhaps to fetch a companion, cer tainly to return— but I did know that '.my opportunity had come. In an instant, quicker than thought, I had started from my feigned slumbers ; I was at the door, I had bolted and locked it. There were several bolts to this old-fashioned door, there were even chains. I drew'. every bolt, I made, every rusty chain secure. . I was not an instant too soon. I had scarcely-fastened the last .chain, with fingers, that trembled, before the thief returned. He saw that lie had been outwitted, and his savage ' anger knew no bounds. He kicked at the door, he called 011 me wildly to open it ; he assured me that he had accomplices outside, that they would soon burst the old door from its hinges, and my life would be the forfeit. . ; To my .terror, I perceived that his words were no idle boast. The old door, secured by its many fasten ings on the one side, was weak 011 the other ; its. hinges were liearly eaten, through with rust ; they needed but some vigorous kicks to burst them from their resting- places in the wood. . . ' I knew that I was only protected for a few minutes, that even if the thief was alone, lie had but to continue , to assail the door as vigorously as lie was now doing for a, little longer, to gain afresh eutrance into my chamber. . \ I rushed to the window, I threw up the sash, and bent half out. Into the clear calm air of the night. I scut my strong young voice. . " Help, help ! — thieves ! — fire !— danger ! — help, help!" I shouted these words over and over, but there was 110 response except an echo. My room looked into a distant shrubbery ; the hour was late, the whole' house hold 111 bed. Th'e thief outside was evidently making way with, the rusty hinges, and I was preparing, at the risk of any consequences, the moment he entered the room to leap from the window, when I heard a dog bark. I redoubled my cries. The bark of the dog was fol lowed by footsteps ; they came nearer, treading down fallen branches, which crackled under the welcome steps. The next instant a man came and stood under the window, and looked up at me. I perceived by his dress that he was a villager, probably taking a short cut to his house. He stood under the window ; he seemed terrified ; perhaps he took me for the ghost.; He was not, however, all a coward, for lie spoke. " What is wrong ?" he said. - "This is wrong," I answered: "I am in extreme danger — extreme danger. There is not a moment to lose. Go instantly — instantly, and wake up the hotise,: and say that I, Mrs. Crawford, am in extreme danger in the Tapestry wing. Go at once — at once ! " .' I spoke distinctly, and the man seemed.- to under stand. He flew away, the dog following him. I instantly threw myself on my knees, and in the terrible moments that followed I prayed as I had never prayed before. Would the man be in time? Must my young life be sacrificed ? Ah! 110. God was good. I heard joyful sounds; the thief's attack on the door ceased suddenly, and the next instant the squire's hearty voice was heird. " Let me in, Honor ! What is wrong, child ? " I did let him in, and his wife, and several alarmed- looking servants who followed after. We instantly began to look for the' thief, but — mystery of mysteries — he had disappeared. That terrible man with the black hair and white lock over his forehead had vanished as completely as though he had never been. Except for the marks he had made with his feet on the old oak door, there was not a trace of his existence. I believe the servants doubted that he had ever been, and only thought that the young lady who was foolish enough to sleep i i) the Tapestry chamber had been visited by a new form of ghost. Be that as it may, we never got a clue to where or how .the man had vanished! . A year later I was again on a vist at Aspen's Yale. This time I did not sleep in the Tapestry room. < I now occupied a most cheerful, modern, and un- 2 ghost-like room, and but for one circumstance my visit O would have been thoroughly unremarkable, o t This was the circumstance which seems in a wonder- > ful way to point a moral to my curious tale. I paid 1j- my visit to the Cliffords during the Assizes. Squire Clifford,' as one off the most influential county mag- rr . nates, was necessariljr much occupied with his magis- r 'terial duties during this time. Every morning he went early into Lewes, the. town where the Assizes were held. One morning he told us of a case which interested him. ?i - "He is a hardened villain," he said ; he has again ca and again .been brought before me, but has never yet jr5 been convicted. He is unquestionably a thief : indeed, one of the notorious characters in the place ; but he is such a slippery dog, 110 jury has yet found him guilty. Well, lie is to be tried again to-day,, and' I do hope we shall have some luck, with him this time." The squire went away, and it came into his wife's head and mine to pay a visit to the court, and see for ourselves the prisoner in whom he was interested: No sooner said than done We drove into Lewes, and presently found, ousel ves in the large and crowded building. When we entered, the case under discussion had not commenced, but a moment after a fresh: prisoner was ushered into the dock. What was the matter with me ? I found my sight . growing dim, I found myself.. bending forward, and peering hard. The memory of an old terror came; back, the sensation of a couple of hours of mortal agony returned to me again. Who was in the, pri soner's dock? I knew the man. He was my guest of the Tapesty chamber of a year ago. There he stood, surly, .indifferent, witli his vast breadth and height, his raven-black hair, and that pieculiar white lock flung back from his brow. He did not glance at any one, but kept his eyes on the ground. - I could not contain myself ; I forgot everything but my sense of discovery. I started to my feet, and; 'spoke. . . . . . - "Mr. Clifford', I know that man ; he was in my, room a year ago. Do you remember the night when I- got the terrible fright in the Tapestry chamber in your house ? Tllere is the man who frightened me. I could never forget his face. There he stands." Whatever effects my words had on the squire -and the judge, there is no doubt at all of their remarkable significance to the prisoner. His indifference left him;, he stared with .wide-open and terrified eyes at me. It . was plain that if I recognised him; lie also recognised me. All his bravado left him ; lie muttered something, his face was blanched, then suddenly he fell on his knees and covered it with his hands. My evidence was remarkable and conclusive ; and that day, for the first time, Hercules Armstrong was committed to prison. He had long been the terror of the neighborhood, and 110 one regretted the just punishment which had fallen 011. him. What his subsequent career may be I know not ; this is the present end of a strange and perfectly true story. 