Our Metropolitan Suburbs: Balmain. BALMAIN has been called 'the work- ing man's paradise.' Chambers' Etymological English Dictionary de - fines paradise as the 'Garden of Eden; heaven; any place or state of blissful delights.' The resident 'horny- handed son of toil' (vide the Radical press) may indeed consider Balmain a paradise. The casual visitor may pos- sibly think the term is misapplied - especially if he chances to pay his Captain JAMES CUMMINS and Wife MARGARET CUMMINS née HUGHES lived Balmain 1880 to 1907 THE LATE MR. T. S. MORT. odour arising from the open sewers is not in the very least suggestive of otto of roses. Balmain, like nearly all our suburbs, has an interesting history. It covers an area of between 500 and 600 acres, which were given as a grant by Governor Hunter to one William Balmain, an army surgeon, in recognition of services rendered to the State. That was in 1800. The recipient of this grant does not appear to have been profoundly impressed with the value of the land bestowed upon him by the then Governor, for he shortly afterwards sold the entire block, snakes, scrub, black- fellows and all, for the modest sum of five shillings! The purchaser was John Gilchrist, Pro- fessor of Hindustanee in Fort William College, Calcutta. After that the place changed hands several times, and as the value of the land improved the estate be- came gradually split up, in the usual way. It would be interesting to have a chat with Mr. Balmain. What things that worthy could tell us about the grant he sold for a couple of half-crowns ninety years ago, were he only still in the flesh! One of the best living authorities on the history of Balmain is Mr. William Howard, the oldest inhabitant, whose recollections extend for half a century back. Mr. Howard, who occupies a snug cottage in Looke-street, is still hale and hearty. He remembers Bal- main when it was covered with dense bush, and its residents were few and far between. At that time the blackfellows had a big camp at Leichhardt, and paid periodical visits to Balmain to spear fish. ' I remem- ber,' said Mr. Howard to the writer, ' when fights among the blacks were of almost every-day occurrence. They were at it for two or three evenings a week, all the year round, and some of their battles were ex- citing affairs, I can assure you. They never interfered with the whites.' It may be interesting to note here that Mr. Howard's father (deceased) won the first silver cup competed for by oarsmen in this colony. That was in 1838. It was awarded for a whale-boat race, and Mr. Howard has it still. It was recently shown as a curiosity at the Melbourne Exhibition. Like his father before him 'the oldest inhabitant ' has been an enthusiastic oars- man in his time, and has distinguished him- self on several occasions in aquatic contests. 'You must have seen great changes in the value of land, Mr. Howard?' said the writer, in the course of half-an-hour's pleasant chat with this old identity. ' Why, yes,' said Mr. Howard with a smile, ' I may say I have. Forty-five years ago an acre of land near my cottage was sold for one hundred pounds. Quite recently £40 a foot has been refused for choice sites (having water-frontage) situated near that very land.' But one does not require to go back for anything like half a century to note the change that has come over Balmain. That change has been of course more marked during the last few years. Less than two decades have elapsed since the site occupied by the present Town Hall was covered with scrub. Captain Trouton, well-known in Balmain, is responsible for this statement. 'At that time,' said the Captain to the writer, 'the bush was so dense round about where the Town Hall now stands that the idea of building a house up there, as Tom Buchanan did, was regarded by the rest of us as a good joke.' And now behold what a transformation a few years have wrought! Darling-street, the principal thoroughfare, contains a double row of flourishing shops, and on Saturday night you might almost imagine yourself in the City itself, so great is the crush, so brilliantly lighted are the shops and stores, so excellent a display of goods do their win- dows contain. Architecturally considered these retail places of business are decidedly behind the times; their appearance is too suggestive of by- gone days, when Bal- main was, compara- tively speaking, a place of small conse- quence. The leases of nearly all the Dar- ling-street shops, etc., will, however, expire ere long, and then owners will doubtless avail themselves of the opportunity to rebuild and to erect premises in keeping with the rapidly - growing im- portance of the place. At the present time the population of Bal - main is 27,000, and there are more than 5,000 houses within the Borough. Its public buildings are a MR. JOHN DORAN. credit to it, its manufacturing industries are numerous, and of the first consequence. The new dock at Cockatoo Island (less than a mile from Balmain) is one of the finest in the world, and the place returns, with Leichhardt (the two suburbs forming one electorate) four members to Parliament. There, what do you think of that? Had the disdainful Balmain only foreseen all this he would, in all probability, have recon- sidered that offer of five shillings for the grant, and have taken steps to secure the property to his heirs and assigns for ever. The thing would have been worth five shil- lings at all events, if only on the score of family pride. We were very nearly forgetting to state that Balmain possesses, in addition to its other evidences of progress, two newspapers \- the Leader and the Observer. And there are five-and-twenty hotels, four public parks, two public baths, five public schools, a well- stocked public library, a cottage hospital, a really handsome post and telegraph office (which cost £15,000 to erect), a large court- house, a fine town-hall (cost of erection, £6,000), a School of Arts, Masonic Hall, skating rink, two volunteer corps, a fire- brigade, four Masonic lodges, five Oddfel- lows' lodges, several temperance organisa- tions, and three or four debating societies, the latest addition to the list being the Bal- main Literary and Debating Club, of which the Mayor is president. Nearly surrounded by water, Balmain is naturally a great place for boating, etc. The aquatic clubs include a rowing club, a working men's rowing club, a sailing club, and a swimming club. In ad- dition to these, there are bicycle, bowling, cricket, and football clubs. The places of worship comprise three Episcopalian churches, two Roman Catholic, two Presby- terian, one Congregational, one Baptist, one Wesleyan, and a Salvation Army 'barracks,' to say nothing about minor sects. Balmain became a borough in February, 1860\. As the place at this time formed part of the Glebe electorate, its population can only be guessed at by allowing an aver- age of four souls to each of the 735 dwellings which the municipality then contained. This average would make the entire popu- lation 2,940. These figures would have to be multiplied by nine to represent the present population. Just a few more facts, gleaned from official sources:- The munici- pality covers an area of about 640 acres; the municipal revenue for 1860 amounted to £1,500; the revenue received for six months of 1888 amounted to £6,855, odd shillings. The annual value of rateable property in the municipality in 1860 amounted to £30,914; the annual value of such rateable property in 1888 was £214,075! There are between forty and fifty miles of streets within the borough, the estimated value of which is be- tween £60,000 and £70,000. The Muni- cipal Buildings are valued at £8,000. It may be interesting to go back here to 1860, and see who comprised Balmain's first Town Council. Here is the list :— Mayor, R. Mansfield; Councillors, E. W. Cameron, Dr O. S. Evans, T. Rountree, G. R. Elliott, James Burt, J. H. Palmer, James Beattie, A. W. Reynolds ; Council clerk, Jas. Mc- Donald. The present Mayor is Mr. Edward Har- man Buchanan, this being his second year of office. He is pro- bably the youngest mayor in the colony, being just thirty years of age. Mr. Buchanan, who is an architect by profession, and very popular, resides in Balmain, although he has an office in the city. He designed the Balmain Town Hall, which building is of imposing appearance and reflects consider- able credit on its architect. Mr. Bu- chanan became an al- derman in 1883. In addition to his other important public offices he is Trustee and Hon. Sec. of the Birchgrove Recreation Grounds, President of the Benevolent Society, vice-President of the Working Men's Rowing Club, Protection Association, and various cricket, football and swimming clubs. He is also the I.P.M. of Lodge Southern Cross, No. 9 (Masonic), and has just been elected Grand Architect of the United Grand Lodge of New South Wales. The following is a list of the aldermen at present holding office : E. H. Buchanan (Mayor), Messrs. Geo. Clubb, M.L.A.; A. Elkington, Jas. McDonald, C. U. Carruthers, M.D.; J. J. Wheeler, C. Clymer, J. A. Brodie, J. Clubb, D. H. Easton, H. B. Swan, J. G. Punch. Council Clerk: Henry Brewster Macintosh; Engineer and Surveyor : J. Goodsir; Foreman of Works : W. Marshall. The honourable posi- tion of Mayor has been held by Messrs. Punch, Albert Elkington, and H. J. McDonald, the latter having held office twice. Mr. Henry Brewster Macintosh, the popular Clerk to the Town Council, is a native of Badenoch, Inverness, Scotland. He has resided for thirty-three years in the colony eleven of which have been passed in Balmain. During the whole of this period Mr. Macintosh has acted as clerk to the Council, having been selected to fill that important position out of seventy-two candidates. He is a shorthand writer of twenty years' experience, and has a university certificate. He is greatly respected and held in high esteem, and the writer gladly avails himself of the opportunity of expressing his acknowledgements to Mr. Macintosh for the valuable information so courteously furnished to him respecting Balmain, past and present. As we have already intimated, Balmain, together with Leichhardt, returns four mem- bers to Parliament - Messrs. Jacob Garrard, George Clubb, J. S. Hawthorne, and Frank J. Smith. Of the latter gentleman we are enabled to present our readers with a por- trait. Mr. Smith is a native of Sheerness, England, and was born in 1852. He has been for twelve years resident in Balmain, and has represented the place in the Legis- CAPT. F. H. TROUTON. lative Assembly since February, 1887, as a Freetrade member. He is well-known in legal circles, as compiler of the work en- titled 'Pilcher's Supreme Court Practice.' Mr. Smith has made his way in the world principally by his own unaided efforts. He was apprenticed when a youth to the printing trade, but subsequently took up the study of the law. He is President of the Balmain Rowing Club, the Elvira Football Club, and other Balmain athletic clubs, in which he has always taken an active interest. "We are also able to give a portrait of Mr. George Clubb, another well-known Balmain member. He is a native of Fochabers, County Morayshire, Scotland, and at the age of five years emigrated with his parents to New South Wales. The family settled in Pyrmont, where, in due time, the subject of this sketch was apprenticed to the build- ing trade under his father. About twenty years ago he removed to Balmain, and fol- lowed the business of a builder and con- tractor. During his residence in Balmain he has ever identified himself with all public movements for the benefit of the district. In February, 1880, he was elected an alder- man for the North Ward of the Borough, MR. W. A. HUTCHINSON. which position he has held ever since. He has always evinced a warm interest in poli- tics, and took an active part in the return of the first member for Balmain under the present Electoral Act. In 1883 he was ap- pointed a magistrate of the colony. At the general election in 1887 he received a strong requisition to stand as one of the members for Balmain and Leichhardt, but withdrew in the interests of the Freetrade party, and MR GEO. CLUBB, M.P. FOR, BALMAIN rendered material help in securing the re- turn of the Freetrade candidates. At the general election in February last he was selected as one of the Freetrade party, and was returned third on the poll. Mr. Clubb also fills various positions of usefulness in Balmain, being a member of the local Cot- tage Hospital Committee, Balmain Benevo- lent Society, and kindred institutions. There is not much speculation in land about Balmain, so far. Nothing even distantly resembling a ' boom ' has been known there as yet. Thirty pounds a foot is the average price for choice building sites. That is the present value of the land on which the Court-house stands. Seven or eight years ago this same land was purchased for the eighth part of what it is now worth. What will it be worth seven or eight years hence? Balmain should have an excellent future before it. Its industries are sufficiently numerous and important to fully ensure that. Of these industries Mort's Dock and Engineering Company's Works undoubtedly deserve first place in this article. Some two and thirty years ago, the late Mr. T. S. Mort, impressed with the necessity for a dock in which the large steamers carrying European mails might, when necessary, undergo repair, conceived the idea of con- structing the dock with which his name must be for ever associated. This great concern now employs over a thousand men and Mort's Dock is known all over Aus- tralasia. Amongst its many important undertakings the company has repaired ships of war, belonging to almost every nation under the sun; also the steamers of such well-known lines as the P. and O., the Orient, the Pacific Mail, the Messageries Maritime, the North German Lloyd, E. and A. Co., A.U.S.N. Co., and most of the prin- cipal steam companies of these colonies. The dry dock, excavated out of the solid rock, is capable of accommodating a vessel 410 feet long, with 65 feet beam; the depth of water over sill at spring tide being 20 feet. There are also three patent slips; one for vessels of 2000 tons and under; one for vessels of 1000 tons and under, and a small slip for steam launches. The huge steam hammer is capable of striking a blow equal to 80 tons, and is fitted with a power- ful steam crane for handling heavy forg- ings. It may be worthy of mention here that the popular and respected mana- ger for the company, Mr. J. P. Franki, re- cently visited England, where he made the round of the principal engineering and ship- building establishments, carefully examin- ing the most approved methods of working, also the latest type of tools used. As a result of his observations Mr. Franki placed extensive orders in the hands of the leading manufacturers for tools and labour-saving appliances of the very best description, thus putting Mort's Dock and Engineering Com- pany on a footing with the foremost engi- neering shops at home. To proceed with our description of the company's premises, some slight idea of the magnitude of their operations may be gathered from the fact that the works cover fifteen acres of ground. The foundry is 150 feet long by 44 feet broad and contains three furnaces, capable of casting from ten to fifteen tons of metal at one time, and fitted with all the latest appliances. The brass foundry is capable of turning out castings up to twenty tons. The machine shop adjoining the foundry is about 160ft. long by 80ft. broad, and contains the largest lathe and planing machine this side the equator, as well as an immense number of other modern machines. There is also a new and extensive building fitted as a coppersmith's shop, and a boiler shop, in which, amongst other machines, there are a plate planing machine capable of planing two edges at one operation, two double-headed boiler shell drills, fixed hydraulic rivetter capable of closing 1 3/8 rivets, and a steam rivetter. A new department deserving special mention is that set apart for bridge and girder work. It contains the most modern punching and shearing machines, multiple spindle and radi- al drills, together with most ingeniously ar- ranged portable hydraulic rivetters, cranes, and a 20 ton traveller. The fitting-shop is about 160ft. long by 40ft. wide, and contains two 'travellers' capable of lift- ing up to twenty tons, also a huge lathe. The blacksmith's shop contains about forty forges, seven steam-hammers ranging from 5cwt. to 10 tons, one bolt- making machine, rivet and spike making machines, etc., and all the latest appliances for the manufacture of forgings for the largest vessel afloat. "Within the last few months a large steel foundry has been established, with the necessary melting and annealing furnaces. There are also a sawmill and joinery department, painting MP. ALEX. BURNS' WATERVIEW STEAM SAW MILLS. department, pattern shop, etc., etc. It was to Mort's Dock that the 'Chimborazo' went to be repaired after her attack on Point Perpendicular, and the larger works carried out latterly include repairs to the Orient s.s. 'Garonne,' when about 60 tons of plates were cut out and replaced by new, including the straightening of the stem, in six weeks; a new shaft, weighing 9 tons, forged and fitted on board the s.s. ' Fifeshire ' in seven- teen days; and a new high pressure cylinder, one connecting rod, one low pressure piston 76in. dia., were made and fitted on board the s.s. 'Richmond Hill' in twenty days. The company has also undertaken, and successfully carried through, large con- tracts for mining companies, and freez- ing companies, etc. We shall publish in our next an engraving of the extensive works above briefly re- ferred to. The founder of this great concern was the late Mr. Thomas Sutcliffe Mort, a native of Manchester, England. About fifty years ago Mr. Mort, filled with the spirit of enter- prize which characterised him throughout his busy career, came to Australia. Here in Sydney he had for a time the usual ups and downs experienced by men of little or no means, but, thanks to his indomitable will and untiring energy, he made his way. As an auctioneer Mr. Mort was most suc- cessful, his knowledge of the world and of business, combined with his suavity of de- meanour and imperturbable good temper emi- nently fitting him for the work. The money amassed by Mr. Mort in his auction mart was afterwards devoted to the carrying out of more ambitious schemes. Thus originated Mort's Dock. It was always the opinion of the remarkable man under notice that our railway engines and rolling stock ought to be made in the colony, and he helped to prove that they could be made and made successfully here, and he looked for- ward to the day when we should be entirely independent of both English and American engineers. Mr. Mort was a man of plain and simple habits, and an indefatigable worker-- not only for himself but for others, and when he passed away, on May 9th, 1878, the news of his death produced a wide-spread feeling of regret. It was felt that the colony could ill spare a man who in his time had, quietly and unobtrusively, done so much good. For Mr. Mort was a public benefactor, and his demise was referred to in the colonial press at the time in language which sufficiently testified to the genuine sorrow occasioned by the sad event. Next in importance to Mort's Dock and Engineering Company's works come the Balmain steam sawmills of J. Booth and Co., Limited. Mr. John Booth, senior, the head of this large concern, is a shrewd man of business, with a thorough knowledge of the world. Straightforward in all his deal- ings, and possessed of a frank, kindly nature, Mr. Booth is universally respected by his fellow townsmen. He is a native of London, and was born in the year 1822. He came to Australia, as a sailor, in 1838, landing at Sydney. Two years later he abandoned the sea, and commenced his career as a shipbuilder at Brisbane Water. During the succeeding thirteen years he built a large number of coasting vessels, and earned a name for himself for the way in which the work was turned out. Rising step by step, he removed to Balmain, where, after a few years devoted to shipbuilding, he entered the timber trade, and ultimately established the Balmain Steam Sawmills, also the Summer Hill Sawmills, situated on the Manning River. The former of these establishments is perhaps the best known of its kind in the Australasian colonies. In 1870 Mr. Booth retired from business, and, taking advantage of his well-earned holiday, made the tour of Europe. On his return to Sydney he was elected M.L.A. for West Sydney, and subsequently represented East Macquarie. During both these terms, as a MR. FRANK J. SMITH, M.P. FOR BALMAIN. Constitutional representative of the people, he was always found working actively and intelligently in the direction which he con- sidered right and useful, and likely to serve the best interests of the colony. He always enjoyed a reputation as an authority on coastal matters, and while a member of the House was often jocularly referred to as 'the Hon. Member for Lighthouse,' in con- sequence of the wide range of infor- mation he possessed on the subject. He was formerly alderman and mayor for the now prosperous borough of Balmain and was amongst the earliest settlers when the place was bush country. Long before the suburb became a munici- pality this sturdy old pioneer employed gangs of men, at his own expense, to open up the country, and form roads and streets. In 1875 the Balmain Steam Sawmills were totally destroyed by fire, and the premises being only partially insured, Mr. Booth sustained a heavy loss, but with characteristic energy and enterprise, he commenced at once to rebuild, and on a scale moreover, until that time undreamed of in the colony. Even now the concern possesses by far the most costly and complete machinery of any mill of its kind in New South Wales. Mr. Booth married in 1850, and has a family of ten children living, his four sons being in the business with him. The works cover nine acres of ground, and have about 1,500 feet of water frontage to Johnston's Bay. When in full swing the mill employs about 300 men. The main building in which the machinery is chiefly located, and the largest portion of the mechanical work is performed, contains a floor area of about an acre and a-half. The motive power for working the ponderous sawing, planing, boxing, moulding, and other machines is supplied by a 500 h.p. condensing steam- engine, of the steeple type, the steam for driving which is generated in four multitubular boilers, the average pressure carried being 50lbs. The driving wheel of the main shaft is 18ft. in diameter, with, a double row of cogs, and is by far the largest geared wheel in the colony. It was cast at Mort's Works, Balmain. The machinery consists of one large breaking- down vertical frame saw and two smaller ones of the same description; the larger is capa- ble of cutting a log 7ft. x 6ft.. wide. There are also seven circular saw benches, four cross-cut saw benches, two edge moulding and shap- ing machines, three lathes, one sand- papering machine, two saw-sharpen- ing machines, one seven-wheeled grinder, used for sharpening and grinding the cut- ting irons for the moulding, mach- ines, one travelling planing machine, two planing mach- ines, two surface planing machines, three moulding machines, one sash moulding machine, two tenoning machines, one foot morticing machine. In addition to the engine power al- ready referred to, there is an auxiliary 14 h.p. horizontal engine, which can be used in case of anything going wrong with the larger engine. The sawmill is capable of cutting 200,000 feet of timber per week. At the eastern end of the premises are situated two large stores for housing dressed timber and joinery and other articles used in the building trade. Such are the Balmain Steam Sawmills - a lasting tribute to the pluck, perseverance and enterprise which have characterised the operations, extending over a period of forty eight years, of one who came to the colony with no fortune save his own personal qualifications, and whose well-earned inde- pendence is the reward of a lifetime of honourable work. The Balmain Iron Foundry of James Hyde and Sons, Weston-street, is well MR. LAW'S PREMISES, WESTON STREET. worth a visit. It is one of the most flourish- ing industries of the place. Mr. Jas. Hyde, founder of the establishment, is a native of Dukinfield, near Manchester, England, and has been thirty years in the colonies. After a lengthened experience in the iron-foun- dries of this colony and of Victoria, Mr. Hyde took an active part in the famous strike at P. N. Russell's and Co.'s foundry, Bathurst-street, Sydney, in 1859, and was one of the leading spirits in organising an ironworkers trades' union in New South Wales. Mr. Hyde commenced business not very long after this on his own account selecting Balmain as the scene of his opera- tions, and so the Balmain Iron Foundry sprang into existence. It was a very small affair at first; Mr. Hyde and the members of his own family did all the work. But perseverance almost always commands suc- cess, sooner or later. After an uphill struggle, during which, as Mr. Hyde re- marked, he had 'hardly a pair of boots to his feet,' fortune smiled on him; he began to employ labour, and has had from eight to thirty hands working for him ever since. His premises have about 250 feet frontage to Joseph-street, and 68 feet to Weston street, and occupy, altogether, about an acre of ground. The plant (a very excellent one) comprises a ten-ton travelling crane, a brass furnace, a large stove, a large fan, a 12 horse-power engine, and a powerful forge, driven by a separate fan, etc. Becoming more and more prosperous as the years rolled on, Mr. Hyde took a run home in 1886, and carried out a long cherished wish - to drink a cup of tea in the house in which he first saw the light. He is a staunch protectionist. 'Levy a duty of £2 a ton on imported iron,' said Mr. Hyde to the writer, 'and the iron trade will flourish as it ought to do in New South Wales and not until then.' Mr. Hyde is of the stuff of which our successful colonists are made, and his sound common sense and kindly disposition have made for him troops of friends. Burns' Waterview Steam Sawmills, situ- ated at the foot of Nicholson-street, and having a deep-water frontage to Waterview Bay, are well known. The yard has been chiefly formed by reclamation, the material used being excavated from the face of the cliff, the work involving considerable labour and expense. From the line of reclamation commodious jetties extend to deep water, where vessels of heavy tonnage can lie snugly moored. The labour in connec- tion with the handling of the stock is greatly facilitated by the employment of overhead 'travellers' extending all over the estab- lishment, by which immense logs and beams are caught up with the greatest ease. On the wharf steam winches and derricks are fixed to expedite the unloading of vessels, special attention being devoted to this part of the business. To give an instance: A large vessel arrived from San Francisco towards the close of last year with a million and a-half feet of timber on board. She was completely emptied in eleven days, this being one of the quickest discharges on record. The firm's imports for the year 1888 amounted to fourteen million feet of rough and dressed timber, doors, etc., from America, New Zealand, the Baltic, etc. The mill is fitted throughout with the latest appliances for sawing and planing. The machinery is driven by a thirty-five horse-power semi- portable engine, the fuel consisting of saw- dust and shavings produced at the mill. A special feature of this establishment is the entire absence of overhead shafting and belting, this being obviated by placing the main shaft below the level, of the mill floor, and driving the machinery from underneath. Amongst the machinery worthy of special notice is an American lath bench with a capacity of one hundred bundles per day, and a vertical saw capable of sawing logs up to 80ft. in length. In connection with the establishment is a fire brigade, composed of the firm's employees. There are two powerful force pumps, to- gether with necessary hose and connections. The Alston Soap Works, at Rozelle Bay, are well known. The industry has only been in existence about eighteen months, and great things may be expected of it in the future. Already the output is ten tons a week, comprising soap of all des- criptions. The various industries estab- lished there cover five acres of ground. The glassworks are run on the co-opera- tive principle, in which Mr. Hutchinson is a thorough believer. A number of 'hands' conduct the business on their own account, renting the premises from the pro- prietor, who retains a large interest in the venture. That the latter is proving a success is amply borne out by the fact that the premises have doubled in size within the past twelve months. The Globe Meat Preserving Works are becoming famous for the ex- cellence of the tinned meats bearing the company's brand, and the Union Box Factory, where all sorts of boxes and packing cases are made, employs thirty hands and turns out 10,000 cases a week. All these concerns are doing a large and increas- ing intercolonial trade, with the exception of the soap works, the whole of the soap manu- factured at this establishment finding a ready local market. Mr. William Alston Hutchinson, who set all these industries going, is a native of Cumberland, England, comes of an excellent family, and has been thirty years in the colony, twenty of which have been passed at Balmain, of which place he was Mayor for two years in succession, only resigning office on entering Parlia- ment. He represented Balmain for three years, is a staunch Protectionist, and has always taken an active interest in promoting the best interests of the thriving suburb dealt with in this article. It was mainly due to his efforts that Bal- main enjoys such extensive grants of land for recreation purposes. Mr. Hutchinson was also the chief promoter of the Balmain Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, still well remembered on account of the gratifying success attending it throughout. Whilst on a visit to England, he acted as Com- missioner for New South Wales at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and ren- dered the most valuable assistance to Sir Alex. Stuart in connection with the exhibits from this colony. Mr. Hutchinson has always taken the deepest interest in the industrial progress, not only of Balmain, with which his name is so closely identified , but of the colony at large; while his intelligence, public spiritedness, geniality, and genuine kindness of heart have made him extremely popular with all classes. Another self-made business man is Mr. Sydney James Law, the proprietor of the largest drapery concern in Balmain. His fine premises are situated in Weston-street, where he has been established for the last eight years. He commenced business with a small capital, and has worked his way into a prominent position by dint of sheer hard work, the exercise of brains, pluck, and energy. Mr. Law, who enter- MR. S. J. LAW. tains a high opinion of Weston-street as the coming business thoroughfare of Balmain, has done much to advance the prospects of the street. He takes a lively interest in public affairs, is vice-president of the local Freetrade Association, and a member of the Freetrade Council of New South Wales. He built handsome business premises in Weston-street about four years ago, which, after a short occupancy, he sold out to the Bank of New South Wales for £1,500. He had previous to selling out built three other double-front shops in the same street, and he now occupies one of the finest free- holds in Balmain. The shop is lofty, and, with the aid of enormous mirrors at the extreme end, one would imagine himself in one of the finest city shops. Mr. Law (who, by the way, is quite an accomplished shorthand-writer) is a firm believer in the future of Balmain. He is well satis- fied with his present position, and so sanguine about the 'sweet by-and-bye,' that he intends to hold on to all the landed property he possesses in the place. A far-seeing man is Mr. Law. There are no very remark- able houses in Balmain, but one of the oldest, probably the oldest next to Captain McLean's old brick house at Snail's Bay, is the tenement erected by Mr. Nicholson (Harbour Master), and which is situated on the hill near the Darling-street ferry. The Premier's residence is in Grafton-street, not far from the Stephen-street Wharf. A house is pointed out to the visitor, near Booth's Sawmills, which was at one time supposed to be haunted. A fearful interest attached to the place in those days. At night, lights would appear in the windows of the house, which was untenanted save by the ghosts, and wild, weird sounds of a marrow-chilling description floated out on the evening breeze. Colonials are, however, intensely practical as a rule, and decidedly materialistic in their ideas. A mob of excited Balmainites surrounded the house one night, and, forcing open the door, effected an entrance - and that ghost was soon laid. He proved decidedly susceptible to kicks, and when his sheet was torn from him literally 'gave up the ghost,' and, falling on his knees, he beg- ged for mercy. The exposé brought to light a pretty little piece of rascality indeed. His ghostship had long had his eye on the pre- mises as a desirable investment, but in order to depreciate the value of the property and so buy as cheaply as possible, he hit upon the ingenious expedient of haunting the place! Balmain was for- merly a great place for smugglers, and they do say that smuggling is not altogether un- known there even now. Can this be true? It was a favourite haunt of bushrangers in the fifties, too, and Mr. John Booth pointed out to the writer a cave situated in his timber-yard, whose smoke-blackened in- terior is due to the fires lit by the despe- radoes who sought the shelter of this, at that period, out-of-the-way place of refuge. One of Balmain's old identities is Captain Frederick Henry Trouton, whose splendid residence, surrounded by a large and well- kept garden, is known as Cliffdale House, and is situated in Looke's Lane, close to the waterside. Captain Trouton is a native of County Down, Ireland, and came to the colonies in 1852. He remembers the days when gangs of convicts in irons were engaged in sweeping the streets of Sydney, and can spin many an interesting yarn about old times. Twice has he filled the Mayoral chair of Balmain. That was fifteen years ago, at which time he was the Manager of the A. S. N. Co., and probably that important concern never had a more popular chief. The Captain has taken an active part in public affairs in Balmain in his day, and although now living in retirement, he is still frequently asked to preside at important public meetings. He is most courteous and hospitable, and it is a real pleasure to have a chat with him anent the early days. Balmain is directly connected with the Metropolis by ferry steamer, and is reached from the foot of Erskine-street in a few minutes, but this does not satisfy the residents. With true colonial go-aheadness they want a tramway as well, and if the fates had only been propitious they would have had one ere this. A tramway is projected to run from Darling-street to the boundary of the Borough, to connect with Leich- hardt, and thus with Sydney. Tenders for this important undertaking have been twice accepted. The first contractors, how- ever, failed to comply with the stipu- lations made by the Council, and in consequence forfeited their deposit of £1,000. The contract was again let, but a difficulty has, we understand, once more arisen, which is likely to further delay work already too long deferred. The residents are most anxious to see their tramway un fait accompli, as they consider that the line must tend to the enhancement of the value of property in the place, and in this supposi- tion they are undoubtedly justified. About three-quarters of a mile from Bal- main is the well-known group of islands - Cockatoo, Spectacle and Schnapper, or as it is sometimes called, Snake Island. These islands present a most picturesque appear- ance viewed from the rising ground at the rear of Darling-street. Nor are they merely picturesque, for the chief of the group, Cockatoo, is indissolubly associated with the old convict days, and to set foot upon it is to tread on historic ground. Traces of the times that are gone still remain on Cockatoo and standing on the hill, near the residence of Mr. John Doran, one can easily picture in imagination the scene as it used to be fifty years ago. (See, here comes a hard labour gang, all of them ironed. The armed men are, of course, the warders. Look at the faces of the prisoners, note their expressions - sullen, dogged, de- fiant, and with a hunted look in their eyes. How they would revel in a revolt if it were not for those loaded muskets and THE ALSTON SOAP WORKS, ROZELLE BAY. the armed sentries who are peeping out of the queer little stone sentry-boxes dotted all round the island. Of these sentry-boxes only one remains now, and this relic of other days is more than half a century old. MR. JOHN BOOTH, SENR. And now it is evening and our hard labour gang is returning to the gaol on the hill, as clogged, sullen and defiant as ever. They still eye their guards with furtive, sidelong looks as if calculating their chances of escape and the cost the attempt will involve in case of failure. Tramp, tramp, tramp, and the party halt, the door in the old brown gaol opens, the men disappear, the door closes and all is quiet again. Two THE BALMAIN STEAM SAW MILLS J. BOOTH AND CO., LIMITED. or three hours elapse. The night has grown colder, the sky is gloomy and overcast. Hark! What was that? That light, pattering sound was caused by a man running across the sand down to the beach. Away over the water one or two twinkling lights are burning in Balmain. If he can only swim across that strip of water he will stand a chance of escape, because the friendly scrub will shelter him; he must chance the rest. He knows that he is risk- ing his life, but what cares he for that? Only to be free! Free after fifteen years of misery! Surely liberty is worth trying for at any price! And now he has reached the water, and is about to plunge in when he hears a great bell ring, and his heart almost stops beating at the sound, for well he knows the meaning of that knell! His flight has been discovered, and the troops have turned out in pursuit. Here they come even now! Without hesi- tating another moment he has plunged into the ice-cold water and is swimming, for dear life. Suddenly he hears some one call upon him to surrender, and the next moment a dozen muskets are discharged in quick suc- cession, a shower of bullets whizz over his head. One more struggle! No, it is useless; he is hit at last. It is all over. Numbed with cold and with his left arm hanging powerless he is fished out of the water, and marched back to his cell to await his punish- ment. Such attempts at escape were of very fre- quent occurrence in the old days. Once in the water men used to resort to all sorts of tricks to get away. Some would place tin cans over their heads, then sink to the level of the can, hoping by this means to impress any chance spectators with the idea that it was only an empty tin floating down stream. One fellow would certainly have got clear off in this way had he been a little more care- ful. He put his head into an old coal basket. The spectacle of a battered old basket forcing its way up stream, and against the current, was too much, however, for the only man who saw it, and so that obser- vant individual gave the alarm, and the would-be escapee was recaptured. Several men tried to escape down the pump of the engine-house on the island, and which pipe communicates with the sea. Of all the hundreds who attempted flight only one succeeded in getting away who was never recaptured. The prisoners were of the very worst type in those days. They consisted exclusively of long-sentence men and 'lifers.' A portion of the old gaol still remains, although the place has undergone considerable alteration in some respects since the convict days. The cells in which some of the greatest rascals were imprisoned were not long ago pulled down, and the stones of which these cells were constructed are now lying in a heap on the shore beneath the gaol. Amongst the more notorious of the prisoners at Cockatoo Island Gaol were Frank Gardiner, the bushranger, and his friend, and ally 'Thunderbolt.' The latter managed to effect his escape from the Island in March, 1863, He swam to the mainland, hid away in the scrub, and was not recaptured for seven years. Although severely punished, 'Thunderbolt ' remained undaunted, and once again broke away. This time his temerity cost him his life, for he was shot dead by Police Inspec- tor Walker at a little wayside inn at Ken- tucky Creek, four miles from Uralla. Gardiner served several sentences at Cocka- too Island, one following the great robbery on the Bathurst-road, when a gang of bush- rangers led by Gardiner stuck-up the gold escort, and, after a desperate encounter with the mounted police, got clean away with all MR. JAS. HYDE. the plunder. Ben Hall, who took an active part in this robbery, was shot dead four months afterwards by Inspector Davidson, who came up with him in the bush. [Lack of space prevents completion of this article in the present number. In our next issue, a further chapter on Balmain will appear, and will include, among other items, engravings of Mort's Dock and Engineering Works, and an article on Pyrmont, inter- spersed with illustrations.] METROPOLITAN SUBURBS: BALMAIN 1\. VIEW LOOKING UP THE PARRAMATTA RIVER. 2. REGATTA DAY. 3. LOOKING DOWN DARLING STREET. 4\. BALMAIN FROM THE OBSERVATORY 5\. THE POST OFFICE. 6\. AT MORT'S DOCK 7\. E.H. BUCHANAN, ESQ., MAYOR OF BALMAIN 8\. THE TOWN HALL 