fHE FROZEN PIRATE.' BY W. CLArXE RUSSELL, Author of ' Tho Wreck of the Grosvenor "lih Lady 3Maud,' 'A Sailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. CnuArrcn XXIX.-(co~ern-TED.) 'Do sy,' ai&d; ho, 'dat Lunnon's a very line plcee, salh, iigger dan Philndelphv, and dat' man'sskin dlon' tell ogini hhn among de yaller gale dere.' I laughed aid said, that in my conntry people were judged rather by the colour of their hearts than ty the hue of their faces. I But dollarscount for something, too, Ball, I slpects 'I? said le. ' Why, yes,' said I, "with dollars enough yoenu icn rike black white in England.' 'Hu, ' cried he, seratching his head. 'I guess it 'ud take an almighty load of dollars to m?ke'me white, tuasta.' *Put money in your pocket-and chink it,' Mid.I, 'ns"ii your fac'll ie found white enough, I warratnt.' 'By golly ! cried lie. ' 1rl do it den. S'elp me de Lord, assia, I'd clink twenty year for a white face. Dat comes ob bein' civilised. Tell'eo what dey dew, mtasas, dey makes you feel like' a wlito man, but dey lets you kee, black, blsit 'ema !' ' I checked his excitement by telling him that in my country he would find that the negro was a person hld in very high esteem, that the Swomen in particuhr vlued him for that very dinginea mwhich the AnmericsIs found distaste ful, andi told hliim that i could name several ladies of quality who hald married their black servants. IIe looked surprised, but not incredulous, and said in his peculiar dialect that he had no doubt I spoke the truth, d as had lways heard that England was a fine country to live in. I then led him insensibly from this topic to talk of the sea andhis experiences, and found that he had seen a very great deal, having been freed when young, and keeping to tile ocean ever since in many different sorts of craft. Indeed, I was us much pleased with hin as wilth Wilkilson, but then I had fore seen a simplicity in both the negroes, and in expectation of finding this quality, so useful to one in my strange position, I was overjoyed when they consented to help me sail the schooner to the Thames. We went on deck to relieve Wilkinson and Cromwell. Billy Pitt took the tiller, and I walked to either rail and stared into the dark ness. It was very thick with occasional squalls of snow, which put a screaming as of tortured cats into the wind as they swung through it. The sea was high, but tile schooner was making excellent weather of it, whilst sihe rolled and pitched through the troubled dark ness at seven knots in the hour. 'Twas noble useful sailing, yet a speed not to be relished in these waters amid so deep a shadow. Still the temptation to ' lold on all,' as we say, was very great; every mile carried us by so much nearer to the temperate parallels, anjl'hortoned to that extent the ong,lo long passage that lay before us. I was pacing the deck briskly, for thu wind was horribly keen, when Pitt suddenly called out, ' I say, massa !' 'ullo,' I replied. 'Sah,' he cried,' I smell ice ' I knel that this was a capacity not un common among men who had voyaged much in the frost regions of the deep, aud instantly h exclaimed, ' Luff, then. luff! shake the waysout of her!' sniffling as I spoke, but detecting no added shrewdness in the air that was already freezingly cold. IIo put the helm down, and I called to the others below to come on deck and flatten in the main sheet. They were up in a trice and tailed on with me, asking no aueso, ti tll wo had the boom nearly amid 1 was about to speak when Wilkinson cried out, 'I smell ice.' He sniffed a moment: 'Yes, there's an iland aboard. Anybody see itI' SAy, dere it am, sure enoug h!' cried Crom well. ' Dero-on de lee-bow-see it, tah ? See it, Billy'.' Yes, I saw it plain enough when I knew where to look for it. 'Tiws ust uch another lump of faintness as bad wrecked the Laughing Mary, a mass of dull spectral light upon the throbing blackness, and it lay exactly i a line with the course we had been stecring when Pitt first called out. so that assuredly w had not shifted our helm a minute too soon. We chopped and wallowed past it slowly, keeping a sharp look-out for like apparitions" in other quiarters, and when it 1ad disappeared 1 iade 0 up my mind to heave the schooner to and keep her in that posture till daylight, unless the night cleared. So we got'thel mainsail down and stowed it, clewed up the top-ail (which I lent a hand to roll up), and let the vessel lie under a reefed foresail with her t helm lashed. The weather, however, must hae ultimately compelled what te thickness had required; for y ten o'clock it was blow ing a hard gale, with a fre.ue t hoariness o clouds of nt upon the blackness, the seas very high and foaming, and the wind crying madly in tle riggin I let some time go by, and then sounded the h well and found no mor water than the depth at whicsh te pimp sucked. This did wonders in rendered uneasy by the violent motions of tle nivieldy vessel, and by the very harsh strining noia wthic rose out of the hold, c whiclI latter t ud turally attribhute to 0 the crainiess of the fabric, though tie true cause of it lay in the number of lse, movable bulkheads. i 'It's iunazn' to tie that she holds to gether at all,' cried Wilkinson, ' so ancient she ' She's only old,' said I, ' in the sound of the sears she's been in existence. The ice has kept 1 her young. Woul tlu hams and togues h 'rm e Would the c o h us , nd t tay we're catin be taken to be half a century s old? yet were could you buy sweeter unit better meat of the kind ashore A ship's well is your only honest reporter of her condition. Ours has vouched in a way that should keep 0 you easy.' 'Arter do Soosan Tucker dis is like itn' negrocs. ' It war pmnp, pump hero and no mistake. I call ds a worry beautiful little sheep, onsse; yes, s'elp mo de Lord, dero's nuflin could persuade me he ain't what I says hl am.' However, I was up and down a good deal dur ing tle night. But for thetreasure should hav I been less anxious, I dare say. I thd corne so ubecessfully to this point liat I was resolved, if my hopes were toi misncarry, the misfortue should not be owing to want of vigilance oiT my part; and there happened an ienident whiich inevitably tcnded to sharpen sty watch fulness, though I was perfectly conscious there was a milliontooneagainst itsoeiring a second time. I came o deck to relieve 'vilEistsn,at midnight, after a half-hour's nodding doze by the furnace below. Ho went to his cahin ; I stood under the lee of a cloth seized itn the weatlier main riggtng. Pitt arrived, and I told ' him he could return to th cook-house and stay there till I called him. The helm being lushed, atid the schooner doing very well, nothing wanted watching iro particular, yet I dwotua not have the deck abandoned, and meant to keep a look-out, turn and turn about wit Pitt, is WVilkinson and Cromwell had. The snow had ceased; but it was very dark and thick, the ocean a roaring shadowt , palpitaltig ru lon the eyes in rolling folds of blackness, with the quick expiring flash of-foat to windward. On a sudden, looking over the weather quarter, - mctlought I diseenesd a deeper shade ih the night there that was olsewher perceptible. It weas lik a grat blot of ink uipon the darkness. Even whilst I speculated, it drew out it theo slihpe of a ship cnning boforo the -ale. Sse seoemed to bo heading directly for un, The roof of my nouth turned dry as desert-sand ; my o tOigiu and limbs refused their office; I could neither cry nor stir, being indeen para lyzedly tho terriblo suddenness of thatappare tion and the imminence of onr peril, It all happened whilst you 'could have told thirty. i The great black mass surged up wis the water boiling about the bows; she brought a thunder along witli her in her rigging and sails as she soared to the crowns of the seas she was sweep ing before. I could not tell what canvas she was under, but her speed was a fulltea knots, and us I did not see her till sho was close, she looked to cume upon as with a single bound. She paied us to windward within a stone's throw, and vanished like a dark cloud melting into the surrounding blackness. Not a gleam of light broke from her: you heard nothing but the boiling at her bows ted the thunderous pealins' of the gale in her canvas. A quarter turn of the wheel would have sent us to the bottom, and her, no doubt, on top of us. .Whlether sh was the S.iest Torker, or some other -whaler, or a big South-sea-man driven low antd ceting what easting she could out of the gale, I ksow not. Ste wsas complete a mystery of tlie ocean- night -as any spoctral fabric, and a heavier terror to mu .than a phantasm worked by ghosts could., have proved. " I knew such n thng could not happen .gain, yet whet I ealled Pitt I talked tohsm about it did not keep a sharpt look-out, and when my scatl below came round at four olclock I wea? en agitated.that I was up atid down till day break, as though my dqty did aot end-till then. " - t.tu *piliuicd bT sjdcia u me The gala moderatedlt sunrise, and, though it was agloomy. true Cape Horn morning, with dark driving clouds, the sea a dusky olive, very hollow and frequent small quieck squalls of sleet whlich brought the wind to us in sharp guns, yet as we could see where we were going, I got the schooner before it, heading her cast nortll-cast, and under a reefed topsail, main sail, and staysail, the old bucket stormed through it wr-ith the sputter and rage of a line-of-battle chip. There was a log-reel and line on deck, and I found a sand-glass in the chest in my cabin in which I had imet with the quiadrants, perspective glaes, and the like, and I kept this log regularly going markins a point of departure oi the chart the American captain bad given me, which I.after wards found to be within two leagues and a lalf of the true position. Bult for three days the weather cenntinued so heavy that there was nothing to be done in the slhape of gratifying the men's oxpectations by overlariling what was left of the cargo. Indeed, we had no leisure for sulch work; all our waking hours had to be 1 strictly dedicated to the schooner, nmi in keep- I ing a look-out for ice. But the morning of the 1 fourth day broke with a fine sky and a brisk 1 breeze from a little to the east of south, to 1 which we showed every cloth the schooner had I to throw abroad, and being now by dead I reckoning within a few leagues of the meridian i of GOdeg., Ishtrpe- a course north by east by roy compar, with thre design of getting a viewss of Staten Island that I might correct my calcu lations. When we had mido sail and got put/break fast, I told Wilkilson slid Cir?o?ell Pit't being i at the tiller) that now was a good opportunityd for inspecting the contents of the hold; ind (not to be tedious in this part of my relation, however I may have sinned in this respect I elsewhere) rwe carried lanthorns below, and sIpont the better part of the forenoon in taking stock. From a copy of the memorandum I n made on that occasion (still in my possession), we discovered that the Yanlkee captain had left us the following-:-Thirty casks of ruin, twenty- I eight hogsheads of claret, seventy-five casks of brandy. fifty of slierrs, ind eighteen nlses of beer iu bottles. In addition to this were the stores in the lazarette (besides a quantity of several kintds of wine in jars, etc.) elsewhere I enumerated, besides all the ship's furniture, her guns, pow-der, sumall-arms, etc., as well as the ship herself. 1 took the nmen into the run arid showed thell the chests, opening the little ore t which I hadt stocked nwitllh somall-arms, and i lifting the lids of two or three of the others. I They wera perfectlysatisicd, fully believinlg all the chests to be filled with smnall-arms and nothing else, and so we cnrne away and returned to the cabin, where, to please them, I put down the value of the cargo at a venture, setting figures against eacht article, and I msaking out; a total of two thousand six hundred I and forty pounds. This, of course, includedthe o ship. r o rw ruch 'll dat hen man, massa :' asked I Cromwell. ' Six hundred and sixty pounds,' I answered. 1 The poor fellowwas so transported that. after staring at me in silence with the coniers of his mouth stretched to his ears, lie tossed up his t hands, burst into a roar of laughter, and made sevensl skips about the deck. 'Of course,' said I, addressing Wilkinson, I ' my figures may be ahead or short of the truth. t But if you are disposed to take the chance, I'll t tell you what I'll do; I'll stmnd by my figures, accepting the risk of tle value of the lading being less than what I say it is, and undertake a to give each man of you six hundred and sixty pounds for your share. ' Well, sir,' said ihe, I don't know that I ought to object. But a few pounds is a matter of great consequenee to me, and I reckon if these here goods and the weasel should turn out c to be worthl more than ye offer, the loss 'id go agin the grit, ay, if 'twere twenty dollars a man.' I laughed, and told him to let the matter rest, there was plenty of tihao before us; I should be willing to stand to my offer even if I lost ry i it, so heartily obliged was I to them for coming f to my assistance. And in this I spoke the truth, though, ias you will understand who i ]mow my position, I had to finesse. It went i aigainst my conscience to make out that the v chests were full of smallarms, butI should have a been mad to tell them the truth, and, perhaps, by the truth made devils of men who were, and a promised to remain, steady, temperate. honest fellows. I was not governed by the desire to keep all the treasure.to myself; no, I vow to God t I should have been gladl to give them a moistv of it, had I not apprehended the very gravest i consequences if I were cundli with them. But b this, surely, must be so plain that it is idle togo a on insisting on it. The line weather, the golden issue that was c to attend our successful navigation, the satis- k factory behavlioor of the schooner, puts is into ti a high good- humour with one another; and to when it came to my collecting all the clothes in 0 the after cablins and distrilbuting them among '1 the three men, I thought Billy Pitt and Cromn- te well would have gone mad with delight. To o the best of my recollection the apparol that had b been left us lih the American captain (who, as h you know, hlad cleared the forecastle of the I clothes there) consisted of several coats of cut a velvet, trimmed with gold and silver lace, some ii frocks of white drab with large plate buttons, sl brocade waistcoats of blue satin and green silk, e' crimson and other coloured cloth breeches,T along with some clocks, three-cornerlhats, black n aud w-hite stockings, a number of rffled shirts, Ii and other articles, of which I recollect the character, though my ignorance of the costumes a of that speriod prevents me froam naming them. , Any one acquainted with the negro's delight f in coloured clothes will hardly need to be told s of the extravagant joy raised in the l'black a breasts of Cromwell and Pitt by my distribution of this tine attire. The lace, to he sure, was a tarnished, and some of the colours faded, but o all the Sanle the apparel furnished i brave show, l and such was the avidity with swhich I the poor creatures snatched at the garments as I offered them first to one and o tGen another, that I believe they would have I been perfcctlly satisfied witth the clothes alone t as pament for their services. I made this distribution on the quarter-deck, or little poop, s rather, that all might be present: Wilkinsoon was at the tiller, and appearod highly delighted t with the bundle allotted him, msayi-g that Ire might reckon uponl a hearty welcome from his r wife when shO camne to know what was in his 'J chest. The negroes were wild to clothe them- t selves at once ; I advised them to wait for the a warm weather, but they were too impatient to put on their fine feathers to heed my advice. They ran below and were gone half an hour, during which time I have no doubt they lptt t a all they had ; and when tlat lat they reurned, t their appearance was so exquisitcly absurd that I laughed till I came near to suffocating. Each inegro had tied a silver-laced hat on to his 7 woolly head ; one wore a pair of crimson, the c other a pair of black, velvet breeches;- over c their cucmber shalnks they had drniwsn white 1 silk stockings, regardless of the cold; their feet were enc:scd ip buckled siroes, and their costumaes were completed by scarlot and blue waistcoats awhich fo!l to theif kllees, anrl crimsono and blue coats with itnmonse skirts. What strnck me is most astonishing was tleir gravity. STheir self eomplhceneywass prodigious: they eyed each other with dlignified approbatior, arnd strutted with thie airof provincirl mayors antl aldermen nerly arrised from the preseppe of T' Tfey're in eepin' withi thie schooner, any I wa-ys,' said Wilkinson. 1 And so perh:tlps they- were. The antique fabric needed the sparkle of those costumes on her deck to make hlier aspect tit inh with tihe imaginarions si he bredoi- Buf, i I Ihad anticipated, tle cold proved ioo osvcrfulr for their conceit, and they were Ipresently glhd to srip their more modernc trousers, tholrghi tie clung olbstinately to their aistsratasu srf oould not be persurded to remove their hIate on any account whatever. CHrs-R XXX.--Oun Paoonss so -ie When I started to reiate my ade- ctureo I never dosigrod to write an account of tie journey home at lirge. On tire contrars, I foresaw that, by thu time I Ilnd arrived at "this part, you wounli have had enough of the sea. Let me now, then, be as brief as possible. The melting of theico arid tIhe slowly iscreas tng powaer of tlesun were inexpressibly consol trig to me wiho haId had so much of tie cold that Ido protest if Elysioumn. were bleak, no matter low radianrt, and tle abode of tihe fiends as hot as It is pictured, I would croose I to turn my back upon the angels. I cannot isay, howevser, that thIe schoonerc was properly thawed intil we were hard upon the inrallels of the Fnlkll Island-; she then showoled her timlnrs nsked to thIe sun, and cxposed r browna solid deck rendered ugly by several dark patchles which, scrape as we might, wae could not obliterate. We stnruck thIe guns into the hold for thie better hallastong of tIhe vessel, got studdiig-satil booS riloft, ovrruled her suits of canvas and foiund a greatsquaresail which proved of inestimablerl importance in light w inds and in runniing. After theicowanswholly melted out of hiei frulrllp sire attdoa little wster, y-t cot so rsucli "hut trlat itat sra i hor-'s spll at tlho punip twice a ibiy easily freed her. But, curiously" enough, ut the end ofa firniglt oto became tiht agarin, which I attribute to the Sswelling of her tiumbers. We were a slender company, butwe mnAnage\ extraordirrrily well. Tile men were wonlder fully content; I evecr heard 60 much as a uarmur 'escape one of thebm; they snover eg coeded their rations nor asked for a drop more of liquor than we had agreed among us should be served out. But, as I had antiespated, our security la in our slenderness. We were too few for disaffection. The negroes were as simple as children, Wilkinson looked to find his account in "a happy arrival, and if I was not, strickly speaking, their captsin, I was their navigator without whom their case would have been as perilous as mine was on the ice. Outside the natural dangers of the osea we had but one anxiety, and that concerned our being chased and taken. This fear was heartily shared by my companions, to whom I also represented that it must be our lbusines to give even the ships of our country a wide berth ; for, though I had long since filing all the com promising tunting overboard, and destroyed all the papers I could come across, which being written ia a language I was ignorant of, might, for all I knews, contain come damning infor nmation, a British ship would he sure to board itus and I should have to tell the truth or take the risk of previricating. If I told the truth, then I should have to admit that the lading of the vessel was piratical plunder; anmid though I knew not how the law stood with regard to booty rescued from certain destruction after the lapse of hard upon half a century, yet it was a hundred to one that the whole would be claimed in the king's name under a talk of restitution, which sigsified that we should never hear more of it On the other hand prevarication would not fail to excite suspicion, and on our not being able to satisfactorily aCCeeount.fot our po- sion of the ship and what was her, its tigs e.d in our actually being seizehuas pirates'MF perhaps executed. This reasoning went very well with the men and filled them with such alxiety that they were for ever on the look-out for a sail. But, as you may guess, my own solicitude sank very mush deeper; for, supposing the schooner to be runmmaged by an English crow, it was as certain as that my hand was alfixed to mny arm that the chests of treasure would be transhipped and lost to me by the law's trickery. Now, till we were to the north of the equator we sighted nothing : no, in all those days not a single sail ever hove into view to break the melimcholy continuity of the sea- line. But he tween the parall:se of 12deg. and 22deg. N. we met with no less than eight ships, the nearest within a league. We watched them as cats watch mice; making a point to bear away if they were going our road, or, if they were coliing towards us, to shift our helhn-uit never verr markedly-so as to let them pass us at the swidest possible distance. Some of them showed a colour, but we never answered their sirnals. That they were all harmless traders I will not afriim; but none of them offered to chase us. Yet could I have been sure of aship, I should have been glad to speak. iMy longitude was little more than guess-work; my'latitude not very certain; and my compass was out. HIowever, I supported moy own and the spirits of my little company by telling them of the early navigators; Lhow Columbus, Drake, Schouten, and other heroic marine worthies of distant times had navigated the globe, discovered new worlds, penetrated into the most secret solitudes of the deep without any notion of longitude and with no better instruments to take the sun's height than the forestatf and astrolabe. We were latter off than they, and I had not the least doubt, I told thesis, of bringing the old schooner to a safe lerth off Deal or Gravesend. But it haplpened that we were chased when on the polar verge of the North-?ast Trade wind. It was blowing briskly, the sea breaking in snow upon the weather bowe the sky over cast with clouds, and the schooner washing through it under a single-reefed mainsail anM whole topsail. It was noon; I was taking an observation, when Pitt at the tiller sang out 'Sail hoe!' and looking, I spied the swelling cloud-like canvas of a vessel on a line with our starboard cathenad. I told Pitt to let the schooner fall off three points, and with slackened sheets the old Boca del Dragon hummed through it brilliantly, flhging tmhe foam as far aft as the gangway. The strange sail rose rapidly, and the lifting of her hull discovered her to be a line-of-battle ship. We held on as we were, lhoping to escape her notice: but whether she did not like our appearance, or that there was somethiing in the figure we cut that excited her curiosity, she, on a sudden, put her hehn up and steered a true course for uis. At the first sight of her I had called Wilkin son uand Cromwell on deck, and I now cried out, ' Lads, d'ye see, sile's after us. If she catches us our dream of dollars is over. Lively now, boys, and give her all she can stagger under; antit what she can't carry she must drag.' And we sprang to make sail, briskly as apes, and everyone working with two-man power. I knew the old Boca's best point ; it was with the wind a point abaft the beas; we put her I to that, got the great square-sail on her, shook out all reefs, and gave all sie had to the wind. The wake roared away from her like a white torrent that flies from the foot of a foaming catmract. She had the pirate's instincts, and being put to her trumps, was nimble. God! how she did swing through it! Never had I driven the aged bucket before like this, and I understood that speed at sea is not irreconcilable with odd bod ies. But the greit ship to windward hung steady; a cloud of bland and swelling cloths. When we had set the studdifg-sail we had I nothing more to fly with; and so we stood looking. She slapped six shots at us, one after another, as a haughty hint to us to stop; but we meant to escape, and at last we did, out sailing her by thirteen jnches to her foot-one foot to her twelve-though sh stuck to our skirts the whole afternoon and kept us in an < agoniy of anxiicty. Thoe sun was setting when she abandoned us ; she was then some tive or six miles distant on our weather quarter. What her nation was I did not know: but Wilkinson reckoned her Frenil when s.e gave us lit,. We rushed steadily along the samne course into the darkness of the night, and then, shortening sail, brought her to the wind again, after which we drank to the frisky old jade in all honestly-earned bowl. It was on the 5th of December that we sighted the Scilly Isles. I guessed what that land was ; but so vague ha:d been my na-iga tion that I durst not be sure, until, sying a smaok with her nets over, I steered for her and got the information I needed fromnt her people. They answered us with an air of fear, and in trtih they had reason ; for, besides the singular appearance of the ship, the four of us were apsparelled in odds and ends of the antique clothes, and I htave little doutt they considered us lunatics of a:lotlher country, who had run away with -a ship belonging to parts where the tastes and fashions were behlud tihe age. Xdow, as you may suppose, by this time I had settled my plans: and, as we sailed up chaetunel, I usnfolde~ l them to aLy companions, I pointed out that before we elltercr the riverit would be niceessary to discharge our lading into some little vcessel that iwould smuggle the booty ashore for us. Tile figure the schooner made was so peculiar shet would inevitaly attract attenotion; sie wvould instantly be boarded in the Thismes on our coaming to anchor, and. if I told tihe truth, shie ronld be seized as a pirate, and ourselves dismissed with a sm;dl r;voward, and perlhaps withl nothing, ' sty schellcn,' ?s.id I, ' ia is: I hIave a rela tionr in London to lwhom I shall coumnunictate the news of my arrival ald tell htm my story. You, Wilkinson, must bIe the bhcearsr of tlhis letter. lie is a shlrewrd, active iman, asl I wrill leave it to himn to eniige the hlttp we want. There is no lack of to lighlt kind of service aile igel; at Deal, and if theyc are promtised a substaitial interest in smugs:gling our ladiing ashore, they will run the goods succes.fully, do not fear. As there is sure to Ie a ta,tluot-war stationed in the Dorwns. We lullst keep clear of that inchors-o, I will land you at Lvdd, herlce s you will make your iv'a to D)over, nsd tlteitce to Lonsdon. Cromwrell aild ritt is-ll return and help mec to ken ctulosing. Oiy letter to nmy relative will tll him wle wre to seek ue, mid I Isall kinow his boat by her flying a jsck. When we have dischalrged our lading we will sail to the Tshames, andt then let who will come aboard, for we shall ltrve sclean hold. Thin,' continued I. 'is the best scheme I can devise, Tihe risks of smuggling attend it, to bie sure: ;,ut aguhist those risks we have to put thie certadily of our forfeiting our just claims to the property if we carry the schooner to the lThames. Even suppose, rlwhen thero, that we should niot be immediately visited, and so ie provided with an opportunity tolnnd our stuff- whom luive we to tnrust? The Tlhames abosusds with river thieves, with hlsmsre,scuffie-hunsters, mud-larks glutheni, rogues of all sorts, to hlire wrhom would mean to bribe thel writh.thb vatlue d half lthe ladig and to risk 'their st.dhlisg the other h:lf. But this is thq leoss'difttieulty ; the maineislsO lies i0 this: there aire some sLxteenI humsdred moo esmployed in the London Custoia House, most of whom are on riverduty as wiatcl men; thirty of these people ire claplued r,ltard an EastIndiaman, five or siq c'\ West India shipsuind a like prepotion in othser vessels. So strattgs a craft as ouirs -wotild be visited deped on't, andi fimartlj-, lbo. D'yo io-the dan!cr, lads? What do yost sy, tlhi to the scheme.' Thie negroes imumediately asuwered that they left it tome; I knew best; thoy rwoud be s-atis fled i~iih whatever I did. - Wilkinsou mused a while and then said 'Smuggling was risky work. 1How would it be if we reprcsenuted that-we bad fouid the schooner washing about with nobody albiard'. 'Thu tale woalhut bn crcdited,' sitid 7I; 'The age of the vessel would tell againstoeach a story, even if you removed all ether evidence by throwing the clothes and small-arms over board and whatever else might go to prove that the schooner must have been floating about ablmandoned since the year 1750!' ' Musn't lose de clothes, massa, on no account,' cried Pitt. 'Well, sir,' says Wilkinson, after another spell of reflection, 'I reckon you're right. If so be the law would seize the vessel and goods on the grounds that she had been a pirate and all that's in her was plunder, why, then, certainly, I don't see nothin' else but to make a smuggling job of it, as von say sir.' This being settled (Wilkinsona's oncurrence being rendered the easier by my teling him that, providing the lading was safely run, I would adhere to my undertaking to gave them six hundred and sixty pounds each for their share), I went below and spent half an hour over a letter to Mr. Jeremiah Mason. There was no ink, but I found a pencil, and for paper I used the fly-leaves of the books in my cabin. I opened with a sketch of my adventures, and then went on to relate that the Boca was a rich ship; that she had been a pirate, I risked her seizure by carrying her to London; that I stood grieviously in need of his counsel andihelp, and begged him not to lose a moment in returning with the messerger to Deal, and there hiring a boat and coming to me, whom he would find crusing off Beachy head. That I might know his beat, I baide him fly a jack a; little below the masthead. 'As for the Boca del Dragon,' Iadded,' Wilkinson would recognis her if she were in the middle of a thousand sail, and indeed a farmer's boy would be able to distin guish her for her uncommon oddness of figure.' 1 was satisfied to underecore the words ' a rich ship,' quite certain his imagination would be sufficiently fired by the expression. At anything further I durst not hint, as the letter would be open for Wilkinson to read. When I had finished, I took a lanthorn and the keys of the chest and went very secretly and expedftiously to the run, and removing the layers of small-arms, from the top of the case that held the money, I icked out some English pieces, quickly returned the emall-arms, locked the chCest, and returned. All this time we were running up Channel before a fresh westerly wind. It was true December weather, very ran-, and the horizon thick, but I knew my road well, and whilst the loom of the land showed, I desired nothing better than this thickness. But wary sailing delayed us: and it was not till ten o'clock on the night of the seventh that we hove the schooner to off the shingly beach of Lydd within sound of the wash of the sea upon it. The bay sheltered use; we got the boat over; I gave Wflkinson the letter and ten guinas, bidding him keep them lidden and to use them cautiously withl the silver change he would receive, for they were all guineas of the first George and might excite comment if he, a poor sailor, ill-clad, should pull them out and exhibit them. Happily, in tihe hurry of the time, he did not think to ask me hotw I had come h. them. Ite thrust them inito his pocket, shook my hand and dropped into the boat, and the negroes immediately rowed him ashore. I stood holding a lanthorn upon the rail to serve them as a guide, waiting for the boat to return, and never breathed more freely in my life than when I heard the sound of oars. The two negroes nne alongside, and, clapping the tackles on to the boat, we hoisted her with thei capstan, and then under very small canvas stood out to sea again. (TO sE CO-rnoUED-). 