Miscellaneous. LOKDON, March 13i-The Maharajah of Cash mere/(Pertab Sing), who was discovered to have organised a plot to poison the British Resident in Cashmere, is believed to havo become im becile. LONDON, March 13.-The report of the mas sacre of French tourists by Indians in Dakota has proved to be a hoax. i LOKDON, March 13.-Mr. Eobert Dennis sued Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P. for Canterbury, for .£500 for services alleged to have been rendered. The plaintiff enumerated the services as consist ing bf writing Mr. Heaton's speeches, his articles in the NATIONAL EEVIBW, and his letters to the TIMES and the Postmaster-General on postal mat ters from 1885 to 1888 j also his statement before the Colonial Conference, and for acting. as what is known as Mr. Heaton's ghost. The action has been settled by the payment by the defendant of jmQ ead Í20Q costs, : LONDON, March 13.-Madame Melba, the Aus tralian singer known in Australia as Mrs. Arm strong, has been' engaged by Mr'. Augustus Harris for his forthcoming season of Italian opera, at Drury Lane Theatre. LONDON, March 14.-S. J. Paul Kruger, Presi dent of the Transvaal Republic, and F. W. Reitz, President of the Orange Free State, have.agreed I to a defensive alliance in the event of just wars being undertaken by tho combined republics." LONDON, March 14.-Lord Randolph Churchill has intimated that he will co- operate with Mr. Gladstone in opposing tho naval proposals of tho Government, as embodied in the estimates for the current year brought down by Lord George Hamilton, the First Lord of the Admiralty. LONDON, March 14.-TRUTH, commenting on tho Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, just closed, declares that it was unprecedented in the history of exhibitions as a financial failure. LONDON, March 14.-The four-masted ship Lancing, bound from Blyth to Melbourne with a general cargo, has been towed into Plymouth in consequence of her steering gear having become deranged. LONDON, March 14.-It is reported that Sir Henry Loch, the Governor of- Victoria,'has ob tained a year's oxtension of his leave of absence. LONDON, March 14.-H:M;S. ironclad Sultan, which recently »ran ashore off tho coast of Sardinia, has sunk, and all hopo of recovering her has had to be abandoned. - * LONDON, March 14-In the House of Commons to-day,Baron do Worms stated, in reply to Mr. Campbell, that the Government reserved to itself tho right of modifying the scheme of con stitutional government prepared by the Parlia ment of West Australia and proposed to be applied to the colony. LONDON, March 15.-The Right Hon. Cecil Raikos, Postmaster-General, has . declined tho Governorship of the Cape of Good Hope. LONDON, March 15.-Sir Hercules Robinson has informed Portugal that Massoualand, in South-eastern Africa, is within tho sphere of British influence. LONDON, March 15.-It is now suggested that tho Marquis of Lorne should be appointed to the Governorship of Cape Colony. . LONDON, March 15.-The Government of tho Dominion of Canada has agreed to subsidise an Atlantic lino of steamers to run between England and Canada at the rate of ¿8100,000 per annum, It is also prepared to pay a subsidy pf ¿8150,000 toward the estabUshment of a line to run between Canada, Japan, and Australia, pro vided the Australian governments will lend their co-operation. LONDON, Maroh 15.-The will of the late Moses Joseph, of Sydney, has been Bworn under ¿8126,000. - . LONDON, March. 16.-An . Italian protectorate has been proclaimed over the Sultanate of Oppia, on the.Red Sea coast.. LONDON, March l7.-7-Latest advices from the Soudan report; that the Khalifa has abandoned Omdurman,' oh the Niloj a few miles from Khar toum^ owing to the advance of El Senussi, the Mahommetan leader, who was reported to be marching on Khartoum. ~ LONDON, March 17.-Russia has demanded from the Shah of Persia the exclusive right to navi gate the rivers debouching into the Caspian Sea; and also the right to construct a railway through Persia. LONDON, March 17.-The election for the vacant seat for Kennington in the House of Com mons, caused by the resignation of Mr. R. Gent Davis, took place yesterday. It resulted in tho return of Mr. Mark' H. Beaufoy, the Gladstonian Liberal candidate, defeating Mr. Beresford Hope, who stood in the. Conservative interest, by a majority of 630. LONDON, March 17.-Her Majesty Queen Vic toria, who is at present on a visit to Biarritz, in thé south of France, will meet Queen Christina, Regent of Spain, at San Sebastian, on the 27th instant. " LONDON, March 17.-Mr. Santley, the cele brated baritone^ will leave London for his visit to Australia by the P. and 0. Company's R.M.S. Oceana early next month. He will make his first appearance before an Australian audience at Adelaide in the oratorio of " Elijah." LONDON, March 17.-A colliery explosion has occurred at Sartu, South "Wales, " Fifteen persons were killed. " i LONDON, March 17.-Inly. Langtry, who durinur the past six or seven years has been following the. profession of an actress, is dangerously ill. Very slight hopes are entertained for her re covery. . " LONDON, March 17.-Ex-King Milan, who re cently abdicated the throne bf Servia in favor of his son, Prince Alexander, threatens to resume the Government as his son's guardian should the divorced Queen Natalie return to Servia. . [ LONDON, March 17.-Mr. Braddon, the Agent General for Tasmania, and Sir George Innes, of New South "Wales, have been presented at Court. LONDON, March 18.-Mr. S. C. Hall, the well known author, is dead. LONDON, March 18.-It is reported at Tientsin that the natives of Kuangsi havo massacred" 100 Frenchmen. LONDON, March 18.-The British Channel Squadron has proceeded to Tangiers in order to support the British authorities in their demands regarding the UBO of the cable connecting Morocco with Europe. . LONDON, March 18.-The Court of Inquiry into the wreck of tho ship Dollarn Tower on the coast of Java has found that the disaster was due to a faulty Dutch chart. . LONDON," March 18.-lt. is reported that the Ameer of Afghanistan is returning from the fron tier to Cabul. ." . LONDON, March 18.-Interest has been revived in the affairs of. thé Soudan by the circulation of an apparently, authentic report to the effect that El Senussi, the Mohammedan leader from North Africa, had inflicted a crushing defeat upon Khalifa, the Mahdi, in the neighborhood of Khartoum. When last heard of the Mahdi had aust abaudoücd, Omduxmaa oa tliQ left bjuakoi. the Nile, opposite Khartoum, in consequence ol the rapid advance of the arm; of El Senussi. . LONDON, March 18.-Miss Mary -Anderson, the well-known actress who has been seriously ill, is now reported to be in a precarious condition ol health. . , - LONDON, March 18.-Yellow fever is raging ia "Rio de Janeiro, South America. One hundred? deaths are, recorded daily. LONDON, March 19.-Captain Wissmann, who was appointed to conduct tho German expedition for the relief of 'Emin Pasha, and who will also take charge of German interests on the East African littoral, has engaged 500 Soudanese al Cairo. LONDON, March 19.-King Milan, who abdi cated tho throne of Servia m favor of his son, Prince Alexander, is at present at Budia Bes th. LONDON, March 19.-Lily - Langtry and Mary Anderson, tho well-known actressoà, are stated to» bo slightly better m health. LONDON, March 19.-Sir Graham Berry, tho Victorian Agent-General, has boon notified of his re-appointment. ,. LONDON, March 19.-In, connection with tho, sailing of an English squadron for Morocco, it ia stated that serious questions remain u unsettled, I with, that country respectingtho" murdor of British subjects and tho extension of the tele«, graph cable. ~ 