GHOSTS,WITCHES, AND HAXG^LEX. Hcrvr PHOYTDEXCE HAS INTEBFEBED VAKIOCS LEGAL EXECUTIONS. The Hammersmith ghost was quite a celebrated character at tlie commence ment of the present century, and the court records of 1 -S<t4 contain quite a good description of him. For montlis a tall white figure haunted the lanes and churchyard of Hammersmith, now a London suburb, but then a country town. "Women were literally frightened to death and many men developed a speed in escaping from the phantom which they had not flattered themselves upon possessing. An anti-ghost league was formed, and all the able-bodied men in the neighbourhood toot part in it vigor ous, not to say vicious, hunt for the cause of the alarm. This vigilance committee was unsuccessful, for, although its members caught a glimpse of the phantom, it appeared to have the power of vanishing at will, and no trap could catch it. Finally the wife of one Francis Smith was crossing the churchyard at dusk, when the ghost appeared and chased her home. The poor woman was completely overcome with fright, gave premature birth to a child, and expired. Smith smarted for revenge, and, taking his shotgun, went out into the night to lay the ghost. By this time it was very dark, but Smith could discern something -white moving across the churchyard. "Without delay he fired, and foundto his horror he had shot a neighbour who "was wearing a white dust coat. Smith was arrested, convicted, and sentenced to death, "but was not executed, and was soon, released from prison. Among the many cases on record in Tviieli alleged "witches have been con demned to death, there are few Tin -which any bona-iide evidence was brought forward against the miserable wretches, whose . doom was sealed before their arrest. But the oincial records of the trial of two widows at Bury St. Edmunds, in 10(52, speak of evidence of a most re markable kind. Thus when three of the complaining witnesses came into court to swear information tlicy fell down in fits, and after screaming were struck dumb and remained so the conviction, when they immediately recovered the power to speak. The evidence at the trial was very lengthy, and the amount of corro boration was quite tedious. Pains, aches, and other troubles were spoken to, and the Chief Justice, who seems to have been a humane man, decided to put the prisoners to the test in court. The revelations were so extraordinary that the jury convicted the prisoners, who were duly executed, "whereupon the sundry and divers persons who had been bewitched and troubled did regain their wonted vigour, and so remained until their death by natural and proper causes." In the year 1750 a young woman named Anne Green was tried at Oxford for the murder of her child. The evidence was very unsatisfactory, and many believed in the innocence of the girl." But she was convicted, sentenced to be hanged, and duly executed. After hanging bnlf an hour the body was cut down, placed in a coffin, and sent to a house to bo dissected. Although the rope had not been removed, and the noose was still tight, those who opened the coffin observed a movement of the woman's breast, "whereupon one Mason, a tailor, intending only an act of charity, set foot upon her, and one Orum, a soldier, struck her with the butt-end of his musket." But when the doctors came they found life still existed, and proceeded to adopt steps to secure her recovery, " by opening a vein, laying her ill a warm bed, and also using divers remedies respecting her senselessness, insomuch that within fourteen hours she began to pray very heartily." This re vival was regarded by the people as an interposition of Providence on behalf of the innocent. But the hangman was less superstitious, and demanded the girl so that he might " complete her execution on her." The doctors refused to comply with the request, secured a formal pardon for the young woman, who married, and lived happily for many years. Early in the eighteenth century a man named Smith was committed at the Xork Assizes of house-breaking and sentenced, with many others, tobehanged. The evidence against the accused was very unsatisfactory, and would not have secured his detention for an hour in this more enlightened and merciful age. Smith was promised a commutation if he would confess, but he continued to pro test his innocence. He was hanged for fifteen minutes, when he was cut down. He soon recovered. " in consequence of bleeding and other applications,' and lived several years. His account of his glimpse into eternity is thus reported by reputable eye and ear witnesses:-" "When he was turned off he for some time was sensible of very great pain, occasioned by the weight of his body, and felt his spirits in a strange commotion, violently pressing upward; that having forced their way to his head he, as it were, saw a great blaze or glaring light, wlncli seemed to go out at his eyes with a Hash, and then lie lost all sense of pain- That after he was cut down, and began to come to himself, the blood and spirits, forcing themselves into their former channels, put him by a sort of pricking or shooting to such intolerable pain that he could have wished those hanged who had cut him down." Un fortunately for the pointing of a moral. Smith's familiarity with the gallows seems to have bred contempt for it, for he sub sequently- went astray, was caught in the act. and hande'l over to tile "hangman. "Half-lianged Smith," as he was did not 011 this second occasion suffer from a return of those revival pains he so vividly described. Those who have no belief in modem mintcles and are sceptical as to remarkable exercises of Providential aid luay sav these cases are all old, and that much that is supernatural in them may be accounted for by the superstition of the ages and by the inaccuracy of records. But there was a case at Bristol, during the present decade, in which there can be no possible inaccuracy of record, for the facts were fully reported in all Hie leading journals, and were discussed in Parliament at the time. An elderly ladj- was found dead in her bed, and hei butler, a man named Lee. was arrested for the crime. There seemed little evi dence against tlie num. except liis presence in the house at the time, and the report of his conviction and the sentence av;is received -witli some surprise. The scaffold was erected by the professional hangman who tested it and found it to work all right. Leo -was led up tlie steps, protesting his innocence to the last. The hangman pulled back the bolt, but the trap did not fall. Surprised and unnoyc-d. he stamped on it with one foot, ljut it still resisted. Finally the holt -was re placed and tlie miserable Lee led to one side. On investigation nothing was found wrong, and indeed the trap fell of its own weight. Again it was adjusted and Lee placed on it, but again it refused to act. A superstitious awe took poss ession of the assembled spectators, which was increased when the hangman tried for the third time to complete Ids task. Six deputies stamped simultaneously on the trap-door which resisted all efforts, and, after over an hour's delay, the sheriff ordered the prisoner back to his cell, and telegraphed to the Home Secretary for instructions. The case was discussed in Parliament, and it was dccided that as Lee could not be hanged he should be imprisoned for life instead. Lee attributed his escape to Providence, and when three years ago a tramp confessed to having committed tlie murder .and disclosed where the widow's vjiluables had been concealed public opinion endorsed his at first ridiculed assertions, especially as the rebellious trap-door was subsequently used on the actual murderer with marked success. In some parts of East Kent, owing to the low price of wheat, bread is now being sold at Sd. per gallon, '01- tld. the quartern loaf. Flour is selling at Sd. per gallon. Further Salvationist disturbances have taken place in Geneva. A man liad his face cut open by a knife, and another was severely injured by a. stone. At Sissacli. in the canton of Bale. the State Council lxnd prohibited all street processions, the hoisting of flags, the use of noisy instru ments likely to disturb the peace and children's meetings. Conflicts are be coming so frequent that energetic measures are called for. A San Francisco paper says: -The traffic iu slave women for Chinese dens of iniquity has recently "taken a new departure and is now thriving as never before. The price for a slave woman has so increased that the profits of the traffic have become tempting beyond measure. A fairly good-looking China woman to-day readily sells for 2,000. dols. Every steamer now brings from 20 to 40 of these prostituted creatures, who are easily sworn in as " merchant's wives." Iii many cases Consul Bee takes enough interest in their landing to visit the United States Courts, and vouch for the claimants bang what they pretend to be. It may be that the innocent Consul believes what he vouches for, but if he does he is a much deceived individual. If the Collector of the Fort should feel like giving instruc tions to ferret out the present where abouts of the -women landed at the in stance of Consul Bee, he would find them pretty nearly all located in brothels in Chinatown. "We have only the word of a Chinaman, but lie is a. highly respect able and intelligent one, for the state ment that a fee of 150 dols. in hand duly paid, enables Consul Bee to vouch for "merchant's wives" with, great accuracy. ^ . . 