? — | DIANA. | She was ns straight ns an Indian arrow, large-limbed and tall, with that peculiar whito skin which docs not tan not grow Bullow. The first Diana was not more pro portioned than was this one. A combination of masculine strength and feminine btauty — not feminine enough to be wholly wapinn, nor maaculine enough bo be wholly wan. lier dress waa half ono and half the other. A man's black Blouch hat covered her liead, and n man's black coat protected ' her shonlders ; a petticoat of thick, dark stui! hid the rest of her down to tho ankles of ! her boot-shod feet. . She rodo a huge black stallion, a creature aa Bplondid and fiery and scornful as | the scornful, fiery, splendid creature that fear lessly bestrode his back. An imaginative theorist might easily have discovered in tho dilating nostrils, upllinging heads, aud eyes restless with uutamablo de fiance the closo kinship of two souls before metempsychosis mado one beast and one human. She was Diana ; the horse's namo was ' Satan.' Diana loved Satan nni Satan loved Diana. It was thought that neither of thom loved any other living thing, an! it was a certainty that no othor living thitg loved oithcr of thom, Diaun pulled the roin and Sntan (topped with ono fore-foot uplifted. They looked like a ebony- stntued Centaur. Uefort them tho sun wns setting— sinking, sliding dowu n littlo nnd a little into the futbermost edge of the plain. So su:»Ty and red and so close to tho dead grass it seemed it must set it ntire. liohin'd them the blue, snow-lined wall of tho Sierras reached up to tho clouds. Tulare Lake glittered, and glowed, and burned in the red sun-rays until its many league crystnl bosom seemed struck by Borne auddeU transforming force of nature, nnd each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebony Centaur let its foot slowly to tho gro'und ; it took oU Us Blouched bat, its four eyes looked straight Into the west. A liznrd bcainpen-i away, luptiiiij; ::.e dry (jrnss with itn t^caly legs, a squirrel vanished into its hole in the ground, and a jack-rabbit paused in it* gallop, reared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquir ingly up ; its meek, surprised eyes stared aa straight al the Centaur as those of the Cen taur stared into the west. For all other sign of animated existence on the plains these might have been all that in habited them. Lower sunk the sun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tinted sprea I its glow ; the glory in the west aud the gruy in the east touched edges at the zenith. High over the dimple- glittered, glisten ing, dmmond-bosomed lake the armies of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of wuite-tieecetl clouds, in silver and ciimson and opal and gold, that rose and towered and toppled over into a Binoke girthed amber ocean. The halo of the skj slipped down to tho earth and spread over the hot ground and the brown dead .clover. It crept to the fuet of the Centaur, and 'over its blacs glossy hide, and stole into the face of the woman. The scorn, the defiance faded out of it, the hard lines of masculine force softened out of it. To meet the glow of a dead day came out the glow of a dead heart. It touched her eyes with its essence of soul, and lighted her fcatureB with the pureness ot the virtue that has chastened itself in the smelting furnace of sin. The Centaur wbb transfigured. A broad. branched oak — the only tree for miles around— stood near; a man, followed by a sheep-dog, stepped lrom behind. He made no uoise and was not seen. He was sun-burned, nnd unshorn, and roughly gar mented. There was an odd twiicuing of the muscles about his mouth, and us he watched the process of tra-isforuialion iu the woman's face, its spirit leaped into his own. Without any conscious volition he reached forth hiB hands and cried out, ' Diana.' Was it the reflection of the sunset in her cheeks, or simply returning animation, or did sue hear 7 She touched the rein and Satan bounded forward, the ebony Centaur transfiguration 110 longer. It was aguiu the splendid, scornful, defiant creature, hauug humanity and smiting the earth with con temptuous feet. Tee man with the sheep-dog looked after her a little while, tneu walked slowly away, taliing an opposite direc tion. A voice, both jest and jeer, struck his ears as he approached the duor of the enigmati cal construction burlesqued with t&e; name ot ?' House.' ' See, Bill, will ye, lookB like he was walk in' home in the shaduer of his collin, aud Sbep sneaks along like he'd been a-stealin' sheep.' Tne man, to whom the words were ad dressed, looked out, then dropped his eyes and answered in a lower tone and softer voice than the other : ' Don't joke him to-night, Brassy, he's in one of hiB bad ways. I wouldn't wen der if he'd seen that woman again. It's enough to make one think she's a ghost haunting him the way he looks after he's seen her,' 'Ha'nt be dogoned ; I'd like to have such a solid fantasmagory a ha'ntin' me. ' Stop — he'll hear you.' The one who apoKe iHjtgot up and walked out at tho back uoor tu stop the talk of the other. ' Well, I'll be golled ; if 1 was as thin skinned about other people's feelin's as some people, I'd get mc a patent outside,' mut tered Brassy. The cauBeof the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his pocketknife nnd com menced whittling. 'Shore sign,' growled Brassy, looking out as he passed back and forth, cooking supper ; ' alluz whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them tine-haired feel in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who could ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with the brino so close to his eyelids to bile murphys? Say, Bill, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anything?' Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. 'Yes, I'vo seen a ghost. Supper ready 1' ' No, bnt I've got her on a-bilin',' cheerily answered Brassy. He was a very home-made philosopher, and Archimedes would most likely have re jected the mathematics of thesoliloquy which he indulged in. ' Knock me down with a feather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recollected thnt grub hcz to be cooked, and nary one of which everforgitstofeol the symptoms of approach in' meal time. But which ever side you git on, grub's in the middle, therefore splicin' two and two, and makin' it versus a unknown quality which is grub, I find by those figger in' that grub is tho syntax of life, an' the result of the calkerlation is Brassy hez to cook it.' Brassy had to talk. If he bad not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. Tbey were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall, iloody, reserved Bill, child hearted Dainty, who had been rechristencd thus by by Brassy because of his slightness of stature nnd fastidious ways, aud the irrepres sible, philosophical, good-natured Brassy, who talked when he should have said noth ing, nnd said nothing when he should have talked, and alwsyB hit in the wreny p;ace. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on tnat territory ot range whoso boundury line was marked by its vast lonesom^ness. But in a climate where the squirrel, the owl, and tho rattle suake dwelt peacefully in the sama abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, and the men sat out side of tho cabin, two of them taking their after-supper Binoke. Tue mysterious calm of tho breezeless night had put upon them its spell of silence. Bill sat with bowed head, and whittled mechanically on a small piece of stove-wood, and Dainty held a cigarette carelessly be tween hia thnmb ami forefinger, and blew contented littlo puffs of smoke away from his mouth. Brassy tugged aud puffed at an old pipe, and watched Bill from under the rim of his hat. ' Bill,' said he, ' you ought to smoke ; it'd be a mighty comfort to you, nn' save a heap 0' good stove-wood.' Bill's only notice of the remark was to shift cuds of the stick and whittle vigor ously. Dainty moved uneasily nud gave lirassy a warning glance ; but no warning glance ever could catch Brassy's understand ing. He always maintained it was against his principles to take hints. ' Ves, suiokiu' is the most continuous com fortin' amusement I know of ; nothin' likeit to put a man in good eperrita, onless it's puttin' good sperries in a man ; an' stove wood iu this country is mighty hard to get. l'es, Bill, you ought to take to Bmokin'. It's palaces, an' diamonds, an' 'Itabian steeds to the pore man. Courso they got up in smoke, but they're his while they're goin , If you're hungry, it's a sort of soothment to the plaoe 't'i achin' for victuals. If you're alone in a howlin' wilderness it's wife, children, and i I tnciida— -they up in brno**;, £uo, but yot» have *em while Xhcy'rc ^in'; an it keep* the female ecct from ha'ntuf a lonesome bache lor.' ife looked comically at Dainty, and oadded toward Hill. Dainty puckered his brows into a Bpeahing fiown and asaed, i ' iScasiy, do you know why you are not»* like my old lunie?' j 'Dunno, 'less it's 'cause the knife shuts op [ sometimes. Ves, there's most always some I difference betwuen Jpeople and old knives ; \ nowt there's Dill^— ' Dainty jumped up and threw away hi® t cigarette. ? B iys,' said he, 'let'a take the dogs over to the river anduree a wild cat.' Drassy pocketed hid pipe immediately. ' flight, me lord, I'm yourn when it's wild caU you talk. An' if Bill wants to go, the triumvirate s agreed ; if he don't— 1 He may sigh to the winds, to the God dess Diana, Bnt his days they will end on the ielo* of St. Helena.' ' He sang the lines of the old-fashioned9 long-out- oi-date song in a most unmusical voice, nnd it might nave been the me:ody that made Bill start so suddenly that he ? overturned the stool on wbich he sat; it *''? mi^hthave been the moonlight that made him pale. Dainty hastened to interpose, with tht suggestion that if tbey were going they had better start. He eould not nave told why he thought Brassy's insinuating nonsense woald give pain to bill, or in what manner it could pain him ; he was one of those peculiar natures that know nameless things by intuition. He did not care for wild ;cat hunting, but knew prowling about'in the river bottom, trying to scare up ' vnrujints,' was one of liraisy's weuknessea. Beside, thuxe were few cliverbions to break tne monotony of the sheep* tierUers'existence* even ttiuugfc tuere were three of them, and tbey herded their own tlocks aud rode their owu hoists. It has been said jocularly of sheep*herd* ing, ! *'Jt5 takes but three months to turn the strougtKt biasn.^ — 3Ct.a-t~ring uad -a gac'J-{di;r.df.tie:irftic.r5 ? ? especially it the time were summer. Tuink ot a Luiaan being, endowea with the attri butes of divinity, set down 011 those vast plains to follow, day after day, a thousand ucad of bleating soeep — sheep are always bleating; day alter day to see the sun rise, red and sultry, to shine all day through a cloudless, cbmijjeless sky on a changeless, brown, mirage-glimmering landscape, and sink out of sight, red and sultry, at eve. To hear, night after night, the west wind— anvays tne west wind— blowing its dreary music, and the howl of the prowling coyote, night after niybt the fc&me; sounds, uay after day the Bame scenes, his companionship the lizzard and the burned-toad — always follow ing round nnd round that thousand head of bleating sheep The moon was high up in the sky when they reached the timber of the river, which was about three miles from their camp. ' Boys,' again said Dainty, ' I'm somehow sorry I asked you to come to-night ; I feel like something was going to happen, and that we ought to get out 01 here as quick as we can. 'Oh, gosh, Dainty, yonr feelin's is too close to the atmosphere. What you s'pose conld happen 1 Think Goaquiu Marietta, er Three-iiugtred Jack's a luxuriatin' in the shaddera of the underbrush, scented our money- pockets an' layin fur us, as it were ?' Bill smiled at this, it was so ridiculous, nnd Dainty Baid no more of his undefined fear. An hour, two hours, three, of tramping, and not a wild cat was amiable enough to tree and be killed, much to Brassy's dis gust. Tired out, they started home. ' Listen, don,t you hear a curious sound V' Baid Dainty. Alt of them Btoppedand listened, but only for a moment. ' Merciful God 1' Bhouted Brassy, 'run for your lives, it's the river overflowed 1' They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many stumblings. ' If we could only get to the slough fust,' p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall ot water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible Bwiftness upon them. The 1 water from the river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was useless now to try to reach the elougb, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling muffled roar was too near. They were between two floods ; ii was a moment to act without deciding. With ono accord Bill and Brassy caught Dainty and hoisted him into the forka of a large Bapling, by the side of which they Btopped, nnd scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the midst of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. Be hind them was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows; before them the slough, over which they had walked dry-footed three houra before, rolled another river, swift fiowing, muddy, ice-cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into tha chilling water, and Buonk and shivered to its topmost twig when some floating object lodged against it. Higher tose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them ; it was so cold — so cold clinging; and the nigat bo balmy and wnrm, nnd the moonlight so soft and so beautiful. ' Partners,' said Brassy, ' I reckon we're euchered this time.' 'Looks like it,' responded Bill, ' and I'm quite willing.' ' Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that was ready for rain. Course we'd hev to swing out some day, an, drownin', they say, is a easy death ; but to be urownded like a parsel of treed squirrels disagrees with me. 1 might 'a' knowed these hot days, 't's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeaat powders, 'd melt the snow an' bring down a Hood. ye-, I've lived nigh the river long enough to bo a-lookin' out fer a thing like this. An' I deserve a soakin' fer bein' so on thoughted, but I don't like to bo drownded like a miserable squir'l.' . (TO DE C0NT1SDED) ? .4 