Must be Mad. Ajteh the debates in the Assembly on Tues day and "Wednesday nights, it will be felt , " that in offering the suggestions regarding ■i political party coalitions, as they have done, surely some of the journals of Qiieens ■ land must be mad. Is it the stroke of , Providence which precedes destruction ? The public were first of all diverted with \- proposals for the construction of a double . headed. Government, and these proposals ■ not finding favour, a turn of the kaleido 'V scope, and behold Sir Thomas M'Hwraith, like a jack in the box, was made to spring ' up. and remark, "Here we are again." Sir Thomas himself we know, but the .- reasons for bringing him up again like the ghost, of Samuel we know not. The •• ground taken is that Mr. Morehead, the "• Premier, is going to England, and that it ;is disastrous for a Premier to he absent .• from the country, as witness the case of ' Sir S. W. Griffith at the Colonial Con i; tereflce; andforthebeneficialarrangeinent of appointing even a temporary Premier, : witness the case of Sir Thomas M'llwraith \- - when he went to Japan; .and that any re ' adjustment should take place when Par : liament is in recess is pronounced to be a y step fraught with the greatest con ■*- ititntional danger. All this is so like the ' 'ravings of lunacy that one hardly knows ■ whether to laugh or to weep. As to re adjusting the Cabinet when Parliament is in recess, why, that is exactly what Sir -Thomas M'llwraith did. On November ,., 30 last year he retired from the Premier n: ship.and advised the Governor to send for: , ; Mr." Morehead. The latter held office till May 22, a period of nearly six months, > before Parliament had an opportunity to ' ; express an opinion on the situation. •~7 When Parliament did'meet there was a' brief discussion, hut both Houses accepted the change, and Mr. More head has since been recognised as ■ being the Premier of the country as fully '..asever Sir Thomas Mil wraith himself „ -was. Should Mr. Morehead duringrecess resign the Premiership, and advise the ; Governor to send for some one elso, that ■ would be exactly following Sir Thomas's .steps, and .that some one else would: <": become Premier in a perfectly constitu tional way, and should the new Premier ;' ^ be-Su: Thomas M'Hwraith, his appoint ment-would be no more constitutional from; a legal point of view, whatever it -might be from a moral one, than would be . . "thehppbintment of any other person. • •: -But-the chaff about his influence in the .. Cabinet after his return, and his dis ' agreement with his colleagues over u vote of £40,000, or because they proposed to reverse the old order of asking for rail ways and loans, is easily scattered. When Sir, Thomas M'llwraith returned from -;y Japan he was asked when he intended to f ' resume theTrcasurership. Apparently the .Premiership was not offered him at the Jsame time. Possibly Mr. Morehead was ' not'tho dummy he was supposed to be ■- But Sir Thomas laughed at the idea of ' . resuming" work, however willing lie might ii have been to resume honours. He is . believ.ed not to have been unwilling to take the Premiership, with a seat in the . i.C.ouricil ; but he was, and we categori-. f cally' accuse him of having been, uh ;willing to face- the Assembly and the . country on' his . obnoxious food tariff. •Ho must- -have faced his constituency had he returned to tho Treasury; . an'd he must have faced tho Assembly. ." His.following .at that'timo might not • have-been unwilling to lick tho dust ?- at his feet; but tho electors of Brisbane ■' would havo defeated 'his return by an overwhelming majority. The public mind was much oxasperated at tho time, and tho- issue of such a. contost would ; not have been in doubt for an hour. Tho ^ suggestion that if Messrs. Morehead and_ Pattison resign, Sir .Thomas M'll i, wraith should be sont for, and that ho should again take the Premiership and ■ the Treasury, is of course.a purely party affair. But 6in'co- it emanates from' sources which a few days ago offered a totally different suggestion, is it safe to ' trust advice'from such Bources ? Inhere is only one item of consistency in these suggestions. They all contain the one con dition that Sir Thomas JI'Il wraith should be at the head of- affairs. If he cannot he left in the safe company of Sir S. "W. Griffith, then take him as he is; "any thing you like so that .you give us our own Sir Thomas." , "Well, after what " our own Sir Thomas" did for ub before 1883, and during 1888, one feels that should , he return to power, Queensland may become like the country described by a Hebrew prophet who mournfully said that "that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpillar eaten." 