"A GLASS OF WINZ, CAPTAIN " SAID SI WILFBID. An OceanR Tragedy. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. 1-a CHAPTER III.-cntinued. LAURA JWINo GS. ALL this my sight took in quickly. The men had quitted the windlass, and were making sail upon theyacht nimbly, but so quietly, even with a quality of stealth in their manner of pulling and hauling, that we could not have been a stiller ship had we been a privateersman getting under way on a dark night with a design of sur prising a rich fabric or of escaping a heavily-armed enemy. They looked a stout crew of men, attired without the uniformity that is usual in yachting com panies in these days, though the diversity of dress was not sufficiently marked to offend. I gathered that the vessel carried a mate as well as a captain, and detected him in the figure of a sturdy little fellow, with a cast in his eye and a mat of red hair under his chin, who stood betwixt the knightheads forward, staring aloft at a hand on the topsail yard. Captain Finn saluted the girl and me with a flourish of a hairy paw to his hat, but was too full of business to give us further heed. " We shall be under way very soon now, Miss Jennings," said I; "it is a strange voyage that we are undertaking." "A sad one, too," she answered. "You show a deal of courage in accom panying Wilfrid," I exclaimed. "I hesitated at first," said she, "but he seemed so sure of overtaking the Shark, and pressed me so earnestly to join him, believing that the sight of me, or that by my pleading to-to-" She faltered, flushing to the eyes, and half turned from me with such a tremulous parting of her lips to the gush of the mild reeze, which set a hundred golden fibres of her hair dancing about her ears, that I expected to see a tear upon her cheek when she looked at me afresh. I pre tended to be interested in nothingbut the movements of the men who were hoisting the mainsail. "What do you think of the voyage, Mr. Monson?" she exclaimed after a little pause, though she held her face averted as if waiting for the flush to fade out of her cheeks. "It bothers me considerably," I an swered ; " there is nothing to make heads or tails of in it that I can see." "But why ?" and now she stole a side long look at me. N "Well, first of all," I exclaimed, "I cannot imagine that there is the faintest probability of our picking up the Shark. She may be below the horizon, and we may be sailing three or four leagues apart for days at a stretch, and neither ship with the faintest suspicion of the other being close. The ocean is too big for a hunt of this sort." "But suppose we should pick her up, to use your term, Mr. ]Monson ?" "Suppose it, Miss Jennings, and add this supposition: that the gallant Colonel" -she frowned at his name, with a sweet curl of horror on her lip as she looked down-" who will long before have twigged us, declines to heave-to or have anything whatever to do with us; what then ?" "I suggested this to your cousin," she answered quickly; "it is a most natural objection to make. He answered that if the Shark refused to stop when he hailed her-that is the proper term, I know he would compel her to come to a stand by continuing to fire at her, even if it came to his sinking her, though his object would be to knock her mast down to pre vent her from sailing." I checked a smile at the expression " knock her mast down," and then caught myself running my glance round in search of any hint of ordnance of a persuasive kind; and now it was that I noticed for the first time, secured amidships of the forecastle, and comfortably housed and tarpaulined, something that my naval in Satncts were bound to promptly interpret into a lonj Tois, and of formidable calibre too, if the right sort of hint of it was to be obtained out of its swathing. I also ob served another feature that had escaped me : I mean a bow-port on either side the bowsprit-a detail of equipment so un common in a pleasure craft as to force me to the conclusion that the apertures had been quite newly cut and fitted. I uttered a low whistle, whilst I found my companion's gaze rooted upon me with the same critical attention in the spirited blue gleam of it I had before noticed. "Well " said I, taking a bit of a breath, "upon my word, though, I should not have thought he had it in him ! Yes, yonder's a remedy," I continued, nodding in the direction of the forecastle, "to cor respond with Wilfrid's intentions if he's fortunate enough to fall in with the Shark. Will she be armed, I wonder? It would then make the oddest of all peppering matches." " If the yacht escapes us, we are certain to meet with her at the Cape," said Miss Jennings. . It was idle to argue on matters of sea manship with the pretty creature. "Wilfrid has said little on the subject to me," I remarked. "He was dread fully overcome when he called to ask me to accompany him. But it is good and brave of you to enter upon this wild ex periment with a womanly and a sisterly hope of courting the fugitive back to her right and only resting- place. My cousin will receive her, then I " "He means to come between her and the consequences of her-of her folly," said she, colouring again with a flash in her eye and a steady confrontment of me, "'let the course he may afterwards make up his mind to pursue be what it will." I saw both distress and a little hint of temper in her face, and changed the sub ject. "Have you been long in England ?" "I arrived three months ago at Sher burne Abbey" (my cousin's seat in the north). "Youknow I am an Australian?" "Yes, but not through Wilfrid, of whose marriage I should have learned nothing but for hearing it talked about one day in a club. A young baronet who had met Lady Monson was loud in her praises. He described her as a wonder fully beautiful woman, but dark, with fiery Spanish eyes and raven tresses;" and here I peeped at her own soft violet stars and sunny hair. "Yes, she is beautiful, Mr. Monson," she answered sadly, "toobeautifulindeed. Her face has proved a fatal gift to her. What madness I" she exclaimed, whis pering her words almost. "And never was there a more devoted husband than Wilfrid. And her baby-the little lamb ! Oh, how could she do it I! how could she do it l " "With whom has the child been placed 7 " said I. "With a cousin, Mrs. Trevcr." "Oh, I know, a dear good creature: the bairn will be in excellent hands." "Sir Wilfrid was too affectionate, Mr. Monson. You known," she continued, looking at me sideways, her face very grave, "if you have ceased to love or to like a person, your aversion will grow in proportion as he grows fond of you. It is not true, Mr. Monson, that love begets love. No; if it were true, my sister would be the happiest of women." "Have you met Colonel Hope-Ken nedy i" "'Oh yes, often and often. He was a very constant visitor at Sherburne Abbey." " Pretty good-looking ?" "Tall, very gentlemanly, not by any means handsome to my taste, but I have no doubt many women would think him so." "The name is familiar to me, but I never met the man. Did he live in the north i" "No; whenever he came to Sherburne Abbey he was your cousin's guest." Phew ! thought I. "And, of course," I said, willing to pursue the subject afresh, since it did not seem now to em barrass her to refer to it, whilst I was curious to learn as much of the story as could be got, "my cousin had no suspicion of the scoundrelism of the man he was entertaining." "No, nor is he to be blamed. He is a gentlemen, Mr. Monson, and, like all fine, generous, amiable natures, very, very slow to distrust persons whom he has honoured with his friendship. When he came to me with the news that Henriettahad left him I believed he had gone utterly mad, knowing him to be just a little "--sho hesitated, and ran her eyes over my face as though positively she haltad merely to the notion that perhaps I was a trifle gone, too; and then, clasping her hand before her, and hanging her head so as to look as if she was speaking with her eyes closed, she went on: "I was much with Henrietta, and often when Colonel Hope Kennedy was present. I had riddenwith them, had watched them whilst they played billiards-a game my sister was very fond of--observed them at the piano when she was singing and he turning the music, orwhen she accompanied him in a song; he sang well. But-it might be, it is true, because I was as unsuspicious as Wilfrid--yet I declare, Mr. Monson, that I never witnessed even so much as a look exchanged between them of a kind to excite a moment's uneasiness. No ! Wil frid cannot be charged with blindness; the acting was as exquisite as the object was detestable." And she flushed up again, half turning from me with a stride towards the rail and a wandering look at the green country, which I accepted as a hint that she wished the subject to drop. The yacht was now.under way. They had catted, and were fishing the anchor forwards; I noticed that the man I had taken to be the mate had arrived aft and was at the wheel The vessel's head was pointing fair for the Solent, and already you heard a faint crackling sound like a delicate rending of satin rising from under the bows, though there was so little weight in the draught of air that the Bride floated without the least perceptible list or inclination spite of all plain sail being upon her, with the exception of the top gallant sail. "Fairly started at last, Miss Jennings," said I. She glanced round hastily as though disturbed in an absorbing reverie, smiled, and then looked sad enough to weep, all in a breath. Well, it was a solemn moment for her, I must say. She had her maid with her, it is true; but she was the only lady on board. There was none of her own quality with whom she could talk apart-no other woman to keep her in countenance, so to speak, with the sympathy of presence and sex; she was bound on a trip of which no mortal man could have dated the termin ation-an adventure that might carry her all about the world for aught she knew, for, since she was fully conscious of the very variable weather of my cousin's mind, to use the old phrase, she would needs be too shrewd not to conjecture that many wild and surprising things were quite likely to happen whilst the power of directing the movements of the yacht remained his. And then again she was in quest of her sister, without a higher hope to support her than a fancy-that was the merest dream to my mind, when I thought of the little baby the woman had left behind her, to any nothing of her husband-that her passionate entreaties backing Wilfrid's appeals might coax her ladyslhip to quit the side of the gallant figure she had run away with. Just then the merry silver tinkling of a bell smartly rung sounded through the open skylight, and at the same moment the form of a neat and comely young wonmn' arose in the companion hatch. " What is it Graham?" inquired Miss Jennings. "The first dinner-bell, Miss. The second will ring at the half-hour." The girl pulled out a watch of the size of a thumbnail and exclaimed, "It is already five o'clock, Mr. Monson. It cannot be a whole hour since you arrived I! I hope the time will pass as quickly when we are at sea." She lingered a moment gazing shore wards, sheltering her eyes sailor-fashion with an ungloved hand of milk-white softness, on which sparkled a gem or two; then, giving me a ilight bow, she went to the companion and stepped down the lad der with the grace and ease of a creature floating on wings. Ho, ho! thought I, she will have her sea legs anyhow; no need therefore, Master Charles, to be too officious with your hand and arm when the hour of tumblefication comes. But that she was likely to prove a good sailoi was a reasonable conjecture, seeing'that she was comparatively fresh froin probably a four month's passage from Melbourne: I followed her after a short interval, and then to the summons of the second dinner bell entered the cabin. The equipment of the table rendered festal the sumptuous furniture of this interior with the sparkle of silver and crystal, and the dyes of wines blending with the central show of rich flowers. The western sunshine lay upon the skylight, and the atmosphere was ruddy with it. One is apt to be curious when in novel situations, and I must cgn fess that yachting in such a craft as this was something very new to me, not to speak of the uncommon character one's experiences at the onset would take from the motive and conditions of the voyage; and this will prove my apology for saying that, whilst I stood waiting for Wilfrid and his sister- in-law to arrive, I bestowed more attention, furtive as it might be, upon the two stewards and my cousin's man than I should have thought of obliging them with ashore. The stewards were commonplace enough, a pair of trim built fellows, the head one's face hard with that habitual air of solicitude which comes at sea to a man whose duties lie amongst crockery and bills of fare, .and whose leisure is often devoted to dark and mysterious altercations with the cook; the second steward was noticeable for nothing but a large strawberry mark on his left cheek;. but Wilfrid's man was worth a stare. I had no recollection of him, and consequently he must have been taken into my cousin's service since I was last at the Abbey, as we used to call it. He had the appearance of a man who had been bred to the business of a mute, a lanthorn- jawed, yellow, hollow-eyed per son whose age might have been five-and twenty or five-and-forty; hair as black as coal, glossy as grease brushed fiat to the tenacity of sticking-plaster, and fitting his egg-shaped skull like a wig. He was dressed in black, his trousers a little short and somewhat tight at the ankles, where they revealed a pair of white socks bulging with a hint of gout over the sides of a pair of pumps. He stood behind the chair that Wilfrid would take with his hands reverentially clasped upon his waist coat, his whole posture indicative of humility and resignation. Nothing could be more in harmony with the melancholy nature of our expedition than this fellow's countenance. Miss Jennings arrived and took her place; she was followed by my cousin, who walked to the table with the gait of a I person following a coffin. This sort of thing, thought I, must be suffered for a day or two, but afterwards, if the air is not to be cleared by a rousing laugh, it I won't be for lack of any effort on my part to tune up my pipes. CHAPTER IV. IN THE SOLENT. THE dinner was exquisitely cooked, and as perfectly ordered a repast as the most fastidious could devise or desire; but very little was said, mainly, I suspect, because our thoughts were filled with the one sub ject we could not refer to whilst the atten dants hung about us. What fell was the merest commonplace, but I noticed that whilst Wilfrid ate little he offered no objection to the frequent replenishing of his glass with champagne by the melan. choly chap who stood behind him. By and by we found ourselves alone. "That is very honest port; you need not be afraid of it, Charles," said my cousin. "Do you understand gunnery?" "I believe I could load a piece and point it," said I, smiling, "but beyond that--" "Have you seen the gun on the fore castle ?" "Just the outline of a cannon," I an swered, "under a smother of tarpaulin. What is called a long Tom, I think." "You will have guessed the object of my mounting it? " said he, with a frown darkening his face to one of those angry moods which would sweep athwart his mind like the deep but flitting shadows of squall clouds over a gloomy sky sullen with the complexion of storm. "Yes; Miss Jennings explained." I answered, glancing at her and meeting her eye, in which I seemed to find the faintest hint of rebuke, as though she feared I might be laughing in my sleeve. "What's the calibre, Wilfrid?" " Eighteen pounds," he answered. "An eighteen pounder, eh ! That should bring the Shark's spars about their ears, though. Let me think: the range of an eighteen pounder will be, at an elevation of five degrees, a little over a mile." "If," cried my cousin-lifting his hand as though to smite the table, then bring ing his clenched fist softly down, mani festly checked in some hot impetuous impulse by the sense of the presence of the girl, who regarded him with a face as serious as though she were listening to a favourite preacher-&" if," he repeated, sobering his voice with the drooping of his arms, "we succeed in overhauling the Shark, and they refuse to heave her to, my purpose is to wreck her aloft, and then, should they show fight, to continue firing at her until I sink her." There was a vicious expression in his eyes as he said this, to which the peculiar indescribable trembling or quivering of the lids imparted a singular air of cunning. "Is the Shark armed, do you know?" said I. "She carries a couple of mall brass pieces, I believe, for purposes of signal ling. Pop-guns," said he, contemptuously. "But I.fancy she has an armoury of her own. Lord Winterton was constantly cruising north on shooting excursions, and it is quite likely that he let the weapons which belong to him with the yacht." "If Colonel Hope - Kennedy's pro granune," said I, "includes a ramble amongst the South Sea Islands, you may reckon upon his having equipped himself with small arms and powder enough, if only with an eye to nmi-eating rogues. But to revert to your lon Tom, Wilfrid. It should not be haurd to sk a yacht with such a piece; but yos are not for murder ijg your wife, my dear fellow " No, no," said he slowly, and speak ing to me, though he kept his eyes tired upon his sister-in-law, "have no fear of that. It is I that am the murdered man." He pressed his hand to his heart. "Rather put it thus: that when they find their voessel hulled and sinking they will get their boats over and be very wil ling to be picked up by us." " But your round shot may knock their boats into staves," said I, "and what then " "Our own boats will be at hand to rescue them," said he, now looking at me full with an expression of relish of the argument. "But, my dear Wilfrid," said I, "don't you know that when a craft founders she has a trick of drowning moat of the people aboard her, and amongst the few sur vivors, d'ye see, who contrived to sup port themselves by whatever lay floating might not be Lady Monson I" He took a deep breath, and said, so slowly that he seemed to articulate with difficulty, "Be it so. I have made up my mind. If we overhaul the Shark and she declines to heave to, I shall fire into her. The blood of whatever follows will be upon their heads. This has been forced upon me; it is none of my seek ing. I do not mean that Colonel Hope Kennedy shall posses my wife, and I will take her from him alive if possible; but rest assured I am not to be hindered from separating them though her death should be the consequence." Miss Jennings clasped her fingers upon her forehead and sat motionless, looking down. For a little I was both starled and bewildered ; one moment he talked as though his wish was that his wife should not be harmed, and the next, in some concealed convulsion of wrath, he be trayed a far blasker resolution than ever I could have imagined him capable of. Yet in the brief silence that followed I had time to rid myself of my little fit or consternation by considering, first of all, that he was now talking just as, according to my notion, he was acting-insanely; next, that it was athousand to one against 1 our falling in with the yacht ; and again, supposing we came up with her, it was not very probable that the crew of the Bride could be tempted, even by heavy bribes, into a measure that might put them in jeopardy of their necks or their liberty. It was now dark, and the cabin lamps had been for some time lighted. The evening looked black against the portholes and the skylight, but the cheerfulness and I beauty of the cabin was greatly heigh tened by the sparkling of the oil-flames in i the mirrors, the swing-trays, the glads-like surface of the bulkheads, and so on. Miss Laura's golden loveliness-do not laugh at my poor nautical attempts to put this A amber- coloured, violet-eyed woman before 1 you-showed, as one may well suppose of such a complexion and tints, incomparably 1 perfect, I thought, in the soft though rich radiance diffused by the burning sperm. I wondered that she should listen so pas sively to Wilfrid's confession of his inten tions should we overhaul the .hark. My gaze went to her as he concluded that lttle speech I have just set down ; but I witnessed no alteration in as much of her face as was visible, nor any stir, as of one startled or shocked, in her posture. Pos sibly she did not master all the signifi cance of his words ; for how should a girl realise the full meaning of plumping round i shot out'of an eighteen- pounder into a vessel till she was made a sieve of i Or it might be that she was of my mind in re garding the expedition as a lunatic under. taking, and in suspecting that a few weeks of this ocean hunt would sicken Wilfrid of his determination to chase the Shark round the world. Or mingled with these fancies, besides, their might be enough of. violent resentment against her sister, of grief, pain, shame, to enable her to listen with an unmoved countenance to fiercer and wilder menaces than Wilfrid had as yet delivered himself of. These thoughts occupied my mind during the short spell of silence that followed my cousin's speech. He sud denly rang a little handbell, and his melancholy servant came sliding up to him out of the after cabin. "Tell Captain Finn I wish to see him \- that is, if he can leave the deck." The fellow mounted the steps. " What is the name of that gloomy looking man of yours, Wilfrid I" " Muflin," he answered. " Have I not seen somebody wonder fully like him," said I, "holding on with drunken gravity to the top of a hearse trotting home from the last public-house along the road from the graveyard " Miss Laura laughed; and there was a girlish freshness and arch cordiality in her laughter that must have put me into a good humour, I think, had it been my wife instead of Wilfrid's that Colonel Hope Kennedy was sailing away with. "Maybe, Charles, maybe," he answered, with a dull smile ; "he may have been an undertaker's man for all I know; though I doubt it, because I had him from Lord \- with a five years' character, every word of which has proved true. But I knew you would have your joke. The fellow fits my temper to a hair; he has a hearse-like face I admit ; but then he is the quietest man in the world-a very ghost; summon him, and if he shaped himself out of thin air he couldn't appear at your -elbow more noiselessly: That's his main- recommendation to me. Any kind of noise now 1 find distracting ; even music- Laura will tell you that I'll run a mile to escape the sound of a piano." At this moment a pair of pilot breeches showed themselves in the companion-way, and down came Captain Finn. As he stood, hat in hand, soberly clothed with nothing more jimcrackin the way of finery upon him than a row of brass waistcoat buttons, I thought he looked a very proper, sailorly sort of man. There was no lack of intelligence in his eyes, which protruded, as from a long habit of staring too eagerly to windward and trying to see into the inside of gales of wind. He was remarkable, however, for a face that was out of all proportion too long, not for the width of his head only, but for his body; whilst his legs, on the other hand, were as much too short, so that he submitted himself as a person whose capacity of growth had been experimentally distri buted, insomuch that his legs appeared to have comine to a full stop when he was still a youth, whilst in his face the active prin ciples of elongation had continued labo rious until long after the term when nature should have made an end. S" glass of wine, captain " said Sir Wilfrid. "Thank your honour. Need makes the old wife trot, they say, and I feel a-dry-I feel a-dry." " Put your hat down and sit, Finn. I want you to give my cousin, Mlr.Monson, your views respecting this-this voyage. But first, where are we ?" "Why," answered the captain, balan. cing the wine-glass awkwardly betwixt a thumb and a forefinger, that resembled nothing so much as a brace of stumpy carrots, whilst be directed a nervous look from WVilfred tome and on to Miss Laura, as though he would have us observe that he addressed us generally; "there's Yarmouth lights opening down over the port bow, and I reckon to be clear of the Solent by about three bells-half-past nine o'clock." "The navigation hereabouts," said I, "needs a bright look-out. The captain may not thank us for calling him below." "Lord love 'ee, Mr. Monson, sir," he answered, "the mate, Jacob Crimp, him with the one eye slewed-if so be as you've noticed the man, sir--he's at the helm, and I'd trust him for any inshore navigation, from the Good'ens to the Start, blindfolded. Why, he knows his soundings by the smell of the mud." "How is the weather ?" inquired my cousin. " Fine, clear night, sir ; the stars plen tiful and the moon arising; the wind's drawed a bit norradly, and's briskening at th?,i; yet it keeps a draught, with nothing nrtkeablei fi the shape of weight in it. Well, your honour, and you, Mr. Monson, sir, and you, my lady, all I'm sure I can say, is, here's luck," and down went the wine. "Captain," said Sir Wilfrid, "oblige me by giving Mr. Monson your views of the chase we have started upon." . Finn put down the wine-glass and dried his lips on a pocket handkerchief of the size of a small ensign. "Well," he began with a nervous un easy twisting about of his legs and feet, "my views this: Fidler isn't likely to take any other road to the Cape than the one that's followed by the Indiemen. Now," said he laying a forefinger in the palm of his big hand, yellow still with ancient stains of tar, whilst Wilfrid watched him in his near-sighted way, leaning forward in the posture of one ab sorbed by what is said; "you may take that there road as skirting the Bay o' Biscay and striking the latitude of forty at about fifteen degrees east ; then a south by west half west course for the Canaries ; the Equator to be cut at twenty-five degrees west, and a straight course for Trinidad to follow with a clean brace up to the South East trades. What d'ye think, sir I" "Oh, 'tis about the road, no doubt," said I, for whatever might have been my thoughts, I had no intention to drop a discouraging syllable then before Finn in my cousin's hearing. "But," said the captain, eyeing me nervously and anxiously, "if so be as we should have the luck to fall into that there Shark's wake, you know, we shan't need to trouble ourselves with the course to the Cape south of the equator." "Of course not," exclaimed Sir Wilfrid. "By which I mean to say continued the captain, giving his back hair a pull as though it were some bell-rope with which he desired to ring up the invention or imagination that lan drowsy in his brain, " that if we aren t on to the Shark this side the Line it'll be better for us to tarn to and make up our mind to crack on all for Table Bay to be there afore her, without further troubling ourselves about her heaving in sight, though, of course, the same bright look-out '11 be kept." "Good," said Wilfrid with a heavy emphaticnod ; "that's not to be bettered, I think, Charles." "I suppose," said I, addressing Finn, "that, though your hope will be to pick up the Sha?k any day after a given period, and though you'll follow the scent of her as closely as your conjecture of Fidler's navigation will admit, you will still go on sweating-- pray pardon this word in its sea sense, Miss Jennings-your craft as though the one business of the expedi tion was to make the swiftest possible passage to the cape of Good Hope i" "Ay, never sparing a cloth, sir, and she's something to jockey, Mr. Monson. You don't know her yet, sir." " The Shark's a fore-and- aft schoonerl" "Yes," he answered. "She carries a square sail, no doubt?" "Ay, a big 'un, but good only for running, and we ain't without that canvas, too, you must know," he added with the twinkle of humour in his gaze that I had observed in him when Wilfrid had first made him known to me. "Enough of it, Mr. Monson, to hold wind to serve a Dutchman for a- week, not to mention a torps' and t'gallants'1 fit for a line-o' battle ship to ratch under." This was vague 'talk, but it pleased Wilfrid. "Square yards are very well," said I; "but surely they don't allow a vessel to look up to it as though her canvas was fore and aft only ? I merely ask for in formation. My marine experiences were limited to square rigs." " There's nothen to prevent the Bride from looking up to it as close as the Shark," answered Finn. "The yards 'll lie fore and aft; what's to hinder them? There ain't no spread, sir, like what you get in ships with your futtock rigging and backstays and shrouds in the road of the slings elbowing their way to channels big enough for a ball-room. Besides," he added, "suppose it should be a matter of a quarter of a pint's difference, we need but stow the square cloths, and then we -ain't no worse off than the Shark." "True," said I, thinking more of Miss Jennings than of what Finn was saying : so perfect a picture of girlish beauty did she happen to be at that instant as she leaned on her elbow, supporting her chin with a small white hand, her form in a posture that left one side of her face in shadow, whilst the other side lay bright, golden, and soft in the lamplight over the table. She was listening with charming gravity, and a countenance of sympathy whose tenderness was unim paired by an appearnce of attention that I could not doit was ust a little forced, since our sailor talk could not but be Greek to her. Besides, at intervals, there was a lift of the white lid, a gleam of the violet eye, which was like assuring one that thought was kept in the direction of our conversation only by constraint. I was beginning to feel the want of a cigar, and I had been sitting long enough now to make me pine for a few turns on deck, but I durst not be abrupt in the face of my cousin's devouring stare at his skipper and the pathetic spectacle of the contending passions m him as he hearkened, now nodding, now gloomily smiling, now lying back on a sudden with a frown which he made as if to smooth out by pressing his hand to his brow. "The Shark," said I, "has five days' start of us. Give her hundred miles a day for the mere sake of argument; she shoud be, at that, well in the heart of the bay." "By heaven! within arm's length of us, when you put it so " cried Wifrid extending his hand in a wild, darting, irrelevant gesture, and closing his fingers with a snap as though upon some phantom throat he had seen and thought to clutch. "Five hundred miles," exclaimed Finn, apparently giving no heed to the baronet's action. "V Well, sir, as a bit of suppo ing, there's no harm in it. It mi?h be more. Ishould allow less. There been no weight of wind down ChanneL What's happened, then, to blow her along ? But there's no telling Anyhow," said he, picking up his cap and rising, "there's nothing in five hundred miles, no, nor in a thousand, to make us anxious with such a race-course as lies afore us. 'Tain't as if we'd got to to catch the craft before she'd made Madeira." He paused, looking a little irresolute, and then said, addres sing Wilfrid, "I don't know if there's anything more your honour would like to ask of me?" "No, not for the moment," answered my cousin dully, with the air of a man languid with a sudden sense of weariness or exhaustion following some internal fiery perturbation ; "it is just this, Finn. Mr. Monson served in the Royal Navy for a few years, and I was anxious that he should be at once made acquainted with your views so that he and you could combine your experiences. You have chased in your time, Charles, no doubt " "Not- very. often, and then always "something that was in sight," I answered with a slight glance at Finn, whose gaze instantly fell whilst he exclaimed: "Well, sir, any suggestion you can make I'll be mighty thankful to receive. But it'll be all plain sailing, I don't doubt; it'll be all plain sailing," he repeated, rumbling out the words in a stifled hurri cane note, and, giving us a bow, he went up the steps. Wilfrid gazed at me vacantly when I proposed a cigar on deck. "What do you think of Finn?" he asked. "He seems as honest a man and as practical a seaman as needs be. But he has had command of this yacht since you bought her ?" He nodded. "Well, then, of course you know all about him. He has clearly been a merchant Jack in his day, and has all necessary experience, I daresay, to qualify him for this charge. But, I say, Wilfrid, let us go on deck, my dear fellow. Miss Jennings, I am sure, will not object to the scent of a cigar in the open air." "Nor down here either," she ex claimed. "I shall remember that," said I grate fully. "Now, Wilfrid, won't you- ?" "No," he interrupted; " I am drowsy, and thank Heaven for a sensation that threatens to become a novelty. If I get no rest to-night it will be my eighth of sleeplessness, and I must humour myself ; yes, I must humour myself," he repeated, talking in a sort of muttering way, and rising. I advised him by all means to with draw if he really felt tired, and further recommended a boatswain's caulker of whiskey to top off the champagne and port he had been swallowing. "How will you amuse yourself, Laura?" he exclaimed, turning to her. "It will be dull work for you, I fear." "No, no," cried I blithely, "why need Miss Jennings be dull? It must be our business to keep her lively." "I can sit and read here," said she, "till it is time to go to bed. What is the hour, Mr. Monson ?" "Just on the stroke of eight," said I. She made a pretty little grimace, and then burst into one of her refreshing cordial laughs. "A little early for bed, Wilfrid," she exclaimed. He smothered a yawn and responded: "I will leave you to Charles. Would to heaven I had his spirits. God bless you both-good night. He rang for his valet and stalked with hanging arms. and drooping head, in the most melancholic manner picturable, to his cabin. I asked Miss Jennings to accompany me on deck. "There is a moon in the air," said I; "you may see the haze of it through this porthole; but I must not forget that it is an autumn night, so let me beg you to wrap yourself up warmly whilst I slip on a pea- coat." I fancied she hung in the wind an in stant, as a girl might who could not promptly see her way to walking the deck' of a yacht alone with a young man on a moonlight or any other night, but she assented so quickly in reality that I dare say mysuspicionwas an idle and groundless bit of sensitiveness. Five minutes later we were on deck together. The yacht was floating through the dusk -that was tinctured into glimmering pearl by the broad face of silver moon which had already climbed several de grees above the black sky-line of the Isle of Wight-without the least perceptible stir. or tremor in her frame. The wind was well abaft the starboard beam; the great main boom overhung the port quarter; the white sail rose wan to the moonshine with a large gaff topsail above it-for those were the days of gaffs-dim ming into a space of airy faintness to the masthead, above the white button of whose truck you caught the icy gleam of a metal vane as though it was a piece of meteoric scoring under the dust of the stars that hovered in the velvet gloom like a sheet of undulating silver gloom ing out into hollows in places. Light as thebreeze was, and following us besides, it held the canvas asleep ; but that every cloud-like cloth was doing its work, too, the ear quickly noted in the pleasant fountain-like sounds of running waters over the side, with a cool seething noise in the wake and a fairy tinkling of ex ploding foam-bells. The land to port loomed black against the moonshine, save where some slope or other catching the slanting beam showed the faint green of its herbage or wooded growths in a very phantasm of hue, like some verdant stretch of land dyeing an attenuated veil of vapour witnessed afar upon the ocean. Over the port how I caught sight of a light or twom long way down the dusky reach, as it seemed, witha brighter gleam to starboard where the land, catching the moonlight, came in visionary streaks and breaks to abeam and on passed the quar ter where it seemed to melt out into some twinkling .beacon - off Calshot Castle, maybe, so far astern it looked. I spied the sturdy figure of the mate standming beside the wheel, no longer steering, but manifestly conning the yacht. The skipper was abreast of the skylight, leaning over the rail with his arm round a backstay; there were figures moving for ward tipping the gloom there with the scarlet points of glowing bowls of tobacco, but if they conversed it was in whispers. The stillness Mwas scarce imaginable. It was heightened yet even to my fancy presently when, growing used to the light I spied the phantom figure of what was apparently a large brig clouded to her royals with pale canvas stemming the Solent outward bound some half a mile distant. "There is no dew," said I; "the moon shines purely, and is full of promise so far as fine weather goes. Well I here we are fairly started indeed. It isalmostadream to me, Miss Jennings, d'ye know?" I continued, staring about me. "Three days ago I had no notice of anything having gone wrong with my cousin, and therefore little dreamt, as you will sup pose, of wlhat I was to enter upon this blessed afternoon. Three days ago I And now here am I heading into God knows what part of this mighty globe of oceans as empty of all theory of destination as tkough I were bound in a balloon to the part the poets call intersteller space. ow is it all to end, I wonder i" She was pacing quietly by my side. "You think the pursuit a silly one, Mr. Monson?" "Yes, I do, and Wilfrid knows that I do. If he were not- he is my cousin, Miss Jennings, and a dear friend, and you are his sister-in-law and dear to him, too, I am sure, and so I dare to be candid with you-if it were not that he-" I touched my forehead : "would he embark on such a quest as this ?" "Yes," she replied, with just enough of heat or temper, or whatever you like to call it,.in her voice to render her utterance distinct with unconscious emphasis. " He adored his wife. Can a man tear his love into pieces in a day, as though it were no more than a Itedious old letter? He thinks he hates her ; he does so in a sense, no doubt; but in a sense, too, he'still wor ships her. Mad! that is what you mean." I was beginning to protest. " Yes, it is what you mean, and you are right and wrong. If he does not pursue her, if he does not recover her, she is lost for ever ; she is lost now, you will tell me. Ay," she cried with a little stamp, "lost so far as her husband's heart goes, so far as her honour is concerned; but not so utterly lost as she will later be if she is not rescued from that-that man, who must be so served, Mr. Monson, as to render it impossible for him ever again to trouble the. peace of another home, to break the heart of a noble-minded creature and rob a little infant of its mother. Hate him! Oh, girl as I am, I declare before my Maker I would shoot him with my own hand I " There was nothing in the least degree theatrical in her way of speaking. The words came in a hurry to her lips from her indignant heart, and I heard the sin cerity of them so clearly in the mere utterance, I did not doubt for an instant that, put a pistol in her hand and set up the figure of the colonel in front of her, she would have sought for his heart, if he had one, with the barrel of the weapon without somuch as a sigh at having to kill him. I felt abashed; her sincerity and resentment were overwhelming; her strength of feeling, too, won a peculiar accentuation from the character of airy delicacy, of tender fragility, the moon light gave to her fair and golden beauty. It was like listening to a volume of sounds poured forth by a singing bird, and won dering that such far-reaching melody should be produced by so small a creature. "I fear," said I, "you don't think me very sincere in my sympathy with Wilfrid-" "Oh, yes, Mr. Monson," she inter rupted; " do not suppose such a thing. It is not to be imagined that you should take this cruel and miserable affair to heart as he does, or feel it as I do, who am her sister." "The truth is," said I, "it is impos sible for a bachelor not to take a cynical view of troubles of this sort. A man was charged with the murder of his sweet heart. The judge said to him, 'Had the woman been your wife, your guilt would not have been so great, because you would have no other means of getting rid of her save by killing her; but the unhappy creature whose throat you cut you could have sent adrift without trouble.' What I mean to say is, Miss Jennings, that a husband does not merit half the pity that is felt for him if his wife elopes. He is easily quit of a woman who is his wife only by name. I am for pitying her. The inevitable sequel, the disgrace, desertion, and the rest of it is as punctual as the indications of the hand of a clock . But see how nimbly the Bride floats through all this darkness and quietude. We shall be passing that vessel shortly, and yet for canvas she might really be one of the pyramids of Egypt towing d-own Channel." SWe went to the rail fo look, I, for one, glad enough to change the subject, for it was nothing less than profanity to be arguing with so sweet a little woman as this--n the pure white shining of the moon, too, and with something of an ocean freshness of atmosphere allabout us -on such a gangrenous subject as the elopement of Lady Monson with Colonel Hope- Kennedy. Out of all my sea-going experiences I could not pick a fairer picture than was made by the brig we were passing, clad as she was in moonlight, and rising in steam-coloured spaces to mere films of royals motionless under the stars. She-was a man-of-war; the white of her broad band, that was broken by black ports, gleamed like the ivory. of pianoforte keys; her canvas was exqui sitely cut and set, and trimmed as naval men know how-one yardarm looking backwards a little over another, the rounded silent cloths, faint in the radiance with a gleam as of alabaster showing through a delicate haze, and high aloft the tremor of a pennant like the expiring trail of a shooting star. All was as hushed as death upon her; her high bulwarks con cealed her decks; nothing was to be seen stirring along the whole length of the shapely, beautiful, visionary fabric that, as we left her slowly veering away upon our quarter, looked to lose the substance of her form, as though through the gradual absorption of the light her own white canvas made by the clear and icy radiance of the soaring moon. "To think now," said I, "of the thunder of adamantine lips concealed within the silence of that heap of swim ming faintness I How amazing the change from the exquisite repose she suggests to the fierce crimson blaze and headlong detonations of a broadside flashing up the dark land and dying out miles away in a sullen roar. But d'ye know, Miss Jen nings, I shall grow poetical if I do not light another cigar. Women should en courage men to smoke. Nothing keeps them quieter." We exchanged a few words with Cap tain Finn, who, together with the mate, was keeping a brighst look- out, and then resumed our walk, and, in a quiet chat that was ended only by a small bell on the forecastle announcing the hour of ten by four chimes, Miss Laura gave me the story of -may cousin's introduction into her family, described the marriage, talked to me about Melbourne and her home there, with more to the same purpose, all very interesting to me, though it would make the merest parish gossip in print. Her motherwas dead; her fatherwas a hearty man of sixty who had emigrated years before indire poverty, "as youwill sup pose," said she, "when I tell you that he was the son of a dissenting minister who had a family of twelve children, and who died without leaving money enough to pay for his funeral." Mr. Jennings had made a fortune by squatting, but he had lost a considerable sum within the past few years by stupid speculation, and as Miss Laura said this I could see, by hearing her (to use a Paddyism), the pout of her lip; for, bright as the moonlight was, the silver of it blended with the golden tint of her hair without defining any feature of her clearly, saving her eyes, in which tihe beam of the planes would sparkle like a diamond whenever she raised them to my face. She told me her father was very proud that his daughter should become a lady of title, and yet he opposed the marriage, too. In short, he saw that Wilfrid's mind was not as sound as it should be, though he never could point to any act or speech to justify his migivings. But this was intel ligible enough; for, to speak of my cousin as I remembered him in earlier times, the notion you got that he was not straight headed, as I have before said, was from his face, and the suspicion lay but dully in one, so rational was his behaviour, so polished and often intellectual his talk, till on a sudden it was sharpened into conviction on your hearing that there was insanity in his mother's family. "What had Lady Monson to say to your father's misgivings I" I inquired. "She accepted him, and insisted upon marrying him. He was wonderfiilly foidld" of her, Mr. Monson." "And she?" I saw her give her head a little shake, but she made no reply. Perhaps she con sidered that this trip we had started on sufficiently answered the question. She said, after a brief pause, "I myself thought my father a great deal too critical in his estimate of Sir Wilfrid. No one talked more delightfully than your cousin. He was a favourite with everybody whom he met at Melbourne. He was fresh from his travels, and was full of entertaining stories and shrewd observations; and then, again, he had much to say about European capitals, of English university life, of English society--you will not need me to tell you that we colonials have little weaknesses in regard to lords and ladies and to the doings of high life, from whlich people inEngland arequite exempt, anid for the having which I fear we are slightly sneered at and a good deal wondered at. I caught the sparkle of her lifted eye. "And pray, Miss Jennings," said I, "what would your papa think if he were to know that you had embarked on what, I must still take the liberty of calling, a very queer voyage ?" "Oh,' she cried quickly and almost hysterically, "don't ask me what he would think of what I am doing ! What will be his thoughts when he gets the news of what Henrietta has done ?" She turned her head away from me, and kept it averted long enough to make me suspect that there was a tear in her eye. It was then that a sailor forward struck the forecastle bell four times. "Teno'clock " she exclained,knowing as an ocean traveller how to interpret sea time. "Good night, Mr. Monson." I handed her down the companion- steps, and went to my own cabin, and was pre sently in my bunk. But it was after seven bells, half-past eleven, before 1 fell asleep. The breeze had freshened; had drawn apparently more yet to the northward, and the yacht having hauled it a bit now that we were out of the Solent, was leaning over a trifle with a sputtering and frisky snapping of froth along her bends and a quiet moaning sounding down into her heart out of the hollows of her canvas, whilst an occasional creak breaking from one knew not what part of the structure, hinted at a taut drag of tacks and sheets, though there was no motion in the water over whose surface our keel elided as steadily as a sleigh over a snow-covered plain. It was one thing on top of another, I suppose; the fancies put into me by the oddness of this adventure; the memory of the long gun forward; Wilfrid's tragic intentions, the darker to my mind because it was so easy for me to see how grief, wrath, a sense of dishonour, bitter injury, with impulses not imaginable by me which every recurrence to the motherless little baby at home would visit him with, had quickened in him of late the deadly seminal principle that circulated in his blood. Then again, there was Miss Laura's beauty, if beauty be the proper term to express a combination of physical charms which a brief felicitous sentence like a single line from some old poet would better.convey than fifty pages of description; her conversation; her sym pathy with the motive of this trip; her apparent heedlessness as to the time to be occupied by it; her indifference as to the magnitude of the programme that Wilfrid's resolution to recover his wife might end in framing if Table Bay should prove but a starting point-I say it was one thing on top of another ; and all reflections and considerations being rendered acute by the spirit of life one now felt in the yacht, and that awakened the most dormant or puzzled faculty to the perception that it was all grim, downright eathest, small wonder that I should have lin awake until half- past eleven. Inde d, that I should have snatched a wisik of sleep that first blessed night is a r~ystery only to be partially resolved by reflooting that I was young, heedless, "unencucrrered" as they say, a lover of adventure, and in no sense dissatisfied by the company I found myself among. (To be continued.) 