A Hardy Norseman. BY EDNA LYALL, Anther Days,: of " Dantn/itK," "Knight-hi-ranl," " Two," & " CHAPTER XVIIcontinued. FOR the next day or. two Frithiof realised little. To the surprise -and delight of ail he slept almost incessantly ' waking only to take food, to make sure that Sigrid was; with him, "and to enjoy a delicious sense of ease, arid relief.: - " lie is out of the wood now," said Dr. Morris, cheerfully. "You came just in time, Miss.Falck. But I will give you • one piece of advice; if possible, stay in England ana make your.home with him; . He ouste Wot to be so much :ilonc:" " You lliink that he may have such an Uttack again ?•" asked Signd, wistfully. K No, I don't say that at all. He has a wonderful constitution, and there is no reason why he should ever break down again. But he is more likely to get depressed if he is alone, and you will be able to prevent his life from growing too monotonous." So as she lived through those quiet days in the sick-room, Sigrid racked her brain Vo think of some way of making money, and searched, as so many women have done before her, the columns of the newspapers, and made fruitless inquiries and wasted both time and money in the attempt. One day, Roy, coming in at: his usual hour in the morning to relieve guard, brought her a fat envelope which he had found waiting for her in the hall She opened it eagerly, and made a little exclamation of disappointment and vexation. " Anything wrong ? " he asked. She began to laugh, though he fancied he saw teal s ill hei eyes. " Oh," she said, *' it seems so ridiculous when I had been expecting such great things from it. You kliow I have been trying to hear of work th London, and there was an advertisement in the paper which said that two pounds a week might easily be realised either by men or women without interfering with their present occupations, and that all particulars would 'be given on the receipt of cighteenpence. So I sent the money, and here is a wretched aluminium pencil in return, and I am to make this two pounds a week by getfin, orders for them." The absurdity of the whole tiling struck her more forcibly, and she laughed Sgaiti more merrily; Roy laughed too. " Have you made any other attempts ? " lie asked. " Oh, yes," said Signd, " I began to try in Norway, and even attempted a story and sent it to one of our best novelists to ask his opinion." ^ "And what did Iiir say ?" --."-. " Well," she said, smiling, "he wrote back very kindly, but said that he could not conscientiously recommend anyone to write stories whose sole idea in taking up the profession was the making of money.: My conscience pricked me there: and so I never tried-writing again. and to'-anotHeY^place got back a :stupid bundle of embroidery patterns. It is mere waste of money answering these things. They say women can earn- a guinea a.: time .for. shaving -poodlcsi-buryou see I have no experience in poodles," and she laughed merrily. Roy sat musing over the perplexities of ordinal life; Here was he with more money than he knew what to do with, and here vas the woman he loved struggling in vain to earn a few shillings! v Yet the mere fact that he worshipped Jier made him chivalrously careful to avoid laying her under any obligation. As far as possible he would serve her, but in this vital question of money it seemed that he could only stand aside and watch her efforts^ Nor did he dare to confess the truth to her as yet, far he perceived qui te plainly lhat she was absorbed m Frithiof, and could not possibly for some: time to come be free even. to. consider her own personal life. Clearly at present sheregardedhim.widitliatfrankfaehdliness which lie remembered-well at Balholm, and m his helpfulness had discerned: nothing that need be construed as the attentions of a Jover. After all: he was • her brother's sole friend in England, and it was natural enough that he should do all that lie could do for tlieni; "My father and mother come home to-mglit," he said at length, ''and if you will allow me I will ask them if they know, of anything likely to suit you. Cecil will be verv anxious :to. meet you : agam. Don't you think you might go for a drive -with her to-morrow afternoon ? I would -be.here with'ybur brother." " Oh, I; should so like to meet her again," said Signd, " we all liked her so much last summer. . I don't feel that 1 really know her at all yet, for she is not very «asy to know, but she interested me just because of that." '_" . . . . "I don't .think any one can know Cecil who: has not lived with her," said Roy, . " she is jso very reserved:" ••-•.." Yes; at first I. thought she .was. just gentle and quiet without very much ; character, but • one day when we -were out logether-we taed to get some branches^ of willow. They were so stiff to break :..that l!ilazilyygaveKupjL'butjahe;ilieldt:on :to i 1 1 —Qokjii^Gi-.-TaceAvKi' 1 beaten^ust-by-rt-bi o.nch.'.;"~- "" •-""'That is Cecil all ovei," said Roy, smiling-; she never -would let anything' daunt her. May; I tell her that you will see hei to-morrow?" Sigrid gladly assented, arid the next day both Mrs. Boniface and- Cecil'droveto the little house at Vauxhall. Roy .brought-Sjgi-idvdown:to;lheicarnage,fa.nd with a v.ery^appy:satisfied::feehng.;intro=; '^uecdvber^^molber^diwataediidie. warm meeting with Cecil ^'Jican'tthinkiwhat-wouldiiave.become of Fnthiofrifit- hadr'notbeen'-forr.all-your kindness," said Sigjrid; . ^-Ypur-'spn-has piac'ca" ""a xd ii-- Ifc T ' am ~urc, -by -tafang.:care-o£himtthrough!&is;~illnessr : .j'° And the wor t l over now, I hope, aid Mr Boniface That j uch a comfbit At the fir t moment Signd had fallen m love with the weet natured, motherly old lad)p -andaiow he openedh≪ lier heart o her, and they di cu ed the ad cau eofEnthiof "breakdow , and talked ofpatday mlNonva),and*of fhFTuture that lay before "him, Cecil, li tenm° with that absolt i comm-md of countenm<_e -which betaken a trong Hztme an companion little -dreaming that then void , tliough.ueagerly heard were like o .mail) wordthrut to hei— The neat biougham of the ucce^sful trade man night Jia\e-seemed pro aic^eiiougli' aticl olI in ab'oibing hie skin 1 oi e ,'ei^' hen r hi t ov n om mce jand vhethur ..the "Avlnri siS-suburBI the same. The details differ,, the accesx sories arestrangely different, but the love, which is the great mainspring of life, is precisely the same all the world over. c. In. "What tlx Golden makes me so miserable "said Sigrid, " is to feel that his life is, as it were,, over, though lie is so young ; it has been spoiled and ruined for him when he is but one-and-twenty." • " But the very fact of his being so young ..seems to me to give hope that brighter things are in store for him," said , Mrs. Boniface. "I do not think so," said Signd. " That girl has taken something from him which can never come again j it does not seem to me possible that a man can loyelike that twjeein a lifetime.";; :--.-• " Perhaps not just m that way," said Mrs. Boniface. "And besides,-' said Signd, "what gif? puld- care -to- takcisuclvlove .as /he might now be able to give ? 1 am sure nothing would induce me to accept.any secondary love of that kind, She spoke as a perfectly heart-Whole girl, frankly and unreservedly. And what she said was true. She never could have been satisfied 1 with less than the whole ; it was her nature to exact much; she could love very devotedly, t>ut she would jealously demand an equal devotion in return. Now Cecil was of a wholly different; type. Already love had taken possession: of her, it had stolen into her heart almost unconsciously and had brought grave shadows into her quiet life, shadows cast by the sorrow of another. Her notion of love was simply freedom to love and serve; to give her this freedom there must of course be true love on the other: side, but of its kind or of its degree she would never trouble herself to think. - For already her love was so pure , and deep that it rendered her almost selfless. Signd's speech troubled her for a minute or two; if one girl could speak so, why not all girls f Was she perhaps less truly womanly that she thought less of what was owing to herself? "It may be so,"she admitted, yet with a.la tent consciousness that - so infinite a thing as love could not be bound by any hard and fast rules. " But I cannot help it. Whether it is womanly or not. I would die to give him the least real comfort." "Tell Harris to stop, Cecil," said Mrs Boniface. "We will get some grapes for Mr. Falck." " And glad to escape from the carnage for a minute, and glad, too, to be of use even in such a far-off way, Cecil went into the fruiterer's, returning before long with a beautiful basket of grapes and flowers. CHAPTER XIX. " SEE what I have brought you," said Sigrid, re-entering- tlie sick-room a little later on. Frithiof took the basket and looked, with a pleasure which a few weeks ago would have been impossible to him, at the lovely flowers and fruit. " You have come just at the right time, for he-.will insist on talking of all the " They-are from Mrs. Boniface.::. Is it not kind of her? And do you know, Frithiof, she and Dr. Morris have been making quite a deep plot; they want to transplant us bodily to Rowan Tree House, and Dr. Morris thinks the move could:do you no harm now that you are getting better." .. .' -• '.,/./ His face lighted up with something of its former expression. " How J- should like never to see this hateful room again ! " -lie exclaimed. " You don t know how I detest it. The old ghosts seem, to haunt it still. There is nothing that I can bear to look at except your picture of Bergen, which lias done me more than one good turn." :Signd;.^artly to'Eeepi- jihrt^irohi-t^ing. too much, partly because she always liked to tell people of that little act of kindness, gave Roy the; history of the picture,; and Frithiof lay musing over: the curious relative power of kindness and cruelty,; and was .obliged; though somewhat reluctantly,:to admit to himself that a very slight, act of kindness certainly-did exert an enormous and unthought of influence. : Physical disorder had had much-to do with the black .view of life which lie had held for the last few months, -but now,that the climax had been reached and rest had been forcedupon him his very exhaustion and helplessness enabled him to see. a side.qflifewluchlia visible to him.. He was very much softened by all that he had been through. It seemed that while the!events of the past year had embittered and hardened liim, this complete break down of bo'dily strength had brought "back something of his old nature.. The bright enjoyment of mere existence. could of course never fcetti'jrai. :ti/.:h'imj.but v st^ the scar of his old wound; there csme to him during tliose days of his convalecsence a sense of .keen pleasure in Sigrid's presence, in his gradually returning strength, and m the-countless little ;aists;.of Tandness^wliicli!-e.ve.i^l?p'ay^ him TJie ,-change:, to : Rowan -Trees {House _ seemed to work, wonderssiniiumi:i'::>1Ehe_ house-liad;always:r.haimedhinv,,:and..iti(i: stoBm^oKhf^^wi^^nSs^^SrcISil: used-:lns?fatlier!s ,-.liouse.:as a shelter afroni" tlie : dreuchmgrainFofBergen,returned : 'to :himagain-- and-,agam-:;.flirough':-thesqine*t. weeks that followed The past year loolced aiowsto ihimrlike a mghtmare>t6 a anantwho^.lias^iawakened mr'hroadfday^; light It seemed to him that he,was lying at the threshold of a new life"; worn and4ire"d-svit3ivtlier:oldiife;it .was Uiie;-yet= - with a gradually, mcieasTng jnteiest jn iwhaMay.rbeyondianfeaiaperception^that there were many things of which Jhe had as yet ,but'the-very famtest notion. Sigiid told Shim all the details of heri 'life in"U"orivay smce^tlieyhad Ja t" 1 eenl< each other, of ler Tefu al of Ton aid! ; ttundgrenpotoerjrelation^^ttiegaunf: of the early morning on Hjerkm hd. c 'And- her toiy touched "him "WKen^ tmed by all that had Jiappened into un wonted eame tne he owned to himj j:hat after that morning on £he.jnountain! everythinghad eemeddifferent hedidnotf a!s he-would once have done laughingly: change the>>subject, or,' ay that areligionj was all very wellsfor ivomen lH wa ju til jif J. -/had'^wom a crape: d veil-all.Biy/3ife "hei ^ he aid looking ug.froSi Jjlue, practicaneje yof her "And up llicie oil the mount tain it r eemed ~ a J f ^somfeone TiadfliftSd it®quite v away ^ ^ fmagsoti. ^h^cLwthmJimr4unea y re edcEageme inlfi ^oic-g"^Sigria; 1. : "No, dear, I will never leave you," she said, warmly.-' " 1 will try to find some sort of work.: To-night J mean to talk to Mr. Boniface about it. Surely 111 this huge place there.-must be something I can do " "It. is its veiy.hugeness tliat makes one despair," said Frithiof. "Good God 1 .what I went through last autumn 1 And there are thousands m the same plight, thousands who. would work if only they could meet with employment." • • " Discussing the vexed question of the unemployed ?" said* Mr. Bomface, eiiterr ing tlie room m time to hear this last remark " Yes," said Sigrid, smihng. .; " Though I'm; a ;wetdied foreigner.: comesto swdl them.jiumljer. But whatcanhethecause of such distress • ." I tiiink it is this;" said. Mr/ Boniface, " population sgoeson -.increasing,: but practical Christianity does nofmcrease at the same rate." "Are you what they call a Christian Socialist ? " asked Signd. " No; I am jiot very fond of assuming any distinctive party name, , and the Socialists seem to me to look too much to..compulsion:.. You can't make people practical Christians by Act of Parliament j you have no right to force the rich to relieve the poor. Thenation suffers, and all things arc at a dead-lock because so many of us neglect our duty. : 'If we argued less -about the ' masses,' and quietly did as we would be done by to -those rwith whom life bnngsns into contact, I believe the distress would soon be at an end." •••••• " Do you mean by that private almsgiving?" asked Frithiof. " Surely that can only:paupenze the people." , " I certainly don't mean indiscriminate • almsgivmg/'saidMr.Boniface; "Imean only this. You start with your own family; do your duty by them. You have a constant succession of servants passing through your .household ; be a friend to them. You have men: and women in your employ; share their troubles. Perhaps you have tenants ; try to look at life from their point of view. If we all tried to do this the cure would indeed be foundj and the breach between the nch and poor bndged over." . . How simply and unostentatiously Mr. B omfe.ee lived out his own theory Frithiof knew quite well. He reflected that all the kindness he himself had received had not tended to paupenze liim, had not in the least crushed his independence or injured his self-respect. : On the contrary, it had: saved him from utterTum; and had awakened m him a gratitude which would last all his life. But this new curc was not to depend only on taxation^ or on the Statej but on a great influence working within each' individual. The idea set him thinking,^and tlie sense.;oLhis:own ignor-: ance weighed upon him. -..",*•: One morning it. chanced thatj sitting out m the verandah at the back of the house, he overheard Lance's readinglesson,which Was going on in tlie morning room. Sounds of laborious wrestling with tlie' difficulties of "Pat a fat cat," and other interesting injunctions, made liim realize how verj' slow hiiiiian ; nature is to learn any perfectly new tiling, and how toilsome are first steps. Presently came a sound of trotting feet. .;; " Gwen 1 Gwen '" shouted LanceJ " come here to us.-.. Cecil is goingtoxead toius: outiof,'her'.Bible,'^cand rfs .awfully jolly V' .;.. -. ^ ^ He heard a stifled laugh fiom Cecil " Oh, Lance," she said, " Gwen is much too„young to care for it Come, shutthe dooi;;.and-™ewill~begino' the'-fender.andthe.fair-y.-commg.tote said.rLance, promptly. i " Not a fairy, Lance." ^I^aQ^jiyahtaiigdi^e^jihediiapos logetically. " i ! aSo,-she:readshim™his favour!te".-story-.' of NBbuchadnezzaKtheiking;5andsthe;goldem i^ia^mnd^tte^XFeeaiite^lii^culd^nsi? bow dbwn to it. • "You see," she said at the end," they weie-TDiave_ jnen they 'would tiot -3.cn what^they 1mew to be -wrong. Wc -n ryou to grow.Jlike them " u ^ There-was a silence, bi oken at last by Lance "- • ' I TOII only hammer nail in "wood " he aid, gravely "Howchvyou. «mean? a\ed Cecil,; not quite eemg the connection % i ' Not into- the -table and chair aidf ,Lance,-nho had clearly tian gre ed inthi<. m•'lie , mdJiad appliedif^the" tory^tb? Stoggj^abfeCTSiibStesiujg^ rhitsi lit ikI Cerl Ccd ulf UW^T' 1 „ ^ ecant^ee^Him" aidjLapce n<m TjveeHchildi h jtones s ? should make him able to resist whatever evil tendencies he had inherited. "If anything can save him it will be such a home as this," he reflected. Then, as Cecil came out into the yerandahj he joined her, and they walked together down one of the shady gardenpaths : " 1 overheard your pupil this morning," he began; and they laughed together over the child's: quaint femarks; . " That was very good;., his : turning the stoiy to piactical account all by himself. He is a lucky little beggar to have you for his teacher.. I wonder what makes a child. so.;ready to swallow quite- easily the'most difficult things mheaven and earth?" .•:••" ; "I suppose because-he knows he can't altpgetherT .understand; and : Isuwilling-tq talce things on trust" said Cecils. , "If anything can keep -him.sti j ai|^it. 3ylieri.,liegrows.,upjtr\vjlL.,be:what''fou. have tatight"hmii" said ---Fntliiof-:;. " YtiiiJ wonder that 1 admit that, and a year ago I couldn't have said as much, but I begin to think that there is, after all, a very. great restraining power m the old faith. The difficulty is to get up any sort of interest in that kind of tiling." ; : "rYou talk as if it were a sort of science," said Cecil " That is precisely what it seems to me ; and just as one man is born with a love of botany, another takes naturally to astronomy, and a thu d has no turn for science whatever, but is fond of hunting • and fishing, so it seems to me with religion. All of you, perhaps, have inherited the tendency from your Puritan forefathers, but I have inherited quite the opposite tendency from my. Vikmg ancestors. .Like them, I prefer to love my friend, and 1 hate my • enemy, • and =go through life m the way that-best pleases me: -.,I am not a reading man; J can't get up the. faintest sort of interest m these religious matters." "We are talking of two - different things," said Cecil. " It is of the mere framework of religion tliat.you are speaking. Verylikely many of us are boni without any taste for theology, or sermons, or Church history. We are not bound surely , to force up an interest m them" , "Then if all that is not religion, pray what is it? You are -not-like.-MisS:€har-.. lotte/whousesphraseswithbutanalyzirig them. What do you mean by religion ?" " I mean -Itnowing- and loving God," she said, after a moment's pause. f;..' -v, ;; Her tone was very." gentle, and not in the least didactic. . • : ".I ;h'ave beiieve'd: in : a God; always^, ijioic or less," said Frithiof, slowly.' " But how do you get to know Him?" "I','.think,it-is'".^"something.'.in .the;same, way that people get to know each otlier,", said. Cecil. " Cousin, James::Horner, for instance, sees my father eveiy day. He has often vstayed m the: same house jwith iiis life. But he doesn't really know him at all.. He never tak'cs^he "trouble reajly to-know-anyone.' ?He sees the outside of my father—that is alK . They have liardly anything in common." ".. ' . ' . • " Mr. Horner is so full of himself and tosT:'®vn ^opimoifi;^ appre.ciate;:such.v.;a^ own lrio'utli had condemned, liim, lie relaps.ed into' silence. " XA'liat ' is . your receipt;. -now,,.-for.. -getting! >;toi; know; • a person^"iiej..saidt.p"i;eseM ... "-First,'.' 'she' said,, thoughtfully, -desirifto .]mow,' -and.va-. wiUmgness-:to ;be known. Tlien-I_ think one must forget oneself as much as possible, and try to: iunderstand .the tfeehngsj-and -woi ds,s and factsjofJhe„^Mie yo.u wislf taknow "ins«the aiglit.oljth^eMiole'llirc.^rj.as" much .is yoU'must:be,alonetogether,:for-b-.is.oiily, alone that people \vill talk of the most real things" » " l •He^was..silent,.tr5jing: in his; own :niiiid to fi.t~lier woids to Ins own-need " Then you dbn't thinlc, as some ^ do,? that when once -we set out Vifli -a ieal •desire'TaIl'theyrest,T,jsequitei'easy:-andi.to:il3e; No she said t do' Scit believe m| dnfting And^tf^e weie not so lazj am believe -we should al of us know*moie of 'Godj It js^somehow' difficult to^fake-( i -^m^^mnch^SmsaboutlB&t;^isaSouts othertBing ^ j, , It cant "urely be dif&cult; to jou jg ah ay j^eem tobe_,ea y to women but to u men alii o different ^Are you o ure of that ? he aid 5 yu etly ^g ^ ^ J^r JTiave al\y^y Jan^ied 1 o hejep"h6a,.: Why tthe^ery ideaiot hutting^one el| in alonetto flunk.— o'pray^-it'a ~b utterly" ^rUprav n^onmioun 1 ? she had spoken that this was her meaning. : y.:: ; j • •:«^W'VO c O >:" i i They paced m silence the shady garden walk. To Frithiof the whole world seemed wider than it had ever been -before. On the deadly monotony of his business, life there had arisen a light which altogether transformed it. He did Ins-best even now to quench its brightness,, and said to .hmlself; " This: -will, not .last; /1 shall . hate desk and counter and all the rest of -it as badly as: ever when 1 - go back." For it was his habit since Blanche had: deceived him to doubt the lastmgndss of all lhat lie desired to keep; Still; though he doubted for the future, tlie present was wonderfully changed, and the new idea that had conieiintoluStlife was:^theibesteinediciije he couldiliave had." ' ' ^ Sigrid watched; his "returning strength .with.deliglit-jndeedjjjerhapsshe-jiever icnJizcd lie li.id becn dnnng his lonely months of London -life;- :; She had •not seen the bitterness, the depression, the hardness, the too evident deterioration which had saddened Cecil's heart through the winter and spring; and she could not see as Cecil saw how he was struggling up nowmto a nobler manhood. Roy: instinctively felt it. Mr. Boniface, with his ready sympathy and keen' insight, found out something of the true., state -..-of the case; but only Cecil. actu-,. ally knew it. She had had to bear the worst of tlie suffering all through those long.montlis, and it was but.fair that the joy should be hers alone. ;•:'.'^yy-/': . Frithiof hardly knew which part of tlie day was most pleasant to him, tlie quiet mornings • after Mr. Boniface and Roy had gone to town, when he and Sigrid were left to their own devices ; the pleasant little break at eleven, when Mrs. Boniface /lboked m to reminci tlienv that fruit was gold in the moriliiig, and to tempt him with pears -and grapes, while Cecil and the two children came m from the garden; bringing with them a sense of freshness and life ; the drowsy summerafternoon when he dozed over a novel; the drive in the cool of the day, and the deIigiitfuliiomeeveniDgs:wi th'musicand reading alotid. : Quiet the life was, it is true, but dull — never. Everyone had plenty -to do, yet not too much, for Mr. Boniface had a horror of tlie modern craze for rushing into all sorts of philanthropic undertakings, would have nothing to' do with bazaars, groaned inwardly when lie was obliged by a sense of duty to:attend any public meeting, and protested vehemently against' the multiplication of " Societies." :. " I have a pet Society of my own," he, used ' to say with a smile. - -;." It is the Keeping at Home Society. Every -liouse-; holder"'^ls.;B.is;pwiiJr.es^ mittee is formed by his family." Notwithstanding this, he .was the.most widely charilable man, and. was. always ready to lend a\ helping hand ; "but he. loved, to work quietly,. and all. who belonged to him caught something of the same tone, so that in tlie house there Svas^a.tdtaLabsericg^ of'.goodworks:iiv-«'hich'.many,:people live .now-a-daySj andtliough; perliaps;:they. had^E'sqimMyaiJbiW'invth^ qucrite; and the home' remained what', it was'm'eaif;^ toiy_ ^[nto'the .niidst:of^this:liome;,-tliei-e..had •Gomenow.isomeati-angelyjfreshselements; Tliree distinct romances were "being waited out beneath that quiet roof.- There was poor Frithiof -vvitli his shatteied life, hisi5.T,t -an jgon\ which would sc.ncply v^soTtar-.:bouncti3Sp'wf his that w-heiviie'suiTeredslfesufferedtoo^ :yet--liad:tohveonwithaf5erenevfa<:e^and •make: ,-.no. ; sign.. s®here-.:ivasj:Roysalready= mailly in •. love, with'-the vblue-e\'ed,. fairhaired Signd. who seeinedan tlie-glad reaction after all her troubles to have :developed.mtosa-:totallyr and was the life of thepaity. And-yet an: -spite of" the inevitable pain of love- these w eie happy"daj s for all of them Happ) tb-Trithiof because liis sfiength was le turning"-to him because with an non esolution,3ie is fai as possible shut out d^ eloping iand^for th'e first timejheJiadE ^-Happyfe (^aU^auselierJo:^! noifoolishvsen£mientalit3rfjno selfish^dayf! ? ? any chance ?: She would make him such a sweet little wife:" • "How can we tell lhat she has not left her heart in Norway ?" I do not think so," said Mrs. Boniface. "No, I feel sure that can't be, from tlie way in which she speaks of her life there. Tf there is any rival - to be feared-- it is Frithiof. They seem to me wrapped up in each other, and it . is only natural too, after all their trouble and separation and this illness of his. H'ow strong he is get- ting again, and how naturally he takes-tp tlie-game! He is such a fine-looking fellow,, somehow he: dwaifs .every one: else/' andshe glanGed acioss to the opposite side of :ithe-Iawn;-where Roy with his j more; ordinaryiheight ;and ^uild: certainly did'seem somewhate"chpse3/-vAidsyet to" -her.motherlyeyes1hat:-hon English face/with its sun-burnt skin, was.-perhaps.lhe:^^ :invthe world L ^ v ':; Not that she was a blindly arid foolishly loving mother, she knew that he had his faults. ; But slie knew too th%t he was a sterling fellow, and that he would make the woman he married perfectly happy. ;". I .. Theywereso takeii;up^^widithethpughts .- ofthevisible-romancethatwasgoingbn beneath their eyes, that it never occurred 'to-^'tlienv to. think :of .:what:.might.ibb.pas.sing" in the minds of the two on the other side of the net. And perhaps that was just as well, for the picture was a sad one and would certainly have cast a shadow upon their hearts. Cecil was loo brave and resolute and sclf-controlled to allow her love to undermine her health ; nor did she sb brood upori her inevitable loss that- jShe ceased;.to enjoy .the .rest'.- of life^. There was .veiy.muehVstl'll".!eft to :her,:arid" though at times everything seemed to her flavourless and .. insipid, yet the mood wouidpass and she would be able^^intenseiy to enjoy her home life.' Still there was no denying that the happiness which seeined downing for'; 1 ;Roy:; an^-Signa was denied to the other two ; they were handicapped in the game of life iust as: they were at tennis, the setting sun shone full m their faces and madethe play infinitely: more difficult, whereas the others playing in thesliaily courtsliada considerable advantage over them. . ". Well!, :is?.die"v^ Boniface as the. two girls came towards tlieni;f:;-;•":;'• '•'•-. /-':./"' "Yes," cried Signd, merrily. " And actually our side has won ! 7 1 am so proud of having beaten Cecii and Frithiof, for, as a rule, Frithiof is one of those detestable people who win everything. It was lieyer any fun playing with him when we; were children, he was always so lucky." .''v.,'.. As she spoke Frithiof had come up the steps \- " Mybehind hei t.i i'3-i.z .J, y ..n -.itii;,'' with a-smile in =which there was a good deal of sadness. But his tone was playful and indeed it seeiried that he had entirely got rid of the bitterness which had once dominated every look and word, " Nonsense !'' she cried, slipping her hand in!o his ann. " Your luck will return, it is only that you. ai-e: not quite strongagamyet. . Waifcavday-orlw.o and feliallijiot l^ve va'T.chanceiagainstayou: " It lias - not- . tired. you too. much.? asked Mrs. Boniface; glancing up at. Frithiof. .-There-was a: glow of health in his .face which she had never before seen, and his. expression which had once heen stern had grown much more gentle. "But I see," she added," that is a foolish question; for: I don't thinlc I have ever seen you looking better. • It seems to me this is the sort of exercise you need. We et. you stay much too long over that translating in the old days." -..;.'. y ;.'' "Yes," said Signd ; "1 hardly know | whether 'o laugh or cry when I thipk of Frithiof;-: of all the people in the world, doing learned translations for such a ninn as Herr Sivertsen: ' He never could: endure sedentary life." " And yet," said Mr. Boniface, pacing. along the verandah with her, " 1 tned in vam' to make' him take. up cricket. He declared that .-in Norway you did not go m for our Knglish notions of exercise for the sake of exercise " '' Perhaps not," said : Signd-; ":but he was always going m for the wildest adventures, and never had tlie .least taste for books.:-Poor -Frithiof, it only shows -how brave and- resolute he is ; ' he' -is: so • set upon paying off these debts that he will sacrifice everything,to that one idea, and wdE'keepto-woifcwhich must behateful to; him?' 'aJ H':.: ^ v ' ? . ' - ; : : - y ;; J'i• \ " He is a fine fellow," said Mr. Boniface. "I had hardly realized what his - previous life must , have .been; though of course I . knew ..that , the drudgery of 'ygr4ince a: gun 1 he:: used-sto vgorwith--my;father ;m: August to the mountains . in : Xord fjord, .foi^tht!i-SindgeifcMnSri^:: said;'Sigrid;; i " And every Sunday-through the wiiiter ' lie used to go by himself on tlie wildest excursions after sea-birds. - Myfather said it. was good .tfai.niiig.for.hiiii, arid/as long as .iie :took. witli him old'Nils; liis skydslingiish^he wM.iiever.worried about'him' . - when Jie. w'ds.' awa)C. ;Bii^ .soin'etiihes I; " All, it was such fun !" he ctied , "though, weiwei'echeateloutfo&our.sport.; afteEiall.^ilvhadsleftjBergemon.thevSaturT.: MyJsgoiSg^'iM'iS^ there as usual we 'took a boat to-.row across to Gjelleslad" where I geneially slept^.-getfingriup-at- fouKmstheimormng-tO' -go after the "buds Well tliat^mght Nils and I set out to row acioss but had not got far when the most fearful stoi m came: down on us J never sawjsuch lightning; before^or sjnee andjthe^wind was lerjific,: iW&cMd;^doligthing^ainstat^j^'jiideed it'was wonderful thafwe-didnorgo^o the! "bottom^ Bygoodiliick^ e^vere ^driven ibo u turn it uu and h Iter be^l i e ~cbuld tmdci it-old Nils s cinns Jile a P i S ? ; how well Nils laughing, v /:-". ;rowled," said Frithiof, : The leforcnce to the vhiin suggested tie usual evening's music, and they went into tlie drawing-room . where Sigrid played them some Nowegiaii airs, Roy ^standing -hekr Vheiy.aiid' watdiinghe't fair;- sweet face-nvhich was sfiil glowing with the ;.reeolle.ciibn-.6f.'^thosepiddays.of Svhich: tliey had talked. '} . "Was it possible," lie thought, "that she who was so devotedto her brotlier, that " she who loved the tliought of penlous adventures,-and so ardently admired the bold, fearless, penl- seekingnSTttre of the old Vikmgs, was it possible that she could ev.en .love such :an ordinaiy, humdrum;; cpn^onplaGe-Londorier^asliim3e"lf?:- : He fell vintO :£reat desponaeney, and envied Fritliiof his Norse nature, his fine physiquCj his daring spirit. to liis ii iand by that same nature, he did not pause to think, and sorry as he was for FrithibPs troubl es,he scarcely' realized at all the force with which they had fallen iipoiv the Nbrwegian's. proud, self-reliant character. • • • : : :-••...;• :•'•' l . Absorbed in the: thought of his own I love, he had little leisure for such observations. The one all-engrossing question excluded everything else. And sometimes with hope he asked himself, " Can she love me ?" Sometimes in despair assured^• himself that it was impossible—altogether impossible. ••',•' '• \- - (To be conlimtcd.) VAR^yOD-Jj^HAT^irEVI'^it. 