The Proposed Borough of Dundas. A COURT of enquiry to test the validity of signatures to the various petitions presented for and against the proposed incorporation of Dundas, was held at the Protestant Hall, Car- lingford, on Wednesday last, before the Dist- rict Government Officer, Mr. G. Lewis. Both parties were strongly represented. Mr. T. M. Williamson appeared to represent the peti- tioners, and Mr. W.H. Pigott the pro- petitioners. The enquiry consisted for the most part of forensic displays by Messrs. Pigott and Williamson, who indulged them- selves most extravagantly in raising ghosts to knock down again. At last Mr. Lewis's pati- ence got tired out, and he rebuked Mr. Pigott for his 'trivialities.' It was his intention, he said, to give the fullest latitude to wit- nesses on both sides, for the purpose of ascertaining the true merits of the position. Of course it was possible irreleant matter would crop in, but he hoped he had sufficient common sense to distinguish the right and the wrong, and as the evidence presented the case, so should he report. Messrs. S. Goold, T. Smith, W.H. Mouckton, C.W. Mills, and W. Spurway were examined for the petitioners, and Messrs. H. Spendley, J. Sonter, J. Franks and F.C. Cox for the pro-petitioners. The principal topic of examination was the vague definition of Northern boundaries, but this seemed to be pretty well left an open question by the petitioners. During cross-examination, Mr. Mills offered the opinion that many persons signing the counter-petition were under age and others were not liable to assessment. Mr. Smith, one of the collectors for the petition, admitted that some signatures were obtained before the alteration of the boundaries. Mr. Sonter was the principal witness for the other side, He stated that many of the 'hands' of persons signing the counter- petition had bona-fide qualifications as owners oflaind, and in answer to the statement that more persons had signed the counter-petition than there were houses for, he explained that several men occupied one house and shared rent. Mr. Lewis will report the result of the en- quiry to the Colonial Secretary, who will make the necessary order as to whether the request for incorporation shall be granted or not. The following members of tho Kosohill C.C. amiinst Parranuitta '2nd on Parramatta ground arc picked to play to-day :—ColIoy, Wharf, Bridge, Shepherd, Miller, Moseley, Mckeuiiio, Lungdon, Wesley Wickham, Pile, Pye 12. 