MR J. J. C. ABBOTT, Q.C., the Govern ment leader in the Canadian Senate, expeets to arrive, in Sydney in March on an official mission the purpose of which is generally defined as being to. promote commercial relations between Canada and Australia. -Mr Abbott will probably he accompanied by Mr Sandford Fleming, C.M.G., of Ot tawa, a gentleman who has earned high repute as a public man, and at least two members of the Dominion Parlia ment, who will represent the com-' mercial interests involved. It is also rumored that Sir Leonard Tilley, K.C.M.G., who has represented Canada in several important political negotia tions, will be of the party 7 . Canada gives proof- of being in earnest in her professed wish to establish closer rela tions with Australia by nominating so distinguished a group of ambas sadors, and has hacked this by abolishing the duty on Austra-' Han wool, with the obvious pur pose of encouraging trade with our ports and offering a market for one of our staple products. The reasons for her desire to cultivate a closer ac quaintance with Australia are mainly commercial. Something is said about the effect of close business relations in knitting together the detached sec tions of Britain’s great empire, and more is advanced as to the vast, it may be vital,, importance to the Aus tralian colonies of having thoroughly organised means of communication with the Imperial centre, which would be little likely 7 to be disturbed in case of war. Mr Abbott has not as yet disclosed the exact object of his mis sion to Australia, nor defined the pro posal which he will no doubt be autho rised to submit to the Governments of these colonies. We may, however, safely assume that the organisation of a line of fast and powerful mail steamers from Vancouver to Sydney will be one item, and the laying of a Pacific cable another. With regard to the first, it is obviously 7 the interest of Canada to develop traffic on her trans continental railway line, aud it is as obviously the interest of Australia to make that line one link of an alterna tive chain of communication with Great Britain. Quite recently the Canadian Government made a contract with the Orient Compauy 7 for anew and rapid steamship service between Liverpool and Montreal, the subsidy agreed to being, it is believed, £lOO,OOO per aunuiu. When this, line of fast steamers is linked to the trans-Cana dian railway 7, the facilities for rapid conveyance of mails, passengers, and goods between London and Vancouver will be perfect. In view of this the Canadian Government naturally desires to extend so excellent a line of com munication in the direction of Aus tralia. By means of a powerful line of trans-Pacific steamers, it is believed that the journey from London to Syd-. Bey could be made in 28 days. In order to set the scheme afoot the Dominion Parliament, in its last session, agreed to provide an annual subsidy of £25,000 in aid of direct and regular steam communication with Australia. It is assumed that a total subsidy of about £lOO,OOO per annum would be necessary 7 to have a first-class service, "and, as any thing short of the very fastest and most powerful steamers would be useless for the purpose intended, it is hoped, "that the various'.Australian, provinces, or at least Queensland, Victoria, New South Wales, and Hew Zealand, would arrange to provide the bulk of the balance. It will no doubt be part of Mr Abbott’s business to endeavor to conclude this arrangement. He may, however, expect to find an adverse in fluence in the fact that the United States are fully aware of the advan tage of regular and rapid communi cation with Australia, and will probably offer substantial inducements to the Australian colonies to continue the existing mail and traffic arrange ments via San Francisco. The Gov ernment of New South Wales, as our readers will remember, has extended the mail contract with the San Fran cisco line for one year. It is under stood that before the close of that period wholly new arrangements will be entered into, and under the circum stances the Australian colonies may find Canada and the United States bidding against each other for our trans-Pacific mail and passenger trade. In one sense it makes no difference to these colonies whether the line of . transit lies through the United States or through Canada. So long as mails, passengers, and goods go through with speed and certainty the route followed by them will-appear a secondary matter. Yet the Govern- ; ments of the colonies may fairly allow something for the extra guarantee of safety which is involved in carrying the line across America in British territory, and it is highly important to remember that a Canadian line would upon emergency merge into the Im perial navy for the purposes of defence, while a line owned in California might—it is just possible—take sides with our enemies. Such an • organisation as a well appointed line of steamer's' which could upon -short notice be converted into trans ;ports or armed cruisers, is simply Incalculable, and the only wav to •secure it is to arrange for the proposed 'Canadian line. - . Mr Abbott will, no doubt, endeavor .to forward the arrangements for lay ing.a Pacific cable. The. tardy way in -.which the preliminary surveys are •being conducted is nothing less than -a scandal, and lends probability to the misgiving that the powerful Eastern Extension Company is dogging the project with sleepless and relent less hostility. Not long since there wits a report, said to have come from' the survey steamer Egeria, that the temperature of the Pacific could not be taken because some un known and terrible sea' monster swal lowed the thermometers. Such a cock and-bull story belongs properly to the age of witches and ghosts and sea ser pents. It has long been apparent that, for some cause or other, the British authorities were hot really trying to achieve the necessary surveys, and it seems that the colonies will sooner or later have to-do the work themselves. This, at least, can be said, that if Mr Abbott and his associates hasten the advent of anew mail line and a trans pacific cable, they will render a signal service to Australia. With just four and a half working days left in the present session, Mr Debii am seriously proposes to introduce a bill involving some very important alterations in our postal regulations. It is -chronicled of Mr Winkle that when a certain street row was practi cally over he commenced leisurely pulling off his coat, and informed the bystanders in loud tones that he was “ going to begin,” and Mi’Debuam, now that Parliament is all but moribund, announces that he is ready with iiis bill. It may be that our Postmaster- General is doing the country better service, by ostentatiously abetting a measure which is foreshadowed to prove abortive, than if ke had seized one of the many opportunities which he has placidly ignored. The penny postal rate is conceived and advocated in the interests of the wealthy business firms which have a heavy daily mass of correspondence, and would be of no appreciable service or relief to the bulk of Victorians. Towards the more needful and valuable reform of abolish ing newspaper postage, which would be of immediate benefit to thousands, Mr Deeuam’s attitude has been con tinuously hostile. The colony can well afford to wait for a penny letter rate, and the division of stamps used for postage from those used for duty fees, although desirable, is certainly not urgent. The country will therefore lose little or nothing by the shipwreck of Mr Deeiiam’s little bill. Yet these little pieces of political make-believe suggest an unpleasant misgiving that Parliament and the country are being befooled and trifled with. What legitimate excuse, for example, can be pleaded for the intro duction of a bill in the dying hours of the session, with the certain foreknow ledge that it must lie either sent to the waste-paper basket, or passed without any pretenceatserious consideration! No doubt private members sometimes com bine to do very curious things, but it is hardly seemly for a Minister of the Crown to take action which must ad mittedly lead to waste of Parliamentary time, or else to hasty and ignorant legislation. This too, when, in addition to great lack of time, the remaining hours and days are heavily mortgaged to the consideration of other and more important legislation. There is the Local Government Bill threatened with the fate of the slaughtered in nocents for the one sufficient reason (among many more) that there is not time to deal with it with the endowment clauses included, and exception is very properly' taken to passing the measure with its most important sections left out. The Metro politan Board of Works Bill is not completed, neither is the Public Health Bill. Indeed the time left in the ses sion is utterly inadequate to the work waiting to be done. And no one should be deceived by the excuse that the remanets of this session will he taken up in the next. We all know what an octopus Railway Bill means, and how little chance it gives to other legislation. Hon. members who plead this disingenuous excuse as a. justification for an early rising of the House, do so in the full knowledge that the important matters which will be left undealfc with are practically postponed for two if not for three years. Something better than a rest less desire to be out of harness wanted to justify such a neglect of work voluntarily 7 undertaken, and which is nevertheless paid for by the country. The Minister of Mines.lias sanctioned the issue of new regulations simplifying the niode of procedure in applications for mining leases. Formerly' there were three separate sets of regulations, extremely confusing to applicants and fruitful of delay. These j have been reduced to oue set. JJy the old plan, applicants laid to appear before a warden with their witnesses, even where there was no objection raised,, and give evi dence as to compliance with the Act. Now this can be done by statutory regulation, and applicants have only to attend with their witnesses before a warden where objection is raised to the issue of the lease. The new regulations (says the 7 elegraph) have to he presented to Parliament, and in 21 days they will come into force. A meeting of the committee of the Bal larat District Licensed Victuallers Associa tion was held yesterday, Mr C. Forster (president) in the chair. During the meeting the president referred to the rumored in tention of the Government to maku the licensees of hotels pay (in license fees) for the compensation awarded to the proprietors and lessees of houses closed up under a local optiou vote. He condemned this proposal us most unjust, and argued that the money to pay the compensation should come from probate duty. He remarked that he might yet have to ask representative licensees to join iu a monster deputation to the Treasurer upon the subject. John M’Nsinara, Janies Kelly, and James Murray, the three men arrested for the rob bery from Messrs O’Farrell and Soil’s office, were brought before the City magistrates yesterday morning. They were charged— First, with having housebreaking imple ments in their possession;-and, second, with having ou the 26 f .h October.broken into the office of Messrs O’Farrell and Son, and j stolen £2OO in notes and cheques to the amount of £4OO. Sir H. S. Barrett con ducted the prosecution, and Mr Forlouge ap peared for tile prisQiiers. Tlie magistrates found the . prisoners guilty of the first charge, and smteiiced them each to two yeats’ imprisonment, with liard labor. Mr Forlonge announced his intention of appeal ing, aud the sureties were fixed at £lOO for each of the prisoners, with two other sure ties each of £lOO, or to each deposit £3OO. On the second charge they were committed to take their trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court in Ballarat on the 12th December. Bail was fixed for each prisoner in his owu recognisance for £2OO and another surety for a similar amount. A charge against Kelly in connection with carrying a revolver was withdrawn. A report of the cases, the hearing of which did not termi nate until 25 minutes to G o'clock, will be found in another column. The members of the Safety . Cages Board yesterday conducted tests of safety cages at the Crown Star and Woali Ilawp Hong Kong mines. At the former Clark's patent was tried at the surface and at the 300 feet level—the bottom of the shaft. At the latter mine Allan’s patent was tested at the sui face and at the 240 feet level. In each ease the tests were severe. In the evening the board (which consisted of Mr H. B. Nicholas, .chairman, and Messrs J. Sharpe, A. F. Walker, J. B. Burton, J. 11. Wilson, W. Wilson, aud T. H. Maynard, secretary) sat to hear evidence. The following wit nesses attended and were examined:—Thomas Richards (manager), Josiah Hoare (under ground • manager), John Arthur (engine driver) of the Orowii Star Company: ami Mr G. Davison, manager of the WoahHawp Hong Kong Company. To-day the members of the board will proceed to Smeuton to test cag“s in U3e there and also take evidence concerning them. The final meeting of the committee of the All Nations Fancy Fair, held in aid of the liquidation of the debt on the bishop’s pdaee and St. Alipius’church was held in the Catholic Library last evening. The chair was occupied by Mr James Coghlan, R.G-G- Dr Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarar., was also present. Oue of the secretaries, Mr R. T. Hager, read' the balance-sheet, which showed that the large sum .of £1535 9s 3d was realised by the fair after paying all expenses. - The balance sheet was received and adopted. The chairman then handed the bishop a cheque for this amount. ,He said he felt much pleasure in doing so, and expressed his gratification at the great suc cess that had been achieved. He took this opportunity of thanking the large number of persons of all creeds and countries that had generously patronised the fair, and congratu lated the ladies, the members of the com mittee, and all concerned upon the great I energy they had all displayed. The bishop, in accepting the cheque, said he could not express to them how deeply he felt thankful for the efforts of the comfnittee in bringing the fancy fair to such a successful issue. He had always received the co operation of the laity of Ballarat in the furtherance of Catho lic works ever since he arrived here over 23 years ago. It was a great matter that the palace was now through their exertions out of debt. He was also under a deep debt of grati tude to those uon-Catholic friends who had so generously assisted to make the fancy fair tile great success it had proved to be. The bishop concluded by again thanking all con cerned. Dr Moore afterwards, in a few feeling and well-chosen words, proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman (Mr Coghlan.) Ti at gentleman suitably returned thanks. Votes of thanks were also proposed by the bishop to the secretaries (Messrs Hager, Wrigley, and Carey), as also to the vice chairmen (Messrs J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., amt Richard Wrigley), the treasurers (Dr Mutlally and Mr C. Fitzgerald), and the members of the committee. These gentlemen suitably returned thanks. The Bishop said he would take another op portunity of thanking the ladies who had wmked so hard. A special vote of thanks was proposed by Dr Moore to Mr Gilbert, the lion, architect of the fair, who had done so much to transform the Alfred Hall into a kind of ait gallery by the beautiful manner in which he carried out the decorations and designs of the various stalls. Mr Gilbert, in returning thanks, said it ivas a labor of love, and lie was very grateful for their kind appreciation of humble services. A cordial vote of thunks Was also passed to the ladies of tlie various stalls for their effoits to make the fair a success. Votes of thanks were passed also to the members of' the Fire Brigades, the several bands, tho Militia, the members of the Gymnasium, and tho other public bodies who bad so kindly given their services; as also to Mr Wright for his services in connection with the “ Maypole dance,” ami all the other ladies and gentlemen who had kindly given their services. A cordial vote of thunks was then passed to tlie bishop, on the motion of Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, seconded by Mr J. Casey, and supported by Mr M. Martin. After . the bishop had suit ably returned thanks, the proceedings terminated. The following are the net sums realised by the various stalls:—No. 1 stall, “ Ireland,” Mosdames Magill and Coghlan, £IS2 5i Cl; No. 2 stall, “Australia,” Miss Webster, £lO5 15s; No. 3 stall, “Great Britain,” Mosdames Urophy and Fitzgerald, £lSsss; No. 4 stall, “ Spain,” Mrs Borrowes, £lO9 2s: No, 5 stall, “ Franc-',” Miss M’Donald, £391 7s 51; No. 6 stall, “Eng land,” Mosdames Higgins, Martin, aiul Miss Malcolm, £IGS 12r 7d; No. 7 stall, “ Greece,” Mesdames Mann anil Mullally, £llo 2-i7d; No. S stall (refit shinent), Mesdames linger ami Maher, £169 3->. Wo are pleased to observe, that Mr H. P. Martell, brother of the popular teacher of drawing of Ballarat, is among the 27 stu dents who have just had the degree of bachelor of medicine conferred upon them by the Melbourne University. Mr Martell was one of four Students i'.'liu passed through the five years’ course without being “ plucked,” and as the examinations at the Melbourne University are very stiff, . the success achieved by Mr .Martell and his threo “chums” is deserving of special mention. Tho business transacted at the Towu Police Court yesterday, was of no public importance. Mr Stevens, district traffic superintendent of the Victorian Railways in the Ballarat district, is at present away for a fortnight’s holiday. During his absence his duties arc being attended to by Mr E. F. Pollard, superintendent of the Maryborough district, wlio has also his own district to attend to. A grand fair was opened last evening in the Smith street Methodist Church by Mr W. H. Figgi3. There was a crowded at i tendance, and much business was done. The church was beaiuifully decorated, and the gifts, flowers, and refreshment stalls-were attended by the following ladies:—Mesdaines Gregory, Roberts, Hudson, Cook, Doran, Leach, Laity, Deans, Phillips, Carter, Bell; Misses Robeits (2), Fitzsimmons, Laity, Dunn, Kerr (2), Wasley, Gregory. The Christian Brass Band was present, and per formed several selections; aud Mrs Hughes, the Misses Hughes (2), Kennedy, and others rendered vocal and instrumental music. The fair ou the whole ivas a success, and will be opened again this afternoon from 2 till 5, and this evening at 7, when another band will be'present. The vacancy in the ranks of the sub officers of police in Ballarat East has been filled by the transfer from Melbourne of Senior-constable Love. It is expected that Constable Shortill, of Ballarat City, will shortly he promoted to the rank of senior constable, and he will fill the vacancy in the City caused by the recent transfer to Sand hurst. The firet prize in the Ballarat Fire Brigade Art Union lias been won by a resident of Buninyong, while tho second prize gucß to Linton. Some time on Monday night a burglary was committed at the premises of Mr R. P. Tolliday, Brougham street, Soldiers Hill. Entrance was effee’ed by breaking open a door, anil several pairs of boots were stolen. This is the second occasion on - which Mr Tolliday’s shop has been entered by thieves. The shop of Mr Kean, bootmaker, Lydiard street north, was also brokeu into a few evenings ago, but the robbers were alarmed before much property was annexed. The death of tlie late Mr James Russel was referred to at tlie meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee last evening. On the motion of Mr Glenn (president), seconded by Mr Molloy, tlie following resolution was carried: “ The members of this committee hereby record their sense of the great loss which the charitable and philanthropic in stitutions of Ballarat have sustained by the lamented death of the late Mr James Russell, M.L.A., and they also desire to express their deep and earnest sympathy with Mrs Russell and family in their time of sorrow.” The secretary was instructed to forward to Mrs Russell a copy of the resolution. The final practice for the volley and skirmishing match in counection with B Company of the local battalion will take place at the range to-morrow evening. Mem ber* are requested to take notice. An elderly man named Thomas Kelly, whilst working at a circular saw at Messrs Kelly and Freston’s establishment yester day, had his right hand badly cut by the saw. He attended at the Hospital, where his injuries were treated. The anniversary of the Ebenezer Sunday school was commenced on Sunday last, when sermons were preached in the morning, afternoon, and evening by the Rev. J. Beattie, of Queensciiff. At each service there was a large attendance, and an ap propriate serinou was delivered. Last even ing the anniversary was further continued by the holding of a tea and public meeting. The formerwas served in the South street hall, and the tables were under the presidency of the lady teachers in the Sunday school. Mr M'Kenzie, of Bridge street, was the caterer, and he gave every satisfaction. Subsequently the public meeting was held iu the church, in Skipton street, the pastor, the Rev. Mr Cami-ron, presiding. There was a large attendance, and among those present we noticed the. Rev. R. Kennedy and Mrs Kennedy, of Ciarendon College, Soldiers Hill. Mr Anderson, superintendent of the Sunday school, delivered an address on the work of the Sunday School, urging the parents to see that thier children attended their classes regu larly. The proceedings were enlivened by the singing of the Sunday-school and church choirs, the whole numbering about 120 voices. Mr J. T. Morris made an able conductor, and to him much credit is due far .the excellent manner ill which the singers acquitted themselves. Miss Anderson made an efficient organist. The average attend ance at the Ebenezer Sunday- school is about 250 pupils. Votes of thanks brought a very successful anniversary to a close. A Crown lands sale was conducted yester day at Mr W. Little’s auction rooms by Mr E. J. Nuzum, the first since that gentlemau has held the position of land officer at Bal larat. In all there were 14 lots submitted; of these two were withdrawn and for nue there was no offer. The total sum realised by the sale was £235 6s lOd. Mr IV. Little officiated as auctioneer. There was a blank charge-sheet at the Smythesdale police court yesterday. The anniversary of the Primitive Metho dist Sunday school, iltiinffray street, was celebrated on Sunday last, .when three sermons were preached, morning and even ing by the Rev. J. R. Currie, afternoon by Rev. J. Beck, to fair congregations. On Tuesday the usual tea and public meeting was held. The public meeting was presided over by Mr J. Jolly, the superintendent. Addresses by the Revs. Hunt, Currie, and Beck; also recitations and singing by the children-and friends. Miss L. Eva presided at the organ, and Mr G. Aisbett conducted. Members of the Ballarat Blue Ribbon Union, and others interested' iu the temper ance movement, will he pleased to read the following from the Daily Telegraph, relative to Mr J. \Y. Kirtmi, M.L.A. Our contem porary says:—“ Mr Kiiton alteady promises to take e very high place in the Assembly, by force of ability and character; aud, while on the education question he is at the opposite role to Dr Pearson, he is an infinitely wiser, and more intelligently loyal, friend to our school system, than that hopelessly fanatical gentleman.” The Ballarat Eist Board of Advice excur sion will take place to morrow, and tickets vvill'be available for return up to-the 4th December. The fares are as follow: Adults, Ss; uuder 23 years of age, 6s 6d: children, 2s 61. It is expected that a very large number of persons will join in the out ing. Tickets may he purchased to day op to 6 p.in. at IV. D. M’Kee’s, Bridge street; R. T. Vale aud Dixmi aud Sons, Sturt street. An extra supply of aduit tickets was received last night from the Railway De partment. The final meeting of Mr R. M‘Gregor’s committee took place last evening, when all accounts in connection with the election were passed for payment. It was unanimously re solved that a complimentary banquet be tendered to Mr R. M‘Gregor, the same to take place on Thursday, the 22nd inst. For same mouths the ladies connected with the Eyre street Primitive Methodist Church have been preparing for a bazaar, with a view to clear off an outstanding debt. It is announced that the sale of work and gifts will be opened this evening by Mr J. Banyan, of Creswick. The Christian Brass Baud will give selections during the even ing. It is iioped that there will he a large attendance. A child mimed Heibert Simpson, 2J years of age, the son of parents residing at Had den, died at the Hospital yesterday from brain fever. As he had been a patient of the institution for some days, no enquiry will be necessary. A number of paintings on gumleuves are now on exhibition in the window of Messrs Stausfiuld, Bush, aud Shepherd, of Sturt street. They are from the brush of Mr Eustuce, a provincial artist, ami, beside being admirably executed from an artistic point of view, they are somewhat unique. Being painted on eucalyptus leaves they ure peculiarly Australian productions. A curious story (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) reaches me anent a gentleman, Captain Ingram, who, if I mistske not, has relatives now living within three miles of a well known Western town. Captain Ingram, it is stated, some time before his death, un wound the cere-cloth of an Egyptian mummy, inside of which lie found a tablet prophesying that any one who.profaned that particular corpse—which must have had a line conceit of itself—would die a violent death within three months, and his bones be scattered to the winds of heaven. The pre diction was literally verified, for u ithin the prescribed period Captain Ingram was killed while elephant hunting in South Africa, only his thigh-bone remaining to attest his fate ! It is reported (says the Camperdown Chronicle) that an attempt was made daring Tnursday night to throw the contractors’ engine and passenger carriages off the IVarrnambool line by placing a sleeper on the rails. Fortunately the rain made the rails slippery, aud when the wheels came into contact with the sleeper they knocked it clear of the line. The authorities are said to be on the track of the offender and hope ahortly to make an arrest. The afftir took place uear IVarrnambool. Mr Slattery, of Dolly’s Creek, has been appointed assistant teacher at the Urquhart street State school, vice Mr Morrison, removed to Melbourne. It is announced that the 24 per cent, loan of a million pounds, by the London County Council, was subscribed threefold. A fire occurred iu a- wool train at the Albnry railway station on Sunday morning, under rather peculiar circumstances. The previous night the trucks arrived in the sta tion yard, and were left standing awaiting transhipment on Monday. In one of tiie trucks were also stored three or four bags of lime, and the heavy rain which fell eatly on Sunday morning caused the lime to slack and ignite the wool bales. There were for tunately a number of railway officials Oil the railway platform, am! by dint of much exer tion the fire was got under, but not before several bales of wool had been destroyed. 