MAIL NEWS. (From English Papers to 1936 January.) THE MORTER-BISMARCK INCIDENT : MORE SCANDALS PROMISED. The Morier incident appears to be still far from being at an end-if, indeed, the most interesting part of the affair has not still to come. The Berlin correspondent of the Times says There is no reason to doubt the statement of a semi-official writer to the effect that one of the chief captures made in the course of the Geffoken inquiry was a correspondence between Sir Robert Morier and that scholar, which is said to have acted on the latter as a direct exhortation to publish the diary of the Emperor Frederick in this manner. We are even promised an early sight of this impounded correspondence, which it is pretended will show her Majesty's present Ambassador at St. Petersburg in the light of a conspirator, or ring- leader of a clique of Prince Bismarck's foes, who aimed at toppling him down from his pinnacle of fame and power by means, among other things, of the weapons furnished by the recorded thoughts and actions of the late unfortunate Kaiser. The intrigue thus luckily unearthed, say the journalistic henchmen of the Foreign Office, though not within the scope of the criminal law, will shortly become the subject of political discussion," whatever that may mean ; but it evidently means something, as we shall soon see. The Cologne Gazette publishes an article upon the Morier incident seeking to throw suspicion upon the political character of the British Ambassador. The writer says : " There is in England a powerful party advocating an Anglo-Russian understanding. Now Sir Robert Morier, who was formerly held in great regard with the Queen of England and the Empress Frederick, forfeited their favour by the decided opposition which he offered to Bnttenbergism in the interest of an Anglo-Russian understanding.'' GENERAL BOULANGER INCOME AND EXPENDITURE. The Paris Radical has been adding up General Boulanger income for 1888. It finds that during the year he received Salary as Deputy, 9000fr. ; pension as a retired general, 10,000.; as a member of the Legion of Honour, 2000ft.; total, 1500ft. During the same twelve months his expenses were estimated to be: - Rent and servants, 20,000.; horses and carriage, 20,000.; personal expenses (clothes, cravats, perfumery, patent-leather boots,), 10,000.; dot of Mdlle. Boulanger, 100,000fr.; election expenses in fifteen departments, 3,000 000fr.; travelling expenses, 50,000.; total, 3,200 000fr. The expenditure consequently exceeded the receipts by 3,178,000fr. We know through 31. Charles Chincholle that his friend the General has received 400,000fr. from America. M. Laisant, in his speech at Nancy, stated that M. Henri Rochefort and Count Dillon have each invested 100,000. in the speculation. It, is also known that SQO,O00fr. have been subscribed by parties on the other side of the Rhine. But (says the Radical) all these sums only amount to l,100 000fr. Whence comes the remainder ? FACTS ABOUT BIBLE DISTRIBUTION. The British and Foreign Bible Society's district secretaries from all parts of the country held their annual conference at the society's premises in Queen Victoria-street, London, on Monday, 14th January. There are scattered throughout England no fewer than 5407 societies, auxiliaries, and branch associations. Besides raising funds for the British and Foreign Bible Society those branch organisations distribute copies of the Scriptures in the localities in which they are situated. Unlike the Religious Tract Society or the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge, the British and Foreign Bible Society is not a trailing concern-that is to say, the society does not make any profit by the sale of the Scriptures, inas- much as they either give or sell them at cost price. To give an idea of the extent of the work which is carried on by the society, it may be mentioned that they send away to different parts of the world between 7000 and 8000 Bibles, Testaments, or portions of Scripture every working day, or five copies every minute. The society spend £70,000 annually for printing Bibles in this country, and a considerable sum in foreign countries One of the latest of the 298 languages and dialects into which the Scripture has now been translated by the society is Lrrgunda, or the language spoken by the people of Uganda in Central Africa. The translation was made by Mr. Mackay, one of the Church Society's missionaries, a year or two ago in Mwanga's capital, and was brought to England by the Rev. Harry Ashe, who corrected it for he Press. NOBLE SPORTSWOMEN. Lady Eva Quin, the Amazon who has just killed five tigers in Upper India, seems (says a correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette) to have discovered a capital mode of letting off the irritation engendered by the unfortunate domestic trouble at Lord Connemara household. Lady Eva, during Lady Connemara indisposition, did the honours of the house for the Governor. Lady Connemara, who is a lady of a certain age, took umbrage at her position. Lady Eva left Madras, and apparently has found a good counter-irritant in tiger shooting in Upper India. There are few Nimrods of this description among sporting women. There is no reason, however, why they should not kill tigers. It requires nerve, coolness, and a steady shot. There is no muscular strain required as there is in some kinds of hunting. You sit in your howdah and blaze away. As long as you keep in the howdah and the tiger remains outside you are as safe as if you were on the knife board of a Piccadilly 'bus. H, however, you fall out of the tiger gets in the difference between man and woman counts for nothing in the odds in favour of the beast. Plenty of women shoot grouse, pheasants, rabbits, and such small deer. There are very few lady deer stalkers. Sir Samuel Baker's wife and the wife of the famous Nimrod who succeeded last year in killing the Ovus Poli in the heart of Central Asia bore almost all the privations of their husbands in the chase. Lady Morier, at St. Petersburg, is almost as expert an angler, where salmon are concerned, as her famous husband. THE "THIEVES' CANDLES." A trial which has just concluded in the government of Kursk, in Southern Russia, with the conviction of four peasants, for the murder of a girl of 11 they being sentenced to penal servitude for terms varying from eight to twenty years each, reminds the reader, in certain details, of the hideous and grotesque superstition about "thieves' candles" recently described by Dr. Black. The four peasants believed in the strange superstition that candles made from human fat render them invisible. In order to obtain this necessary material they first attempted to murder a boy in a forest ; next they tried to kill an old peasant, and afterwards a Russian clergyman, whom they met in a field. In all these cases they were unsuccessful, being disturbed before they could accomplish their fell purpose. On the 15th of October last, however, they came across a young girl, Lukeria Ckerkashina, in a lonely spot, and at once proceeded to strangle and mutilate her. Out of the fat from this child's body they made candles, with the help of whose supposed protecting rays they attempted a robbery. They were, however, caught and put in prison, where they conferred everything. It was stated in court that the superstition of "thieves' candles" is widespread in Russia. HINTS TO THE UNMARRIED. In a meeting of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, M. Joseph Kbriisi, director of the Budapest Statistical Bureau, read a paper on " The Influence of Parents' Ages on the Vitality of Children." M. Karolyi has collected about 30,000 data, and has come to the following conclusions: Mothers under 20 years of age and fathers under 24 have children more weakly than parents of riper age. Their children are more subject to pulmonary diseases. The healthiest children are those whose fathers are from 25 to 40 years of age, and whose mothers are from 20 to 30 years old. M. Kürüsi says that the best marriages are those in which the husband is senior to the wife, but a woman from 30 to 35 years old will have healthier children if her husband be somewhat younger than herself. A man from 30 to 40 years old ought to take a wife from 20 to 30. If the mother be five years older than the father the vitality of the children becomes impaired. Mr. T. Adolphus Trollope puts the following knotty point in " Notes and Queries SA. B. goes from London to Naples, leaving his wife resident in the former city. But he unfortunately, falls in love with a young lady at Naples and being a wicked man, with no fear of God and little fear of the law before his eyes, he determines to deceive, her by a bigamous and invalid marriage. He is accordingly, married, to all appearance legally, on board an English man- of-war in the bay, in the presence of the captain, at 11 o'clock in the morning of 10th February-the time being unquestionably ascertained. But the wife left in London died on that same 10th day of February at half-past 10 in the morning, the time being certified beyond all question. Well ! the case is clear and simple. A. B had been a widower for half an hour when he married, and could, of course, legally do so. But, stay ! When it was 10.30 in London it was 11.23 in Naples. Had a telegram been despatched instantly after the wife's death it would have reached Naples a few minutes later than 11.23, and would have found A. B. a married man of over twenty minutes' standing. His first wife died, in fact, twenty-three minutes subsequent to the Naples marriage, though that was authenti- cally declared to have taken place at 11 a.m., and the wife's death was with equal certainty shown to have occurred at 10.30. Was the marriage legal and valid, or bigamous and null? HOW TO BE HAPPY HERE BELOW. What is it that most makes me happy here below ? Carnot, the grandfather of the French President, defined the elements of happiness under ten heads, which may be compared with the list compiled by Count Tolstoi Carnot said: 1. Health. 2. An independent condition. 3\. A taste for work. 4. Tile esteem of people of worth. a. Love of society. G. Talent. 7. A knowledge of business. 8. Moderation. 9. A tendency to aid the unfortunate. 10\. Companionship of an amiable woman. Tolstoi: 1. Natural life in the open air, with intimate connection with earth, its plants, and animals. 2. Physical labour, bringing good appetite and sleep. S. Simple affectionate family life. 4. Free and familiar intercourse with your fellow-men. £3. Health and a natural painless death. v The lists are curious and suggestive. Most men can have all Tolstoi's ingredients. Some of Carnot's are unattainable for all but the gifted and wealthy. THE PRETTY ACTRESS AND THE YOUNG OFFICER. A story is going about which has a favourite and pretty actress as its heroine (says the London correspondent of the A'oltw/iliam Guardian). A young officer, the son of a well-known general, became infatuated with her. The general, on hearing of it, demanded that the affair should cease. It had not gone so far as a formal engagement, but was perilously near. The son refused, even when threatened that he would be forthwith reduced to beggary and transported to America. As a last resort, the general sent a trusted emissary to the lady, to implore her to break off the relations, and at the same time to tender her a blank cheque, which she could fill in to any amount. The lady's reply was to throw the cheque into the fire, to declare indignantly that she was not to be bought off, but that if it were for her lover's good she would give him up, and to burst into tears. Give him up she did too and the couple have never met since. I do not know what became of the young officer perhaps he ?? went to the wars in the hopes of having his miserable existence honourably ended-but the lady very soon consoled herself with another flame, who, however, has since given her up. THE EMPEROR AND THE SOLDIER. The Emperor of Russia has just decorated and rewarded a private soldier whose fidelity to his duty recalls the stories of the Roman sentinels who perished in the destruction of Pompeii. When the recent earthquake destroyed a small Russian town in Central Asia, this soldier was on duty in the military treasury. Although the houses were crashing around him this faithful fellow stood motionless, waiting death. The only sign which showed that he appreciated his situation was the fact that he raised his hands as soldiers do at prayer. Fortunately, a sergeant in the street saw him amid the ruins and instantly ordered him to quit his post, which he did right willingly. The undeviating obedience to the word of command, due to the true sense of duty which distinguishes the Russian soldier, has seldom been more strikingly displayed than by this solitary sentry, who, when an earthquake shook a town into ruins, refused to leave his post in the very midst of the crashing masonry. A WOULD-BE PRINCESS. H.R.H. the Prince of Wales will be surprised to learn (says the Pall Mall Gazette, that there is a lady styling herself Princess Athalos Kleiphtts, who is making a somewhat precarious living at Newark, New Jersey, by selling amulets and telling fortunes, who claims him as her father. According to her account her mother was the daughter of one of the plural wives of a king whose domain was in the -vicinity of Singapore. Her mother was in the juice of an East Indian potentate who visited London in 1869, when her mother was but 18 years old and still unmarried. " When the indian visitors returned to their native land, ' said the Princess, " I was born. Ex- planations followed, and the matter leaked out that I was the daughter of the Prince of Wales ! ' ' This lady, who appears to be a fraud of the first Abater, gives audiences in a room covered with Persian rugs and East Indian tapestry. In personal appearance she is small, below the average height ; her jet black hair is fastened with pig pins around her shapely head. Her features, while not regular, are pretty, and are set off by a pair of black eyes that are alter- nate!. ' slumberous and sparkling. in her business at Circular she describes herself as a sagacious sorce ess, panic predictor, and prophetess. As she goes on to say, she can be consulted on all his airs of business, love, marriage, lawsuits, lations, divorce, sickness, so., Sea. ; does friends and enemies ; removes all es and estrangements ; every hidden ry revealed." H.R.H. would do well to it once for his alleged daughter. Such a speed scrib front must send word n would be invaluable in any household W. IOW CHARTREUSE IS MADE. ,h reference to the report, which has been contradicted, that a London banking-house had offered £3,200,000 for the monopoly of the fabric ation and sale of the famous Chartreuse Jacmel -, the Paris correspondent of the Daily Tcl<;A'ph writes re-paid one of the monks to a visited one day, "You want to drink good Cbarrreu'e. I will give you the recipe. Take two-thirds yellow and one-third green in the same class. You will thank me for the hint." There ought to be no better judges of their own liqueur than the monks who superintend its preparation. It is not distilled in the monastery itself, but at some little distance in a block of buildings which form quite a village. ' | Numbers of outsiders are employed at the week, and it is only when it is approaching its fin J. stage that the monks step in and direct the in nature of certain ingredients which impart to the liqueur the delicate flavour for which it is sore nowned. Unstinted praise is given even by men who have no sympathy with the monkish orders to the liberality of the Chartreuse. They are thiilbenefactors of the whole of Dauphine. Tradesmen threatened with bankruptcy, unemployed workmen, widows, and orphans rarely plead in vain for succour and it is actually on record that officials who have " got into scrapes" over their accounts have often been helped out of their difficulties by a timely letter to the Grand Prior. An anecdote is related to-day of one of the clerks at the Prefecture who found himself £120 out of pocket when he came to balance the estimates of the department. He sent a letter of entreaty to the Pure General, but received no reply. The Prefect was expected at the monastery in the course of a few days, and this clerk was to accompany him. As the employs, taking his place at the dinner table, unfolded his napkin, he found under it the three lOOOfr. bank- notes which saved him from exposure and disgrace. It is estimated that the liqueur brings in no more than £100,000 a year, four-fifths of which go to the poor and the remainder to the treasury. Some years ago the Chartreuse were offered _1,GOO,000" for the monopoly, but they declined the offer. Now the bid is supposed to have been doubled. EXCITED FRENCH DEPUTIES. Party feeling seems to run very high in the French Chamber. A stormy scene was witnessed there on the 17th January One of the leaders of the Right-M. Pion, complained that the Government had illegally annulled a resolution of the Local Charitable Board at Lisle, and contended that the administration of local charities should not be interfered with by the Government for political purposes. The Under Secretary of State having vindicated the course pursued, the Right got very angry, aird vented its feelings by a demonstration such as the Conservatives do not often indulge in. Cries, yells, and the rapping of desk has created a perfectly terrific uproar, whilst member after member rushed to the tribune, shouted a few words, gesticulating fiercely, and rushed down again, followed by others, who went through the same process. The president, kept ringing his bell and shouting " Order" till he was red in the face, and beads of perspiration could be seen starting off his forehead. The Stanford, Paris correspondent tells us that at one time the whole House seemed to have gone mad, so violent was the outcry. Presently the stentorian voice of the Radical Count Douvrlle Marllofeu was heard above the din, "Let us adjourn to Bidel's Menagerie! The wild beasts' yolla are preferable to this." This Dally caused a laugh, and the tumult gradually ceased. I A PRINCE'S PRIVATE SECRETARY. Apropos of the volume of the "Prince of Wales's Speeches," published by Mr. John Murray to-day, is it permissible (asks a correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette) to wonder- l in the very lowest whisper whether the Prince keeps a " ghost's" Every statesman (who can afford it includes lins useful adjunct in his household and most of " the admirable speeches made by Mr. So-and-So yesterday were written the day before by Mr. So-and-So's private secretary. Of course, those little domestic details are not generally talked about. The only persons who make no secrecy about their ghosts are American millionaires, one of whom in coming over to England and advertising once for a private secretary, stated that the chief duties, of the post would be to issue all his invitations need to write all his speeches. Perhaps the Prince of Wales is industrious enough to dispense with such aid. Birt, at any rate, he does not expect his son to do so. Prince Albert Victor's ghost was for some time He accomplished Canon Dalton and I remember once being shown a quarto sheet of paper on which the worthy tutor had written out the terms not only of the speooh-in-chiof, but even of such formalities as, " Ladies and gentlemen, I thank you very heartily for the kind way in which you have received me." FATHER DAMIEN'S MARTYRDOM. The Rev. Mr. Comedy, who some time since went out to assist the Rev. Father Damien in his heroic work among the leper exiles at Molokai, one of the Sandwich Island groups, has written a letter to a Birmingham gentleman. In this he says c-We are here altogether about 150 people. Materially, the lepers are not very badly off, for the Government allows to each one of them lib. of meat and 2lb. of peas (which are very much like potatoes, per day. Other things are provided for the short time that remains of their life, which is from five to ten years at the most, the greater number hardly surviving more than five years. Father Damien has soon this population renew itself three times." Thru FATHER'S APPEARANCE.-LEPROSY'S AVORK. "Iain (Mr. Conmrdy proceeds) only going to give you a few lines of the good Father Damien, who will soon be no more, as he is falling a victim to his charity in England and America they call him the hero Martyr. It is my privilege to be near him, to live with him. Leprosy has done its work-in turns, at his ears, his eyes, nose, throat, his hands, and his lungs. The poor Father- has suffered dreadfully. He is completely disfigured ; his voice is almost extinct. If you could only see him as he lies in his little room, on the floor, upon his bed of suffering, tears would come into your eyes at the sight of that man, who has done so much for thousands of lepers, now IiimBolf reduced to so terrible a condition, and so very little can be done for him. People call it a sacrifice to live with lepers ; but, only on seeing oueBelf a leper, and nothing but lepers around, then only does the extent of the sacrifice become apparent. Fortunately for Father Damien, he has yet the use of his hands, which a great number of our people have lost and also that his feet are not yet failing to pieces, as happens to so many here." HEAD CARPENTER IN THE BUILDING. " It would be a sad thing for me if Father Damien were to leave me now. He is yet so useful, so necessary, and that for may thingS. He has under his charge over 100 leper orphans. This in itself is not a light burden, there being no one to help us but leper boys ; besides, the number increases every week. The Father has also begun (about a month after my arrival to build anew church (30ft. by 70ft. ), 40ft. of which is of stone, and the rest of wood. We have only one mason, a white leper, an Irish- man. The poor man has already one foot very bad. He assistants, who make up the mortar, bring up the stone, &c;, are all young lepers. Father Damien is the head carpenter, and his helpers are two or three leper boys. They have now, happily, come as far as the roof. Everything was ready to have the iron roofing put up, but on unloading this in a small boat the latter capsized. The iron is now at the bottom of the sea. It took five months to bring it from England. May heaven preserve the good Father Damien at least one year longer, no matter how for after all, it is better to be two together than alone. I live with him we have our meals together, for I have entirely overcome my repugnance." LEPERS' GREETINGS TO LEPERS. "I am now in the hands of God. Some Sometimes when I am kneeling by the side of poor leper, from whom exhales an odour that would put the most courageous to flight, I often think that I am doing a little of my purgatory. Regularly every week a small steamer makes its appearance here, and very early in the morning announces, by the loud blowing of its whistle, that lepers have been landed. Then, those who can, hurry to the shore. Often we find our newcomers soaking wet through. Now, again, begin the cries and team, for one sees here the meeting again of a husband and his wife, or a wife seeing her husband among them, sometime a child seeing its father and mother. They take the names of the new arrivals and everyone sets out to find a lodging. Although I am not a leper, I could not I leave here to go to any other of these islands without a proper certificate from the Board of Health. But I have no wish to go anywhere. My mission is here, and here I'll remain." MISCELLANEOUS. The Parnell Indemnity Fund is now said to amount to £30,!l*)0. The Moroney Fund reaches £540. ingenuity is not dead yet, even in effete Europe. A company has just been formed in London to run small one-horse omnibuses on short routes at halfpenny fares. Every second or third omnibus will be a smoking car, and these latter will be fitted with automatic delivery boxeR for the supply of cigars and cigarettes. These smoking omnibuses will also be fitted with racks of newspapers, so that a passenger may read the latest news solaced by a more or less excellent cigarette. The pretensions of ladies in regard to their own matrimonial value appear to be on the increase. A few years ago Miss Maggie Macfarlane, in "Engaged," realising that "two gun were two pun," expressed her willingness to transfer her affections for the sum mentioned. Miss Annie Macfarlane-who, to judge by her name, is probably a relation of Mr. Gilbert's heroine evidently considers that the time has come to change all that With this view she has brought an action for breach of promise against a Mr. Hogg, claim- ing damages to the tune of £5000; and the Edinburgh Court of Session has ordered that the case shall go before a jury. In support of her demand the new Miss Macfarlane adduces a letter in which she is addressed by her quondam lot or as " Sandio's own dear Ruegie- ! duggie There should be moderation in all things and one may be p pardoned for seeking some compensation in return for the injury done to one's feelings by such a de scription V curious photographic apparatus, by which a camera is raised by a rocket and lowered by a parachute, is being developed a Paris correspondent says, by a French inventor M Amedee Denisso In its experimental form, the Mlmdrioal camera has twelve lenses round its circumference, with a sensitive plate in its centre, and it is provided with a shutter, which opens and instantly closes as the apparatus commences to fall The descent is en- ed by the opening of the attached pat lounge, which is drawn back to the operator by a cord attached before the firing of the rocket Tor coming bird's eye views the photo locket offers several important and outrages ever b balloon photographs, such as compared e cheapness in operating and freedom from risk in case of use for military tree onions ing A singular method of treating persons dis- orders especially those allied with insanity, is reported from lilly in the columns of the ISneiitille inte) lean It consists simply of con fining the patients in rooms where the light is among d to pass through coloured plays, the walls being nlhO coloured Red, him, and violet are the tints which have been found to exercise the most beneficial effect on the mind of the issue, and it is said that a violent patient suddenly introduced into a Violet room-the windows and walls being tinted was perfectly calm in un born or two The red room is used for cases of melancholia accompained by distaste for food , and one patient suffering acutely, after three years' residence in the red hue became cheerful, and asked for food A Russian official return states that in 1887 the Rust] in tobacco factories turned out girls 7i(i,S j'loiirarettea, and 7<-,270,701" organs, of the first quality The question of the future home of the Em price of Germany is not likely (says I must ian) to prove the more consideration of con Aonionto'thnt many people imagine Since I informed my contemporaries that the press had the very strongest desire to buy an estate in this country, there have been in my opinions and much control early in Berlin as to the political significance of such a probability I have reason to believe that in the highest circles something more than verbal protest would succeed such a course of action It is in a measure to militate against this hitherto so let and ominous scheme that the Empress, contrary to the wishes of the Queen, will return to Germany for a while during the ensuing month Those of endures with which the Empress was recently occupied for the pur- chase of an estate in England have been with three n nor do I think that there is any time ditto probability of the renewal A remarkable case of somnambulism has just occurred at Tientsin Major, a few miles from Ciudill Some men near the Town Hall, in the centre of the tow ii, saw a well dressed young woman pass them and go in the direction of the cliffs They wished her "Good not rung," but she did not make any reply short time after uds some persons on the shore he ml ones to help, and on going to the spot found the s, young lady Ijingatthc foot of the cliffs, hot thigh being broken in three places She was unable to account for her presence here and her funnels thought he still in bed She must have got up in her shop, dressed herself and while in a state of (somnambulism Al talked over the evils, which are OOft high Sir M Hicks Beach's programme for the enlightened Unionist party is as follows 1 farm of the House of Lords 2, reform of the Established Chui of reform of the procedure of the Commons I, reform of Irish Local Government it, reform of Irish education G, do\ elopement of Irish industries 7, increase of the navy) Actors are reputed to be the gentlest critics of fellow actors but Mr Edward Terry (the real Mr Edward Terry the one who played in the witness box, not in the dock, at the Old Bailey in a personation case lately) can say a severe thing, or perhaps it would be more to rect to say that he can be severely reticent lhoquostion was whether it was possible for an experienced actress to j limp into the very first rank of his profession without a long course of study, preparation, and practice Mr Terry did not seem to believe but Pressed by counsel, who quoted two recent cases of sudden success, he took refuge in criticism It was said that Mrs Langtry had flashed before the world suddenly "Yes," said Mr Terry), "but she never flashed before me " Evidently Mr Petty was not dazzled by the matter Asked whether he had ever heard of Mrs Brown Potter, he confined himself to saving that the ozs e heard of Mrs Brown-Potter that was all but Mr Terry has a way of saying things (A high makes them mean a good deal and he, at any rate, does not seem to think that the English actress needs to be protected against Transatlantic competitors 