MANY SINGULAR COINCIDENCES are related in connection with the career of Louisa Collins, and the more venturesome go ? so far as to attribute to her other tragedies. Among these may be mentioned the circum- stances surrounding the death of a baby, whose parents occupied the next house to this woman. The child was about eight or nine days old when Mrs. Collins visited the house — a most unusual occurrence, and suggested that the child should be given some condensed milk, which she almost immediately produced. She then insisted, it is alleged, on feeding the child, and having done so left the house. Soon after; her departure the baby took ill, end died suddenly. A second case to be quoted is that of an ex-cavalry soldier, named Coulter, who boarded with the Andrews family. He was at one time a hale, hearty, fine-looking man, but during his resi- dence in Botany gradually seemed to waste away, and was repeatedly complaining of sickness. On one occasion he went "up country" for the benefit of his health, and also went to a hospi- tal. There the doctors were quite unable to in any way account for the sickness. However, Coulter recovered and returned to Botany, where he replied to an inquiry after his health — "Oh! I'm getting very bad again. I've had enough of it, and I'm off." He soon after left for England. Another remarkable episode in the whole affair is related as follows : The blood-curdling connections of Pople's Terrace having led to a painful feeling in the minds of a small section of the community some, more superstitious than the rest, conjured up A GHOST. The inevitable Christmas ghost of the lonely suburb! Those who started this most ridiculous of all theories positively aver, with blanched faces, bated breath, and trembling nervousness, that on stated occasions, stifled, agonised and blood- curdling moanings, together with sounds as if caused by a person retching, have been dis- tinctly heard at the house since the committal of the crimes. As the house is still untenanted it is not unfair to surmise that the ghost conjuror has been over-awed by the solemn stillness of some lovely night, and that recollections of a "good-night" drink have muddled a superstitious brain. 