Broadbrim's Washington Centennial letter. " Bleas the Lord that mine eyes have seen it j now let thy servant depart in peace." For never again on this side of the " golden gates " shall I see such another glorious and glittering pageant. I have seen much of this world and its glory. It is now nearly forty years since I stood on Hyde Part corner when Prince Aliert, then in his prime, passed by attended by a brilliant cavalcade to open the Crystal Palace, the ghost of which now stands at Sydenham-the wonder and delight of the modern cockney, who reads its legends iu the light of ancient history.and takes his sweet* heart out once a week to see the wonderful fireworks. It was a great day. All England was out, and many lands beside. Muley Hassr.n from the Saharean Desert gazed in wonder at an American threshing machine and mower, and Chinese, Persians, and Tar tans regaled themselves on ham sandwiches prepared in Chicago, albeit that the Prophet announced to the faithful that a devil incar nate lay hidden in the ribs of the succulent porker. It wbb a great day, a very great day j and the London Times on the ollowing morning boldly declared, " That as in all the ages the world had never before witnessed EUch a gathering, so centuries would probably paBS before the world would witness such another." Then came the Exposition at Paris, and Louis Napoleon, then injthe zenith of his fame and glory, surrounded by one of the most brilliant staffs that ever encircled an -emperor, proclaimed the First Paris Exposi tion open. Then-came Vienna, and soon fol lowing our own national celebration, in 1876. Marvellous was that wonderful pageant. I stood near General Grant on the grand stand when he came, attended by George Washing ton Child?, and I followed him down to the machinery hall and stood beside the great Corlies engine when, with his hand on the lever, he set that vast world of machinery in motion, whose rumbling thunder reverberated around the globe. Wonderful were the sights of that great day-never to be forgotten. Then came the Paris Exposition of 1878, where th& wealth of the world poured its genius, its gold, and its glittering jewels into the Industrial Palace, on the Champs de Mars. The dazzling splendour of the scene in the Trocadera, when President McMahon announced the Exposition open and, 'attended by the Prince of Wales, swept down across the Seine, no pen can limn and no mortal tongue describe. I sit here to-night with all these over powering memories fresh upon me, yet, along side of the pageant of the past three days they were but as the " sounding brass and the tinkling symbol." The celebration of Washington's Inaugura tion started in the brain of a single individual in a country town in New Jersey, nearly five years ago. It was [talked up and taken in hand by a few old fossils who never did any thing but talk, and the project died, still-born. After lyicjf in the grave two years it was resur rected and the new cominittce^tgave it a start, hut it was not till last fall that the committee was perfectly organized, then the thing took shape, and from that hour the colebration has grown like Jonah's gourd. It resembled a mighty river af ;er a trerrific storm, when the flood rises higher and higher and higher, till at last it overflows its banks and, bursting all bounds, sweeps everything before it.^We knew here in New York that we had a big thing on oar hands, but not one in a thousand imagined the extent of the reality. New York is a large city, we are used to taking care of Tast crowds of peoplo. Fifty thousand a day is our floating population. Brooklyn is a city eight or nine miles long by five broad, solidly]' built with ! houses, yet with the densest packing, 1 the broadest public liberality, and the ; most boundless private hospitality, we could ! hardly shelter the struggling host that swept down upon and fought for shelter and food with an importunity that would not be denied For several days before the 30th the city began to fill up and by Sunday there was hardly a hotel or boarding house that had shelter for another soul. The quiet of the Sabbath was ! broken by the rnsh of thousands of strangers representing every class and condition of men Gay uniforms were everywhere 5 they sur rounded the hotels, they filled the churches, they crowded the sidewalks. We have seen nothing like it since the war. Sunday night brought no peace. Bands of jubilant patriots paraded the streets all night singing jubilee songs and occasionally switching off to a Moody and Sanfeey hymn, the burden of which was " Ninety and Nine, " and imtiniat ing by way of parenthesis that it would be a I mighty cold day when any of that crowd got left. Monday, all New York poured down toward the Battery. All the war-ships at command had taken their stations in the harbor, and the entire bay was covered with all sorts of craft decked with the gayest of bunting. All the yachts were bright and trim, their brass and ruckle plating glistening in the sun, and their snow-white sails ill sharp contrast sgainst the bright blue sky and the dark waters of the bay made the whole scene one of dazzling splendor. On every coigne of vantage hundreds and thousands were perched and packed, all eyes being turned towards the lower bay from which the President was expected. As the Dispatch hove in sight pandemonium broke loose ; steam whistles screamed, cannon thundered, women waved their handkerchiefs, children cried, and mon roared themselves hoarse, till the very heavens seemed to shake at the clamorous tu mult of welcome. Then came the Grand Re caption nt the Equitable Building, the Recep tion at the City Uall, and the G-rand Ball at night, which ended the first d.ty in a blaze of glorv. Tuesday, Time W»b rolled back a hun dred years. G-eorge Washington was once more on his way to take the oath of office as fir.-i President of the Republic. Wall Street has altered since G-eorge Wash ington stood on the balcony of Federal Hall to take the oath of office. Very plain houses, surrounded by pleasant gardens, stoo l between him and the river, and within pistol-shot was the old slave market where, once each week, likely negroes were put up fur sale ; the auc tion block standing in full sight, right in the middle of the strept. Far different was the scene that greeted President Harrison. Behind him was a mas ive structure of solid granite, and beside liimf in imoerishable bronze, the towering figure os the Father of his Country. Sweet and joyoul chimes rang out from Trinity's beautifu, spire ; not the same Trinity that Washington gazed on, though around its honored walls molder the ashes of many who were Lis audit ors on that memorable day. It is impossible to accurately describe the scene in front of the Sub-Treasury building. Broad-stieet, Wall-street, and Nassau-street were one dense mass of human beings, strug gling, twisting, fighting for a chance to see the show or get out, and ladies in fine dresses, for the nonce, had thrown their dignity and their fears to the winds, and, unterrified by soldiers' bayonets or policemen's clubs, fought t'ueir way to the front ranks, a crushed bonnet and a torn shawl or dress often paying the price of the victory. It was a notable assemblage on the platform in front of the Sub Treasury. The Chief Magistrate though the central figure was by no means the most conspicuous person there. Beside and around him were the nob lest representatives of the intellectual culture, genius and wealth of the land, a company liat might well hare dwarfed a mightiert man than the president. The peculiar character of our institutions waB never better illustrated than in the fact that be who one year ago would have received the willing hom age of millions was now an almost inconspicuous observer of the pageant with, none so poor to do him reverence. It is an easy thing for some paper header critic to pooh-pooh at the efficiency of our citizen soldiers, but I pity that man if lie be an American citizen, whose heart did not- bwcII I with pride as he saw our brave soldier boys marcli up Broadway on Tuesday and the magnificent procession o£ Wednesday., For the first time in tlio history of the Republic the representatives of all the States met armed with the panoply of war,, but with good will upon their lips and peace-in^ their hearts, to do homage and honor to the ,1Re public which Washington and the fathers' founded. As soon as the exercises at the Sub-Treasury were ended the President and his party dashed between the reviewing lines to the grand stand at Madison Square. Then for many hours passed in review such a glittering pageant as no one in this land had ever seen before, and wlii^h it is altogether probable none of the present generation will ever see again. The limit of these letters does not permit even a passing notice of this wonderful display. While the military pageant was imposing, far beyond anything ever seen in New York, it was to the great mass of the people by no means the most in teresting or instructive. The various tableau in Washington's career carried one back a hundred years, and many of them told more eloquently than words, the sacrifices and sufferings and triumphs of the men who won our independence and dedicated this land to freedom forever. One tableau, Washington surrounded by his generals, will never he for gotten. Our Q-erman citizens covered them selves with glory. Their military displays are always good, for they are a nation of soldiers, but in civic displays the world can not match them. In this letter there are a thousand tilings of which I desire to speak but which I will have to defer to a future time. The reception at Equitable Building; the services at old St. Pauls, where Washington knelt and prayed, and which is the only relic left standing on Broadway of revolutionary days ; the grand ball; the supper; the loan collection of revolutionary relics, which, better than whole libraries of books, give you an id si of the magnificence of those old Republican aristo crats who wanted to call Washington Yonr Higline#s, and who addressed his wife as Lady Washington up to the day of her death, j No less interesting than the wonderful ; pageant itself was the vast crowd of visitors from every State in the Union. And grati fying beyond expression is the fact that among a million and a half of strangers who visited our city, there were so few accidents and com paratively so few losses. Our country friends wanted to take in everything. The Bartholdi statue, the big Bridge, the obelisk in the Park, the Metropolitan Art Museum and all the other sights. Our police organization was absolutely perfect, and order reigned at War saw. Hundreds of thieves were scooped up and caged where they could do no barm, thus enabling many a poor countryman to reach home without borrowing the money that carried him. The celebration is over and we now enter on the second century of our ex istence under a constitutional government. The scenes through which we have passed for the past week should fire our hearts with patriotism and love for the Rehublic which we trust will be the" heritage of our children down to the end of time. 