I ICE BOUND.j I By W. OLABK B.USSELL, | Author of 'The Wreck of the JfraneiHrf* * 'jac&M; Courtship.* 'WyffiuehSs- i tow,' ltThe Ijady ^ I CHAPTER TL ?; H aw xblibs or tea J I had to approach ths ccagC^gUfelp ^wo fnii« before I couldjp|gfgy^]gnira^ ite nature, and thenaUjgj^i^ now 1^1 measure gi*to|^«tfing iipon lb* dark bine waters MamWommoQ the field of theaky. ?? ftrriT4WWi«' of land madefhe^Mfcasras enonnousas space Itself. T?Ti£b»li **ifdl,ele«r .horizon, tb« immensity, of Jthedeepwaa a. measure limited to the vision -t^. its cincture. Bat this ice line give th* *y9«pisttalng to msa*. ore with, and when I looked at those leagues of frozen shone myvfpMta sank into^-deepest . dejection at the thought .of the^riurtnen of the waters In whoee Jwart I floated In .my little boat However, I resolved afctat.tp land If land ing was possible. Icoold' stretch my limbs,' recruit myself by -exercise, and Aightevgn make shift to obtain a night* .rest, . I stooa is desperate need ot de^batjhenirasfio repose to be bad in tbe boat.'- Xdimftnotlis' down in her; if nature overcame me.jtnd I fell asleep in a sitting posture, I might walm to find tho boat capsized and myself drown ing. This consideration resolved me, and by this time being within half a mile of the coast, I ran my eye carefully along it to ob serve a safe nook for my boat to enter and myself to land in. Though for a great distance, as I have said, tbe front of the cliff, and where it was highest, too, was a sheer fall, coming like tbe side of a hpusp to the water, that part of tho Island toward which my boat's head was pointed sloped down and continued' in a low ehore, with hummocks of ice upon it at irreg ular intervals, to where if died out in the northeast Veiy happily, Ibad insensibly steered for perhaps the safest spot that I could have lighted on. This was formed of a large pro jection of rock, standing aslant, so that the swell rolled past it without break ing. The rock made a sort of cove, toward which I sailed in full confidence tbat tbe water there would bo smooth. Nor was I de ceived, for I saw that tho rock acted as a breakwater, whose still influence was felt a good way beyond it ' 1 thereupon steered for Lho starboard of this rock, and when I was within it found the heave of the sea dwin dled to a scarce perceptible undulation, whereupon I lowered my sail, and standing to the oar sculled tbe boat to a low lump of Ice, on to which I stepped. II thereupon steered for the starboard of j this rock. Having secured tbo boat, I beat my bonds heartily upon my breast, and fell to pacing a little level of ice while I considered what I Eliould do. Tho coa6t— I cannot but speak of this frozen territory as land— wont in a gen tle slope belu'ud mo to tho height cf about thirty feet; tbe ground was greatly broken wit'j rocks and bowlders and sharp points, whence 1 6Utj)octed many fissures in which the- mow might not be so hard but tbat I might sink deep enough to be smothered. I saw no cave nor hollow that I could moke a bedroom of, and the improved circulation of my blood giving me spirits enough to resolve rjuickly I made up my mind to use my boat as r bed. So I went to work. I took the oar and jammed it into such another crcvice as the mtr-t stood in, and to it I secured tbe boat by another line. This moored ber very 6afely. ThtMt! was os good promise of a fair, quiet nigiil u6 I might count upon in these treacher ous latitudes'; Jtbg haven in which tbe boat lay \\.-j ?? i-L-.korod, and tlie water almost still; and t L: , I reckoned, would hold while the breeae hi '.j; northerly it:id the 6wcll rolled from the northeast. I spread tho 6ail over tbe seats, which served as beams for tho support of this little ceiling of canvoe, and enough of it reiuoinod to supply me with a pillow and to corn- my lips. I fell to this work while there was light, and when I had prepared iny habitation 1 took a bottle of aJe and a handful of victuals. ashore and mado my sup ]kt, walking briskly while I ate and drank. By this time the moon was up; but the rocks hid the side of tbe sea she rode over, and ber face was not to bo viewed from where I was until sho bad marchod two-thirds of her path After a good look seaward and at the hea vens to satisfy myself on tbe subject of tbe weather, aud after a careful inspection of tbo moorings of tbe boat; I entered her, feel ing very sure tliatjf a sea set in from the west or south and tumbled her, the motion would quielJyiirbuso'iuo;-and 'getting under the roof of 6&il;, with my legs along tbo bot tom and my back against tlie stein, which I had bolstered with the slack of tbe canvas, I oorumcudod myself to God, folded my arms, ond went to sleep. CHAPTER VH. I AM ETAJITLED By A DJSCOVKBT. In this uneasy posture, despite tho intense | cold, 1 continued to sleep soundly during the ' greater part of tbo night I was awakened , by a horrid dream of some giant shape stalk- , ing down the slope of ice so seize and devour mo, and sat up trembling with borror that was not a little increased by my.iunbility to recollect myself, and by my therefore con* coivhig tlie canvas that covered me to bo tho groping of tbe ogre's hand over my face. | I pushed tbe sail away and stood up, but j had instantly to 6it again, ipyJsgs Jrtiug ter- ! ribly cramped. A drink of ; spirits .helped mo; my blood presently flowed with brisk Tho moon was in the west; she bung large, red and distorted, and shed no light asYs her reflection, that waved in tinder bar like several lengths of undi^Ating, red hot I had do mind to lie down «g»dn. The cold indeed was cruelly sharp, tiie smoke sped from my mouth at every breath, as though I held a tobacco pipe betwixt my teeth. . I got upon tbe ioe and stepped about it^qolokly, darting searching glances f nfv- the gloom to left and right ot the setting jpioon; but all lay bare, bleak black. Jt seemed as if the night had only jost de scended, so tardy was tbe dawn. Outside the slanting wall of ice that made my haven* the swell swept past in a gurgling, bubbling, drowning sound, dismal and ghastly, as though in truth some such ogre as the mon ster I had dreamed of lay suffocating there. X welcomed the cold coloring of tbe east as if it had beijn aldiip, and watched tbe stars dy ing and the frozen^ shore darkening to the dim and sifting ainwn behind it, against wbjebthe outline of the ran in a broken Stwshk-fof ink.' 'The., rising of tbe sun gave aneZreeh life. , v- 1 made up my, mind to fUmh as high as t could, taking 'ibe 'oar with me to serve as a pole, thai. I mightviewihe#ce and tho ocean round about, and $Qijn a judgment of tbe \- weather by the aspebb of the sky, of which only the western perfc-wasvisiblefrommy low strand. Bat first X must break iny fast. I remember bitterly 'lamenting tho lack of means toynakea^reythatE might obtain a warm meal and a.': hot drink, and dry my gloves, coat and breeches, to which tho damp of the -salt clung tenaciously. Had tbis ice been land, though -the most 'desolate, gloomy, repulsive spot. in lhe. world, Z had surely found something thai would burn. I sat in the boat to eat my slender rejiast, and when it was ended X pulled tbo oar out o£ tbe crevice, and found it would make me a good pole to probe my way'with and support myself by up the slope. The boat was now held by the mast, which I shook and found very firm. I put an empty beer bottle in my pocket, meaning to see if I could fill it, if tbe enow up above was sweet enough to be well tasted, and then with a flnni look ot tbe boat 2 started. Tbo slope was extremely craggy. Blocks of ice biy about, some on top of the others, and I had sometimes to warily walk fifty or sixty paces round these blocks to come at a part of the 6lope that was smooth. 1 had come to a stand to fetch a breath, and was moving on afresh, when, having taken not lialf a dozen steps, I spied tbe figure of a man. He was lu a sitting jwBture, bis bock against a rock tbat had concealed h''»' His head was bowed, and his knees drawn up to a level with his chin, and his naked bonds were clasped ujion his legs. His atti tude was that of a person lost in thought— very easy nod calm. 1 stopped as if I had l-een shot through tbe heart. Had s* beeu a bear or a sea lion, or any creating which my mind could instantly have nssoq^a-sd with tliis white and starless desolation, 1 might have been shu- tled indeed; but m- such /iinazement could have possessed me as I now felt. It never entered into my head to dffubt tbat he was alive, 60 natural was his attitude, as of odu lost in a mood of tender melancholy. 1 stood staring at him, myself motionless, for some minutes, too greatly astonished and thunderstruck to note more than tbat he was a inan. Then I looked about me to see if ho had companions or for some feigns of a habitation, but the ice was everywhere naked. I fixed my eyes ou him again. His lmir was above n foot long, black as ink, ond the blacker may bo for the contrast of tbo b-now. His beard and mustache, which were also or this raven hue, fell to bis girdle. Ho M ore a great yellow flapping hat, such as was in fashion umong liiu Spaniards and buccaneers of the South sea; but over bis ears, for tlw warmth of tbo protection, were squares of flannel tied uuder bis beard by a very lino rod sill: luuidkerobicf; and this, with his hair ond pule cheeks and black shaggy eyebrows, pave him a terrible and ghastly upj»cnraiiix\ From his shoulders hung a rich thick cloak, lined with red, ond tbe legs to the height of the knees were in cased in large boot---. I continued surveying 1dm with my heart beating fast. Every iuslant I expected to see him turn his bend and start to behold me. I coughed loudly, holding my j-olu in readi ness for whatever might befall, but be did not stir; 1 then holloaed, and was answered by the echoes of my own voieo umong the rocks. His stillness persuaded mo ho was in one of tbosodeep slumbers which fall upon a man in frozen plncos; fori could not per suade myself be was dead, so living was £i»is posture. This will not do, thought I; bo I went close to him and peered into bis face. I ti'cnC close to him and peered into his face. His eyes cere fixed; tbey resembled glass painted as eyes, the colors faded. He had a broad belt round his waist, and tbe bilt of a kind of cutlass peeped from under bin cloak; otherwise he was unarmed. I thought he breathed, and seemed to eeo a movement in his breast, aud 1 took him by tbe shoulder, but iu the I irry of my feelings I exerted more strength than I was sensible of. I pushed him with the violence of 6udden trepidation; my hand slipped off his shoulder, and ho fell on his side, exactly as n statue would, preserving big posture as though, like a statue, bo had been chiseled out of marble or stone. I started back frightened by his fall, iiifl which my fears found asortof life; but it was soon clear to mo bis rigidity was that of a man frozeu to death. His very hah' and beard stood stiff, as before, us though Uioy were some exquisite counterfeit in ebony. Perfectly sntisflcd that bo was dead, I stopped round to the other side of him and set him up as I had found him. He was es heavy as If he bad been alive, and when I put bin back to the rock bis posture was exactly os it had been— that of one deeply meditating.' Who bad this man b^tai in life? 'How bad he fallen into this* pass! 'Hinv long bad lie boon dead tbore, seated as I saw him? Tbeso were s|-cculatious uot to bo resolved by coujotjturc. Ou looking at tho rock against which ho loaned ? o&d; observing its curvature, t( letopd to me that it bad formed part of a ' ' ? ? cave, or of some largo deep -hole of ice; and this, I was sure, must have been the case— Cor it is certain that, had this body remained long unsheltered, it must have bw-n by the snow. Icoucluded then that the unhappy hod been cast away upon tbis ico while it was under bleaker heights these poral lels, and that he had crawled -into a hollow and perished in that melancholic sitting poet Thinking I might find something on his pereou to acquaint tne with his story, or that would furnish me with some idea of the date of bis being cast away, I palled his cloak aside and searched his pockets. His legs wore thickly casedin twoor three pairs of breeches, the outer pair being of a dark green doth. He also wore a handsome red waistcoat, laced, and a stout coat of a ldnd of frieze. In his coat pocket I found a silver tobaoco box,, a 6inall gloss flask fitted with a silver band and half full of an amber colored liquor, hard froze; and in bis waistcoat pocket o gold wutcb, shaped like an apple, the back curiously chased and inlaid with jewels of several lands, forming a smalt letter M. Tb* bauds i-ointcd to twenty minute after three. A key of a strange shape and a number of seals, trinkets, and tbe like were attached to the watch. These things, together with a knife, a key, a thick plain silver ring, and some Spanish pioccs in gold and silver were what I found on this inou. There was nothing to tell me who be was, nor how long he bad been on the island. Tho searching him was the most disagree ablo job I ever undertook In my life. His ii-on-hkc rigidity made him seem to resist me, and the swaying of his back against tho rock to tbo motions of my hand was so full of life that twice 1 quitted him, frightened by it. Ou touching his naked hand by acci dent, I discovered that the flesh of it moved U|-on the bones as you pull a glove off and ou. I hod bad enough of him, end walked away fetdiug sick. I pushed onward, stooping warily ond probing cautiously ot seey step, and earn estly j veering about me, far after such o sight os tbat dead. man I was never to know wliut nun- wonder I might stumble upon. Al-out a quarter of a mile on my left— tbat is, on my left whilo I kept my face to the slope there was the appearance of a ravine not dis cerniblo from where tho boat lay. When I was within twenty feet of tbe summit of tbe cliff, tbe acclivity continuing gentle to the very brow, but much brokeu, as I have said, 1 noticed tbis hollow, and more particularly a small collection of ice forms, not nearly so large as tbe otber groups of this kind, but most dainty and lovely, nevertheless. Tbey showed as the heads of trees might to my osocnt, and when 1 bad got a little higher I observed that they were formed upon tbe hither side of tbe hollow, as though the con vulsion which had wrought rhnani had tossed up those exquisite caprices of ice. Howo\ er, I was too eager to view the pros pect from the top of the cliff to suffer my admiration to detain me; in a few minutes I hod gained tho brow, aud, clambering on to a mass of rock, I sent my gaze around. CHAPTER Vm. THE FIIOZEN GCaOONEB, 1 found myself on the summit of a kind of table land ; vast bodies of ico, every block weighing hundreds and perhaps thousands of tons, lay scattered over it, yet for the space of a mile or so the character was that of flatness. Southward tho range went upward to a coastal front of some hundred feet, with a huddle of peaks and strange configurations behind soaring to an elevation from the sea lino of two or three hundred feet. North ward the mugG sloped gradually, with sucha shelving of it« hinder pajt tbat I could catch a glimpse uf a little space of tbe blue sea that way. Fi-om this I j-erceivod tbat whatever thickness aud surface of ico lay southward, in the north it was attenuated to the shape of a wedge, so that its extreme breadth where it projected its rapo or extremity would not excoed a im^ket bhot. Being ou tbo top of th? runge now, I could plainly bcar- the noises of the splitting and internal convulsions of this va*t formation. The sounds arc not deacribable. It was im possible to Ux the direction of these sounds— the island was full of tbeni, and always sul lenly booming upou the breezo was the voice of tlie ocean swell burbling in foam o-gntngf. the ice coast that confronted it. You may talk of the solitudu of Selkirk; but surely tbo spirit ol' loueliuess in him could not rival the unutterable emotion of solitariness that filled my mind as I sent my gaze over thoso miles of frozen, stu-less white ness. He bad tbo sight of fair pastures, of trees making u twinkling twilight on tbe swrn-d, of grassy savannas and pleasant slopes of bills; the air was illuminated by tbo glorious plumoge of flying birds; the bleat of goats broke tho stillness in the val leys; there was a golden regale for his eye, and his other souses were gratified with the lK.-rfuines of rich flowers and cngngiug con certs among tbe trembliug leave;. Above all, there was the soothing warmth of a de licious climate. But out upon those heaped aud Bpreadiug plains of buow nothing rtirred, if it weit) not once that I was startled by a loud report, nnd spied u rook about half a mile away slide down the edgo of the fiat cU/I'aik! tumble into the sea. I turned my eyes^seaward. Thero were a few heavy clouds in the noEtheast, so 6teainlike tbat methought tbey borrowed their complexion from tho snow on tbo island's capo there. I was pretty 6ure, however, that there was wind behind them, for if the roll of tbo oeouu did not rignify heavy weather near to, tliun what else it be tokened I could not imagine. I cannot express to you how tbo very soul Within me shrank from putting to sea in the littlo boat. Tut I could not but consider that it would be equally shocking to me to be locked up in tbis slowly crumbling body of ice— nay, tenfold more shocking— and that, if 1 bad to choose betweeu tho boat and this hideous solitude and sure starvation, I would cheerfully accept fifty times over ogain the perils of a navigation in my tiny ark. This reflection comforted mo somewhat, and wliilo I thus inusod I remained standing with iny eyes upon tbo littlo group of fanci ful fanes and spires of ice on tho edge of the abrupt hollow. Whilo looking at this my eye traoed, a little distance beyond, tho form of a sbtpfe spars aud rigging. Through tbe labyrinthof the ice outlines I clearly madoout two masts, with two square yards on tbe foremast, the rigging perfect so far as it went; for&tho; 'figuration showed no more than half the i height of the masts, the lower parts being apparently' hidden behind tho edgo of tbe hollow. Tho fabric appeared as if formed of frosted glass. Tho masts had a good rake, and with a seaman's eye I took notice of the furni ture, observing lho shrouds, stays, backstays and braces to be perfect Nay, as though the j spirit artist of this fragile, glittering pageant had resolved to omit no detail to complete the illusion, there etood a vane at the mast head, shining like a.toogue of ice against the soft blue of tho'eky. Come, thought I, re* - covering-Jrptn my wonder, -there is more in this than, it is possible for nio to guess by staring from a distance; bo, striking my pole into tho sqow, I mado carefully toward the : edgo of the hollow.- | The gradual unfolding of the picture pre pared my mind for what I could not -see till tbe brink was reached; then, lucking down, I beheld a schooner rigged vesol lying in a sort of cradle of ice, stern on to the -foa. A man bulked out with frowm snow, so as to make his shape ak grcotas a buor, loaned upou tho rail with n slight upward inclination of his bead, as though bo wore in tbe act, of look ing folly up to bail mu.- His |K-sture was eyBn.moix»llfcliko thunlhnt uf themtu) un dor tho rock; InH bls-gnnnentof snow-rdbbod him of that reality of vitality which had startled me in thootlier, and theiustaut Isaw him I knew him to Ijo dead. He waB the only figure visible. The whole body of tho vessel was frosted by tbe snow into the glossy as poet of the spars and rigging, and tbo sun-' shine striking down nrndo a beautiful pris matic picture of tbe silent ship. She was n, vury old craft. The snow had molded itself upon ber, and enlarged with out spoiling her form. I found ber age in tbe structure uf her bows, tbe bead boards of which curved very low round to the top of tho stem, forming a kind of well there, the after port of which wns framed by the forecastle bulkhead, after tbe fashion of Bhip buildiug ia vogue in tho reign of Anno and the first two Georges. Her topmasts were standing, but ber jibbooin was rigged in. I could iinil no other evidenco of her people baring snugged ber for these winter quarters, in which she bod been manifestly lying ior years and years. It was very evident that the schooner bad in years gone by got crubaved in this ice nben it Mas far to the southward, and bad io course of time been built up in it by float ing masses. For bow old the ico about the poles may be, who can tvHf In those sunless worlds the frozen continents may well pos sess tlie antiquity of the laud, Aud who sbali nauie tho monarch who filled the throne of liritain when this vast Held brok: awp.y from th-: main and started on its stealthy navigation sunward? CHAPTER IX I lingered, I daro say, above twenty min utes Contemplating this singular crystal fos sil of a slup, und considering whether I should g') down to her find ransack her for whatever might answer my turn. But shr» looked so darkly secret under her whito garb, and there was something so torrible in the nspoel of the motionless, snow clad sentiuel who leaned upon tbe rail, that my heart failed mn, and concluding to baveuothing to dowuh tbe ghostly sparkling fabric, I fell ogointo my downward march and looked toward my boat : that is to say, I looked toward tho port of tbe ico when* tho little haven iu which she lay had been, and I found both boat and haven gonel I rubbed my eyes and stared again. Tush, thought I, I am deceived by the ire. I glanced at tho slope behind to keep mc to my bearings, and onco more sought tbe liavcn; but tbo rock tliut bad formed it wns gone, 1 he blue swell rolled brimming post the line of shore there, and my eye following th-VBwing of a fold I saw the boat about three cables' length distant out upon tho water, swlnuuing steadily away into tbe south, aud showing aud disapjtcarmg with tbe heave. 1 uttered a cry of anguish; 1 clasped my hands and lifted them to God, and looked up to him. I was for kicking off my boots and pluuguig into the water— but, mad as 1 was. I was not bo mad as that; nnd mad I should have been to attempt it, for I could not swim twenty strokes; and bad I been tho stoutest swimmer tbat ever breasted tbo 6alt spray, the cold mast speodily put an end to my mis ery. Tho horror that this wbito and frightful scene of desolation bod at tho beginning filled me with, was renewed with such violence when I saw that my boat was lost, and I was to be a prisorer on the death haunted waste, that I fell down in a BOrt of 6woon, like one partly 6tunned; and had any person oome along and socn mo bo would have thought me as dead as tho body on the bill, or the corpse that kept its dismal lookout from tbe deck of tbe schooner. My senses presently returning, I got up, and tbe rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to pacing it, with my hands locked be hind me, my bead sunk, lost in thought By this time the boat was out of sight I looked and looked, but she was gone. Then came my good angel to my help, and put some courage iutomo. 'Afterall,' thought I, 'what do I dread? Death! — itcanbutcometo that. It is not long ago that Capt. ltosy cried to me: 'A man can die but ouce. He'll not perish the quicker for contemplating his end with a htoui heart.1 He that so spoke is dead. The worst is over for him. Were he a babe resting upon bis mother^ breast ho could uot sleep more soundly, be more ten derly lulled, nor be freer from such anguish as now afflict* me, who clings to life as if this —this,' I cried, looking around me, ??were a paradise of warmth and boauty. I must be a man, ask God for courage to meet whatever may betide, and stoutly endure what cannot be evaded.' My mind went to tho schooner, yet I felt an extraordinary recoil within mo when I thought of seeking an asylum in ber. [ had tbe figure of her beforo my fancy, viewed the form ?£ the mau on her d**k, and tbe idea of penetratiug her dark lubeiior, and seeking shelter in a faerie that time aud frost and death had wrought intoa black mystery, was dreadful to me. It must be done, nevertheless, thought I ; I shall certainly perish from exposure if I linger here; besidea, bow do I know but that I may discover some means of oeuaping from that ship? Assuredly there was plenty of material in her for tho building of a boar, if 1 could meet with tools. Or, possibly, 1 might find a boat under hatches, for it was common for vessels of her class and in her time to Gtow their pinnaces in the hold, and when the necessity for using them arose lo hoist thom oat and tow them astern. These reflections somewhat heartened mo, and I turned my back uponthe clamorous occan and started to ascend tbo slope once more. Ihelped myself along with the oar, aud presently arrived at the brink of tho slope, in tyhose hollow lay the ship es in a cup. Tbe wind made a noisy howling in her rigging; but the tackling was frozen so iron burd that not a rope 'Stirred, and the vane nt the mast bead was as motionless as any of the adjacent steeples or pillar of ice. My heart was dis mayed again by the figure of a mau. He was more dreadful than' the other because of tbe size to which the frozen snow upon bis head, trunk and limbs had swelled him; and the half rise of his face was particularly start ling, as if he were in the very act of running his gazo softly upward. That he should have died in that easy leaniugpo&turowasstrange; however, I supposed, and no doubt rightly, that he had been seized with a suddcu faint ness and had leaned upon tho rail and so ex pired. Tho cold would quickly make him rigid and likewise preserve biin, uud thus bo might have been leaning, contemplating the foe of the cliff's, for years snd years! A wild and dreadf ul thing for one in my condition to light on, and bo forced to think of! Hy heart, se I have said, sank in me again at the sight of him, and fear, and awe. and superstition so worked upon my spirits that I Stood irresolute, and would Lave gone back had there been any pAtco to return to. I plucked up after a littlo, aud, gripping the oar, X started on tbe descent. _ The depth was not great, nor the dcclivity sharp; but tho surface waa formed of blocks of ice, like tbo collections of big stones you wraetimes encounter on the sides of moun tains near the base; and 1 had ^gain-avd again to fetch a compass so as to goiu a cmaller block down which to drop, till' I was dose to the vessel, «nd -hero the suow had piled and froren into a smooth face. The ship lay with a list or'JiicliuaUon to larboard. I had como *lown 'to -her on her starboard 6ide. Bbc bad email channels with long plates; but her list on my side hove them somewhat high, beyond my reoch, aud I j-crceive-l that to get aboard I must seek an enta'ancc on tlie larboard hand. This was not hard to arrive at; indeed, I hod but to walk round her under her bows. She wus so coated with bard 6iiow I could see nothing of licr timbers, and was therefore unable to guess at the conditidu of tbe hull. She had something of tho look of the barco-longus of hulf a ccn tury ago — that is, half a century ago from tho date of my ndvuuturc; but that which, iu sober truth, a inun would liavc taken ber to 1)0 was a vessel formed uf snow, sparred and rigged with glasdike, frosted ice — the artistic caprice of the genius or spj-it of this white and melancholy si-euo, who, to complete tho mocking illusiou, had fashioued the figure of man to stand on deck with a human face toughened into an idle, eternal contempla tion. I climbed without difficulty into tbe fore chains, tho snow being so hard that my feet ,nd hand* made noMbn least impression on it, and soniewh.'it warily — fcebng the govern ment of a peculiar uwe, mounting into a sort of terror, indeed— stood awhile pei-i-ing o\er the rail nf the bulwarks; then entered the ship. 1 ran iny eyes swiftly here ond there, for indeed I did not know wtuit might steal or leap into view. Let it be rcmvinbered that 1 was :i sailor, with lho superstitious feelings of my calling in yie, nnd though I do uot know that I actually lielieved in ghosts and nppui'itions and sjHX-toi-B, yet I lclt as if I did— tiaiticuliirly ujiou tbe deck of this silent ship, rendei-cd spirit like l-y the grave of ice iu which sho Iny, and by tbu long years (as I could uot doubt) duriug which sho had tbus rested, lience, when I blipjHMl off thi* bulwark ou to the deck ond viewed tbe ghastly, white, lonely sceue, I fell for th*; moment as if tbis sirring^ discovery of min-* wn.-- not to 1)0 oxhuu^ted of its wonders aud terrors l-y tbe mere erit-ieuce of tbe ship— iu other words, that 1 must expect sometbingof tbe supi-murural to enter into Ibis icy sepul cber, aud be prepared for sights more mar velous und terrifying than frozeu corpses. Presently, getting the belter of my i»rtur bation, I walked aft, nnd stepping on to th? poop deck, fell to an examination of the com panion or covering of tbe after batch, which, as I have elsewhere said, was covered with CHAPTER X. AjtOTfTER STARTLING DISCOVERT. This batHi formed tho entrance to the cabin, and tborc was no other road to it that I could see. If I wontett to use it I must first scrajie away the snow; but unhappily I bad left my knife in tbe boat, and was without any instrument that, would serve meto scrape with. I thought of breaking the beer bottle that was in my ] -ock('t and scratching with a piece of the gkn-': but before doing this it occurred to mo to search the body on the starboard side, I approached hiinasif he were alive and murderously fierce, and I own I did not like to touch him. He resembled the figure of n giant molded in snow. In life he must bnv been six feet and n half tall. The Enow bad bloated him, and though he leaned he stood as high as I, wiio was of a tolerable stature. Tin snow was on his bcttrtl and mustache and on his hair; but lhf»e features were merged an I compacted into the snow on his coat, and as bis cnp came low and wus covered with snoxv too, he, w-jth tho littlo fragment of counto uance that remained — the fie*-b whereof bad tho color and toughness of the skin of a drum that has l-ccn well beaten— submitted as ter rible nn object' as mortal sight ever rested ou. I say 1 did not Uke to touch him, and one reason was 1 feared be would tumble, and though I know not why I should have dreaded this, yet tbe apprehension bf it 65 worked iu me that for some time it held me idly stariug at him. But I could not enter the cabin without first scraping tbo snow from tbo companion door; and the cold, after 1 had stood a few moments inactive, was so bitter as to set ine craving for shelter. So 1 put my hand upou tho body, aud discovered n., us I might have foreseen, frozen to the hardness of steeL His coat— if I may call that a coat which resem bled a robe of snow— feJI to within a few inches of the deck. Steadying the body with ono band, 1 heartily tweaked tho coat with tbe other, hoping thus to rupture the ice upon it— in doing which I slipjtod and fell ou my back, and in falling gave a convulsive kick, which, strikiug tbe feet of lhe figure, dis lodged them from iheir frozen hold of tbo deck, and down it fell with a mighty bang alongside of me, and with a loud crackbng noise like the rendiug of a sheet of silk. I wos not hurt, und bpi-aug to my feet with tbe alacrity of fright, au-l looluug at the body saw that it bad mauaged by its fall much better timn my hands could have compassed ; for tho snow r-hioud was cracked and crum bled, slabs of it had broken away, leaving the cloth of the cout visible; and what best pleased inn was the sight of the end of a hanger, forking out from tbe skirt of the coot. Yet to come ut it us to draw the blade from its scabbard required on intolerable ex ertion of strength. TIh clothes on his body wera indeed like a suit of mail. I never could have believed that frost served clotb so. At last I inniutged to pull the coat clear of tho hilt of the hunger: the blade was stuck, but ul'tcr 1 hud tugged a bit it slipped out-, nud I fouud it u good piece of steeL Th« corj&o; was habited iu jackboots, a coat of course, thick cloth lined with flannel; under this a kiud of blouse ur doublet of red cloth, conflued by u iwlt with leathern loops forpistol*. Hisoppaivl gave liio no clew to the age lie belonged to; it was no better, in dood, than u sort of masquerading attire— as though the fashions of more than one coun try, and iwrhap.- of more (bun cue age, had gone to die habiting of him. Ho looked a burly, immense creature, os he lay upon tho deck in tbe same bent attitude in which be bad stood ut llie mil; nnd so dreadful was his face, with a singulnr diabolical expression of leering malice, caused by the lids of his eyes being half cloned, that bavjugtaken one peep I had no mi iid to rc|-cut it, though I was above ten minutes wrestling with bis cloak I aud banger beture 1 bud thewoa]-oii fuir in I my hand. 1 walked lo the companion, and fell to ! scraping tlif snow away from it. 'Twos like 1 scratching nt inurtur between bricks. But I worked hard, nnd presently, with the point of the hunger, l'«'lt the crevice 'twixt- tlie door atid tiie jamb, utter which it was uot long 1k-- forc I had rtir\\--l tbe door out of its plate of I toiled on, and having olonrcd the door of lho M.ntv Hint Itound it. I pried it npartwitb tbe liong«r and llioij ib'ngged at i- : but the frU'-ov on lhe d''.'k would ii--i l»l it «pen for, nn'l a- tbT'1 was. room (-'-r n-'» to squeeze Ibi-njgb I did not .'.op l-j .-:i.ipe the iibslruc- | A 11 'g'h't of :,le|hj sunk into the darkness of tbo interior, and a cold, strange smell floated up, w ii.li houu- tbing of a dry curtbiues of flavor aud u mingling of leatfeor and timber. ?1 fell back a pace to let as much of this small exhale as would beforo 1 ventured into an at mosphere that had been hermetically bottled ?by the ico iu that cabin since the hour when this little door wus iu-t dosed. Superstition was active in me again, and, wheuJ peered into tho blackness at the bottom of tho hatch, I felt as might a schoolboy on the threshold of a haunted room in which ho is to be locked up as a punishment. I put my foot on tbe Wi lder and descended very slowly indeod. On reaching tho bottom I remained stand ing close against the ladder, striving to see into what manner of place I waa arrived. The glare of Ibe whiteuexs of the decks and rocks hung upon my eyes like a kind of blindness charged with fires of several colors, and I could not obtaiu tbo faintest glimpse of any pail uf this interior outside the sphere ol the littlo squuro of hazy light which lay upon tho deck at tbe foot of tiiu stops. The dark uess, indeed, was so deep ibat I concluded this wns uo more than a narrow well, formed of bulkheads, aud tbat the cabin was beyond, aud led to by a door iu lhe bulkhead. To tost this conjecture I extended my arms in a groping posture and stepped a pace for ward, feeling to right aud left, till, having gono five or six ]iaurs from tbe ladder, my fingers touched something cold, aud feeliug it, I irnssed my baud dowu what i instantly kiirw, by tbu projection of tbo nose and the roughness of hair on tbe tipper lip, to lje a A littlo reflection might have prepared me for thi«, but I bod not reflected, at least ia this direction, and wns therefore not pre pared; and tbe horrible thrill of that black chill contact went in nn agony through my nerves, and I burst into a violent perspiration. I backed away with all my hair 'astir, and then Ghot up the ladder as if^tbe devil had been l-ehind me: ond wlien 1 reached the'deek I trembled so violently that 1 bad to lean against tlie companion lest my knees Ebould give way. Tho companion door wns small, and being scarce morn than njar, I was not surprised that only a very faint light entered by It. It the top wore removed I doubted not I should be ahlij lo get a view of tho cabin enough to show me where the windows or |-ort holes were. Sol went to work with the hanger again, insensibly obtaining a little stock of courage from tho mere brau dishing of it. In half ati hour I hud 6bi|^-cd und cut away tbe ice round tbo companion, und tbeu found it to bo ono of those old fash ioned clumsy hatch covers, formerly used in certain kinds of Dutch ships— namely, a box with h shoulder shajted lid. This lid, though heavy end fitting with a tongue, I managed to unship, on which tho full square of tbe Latch lay ojton to the sky. The light pivo ine heart. Once more I de scended. After a few moments the bewil dering dazzle of tbe snow laded off my sight, ami I could see very distinctly. The cabin was n small room. The forward inrt lay in shadow, but 1 could distinguish tlie outline of the inninuiust omidthips of tbe bulkhead there. In th' center of- this, cabin was a small square tabln, supported by iron pins, that pierced through stanchions in hucb a manner that the could at -will be ?raised to the cciliug, oud there left for the At this table, seated upon short, quaintly wrought benches, and immediately facing .each other, were two men. They were iu ?Facing each other, were ttco men. comparably more liTo like than 'tho frozen ?figures. Tho ono who-e back was upon tho hatebwny ladder, being the man whose face ?I had stroked, sat upright in tho posture of a ?pen-on abdutto start up. Imth hands ujion the rim of tho tublu und bis eoimtcnanco 'raised oa if; in n suddeu terror and agouy of death, bo had darted a look to God. So in ?iinitohly expmsrive of life was bis attitude tlwt, -though I knew him to he a frozen body, lis perished os if be had died with Adam or Koub, Iwas sensible of a bi-eathlesa wonder in tne that the affrighted start with which be seemed to lie rising from' tbo table was not .rontanucd^-that, iu sboil, he did' not spring ?to bis -feet with the cry that you seemed to -bear in his posture. ? Tiie other flgi: re lay over tbe table with his iatv buried in his arms, He wore no cover ing i-j hi* 'head, which was bald, yet his hsir ou either Fido was plentiful uud lay upon his arms, aud his board finding up about his buried faro gave biiu nn uncummou, shaggy npljearance. Tbo other had on a round far cAp, with lappets for tho ears. Ilis body was mutficd iu-n thick ash colored coat: bis hair was ulso abundant, «-urling long and black * down his ba'T- ; 'his cluvks^weru smooth, manifestly through nature rather than tiie razor, ond the ends of a small black mustache were twisted np to his eyes. Tbeso were tbe -cnly occujiants uf tho cabin, which their ?pfvsrnce Tendered terribly ghostly and The interior was extremely plain ; tho bulk ?head^of amahogaiiy color, the decks bare, and lmthing in the form of nu ornament sav ing a silver crucifix hanging by a nail to the trunk of tbe mainmast, aud a cage, with a frozen bird of gorgeous plumage, susjiciided to the bulkhead noar the hatch. A small J:\nteniofaii old pattern dimpled over tho ' table, nnd I noticed that it contained two er thm« Inches of candle. Alial't tho hatchway w.i« n door on tbe starboard side, which I opened, aud found a narrow, «brk jmNsage. I -Miild wit pieree it- with my eye beyond a fow feet; but jierceiving within' thin range tbo out - line.nfa little door, I concluded that here were the berths in which the master and his males slept. There was nothing to be done in the dark, and 1 bitterly lumcntcd that I bail left my tinder box and flint in the boat; .for tbeu I could have lighted the candle in ;tho Iniitern. 'Perlio!*,' thought I, 'ouo of those figures may have a tinder box upon him.' (.'untold wus now somewhat hardening me; moreover, I was spurred on by a mortal anx iety to discover if thero was any kind of food lo lie met with in tbo vessel. So I 'Stepped up to tlv figure \iho«« fuce I bud 'toiji Vn-1. riu-1 folt in hi- p«'k*t.-: but neither vii li j m nor o'i ? ? I'vrdid I Uud what T ' vuiiitf-'d, though 1 i- no' * littlo nUonidhfd to di:;«-«n i-r in tl«' |' - -kc*:. the occupants of so small and humble ii ship as this bchoomr a , fine gold watch, as rich ut tho one I bad l' brought away from tbo man on 'tlM jocJjg, snd more elegant in 6kapo, a gold EOU&ba;^ set with .diamonds, several rings of beauty . aud valoe lying loose in tho breeches pocket of tho man whose face was hidden, a handful of Bjwmish pieces In gold, handkerchiefs of flne silk, and other articles, as if indeed these fellows had been overhauling a parcel of booty, and than careleffily returned the contents to their pockets. (To be continued next Saturday. J 