Ecclesiastical Echos. Mr. Joseph. Palmer laid the memorial stone of a new Baptist Church at Marrickville on Satur day afternoon. The death, in his 91st year, is announced of the Eev. George Tindal, of Driffield, the oldest Primi tive Methodist minister in the connexion. Longman and Company (London) have in the press, and will publish immediately, " A Reply to Dr. Lightfoot's Essays," by the author of "Super- natural Religion " The publication of Canon M'Coll's leotures on the Nicene Creed has been delayed till October. The title of the volume will be " Christianity in Relation to Science and Morals." Bishop Jones, tho Metropolitan of South Africa, has returned to England after fifteen months' absence, having collected more than ¿811,000 for the requirements of the Church in that region. The president of tho Primitive Methodist Con ference for 1888 gave as a motto for tho year, "A baptism of the Holy Ghost." His successor in the chair suggests " A passion for the salvation of men " as the watchword for the present year. The memorial con veut to the unfortunate Crown Prince of Austria, established in his shooting lodge at Mey erlin g, will be consecrated in October, with great solemnity. Tho room where Prince Rudolph died has already been converted into a chapel. The Hamilton ewcastlo) Presbyterian Sun day school anniversary was held last week, and waa very successful. Tho principal event was the presentation of an address to Miss Donald, organ ist and teacher for many years, euther departure from tho district. A benefit performance is announced to take place at the Star Theatre, in New York, in aid of -what? It may prevent the waste of much valuable time in guessing to say at once that the funds are required by and will be devoted to the Down Town Sunday School. Throe young women have been licensed as deaconncssos in Chicago, under the provisions made for this purpose by the General Conference of tho American Mothodist Episcopal Church. Thoy wore set apart at an impressive consecra tion service conducted by Bishop BoTtwian. Millet's famous " Angelus " is now American property. Tho American Art Association, headed by Mr. Jamos Sutton, has paid over £23,226 to M. Antonin Proust, whose purchase of the work for tho French Government was not ratified ; and the " Angelus " will be dispatched in due time to New York. Rev. John Paterson, of the United Presbyterian Church, Whitehill, New Deer (Scotland), at the celebration of his ministerial semi-jubilee, said that daring his pastorate 212 had been admitted into Church fellowship. From this remote and struggling congregation no fower than ten men had gone forth to ongago in the work of the ministry. Mr. Labouchere's latest Biblical discovery (said the PALL MALL GAZETTE) is altogether admirable. It is that " Ezekiol seems to have had Royal Grants in his prophetic eye," chapter xlvi., v. 18, being as follows : " Moreover the Prince shall not take of the people's inheritance by oppression to thrust them out of their possession; but he shall give his sons inheritanco of his own possession." Query : Does " sons " in Biblical language include " daughters ?" The Bishop of St. Albans (Eng.) has sanctioned the use of a special burial service over unbaptised persons; and it has been used at Coggeshall parish church over the remains of a well-known Essex solicitor, a regular attendant at his parish church, who had declined to accept the rite of baptism, though his son was churchwarden of the parish church. Dr. Claughton dedicates, but does not "consecrate," burial grounds in his diocese where there is a Burial Board. The Bishop of Liverpool (Eng.), recently open ing a Mission-room in that city, said that one great defect of the Church of England-and there was no use in concealing it-was want of elas ticity. We wanted something more in those days than the Prayer Book and ordained clergy. People who did not go rogularly to church did not understand tho Prayer Book ; bnt all could appreciate a simple hearty service Indeed, he regarded such services as the first step toward bringing the neglected population of England to value the Church of England, and becom« attached to her. 