TALE. ? ! Faithful jJnto Death. : CllAITEB I. It ia tho ysar of our Lord 1000. Tho little Plymouth settlement, mado up of unflinching : ' men and devoted women, has gained a small hut suro foothold'on American soil. Rendered I comparatively safe from the encroachments of | tho Indians on tho ono sido and tho Dutch on . tho other by tho league, offensive and defen 1 aive, which had been formed in 1013 under tlio naino of tho United Colonies of New I England, they havo set steadily to work to establish cities and a povernmont for them selves ; and after tUo first few years of depri ; vation they havo succeeded in planting a small ! but flourishing colony subject to Charles II, who has just boon restored to tho throne of England. j Since 1 B50 tho Plymouth Bottlers havo been waging a hot warfare against tho Quakers, ' and with their stern Governor John Endicott, at their head, havo perpetrated worse and I worso crnelties upon them. Perhaps tho un provoked outrages committed against this ( innocent society culminated in 1G59, when ; tho sentenco of death was pronounced against tliiee of their number. The Government, in ! Ootobor, 1G5G, and again in 1G57 and 1058, . onaotcd special laws for tho suppression of ' these heretics, and tho over-zealous Puritans 1 woro only too eager to enforco them. With that same spirit of unreasoning exaction and ; ruthlcssopjjtessionwliichthoyhadoondemned . .in. .the -cVerjry of tho mother country, they Tisited all sorts of judgments upon tho un happy Friends. Fines, were imposed contin 1 ually, whipping wns a common punishment, 1 nnd several lost an car as a penalty for non | conformity to tho laws. Lot us take a peep at a littlo Puritan vil lago lying just outsido Boston, as it basks in 1 tho genial sun of an October afternoon. A : few houses of board, and many of unhewn ; logs stragglo -up a low, gently-sloping hill. I Hero and there a rudely- built chimney testfied , ; to tho advanced ideas of somo farmer ; but ; most of the community hold tenaciously to an i ancient prejudieo against them/ affirming that i ; ' saioko improves their health, and hardens ho timbers of their houses.' Beforo somo of tho Houses were plats of aster and sunflowers, joyjualy drinking in the warm sunshino, I , wnichhad grown mellow and rioh, liko old I wine, af tor tho long, fiorce siego of summer. j | Clumps' or golden-rod dot tho undulating ( : meadow lands and dusty roadsides like tongues of yellow flame Apple orchards hung with 1 glowing ripe fruit, now and then break tho I Bilenco by dropping a plump pippin or russet i into tho grass. Only tho men and oxen, la I bouring in the distant fields, disturb tht hushed tranquility of tho sceon. All eke 1 speaks of placid roposo and happiness. ' ? On the outskirts of the littlo settlement, : nestling' against a grove of pines, stands a [ log house.unovenly fashioned and rudely I finished, tho least protontious in tho neigh . borhood. A poor apology for a home would [ ? it bo, indeed, were it not for tho clambering vines which havo twined themselves around 1 tho unhewn pillars of tho porch and olunjr ? nnd sproad themselves abroad ovor tho roof. ' Tho sweet-smelling applo orchard and the ? weU-tonded bed of herbs, of tho sorts in : which our great-grandmothers delighted, ? give tho place a homo-like aspect, and a b«d , ', of nasturtiums blazo with orango and red close to tho door. As wo look a girl of '? perhaps twenty emerges from tho door and stands for a moment looking down tho road, : with, her hand shading her oyes. She is dressed with tho utmost simplicity, in tho garb of the Quakers, but her plain gray gown, ( destitute of either drapery or adornment. rovoals the contour of a slender and graceful i figura, while tho conrso but snowy kcrchiof i crossed over her bosom serves to deepen the , ? dclicuto tint of her lips and cheeks. But it is not these charms, nor the soft gray oyes, nor tho waving golden hair that makes 1 Deliverance Sothwicko beautiful. Her I beauty is rather spiritual. The swoet pcaco ; of a puro spirit shines from her eyes, and light up her features with that holy joy which cnhanoo3 their natural beauty. Her faoo is ono which might fit into somo raro old painting of tho saints, with a martyr's i crown resting upon tho brow ; for the j ' strength and beauty of her character hare , . como through suffering, nud hardship, and deprivation and she has como out of the fire ? ' liko gold tried in tho sinolter's f urnaco. 1 ' As bIio still looks down tho road a quick i ? carmiuo flashes into .her cheeks,- 'and she ? ' hastily turns about and busies her hands with . i tho clambering vino, plucking tho leaves J witli a tenso, nervous grasp which crushes ! thorn in her fingers. Sho feigns abstraction j until a deep manly voico bids her look around. . ] ? Christopher Burden, the young Puritan, ntauds at the stops of tho porch waiting for an , ; 1 invitation to enter. His broad-brimmed hat I shades a stern, though not unkindly foco. t Tho expression whioh now gives it strength I I and character ii)Jght, under farorablo con 1 -[ ditions, stifFon into austerity. Jt is tho : shadow of that obstinate persistence -which 5 led his father, forty years before, to embark in the Mayflower with that dnuntlef ss hand ful of men who sot sail for a land full of nn J known dangers. His wido capo, with its ' f broad, rolling collar, is thrown carelessly ovor 1 his strong shoulders aud hangs nearly to his i knees,, rolioving tho somowhat ungraceful 1 1 effeot of tho loosoknoo-breeches._ His brown I ) stockings -oro fine nnd well fitting, and the I buoklcs to his shoes aro ns largo and highly polished aa his oxacting cousoionso will per ' ' ? mit. ' . \- ..,'..-'? ' Come in, friend Christopher,' enidDeliver anco, with a pretty simplicity of manner which accorded charmingly with her plain dre«s and rustic surroundings. ' Thee looks tired out.' 'Tlmnks. Tho coolness of the porch tompts my tired limbs, and it would please mo much to talk with you,- Hold, do not trouble to get a chair for mo ; this shady step is a luxurious resting-placo for a weary man.' IIo sat down on tho stop. The girl re mained standing, regarding him shyly but wistfully, ns ho fanned himself absently with his hat aud gazed out over tho land scape. r. '11.QXO thy -\vrentlingii at last convinced tbeoi of the error of thy ways, friend Chris topher f sho asked at length ; ' nnd hast thou como to tell mo tho good news ?' ,-' ' No, ' said Christopher, wiping his brow with a perplexed and uneasy gesture. ' My heart still clings to tho religion of my father ; but I yet miss something in it which you seom to possess.' ' All, ' exclaimed Deliverauco, eagerly, 1 thou hast adopted tho letter of tho law only, nnd bo hath missed tho light which shinoth for all men. Hast thou not read in John's Gospel how that light shouo in the darkness and the darkness comprehended it not ; and how that was tho true light that lightcneth ovcrj- man that cometh unto tho world? Only let it shine on thy doubt, and thy doubt will vanish.* ' But I cannot bolievo in a religion which ? denies tho holy symbols and ordinances which God has enjoined upon us. It is there that I cannot find it in my heart to accept thy view. ' 'Nay, thou hast not heard rightly of our doctrines, perchance. We only deny tho out ward forms which were not necessary after tho coming of our Lord. Thou wilt find our doctrine manifested in tho holy word where John tho Baptist spake ; ' I baptize you with water, but thero comoth ono after mo who shall babtizo you with tho Holy Ghost and with fire.' Verily there can be no sav ing grace in outward ceremonies ; it is the lotter which killeth and tho spirit which quickeneth.' 1 Surely theso aro knotty questions,' said Christopher, fain to bo convinced by this fair nnd earnest advocate, but unablo easily to shako himself loose from tho oreed in which ho had been reared. ? Tho inner grace is fan nod to a flame by means of tho outward Bym bols. Wo must havo something besido an inner passion to live by. What would be come of our country and its laws if strong men did not ouforco outward as well as inward obediences to them ? Wo need tho letter of tho law.1 'Yea, friend,' replied Delivoranco, her thoughts turned in a now direction ; ' but what dost thou think of a government that upholds tho selling of innocent ohildren to pity a dobb ? Surely theo rememborest little Daniel and Provided Sothwicko, who so nar rowly escaped being sold to slavery in Bar badoes last year. Such a government cannot prosper.' ' It is truo,' said Christopher, ' that our government is earthly and for that reason faulty ; bnt we must bear in mind that a government is for tho mass. It may render justico in tho aggregate and jot sometimes trespass on individual rights. Such failings wo must wink at if justico bo at tho bottom,' 'Nay, but tho liord will not wink at in justico and cruelty, wherever perpotrated,' persisted Deliverance, her color deepening with her increasing earnestness. ' Beside, this government that theo upholdest is incon sistent with itself. Dost thou not romembcr that clause, of tho charter in which it is provided that all in tho plantation shall equal justico and law ? Dost thou think that tho government has regarded tho charter when it has persecuted tho saints and children of tho Lord?' ' The' government only protects the Lord's fald against tho ravenous wolves that seek to devour it,' replied Ohrisfcophcr. ? Think you that old Damo Jones' malignant touch and power of bringing down curses on her fellowmcn camo from tho Lord ? She -was but a handmaid of Satan, and deserved to for feit her life for her blasphemies.' ' Nay,' answered Dolivcranco, softly ; ' sho was verily a martyr, and was led by the spirit of tho Lord, and so denied tho works of tho devil. Should tho Lord call mo I will follow in her footsteps aud seal my testimony with my blood.' Sho rose in tho rapturo of her enthusiasm nud stood looking oiE at the purple hills -which loomed hazy and unsubstantial in the distance Her pure upturned faco looked likojthat of a saint in the soft shado of a leafy porch, and ono could almost fancy that a tender aureolo lighted up her sunny head. Christopher lot his troubled gazo rest on her nlmost trans lated beauty nnd unconsciously tho deep lines of thought which furrowed his nmplo forehead smoothed themselves out. Horoso slowly and stood very close to her, with ono hand resting lightly on her sleeve. ' Como, Deliverance' ho said, 'bo my saint nnd my life, and reveal tho truth, whatever itmiiybe, through tho transparency of your purity and holiness.' A look of deep pain swopt over tho girl's brow. Sho drow away from liira and began to pluck at tho vino aimlessly. ' It cannot bo, friend Christophor. I have told theo many times that it cannot bo. It is not meet to be yoked unequally.' ' But surely you cannot do such n wrong as to lot a fellow-croaturi-fallforlnckof sym psthy !' ho cried ; nnd thero was a great pas gion in his voice. ' I — I shall go mad if you will not listen to mo.' ' Nay, but tliat is no salvation whioh comc3 from a'moro frail mortal. That will not save thoo in tho last great day. Only tnko heed to that heavenly light, the Son, within theo, and kiss him beforo his wrath bo kindled nsainst theo ; for verily tho night cometh when you shall fall to your own master. Tho night was darkoning down upon them fast. One quivering rod beam shot through tho thick leaves and rostod for a moment on Deliverance's puro faco ; then the sun sank ljaving a stretch of golden sky which cast a soft glow over tho tops of tho hills. ' Tho ad vancing twilight lent force to tho figure that Deliverauco had used. Christopher Burden shivered involuntarily, and draw his capo around him ; then with a hasty farewell ho strjdo off down tho darkening road. Doliv oranoo watched him until ho had disappeared and then went slowly in to preparo tho simplo evening meal of ryo pudding and milk for tho tirod father and brother who workod all day in tho fields. Sho was silent during tea, nnd supplied the wants of tho hungry men with a preoccupied air. Cu-UTEit H. Tho Sabbath, with its peculiar hush and peace, had dawnod upon tho tho Puritan vil lage, wherein every man and beast had laid asido all work ; and now tho sun was drop ping low in tho west and faint purplo shadows wcro spreading their filmy mantlos ovor tho eastern hills. Delivernnco Sothwicko camo lightly across tho fields, with her Biblo in her bands. Sho hummed a good old hymn tune softly as sho walked, and now and then stopped and drow a long deep breath of tho irajrant air. She had como from a gather ing of Friends, and her thoughts woro busy with tho subjects of tho meeting. Sho walked moro and more slowly until coming to a low stone- wall sho sat down nnd opened her Bible to tho thomo of the afternoon service. It wns that beautiful passage in Isaiah beginning. 1 All wo like sheep have gono astray.' Thu one clauso sho read, nnd then, with one finger marking the place, pat gazing off into in finito distance. Sho was in of those nrely jinppy moods which como only on an autumn afternoon, whoii everything is hushed for the very fulness of its content, when the yearhns reached that rounded perfection which is a harbinger of its swift decline. Some sheep wero feeding near by, and Deliveranco watchpd them in a. tender re verio., tjirongh which, liko an undertone, , ran tho words : 'All wo liko sheep have go^e astray.' Thoro was a sudden footstep in tho grass aud the (illy sheop scurried away across the field like a sumner cloud. Deliverance looked up nnd taw Christopher Burden standing befuroher.' ' What is that ko fixes your thoughts !' he asked, throwing himself down at her feet. She pointed eilently to tho sacred text and following tho index of hur finger, he read aloud ; ' All we liko sheep have gone astray.1 Thero was deep silence for several moments Then Christopher paid in a low voico . ' Some who wander long como safely to tho fold at last.' It was rather his tono than his words that made the girl look at him with a sud'l en and and breathless iutentness. Then she laid a small, trembling hand on his arm. ' Is it true, Christopher ?' she said. ' Yea, verily,' said he, adopting her fashion of speech ; ' tho Lord has discovered my orror to mo; Deliverance. I have thought long and with great heaviness, but now I see tho light. Verily thojj and thy people havo tho words of eternal life. As for thoso churchmen, their zeal hath made them forget tho vital part of their religion. Tho form aud out ward show they havo indeed preserved, but of tho spirit of tho Saviour I am fain to con fess thut thoy havo rery littlo. Henceforth my lot is cast with tho despised Quakers. That I shall he persecuted I full well believe, but the fact that this is so is tho bc3t defence I can offer for having left tho creed of my per secutors.' Deliverance's oyes wero full of hsppy tears. The pallor which had como into hor faco at tho young man's first words suddenly gave placo to a burning carmiuo. Tho hand on Christopher's slccvo trembled visibly. Ho covered it with his own big palm, and said softly : ' Thero is no stum bling-block now, Deliveranco, between theo aud me.' ' Ho held out his arms and sho crept shyly into them and laid her head on his strong young shoulder. They wore all alone, savo for tho silly sheop, which had drown nearer and nearer ns thoy grazed, until tho low champing could bo hoard. They sat so, drinking in that puro bliss which comes but oucp in a lifo time, until the Run had left them with a parting benediction of glory, and tho sheep had wandered beyond tho slope of tho meadow. Oiiaptbb III. So Doliveraneo was married in tho fashion of tho Friends ; and there wpro not wanting vonomous busybodios (God pity them !) wi h Blanderous tongues, who wagged their spite ful heads and tried to besmerch 'tho two young lives bo slurs and innuendoes. But Doliveraneo vindicated her lifo by her ohasto doorotion, and her faco was an irrofutablo argument agninst evil report. For a timo she was very happy in her humblo homo. But with tho opening spring trouble began to dpkeu about her life. It was not hi tho Puritan naturo to brook Chriatophor's bold npostacy. His case was discussed at length in tho church conclaves and with much bitter ness of feeling. Ono dreadful morning eady in August the Constablo appeared at his door and arrested tho young husband for pestilent heresy. After two weeks of sus pense in jail ho was sentenced to tho House of Correction for three months, with not even a chnco for a parting word with his sad wife. Then a month later tho family of DoHver anoo was banished from the plantation for outspoken utterance against tho gross in i' ust ices to which tho peacablo and inoffonsive Yiends were subjected. Sho felt that her own turn might como at any timo. Sho was regarded with bitter animosity by tho most of her neighbours, who attributed Christopher's heresy to hor accursed infiuonco. But sho kept quietly at hor work, taking up tho management of the littlo farm at a tuncwhen it needed a man's strength and judgment. Hor tender hands learned to guide tho plough when tho land was proparod for tho fall crop of wheat. Indoors sho kopt tho fires, split tho wood, and blistered hor pretty fingers over a hundred tasks which ought never to rest on a woman. Still, sho was not at all unhappy. Hor bright spirit soared at timos away from tho sorrows aud cares of lilo and found a resting placo in tho shadow of tho great Rock. It was ono pleasant morning ia October, as Deliverancb was working in tho garden, that she looked up aud saw tho Constablo dis mounting at the gate. Ho hold a legallook ing document in his hand and stood gazing earnestly at tho young and graceful figure be fore him. 1 Is your namoJDolivoranco Burden V ' Yoa,' answered Dslivor»nco, quietly. ' Weil, tho Governor wants to seo jou. You havo been spreading heretical doctrines around and havo missed the divino service theso many Lord's days. You're a sohismatio, and that isn't allowed, you know.' I havo spokon only tho truth,', said Deliver ance firmly. And as for thoJ Lord's day ser vice, I havo worshipped whero my own heart compelled mo. I havo committed no crimo against theo or tho laws that you should seize mo by violence' ' I havo my orders,' said tho Constablo sturdily, ' and I am bound to carrr them out. I shan't hurt a pretty woman liko you, so I hopo you will como without any vain ro sistauco.' ' It is tho Lord's will,' murmured Doliver anoo as sho cast a despairing look around ovor tho distraoted littlo farm. ' Ho will keep His ohildren as in tho hollow of his hand.' When Delivoranco Sothwioko answered ' Hero ' to tho summons of tho clerk, there was a start of surprise in tho court-room. Her puro faco, sensitivo with pain (it tho publicity of her position, was flushed to a radiant colour, and her full lips woro half parted. She looked bewitchingly . beautiful as tho cannino fled from her throat to her brow and then receded, leaving her cheeks as palo as lilies. Tho Governor, after regard ing her earnestly, began his sovcro examina tion. It does not concern us hero to give his stern, scathing questions, nor the fearless 'answers which Deliveranco made. Ho could not make her quail, nor would sho admit tho justico of his inquisition. His brow dark eued with fierco passion. Tho glory of God (to sny nothing of his own glory) demanded that this heretic who dared uphold the right of free spech, should bo made an examplo of. Deliveranco lind expected somo punishment, perhaps a sovcro ono ; but sho nearly fainted with horror when tho clerk of tho court read in a monotonous voico tho sentence that had been decided upon. ' Daliverancc i Burden, you aro to bo tied to a cart's tail, with your olothes stripped off to tho middle, nnd to bo drawn through tho town, and to reocivo twenty stripes upon your naked body.' A murmur of pity ran around oven among thoso hardened spectators. Thoso who wcro near to her might havo soon Dolivoranco's eyes flash with a righteous inuignation under her meek Quaker's demeanour, as tho unjust sentences wero pronounced agninst herself and five other defenceless womon ; but in a moment hor glnnco fell, nnd mookness sat upon her bowed head, as sho said, half aloud : 'Tho chastisomont of our pcaco was upon him, and with his stripes wo are healed. Shall tho servant bo greater than his Lord ?' Ciluteb IV. Tho hour, tho moment, was drawing near when Dtlivoranco was to leaoivo hor punish ment. At times her heart fainted within her as she waited her turn in tho gloomy prison. Tho. spirit may bo strong to enduro all afflic tion for conscience's sako, nnd yet them is a moro human, physical strength which perhaps is equally necessnry to meet nnd overcome tho stupid contempt of thoso who can seo only tho shame of tho flesh nnd not tho triumph of tho spirit ; the martyr's oross, but not his orown. And now thoy have led Deliveranco out, and tied her to the lumbering ox-cart. Her faco is ooncealed, for sho has_ shaken hor long golden hair about hor, and it ripples to her waiat. Thomost-of tho crowd stand in si louco as she passes by ; but a few ribald fel lows hoot aloud aud call her foul names. At lust the long walk is ended, and tho peoplo wait in silent expectation as tho coustablo prepares his threo-cord lush. One ! two ! three ! the oruel blows cut tho tender back; a fourth, and then a fifth, moro oruel than tho last. Delivoranco totters a moment and then falls. Thero is blood on her white iwtos, and a purplo lino across her cheek, whero tho lash has inadvertently fallen. Tho Constablo drops his whip nud hastens forward; but beforo ho uau reach her a man dashes through tho crowd on horse back, his cloak wildly flying nnd his lips necked with foam. In a moment ho has sprung to tho ground and cut tho thong whioh binds Deliveranco to tho cart. Then ho mounts again with her in Ids arms. It would havo been worth any man's lifo to havo opposed him. Thoso who look into Wb intenso faco can scarcely recognize Christopher Burden. Tho veins on his forehead aro swollen and knotted, and seem roady to burst with tho purplo blood which stretches them. Ho pants and struggles for breath under tho tido of fury wliioh has overcome liim. It is as if all tho latent strength and onergy of tho man had gathered and concentrated his whole being for ono tremendous outburst of passion. Tho crowd falls eagerly apart as he makos his way through with his senseless burden wrapped from hor cruel shamo in his own gray Quaker's cloak. Not a sound escapes from his drawn lips when ho enters his own door and lays Delivorance on tho bed nnd prepares brandy nnd warm water for her. 110 hangs over her with tho steaming drink. His faco still purple, nnd looking ns if it wero out in stone. At last Deliveranco opens her oyes wearily, and then ho bursts into a great flood of tears. Sho puts out her hands and strokes his hair gently. ' Let not thy heart bo troubled, my Chris tophor. Wo shall havo another homo, even an heavenly.' Before midnight tho houso was astir with muffled voices and hushed, busy feet. Gray gowns flitted hithor and thither, and the vil lage doctor drovo up at speed. And before morniug Deliveranco was lying very still, with her hands folded on her bosom ; and tho gray-robed sisters wero talking in whispers over a tiny buudlo of flannel, which, at in tervals, gave signs of lifo by A weak wail or a feoblo littlo movoraent. 'I am in despair of raising it,' snid tho Friend, who seemed to bo most in authority, turning to n younger womau who stood by with n white faco. ' A 7-raonths child can 111 support lifo at its best, and with tho mother gono — I do not know, I do not know.' Beforo morning hor doubt concerning tho babo was removed, for when tho daylight oropt in through tho drawn shutters, tho atom, in the flannel did not stir or ory. Thoy lnid tho two still forms together, tho mothsr and tho bnbo, and Friend Mary with deft, gentlo fingers, robed thorn for their long sleep. Onco hor eyes flaahod, nnd tho hot tenrs fell as sho carefully washed tho dark stripes on ths mother's back and breast as if thoy could still givo pain. When sho had finished her work and hnd laid tho bnby in tho cold dead arras of Deliveranco, sho stepped to tho kitchen and went up to Christopher, who was sitting by the stovo in a dumb agony of grief. ? ' Wilt theo como, f riond Cliristopher, nnd look at thy wife ? Sho lies very peacefully with her baby in her arms. Thou shouldest lift up thy voico in thanksgiving that sho hath ontorcd into her root, for sho shall bo ono of thoso arrayod in white robes, who havo como up out of great tribuintiou. ' Thoy shall hunger no more, neither thirst any raore; neither shall tho sun light on them, nor any heat. For tho Lamb which is in tho midst of tho throno shnll feed them, nnd God shall wipo away all tears from their oyos.' ' Christophor roso, as half-dazed, and fol lowed Mary into tho room whore Deliveranco lay. Moment after moment ho stood, gazing fixedly at her waxen facu, with tho brutal cut across tho cheek. Ho stooped aud kissed it with a passionate tenderness, and his broad chest heaved with stifling emotions. His faco grow harsh and fieroo aa ho looked until tho wrath that burned thoro soemod as if it might consumo him. Ho unconsciously clinched his fists so that tho nails wounded the palm, as he muttered : ' Vougeanco is mine. I will repay, saith tho Lord.' It was for many long years that Christo pher abodo a solitary and broken-hearted man — many long years beforo ho was por mittod to lay aside his burdon of flesh and lio down gladly in the littlo churchyard by tho sido of her whom ho lovod. Two centuries havo passed niuco Doliveraneo Sothwioko suffered hor martyrdom. Both sho nnd her persecutors sloop quietly, whilo above them is tho thoughtless, work-a-day bustlo of Now England life. When tho stern Puritans riso to receive thoir hist sontencc, how many gray robed figures will confront them ia meek but terriblo accusation ! Lot us bo thankful that both nro subjects for tho naino infinite nuroy; that both will bo judged by a Judjjo who will tnako no orror. Grace SI. Cujnnxos, In tho JV. 1'. Independent. 