THE CONTRIBUTOR. A TRIP ON THE MURRAY RIVER. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. II. It was broiling hot when the steamer touched at Mildura, and wo made, for tho time being, an end of our journey. Mildura, as most Aus tralian people know by this time, is the scene of ono of tho most interesting experiments of modern times, though the scheme involved is passing rapidly out of tho experimental stage into tho region of accomplished fact. In a few years' time tho district will bo tho garden of the world, though but yesterday, so to say, it was nothing but a barren and scarcely accessible desert. The dense mallee scrub, as yet uncon- quered, lies all about tho settlement still, but such wonders of progress havo already been mado that after a week's investigation of the district ono is tempted to entertain hopes which would have seemed extravagant before hand. A busy colony, as the olang of metal on metal from tho engineering work shops on tho wharf testifies immediately to tho car of tho new arrival. A colony of sturdy sun browned folks, busy, prosperous, assured and hopeful looking. The offices of the local journal, hastily run up in corrugated iron, stand on the improvised wharf, and hold an atmo3phero as I presently discover liko that of a half cooled oven. The weather out of doors is fiery, but tho heat has something exhilarating in it, bo that your spirits, as well as tho mercury in tho thermometer, grow expansive. I set out almost immediately in tho society of tho editor of tho Mildura news- pApor to havo a first general look at things, and embarked in one of the crankest lnndcraft, so I am disposed to fancy, that ovor ran on whcols. It was strong enough for anything, and safe enough for any kind of travol possible to a wheeled vohiclc, but I novor experienced any thing like its motion, and I fervently trust that I never may again. Somo of tho roads aro at present in a rathor rudimentary stato, nnd the trap, or buggy, or whatever it deserved to bo called, was so hung on springs as to allow of its pitching with tho utmost freedom in every con ceivable direction. It was liko being in a miniature storm at sea. Agroeablo, and even exhilarating possibly for thoso who like it, but mightily discomposing to tho un initiated, I told my conductor whon tho journey was over that many parts of my body had grown so tendor ,ln tho course of it, that thoy might have been eaten with a spoou Through the vast property which has been made over by tho Victorian Government to tho irrigation colony an avenue 45 miles iu longtii has beon driven. This avenue is of an ample and, indeed, noblo width, and will by and by boast four separate lines of trees, which will afford complete arches of shado to either aido of it. It is a curious thing that oven hero, whore all interests in public works might bo supposed to bo identical, tho cheerful larrikiu has boen found to amuse himself by uprooting the yonng plants or destroying tho fences by which they aro protected. In tho main, one would say, tho population of such a place should be as orderly and law abiding as any in the world. On each sido of the avenuo for considerable distances tho forest land has been entirely cleared. The rich chocolate loam has been subjected to the last process which makes it fit for cultivation. Great areas aro already under fruit and vine, and the irrigation system is already so far complete that nearly 400 squaro miles of country is already blessed with a permanent, sufficient and well regulated water supply. At first sight tha country looks flat, but it possesses cnougU variety of surface to afford tho irrigating eugincor tho different levels necessary for his purpose. All tho slightly marked ridgea of tho land have boen taken advantago of, and thus tho construction of elevated canala with their costly embankments has been avoided. My conductor, an absolute enthusiast with respect to tho capacities of tho district, showed mo Bomo amazing instances of tho rapidity of growth in this rich soil. Vines havo begun to bear in thoir second year. Shoots of fruit trees planted at the end of September stand already from 2 to 3 feet high. The virgin soil 30 feet dcc-p asks nothing but water in this sub-tropic climato to become fit to grow almost anything, Tho lands already planted havo beon laid out by tho help of tho theodolite, and the growing trees stand in perfect parallelograms, so that the cultured spaces have a prim and orderly look, in curious contrast with the ycb unbroken wilds which stand so near. If you want to know what aspect tho site of theso wide orchards woro four years ago you have only to make a journey of an hour. You will find yourself in the midst of a dense mallee scrub interspersed with the wait-a-while and carpeted with mallee grasses and the spiteful spinifex. One marvels at tho hope which pushed men on originally into a desert so inhos« pitablo and so difficult of access. I cannot help thinking that I find a most excollcnt patient courage and good humor in tho uamo bestowed upon that execrable plant, tho wa;t-a« while. If it had been left to mo to christen it I am certain that I should havo striven to find for it something worthy of its diabolic attri butes. The nccdlo trco, which is the frequent companion of the wait-a-while, is a mild crea turo by comparison with it. Nature is not com tent with inhospitably in theso rogions. She is spitefully pointed and on edge against intrusion If sho has any small benefactions to bestow upon tho traveller sho hidc3 it carefully. Tho only blessing hereabouts is tho water in the roots of tho raallco trees, which has saved tho life of many an adventurer, though many another haa perished of thirst with his dying hoad within a yard of tho strangely hidden vivifying sources . On tho second day of my visit to Mildura tho thermometer registered 106 dcg. iu the shade What it registered in the sunlight I did not attempt to discover, but lay for tho greater part of tho flaming day in my pyjamas, in the sooiety of an astounding old book on Australia published in London in the year 1856, and written for tho express purpose of deterring all men from buy ing land anywhere in the Southorn Hemisphere' A man, it appeared, might trade profitably in Sydney or even in Melbourne, but tho idea of buying land in cither place was mora midsum mer madness, a thing by all sane men to be dis« couraged. The author of this surprising volurao is something of a fossil by this timo, if he bo still alive, but if ho docs still linger any whero it) will be interesting to know what he thinks of his own vaticinations. My host at the station house assured mo thai tho extreme heat of that day would nob last long His report of the climate at Mildura is that it 44 boils over " and that having reached its boiling point it subsides immediately, and becomes again as cujoyablo and exhilarating as I first found it» Happily the boiling over process occurred thaft afternoon, and next day tho weather was idea! My host and I started in company to look at tho beginning of the work of clearing, some six or soven miles away, travelling in a Boiid but light built buggy that went steady nBa rock over tho rough bush track — a very different vohiculav contrivance from that of tho day boforo yester day. The accomplished Australian bushmau ia certainly a wonderful whip, and tho way in which wo threaded in and out, amongst tho trees, turning a score of corners in as many lengths of team and vehicle, would havo been an astonishment to many a town driver who believes that he can "tool anything anywhere." The one plague of the Mallee scrub in early summer, the plague par excellence, is the bush fly, who swarms in countless hordes, which until one grows accustomed to thorn, make life a deso lation and a curse. Wo had been haunted by teasing myriads until wn had mado half a dozen milos or so when, thoy began to loavo us. A certain acrid odor of smoke in tho air accounted for thoir dopnrturo. As wo bowled along this odor became moro and more strongly per- ccptiblo, until at last wo emerged upon an open glade a mile or more in length, where the trees had all been felled and whoro tho logs and roots were slowly smouldering in scores of thousand of piles. Every here and thoro as wo drove, a ring of spinifox would catch firn at ono of thesa smouldering heaps, and would shoot up on extraordinary fierce and sudden flamo. Tha desolation of the forest itself was nothing to that of this narrow tract in the midst of it.' scarred with axe and firo, and mado hideous by the first of that series of transformations whioh leaves it in tho end tho smiling fruitful homo of man. Away at tho far ond of the smoking ridgo a stump oxtraotor was at work, and wy stood a while to watoh it. Thoro wore no big growths hero, and the engiuo met no foomea worthy of its stool wire traction rope. Tha - rope, which has a broaking Btrain of I forget how many hundred tons, was looped under any projecting knob in a tree stump, tho word was passed, the sturdily anchored engine clanked for a second or two, and before the steel wire seemed fairly taut the stump and its roots came out without even & pretence of reluctance. I had hoped to see a real tusslo between man and nature, between the dead force of inertia and that steam-breath ing thing of steel. But the man-built monster was only toying with his work that day, and did nothing that ft hundred men might not have done by a united effort. It seemed something of a pity to think of the countless thousands of tons of excellent firewood that had been and would be burnt to waste in the clearing of the land ; but as things exist at present the cost of transport is so infinitely above the value of the timber that there is nothing for it but to make the sacrifice. The next stop in the clearing of the land is to pass the scarifier over it, a process which clears it of every rooted weed and leaves it abso lutely bare of life. Then comes the plough, and the country is fit for culture. It look3 all Simple and easy enough on paper, and is indeed performed with an astonishing rapidity. But 1 have seen in my travels no moro inspir ing and truly majestic spectacle than this of the subjugation of waste nnturo to the needs of man. Ho is quite an old fashioned philosopher by this time who said that the man who caused two blades of grass to grow where only one had grown before was a benefactor of his kind. What of the sturdy thinkers and workers who, in the space of a mere year or two, have changed great tracts of worthless desert into fruitful gardens? It delights me moro than anything else in the world to think that the old British blood tells here as it has told everywhere. The originators of this scbc-mo are Canadians born, offshoots of the mother country in another clime. Some body was quoting to me the other day those beautiful verses of Wendell Holmes, which breathe the true spirit of the great hearted and large minded American towards the home Country His homo ? the western giant smiles. And twirls the spotty globe to find it ; This little speck the British Isles ? Tis but a freckle, never mind it." He laughs, and all his prairies roll, Each gurgling cataract roars and chuckles, . And ridges stretched from pole to pole Heave till they crack their iron knuckles. But Memory blushes at the sneer. And Honor turns with frown defiant ; And Freedom, leaning on her spear, Laughs louder than the laughing giant. . An islet is a world" t she said, 11 When glory with its dust has blended. And Britain keeps her noble dead Till earth and seas and skies are rended !" Beneath each swinging forest bough, Some arm as stout, in death reposes— From wave-washed foot to heaven-kissed brow Her valor's life blood runs in roses ; Kay, let our brothers of the West Write smiling on their florid pages One-half her soil has walked the rest In poets, heroes, martyrs, sages 1 Hugged in the clinging billow's clasp, Fromseawecd fringe to mountain heather, The British oak with rooted grasp ' Her slender handful holds together ; With cliffs of white and bowers of groen, And Ocean narrowing to caress her, And hills and threaded streams between— Our little mother isle, God bless her ! 2 had not thought tho citation would prove so long when I first recalled it, but tho sentiment expressed so amply fits and fills my own perhaps too chauvinistic British sense that I could not resist the temptation to find a place for it. There is a noblo "billabong" in the near neighborhood of tho settlement, which when locked at either end will hold supplies of water for the whole of a dry season without trenching on those of the Murray at all. This magnificent lagoon is 11 miles in length, and when I saw it had most of the beautiful characteristics of the main stream which feeds it. Its treo fringed marge is haunted by all tho multitudinous bird Hfe of which I have already spoken, and for many and many a year to come should afford the best of Colds for sport. A monster pump ing apparatus stands on its shores, the delivery pipes of which arc 4 feet wide, so thftt when they are half full there would be room, for a man to swim in them quito easily. There is another of equal power at a place called Psyche's Bend, and yet another of about half the sizo at Kich oil's Point. There was some talk in England in engineering circles whilst the pumps were being constructed out there which pointed to their probable failure, find I am told that tho constructor, when tho criticisms reached his ears, went mighty solemn find quiet for a time, but having figured every thing over, ab initio, resumed a porfcct tran quility, his verdict being, "They'vo got to work, find they wiU work." In effect, upon csperi- incut, they did work, and criticism on tho most scientific linos went for nothing, as has happened in the like case before to-day. The blackfoJlow was pretty thick about hero not so very long ago, and found it no doubt a happy hunting ground. Ono of my Companions told me of ono of the aboriginals' methods of securing gamo which has a certain Savngo ingenuity which seems worth citing. (Tho first Btcp was to oonstruct a not of bark fibre and suspend it from tree to tree across a portion of tho waters ot tbo billabong, weight ing it so that it sunk a foot or two, allowing somo 8 feet or 10 feet to rise above tbo Rurfaco. One of tho hunting party would Btay by this, whilst the rest set out, and reaching opposite sides of the lagoon by a wide detour, turned back again, Bearing tho wild fowl by all the devices they could think of. By and bye tho watcher hidden near tho not would eoo a Screaming cohort scudding above the water, and fit the proper moment would lot outau imitation Cf the cry of the oaglehawk, attho samo instant whirling a sheet of bark into tho air to per- Bona to the binL Tho ducks, not having timo to Investigate tho matter, would instantly swoop for a dive, and coming in contact with the net xvquld bo caught, sometimes by the .hundrocL Then would the. triumphant blackfollow .make for himself a feast; and would no doubt brag in bis own simplo mind about this triumph- of civilised human craft oyer tho foolish bruto creation. The citizens of such a place as Mildura aro bound to bo : interesting people. One might safely say of them, without having even seen them, that they are certain to be bnrdy, adven- turous and liandy. I had the pleasure of an introduction to one gentleman — a justice of the peace, by the way — who bad with his own hands built the handsome and comfortable honse ho lived iii. I passed an agreeable half hour with him in his own residence, and could only marvel at the skill, solidity and forethought with which it had been constructed. The prospering garden and the solidly built little villa made together as home like a place as one would wish to liro in, and the interior of tho house was filled with all those evidences of refinement in the midst of which an English gentleman would naturally desire to live. My jolly, hospitable host would havo it that before I went back into an older form of civili sation I must have a night and a day in tho , bush, and I being nothing loth (though to tell ; the truth I have had camping out enough in my time nuu had thought tho day for such adventures over), a party of guy fellows was got up, and out wo started in a buggy and a four in hand. Whenever a man knows perfectly well how to do a thing it looks simple to him, but I found the drive through tho trackless bush conducted with unerring precision to a given point, a little sur prising. I expressed the suiprise, and was good naturedly 6miled at for my pains. But for all that I do solemnly declare that to mo one part of tho road looked so absolutely like another that tho wonder how wo found a way remains a wonder and always wilL Mildura, by the way, is a temperance colony, but — I tell this in the strictest confidence — the stranger was never allowed to go thirsty for want of an excellent lager beer, cunningly cooled in canvas water bags, or an equally excellent glass of whisky and soda, or a still moro excellent champagne in pints, gone almost still with age. Ago takes the friakiness and spnrklo out of most things, but sometimes leaves the better qualities behind. It was not thought advisable to make tho trip more Spartan than wsb actually necessary, and wo carried a touch or two of Capuon manners in the bush with us. The commissariat was i liberally remembered, and certain darkish bottles on each of which, to the best of my remembrance, there was a label in which some thing called a "blend" was lauded, were stowed away in the bowels of the dray. When Phil Robinson went home from Aus tralia ho told a story to which I am sorry to say nobody attached the slightest credence. He said that he was sleeping in somo little wooden built township in a district in Australia which was infested with rabbits, and that in the night there came what he called a " rabbit wave." It was a milo or two wide, and Heaven knows how many miles long, and some half score of feet in height. It came along with a force so irresistible that it carried away the township. Mr. Robinson, I believe, was the solo survivor of this strange calamity — bo that there was nobody left to contradict him — and he only escaped by the lucky accident that tho "wavo" broke on a sandy plain and so lot him down gently, with nothing worse than a few bruises and a some what shattered nerve. Now I don't profess to believe that curious narrative oven yet, but I admit a kind of fanci ful foundation for it. If tho rabbits I saw in tbc two days of that excursion had known how to combine they might have carried away any- thing— even Phil Robinson when he was weighed with the sense of responsibility which ought to have rested upon the author of that surprising conception which I havo just quoted. How they swarmed ! tkoso rabbits. And what a battuo wo might have had with the hair-dozen guns we carried if we had a score of. beaters. As it was I grew shoulder soro and had a gun headache, which as everybody knows is ono of the least agreeable ailments of its species. Our youthful Bportsmen did not even ask to have tho buggy or the drag brought to a standstill, but peppered the poor bunnies right and left as wo rolled along, and made very good practice too. Now I began more fully to understand tbo reason why every allotment in the Mildura colony is bound in by a wire fence, which is sunk to some considerable distance into the ground. Now, too, I began to see tho necessity for tbe advertisement which week by week finds its way into tbo. columns of the local journal, running thus " All persons travelling through the Mildura properties arc requested to closo tho gates in tho vermin-proof fences through which they pass. A heavy penalty is imposed by tho Act for neglect to closo such gates, and any person found so offending after this dnto in con nection with tho Mildura fences will bo prose- cuted as far as the law will allow." No wonder. TUh rabbits would lcavo but a poor chance for the aettlers if they could havo their way. Our party did . yeoman's service against the plague, for wo left a good twelve score of the enemy dead upon tho field, but this was only liko a drop out of a pond. We reached our destination as the night was coming down, and chose our camping place in the centre of a natural clearing, not far from the river, and in the midst of a clump of mallee trees. A handful of grass, an armful of dry twigs, tho sputter of a match, and thcro was tbe beginning of our camp fire. Then thero was a rending of dead branches from tho trees, and in almost as little timo as it takes to write the words theflamesbuiltupawallof half transparent dusk about us, making tho night seem darkor by contrast with their own glancing brightness. One mado an excursion to the stream, and came baok with a billy full of water, which being sot upon tbo fire began soon to bubble with a cheer ful and suggestive murmur. We pionlced in tho growing darkness, and as I munched my provender I thought of many and many a similar yet different scene in the old world. Poor ArohieMaoNeill, true friendandhoucatman, and brilliant workman, basely murdered two yearaago in Boulogne Harbor, carao baok to mo liko a ghost when I thought of our almost boyish encampments in Sutton Woods In tho old country. And many a good chum's face peered over my shoulder as I callod to mind the scores of nights spent by tho camp fire in summer's heat and winter's cold, on the Roumelian plains or on tho ' Balkan's heights, whero the tired soldiery slept ! whilst wo spun our yarns, or the dogs howled in I some distant city of the dead lately ravaged by the Tchircosse and the Zeibeck. Nights of merriment, when the song went round and tho coarse rum was pariiied by fire in the tin panni kin, and campaigning was tho most glorious lark in the world. Nights of silence, and cold, and hunger, when the drifted snow was deep and the warmest of bearskins was a meagre shelter. Nights when tho big guns boomed for hours and hours in the dark, and the arc of light mado by the timo fuses at tho Schipka Pass seemed to the eye to travel slowly, slowly, slowly over a foot or two of midnight blackness— whilst in reality they rushed furiously for a mile. Many times come back to me. Many faces and voices of old times, that I shall sco and hear no more. "Where are ye, old companions trusty?" Somo aro married, some aro dead, All aro scattered now and fled. Alt, me! But what has this to do with a trip up the Murray River? Out with the black bottle, good mine host, and let us test the blend its label brags of. A generous liquid. Let us have a merry hour. We had a merry hour, and more than one. Thero was a violiuiat amongst U3 who had brought his tools with him, and mado no despic able music for us. And we waked tho echoes of tho solitude with a good many choruses, and I myself — the present narrator (let it not bo thought I boast) — came out of my cus tomary ponderous solemnity, and told a futiny story, which convulsed (absolutely convulsed) one member of our party— a most discerning youth, whom I shall always remember with gratitude. When the merriment was all over we turned in with our rugs and blankets, and slept until 4.30 in tho morning, at which unearthly hour we were awakened by our chief tain, and so betook ourselves to rabbit slaughter again until it was time for luncheon, after which we drove homewards. We sighted a little group of emus, but they took to their long legs before we could get a near view of them, not having been instructed probably with respect to the protection the laws of tho land afford them. The colony of Victoria is certainly to bo con gratulated on its treatment of the Irrigation scbemo. A similar plan, started by tho same projectors, and enjoying all tho samo natural advantages, has been opened at Renniark, but does not flourish like its sister 6ottlement, and for a perfectly obvious reason. The South Aus tralian Government has not only done less to foster it, but has ootually allowed a threat of Government competition to be held out against it. The result is that, whilst the colony in Victoria is thriving and growing in a most remarkable deg:ee, that in South Australia is at present at something very like a standstill. There is little fear of its ulti mate success, howover, for the value of the principle upon which it is founded is almost universally admitted. In California, where the eamo experiments havo been tried, the trade in fruit with the Eastern States rose from 8,000,000 lb. to 32,000,000 lb. avoirdupois in a single year. Land there which originally cost £160, on which trees were planted nt a ch&rgo; of £320, was cultivated at a profit for seven years and a half was then purchased by Mr. F. L. AUes (the editor of tho Californian) for £5000, tho pur chase money includiug a houao which had cost £1000 to build. What California can do Aus tralia can do, and sbo can do it all the more cer tainly because her topsy-turvy seasons send her products into tho market at a timo when tho gardens and oroliards of the rest of tho world aro bare. I had a half formed idea of turning fruit grower myself, and sitting down under my own vine and fig tree, but reflecting that on the wholo I would rather see London and Paris again, I resigned it, and bade tbe pleasant place adieu. We came steaming back to Morgan through tho samo placid charms of river scenery of which I havo already given so faint and vnguo a picture, and on tho way a rousing adventure befell us, for wo ran full tilt into tho trading boat Queen and stove in her bows, insomuch that eho had to put into tho bank for the repair of damages. There was no great harm done, but one or two of the pas sengers of the injured oraf t got into a prodigious pothenaud flutter of excitement, and we were found in talk for an hour or two. Then at Morgan wo said good-bye to tho beautiful river, and ran down by rail to sunny Adelaide, and after a pleasant day or two with pleasant folk therogot back to Melbourne. And bo endeth tho biBtory of a new chum's travels in Australia. Tho new chum himself sails for other climes within an hour or two of the time at which these lines will como iuto the readers' hands. He carries away a thousand pleasant memories, has met countless kindnesses and good services, and acknowledging them with a thankful heart, promises in all honesty never to foi got them until tho day comes when he can no longer remember anything. The committee of the Sydney Technological Museum havo received from Messrs. Whitbread and Co., brewers, of London, a munificent gift of a beam ongino by James Watt, tho cele brated natural philosopher and civil engineer, which, originally erected in 1785, has been working over since, and was only pulled down in 1887 to mako room for a larger one. It is believed to bo tho best existing specimen of its kiud. On a brass plate on the engine is tho following quaint inscription : — " Tho steam engine was first Invented by tho most nobio Edward Somerset, Marquis and Earl of Wor cester, 1655. Improved by Captain Thomas Savery, 1699. Further improved by Thomas Nowcoraen and John Cawlcy, ingenious mechanicians, of Dartmouth, in the county of Devon, 1712. The expense in fuel reduced ono-half by John Smeatoo, F.R.8., of Aust- thorpe, in the county of York, civil engineer, 1768\. Greatly enlarged in its powers and uses and brought to its present state of perfection by Mr. James Watt, F.R.8., of the oity of Glasgow, who received his Majesty's patent 1769, and in conjunction with Mr. Matthew Boulton, of Birmingham, F.R.S., obtained an Act for the exclusive privilege for 25 years, commencing 1775\. They ereoted this engine, which performs the work of 35 horses, in 1785. But in the course of ten years use more power being found noeessary, this fgino was altered to make it equal to the work of 70 horses." 