MELBOURNE. Nov. 7. [Fbom Ode Cobbesfondent,] In Carnival week it would be a sort of semilunacy to write about politics. No one takes tbe least interest in anything save horses. But it may be worth while to point out as the municipalities are greatly interested in this question that my first prediction is likely to be the correct one, and that the Local Government Amendment Bill will not be proceeded with this session. It is true the group conference has passed a resolution urging upon the Premier the desirability of settling the endowment question at once, but how little prospect there is of that may be judged by the fact that Mr Gillies, speaking after dinner the other evening, said that it would hot be practicable to deal with that question before Parliament adjourned, and that at the conference Mr Cameron, who, as Whip pi'imus, is supposed to k now some thing of his leader's mind, suggested at tbe conference that the Bill should not be insisted upon this session but that the municipalities should look it over in recess with a view of assisting the Government to frame a more perfect measure based upon their present proposals. I observe the conference appointed a deputation to wait upon the Premier to urge the views of the majority. Tou may reckon it a sure thing that they will be courteously informed that " most certainly the bill will be proceeded with this session " if—and there is much virtue in an ' if '—" the exigencies of public business permit. " In the Council Mr Service is developing an aggressive attitude he rarely exhibited when a member of the Assembly, not only towards a certain section of his fellow members, but to the President. The old war-horse doesn't 6eem to take kindly to the society of those who have been coudemned as unfit for battle. His speech on Wednesday night in support of the petition of Messrs J. Noble, Wilson, and T, D. Wanliss of Ballarat, praying for redress of what they considered a grievance they suffered under three years ago at the bands of the Elections and Qualifications Committee, betrayed a certain amount of irritation he scarcely deigoed to conceal. Certainly the E and Q did jump Jim Crow a bit at that time, but as I was present throughout the proceedings, lean assure you that the petitioners against the retiring Mr Gore never had the ghost of a show. But when the President ruled the petitioner out of order oil the ground that the decision of the Elections and" Qualifications Oommittee was by the law of Parliament final, Mr Service visibly chafed, but Sir James knows how to keep his'foot down when it i6 planted, aod when he announced that the only way by which the House could bring tbe question under review, was by submitting a motion that it diBagreed with his ruling, even Sir William Clarke woke up trom that beauty sleep he daily takes in the Chamber. To disagree with the ruling of the best dinner-giver in the Australian Club, that would have been an iconoclasm 1 And talking of dinner giving reminds me that society is just now wrestling with a perfect surfeit of this form of sensuous indulgence, To the usual f<5tes of Carnival week has been added the departure of the Lochs, and the result is that the people whose orbit is in tbe upper circles scarcely can find time to dress. Luncheons, dinners, suppers, have been succeeding each other at such a pace that digestion shrinks appalled from the prospect, and not content with this, some gastronomical friend has carved out the idea of invitation breakfasts. You are expected to these at any time between nine aud ten—variously fixed on the cards—morning costume being worn of course, and you are treated by your host to exactlv those things, wbich at the building-up meal of the day nobody ought to eat, curries patts, lobster, epiced soups—and to my fancy soup before noonday is intolerable, sautes of kidney and liver, fish—and you must remember we never taste fresh fish in Melbourne, all that we can buy being never less than four to six hours old, and generally a great deal more —eggs- boiled,. scrambled, poached, fried and carair-elled delicate grills of ham, the broded bones of turkey or. spring chicken and a variety of other foods whicn one may digest at night over the wine, but which are insufferable in the early part of the day -form the staple of these repasts. What does it.all amount to? The Lochs must be entertained, and' have a good "Bend off," is the cry, and 4the auxibary •planets intheir- sphere. Governors and Lords and Lordhngs have ;t:> be invited too. With what Roman fortitude these duties are performed, you.may judge by tha fact that at the-dinner given bv the Melbourne Club to Sir Henry Loch and the auxiliary Governors last Saturday, whereat covers were laid for one hundred and twenty gueBts, there were but two vacant chairs. The strain upon the recognised society entertainers is; just now severe,-' but it mu6t.be borne. 1 The Lochs must retain a kindly, recollection of Australian hospitality. Then we will smooth our plumes,: and—in the lively expectation of better to ; come—give hbBral- greeting to the Hopetoun'6. The Cup, the Cup [ nothing but the Cup has been the cry for .the last few days. Every-' body—high and low, rich and poor—seems to have gone-racing: mad. ,: It-, is true 5,000. people are reported to,,have;:attended -the: Salvation Army; picnic, -but .what-are they; compared to the scores of thousands jwhoi were on tho: Flemmgton racBcoursB on Tuesday. ' Night and-day, from the rising of the sun to the; going down thereof, it has been: the' : same thing ov-er anci over ..again. I know of : i scores who ,v,-n! bronthe free, rejoice, and be exceedingly glad when the Racing Carnival is over and matters have settled down into their normal condition. Among:those will be the dwellers in the more remote suburbs- JTor : these the last few weeks have been a reign of terror.. . The ;Cup -of >1889 must have brought: •an ^unprecedented - crowd -of desperate-rascals anto Victoria,i-for.from^ll,sides come reports' .of;-danng-fburglarieB.,--iBut,-is there no'way: of stoppmg.tbissort.of thibgj -Iiinquiredthe other, day.fof a .well-known:,-police ofEcer:; None, "was- the emphatic .reply." -..Everyone i knows- the force ,is under wanned but even:! if.it' were,up .to its full.strehgth it could not hope- to compete with -the excess of --vallainy poured into tbe city each yar at this time; .Tbat is the dark slde of the Gup of Marvellous .Melbourne In your own correspondent you have a man who hat£ a fnend, . who - really; and truly dreamed the winner of the Melbourne Cup, and whose friend related unto him eaid dream ffihat'was-at the time that Bravo was said to be lame or in choice sporting parlance "dead to the world * When my friend impressed on me the' advisability of .-backing vhis due am I; laughed him to scorn but not out of his determination to support the result of his vi ion Not an hour ago he came into the office .with a plethoric apoplectio roll -of notes' to the valtie ol £500 As he showed it to me ,he;laugh?d,' Jididnti -,.Next ^yearjsbme one else will-dream the winner and I shall be tempted to back it and it will nobcome^iff Atthe time of the Land Boom, city blocks brought suoh terrific prices that the purl' chasBreiw.erer«ompeUediton;build i fpremiBeB'oti them of eight, nine, ten and eleven stories "high As may easily be nmagined the results ?sofsthis«tate:of«thingawas: some^^extraordinary mtehitecturaldeyelopmentsr.^ irforanstance/ JtbereaB .onedarge solace ithatthaB -beenchristened the ''Bride Cake 1 That is riecansBihe;outsidBVjiha8j33een!:.donewin.-:brsght redbrick and white stucco, the windows are light "in tracery and many in iiutaher, and the -whole is surmbjinted by just that kind of ornamentation --adorning the confectionery' mIi Til ch l c 1- mriicd peo[k will "acquaintances, yiU Other Jiuildings {.are thin'i and fall, I t ill the vorid iiw a corn stack But ifr-rlM remMrilcltfor the; W Cht addition t < Llr/AetUtrert all ^Che jtrcbitecWf tta -has^siS doo.,""iUth-a- laudation. ft to YM-ettni.es s:k» jentsw ' " junior officer in 6er Majesty's service. I h«ar that a young gentleman attached to a certain warship asked for, and-was refused, permission to go ashore to see the Cup. That, determined to see. it, he took French leave. Further, thai careful as ..he was,' he had the misfortuna on the course to meet face to face the very officer who. refused him leave. That is the land of thing they are not inclined to look over easily in the Imperial service. Love not only rules the camp, the court and tbe grove, but also has full sway in the mansions of wealthy contractors, A nice little bon bon for tho scandal mongers is that mapriage between the daughter of one of our largest contractors and her father's coachman. One paper describes it is an elopement. But that is a mistake. There was not tbe slightest three-volume yellow-back novel romance about lt - la u d y- loB K before she came of age, told her parents she would marry the man of her choice ; aDd she did. Both her parents, it is reported, are so furious that she runs but little chance of inheriting any of their large wealth. But this is a contingency that does not seem to trouble the lady in the least. Can a6 much be said of the bridegroom? 