Who are the Curlews? PBESIDEXT'S IXVITATIOX SlIOKS XlGHT On Thursday evening, November 21. the President of the Curlew C:nb, Mr. C. M. Davies, entertained his fellow mem ben at the Fitzroy Town Hal), where the nsnal monthly meetings ot the club are held. This clnb was established in 1S5I to provide its members witli monthly social meetings, and to assist in charit able movements of a national character. It has now attained 3uch proportions that it may with safety claim to be the premier clnb of its class in the metropolis. Starting with 13 members its roll now contains 150, and each month the list is added to. For the past five years Mr. .Davies has been the president, whilst the bon. secretary, Mr. T. P. Dight ha3 held that position almost since the inception of the clnb. The club is essentially a Fitzroy one, and inclades amongst its members nearly all the prominent citizens and pnblicmen including the Mayor and all the Councillors; but *.be excellence of the programm- s givei at its monthly smoke ingots and quarterly ladies1 nights have secured for it a large support from the residents of adjoining cities. Its progress was, during the last year somewhat re tarded by the necessity for changing the place of meeting to Melbourne, owing to the re-construction of the Fitzroy Town Hall. For more than a year the meetings were held in either the Athecsenm or Masonic Halls, but not withstanding these drawbacks, the clnb steadily added to its reputation and its list of members. It possesses a fine orchestra of its own, nnmbering 25 in struments, under the conductorsbip of Mr. O. -Warnecke, the leader being Mr. A. Kraetzer. Its quartette party of 21 members, under the conductorsbip of Mr. A. J. Pallett, regularly contributes the most popnlar part songs, and has attained a high pitch of excellence. The EosciaDS, who each year add to their reputation as exponents of Shakspeare, and- whose an nual performances at the metropolitan tbeatrea have made the Melbourne public well acquainted with their Abilities, are all members of the Curlew Club, and their contributions to the programmes cf scenes from Shaks peare add largely to their attractiveness. With their internal resources it is no wonder that.this society is able to main tain a standard of supereminence as promoters of sociality, the more so as it also numbers amongst its members many of the best metropolitan singers, both amateur and professional. The club has recently purchased a concert grand piano, which gained a first-class award in the recent Melbourne Exhibition. To ac commodate the attendance at its monthly smoke nights, the new main hall of the Fitzroy Municipal Buildings is required, and this, with its splendid decorations, magnificent and well equipped stage and very complete accessories, it is hoped will materially assist the Curlews in their further progress. The event of Thurs day 'evening, last week, was in tended to mark the recent action of the body in their hearty expressions of goodwill at the mairlage of their chief, and the large attendance at the club rooms testified to the esteem and respect with which Mr. Davies. is regarded by Curlews, Among the guests were the Mayor of Fitzroy and all the councillors, representatives from neigh boring municipalities, the commander and several .officers;of the Ozooe, During an interval Mr. E. W, Best, M.L.A., pro posed the toastof the president, referring in very complimenttry-.terms to that gentleman's efforts on behalf of the club. Ho alluded also to his recent entranoe into the bonds of matrimony, and expressed the pleasure which it gave him on that ocoasion to present the bride with a joint memento from the members of the club, which took the form of a diamond curlew brooch. Mr. Davies thanked the members and Mr. Beat for their kindness to himself and Mrs. Davies, who was desirous they shonld know that she appreciated their consideration very greatly indeed. He would endeavor to do his utmost to show that he had the club's interest at heart, and felt sure that he had been more than repaid for any little service that _he, as president, had been to them, and hi3 con nection with the club had been most pleasurable to him. For the progress of the club, which had indeed been most gratifying, they bad to a large extent to thank" the energetic secretary and com mittee, who spared no pain3 in the carry ing ont of their ardnons duties. His re marks were concluded amidst applause. A feature of the invitation smoke night given by the president ..of the Curlew Club in the Fitzroy Town Hall on Thurs day evening, November 21, was the dis play of scenery jn3t completed by Messrs. Hennings and Edmunds to the order of the Fitzroy City Council. Of this, the street, garden and rampart srenes were painted by Mr. J. Henning3, whose re putation is in itself a guarantee of ex cellence. Ia this instance the thoroughly artistic and classical character of tt e work secured the hearty applause of the audience. The Roman street scene shows Mr. Henningj' skill in architectural effects and bi3 perfect mastery of the classical. The garden scene is similar in character, and the sky a marvel of soft fleeciness. The rampart scene im mediately eneages the attention of the cursory oDlookcr. and draws forth the enthusiastic eulogies of the Shakspearian student, lu all its details it is absolutely, correct, and could only have been painted by one who had an intimate knowledge of Shakespeare's masterpiece, as well as a complete command over the brush. Uttered in front of such, a scene, the words of Hamlet and his father's ghost have an additional force, for the eye as well as the ear tells of the time, when the faint dawn of the approaching day warns the perturbed spirit that with it he will once more be " Confined to fast in fires, Till the foul crimes done in his day of nature, , • - • Are burnt and purged away." There are six scenes by Mr, Edmunds - drawingroom, wood, Gothic chamber, prison, horizon and kitchen scenes. Of these time only allowed of three being set on this occasion. The drawingroom scene is one which harmonises well with modern appointments, and yet with equal efiect may be used for a mediaeval play. It is a fine piece of work and a most useful scene. The wood or forest scene called forth unanimous praise, and is certainly equal to anything of its kind which we have seen on the Mel bourne stage. Set in extent, and sup ported by splendidly execute! wood wings, the whole * formed a charming picture, soft but perfectly distinct, the efiect of atmosphere and perspective being very fine indeed. The prison scene is characterised by appropriate solidity and sombreness, and the kitchen scene is amusingly correct in its details. The Gothic chamber is a . splendid bit of work, rich in color and tone, although not shown on Thursday evening, it is cer tain to commend, itself. The horizon painted on the rear wall of the stage is a cleverly executed and most useful scene, and serves to complete the stage equip ment. Besides the scenes . mentioned above there are of course various acces sories in the shape of borders, pros-' cenium wings, flics, etc., which are all essential to the general efiect, but which need not be detailed here. That the result, bowevor. was most satisfactory may be judged from the faot tbat^Mr. Henniugs and Mr. Edmuuds each received a call and well merited ap plause. The Mayor, Or. W. S. Gadd, seized the ppportunity to propose the health of the artists, and in doing so, complimented them very warmly on the high character of the work just com pleted. He thanked Messrs, Hennings iiud Edmunds for their conscientious work, and the Curlews fur the assistance, rendered in its supervision, Th'e' Odun cil was largely indebted to the club for its suggestions. 