x 1d GHOST STORIES. to THE. GHOSTLY SIGNAL AND THE PHANTOIL:PLOUGIHMAN. r. Two capitfal gliost stories reiach is from the other saide of the Atlantic. The first is cn- Canadian, the second comes from Pennsyl Vavia. us, TIE GENESIS OF TILE OOS9T. Ir. Iest autumon there was an accident on the Canada Atlantic railway, near the station at n- St. Scholastique. A farmer named Brunet id. was walking along the track at about 12 o'clock at night, when the Ottawa express came along, struck him, and throw his e body 100ft. away, so horribly mangling s. it that portions were found in the sot braiches of a" clump :of trees growiig beside tho.track' ' 'lhere 'have': beeon five att different 'engineers of 'that train since "a the; the loat'resigning qaly;n'fsivdeays ago. t The~·idseogiven 'fora the'resignationewwss rY that the luamp;,of .trees was , haunted;',aidd le tiat there Iwere strange ignals ' hro ad very night, whicapp always' tstoppedietrain he :nd*thenlaradirode' 'Tiso'engiciece who resigned last gives the following reasons for giving up his position: wIr TEn euartnmcR RESIGNED. It's a ghost or something like it, and it b has been the cause of four other esgi at necrs asking to be transferred. I ee first saw the ghost one night two weeks as ago. I had loft St. Scholastique, and was Id whooping her up, because I was It trifle late. 'e I hlad lardnllygot her going, when I saw whalet os seemed to be a red star floating in thle air, ct perhaps a mile away, and ahead of me. It grew larger as Igot nearer, and suddenly it s' truck me tlhat the red star was a red lat, min Yet it was very high in the air-too high, es thought I, to be a signal. Inoticed aclso that it apparently hovered ever tiee clump of trees. r. As got withsit2O0 yards of the trees thored globe seemod to jump across from the trees Sright over the truck. Thlis al took place icn shorter while tlhan it takes me to tell it. I was startled. The light was undoubtedly cx that of a signal lamp, and hung directly s. in the way of the train. I' hadn't ig time to all the attention of my firemen to it before I was on top of it. Friglhtened i r. axed fearful tlheet there was sometleing thec t matter with the road, I whistled down I 1- brakes, shut off steam, put on the air brakes, I yand stopped the train. Everybody was startled. The conductor ran forward and asked whlat was the matter. I told him, anc I ;r we started back to investigate. There was s nothing the matter with the road. There 3\. wasn't a house within half a mile of the id place, nor could any footprints be discovered it, n the snow to show that anybody had been in the neighbourhood. Now, up to thattimeo I had never heard of the ghost, but I noticed , that the conductor, George Welles, was c stratngely agitated, and the fireman looked e soared.. TILE FIERY LOBDE ONCE MORE. S My next up trip was two nights later, and Sprecisely the same phenomenon appeared. o I was cared thi time. That it was super- e natural I had no doubt, and despite an inceli- t d nation to brave the ghostly warning and keep I o the train going, my hands turned off the I steam and put on the air brakes almost mechanically. lThe conductor came fornvard Sas before. explained cexactly the same way, ° and we went n after failing to discover any reason why a danger signal should have been used at that particular point. My fireman t t then told me that the apparition, ghost, or t d whatever it was, had been seen by four c others, who had all got other shifts. They v o couldn't stanred it. Neither couldI-and hero r I am, laid off. 1 A irlHANTOi rLouorawt. In the nortlh-western corner of Lower 1 Istrion towlnship, LMontgomery County, rPa., a a great huIbbub has been riseL by a phantom v farner who is nightly seen ploueghisg ill i 1 field. The apparition was tirt discovered about theo end of March by a ifnrmn halnd who i 1 was returnincg lito frcn coursing. Emerg ing from a wooded pathway that skirted anis old forest for miles, this rustic was startled to Ihear a sepulchral voice cocnncnuding ia team to lhalt. le looked in vain about the b, plce for a moenlncet or two, and was I about moving on again when the same o s ound fell ocn sis ear. A shiver crept over 1 1 him as ho heard lthe creaking of an unseen a ifarncess, and his terror was far from beinsg 1 alclayed biy the whinny of a hlorso alnost c directly before him. At that moment thle tl now mnoon stole over the neighlbouring tree- e tops, and in its mnisty light hie plainly saw i the phantom farnncer. It was clearly out- t lined agaiunst the dark background, and its o two hands held in a steady grasp the pro. njecting handles of a plough. Before it g cmarched a pair of spirited horses, dinly out- c, lined in tihe misty light, their heads erect and to their eyes laoshincg tire as tihey moved hastily i1 along. The young iman waited another re moment to reassure hlimself, and was about to as tike to his heels when plougheenn, lhorse, f and plough suddenly vanished. ' Then he,e too, fled in wild alarm. ci se e SEDVEN METIN. or At Silas Brown's corner grocery on the night succeedirng thlis, the youing man, Albert a Cooper by name, told this startling story. kt The crowd adjourned to the alleged scene of cc thoe ghost's operations to verify or disprove ny Cooper's tale. ThIey had not long to wait. w WVithout the noises that had warned Cooper w the night before, the phantom farcer cap- se peared before tihe eyes of thire seven men who pr sat upon the fence, or, to be more accurate, who almost fell from it in terror. His long tri white hair and beard streamed in the pasing be wind.' No hat was upon his hcad, m' nor could any , poation of his face 'bo co seen. except thelo glistening eyes. These P4 ishot out from'. a height of more o than seven foeet from thle grond, indicating , the spectral gcranger was taller than the me average of human kind. About his body, which could noatwell he traced, thero was a phosphorescent glow whichl dazrzled thie eyes of the terrified spectators and shone far ahead of the steadily moving hlorses. The plough he leaned on seemed of skeleton frame, but it fre tossed off the soft, moist earthi cs easily as a as steamer turns the river waves. On he came, A tihe horses seooomed to ohalo fire, their heads as erect and arolhig, and footfalls as firm and or clear as any the. watchers ever heard. At tihe corner of tie field they turned obediently st st a word fromn tlheir spectral driver, and again passed before the atfrighted spectators, lil who tlhereupon flied in haste. Tvet mE'eeD rLOUGHouEn reY ree 015oHO. ac lic tihe followiceg morcing a crowd of rustics detemrmned to go to tise field ancd see wheothcer any trace of the farmer coreld be do found. As they came in sight of the en- rac closauro one of tihe nucmber exclceimecl in Sc aetonlsheent: * "I'll be durned if the thing wl docse't plong, sure enosghs." Ho was right. One-ehulf of the field id been gone cn over, evidently by no clovice. Tihe furroave hI were ceot quito so broad eis tlhose mildo by 'acs lac an ordinsery plocugheman, but they were less reegged cncesd more deep, and were us straighit " as tihe most experiouced eye cosld make theou. A day or tvo after the same group vent out to view the fields again, and this time they ie foucnd thceet thse plsantocn Iced finslhed tlee hes woric. Tise oaacer of'the field was one of ar the nccmber, acd hie took a solemn oanth tisst w ce had not tccned a nod in thee enclosure. thc Tice Prince of Wales is elel to speak Trencs Ia best of all the Royalties of Europe, cm 