" LETTERS TO I'OIILIC MEN-."—G M G. THIS FALLACIES OK THE Age.—Its cableB, A CALL TO ARMS.—Tliepolioeman'b whistle to the cook, A QDEENSLAND contemporary lias an article on Satan in its social column. A THEATRICAL disapp3arance is reported from Newcastle, The ghost has walked probably. IT is unfair to SAF our constibles never catch anybody, we know several who court a cook. THE River Darling is to be locked up. 2s T ew goutli Wales is mighty frightened of her rivers. A NEW fire-escape is ou the ta/ni. have religious sects enough already. Surely we WHEN a constable misbshaves himself he loses a stripe, when a civilian misbehaves himself he gets fifty. A LOCAL journalist lias died whilst taking a bath. We don't think Melbourne journa'ists needed this warning. AN ex-polieemau was charged with having no visible means of support at a suburbiu court the other day. What sarcasm. Conic bonnets are beaoniiug fashionable for ladies' wear, but there is no satisfaction for the husbands, the prices are " Dublin." NINE suicides were committed in Melbourne daring the month of May, but the opjra season is now concluded. A LOCAL sheet prints a column of paragraphs under the heading of " Police Points." Of course, they are very dull. AMKIIICAN papers are discoursing ou " The St rugglc of the Sexes," Their struggle for the pants, we presume. AN American has patented an artificial lung. Great Scott! what if our legislators tike to wearing three 1 A RECENT Argiu gently observed that Jlr. Burnell, the late Town Clerk of Brunswick, " had eujoyed very bad health for five years." WHEN people generally begin to speak of water as "drink,' we will be convinced that teetotal principles are triumphing. REPORTS arc about to the effect that Sir Henry 1'arkes intends retiring shortly. Nonsense ! Sir Henry l'arkes is not of a retiring disposition. There are three rivers named after members of Parliament in New Zealand. They are so named chiefly because they won't "dry up." ONE hundred and fifty stileu umbrellas have bsen found in the possession of the manager of a London club, lie was putting by for a rainy day, A BRISBANE paper in its " fashion column" gives instructions regarding the making of " court dresses." Police-court dresses, wa presume. TUE Herald is loftily scornful at the expense of the people who flock to bear the details of the " Nithalia Horror." "i'tiii is rather rough on its subscribers. A RETRIEVER dog tried to stir a cauldron of hot tar with his tail at the South Melbourne gasworks the other day. He now concludes with a bald and unconvincing narrative. THE petrified man is to be brought to Melbourne, probably in search of his descendants, many of whom are thought to hold high offices in the Railway Department. THERE are one million four hundred and eightyfive thousand widows in Eugland. ThiB intelligence alone is enough to ruin the Imperial Federation idea out here. A VISITOR to Cirrington the other day took a waiter for His Excellency. He only recovered from the confusion of this blunder when he met Carrington and mistook him for a waiter. A LETTER- CARRIER named Cherry is seeking to recover damages from a Brisbane man whose dog bit him severely some short time liac't. We wonder if the dog took two bites at that cherry. A NEW SOUTH WALKS up-country paper in its last iBsue laments that it could not get out its previous number because of the wet. The " wet" the editor took, we preeume. OVEK 14,000 sermons were circulated last year by the London Metropolitan Tabernacle And yet there arc people who profess that they can't understand why the world is weary. A SPNDAY school superintendent and general goody-goody named Waters has got into trouble at Brisbane for (kipping with church funds. This case is locally referred to as the great Water-fall. A PANIC has been created in a London theatre by the simple burning-of a ballet girl's dress. The wonderful thing about this is how in creation the H imcs managed to find dress enough to catch hold of. A LOCAL contemporary last week published a column article, headed, "lhe True Spirit in tho Home." That's right. We are glad to find the papers discouraging the consumption of adulterated rum. A WOMAN is said to have Bhot & burglar in Sydney. Every day brings forward fresh evidence of the desirability of female emancipation. Not until the " Force " is opsn to women will burglars be adequately coped with. DoubtlesB, had that lady been single, the burglar would not have got ofi' so easily —she would have married him. THE Sydney Echo violently opposes giving the franchise to women. 1 hut just exemplifies the difficulty of the-situation. Women desirous of the change will find the fiercest antagonists among their own sex. SI'AlN has offered the Pope a retreat .• — How sad.to think that he who e'er In Italy has found a home, And reigued so long in glory there, May have to go abroad to " Rome." THOMAS JONES was arrested as a "drunk and disorderly '' the other day in the city because a vehicle ran over him aud fractured his skull. Thank goodness, we have our noble police to prot ect UB from such criminals as this ! THE electric light has at last been fully installed in the Geeloig Times office. The comps. on that brilliant paper arc now spared the trouble, savouring of impertinence, of readiug their "copy" by the light of each other's msea. A IATE parliamentary candidate lias been arrested in Queensland for having no lawful visible means of support. If Victorian police become as pa-ticnlar as those of Queensland there will be a danger of our next general elections being knocked on the head. TUB Age gravely chronicles the intelligence that '* horse mange has broken out in the Clarence Hi ver." This is ab^ut the queerest freak of nature that has ever come under our notice. Are the local veterinary surgeons treating the river for the disease ? SciiAr from the Herald'o " Telephone' 1 column, Mr. lillery speaking through the instrument :— " I was passing one of the grounds the other day, and all the spectators were the colour of that (pointing to a blue celestial globe), and, unlesB I am very much mistaken," &c.; The parenthesis is the Herald's. We are not astonished at the reporter being able to see through the Herald s telephone, we have seen through it for some time. THE head of a family should not rush into print in even hie local paper without asking his betterhalf to cast her sensitive eye over the sociological mathematics of the screed. List week a patriotic father wrote to tbe.N.S. W. Lands Minister pointing out in his first paragraph that he was married iu Sydney sixteen years ago, and claiming in his last paragraph that in his own and his wife s estimation their eldest boy, "now 174,' should be allowed to cake up a selection on MB own account, THE new police court at Geelong West V 0,5 opened last week with a champagne luncheon. This o.h serf ul fashion will, no doubt, extend to the opening of graveyards in time. It seems, however, that a slight oversight was committed iu the constrnction of the court. A dock has been provided for prisoners, but there is no cell in which to detain them whether sentenced or remanded, lhe prisoners will have no objections to make we feel confident. THE lady correspondent of an up-conntry paper notifies that Mr. and Mrs. De lirowii have gone South for a few months. The fair scribe then proceeds:—"I am quite sure that I envy Mrs. ))e Brown, and would give more than I know to be in her position." Oh, dear! ONE of the worst lanes in a little northern suburb has b;en christened Gladstone. That would be rough on the G.O.M., were it not that the christening is explained by the fact that a member of the local municipal council is named Gladstone. Hence it is rough on the lane. THE very latest idea in weddings is said to be an umbrella profusely decorated with flowers, under which he and she stand when the knot is being tied. This arrangement is particularly happy when the marriage is sub rosa. It may have another meaning —the man who is married under an umbrella is prepared for squalls. THE Prisons Hill aud the Trustees Bill passed together through tho Queensland Parliament in half-an-hour of last week. The juxtaposition of the measures points a moral which many a man should ponder on while pulling on his boots in the mornings and laying his trousers on the back of the chair at night. A GIRL burnt to death in Sydney is referred to in aD evening paper as " the poor unfortunate." That reminds us. In a panic in a Brisbane theatre the gentlemen made a straight rush for the doors, whereupon the only Cornier complained of the lack of chivalry shown to the "abandoned women aud girls.". His article opened with, " It is our duty to show British magnanimity," and it ended with, "The heritage of ancestral English spirit is a treasure we cannot too highly prize.' Then he spoke softly to the editor, and the editor calling through the tube to the accouutint said, " Pay Mr. Terence O'Toole o e pound ou account for article on ' Australian National Sentiment,' " THE bells to be hung in the new Post Office tower are to be rendered as deadly as possible. A deputation waited on the Postmaster-General the other day, and ascertained that the said belU were to be I ung both by machinery and by hand. We would like to know now if there is any provision made for wringing the ringers'necks by machinery. We see that a local firm is advertising "mangles aud wringere" very cheap, and hope some arrange ment will be made to mitigate the difficulty of wringing a man's neck by hand. THIS paragraph is from a Melbourne daily of the 1st of July :—" Gloves with thirty-two buttons are now worn in Paris for full dress, those with eighteen being considered only fit for demi-toilet." I his will give the colonial youth a very good idea of the pitch to which civilisation lies reached in France. Id a really civilised land to-day even thirty-two button gloves are considered a rather abbreviate! costume, and a person confined to eighteen button kids would not be admitted to any society barring that to be found within the lockup. THE horse-reporter took an innings at the editor's desk, and the suburban print appeared next morning with a quarter-column of "tips" on the various civil aud criminal cases that happened to be sub jvdice.. Thus, Smith v Brown, libel :— " L : bel atrocious, damages to the full amount must he granted." Jones v. Johnson, sUnder:—"No slander; Jones is a liar and profligate, and (tye country Bhould know it; the case must be dismissed with costs against plaintiff." Tho Queen t\ Thompson, murder:—"One of the most coldblooded crimes of the epoch ; Thompson is a fiend in human shape, who with brutal deliberation Jogged his victim to the gory end. The case may last five or six days yet, for the old rigmarole about the weakness of circumstantial evidence will be played ; all the same, however, the jury have no alternative but to Bend the blood-stained ruffian to the gallows," AN Age " wanted *' a d m t i ^ ^ rriliE SETTER at new mii. „, ~ ] J off \- street Barracks, City. i MB, lHu^J Wanted, we suppose, to menj . , m i heads broken by^the police „ f constabulary "tiles" loosened hither way, it does not sav mnXi „ 'wit condition of the " marvellous " cit/° THE proposal to erect a statue to < a good one. We welcome it not.L ,•- to the colony by the posseseio ° f Ch the Divine William/but ioUt paperB will now print so much aL,t cf , 4 that the Tallowfats will henceforth S i W. S. was neither a military commander. The Press is 5 a *L?' * medium for those whose youth ™ acquiring money,not knowledge \v! fore authorised to deny the stn™ , , -s idea of the statue was mootT interview Shakespeare. WOMAN'S- rights must be looming io llt. future, since woman's fmUs V . tB J p-evalent in this g W i o ^ V o ^ y country A few days back/two sw« 1 things of the gentler sex, tlri™cd „ precedent fought to a finish at O berry rules being strictly obierved, combatants we e surrounded by a 1,7 enthusiastic concourse of spectators Fair womiin now begins to loom, Her lords have run thei- span And as the Prize Ring's brightest^, 8 Big Meg or Slogger Fan Will shine alone, for worn in grim Is now E match for DIEID. SPEAKING at the eighteenth annivcmrvJ \ M.C.A., at Melbourne Town Hall Ljl speaker re Aust-alia's future:-" There , forming in this continent a nation thai MJ| very potent not only in the Southern Seis iTI t £?J, , « ttrt of China," &c.; These arc the tj childlike statements that cause us to onaehonfl remaining old fangs, and to pluck out by tie our ccanty grey locks. Such imbecile Hit, are a wilful, deliberate and diabolical n!mJ of the true facts of the case. The nation dill do all these big things is already formedinCif and will vciy sopn be potent in the hart] Australia. Then why not acknowledge tbi d and enterprise of the " chows J" Givethc jH their dues. CONFESSION OF A I'oo- IF you give me your attention, I'll tell vmirH play; 1 I'm a thorough rough f lotballer on every Sitai liach little fault of umpire, especially if hegiii A inaik against the side I'm on, 1 never villi fi've. , f Now, all the little players small I bUctai their eyes ; ' I've little plans to trip aud rabbit those sboi) size; • I hit them or I kick them ; 1 hurt all those 14 And all my staunch supporters say aliraj! 'J the mm." I am sure I'm patriotic; when against lhtm kick, I boot the ball straight out of bounds, ashirJj cau lick And when I cannot mark a hall, I always ion h'gh, ' ' 'lo fall upon the man I watch, and kick him iiJ eye. . I liach time tic umpire turns his hack 1 piisll from behind, And, even should I break their necks, I'M would not mind. , I'm an irritable fellow, I will give you fiveto 1 You never hear worse language than whenm! not (juite won. J I hit men or I kick men, I hurt all thoielall And all my staunch supporters say I alsrsyi"* the man." 