CRACKED CHESNUTS. "A single tax," sniffed Miss Oldboy contemptuously. "Well, the worst harm I wish Mr. George is that his wife may have twins every time." * * * Man is never satisfied. " I was complaining this morning of an -absence of moisture," said the election tout as he picked himself out of the horse-trough on North Terrace. "And now—well, now I'm a •candidate for the clothesline." The Sydney people are blowing that they have the most expensive organ in the world. It cost ^15,000. Quiz, however, knows an organ in Adelaide that will cost more than that before the proprietors .are through with it. Can't you guess ? " Well, my good man," said the kind-hearted farmer, " I will give you jQi a week, and find yourself." " Alas !" replied the mendicant, " I cannot accept the situation." " Why not ? Is not the salary large enough ?" " It's not that, sir," returned the poor fellow, sobbing; " but I've been a detective in Adelaide, and I could never find anything." It was a Board meeting in the days when every inch of ground .about the Barrier was taken up and a Company formed to extract the mythical hidden wealth. The Directors present were Messrs. W. B. Rounsevell and W. M. Green, and the business was to appoint a manager. Presently the third member, Mr. W. A. Horn, walked in a little late. His colleagues explained that there was one applicant whom they recommended. "What are his qualifications ?" asked William. They didn't'know, but, said Mr. Green, "He is Mr. Rounsevell's brother-in-law." "Is there any further objection to the candidate?" remarked William, in a quiet kind of way, and then there was dead silence. ^ *"* Some years ago, when Commissioner of Audit Cooke wrote M.P. after his name, he went on a Parliamentary trip to Port Lincoln. While .at that place one of his constituents announced his intention to present him with a few bags of oysters, and Ebenezer was delighted. The bivalves were sent on board and the steamer started. A practical joker who heard of the gift determined to profit by it, so he invited all and sundry, including the Cooke, to come and share with him the succulent delicacies. Ebenezer, imagining that this was a further supply, was nothing loth, and for two days he smacked his lips and lived on oysters. But when Port Adelaide was reached be looked for the presentment of his constituent's generosity. Alas! but empty shells remained. For 48 hours his oysters had furnished the whole ship's company with nutriment! * * * George McCulloch, one of the original proprietors of the Broken Hill Mine, and still a large shareholder, after whom McCulloch's Shaft was named, was and is the lessee of the Mount Gipps Run, on which the wonderful mine is situated. A week or two ago Mac. drove in from the station to Broken Hill, and left his horse and buggy outside one of the hotels in charge of a teamster. After an absence ot some duration he came and handed the man a common shilling! The recipient held it in his hand and remarked—" 1 say, hang it! Can't you do better than that? If I have a drink there will be nothing left." Mac. thought the matter over seriously for a few seconds and then said—"Well, here's another bob, and you can shout for the two of us." There is an account from Mac. preserved in a neighbouring station in which this item appears:—"To one postage stamp on this letter, *4d.!" It is safe to say that this millionaire doesn't intend to die poor. * * •* Phil May, the clever artist lately on the Bulletin, always drew " Things we see without our gun " from life. One day he spotted a promising " subject" and followed him up George Street, waiting for a favorable opportunity to get a sketch. But it never came. The * subject" kept his back most rigorously towards the artist, and May <rave up the job disgusted. The man, however, haunted him, and day after day he pursued him, hoping some time to get his revenge, but all in vain. If the "thing" stopped May stopped ; if the "thing " moved, Mav moved also. There was no chance, however, of obtaining a drawing, and so having chased his victim half over Sydney, Phil con cluded to give it best. The next morning after this resolution had been passed Phil walked into the Bulletin Office, and there, sitting in his chair, found the man he had been hunting. " Look here, May," said this individual, " you've been ghosting me for days and days, and I can't stand it any longer. Here I am. Take my portrait and then leave me aldne and be to you." May was so astonished that Sydney missed at least one " thing " he had seen when he he was minus his gun. 