MELBOURNE GOSSIP. ? [PROM OtJB COnBEBPOSEF.NT.l Fur all that it ia porhapa oa noil not to bo over Runguioo just yet. There is still a con riderablo quantity of tho old loavon loft in the now gathering, and no nno knows oxaotly when and whoro it will show itsolf. All we can do is to hopo for tho boat. It should bo tho aim of every mombor to mako the Assombly of which he forms a part reapeotablo and rospeoted. That objoot can only bo attained whon every member learns to rospoot himself, and, having learnt that, ho will havo loarnt to rospoot hia fellow nembors. It oannot be a source of pride, one 'would think, to be ono of a body from whioh aome of our beBt men hold aloof — whioh week after week has been the subject of ridioule in the columns of the so-called society periodicals —and whioh has so frequently boon gravely re buked by all the leading organs of publio opinion. A ohange has now been made in the Tight dirootion, and it is to be hoped that every member, whether ho represents town or oountry, will see the necessity of using his best eu deavours to raise the tono of the House until it has roaohed the standard to whioh it is desirable it should attain. Before thoso linos uro read, however, a test will havo boon appliod which will try the mettle of tho Houso. The new rules of procedure will miso a -discussion whonovor they are brought forward^ ' They are drastio' and sweeping in character, but not more so than experience has shown to be necessary; and orderly members ought to no moro resent their introduction than orderly and law-abiding oitizens resent the ap pearance of policomen in the streets. Both are uccossary to the well- being of sooioty. After having failed to secure a suitable Attorney-Genoral from' the ranks of the Publio Sorvico, tho Qovornment have at lost thrown the post open to competition among outsiders. Tho duties of the office require a. sound and extensive knowledge of legal affairs in the person who holds it; still it is a rather signifi cant fact that only nine men have applied for the situation. The immediate salary is £900, with a, prospective increase to £1000. It there foro follows that men of the right stamp can mako mote money at the Bar, and there is small blame to them if they prefer to keep their private practice. As a matter of fact, the sum offered is looked upon as a mere pittance by qualified men, and is certainly not equal to tho emoluments of some other of our publio offices which require a lose amount of ability to manage them. I could mention a colony with a third of the oonulation, and less than one eighth the revenue, of Tiotoria, in whioh the officer holding the position corresponding to that of our Attorney-Qenoral, receives £1290 a year, with a revoraionory. interest in the Chiof Judge ship, and is assisted by a Deputy at £1000, a Crown Attorney at £700, and Grown Solicitor at £600— the. two first- named officora having seaisin the Legislative Council. The oonse qnonco is that the boat men at the Bar go in for the higher posts referred to. The opposition suoh as it was managed to spring a surprise upon the Government — and the publio the very day Parliament was opened. They positively refused to raise a debate upon the address. They were probably aware that we had enough of that .sort of thing Jast year to suffice for the next five sessions. Whatever their motive may have been,, however, -the . publio are infinitely obliged to them, 'and will mark that evidence of their good sense on the credit side of their account in the publio ledger. The- address was moved by Mr. Peacock, a young Australian native, and' his first' perfor mance did him credit. His style is rather monotonous— a fault that wearies during a long speech, and, moreover, a fault that ideas, how ever good they may be, do not always redeem. He should practice the art of publio speaking a little more. Tho seconder of the address, Mr. foster, of Gippsland, also spoke very well. He is frank also, and told the Government that it his single vote could turn them out on the Stock Tax, ho would give that vote. But that, as the tax had not a ghost of a chance at present, he would help them in carrying out their general polioy. Tho rumour grows that, as soon as oppor tunity offers, the Cabinet intond to bring in a bill for the creation of another Ministerial port folio. This moaBure has beeu foreshadowed somo timer' But tho question to be considered is, what is the country to gain by it P la there any real need for a new post? I think not. Neither do Ministers really think so. The only necessity that exists for the oreation of a new office is that it will form a convenient peg upon which to hang a fat salary. That feat accom plished by a species of political jugglery, the introduction into the Cabinet of some needy supporter of the Government follows, as a ? mattor of course. The only question is, who is to bo the guilty— I beg his pardon ; the fortu ' nate party ? Does anybody ever reflect that the Victorian Houso of Assembly— tho payment of .-.its membors, I.inean— oosts (he. colony nearly £30,000 a year? , And it they are alive to that trifling. ciroumatance, will they state whether they consider the legislative work got through last year is worth thirty thousand peuoe ? . -Xi/e has this week a good political cartoon. Scene; a taproom : Deakin standing behind the . bar-counter, watching Duncan Gillies stripped, . shirt-sleevos turned up above tho elbows, turn ' ing Nimmo out of doors. A huge bull-dog with 'Albert Park' engraved upon the collar, has seized Duncan by the seat of his trousers. A slate hangs upon the wall, upon which count less 'drinks' are scored under the respective names of Lorimer and Dow. These two gentle meu are leaning against tho counter. Says I-orimor, pointing to the slate with his thumb, ' I say, Dow, old fellow, that slate's pretty full. I should'nt wonder if it be our turn noxt.' 