A TRIP ON THE MURRAY RIVER—II. WRITTEN FOR "THE ADVERTISER" BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. It was broiling hot when the steamer touched at Mildura, and we made, for the time being, an end of our journey. Mil- dura, as most Australian people know by this time, is the scene of one of the most interesting experiments of modern times, though the scheme involved is passing rapidly out of the experimental stage into the region of accomplished fact. In a few years' time the district will be the garden of the world, though but yesterday, so to say, it was nothing but a barren and scarcely accessible desert. The dense mallee scrub, as yet unconquered, lies all about the settlement still, but such wonders of progress have already been made that, after a week's investigation of the district, one is tempted to entertain hopes which would have seemed extravagant before- hand. A busy colony, as the clang of metal on metal from the engineering workshops on the wharf testifies immediately to the ear of the new arrival. A colony of sturdy sun-browned folks, busy, pros- perous, assured, and hopeful-looking. The offices of the local journal, hastily runup in corrugated iron, stand on the improvised wharf, and hold an atmos- phere as I presently discover like that of a half-cooled oven. The weather out of doors is fiery, but the heat has something exhilarating in it, so that your spirits, as well as the mercury in the thermometer, grow expansive. I set out almost imme- diately in the society of the editor of the Mildura newspaper to have a first general look at things, and embarked in one of the crankest landcraft, so I am dis- posed to fancy, that ever ran on wheels. It was strong enough for anything, and safe enough for any kind of travel possible to a wheeled vehicle, but I never ex- perienced anything like its motion, and I fervently trust that I never may again. Some of the roads are at present in a rather rudimentary state, and the trap or buggy, or whatever it deserved to be called, was so hung on springs as to allow of its pitching with the utmost freedom in every conceivable direction. It was like being in a miniature storm at sea. Agreeable and even exhilarating possibly for those who like it, but mightily discom- posing to the uninitiated. I told my con- ductor when the journey was over that many parts of my body had grown so tender in the course of it that they might have been eaten with a spoon. Through the vast property which has been made over by the Victorian Govern- ment to the irrigation colony an avenue 45 miles in length has been driven. This avenue is of an ample and, indeed, noble width, and will by and by boast four separate lines of trees, which will afford complete arches of shade to either side of it. It is a curious thing that even here, where all interests in public works might be supposed to be identical, the cheerful larrikin has been found to amuse himself by uprooting the young plants or destroy- ing the fences by which they are pro- tected. In the main, one would say, the population of such a place should be as orderly and law abiding as any in the world. On each side of the avenue for considerable distances the forest land has been entirely cleared. The rich chocolate loam has been subjected to the last pro- cess which makes it fit for cultivation. Great areas are already under fruit and vine, and the irrigation system is already so far complete that nearly 400 square miles of country is already blessed with a permanent, sufficient, and well regulated water supply. At first sight the country looks flat, but it possesses enough variety of surface to afford the irrigating engineer the different levels necessary for his purpose. All the slightly marked ridges of the land have been taken advan- tage of, and thus the construction of ele- vated canals with their costly embank- ments has been avoided. My conductor, an absolute enthusiast with respect to the capacities of the district, showed me some amazing instances of the rapidity of growth in this rich soil. Vines have begun to bear in their second year. Shoots of fruit trees planted at the end of September stand already from 2 to 3 feet high. The virgin soil, 30 feet deep, asks nothing but water in this subtropic climate to become fit to grow almost any- thing. The lands already planted have been laid out by the help of the theodolite, and the growing trees stand in perfect parallelograms, so that the cultured spaces have a prim and orderly look, in curious contrast with the yet unbroken wilds which stand so near. If you want to know what aspect the site of these wide orchards wore four years ago you have only to make a journey of an hour. You will find yourself in the midst of a dense mallee scrub interspersed with the wait-a-while and carpeted with mallee grasses and the spiteful spinifex. One marvels at the hope which pushed men on originally into a desert so inhos- pitable and so difficult of access. I cannot help thinking that I find a most excellent patient courage and good humor in the name bestowed upon that execrable plant, the wait-a-while. If it had been left to me to christen it I am certain that I should have striven to find for it something worthy of its diabolic attributes. The needle tree, which is the frequent com- panion of the wait-a- while, is a mild creature by comparison with it. Nature is not content with inhospitality in these regions. She is spitefully pointed and on edge against intrusion. If she has any small benefactions to bestow upon the traveller she hides it carefully. The only blessing hereabouts is the water in the roots of the mallee trees, which has saved the life of many an adventurer, though many another has perished of thirst with his dying head within a yard of the strangely-hidden vivifying sources. On the second day of my visit to Mil- dura the thermometer registered 106 deg. in the shade. What it registered in the sunlight I did not attempt to discover, but lay for the greater part of the flaming day in my pyjamas, in the society of an astounding old book on Australia pub- lished In London in the year 1856, and written for the express purpose of deter- ring all men from buying land anywhere in the Southern Hemisphere. A man, it appeared, might trade profitably in Syd- ney, or even in Melbourne, but the idea of buying land in either place was mere midsummer madness, a thing by all sane men to be discouraged. The author of this surprising volume is something of a fossil by this time, if he be still alive, but if he does still linger anywhere it will be interesting to know what he thinks of his own vaticinations. My host at the stationhouse assured me that the extreme heat of that day would not last long. His report of the climate at Mildura is that it "boils over" and that having reached its boiling point it sub- sides immediately, and becomes again as enjoyable and exhilarating as I first found it. Happily the boiling over process oc- curred that afternoon, and next day the weather was ideal. My host and I started in company to look at the beginning of the work of clearing, some six or seven miles away, travelling in a solid but light built buggy that went steady as a rock over the rough bush track—a very differ- ent vehicular contrivance from that of the day before yesterday. The accomplished Australian bushman is certainly a wonder- ful whip, and the way in which we threaded in and out amongst the trees, turning a score of corners in as many lengths of team and vehicle, would have been an astonishment to many a town driver who believes tha the can "tool any- thing anywhere." The one plague of the mallee scrub in early summer, the plague par excellence, is the bush fly, who swarms in countless hordes, which until one grows accustomed to them, make life a desolation and a curse. We had been haunted by teasing myriads until we had made half a dozen miles or so, when they began to leave us. A certain acrid odor of smoke in the air accounted for their departure. As we bowled along this odor became more and more strongly percep- tible, until at last we emerged upon an open glade a mile or more in length, where the trees had all been felled and where the logs and roots were slowly smoulder ing in scores of thousands of piles. Every here and there as we drove, a ring of spinifex would catch fire at one of these smouldering heaps, and would shoot up an extraordinary fierce and sudden flame. The desolation of the forest itself was nothing to that of this narrow tract in the midst of it, scarred with axe and fire, and made hideous by the first of that series of transformations which leaves it in the end the smiling fruitful home of man. Away at the far end of the smoking ridge a stump extractor was at work, and we stood a while to watch it. There were no big growths here, and the engine met no foemen worthy of its steel wire trac- tion rope. The rope, which has a breaking strain of I forget how many hundred tons, was looped under any projecting knob in a tree stump, the word was passed, the sturdily anchored engine clanked for a second or two, and before the steel wire seemed fairly taut the stump and its roots came out without even a pretence of reluctance. I had hoped to see a real tussle between man and nature, between the dead force of inertia and that steam-breathing thing of steel. But the man-built monster was only toying with his work that day, and did nothing that a hundred men might not have done by a united effort. It seemed something of a pity to think of the countless thousands of tons of excel- lent firewood that had been and would be burnt to waste in the clearing of the land; but as things exist at present the cost of transport is so infinitely above the value of the timber that there is nothing for it but to make the sacrifice. The next step in the clearing of the land is to pass the scarifier over it, a process which clears it of every rooted weed and leaves it absolutely bare of life. Then comes the plough, and the country is fit for culture. It looks all simple and easy enough on paper, and is indeed performed with an astonishing rapidity. But I have seen in my travels no more inspiring and truly majestic spectacle than this of the subjugation of waste nature to the needs of man. He is quite an old fashioned philosopher by this time who said that the man who caused two blades of grass to grow where only one had grown before was a benefactor of his kind. What of the sturdy thinkers and workers who, in the space of a mere year or two, have changed great tracts of worthless desert into fruitful gardens? It delights me more than anything else in the world to think that the old British blood tells here as it has told everywhere. The originators of this scheme are Cana- dians born, offshoots of the mother country in another clime. Somebody was quoting to me the other day those beau- tiful verses of Wendell Holmes, which breathe the true spirit of the great hearted and large- minded American to- wards the home country:— His home? the western giant smiles, And twirls the spotty globe to find it; "This little speck the British Isles? 'Tis but a freckle, never mind it." He laughs, and all his prairies roll, Each gurgling cataract roars and chuckles, And ridges stretched from pole to pole, Heave till they,crack their iron knuckles. But Memory blushes at the sneer, And Honor turns with frown defiant; And Freedom, leaning on her spear, Laughs louder than the laughing giant, "An islet is a world,'' she said, "When glory with its dust has blended, And Britain keeps her noble dead Till earth and seas and skies are rended!" Beneath each swinging forest bough, Some arm as stout, in death reposes— From wave-washed foot to heaven-kissed brow Her valor's life blood runs in roses; Nay, let our brothers of the West Write smiling on their florid pages One-half her soil has walked the rest In poets, heroes, martyrs, sages! Hugged in the clinging billow's clasp, From seaweed fringe to mountain heather, The British oak with rooted grasp Her slender handful holds together: With cliffs of white and bowers of green, And Ocean narrowing to caress her, And hills and threaded streams between Our little mother isle, God bless her! I had not thought the citation would prove so long when I first recalled it, but the sentiment expressed so amply fits and fills my own perhaps too chauvinistic British sense that I could not resist the temptation to find a place for it. There is a noble "billabong" in the near neighborhood of the settlement which when locked at either end will hold supplies of water for the whole of a dry season without trenching on those of the Murray at all. This magnificent lagoon is 11 miles in length, and when I saw it had most of the beautiful characteristics of the main stream which feeds it. Its tree-fringed marge is haunted by all the multitudinous bird life of which I have already spoken, and for many and many a year to come should afford the best of fields for sport. A monster pumping apparatus stands on its shores, the de- livery pipes of which are 4 feet wide, so that when they are half full there would be room for a man to swim in them quite easily. There is another of equal power at a place called Psyche's Bend, and yet another of about half the size at Nicholl's Point. There was some talk in England in engi- neering circles whilst the pumps were being constructed out there which pointed to their probable failure, and I am told that the constructor, when the criticisms reached his ears, went mighty solemn and quiet for a time, but having figured every thing over, ab initio, resumed a perfect tranquillity, his verdict being, "They've got to work, and they will work." In effect, upon experiment, they did work, and criticism on the most scientific lines went for nothing, as has happened in the like case before to-day. The blackfellow was pretty thick about here not so very long ago, and found it no doubt a happy hunting ground. One of my companions told me of one of the aboriginals' methods of securing game which has a certain savage ingenuity which seems worth citing. The first step was to construct a net of bark fibre and sus- pend it from tree to tree across a portion of the waters of the billabong, weight- ing it so that it sunk a foot or two, allow- ing some 8 feet or 10 feet to rise above the surface. One of the hunting party would stay by this, whilst the rest set out, and reaching opposite sides of the lagoon by a wide detour, turned back again, scaring the wild fowl by all the devices they could think of. By-and-bye the watcher hidden near the net would see a screaming cohort scudding above the water, and at the proper moment would let out an imitation of the cry of the eagle- hawk, at the same instant whirling a sheet of bark into the air to personate the bird. The ducks, not having time to investigate the matter, would instantly swoop for a dive, and coming in contact with the net would be caught, sometimes by the hundred. Then would the triumphant blackfellow make for himself a feast, and would no doubt brag in his own simple mind about this triumph of civilised human craft over the foolish brute creation. The citizens of such a place as Mildura are bound to be interesting people. One might safely say of them, without having even seen them, that they are certain to be hardy, adventurous and handy. I had the pleasure of an introduction to one gentleman—a justice of the peace, by the way—who had with his own hands built the handsome and comfortable house he lived in. I passed an agreeable half hour with him in his own residence, and could only marvel at the skill, solidity, and forethought with which it had been con- structed. The prospering garden and the solidly-built little villa made together as homelike a place as one would wish to live in, and the interior of the house was filled with all those evidences of refine- ment in the midst of which an English gentleman would naturally desire to live. My jolly hospitable host would have it that before I went back into an older form of civilisation I must have a night and a day in the bush, and I being nothing loth (though to tell the truth I have had camp- ing out enough in my time, and had thought the day for such adventures over), a party of gay fellows was got up, and out we started in a buggy and a four-in-hand. Whenever a man knows perfectly well how to do a thing it looks simple to him, but I found the drive through the trackless bush conducted with unerring precision to a given point a little surprising. I ex- pressed the surprise, and was good naturedly smiled at for my pains. But for all that I do solemnly declare that to me one part of the road looked so abso- lately like another that the wonder how we found a way remains a wonder and always will. Mildura, by theway, is a temperance colony, but I tell this in the strictest confidence—the stranger was never allowed to go thirsty for want of an excellent lager beer, cunningly cooled in canvas water bags, or an equally excellent glass of whisky and soda, or a still more excellent champagne in pints, gone almost still with age. Age takes the friskiness and sparkle out of most things, but sometimes leaves the better qualities behind. It was not thought advisable to make the trip more Spartan than was actually necessary, and we carried a touch or two of Capuan manners in the bush with us. The commissariat was liberally re- membered, and certain darkish bottles, on each of which, to the best of my remem- brance, there was a label in which some- thing called a "blend" was lauded, were stowed away in the bowels of the dray. When Phil Robinson went home from Australia he told a story to which I am sorry to say nobody attached the slightest credence. He said that he was sleeping in some little wooden built township in a district in Australia which was infested with rabbits, and that in the night there there came what he called a "rabbit wave." It was a mile or two wide, and Heaven knows how many miles long, and some half score of feet in height. It came along with a force so irresistible that it carried away the township. Mr. Robin- son, I believe, was the sole survivor of this strange calamity—so that there was nobody left to contradict him—and he only escaped by the lucky accident that the "wave" broke on a sandy plain and so let him down gently, with nothing worse than a few bruises and a somewhat shattered nerve. Now I don't profess to believe that curious narrative even yet, but I admit a kind of fanciful foundation for it. If the rabbits I saw in the two days of that ex- cursion had known how to combine they might have carried away anything—even Phil Robinson when he was weighed with the sense of responsibility which ought to have rested upon the author of that surprising concep- tion which I have just quoted. How they swarmed! those rabbits! And what a battue we might have had with the half- dozen guns we carried if we had a score of beaters. As it was I grew shoulder sore and had a gun headache, which as everybody knows is one of the least agree- able ailments of its species. Our youthful sportsmen did not even ask to have the buggy or the drag brought to a standstill, but peppered the poor bunnies right and left as we rolled along, and made very good practice too. Now I began more fully to understand the reason why every allotment in the Mildura colony is bound in by a wire fence, which is sunk to some con- siderable distance into the ground. Now, too, I began to see the necessity for the advertisement which week by week finds its way into the columns of the local journal, running thus:—"All persons travelling through the Mildura properties are requested to close the gates in the vermin-proof fences through which they pass. A heavy penalty is imposed by the Act for neglect to close such gates, and any person found so offending after this date in connection with the Mildura fences will be prosecuted as far as the law will allow." No wonder. The rabbits would leave but a poor chance for the settlers if they could have their way. Our party did yeoman's service against the plague, for we left a good twelvescore of the enemy dead upon the field, but this was only like a drop out of a pond. We reached our destination as the night was coming down, and chose our camping place in the centre of a natural clearing, not far from the river, and in the midst of a clump of mallee trees. A handful of grass, an armful of dry twigs, the sputter of a match, and there was the beginning of our camp fire. Then there was a rending of dead branches from the trees, and in almost as little time as it takes to write the words the flames built up a wall of half- transparent dusk about us, making the night seem darker by contrast with their own glancing brightness. One made an excursion to the stream, and came back with a billy full of water, which being set upon the fire began soon to bubble with a cheerful and suggestive murmur. We picnicked in the growing darkness, and as I munched my provender I thought of many and many a similar yet different scene in the old world. Poor Archie MacNeill, true friend and honest man, and brilliant workman, basely murdered two years ago in Boulogne harbor, came back to me like a ghost when I thought of our almost boyish encampments in Sutton Woods in the old country. And many a good chum's face peered over my shoulder as I called to mind the scores of nights spent by the camp fire in summer's heat and winter's cold on the Roumellan plains or on the Balkan's heights, where the tired soldiery slept whilst we spun our yarns, or the dogs howled in some distant city of the dead lately ravaged by the Tchircosse and the Zeibeck. Nights of merriment, when the song went round and the coarse rum was purified by fire in the tin pannikin, and campaigning was the most glorious lark in the world. Nights of silence, and cold, and hunger, when the drifted snow was deep and the warmest of bear- skins was a meagre shelter. Nights when the big guns boomed for hours and hours in the dark, and the arc of light made by the time fuses at the Schipka Pass, seemed to the eye to travel slowly, slowly, slowly over a foot or two of mid- night blackness—whilst in reality they rushed furiously for a mile. Many times come back to me. Many faces and voices of old times that 1 shall see and hear no more. "Where are ye, old companions trusty?" Some are married, some are dead, All are scattered now and fled. Ah, me! But what has this to do with a trip up the Murray River? Out with the black bottle, mine good host, and let us test the blend its label brags of. A generous liquid. Let us have a merry hour. We had a merry hour, and more than one. There was a violinist amongst us who had brought his tools with him, and made no despicable music for us. And we waked the echoes of the solitude with a good many choruses, and I myself—the present narrator (let it not be thought I boast)—came out of my customary pon- derous solemnity, and told a funny story, which convulsed (absolutely convulsed) one member of our party—a most discern- ing youth, whom I shall always remember with gratitude. When the merriment was all over we turned in with our rugs and blankets, and slept until 4.30 in the morn- ing, at which unearthly hour we were awakened by our chieftain, and so betook ourselves to rabbit slaughter again until it was time for luncheon, after which we drove homewards. We sighted a little group of emus, but they took to their long legs before we could get a near view of them, not having been instructed probably with respect to the protection the laws of the land afford them. The colony of Victorla is certainly to be congratulated on its treatment of the irrigation scheme. A similar plan, started by the same projectors, and enjoying all the same natural advantages, has been opened at Renmark, but does not flourish like its sister settlement and for a per- fectly obvions reason. The South Aus- tralian Government has not only done less to foster it, but has actually allowed a threat of Government competition to be held out againat it. The result is that, whilst the colony in Victoria is thriving and growing in a most remarkable degree, that in South Australia is at present at something very like a standstill. There is little fear of its ultimate success, how- ever, for the value of the principle upon which it is founded is almost universally admitted. In California, where the same experiments have been tried, the trade in fruit with the eastern states rose from 8,000,000 lb. to 32,000,000 lb. avoirdupois in a single year. Land there which originally cost £160, on which trees were planted at a charge of £320, was cultivated at a profit for seven years and a half, was then purchased by Mr. F. L. Alles (the editor of the Califomian) for £5,000, the purchase-money including a house which had cost £1,000 to build. What California can do Australia can do, and she can do it all the more certainly because her topsy-turvy seasons send her products into the market at a time when the gardens and orchards of the rest of ihe world are bare. I had a half-formed idea of turning fruit-grower myself, and sitting down under my own vine and fig tree, but reflecting that on the whole I would rather see London and Paris again, I resigned it, and bade the pleasant place adieu. We came steaming back to Morgan through the same placid charms of river scenery of which 1 have already given so faint and vague a picture, and on the way a rousing adventure befell us, for we ran full tilt into the trading boat Queen and stove in her bows, insomuch that she had to put into the bank for the repair of damages. There was no great harm done, but one or two of the passengers of the injured craft got into a prodigious pother and flutter of excitement, and we were found in talk for an hour or two. Then at Morgan we said good-bye to the beautiful river, and ran down by rail to sunny Adelaide, and after a pleasant day or two with pleasant folk there got back to Melbourne. And so ended the history of a new chum's travels in Australia. The new chum himself sails for other climes within an hour or two of the time at which these lines will come into the readers' hands. He carries away a thousand pleasant memories, has met countless kindnesses and good services, and acknowledging them with a thankful heart, promises in all honesty never to forget them until the day comes when he can no longer remem- ber anything. 