THE GHOST OF CAMERON PASS. In the summer of 1882, W. C. Hart, the geologist^ and two other enthusiastic collectors of specimens were encamped near the lava beds between the headwaters of the Cache de la Poudre River and North Park. It was a rough, broken region, and the desolation was heightened by tile proximity of the crater ot an extinct volcano, while bare rocks and dead timber were everywhere. The hope of securing rare formations for their cabinets attracted the gentlemen to the uncanny spot, tor every one averred that Cameron Pass was haunted by the spirit of an emigrant's daughter. Joe Sbepler, a well-known mountaineer, who was piloting the party through the hills, had often seen the ghost, and promised his companions that they should view the strange apparition before returning to their homes. He said the spirit was a thief, and frequently stole food and furniture from the camps of hunters who ventured within her uninviting domain. At dinner August 12, 1882, Shepler calmly announced that the spirit of Cameron Pass was approaching, and pointed to a strange being which was swiftly moving toward the camp. The marauder came to within 500 yards of the men, aud seizing a haunch of venison which had been placed on a stone, ran off with it. ' Hart picked up his rifle and, calling cn his comrades to foIlow, 8tarted in pursuit of the thief. She —they were sure it was a woman—le 1 them a lively race directly towards the lava bedk. Being closely pressed, the hunted creature dropped the meat and sped onward to the opening of a cave. The pursuers entered the cavern on the heels of the-etrange robber, and found the warm body of a dead woman. Flight and exertion had killed her. The corpse was that of a woman about 25 years old. Her only clothing was a'rude gown, fashioned of skin. Her hair was very long, and she was sunburned aud barefooted. The remains were buried decently. An exploration of the cave disclosed the fact that it had for souie time been used as a habitation by the alleged spirit. The ground was covered with bones, and alhough there were cooking utensils about it was evident that they had never been used. The unfortunate girl had subsisted on stolen meats, roots, aud leaves. 