BREVITIES. The following interesting items are taken from our English files to hand :— The Qut-eu is spending Christmas at Osborne, accompanied by tbe Empress Frederick and her three daughters. A Christmas-tree, as usual, is placed in tbe servants' ball, and from it the Queen will band presents to the school- children aud others residing near the Royal residence. Her Majesty, who believes in exercise, has just had a gymnasium fitted upatOsborne for tbe use of her grand children. Tbe EmpreeB Frederick and her daugh ter Sophie, the future Queen of Greece, ran up from Windsor to London on Bun day and attended the Greek Church. Tbe floor was laid with scarlet carpet, and a large cross, suspended from tbe dome, was illuminated wltb crimson lamps. On Monday tbe Empress Frederick paid a visit to the Hospital for Bick Children, Great Orinond-streel. A bouquet of violets was presented to her by a little child held in tbe arinii of a uurse. Tbe Empress visited eacti ward, aud took great interest in tbe little patients, to most of whom she spoke. Tbe Prince and Princess of Wales bad a buey time before arriving at Sandriug bam for Christmas. On Thursday tbe Prince visited tbe tomb of Charles L at Windsor, and replaced in tbe vault con-: taioing tbe coffin of tbe king relics of that monarch which bad been removed during some investigations more tuan 70 years ago. Ou Saturday the Prince and Princess were presented at Marl borough House with a silver shield, tbe offering of tbe people of South Wales, in commemoration of the Royal silver wed ding. Tbe same day they visited Ealing aud opened tbe Victoria Hall, erected as a Jubilee memorial. On December 20 tbe Prince unveiled tbe new Wellington statue at Hyde Park corner. Prince Albert Victor has been created a Knight of Justice T-f tbe Order of St. Jobn of Jerusalem, and tbe Empress Frederick has also joined tbe Order, and has accepted tbe badge of a Lady of Justice. Tbe three-year-old King of Spain baa received for his Cbrlstmas present a tiny pony and carriage. Queen Natalie ieto receive a visit from her son in January at Bucharest. His stay is, however, limited to two days, and officers will be present at every meeting between mother and son. TiieWitwatersrandtgoldfieldsinftMith Africa have now an average declared out put of 21,000 oz. per month, and tbe ad jacent coal mines are very valuable. The town of Johannesburg baB been erected on what two years ago, was a waste, and contains well-built stone and brick bouses with all the resources of tbe largest towns of Cape Colony. Tbe population is esti mated at 12,000 whites, besides many natives, and as many more inhabitants of tbe scattered miuloe camps. The nlsce is 200 miles from a railway, end 600 miles from tbe sea, so that tbe difficulties that bave been overcome in building the town were enormous. Mrs. Pledge, the ex-Mayoress of Folke stone, has been presented by the inhabi tants with a diamond bracelet in recogni tion of her services amongBt tbe poor. There was a grim reminlsenee about tbe wedding of MiBB Brydon the other day In Inverness Cathedral. Her father Dr. Brydon, was tbe only individual who escaped from tbe Afghan massacre in 1642, when 26,(100 men, womeu, aud children were slaughtered in tbe Kbyber Pass. Lord CharlcB Beresford unveiled in St. Margaret's Church Westminster, a me morial-window in honour of Admiral Blake, tbe naval hero wboBe body when ejected from the Abbey, was interred iu tit. Margaret's Churchyard in 1661. Tbe Prince of Wales has resigned bis cnmmlHslon bb captain-general, and tbe Hon. Artillery Company will be dis banded because tbe corps, which has ex. Is ted in some form for 350 years, declines lo be subject to tbe same conditions as a volunteer regiment. The Duke of Westminster, who oDce gave 14,000 guineas for a racehorse, Is said to have just sold 'another to an Amerloau for 17,000 guineas. Electricity is to be generated and dis tributed In ParlB by tbe power furnished by an artesian well, which lias a dally flow of 0000 cubic metres of water. \- The phonograph wan produced »s a wltnesB in tbe Chancery Court recently. It. was used to produce the cry of tbe ' Ko-Ko-Cn' screech-owl in a trade-mark case. Another company had registered the owl with the words ' Co-Co.' A stormy petrel, driven inland by the storms, wiib picked up in an exhausted condition at Kelso. A gamekeeper wus recently atUokod by a pheasaut near Hull, tbe bird flying at tbe man Beveral times iu tbe tuoal savage inauner. The inhabitants of Bullyr.op, near Ferinoy, hnve long been terribly alarmed at the movement* of b churchyard ghost. The priest at length betook himself to the tombs and captured the apparition, whlcb turned out to be a man who passed his days in vaRraiit rain!-len, and his nights in a lonely vault, into which he hud effected mi eutrnDce, eleeplug fu bis cbaruel-hnuse on Home old sacks. A monster blnst has just taken place at a granite quarry ou the Duke of Argyll's Scotch estate. Five tons of gunpowder were deposited iu au excavated chamber, aud when fired it displaced 75,000 tons of granite. There Lbs been another nod of gold in Wales. The latest discovery is on Gam Mono tain tit Atier, a spot familiar to tourists in Nortu Wales. A baby boy with two heads lived three wieksat Wbltl.y. The two beads were set on separate necks, on one pair of shoulders. There appeared to be two separate existences, for when one head slept peacefully tbe other waB generally awake, and they took food separately. A young Jewess in London has been awarded £25 for breach of promise. It transpired tbat in the betrothal contract a clause was inserted to tbn effect that if either of them should break tbe agree ment a One of £10 should be paid by the individual. Tbe Jewish lover bad also failed to p»y the £10 expended on the bnlrotbnl feast, which cousisted of all kiuds of fruits and drinks. A wealthy uncle in Michigan recently left bis nephew, an ecceutricold bachelor, £50,000 only on condition that he should marry. The content* of the will leaking nut, tbe embarrassed man is said to he deluged with offers of marriage from ladieo. * A car on a switchback railway at Derby was overturned, eight persons receiving injury. The mishap is said to have been caused through a boy placing a piece of wood under tbe wheels. Higgins, the imitator of Baldwin, bad a narrow escape near London. His parachute fell prematurely, and he des cended rapidly with the balloon from a height of two miles withoutmucb injury. Owing to the great loss of life from fireB in London, light ladders will in future be kept for immediate use at each police station. , A burglar entered a constable's house at Watford, having miscalculated the time of that officer's return home, end was captured. A wi.inau who landed at Queeuetown was found to (j»ve 50 rounds of ammuni tion concealed in her dress- improve. A dniucMiC servant at Torquay has beeu sent to u r^foramtory for sending disgusting letters to a minister and otbers, purport i tig to come from the Whitechapel murderer. Tbe young man who murdered and mutilated his sweetheart at Blrtley has been executed. The two youths who confessed to a Salvation Army captain that they mur dered a m an at TuuUidge Wells bave been sentenced lo death. An epidemic of bueband-poisoning has I'Rain broke iu Sluvonia. A score of women have been arrested, cbarged with poiooning their owe husbands, or, by arrangement, those of others. Tbe women io this region are treated by their husbauds more cruelly than slaveB. A supposed German spy has been captured near Paris. He bad taken a chalet, hla supposed wife turning out to be a young cadet in woman's dress. The couple frequently wandered about among the lortilloatiotip, the supposed wife wheeling a pel ambulator, in which lay a sleeping baby, whiub, in reality, was a doll. Mr. Tlirrrnns Niukerfon, of Boston (U. 6. A.) has amazed railway capitalists by paying lo the Mexican Central Kail ronil shareholders, without auy legal claim on their part, £125,000, which be considered as the portion which he hud received of a sum wrongfully wrung from them by the original projectors, of whom be was one. An American millionaire has given ,£2,400,000 for the foundation of a borne end industrial sobool for boys in Phila delphia. . \ ? .;,. ' A centenarian jb living at Pontypool who foogbt Umler'Sir John Moore, amj witnesie'd'tbe retreat of the British army before Gorunna, in 1809. He also served under Wellington. At Mertbyt Tydyil & man sued his wife id the Couury Court for the worth of a £50 deposits note, which he had placed in ft Bible for security. Judgment was given against tbe wife. Tbe. week's obituary includes :.— Priuce Alexander of Hesse, father of the hus band of Princess Beatrice; Prince Eugene, of CarignaD, Savoy ; Mr. Lawrence Peel, tbe last surviving brother of the states man ; Mr. George Routledge, late bead of the publishing firm ; Colonel Llddell, ranger of Windsor Park, wbo was visited during bis illness by the Queen nnd Princess Christian ; Mr. Richard Red grave, an eminent artist wbo was ap -ointed by the Queen 'surveyor of Crown pictures ; Sir William Pearce, M.P. for Govan. 