BRITISH & FOREIGN. anglo.coloniai gossip. {From our own Correspondent! London. November 8. A new British Broken Hill is about to be offered to the pnblic. The capital will be £155,000 in £1 shares, of which the vendor receives £120.000. £100.000 in shares and £20,000 in cash. Lord Deerhurst, who was recently in Australia, has just gone on the Stock Ex change. He is at present busily engaged in raising money on reversions, &c..; for the purpose of procuring capital. Lord Deerhurst (a good old sporting name) is, as you know, the son of Lord Coventry, the Master of the Buckhounds. It is a custom of the German Admiralty to get ships to throw out " bottle posts" in order that some knowledge may be gained of ocean currents. These " bottle posts" when thrown overboard are all addressed to the German Nautical Observatory at Hamburg, whioh publishes them from time to time. One of the recent publica tions contains the following:—" A bottle postcard was thrown overboard by the German Barque Luna, bound from Ham burg to Melbourne, on the 3rd of November, 1887, in 45° 5' S. and 72° 10' E., and was found on the 26th December,. 1888, on the west coast of the Northern Island of New Zealand, a nautical mile (1,855 metres) north of the mouth of the River Manawatu, in 40° 26' 8. and 175°" 14' E. The bottle probably travelled as far as the meridian of the south point of Tasmania, about east one-eighth north, and from there 1,275 nautical miles east to north, i.e., 4,450 nautical miles in 418 days." Christopher Crayon writes in this week's Christian World that if South Aus tralia is ever to become very rich, the fruit trade will be a great factor in her wealth. He describes a visit to Bankside, and account" Mr. Hardy to be a fine specimen of a horticulturist. He also speaks of a visit to Sir Samuel Daven port. The British Australasian says :■—Tem pora mutantur. Fifty-two years Bgo, when the South Australian Register was Btarted in Adelaide, the compositors' worked by the light of 'dips,' and pota toes sometimes served them for candle sticks. Nearly thirty years ago the pro prietors commenced to manufacture their own gas, and—ever in the van of pro gress—they have now lighted their offices by electricity." Mr. Splcer returns to Adelaide- by the Victoria, leaving London on November 15. Attention is still being drawn m the London papers to Lord Kintore and " my people." Mr. Labouohere in Truth- says— I see it is stated that Lord Kintore, having spoken of the inhabitants of South. Australia bb "my people," has been rebuked for the indiscretion in an< autograph letter from the Queen, the latter part at least of which story is pure fiction, as her Majesty is not in the habit of communicating directly with colonial governors, either to censure them or to praise them. Lord Kintore, however, was not more extravagant in his ideas than Sir Arthur Gordon, who,, during one of his governorships, formally ordered the Chaplain to pray for "thy servant,. Arthur !" London, November 15. Mr. Ranch, the Manager of the South' Australian "vine exhibits at the Paris Fxhibition, was some little time back made a member of the- Academic Nationale, and after the Exhibition Jury bad gone through the South Australian wines he sent some of the surplus samples to the Acaddmie. The result has been most gratifying, as MeBgrs. Hardy & Sons,. Limited, H. &E.; Crosier, E.B. Voungand Co., G. F. Cleland & Co., Penfold & Co,,. Dunstan & Co., and Mr. J. H. Poureur have been awarded a gold medal collec tively. The Auldana Vineyard proprie tors have also been awarded a gold- medal speoially for themselves, as their wines were entered by themselves and not collectively with the others. The Aca ddmie Nationale is an important body, and was founded in the year 1830. Professor Pepper, not his ghost, has re appeared in London after a ten years'' absence in Australia. Mr. Quintin Hogg, presided over Professor Pepper's enter tainment, which consisted chiefly of a. lecture. The Professor said that when In Australia he had chiefly resided at Bris bane. His neighbours, he said, would frequently send in, asking him to let them, have half a dozen trees, which he gave with as little thought aa if they had been oauliflowera in England. He was ap pointed analyst, he said, to the city of Brisbane, and used to have " fine fan" when the people tried to bribe him—all in vain, added the Professor, of course—not realizing that all samples reaohed him simply with a number attached, affording no clue to identifica tion. On the whole, the Professor de clared, he had done well In the land of bnsh fires. He spoke of gold shares and land investments, and showed a picture of his Queensland home. The Professor had desoribed it as of the meatsafe order of architecture, but the Londoners thought It a handsome residence. Of course the Professor spoke of the astonishing growth of the {Australian Colonies : even I can remember the time when the colonial was regarded as a wild beast in England; now he is looked upon as a prodigy. In crioketing circles In the old country there seems to be considerable objection to the proposed viBit of Australian cricketers next year. The assigned reasons are that the cricketing public will only spend a certain amount of money for the purpose of watching the game, and the \\-.tlier that ths greater attraction of the .Australian matches have a reactionary effect upon ordinary county cricket. But the veal truth is tbat there is almost a panic among the leading cricketers at the published strength of the proposed cricketing team. A well-known cricketer said to me the other day, " We have been beaten by those Australians on the river, in tfae ring, and there ie every prospect that we shall be beaten in the oricketing ■field next year if this team comes over." Ho wonder then that every obstaole is being thrown in the way of the team coming. Mr. A. G. Steel, the well-known •cricketer, is csndid; he pleads for five years1 grace. The Australian Irligation Colonies Magacine says that South Australia is •coming into increased favour as a field for speculative investment. Witness the boom, says our youthful contemporary, in Kangariilas during the last week or two. 1 have heard of men, writeB newspaper correspondent, _ who have cleared thousands by transactions in these shares, the British public apparently be lieving that this silver mine is going to equal, if not eclipse, the Broken Hill Proprietary claim. Then, again, the •Reedy Greek Gold Mine, anotner South Australian property, has just been pri vately floated. I bear, too, that boring machinery, with all its latest modern im provements, has been shipped to Adelaide in tlie b.b. Hubbuck to test the South Australian petroleum fields. It might be added that the Great Eukaby has fallen rather flat, and that a few more mines situated in South Australia are waiting to be focrn at a suitable time. The illus trated descriptive work of the Australim Irrigation Colonies has been plaoed by Lord. Knutsford in the library of the Colonial Office, and iB to be found, what is more for practical good, in all the free libraries of the United Kingdom, and other places where the public frequent. The artistic and faithful pictures of the Biver Murray and adjacent scenery, original drawings in black and whito, - executed by Mr. J. Needham, of South' Australia, for the Illustrated book of irrigation settlements, are crow to be seen at the London offices of the Company, having been suitably ' framed for public inspection. The Orient Company are building a new steamer at Messrs. Napier's yard, Glasgow. The new boat will be about the size of the OrmUE, and fitted much in the same way. The chief fact of other1 shipping news is that the new cruiser Pelaarua, for the Australian station, will be launched on the 25it, Lady Samuel performing the ceremony. Lord Porcheeter, the eldeBt son of Lord . Carnarron, is going out to Australia, by his doctor's advicB, for about a year. Mr. Barr Smith finds Edinburgh too cold during the winter, and has taken a house for six months at St. Leonards-on Sea. Mr. Joseph Fisher has also taken part of a house at the same place. St. I Leonards is much frequented by Aus- I trslinns, for it is considered by them to ! have a climate much similar to that of their own country. I have known violets flourishing in the open air at this seaside place at ChristmaB time, when London has beenclothed in ice and snow. Mrs. Tom Scott's friends will be glad to hear that she is now out of danger. The 'Council of the Boyal Colonial Institute have just acquired a collection of original pencil and watercolour draw ings by Mr. William Westall, A.R.A., who was landscape painter to the cele brated expedition'under Captain Flinders, which discovered and surveyed the coast of Australia in the Investigator la the years 1601-1803 Tlie pictures comprise •views of various places on the sonth and north coasts from King George's Sound to the Gulf of Carpentaria, besides -drawings of natives, flora, and fauna. The collection, no doubt, is of great his toric value, and the Council are to bs congratulated upon having acquired it. Mr. Matthew Macfie, of Melbourne, reads next month's paper before the Royal j Colonial Institute, the subject being "Aids to Australian Development." The Marquis of Lome, who was in the chair at the opening meeting of the Institute, stated that its total membership was now -3,500—"a most satisfactory evidence," he remarked, "of the appreciation the Institute enjoys." London, November 22. Mr. R. Pearson hsB returned from the •South of France, where he has been recruiting for the last month or so. "We ahall now probably see the " Great Eukaby" and " Reedy Creek" and other mines and speculations make some pro gress, for there is no doubt that Mr. Pear son has a strong personal following in the Stock Exchange. Mr. J. T. Tornbull iB sending out ■several handsome donations as a Christmas offering to charitable Institutions in the ■colonies, Messrs. A. & J. Inglis have just launched for the British India Associa tion a new steamer of several thousand *tonB, whioh will ultimately be need for -the Australian trade. For Mr. Lund, too, a new steamer of 3,400 tons, and named the Culgoa, has jnst been launched. It is stated that Mr. T. V. Rauch, who has been managing the S. A. Wine Depart ment at the Paris Exhlbitian, is to bs •crested an officer of the Ordre du Mdrite ' Agrlcole as a recognition of his services at the Exhibition by the French authorities. Br. Gordon Hogg, the well-known •sanitary authority in London, has written a letter, which has been published, stating in connection with Australian wine, that "for some reason or other the wine sup plied by other and older importers has •much degenerated." "I speak," adds Dr. Gordon Hogg, *' of what the general public buys at BUopa." The original drawings of Mr. William Westell, the landscape painter to the celebrated expedition of discovery and survey of the south, east, and west coasts of Australia commanded by Captain Flinders, of H.M.8. Investigator, between the years 1801-1803, and which have been acquired by the Council of the .Royal Colonial Institute are now on view at the Institute. Among the views of the south coast is one of Thistle Island, near Fort Lincoln, named after Mr. Thistle, the "master" of the Investigator, who, with a boat's crew, was drowned near Cape Catastrophe; another of the head of Spencer's Gulf; several of Kangaroo Island (spelt Kangaroo); and others of natives and fauna. The natives, according to Mr. Westell's pictures, were much finer fellows than they are now. Perhaps the most interest ing pictures of the whole collection are those showing native drawings of figures in a cave near Memory Cove; and a sketch of Port Philip, the first ever taken, and dated April 30,1802, Of the pictures of natives it is worth notice that accord ing to Mr. Westall, they tatooed and wore a sort of band round their heads. There is a representation of the only native, be longing to the district of Cape Arnheim, shot during the expedition, which speaks much for the humanity of the leaders. Comparatively speaking, and considering their great historical value, the collection has been secured very cheaply by the Royal Colonial Institute, owing to astipu lation made by the WeBtall family that the collection should be kept as a whole aud not be scattered. Mr. A. W. Dobble, since I last wrote, bas been in London, but is now in Ant werp. MiBS Alice Cornwell is now back in London, but unable to do much work on account of her debilitated state of health. The outer harbour scheme makes little progress iu popular favoar or progress in any other way. I hear that Messrs. Aird and Lucas' tender was £950,000. Miss Cornwell, on the other hand, has secured a strong Board for her Australasian and General Mining Trust and Agency Com pany, consisting of Viscount Comber mere, Alderman Renals, Mr. B. C. Molloy, Mr. H. Garle, and Mr. J. Harrold. These and other schemes are now hanging fire on account of Miss Cornwall's illness. _ Mr.Gouldsmith, who has lately had on view in London a collection of colonial pictures, is the artist who painted, when in South Australia, a portrait of Chief Justice Way. The committee who are considering the question of the investment of British trust money in colonial securities met yesterday, and after a lengthy discassion adjourned until Tuesday. The meeting had before it the draft form of a bill which when approved of will be submitted to Parliament. Through the suggestion of Sir E. T. Smith when in London, the South Aus tralian Company, after consultation with their Manager in Adelaide, have presented ten views of early Adelaide, of great historic interest, to the Adelaide gallery. The pictures have gone out by the Victoria, aud will form an interesting group when hung. The Royal Anglo-Australian Society of Artists is endeavouring to get the Princess of Wales as one of their Patronesses The Princess Louise has already given her coDBent. Sir Thomas Elder is staying in Scotland with Mr. Barr Smith. Some extraordinary experiments with the divining-rod have recently baen taking place, and they are well worth the attention of those interested in the irri gation question, and who is not in Aus tralia ? A Mr. W. H. MeKnight of Silk Willoughby, England, writes that he believes the whole thing is worked by some law of magnetism, of which some people are susceptible, and others not. Being at Bnchminster, he writes, when Lord DyBart proposed some experiments to test the divining-rod, and as Mrs. F. Manners in that village is peculiarly susceptible, we had an excellent oppor tunity. Lord Dysart wrote the account of the experiment, and sent it, I believe, to more than one jonrnal connected with the landed Interest, as he thought laud lords would be as glad as he was to find water where they wanted it on their estates. Mr. MeKnight then goes on to detail the experiments. He says they were as follows:—Mrs. Manners went with the rod into a field where she had previously discovered a spring, aud thought she knew the spot, that there might be no delay In beginning our experiments, She, however, missed the spot, and had to find it again. When she came over the spring the rod violently ahook, the bark being twisted off the twig. Mr. MeKnight then continues "I took the twig and felt what I recog nised as a mild shock, such as I was very familiar with from my magneto-electric machine. We then placed four glass salt cellars on the ground and a board on the top of them, and asked Mrs. Manners, with the rod still twisting in her hands, to step on the board, and at once all motion ceased, and she herself was con scious that the magnetic current was stopped. Finding that I was in some slight degree susceptible, whilst she still stood insulated on the board I took hold of her two wrists, and immediately the movements began again. This we re peated several ttmee, and as regularly as the circuit was completed the magnetic action followed and the rod 'epoke oat.' " LordDysart then tried to complete the circuit, but without effect, showing that it needs a certain susceptibility In the individual to produce results. We then tried the same experiments in another place with a piece of copper wire, and with the came results. With the copper wire the movements are less violent. It seemed to be a general tremour and quivering of the wire, and an impossi bility in Sirs. Manners to keep it still. Again Mrs. Manners was Insulated, and all motion and sensation ceased. " Whilst insulated I took hold of the ends of the wire, and, as before, immediate results followed. This I did again and again, with instant and unvarying action." Mr. McKnight then states that some months after he got Mrs. Manners to come into his parish to find water for two farms and cottages, which had hitherto supplied their wants from the rectory well, and she was entirely successful In all places where Mrs. Manners indicated water wells have been sunk and water found. During these last proceedings Mr. McKnight proved that the magnetic action was clear In one line or direction only, and that two yards on either side of that line its action ceased. Also, whilst the magnetic current was running through the copper wire he applied a common sewing needle to the wire and " held it in connection for some time, when the medle became magnetized, and I have j tested it thlB morning, three months after, j and it has picked up several needles from j the table and held them suspended." Mr. | William Fowler, of Harlow, also writes upon this subject of water-divinatlon, that at the request of Sir H. and Lady Selwin-Ibbetson, he asked a "diviner" who resides near Bristol, to attend at J Down Hall some time ago, and that this j "diviner" discovered in what direction the outflow from a well passed away, and he " spotted" a watercourse, well-known to Sir Henry, in a field where there was nothing to lead any one to suspect the existence of water; and, more than this, he declared that there were other streams in placeB where no one was aware of their existence. Since he left, adds Mr. Fowler, his accuracy has been tested, and his assertions have turned out to be well founded. Mr. Fowler holds no theory on the subject, and he wishes that scientific people instead of sneering at well-attested instances of this species of divination would try to explain it. He wishes to say, however, that he has seen the operation, and that he was much surprised and interested, and that he has no doubt some men have this power of " divination" as to water, or by whatever name you may please to call it. Mr. Fowler adds that the diviner used a length of watohspring, as well as the hazel-rod, shaped like an open Y, holding the ends of the spring in his hands, leaving the middle free, and it jumped up in his face after the same fashion as the rod, when he passed over running water. It should bo observed that no effect was produced by a well or tank. The water must be flowing to cause this excitement of the rod cr spring. 