2R3' gTERS*'S, STORpt ey Stant littore Puppies !-Vir.oi. IT was a litter, a litter of five, Four are drown'd, and one left alive, He ia'sthought worthy alone to survive' And the Bagman resolved upon bringing him To'eat of his bread and to drink of his cup, He was such a dear little cock-taii'd pup 1 - The Bagman taught him many a trick;' H6' would carry, and fetch, and run after a " stick, . Could well'understand The word of com -m and, And appear to doze With a crust on his nose . . Till the Bagman permissively waved his hand: Then to.throw up and catch it henever.would 'fail, . . . As he sat,up on end, on his little cock-tail. Never was puppy so Nic& instruit,,, ', . Or poOsess'd of such natural talent as he; . And as he grew older, Every.beholder Agreed he grew handsomer, sleeker, and bolder. Tiime, however his wheels we may clog, ' Wends steadily still with onward jog, .' '" , And the cock-tail'd puppy's curly-tail'ddog I. When, just at the time He~a: reaching his prime, ' : And all thought he'd b turning out something sublime, One unlucky day How, no one: could say, Whether some soft liaison induced hin. to :'.stray, Or some kidnapping vsgabond coax'd lhimi away, . . . ' He sas lost to the view. Like'th morning dew; He had been, and was not-that 's all that they .-.. knew. '..- : I;d the Bagman storm d ind ,the Bagman S swore ' ' .... ;, As neverwBagman haid siorn-befor'i;' I ," But tormiinD or swearing:biut'little ayails' To recover lost dogs with gieat'curly ails.r In n large paved court, close by Billiter •* ,Square, . Stands a mansion, old, but in thorough repair, The only trange thini." from the.general air. Of its size and appearance, is how it got there; In front is a short semicircular stair * Of stone steps,-some half score,- ' Then you reach the ground floor, With a shell- pattern'd' architrave over the door. It is spacious, and seems to be built on the \- plan : Of a' Gentleman's house in the reign of Queen' Anne': ' ' - ' " : Which is odd, for, althoug,. As we very Swell know, Under Tudors and Stuarts the City could s" how ' ' ' Many Noblemen's seats above Bridge and Sbelow, Yet that fashion ooon after induced them' to go From St. 3.ichael tCornhill, and St. Mary-le Bow, To St. James, and St. George, and St. Anne in Sohe. Be this as it may,-at the date I assign To my tale,--that's about Seventeen Sixty Nine, This mansion, now rnther upon the decline, Had less dignified ownere,-belonging, in fine, To Tirner, Dry, Weipersyde, I ogers;' and Pyne-' A respectable House in the Manchester line.' There were a score Of Bagmen, and more, Who had travell'd full oft for the'firm before; But just at this period.they wanted to send Some person on whom they could safely depend- '' A trustworthy body, half agent, half friend, On some mbreautile matter as far is Ostend ; • And the person they pitch'd on was 'Anthony Blogg, . . . . A gnive, steady man, not addicted to grog, The Bagman, in short; who had lost this great : dog.' ' The Sea! the Sea !the open SEa I- , That is the place where we all wish to be, Rolline about on it merrily !"- , So all sing and say By night and by day, i In the toudoir, the street, at the concert and play, ' In a sort, of coxcombical roundelay,;-- f;, I You may roam through the City, tranavesaely S . or straight,. t , *i v. . 5,-, rsii . : i'.-. '!s From .iWhitchapel: turnpike; to Cunimbelrsna gate, And every young Lady who thrums a guitar, I Ev'ry mustachio'd Shopman who smokes a cigar, : ! . With affected devotion, Promulgates his notion, Of being a "Rover"• and "child of the Ocean "--? : , -. . " " --. Whate'er their age, sex, or condition may.be,' Theynll of 'them long for the "Wide, Wide Sea!" : '. ... But, however they dote,t Only set them afloat . ; ; , In iny craft bigger at'all than a obat, ' i . Take them down to the Nore, :,And you'll " ee that, before - : 'r'-L:' : ";" - '' The " Wessel" they' Woyage" in has half made her way . ' , , i,: % :,: .., Betwaon Shell-Ness .Point and; the'iier at HerneaBay, Let the wind meet the tide in the slightest degree, . ' ' -% : : They'll be aU'of them' heartily sick 6f t "the SeatI I've stood'in rsargnte, on nbridge e f size ' Inferior far to'that described by Byro'n,: Where "palaces and pris'ns n each hand SThat too's a stone one,this s ade o ij, j iron-_. . And little donkey-boys your steps environ, Each priffering for your choice his tiny hack, Vaunting its excellence; ani, should you " hire one, "'' .. For. sipence; will 'he urge, with. frequent S, thwack, , ', "r" , i ,.. The muchi-eduring beast' t Buenos Ayres and back. And there; on many a raw and gusty day, •'PTee stood anod turn'd my gaze upon the * .'. pier, , . I . SAnd seen'the criws, that did embark so gay That self-s'me morn, now disembark so queer; Then to myself I've aigh'd' and said, " Oh \- dear . Who would believe yon sickly-looking man's a 'Loidon Jack Tar,-a Cheapside Bucca neer !" But hold, my Muso !-for this terrific stanzi Is all too stiffily grand for our Extrasanza. "So now we'll'go up, up, up,. And now we'll go dowo, down, down, And'now we'll go backwards and forwards, :'And now we'll go roun', roun', roun'." -f hope you've psfllcient discernment to see, Gentle Reader, that here the discrding the d Is a fault which you must not attribute to me. Thuse my Nurse cut it off when, "with counterfeit glee," She esug, as she danced me about on her knee, In the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and three: All I mean to Eay is, that the Muse is now free From the self-imposed trammels put on by her bettr.s, And no longer like Filch, midst the felons and debtors At Drury Lane dances her hornpipe in fetters. lRe:uming her track,' At onceshe goes back To our hero, the Bagman.-Alas I and Alack ! Poor Authony Elogg Is as sick as a dog, Spite of sundry unwonted potations of grog, By the time the Dutch packet is fairly at sea, With the sands called the Goodwins a league on her cle. And now, my good friends, I've a fine oppor tunity To obfuscate you all by sea terms with im punity, And telmg of "caull:king," And "quarter deck walking." "Furo and aft," And "abaft," "Hookera," "barkeya," and " craft," (At which MIr. Poole has so wickedly Inught,) Of binnaclde,-bllbce4,-the boom call'd the spanker, The be3t bower cable,-the' jib,-and'sheet .aunchor; Oflower-deck guna,-and of broadsides and chases, -. Of taRffrils and topEtils, and eplicing main brcces. And "Shiver my timbers '. and other odd phlnes Employ'd by old pilots with hard-featured faces; Of the expletives sea-faring Gentlemen use, The allusions they make to the yes'of their crews; How the Sailore, too, swear, How they cherish their hair,... And wati friy'l6ng pigtails a' great many .Bat, Reader, I scorn.it--the fact-is, I fear, To be candid, I can't make these matters so clear As Marryat, or Cooper, or Captain Chamier, Or Sir E. Lytton Bulwer, who brought up the rear Of the "Nauticale," just at the end of last Eighteen thirty-nine--(how Time flies !-Ob, r dear !)- . With a well-written preface, to make it appear That his play, the "Sea-Captain," 's by no means small beer. There!-"brought up the rear"-you see 1 there's a mietake - Which not one of the authors I've mentioned would make, I ought to have said, that he "sail'diin their \- wake."- - . _ So I'll merely observe,, as the.water graw rougher The more my poor'hero continued to'suffer, Till the Sailors themselves cried, in pity, " Poor Buffer " :: ; " . ..' ' Still rougher it grew,- And still harder:it hblew ,. - " ' . " ''. : . - And the thunder kick'd up such a hnllballoo, That even tlie Skipper began to look'blue:;': SWhile the' crewr;who' were few, 'LLook'd 1 .very queer; to,'' And seem'd notto know what' exactly to do," And they who'd the charge'of them wrote in ithe logs, 'Wind N.E.--blows 'a huriicanerinins cats and dogs." ' ' ' :' In short, it soon grew to'a tempest ai rude as: That Shnkspeare describes near the ihstill eit' Bermuda.," S'Wlih' the winds; in their sport, 'Drove -"side from its port" ' ' ; The Kidg's ship, with' the whole Neapolitan i "Court, Andi swamp'd it to' give the King ' Son,' S Frdinand," a ' , Soft' moment or two wilA teo'Ladyv firanda While her' Pa" met thed rest, and" severely -:.rebuked 'em " ' '. .; - 1, ', For'uhahdeomely' doing 'him'iout :of hi' Dukedom You don't want 'me, howe?r, to' paint you a S . Io , ' T . . _ - - ; -,,,, _ ,: ý, Storm, As' , many have done, ndti in 'colurs s Lord Byron, for insttance, in inhanierfacetious, 'lIr. Ainsworth more gravely,-ee also Lucre \- writer who gave me no trifineg vexation When a youngster 't school on Dean Colet's Sfoundation- - Suffice it to say That the whole of ,that . "'day, " ' . "' : .. ' ' : And the next, and the iest, they 'wer saud .'. 'ding away ': .., ",, .' , .: _ SQuite out ofi their couras, Propell'd by the force ,. Of those flatulent folks known in Classical story as .. Aquilo, Libs, Notus, Auster, and Borea,., Drien quite at their mercy 'Twixt Guern .eey end Jersey . . , Till at length they came bump ou the. rocks and the shallows, . . In West longitude, One, fifty-seven, near 'StI .. aloees ;.. There you will not be surprised That the' L. I vessel capsized,. ?.: ' ; .. ; .. Or that Blogg',who had made, from ntestine ; commotions, His specifical gaivity less than the, Ocean's, -Should go floating away, .Midst the surges . and spray,.. . " ,w . Like.a cork: in, a gutter, which, swoln by'a' shower, Runs down Holborn-hill about nine knots:an hour. You'v seen, I've no doubt, at Bartholomew ."T ar,, -" . '" ..' . ; . .,. .,', " ·. ., Gentle Reader,'-thal' is ii you've ever bien 'there,-' With their hands tied behind them', ome two or three'piiir Of boys round a bucket set in. on a chair, ':Skippiiin, and dipping 'yei, ' ise, chin, . and lip in, Their. face .and hair with the wter, all .,dripping,-; n an anxious attempt to ch hold of a That bbsup and down i the water when They touch it, as mocking the fruitless on"-. deavou r; Exactly as Poets say,-how,, t hogh they can't tell or,- Old Nick's Nornpareils play at ob with poor, ,T: o .iTantolue; ., , ; ''s is,, . al.:-li <·i:^·;*.* ,i'r-Stayl (-I' mn cot .clear, (Bucrst'' rather *.td ""out here a 1.,', tj .t ??-? 1', ' --1'' .... pTwo'the'watr itaelf that slipp'd from .him, Ifear.; .. :. ,r., Faith, I'can't recollect-and I haven't Lem. priere. No mhtter,-poor Blogg went on ducking and :i ",bobbing,. , Sneezing out the Bal water, and gulping and ,' sobbing,'. . . e re . ' 1 .c.... i Just as Clarence, in Shakapeare, decribes: nll , the qualms!he ,:.. . :.. . : Experienced while :dreaming they'd drowned i. himinMalmsey. " Lord," he thought, " t in it to 'jdrorwn i SAnd e re, fishes itgroat gogglng Glarinýi' ih l as bobbing up and down, iAid looking as they thought hiti quite a asrbe; sak; an al l , . : wa grwiga I When, as he sank, and'all w'ias growieg dark, A 'omething Seized him' with its jaws I- A .:Shark 1 No sutch thing, Reader :--most opportunely for Blo, . . 'Twas a very large, web-footed, curly-tail'd ' .. Dog l I'm not much of a trav'ller, and really can t boast - That 1 know a great deal of the Brittany coast, But I've often heard say That e'en to this day. .'. The people of Granville, St. Maloes, and there about Are a class that Society doesn't much carei about;' Men who gain their subsistence by contraband dealing, And a mode of abstraction strict people call "stealing ;" Notwithstanding all which, they are civil of speech, Above all to a Stranger who comes within reach ; And they were so to Blogg When the' curly-tail'd Dog At last dragg'd him out, high and dry on'the beach. But we all have been told, By the proverb of old, By no means to think " al that glitters is gold;" And, in fact, some advance That most -people in France Join the manners and air of a lIaftre de Danse, To the morals--as Johnson of Chesterfield . said)- Of an elderly Lady, in B.abylon bred, Much addicted to flirting, and dressing' in red. Be this as it might, "It embarras'd Blogg quite To find those about him so very polite. A suspicious observer perhaps might have traced The petites solns, tendered with so much good taste, To the sight of an old-fashioned pocket-book, placed In a black leather belt well secured round his waist. And a ring set with diamonds, his finger that graced, So brilliaut no one could have guess'd they were paste. The group on the shore Consisted of four; You will wonder, pelhaps, there were not a few more; But the fact is they've not, in that part of the nation, What IMulthus would term, a "too dense population," Indeed the sole sign there of man's habitation Was merely a single Rude hut in a dingle That led away inland direct from the shingle, Its sides clothed with underwood, gloomy and dark, Some two hundred yards above high-water mark; And thither the party, So cordial and hearty, Viz., an old man, his wife, and two lads, made . a start, he, . . . ... . ,., , :. Tho Bagman, pioceedilg, With equal good breeding, To express, in indifferent French all he feels, The great curly-toil'd Dog keeping close to his heele. They soon reach'd the hut, which scem'd partly in ruin, All the way bowing, chattering, h:rugging, MonDicuing, .. Grimacing, aud what Sailors call pdrley.-ioing. Is it Paris or Kitchener. Reader, exhorts You, whieneer your otomachs's at all out of orts, .. . To try, if you find richer viandis won't stop in A basin of good mutton broth with a chop in it?...... (Such a basin and chop as I once heard a witty one Call, at the Garrick, a "c--tl Committee one," An expression, I own, I do not think a pretty one.) However, it's clear That, with sound table \- beer, Such a mess as I speak of is very good cheer; Especially, too,;: When a person's wet through, And is hungry, and tired, and don't know what to do. Now just such a mess of delicious hot pottage. Was smoking away when they enter'd the cottage, And casting a truly delicious perfume Through the whole of an ugly, old, ill-furnish'd room; f lIot, smoking hot," On the fire was a pot Well replenish'd, but really I can't say with what ; For, famed as the French always are for ragouts, Noecreature can tell what theyput in' their stews, Whether bull-frogs, old gloveo, or old wigs, i or old shoes; Notwithstanding, when offer d I rarely refuse, Any more than poor, Blogg did, wshen, seeing the reeky Repast placed before him, scarcea le o peak, In' eestacy muttered' By'Jsee, Codeleyleeky!" In an instant, an soonb ' As 'tey'gave him a Every feeling andtfaculty bent onithe grtil, he' No more blamed `Fortuniie for treating him cruelly, " , , - But fell tooth and jaild oathe: soup anid the -.bouillid . Meanwhile that old man standing by,,; ,, Subducted hia:long eaoThR~i Fl on "Ih, ; : With hii back to the fire, as it to dry:.. : A part of his dress which the watery sk??? Had vis?ieid ather inclelmeuitly. Blandly he smiled, but still'he looked sly,? And a something sinister lurk'd in his ey'e,' Indeed, had you seen him his maritiime dress You'd have own'd his appearance was not prepoesesaing;. .... ' He'd a dreadnought" coat, and heay dsabots With, thick wo'oden soles turned up at- thei toes, -, His nether. man cased in :a striped guelgia And a hump on his inbackand agre? t ilhook'd nose, t .,... ; " .,:' ,1. . So that in'out of ten.would be led to'sup .i oee t . .: " : Pra:2 ý.: :2" i That the peaion" before 'them w-smPunch in phin clothes. : Yet still, as toldyou,, he samiled' on all, preo : sent, , ^,v ? ? And did all that ay, in his power to look pleasant. , , . ., SThe old woman, tao,:'' Made a mighty ado, Helping ber ghest to a deal' of the stew i::, She fish'd tp the meat, and she helped .ii to She hilp'd him to lean, and she elp'd him to fats And 'it looked like Hiare-butr"i : 'iight liuav been Cat. The little gargons?;too, strove to zopreea:'': Their sympathy' towarda the ,' Child of tdis tress " u ,, [ ,L , 0 With a great deal of juvenile French.politesae: ,But the Bagman bluff . Continued to Of the ft; and the Icn, and thee tender and Till they thought he would enovert cry.!' Hold, '- enough l: I . And the old woman's tones became far less agreeable, Sounding-like pite! iind sacrel and diable. I've. seen an':old :saw which ist welli worth J;. repeating - .:. SThat says; -: nnbc :' agtggr-:,i -!,(0, oýeaerthvlltgonbe eplnltngr." :1 : You'll find it so 'printed by QLatdoin orl And a very good proverb it is to my thinlifng. -?;=Blogg -thought .s3: toon;-.:'Ast lio'.finished ; his stewr !:. , :" , ' :` :. .:: His ear, caught the - soundt osft the word Pronounced, biy, the old waoman sn?;u?der5Shee ,': t Bluh Death l",,. " "I : ". . " , H~e conceive she referr'd to a'delicate birewing Which is almosatsnonymon?o namely, "Blue: SRuin.": So hpursed iup his lip to a! smile, and -with In- his: cockneyfy'd deccent, tresponded, " Oh, :: Which' made her inderstandd ho VWas asking' "d for brandy, ;.; ''i:, "-. So;she tur' d to the,cupboard, and, having ,. some handy, r:?;,:. : ,-,. Ptroduced, rightly deeasaghe would not 'object' An orbicular bulb wti a very l ngeck to it;. Id'h fhct,you" peiceife lier inist e :wa the same as his, -Eachoftrthem:.'.reasoning right frbn;iwrong. 1: premzises; . - i"-,-And, hero, by the wary Allow me.to sity, Hind tReader, you sometimes ,permit me -to \- . stray-- Tim .strenge the French prove, when they: , take to aspersing, Sn isferior to us in the science of cursing;. : Kick a Frencuhman down sairsa Hoi absurdly he swears,' A ndhow add 'tis to hear him,' wlen bea to a Rtar ant :n a passio;, "Blue Deanthl aiid : ,Blue Belly,?. ': I" "To, reue"n to our sheep', from thishj lttIe * gdigressibon :.'-..: .:.- . Blogg's, features assumed a complacent ex , .pression Au he emptied hi glaos, and she? gave him a S fresh one "Tdo little he heeded How faost they suc " ceeded. Perhaps you or sI might have done, though, as "'he did, For when once M1adamo Fortune deals out her hard rape, It's amazing to think, How one " cottons" to drink I At such times, of all thingsin nature, perhaps, There's not one that's half so seducing ns SScenaps. Mr. Blogg, beside being nacommonly dry, . Was, like mosat other Bagmen, remarkably Sshy, -" Did you like to deny "-' "Felt obliged to comply" Every time that she asked him to " wet t'other Seye;" For 'twas worthy remark that she spared not the stoup, Though before she had seem'd so to grudge him the soup. -. At length the fumes roase To his brain; -arid hisnosdi Gave hints of a strong disposition to doze, And ayearning to seek "horizontal repose." His queer- looking host, Who, firm at his post, Duriog all the long meal had continued to toast That garment 'twere rude to Do more than allude to, Perceived, from his breathing and nodding, the views Of his guest were directed to "taking a snooze:" So he caught up a lamp in his hugo dirty paw, WYith (as Blogg used to tell it) "Mounscer, .sircyL matol" " And "marstill'd " him so "The way'ho should go," Upstairs to an attic, large, gloomy, and lows Without table or chair, Or a moveable there, Sare an old-fashion'd bedstend, much out of repair, That stood at the end most removed from the With a grin and a shrug The host points to the rug, Just as much as to say, "Theroe --I think you'll be snug 1" Puts the light on the floor, Walks to the Makes formalSalaan, mand is then seen no more: ? When just as the ear lost the sound of .his tread, To the R.gman's surprise, and, at first, to his -dread, The great curly-tail'd Dog crept from under the bed! -It's a very nice thing when a man'sin a :fright, . Arad thinks matters all wrong, to tid'mattera all right; As, for instance, when going home late- ish at -night. Througha Churchyard, and seeiig a- thing all in white, Which,. of course, one is'led to..consider .a' Sprite, . To find that the Ghost Is merely a post, Or a miller, or chalky-faced donkey at most ; Or, when taking a walk as the evenings begin To close, or, as some people call it, " draw in," And some undefined form, " looming large " through the haze, Presents itself, right in your path, to your g, ze, Inducing a dread Of a knock on the head, Or a sver'dl carotid, to find that, instead Of one of those ruffians rho murder and fleece men, It's your Uncle, or one of the "Rural Porelice men ; " Then the blood flows again Throughartery and vein; You're delighted with what just before gave you pain: You laugh at your fears-and your friend in the fog Meets a welcome as cordial as Anthony Dlogg Now beslow'd on Iis friend-the great curly. tail'd Dog. For the Dog leap'd up, and his paws found a place. On each side his neck in a canine embrace, And he' lick'd Blogg's hands, and he lick'd his And he waggled his tail, as much as to say, "Mr. Bll;gg, we've: foregather'd before to day !" And the Bagman saw, as he now sprang up, What, beyond all doubt, He might have \- found out Before, had he not been so eager to sup, Twas Sancho --the Dog he had rear'd from a pup ! The Dog who when sinking- had seized his hair, The Dog who had saved, and conducted him there,- . The Dog he had lost outh of'Bailiter'Squae !l It's passing sweet; An absolute treat, When'friende, long sever'd by distance meet, With what warimth and affection each other ::': they greet'! . Espeinlly, too, as we very well know;' IfUthere seems any chance of a little cadeau, . A Present from Brighton," or "Token" to -c: chow,. In the Shape of a work-box, ring, bracelet, or Thas onr friends dont' forget us, although they may go To Ramgigate, or Rome, or Fernando Pc '. If some little advantage seems likely to start, Froin a fifty-pound note to a two-penny' tart, It's surprising to see how it softens the 'hearte And-you'll find those whose hopes fromi tie e: other are strongest, Use, in common, endearments the ?thickest -and longest. ist it was not so hero For although it is clear, VWheii abroadand we have not a single friend ::near, . E'en a cur that: will love is becomes very .dear, And the balance of interest'twixt him and the Of course was inclining to Anthony Blogg, -, ;Yet he; first of all, Iceased. To encourage :, the beasti :; -: Perbhaps: thinking "Enough is as good a a. feast;" And besides, as' we've said, being sleepy and He grew tired ofpatting, and "crying, IPeeor So his smile by degrees liaiden'd ints afrwn, And his "That's a good dog !"1 into "-Down, Sancho.! down 1" But nothing could stophisam uto fav'rite's caressing, i Who, in fiact, semed resolved to prevent his undressing, Using paws, tail, and, head,;; if he had said, .. ' SMost beloved of nastetre, piny, don't go to bed; You had much better sit: up, and pat me in stead "' Nay, at insit, when determined ,to?take some' rep ose, - - - - ..- . ' , r Blogg threw himself idown onithe' outside the i . clothes, : i ' - Spite of all he d duld do,. TheDog jump'd up toe, , , , `-. And kept him awake with his very cold nose : '-Scratching and whining, And moaning and Ti11Blo?g reellybell?ved hdbeuau h oma Tiiia" breaking his rest; above all, when at length The Dog eeratch'd him off from the bed by sheer strength. Extremely annoy'd by the " tarnation whop," as it 's call'd in Kentuck, on his head and its oppo. ' site, Blogg showed fight; . When he saw, by the light -. Of the flickering candle, that had not yet quite Burnt dewn in the socket, though not over \- -C bright, Certain dark-colaur'd stains, as of blood newly s p ilt, , Reveal'd by the dog's having' erateh'd off .lit -: quilt, ? £ 4-p.: ; .: - :;: .:" ., WYhichsinteda tery -lsBrendl S'Tw*f" no :mistakef"r",-- H i'd awake k" In an instant ; for, when only decently drunk. Nothing sobers a man so completely s " funk." ' And hark -what's that ?- : They have got into chat. , ...: In the kitchben below-whla the deuce are they at;- ,. . Therea the ugly old Fisherman scolding his ", wife-- - Ard she-by the Popel she's whetting a Skitifel .At each twist Of her wrist, Anid her great mutton fist, The edge of the weapon sounds shriller, and louder I SThe fierceakitchen fire 1tadnot madeBlogg \- perspire Half so much, or a dose of the best James's powder.-. It ceases-- All'ns silent !--sand now, I declare There's somebody crawls up that rickety stair 1 The horrid old ruffian comes, cat-like, creep ig ; He opens the door just suflleint to peep in, And sees, as he fancice, the Blagman sleeping ! For Blogg, when he'd once ascertain'd that there was some "Precioua mischief" on foot, had resolv'd to play "Possum " Down he went, legs and head, Flat on the bed, Apparently sleeping as soulnd as the dead; While, though none who look'd at him would think such a thing Every nerve in his frame was braced up for a spring. Then, just as the villain Crept steathily: still, in, .. l.if o And ynou'd not have insur'd his guest's lafe for a shilling, As the knife gleam'd on high, bright and sharp as a razor, Blog. soarting upright, " tipped " the follow "afacer;" - -Down went man and weapon.-Of all sorts of blows, From what MIr. Jacklson reports, I suppose There are few that surpass a flush hit on the nose. Now had I the pen of old Ossian or Homer, (Though eachcl of these names some pronounce a misnomer. And say the first person Was call'd James M'Pherson, While, as to the second, they stoutly declare He was no one knows who, and born no one knows where,) Or had I the quill of Pierce Egan, a writer Acknowledged the beast theoretical fighter For the last twenty years, By the lively young Peers, Who, doffing their coronets, collars, and ermines, treat Boxeres to "IMar," at the One Tun in Jermyn SStreet; -I say, could I borrow these Gentlemen' More skill'd than my meek one in "fibbings" and bruiee, I'd deashib'e now to yon - As "primo a Set. to," And "regular turn-up," as ever yoia knew : A 13 Not'inferior in "bottoni" to aught you hIoup read of. Since Cribb, yearl ago, half knock'd Mfoly., neux's head off. But my dainty Urania says, "Such things are shocking !" Lace mittens She loves, Detesting "The Gloves;" . " Anditurning, with air most disdaiafully mock ing, From 3Melpomene'a buokin, adopts the silk stocking. So, as far as I can'see;'. I must leave youet-6 \- "fancy" The thumps and the 'oubti , and:the ups: and the dowvns, And the taps, and the slaps, and the raps on the crowns, . That pas3'd 'twixt the Husbahdl Wifp Ba g-'1 mau, and Dog, As Blogg rolled over them, and they roll'd over Blogg ; While what'v called "The Claret" Flew over the garret : Merely stating the fact, As each other they whack'd, The Dog his old smaater most gallaontly hack'd; Making both the garvoasa, who came ruuuing iu, sheer off, With " Hippolylt's" thumb, and "Al. phonse's " left ear.ofi'; Next, making a stoop on The buffetting group on The floor, rent in tatters the old woman's Then the old man turn'd up, and a fresh bite of Sancho's Tore out the whole sent of his striped Cali maucoes. Really, which way This desperate fray Might have ended at last, I'm not ablo to eay, The dog keeping thus the assassins at bay: But a few fresh arrivals decided the dlay; For bounce went the door, In came half a score Of the passengers, sailors, and one or'two more Who had aided the party in gaining the shore! It's a gicrat many years ago-mine then were few% Since I spent a short time in the old Cog ragi?ex; I think that they say She had been, in her .day. . A First-rate-but was then what they term a Rass,- . And they took me on board in -the Downs' where she Inay (Captaid Wilkinson held the command, by the v way.) - In:her.I pick'd up, on that eidgle occasion, The little I know that concerns Navigationi, And obtained, inter alia, some vague infor mastion - Of a practice which often, in cases of robbing, Yas :adopted on shipboard-I think 'twas Scalld "' cobbing." How. 'twos managed exactly I really can't say, But I think that a Boot-jack was brought :. into play That:is if I m right :-it exceeds my ability To tell how 'ti done;e But the system is one Ofwhicli: Sano's exploit would increase the Aid, fromsil cnn Ad;fromb alb could learn, Id much rather . +" be'robb'd ":' Of the little I have` int my pursee than be That's mee mnatter of taste: ::i. fi'But the Frenchman was placed-? I mean the'old scoundrel whose actions we ve traced-, a v ; : In such a position, that, on this unmasking, His consent was the last thing. the ?men thought ofaking. i .. The old woman, too," WVas obliged to go ' Thirouigh; ,I: With her boysi the rough discipline nsed by "the `crew; Who, before they let one of the tet see the heck of them, '"t" " - i Cobb'" the whole party:ay; "every man J' ack ofthem.'" i;-: , And now, Gentle Reader, before thait I say Farewell for the present, and wish you good daoy, Attenv Id the moral I draw from my lay - f ever you travel, like Anthony Blogg, Be wary of istrangers '-don't' take too much And dbn't` fall asleep, if you should, like a Aboceeall-carry with you a curly-tail'd Dog 1 Ltly; don'tact like Blog, who, I say it with .blushing, ,, Sold Sancho next month for two guineas at Flushing; " But still on these words of the Bard keep a fixt eye IscntArt sI siEnIS, o03enA DnXTI!,! I L' nvoye. I felti:e disgusted with Biogg,:firm.meheer I never onuce Selougn , to Inqfi?revh-"1bec.me ;"of him ; If you want to know, IReader,'the way, I opine, To achieve your design,-MIind, it's no wish of mine, s,-(a penny will do't)-by addreseing'a line To Turner, Dry, Weipersyde, Rogers, and Pyne. 