LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our own Correspondent] LONDON, September 6, 1889. The strike, which has already cost Lon- <*> don a million and a half of money, still continues, and at the time of writing there seems small prospect of a satisfactory lame. This morning a Telegraph devotes a gloomy article to calculating the price which the strike haa coat the various parties concerned. Itaaya:—"Roughly speaking, the loss In wages alone In the Bast-end, the south- east district, and along the banks of the river daring the three weeks which the strike has lasted, may be pot at £200,000. Hen who were formerly able to take that aggregate to their homeshave for 21 days taken nothing, relying for their subsistence upon the contributions of trade organisa tions and the offerings of chari table sympathisers. Landlords have been unable to get their rents. The small shopkeepers with whom the laborers deal suffer equally from the absence of coin, and at the same time are compelled to keep on supplying ■mall quantities of goods In order to retain their customers when work is resumed. The dock companies are natu rally enough averse to make known what the strike has really cost them; bat, between the loss of revenue from dock dues leviable from their regular customers, the expenses they have been put to in gettlrg a few men Into the docks and keeping them there, and the permanent charges of salaries with no revenue coming hi, their dead loss cannot be much less than £100,000 all round, while the pro spective detriment caused by the shifting of trade, which has already began, cannot be even estimated. The loss to the ship owners and merchants Is even larger. In the case of large steamship companies, like the Peninsular and Oriental, the British-India Company, the Orient Line, Donald Carrie & Co., the New Zealand Shipping Company, and Shaw, Savlll, and Co., who load their own steamers for their own account, all the loss caused by the delay falls upon them direct. Many of the vessels have been lying idle for weeks, and only by the greatest and most expen sive exertions have they been able to get ready the steamers which It was absolutely necessary should be dispatched. To them the inconvenience of the strike Is becom ing unbearable, as they cannot get their ships now in dock unloaded. Cargoes are waiting to be sent abroad, bnt they cannot be pat on board. The ships are lying as unprofitable as toys, each costing its pro prietors at the rate of £4 or £5 per hoar. There are at present distributed among the various docks—Bast India, West India, Tilbury, London, St. Katharine, Royal Victoria and Albert, Mtlwall, the Surrey Commercial, and the Regent's Canal —no less than 400 vessels, ranging from tiny craft of 53 tons to huge steamers like the Ormnz of 6,186. Moat of them are large, and onlytwoorthreearedescribedas 'lying up.' It is, of course, difficult to get at what would have been the precise earn ings of this huge fleet had it been fully employed Instead of being docked. Bear In mind also that the majority of these ship have considerable expenses ranning even though they axe idle. Their nnginnn have to be kept In working order, their crews have to be paid, and their stores kept up. The loss caused to the ship ping trade alone from the non-employ, ment of carrying power—not only In the docks, but In the river—is .not less than £650,000." The Lord Mayor returns to day to the Mansion House, and tt Is hoped that he may be able to effect terms. The few bystanders at Lime street station last Friday morning who caught a glimpse of a brisk, alert looking woman in prison dress, who looked curiously around as she walked from the waiting room to the train between tiro female warders, found it difficult to believe that this could be the " mentally and physic ally broken" Mrs. Maybrlck. Oidly enough one of the prisoner's former friends happened to be going to town by the same train. She instantly recognised him with a bow and smile, and when the. unfortunate man stood rooted to the spat with surprise and dismay, not knowing what to do, tried hard to catch his eye again. The warders, however, objected to this, and the Instant the trio entered a second- class carriage the blinds were drawn. A week ago the Baroness yon Boque solemnly rowed she would never leav« England till her Florrie was free. Never theless, with characteristic Inconsequence, she departed for Paris yesterday. Mrs. Briggs has had to leave Liverpool, and the three servants at Battlecrease House for a long time found it impossible to obtain situations. At last a philanthropic lady engaged Yapp, and places were found for the cook and housemaid in Manchester. Mr. Michael May brick has placed his brother's children In safe and suitable hands away from Liverpool, and wffl, foe good and sufficient reasons it Is unneces sary to enter Into, decline to hand them over to the Baroness Yon Roqae unless compelled by law to do so. .-mz^ The announcement of the engagement of Lord Dangan to Lady Violet Nevill, the younger of the beautiful Abergavenay twins, explains why Lord Oowley's heir threw over Miss Phyllis Broughton, and also why the family paid that Injured lady £3,000 rather than let her breach of pro mise case come to court. The bride-elect Is like her sister, Lady Bose Leigh, very j lovely, and as Lord Dangan has a fair share of good looks, they will make a very handsome couple. Viscount Hlnton, who has been earning a comfortable livelihood playing a piano organ, on which Us name is scored in giant letters, for the last two yean, was Bommoned and fined 40s. for being a nuisance one day last week. i The new romantic and semi-historic drama, which Augustus Harris produces at ' BruryLane on the 2lst lust, will be ' I called "The Royal Oak," and divided Into four acta. Irving baa returned from his annual holiday, and *' The Dead Heart" Is now in full rehearsal at the Lyceum. The mtse en scene will be one of the heaviest ever known even at this house, and as canal the management, are taking extra ordinary pains to have details accurate. No date has yet been fixed for the pro duction. TheHaymuket version of " Roger le Honte " has been rather feebly christened " A Man's Shadow." "Bosom Friends" would have been muoh better, Domestic affliction seems to have marked tbe most genial of our low come dians for her own. Poor J. L. Toole's beloved son, beautiful daughter, and adored wife all died within a compare' tively short time, and now his elder brother, Frank Toole, to whom he was warmly attached, haa gone aloft too. Frank Toole was educated at the City of London School, and succeeded his father as city toastmaster. He was a very quiet little man, but like his brother loved a joke, and never failed to put In an appear ance on " first nights" at King William street. The death Is also announced of Edward Laman Blanchard, who fur 35 yean wrote the pantomime or mwml^ as h o preferred to call It, for the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. Blanchard was a member of the Telegraph staff for 24 years, and an out and out Bohemian of the beat and brightest school. Be could remember Edmund Kean and Charles Kemble, to say nothing of Mrs. Orger, Mrs. Glover, and Madame Vestus, and knew all our leading acton and actresses, from Charles Kean, Macraady, and Win. Farxen, the elder, down to Henry Irving and Mary Anderson inti mately. He could talk charmingly of the past, and was till comparatively recently m prized gnest at the Green Room and Savage Clubs. Blanahard died of sheer old ?ge, though bat la his 70th year. Bat then ha lived twice as fast as the modern journalist. Didn't Blanchard write— Many ? ou, both young aad old, ■ Has gone to his sarcophagus Through pouring water icy oold Adown his own oesophagait Frikell, the once-renowned conjuror and prestidMtateur, died, or rather put an end to his life, at Scarborough last week In sad want and suffering. In his prime Frikell had the genuine gift of aletght-of-hand, aa distinguished from the Illusion which depends on apparatus, and was known all over the world as one of the cleverest and most popular magicians. Heller alone, of contemporary enter tainers, surpassed him. Frikell made pots of money during bis career, bat like moat of his cuss he failed to save, conse quently when old age robbed his hand of its cunning, and other and abler conjurors, such as Maakelyne, Ber tram, and Co., opposed him Frikell could not retire from work, but had to slave on, sinking gradually lower and lower. The last stroke of ill-fortune seems to have come at the brilliant Yorkshire watering-place, where the poor old man had been performing for a few nights. Three shillings and some coppen were found on him. With this money was a pathetic scrap of paper. In which the de ceased told how he had struggled with ad versity, laboring In vain to secure engage ments, and complained particularly of a swindling agent who had defrauded him. The writer had reckoned, he added, on the Scarborough engagement to " procure the necessaries of life," and now his manager had decamped without paying him. On the whole, the worn-out old conjuror thought he had better play his last trick, and swallowing a little of that magic potion, laudanum, pass silently In sleep to where beyond these voices there is peace. All " the chapplea" and " dear boys" who have given the Gaiety Theatre Its unique reputation will make a point of being In town next Saturday week, when Nellie Farren, Fred Leslie, Letty Llnd, Marion Hood, & Co. make their reap pearance on the familiar boards for the first tune since their visit "to the land of die golden fleece." It Is sure to be a great, nay an historic occasion, more as the programme will consist of the volatile Leslie's new burlesque, "Roy Bias, or the Blase* Roue," a panning title that almost sets one's teeth on edge. In " The Middleman" Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has at last justified the reputation which his friends have always claimed for him, and produced a thoroughly good all- round play. Whether It will prove as effective aa It Is at the Shaftesbury Theatre when played by a moderate provincial or colonial company 1 shouldn't like to determine. One can hardly fancy WlUard's part In other hands. Suffice It to say the London per formance of "The Middleman" has proved a striking and deserved success, and will fill Mr. Jno. Lart's handsome house for a good year to come. The story comes particularly apropos at this present time of strikes, and on the first night many of Jones's admirable, if somewhat copybooky, sentiments anent the mutual responsibilities of capital and labor were cheered to the echo. Here Is a brief sketch of the plot by "Caradoa":— " Wlllard, let me tell you, represents an old pottering potter, one Cyrus Blenkarn, In the employ of Joseph Chandler, Esq., who, about the time the curtain rises on the play, la addressing the free and In dependent electors of Tatlow, whose votes he wants to send him to Parliament, re minding them that, no matter what might happen to the British Constltooahun, they will find plenty of refreshments In the tent he has put up In bis back garden. The pottery town of Tatlow and Joseph Chandler, £sq, have flourished chiefly through the inventive genius of Cyrus Blenkarn, who, In his enthusiastic devo tion to his art, has neglected bis own interests axd has been the victim of the brain-suckers. He toils night and day for the realisation of his grand Idea— tbe production of a pecaliar glaze which shall enable him to rival some ancient ware, which Is so rare aa to be almost priceless. While he Is toll ing snd dreaming **<■ favorite daughter Mary Is seduced by his employer's son, Captain Julian Chandler, and the dis covery of the terrible truth gives him a new Incentive to work. The artist has labored for love of bis art. Now he will labor for money that he may have the means to work out his revenge upon those who have done him grievous wrong. Julian, It should be said, la quite ready to make reparation to the girl he has betrayed, and would make her his wife but for the determined opposition of his father, who desired an alliance with the family of a poor baronet, whose support he would secure In the coming election. This opposition leads Julian to resort to trickery. He pretends to assent to bis father's wishes, bat being ordered abroad to join his regiment writes from Paris for Mary to meet him there and become his wife. The letter is intercepted and burnt by Chandler pete, and poor Mary, who will ere long become a mother, thlnMng herself deserted as well as betrayed, leaves her home to bide her shame, and Is soon afterwards reported dead. . . . MeanwhUeCyrus Blenkarn tolls on, piles on the coals while his stuck lasts, and when It gives out makes f ael of the chairs and tables. He means to have that secret out of his furnace, and just as he Is smashing the crockery that has brought him only disappointment, and is thinking of beginning all over again, he catches sight of a teapot or something of the sort he has hooked out of the fire. His face brightens; his heart leaps for joy ; he utters a cry of triumph. Eureka! Victory has come at last; he has done the trick; fortune is within bis grasp; revenge Is at hand. Blenkarn's new teapot quickly knocks all other teapots out of the market Rapidly hegrowsrlch, Aa rapidly Joseph Chandler grows poor, and of his old servant whose brains he has used for Ms own aggrandise ment he has to ask employment to pro vide his family with bread. More coals. * Coals of fire' Cyrus used to work out his revenge. He gets some thing of satisfaction oat of these, and bis virtue presently bring its own reward, for Captain Chandler returns from foreign service covered with glory for brave deeds done, and bringing with him a wife In the person of pretty Mary Blenkarn. The old potter's cup of bitterness Is turned Into one of joy foil to the brim and flow iog over, and the curtain f^lta ah njs tflVftw to his arms the beloved daughter for whose locs he has to long and so bitterly grieved." The consummate ease with which Ohlta bob won the Great Yorkshire Stakes on Thursday has brought about a revolution in the Leger betting. Supporters of the favorite are now asked to lay only a Very small shade of odds, and should I'Anson'a crack keep well it is quite possible that next Wednesday even money may be forthcoming on the field. There look like being from eight to ten rumen for great event, but the general impression Is that the Issue will be between Donovan and Ohitabob. A Jew fancy Mr. Lowther'a Workington and the flukey Two Thousand winner, Enthusiast, but the bulk of the public is on tbe fcwo favorites Ominous romors are afloat that Donovan has turned "roarer," but the ring scarcely fitld aa If this were the case. A fine field of 15 contested the rich Champion Breeders' Foal Stakes at Derby on Tuesday, which fell to Lord Calthorpa's beautiful filly Heresy, by Hermit out of Controversy's dam, after a fine race with Mr. Pc la Rue's Dearest and Mr. Hottlds worth's AUoway. The latter started favorite at 7 to 4, whilst 100 to 8 was on offer against tbe winner. In the Peveril of tbe Peak Stakes of 1.000 aova., over one mile, tbe unlucky Helmsley (4 yra., 7 st ), a colt that has been the medium of countless unfortunate plunges, at last rcaocrd to get home tin: ia froat of Woodland, Cheroot, sad seven others. It was nob favorite, bat Bherrard's fol lowen had a bit on at 7to L The Port* land Plate of five furlongs also {ell to a 7 tolcbjuioetaln^WWtt?ker'«FnuioUcan, by Hermit—Vlllafntnna, which beat Mon mnsk, Parga, and «even others. The new aerial In the English Illustrated will be by no lesser person than the Earl of Lytton,and la entitled " The King of Amaals." If I remember rightly " Owen Meredith" once before essayed a novel, and It was not successful. " Hia Other Self," the new " shocker," by Mr. E. J. Goodman, author of " Too Carious" and " Paid In His Own Colo," Is an Ingenious tale of a magic mirror and a selfish *"*.", on similar lines to several of F. Anstey'a whimsical stories. Unfortunately Mr. Goodman has not Mr. Anstey'a lightness of touch, and In con sequence the narrative drags somewhat. It U, however, a readable shilling's worth. Tlllotsons find, as you have found, that the novelist who really goes down best with the average reader of newspaper fiction Is Miss Dora RoasolL She has written I don't koow haw many stories, over a dozen certainly — and time doean't seem to wither nor custom stale her Infinite popularity. Miss Russell's latest serial bears the title of " Jezebel's Friends," and tells the old old story of an unselfish heroine sacrificing her love and marrying a man she hates In order to save an utterly worthless sister's good name. "Roland Oliver," the short tale by Justin McCarthy just published by Spencer Blackett at a shilling, Is quite nnwortby the author of •'Camlola" and " Dear Lady Disdain," and most I should think be an early attempt resurrected from some forgotten drawer. It is the story of a weak, selfish, and generally unworthy husband married, to a noble and baautlf al wife. For some time the latter adores her objectionable spouse and shuts her eyes strenuously to his many vanities and weaknesses, but a fit of mad and senseless jealousy finally reveals the truth. Toe little book Is quite readable, only nob up to Justin McCarthy's ordinary level. Cassells will publish Stevenson's "Master of Ballantrae" In November, and have also In preparation a new story by "Q "(Mr. Couch), entitled."The Splen did Spur, being memories of the adven tures of Mr. Jno. Marvel, a servant of King Charles I," which It is to be hoped will be some improvement on that melan choly piece of .humor "Troy Town." Talking of humor, by-the-way, reminds me of Marshall P. Wilder's " People I've Smiled With." One, not unnaturally perhaps, expected great things from this book. The merry little man who wrote it has again and again made us shout with laughter. This last season. Indeed, he was to be found everywhere. H.R.EL smiled, and Marshall P. Wilder became the fashion. 1 fully anticipated his book would "teem with good stories. It does nothing of the sort. A balder, more uninteresting narra tive I have seldom come across. The few of his yarns Wilder does give us are most depressing. Here are two of the beat. An old darkey whs was fishing had a little plccaninle standing beside him. The small chap somehow managed to stumble and fell Into the foaming tide. The old darkey instantly dived after him, brought the child to land, squeezed him oat, and stood him well In the sun to dry. A clergyman who witnessed the occurrence then came up. " God bless yon, noble fellow," quoth he, " you saved that boy's life." "Well," said the venerable nigger, " I didn't do dat to «aba his life; he had my bait In his pocket." The fol lowing is said to be one of lilonel Brough's yams:—A man was advised by his doctor to take great care of himself. "You must," said the medico, " get to bed early, eat more roast beef, eschew stimulants, go to the seaside, and amok a just one cigar a day or you won't live." A month later patient returns looking better. " Yes, doctor," he said, " I followed your advice to the letter. I went to bed early, ate lumps of roast beef, eschewed lljuar, lived at the seaside, and took great care of myself, but that one cigar a day nearly killed me, for 1 never smoked before." Wilder attributes the following " Irish man's toast to an Englishman " to Farjeon. It runs thus—" Here's to you as good as yon are, and here's to me as bad as I am ; but as good as you are and as bad as I am, I'm as good as you are bad as I am." Proposing the health of the Honorable Edward Everett, a cultured Bostonlan, at the Beefsteak Club some years ago, the artist Story exclaimed, "Here's to learning when Ever-tt grows," upon which Everett Interrupted—" I amend. Here's to learn ing ; whenever It rises It grows, but never above o?ie Story." Really neat, wasn't it ? If you have not already gob it send at once to the nearest bookseller's for Jerome K. Jerome's "Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow." The book is not a new one, in fact the legend " Thirty-fifth edition" on the copy before me shows It must have quietly attained conspicuous success. I confess to having constantly seen it on the bookstalls, but till the same author's " Stegeland" set us all off laughing I never somehow felt curious about " Idle Thoughts." Once one does dip Into this delightful book what treasure-trove one finds. The best paper of all I think Is " On being In love," though those " On memory," *' On being shy," "On being hard op," and "Oa being In the blaea" are also admirable In their way. At times Mr, Jerome's writing reaches a very high level indeed. What, for instance, can be better than the following passage on the subject of melancholy:—" George Eliot speaks somewhere of ' the sadnasa of a summer's evening.' Hew wonderfully true the observation Is! Who li*s not felt the sorrowful enchantment of those lingering sunsets ? The world belongs to melancholy thftTi, a thoughtful, deep eyed maiden who loves not the glare of day. It Is not till ' light thickens and the crow wings to the cocky wood' that she steals forUh. from her groves. Her palace is in twilight land. It is there she meets us. It is there she takes our hand in hers, and walks beside us through her mystic realm. We see no form, but seem to hear the ruafcllng of her wings. Even in the tolling, hum drum dty her spirit comes to us. There Is a sombre presence in each long, dull street; and the dark river creeps ghost- like under the black arches, as if bearing some bidden secret beneath Its muddy waves. In the silent country, where the trees and hedges loom dim and blurred against the rising night, and the bat's wlcg flutters in our face, and the landrail's cry sounds drearily across the fields, the spell sinks deeper In onr hearts. We seem In that hour to be standing by some unseen deathbed, and In the sway ing cf the elms we hear the sigh of dying day, A solemn sadness reigns. A great peace la around us. In its light our cares of tbe working day grow small aad trivial, and bread and cheese —aye, ani even kisses—do not seem the only things worth striving for. Thoughts we cannot speak but only listen to flood in npon as, and standing in the stillness under earth's dark'olng dome we feel that we are greater than oar petty lire*. Hang round with those dusky curtains the world Is no longer a mere dingy workshop, but a stately temple wherein man may worship, atid where at times in the dimness his groping haeds touch God's." Tbe marriage market has a busy time «rhen Udiea increase their obarms by removing the tell tale (fray bain with His. S. A, Allen's Work's Hair Restorer, which never tail*. SSIS3 Advto w HoTHna I—Are yon broken la root re*t bj a dak ?MM •n?erlng with the pals of catting teathi So atopoeto a ohemlrt and got a bottled Has. Wncsunrfe?ooiHnrasnar. U will nliare the pooraufferar immediately. It Is parfsoMy harmlaa andplMawittoauta; Uprodooa* natural qtxlet aleep by rallaviag; aba child bom pain, and aha UMte oharab awake* "ai bright a* a button." Ii soothe* the ohllil, U sottem the (inns, allays an pain, rellere* wind, regulate* the bowels, and U the bert known remedy for dysentery and dlarrhow, whether aiUa; (ron teething or other ouiaa*. Hn. WlndoWi SoMUac; Strap 19 toil r>r tasll.n-ic? Ojtien arsirwtur* at U. itl. trat foo'.s IMaKCTMs 