THEATRE ROYAL. The opening of a new dramatic season at the Theatre Royal will be signalised to-night by the reappearance here of Mr. Chas. Warner and a powerful company in the greatest dramatic success of the year—Henry Pettitt's sensational and picturesque drama entitled " Hindi Across toe Sea," la this production a fall company v engaged, including the old Adelaide favorite HgiAd* Ward (who has not been, hen for several yean past), Mes dames Eliie Sydney, F. Clitherow, NelUe Mortyve, H. Panlton. Daisy Eraser, and Miss Graoie Warner, Messrs. Herbert Fleming, OUy Deerfcg, E. B. Russell, A. G. PonKon, Albert Mann, £. Btemrt, Jan., H. E. Hambroj J, A, Patterson. Brian England, J. Barker, and H, H< Vincent. With Bach a combination, and Mr. B. H. Vinoent as stage manager, we have all the auurance needed that toe pieoe will be staged in a style worthy of the reputation of toe trinmvirate firm who ate now ruling the desti nies of theatrical in Australia. "Hands Acraw the Sea," whioh tan for 10 weeks, in succession in Melbourne, and prodnsed the greatest receipts ever taken in the Theatre Royal there, can only keep the stage in Adelaide for a limited period, as Mr. Vinoent has brought over no less than 400 tons o! aoenery that will be used in a number of pieces to fol low in rapid snocenioa during toe dz weeks' season. As an evidence that Messrs. William son, Gainer, & Mufgrote intend to work the Adelaide theatre ?? the same scale as their other metropolitan honaes they have just incurred toe coat of laying down an entirely new stage—the most complete in Australia. To the un iniated the stage is saerely an ordinary floor, bat to anyone who has seen the model as we had an opportunity of doing at lite end of last week the stage is in itself a complete work of of art. Divided into no less than twenty divisions or "cute," each of whioh ia capable oi carrying eight or ten "traps," it can be imagined the skill Chat is needed in laying it down. There is hardly a square foot in one piece, aiiS worked by elaborate machinery below. " Stir" traps, "grave" baps, "ghost slides," and all torts ot other mechanical aid to spectacular Qhuion are counted within the floor of 73 feet by 43 feet. It is in pantomime especially that these ate needed, and when the next panto mime is produced here sprites and goblins will be seen appearing and disappearing in tbe most mysterious and unearthly fashion, and with a marvellous sapidity that will as tonish the onlookers. Some of these traps and slides are so ingeniously contrived that only one or two mechanists in Australia have the secret of makiofr them, sad tbe present fta?e was designed by Mr. Gafaill, tbe mechanist of our own theatre, with Mr. George Gordon and Mr. Reed, the architect, and the whole was laid dowq by Mr. Trndgeon, tbe contractor, in one week. Mr. Vincent states that the work bag been completed in a highly credit able manner, and as it means the oombinatica of thousands of pieces of kauri pine into one complete mosaic, he regards it as a triumph of stage joinery, and a credit to all who were engaged on the work. The underground con trivances of lifts, drums, and pulleys have yet to be completed, and when this is done and tbe theatre fitted with an Installation of electric light (m it will no doubt be shortly), the Adelaide Theatre will be one of the moat perfect in the cokeies. Mr. Warner pro nosnoe? it to he not only one of the best in Australia, but in aay part of the world for its size, ita lines of tight, and its excellent acoustic propsrtiear Mo doubt the patrons of the theatre will show their appreciation of the efforte to please them which are to be made during the ensuing season by attending in large numbers nightly. 