? ? Such a jjretty home window, and an oldwhich the | The wide green . to a graded walk from i of the house farm land stretched away, where sleek cattle fed. and where big barns waited for the luxuriant crops of hay and grain that filled the wide mows when the haying season was over. Clyde Grange was considered the finest farm m ail the country round, and when the young .master, Wilhs_£3yde, .five_years. Tiefore, brought to it his pretty wife, Milly, people said she was a fortunate woman. But Milly in her lovely home, was not entirely happy. She was young and something Of a dreamer, and still had that oldfashioned notion that husbands ought to be lovers. And Will, though he had been an ardent lover, soon settled down after his marriage to his farm and its duties in a very prosaic way. Pretty brown-haired Milly ! How lovely, how dainty she was, with her pink and white face and her dove-like eyes! And though so young, she was a most capable housekeeper, ana the kindest mistress in the world, as Aunt Dolly, the cook, and Nora, the 6tout Irish housemaid, could both testify. Every room in the rambling old bouse was tastefully arranged, and in- immaculate order. She made charming toilets, too, for Will bought her beautiful clothes. "But, oh, dear f" she thought so often, with tears 'in her pretty eyes, "what is the use of changing my dress at all except formy own fleasure ? Will would never know whether wor^ a satin or à faded Calico gown." - " Tie had bought for her own exclusive use a gentle pony and a pretty dog- cart ; and though hé was never too busy to harness it for her, the careless way he would toss her the'lines afterward made Milly remember, though Will forgot, that the happiness of life, to ôrie .woman at least, was made up of little thipgs. Delightful afternoon teas she gave, sometimes indoors, sometimes on the wide, beautiful lawn. And they were always largely attended, for pretty Mrs. Clyde had hosts of friends at the big hotel and about the village. Other pecrole were not unmindful of her charms it her husband was. And when sometimes at their tennis or croquet Will passed through the yard on liis way to the house or field—Will, with liis broad, handsome shoulders and drooping black moustache—and carelessly touched" his hat to the players, for he knew them all, the tell-tale flush on Milly's cheek, and the sparkle in her soft eyes, showed how proud she was of her farmer husbr -i, Willis Clyde was a handsome man, handsomer far than even aristocratie Neal Hivers, with his six feet of stature, his blonde moustache, and laughing blue eyes that could look so steely, bitterly sarcastic. He and his mother and his Cousin Clare were summering at the hotel. They came early in June when Neal was just recovering from a fever, and looked very much like a longlimbed ghost. Long ago he had grown brown and strong, but he still lingered, though July had gone, and the fieiymouthed tiger lilies had opened their eyes to the blazing August sunshine. It was the day for Longmead picnic ; a slumbrous August day, almost sulphurous with intense heat. The long, dusty road stretched away like a winding white serpent between the green hedges, making even the thought of cool, shadowy woodlands a delight on such a morning. They started at ten o'clock ; Milly, who could not coax Will to go with her, riding with the others in a large van. Neal Rivers drove his Cousin Clare and Madge Winters over in his buggy. How glorious the woods were after that dusty three miles' drive ! They were soon scattered about in the shady grove, looking like tropical birds. Swings flashedthrough the air, with their merry burdens; long tables were spread between the trees, and far back in some cool retreat a band played dreamily. Milly enjoyed it all, but she was abstracted and more than usually quiet. Will could not come with her, and of late she found herself wondering if it was quite the thing for her to go so much without him. Neal Rivers was always with her ; why, she told herself, she really saw more of liim in a week than she saw of her husband. That surely was wrong. But why did he monopolise her so, .when he knew she had a husband ? Perhaps, and she caught her breath quickly, he was flirting with her, as Madge told him the other day he did flirt with every girl, adding that he ought to get a wife and stop such nonsense. And though he laughed, his face flushed as he said rather impatiently,— " If that is my only safeguard, the chances are that I may flirt all my life, for I shall never have a wife." He had a pleasant way of doing things, and she had enjoyed his attentions so much at first, as if he had been her brother ; but now, now she was suspiGious of everything, and flushed and paled if she caught his eyes quite unlike herself. And Madge told him "He was like a restless ghost, and could not keep quiet long enough to enjoy himself or let anybody else do so." After the delicious dinner, Neal proposed that Madge and Milly should row with him across the lake back of the grove, to a little island where some rare ferns grew among the rocks. At first Milly declined, but Madge persisted so earnestly that she reluctantly consented. As it was cooler now, and quite a breeze was blowing, they had a merry, pleasant row. When the boat's keel touched the shore, and Mr. Rivers was already landed, Madge, who was always a careless maiden, found to her dismay that she had lost one of the beautiful bracelets her father had given her only a short time before. Oh," she moaned, " I must go right back and look for it. You go ashore with Mr. Rivera, Milly, and when I find it I will come directly back to you. Don't go for the ferns until 1 come, for I want to go too." " Oh, no, Madge," Milly said, sturdily. " I am going back to help you find your bracelet." " What foolishness, with all that crowd of people to help me, Milly! Please get out—the man can row so much faster without you." But Milly still hesitated. She did not want to go ashore with Mr. Rivers, and her face showed it plainly. "Come," he said, in that masterful way he had, holding out his hand to help her, " Come, little Puritan,"adding with aslightly sarcastic laugh, "there are no bears on the island to devour us while Madge is gone, so do not fear. I have been here before and know every foot of it." And as he saw her vexed, flushed face he laughed again, but she gave him her hand and stepped ashore. They went a little way up the bank, to where a large maple threw its cool shadows, and after Mr. Rivers had arranged Milly's shawl over the stones so as to make a comfortable seat, he threw himself on the grass beside her, fanning himself with his straw hat. They sat thus a good while, not talking much, watching the heat quiver across the lake like molten silver. For the breeze had gone down again, and again that sulphurous heat was everywhere. Light clouds obscured the sun, now and then, and in the west huge "thunder-heads" piled themselves up. . But they took no notice that a shower was coming, one of those sudden downpours that only come in the lurid heat of dogdays. It was two hours by Mr. Rivers' watch, and still no Madge, no boat. " That careless girl has probably forgotten all about us," lie said, rising. The sun was obscured by this .time, and there was a low moaning of wind through the leaves. He looked about hastily, taking in the situation at a glance. How could he have been so careless as to take no heed that a shower was coming? -For even as he looked there was a flash and the first muffled roll of thunder. How white Milly's face grew! Ever since she could remember, she had been frantically afraid in a thunder shower. Even in the safe shelter of her home she sometimes nearly fainted with fright, and now— "To thé boat-house, quick! It is our only shelter," he said, hastily taking her hand. They reached it just as the.first wild torrent of rain dashed down. He made tbe clumsy door fast, -and then went back to where she was standing—for there was nothing to sit down npon but the floor. She put out her hands and caught his aim, hiding her eyes against his sleeve. As lie saw hbw wlnte she was b§ drew bis own breath-hard, put his other arm aronndhei^ and let her lean there. \- Afterward, when - the ocean, rolled Jbe* tween them, the memory of that pure, trusting^ girlish face against his arm was like a shield about him, the whisper of a "peace, be still," to his Btorm4ossed souL It grew very dark in 'the boat-house, lighted only by two small windows at either end; one could scarcely see the length of it. The lightning was appalling, the thunder terrific, and the rain beat and blurred against the windows—and so they waited. Sometimes, when her clasping lingers tightened or she moaned ja little as a louder crash shook their frail refuge, he brushed her hair soothingly, and told her not to tremble so; the worst of it must soon be over, and they could go out again. When at last it was over, the boat came -hack for them.- Theycrossedin safety, and were soon with the others in the overcrowded little cottage near the grove, where they had taken refuge. Milly looked pale and ill from her fnght, and Neal was so quiet that Madge toldhim he " appeared to have fallen upon peace by the wayside," for his restlessness of the morning was ail gone. The carriages came at last, the large van, and Wilson, the coachman, with Mr. Rivers' horse and-buggy. "Madge," Neal said in his authoritative manner, as he came into the hall, " you will ride in the van, and Milly must go in the buggy with Clare ; she is tired." "Nobody else is, "I suppose," Madge answered in a vexed tone. " Milly is made of better flesh and blood than the rest of us." " I know that," he said, "so you are going in tiie van with me,- and Wilson will drive Clare and Milly in the buggy." \ '. And though Milly did not wish it she was too. tired to argue the point, and he had his way. Next day she had a nervous headache, and kept her ro^m until nearly night. The girls .came to see her, Madge chattering like a iniagpie, and pitiedher,^because her"head ached, and told her how " wretchedly dull it had been all day with Neal also sick, or if he was not sick he was cross and stupid, and bad lounged on the piazza all day, not even reading. At night she crept downstairs into the parlour, when Will came in to read his paper, and sat down near him leaning lier head on liis knee. She wanted to tell him of her stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers, because--she thought she ought to, and he had evidëntiy been much worried about her yesterday, knowing how timid she was in a shower. But after he found out there was a house near by where they took refuge, he said no more. So she began at once giving him the outline of the story rapidly and in a low tone ; the row, the lost bracelet, the shower, and her stay in the boat-house with Mr. Rivers while it lasted. When she had finished, she waited with burning cheeks for him to scold her. But Will, who to do him credit, had not heard ten words of what she was saying, nothing but a confused jumble of a boat-house] and ferns, and Madge, said irritably,— " How persistent you are, Milly ! What do I care for those people and their small happenings ? Enjoy yourself with them if you like, but don't expect me to be interested. I want to read now." Yexed and sorrowing she cried herself to sleep wondering why Will did not care about such a thing as that. She sat in the cool porch the next morning shelling peas, when the girls came for her to play tennis. But Milly shook her head resolutely. " No," she said, " a housekeeper has other things to do in the morning than play tennis." We shall have to send Neal for you, then," said Madge. " He charged us not to come back without you." And though Milly felt her cheeks burn, she answered,— "You need not send Mr. Rivers. Why should I go for him more than for you ? " Why, indeed ? But ten minutes later ho sauntered lazily up the walk, put his laughing face in at the door, and said gaily,— "Come Milly, we want you. Don't refuse—we shall be all going in a few weeks, you know, and then you can shell peas all winter." As she ran upstairs to brush her hair and get ready, she thought,— " What is the use ? I may as well go, for as he says, they will soon be gone, all of them, and then I can do penance, and— and—Will doesn't care." After that she never refused to go with her friends anywhere. She walked, rode, went sailing, played games, went to the hops at the hotel to watch the dancers, in short, drifted whichever way the wave carried her; because they wanted her, and because " Will didn't care ! " The night was full of moonlight and the soft chirp of crickets. It was the last hop of the season. To-morrow many were going home, among them Neal Rivers and his mother and Cousin Clare, to sail for Europe. Madge was disconsolate. As she passed Neal on the piazza, he caught her arm. "Hasn't Milly come yet?" he said excitedly. " No," she answered, " I am going now to see why." " Here, give her this." He scrawled a few words on the back of oneof his cards, in the moonlight:— " Come back with Madge. You must say good-by. NEAL" Sooner than he thought possible they came. He stood on the hotel steps waiting for them, his hands crowded into his pockets, his face horribly pale in the moonlight as he looked down upon her face. " Were you not coming ?" " No," wearily. Then he put her hand on his arm, and they walked slowly down the yard into the moonlit garden. Suddenly he turned her about and looked into the piteous white face. " Little wild bird, your heart is stricken, too, because we must be parted—and mine, oh, Heaven, mine is breaking ! " Say good-by, and let me go," she panted. His hand trembled; he gnawed his moustache fiercely. " Milly, I love you," pleadingly. " Go with me over the ocean. You must—you shall! I cannot go without you! I never wanted any other woman for my wife—I •Hill never have any other. With you I can be a good man, without you I shall drift to Hades! Come, come, my darling I He will not care—he is hard and cold. lit a week he will forget he ever had you. In your two small hands you hold my fate— Milly. little brown- haired Milly!" "Milly—little brown-haired Milly!" just what Will had said, with his arms about her, so long ago, in another moonlit garden filled with the soft hum of crickets. Over and over the words rang themselves in her ears,— " I am a plain man, not given to many words, but I love you, Milly, darling, little brown-liaired Milly ! " And woven in somehow with the bars of moonlight Mid the humming crickets were those other words in letters of fire : " What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder ! " Down the garden path she fled like a wounded deer; panting, eager, breathless, she did not stop until she threw herself across the bed in her own room, and fainted dead away. Two days later, when she crept downstairs in the morning sunlight, with her pale, shadowy face, Will, waiting at tbe foot, held out his arms and clasped her to him, awakened at last. 