The Ingoldsby Legends. BY THOMAS. INGOLDSBY, ESQ. -o It is on my own personal reminiscences that I draw for the following story: the scene of its leading event wis most familiar to me in early life. If the principal actor in it be yet living, he must have reached a very advanced age. He was often at the Hall, in my infancy, on professional visits. THE GHOST. TERtE stands a City,-neither large nor small, Its air and situation sweet and pretty; It matters very little-if at all, Whether its denizens are dull or witty, Whether the ladies there are short or tall, Brunettes or blondes, only, there stands a city I Perhaps 'tis also requisite to minute That there's a Castle and a Cobbler in it. A fair Cathedral, too, the story goes, And kings and heroes lie entombed within her; There pious saints in marble pomp repose,C " Whose shrines are worn by knees of many a sinner; There, too, full many an uldermanic nose Roll'd its loud diapason after dinner; And there stood high the holy sconce of Becket, -Till four assassins came from France to crack it. The castle was a huge and antique mound, Proof against all th' artillery of the quiver, Ere those abominable guns were found, To send cold lead through gallant warrior's liver. It stands upon a gently rising ground, Sloping down gradually to the river, Resembling (to compare great things with smaller) A well-scooped, mouldy Stilton cheese-but taller. The Keep, 1 hear, 's been sadly altered lately, And 'stead of mail-clad knights, of honour jealous, In martial panoply so grand and stately, Its walls are filled with money-making follows, And stuff'd, unless I'm misinformed greatly, With leaden pipes, and coke, and coals, and bellows ; In short, so great a change has come to pass, 'Tis now it manufactory of Gas. But to my tale.-Before this profanation, And ere its ancient' glories were cut ehort all, A poor hard-working Cobbler took his station In a small house just opposite the portal; His birth, his parentage, and education, I know but little of-a strange odd mortal; His aspect air and gait, were all ridiculous ; His name was Mason-he'd been christened Nieholase. Nick had a wife possessed of many a charm, And of the Lady Huntingdon persuasion ; But spite of all her piety, her arm She'd sometimes exercise when in a passion ; And, being of a temper somewhat warm, Would now and then seize, upon small occasion, A stick, or stool, or anything that round did lie, And baste her lord and master most, con. foundedly. No matter I- tie a thing that's not uncommon, 'Tis what we have all heard, and most have read of I menu, a bruising pugilistic women, Such as I own I entertain a'dread of, -And so did Nick, whom sometimes there would come on A sort of fear his spouse might knock his head off, Demolish half his teeth, or drive a rib in, She shone so much in facers and in fibbing. " There's time and place for all things," said a sage, (King Solomon, I think,) and this I can say, Within a well-roped ring, or on a stage, Boxing may be a very pretty Fancy, When Messrs. Burke or Bendigo engago ; -'Tis not so well in Suean,Jane or Nancy : To get well mill'd by any one's ain evil,.... But by a lady-'tis the very Devil. And so thought Nicholas, whose only trouble (At least his worst) was this his rib's propensity ; For sometimes from the alehouse he would hobble. His senses lost in a sublime immensity Of cogitation-then lhe couldn't cobble, And then his wife would often try the density Of his poor skull, and strike with all her might, As fast as kitchen-wenches strike a light. Mason, meek soul, who ever hated strife, Of this same striking had the utmost dread, He hated it like poison-or his wife A vast antipathy !-but so he said And very often for a quiet life, On these occasions he'd sneak up to bed, Grope darkling in, and, soon as ao the door He heard his lady-he'd pretend to snore. One night, then, ever partial to society, Nick, with a frieud (another jovial fellow), Went to a Club-I should have said Society At the "City Arms," once called the Porto Bello ; A Spouting party, which, though some decry it, I Consider no bad lounge when one is mellow ; There they discuss the tax on salt and leather, And change of ministers and change of weatther. In short, it was a kind of British Forum, Like John Gale Jones's, erst in Piccadilly, Only they managed things with more decorum, And the Orations were not quite so silly Far different questionEs, too, would come before 'em, Not alwnays Politics, which, will ye nill ye, Their Londond prototypee were alvways willing To give one ptantut stq1. of-for a shilling. It more resembled one of later date, And tenfold talent, as I'm told, in Bow Street, Where kindlier-natured souls do congregate; Antd, though there are who deem that same a low street, Yet I'm assutred, for frolicsome debate And genuine humour it's surpassed by no street, Whent the "Chief Baron "enters, and assumes To "rtrule" o'er mimic "Thesigers" and "Broughams." Here they would oftforget their Rulers' faults, And waste in ancienst lore the midnight taper Inquire if Orpheus first produced the Waltz, How Gtaslights differ from the Delphic Vapour, Whether Bippocrates gave Glauber's Salts, And rwhat the Romans wrote on ere they d paper Thlis night the subject of their disquisitions Was Ghosts, Hobgoblius, Sprites, and Appari tions. One learned gentleman, "a sage grave man," Talk'd of the Ghost in Hamlet, "sheath'd in steel" His well-read friend, nwho next to speak began, Said, "'That was Poetry, and nothing real; " A third, of ,more extensive learning, ran To Sir George Villiers' Ghost, and drs. Veal; Of sheeted Spectres spoke with shorten'd breath, And thrice he quoted Drelincourt on Death. Nick smoked, and smoked, and trembled as he hIeard The point discuss'd, and all they said upon it, Howe, frequently, some murder'd man ap pea 'd, To tell his wife and children wrho had done it; Or howe a miser's gihost, with griesly beard, And pale lean visagOe, in an old Scotch bonnet, Wander'd aboust to watchl his buried money; When all at once Nick lheard tihe clock strike One--he Sprang firom his seat, not doubting but a lecture Impended from his fond andt faithful She; Nor could be well to pardon him expect her, For he had promised to come home to tea; But having luckily the key o' the back door, He fondly hoped that, unperceived, ihe BIight creep upstairs again, pretend to doze, And hoax his spouse with music from hiis nose. Vain, fruitless hope !--The weary sentinel At eve may overlook the crouching foe, Till, ere his haInd can sound the alarusm-bell, lie sinks beneath the unexpected blow; Before the whistkers of Grimalkin fell, When Eslumb'rig on her post, the mouse may go But woman, wakeful woman, 's never wearyg, -Above ali, when the rails to thump her Soon Mrs. Mason heard the well-known tread; She heard the key slow creaking in the door, Spied, through the gloom obscure,towards the bed Nick creeping soft, as oft he had crept before; When, bang, she threw a something at his head, And Nick at once lay prostrate on the floor; While she exclaimed, with her indignant face on- " How dare you use your wife so, Mr. Mason ?" Spare we to tell how fiercely she debated, Especially the length of her oration Spare we to tell how Nick expcostulated, Ioused by the bump into a good set pas sion, So great, that more than once he execrated, Ere he crawl'd into bed in his usual fashion ; -The Muses hate brawls; suffice it then to say, He duck'd below the clothes--and'there he lay I 'Twas now thle very witching time of night, When chucrchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead, And many a mischievous, enfranchised sprite Had long since burst his bonds of stone or lead, And hurried off, with schoolboy-like delight, To play his pranks near some poor wretch's bed, Sleeping, perhaps serenely as n porpoise, Nor dreaming of this fiendish Habeas Corpsr. Not so our Nicholas : his meditations Still to the same tremendous theme re curred, The same dread subject of the dark narra tions, Which, back'd with such authority, he'd heard : Lost in his own horrific contemplations, He ponder'd o'er each well-renemmbered word; When at the bed's foot, close beside the post, He verily believed he saw-a Ghost I Plain, and more plain, the unsubstantial sprite To his astonish'd gaze each moment grew; Ghastly and gaunt, it rear'd its shadowy height; Of more than mortal seemning to the view, And round its long, thin, bony fingers drew A tatter'd wiuding-sheet, of course all white; The moon that moment peeping through a cloud, Nick very plainly saw it througlh the shroud? And now those matted locks, which never yet Had yielded to the comb's unkind divorce, Their long-contracted amity forget, And spring asunder with elastic force; Nay, e'ea the very cap, of texture coarse, Whose ruby cincture crown'd that brow of jet, Uprose in agony-the Gorgon's head ' Was but a type of Nick's up-squating in the bed. From every pore distill'd a clammy dew, Quaked every limb-the candle, too, no doubt, En regle, would have burnt extremely blue;. But Nick unluckily had put it out ; And h,', though naturally bold and itout, In short, was in a most tremendous stew ; The room was fill'd with a sulphureous smell; But where that came from Mason could not tell. All motionless the Spectre stood-and now Its rev'rend form more clearly shone confest, From the pale cheek a beard of purest snow Descended o'er its venerable breast; The thin grey hairs, that crown'd its furrow'd brow, Told of years long gone by.-An awful guest It stood, and with an action of commaind, Beckon'd the Cobbler with its wan right hand. "Wihence, and what art thou, Execrable Shapes?" ' xrb Nick might have cried, could he hove found a tongue, But his distended jaws could only gape? And not a sounid upon the' welkin rucsg : Hii gooseberry orbs seedi'd as they would have sprung Forth from their sockets-like a frighten'd Ape He sat upon his haunches, holt upright, Anid shook, and grinn'd, and chatter'd with. affright. And still the shadowy finger, lone and lean, Now beckon'd Nick, now pointed to the door; . . And many an ireful glance; and frown, be tween, . The angry visage of the Phantom •wore, As if quite vex'd that Nick would do'no more Than stare, without e'en asking, "What d'ye mean ?" Because, as we are told-a sad old joke, teo-. Ghosts, like the ladies, never speak till spoke to. Cowards, 'tie said, in certain situations, Derive a sort of courage from despair, And then perform, from downright desperas tion, Much more than many a bolder man would dare. Nick saw. the Ghost was getting in a passion, And therefore groping till he found the chair, Seiz'd on his awl, crept softly out of bed, And follow'd quaking where the Spectre led. And down the winding stair, with noiseless tread, The tenant of the tomb pass'd slowly on, Each mazy turning of the humble shed Seem'd to his step at once familiar grown, So safe and sure the labyrinth did he tread As though the domicile had been his own, Though Nick himself, in passing through the shop, Had almost broke his nose against the mop. Despite its wooden bolt, with jarring sound, The door upon its hinges open flew; And forth the Spiri issuced-yet around It turn'd, as if its follower's feare it knew, And, once more beckoning, pointed to the Smound, The antique keep, on which the bright moont threw With such effulgence her mild silvery gleam, The visionary form seem'd melting in her beam. Beneath a pond'rous archway's sombre shade, Where once the huge portcullis Swung sub lime, MIid ivied battlements in ruin laid, Sole, sad memorials of the olden t;me, The Phantom held its way-and though afraid Even of the owls that sung tieir vesper chimen Pale Nicholas pursued, its steps attendinig, And wondering what on earth it all woauld end in. Within the mouldering fabric's deep recess At length they reach a court obscure and lone It eem'd a drear and desolate wildernese, The blacken'd walls with ivy all o'ergrcwn; The night-bird shriek'd her note of wild dis tress. Disturb'd upon her solitary throne, As though indignanit mortal step should dare, So led, at such an hour, to venture there ! -The Apparition paused, and would have spoke, Pointing to what Nick thought an iron ring, Btit then a neighbouring chanticleer awoke, And loudly 'gan his early matins sing; And then ''it startedtC like a guilty thing," As his shrill clarion the silence broke. -'Tis known how much dead gentlefalks eschew The appalling sound of " Cock-a-doodle-do! " The vision was no more-and Nick alone " His streameraswaving" in the midnight wiud, Which throughl tile ruins ceased not to groan; -His garment, too, was somewhat short behind And, worst of all, he knew not where to find The ring-which made him most his fiate bemoan The iron ring-no doubt of some trap-door, 'Neath which the old dead miser kept his store. "What's to be done?" he cried; "'Twere vain to stay Here in the dark without a sing:e clue. Oh, for a candle nsiw, or moonlight may I 'Fore George, I'm vastly puzzled what to do," (Then clapp'd his hand behind)-" 'Tis chilly, too I'll mark the spot, and come again by day. What can I mark it by ?--Oh, here's the wall The mortar's yielding-here I'll stick my awl !" Then rose from earth to sky a withering shriek, A loud, a long-protracted note of woe, Such as when tempests roar, and timbers creak, And o'er the side the masts in thuntdergo ; While on the deck resistless billows break, And drag their victims to the gulfs below; Such was the scream when, for the want of candle, Nick Mason:drove his awl in un tbthe handle. Seared by his Lady's heart-appalling cry, Vanish'd ar, once poor Mason's golden dream For dream it ,as ; and all his visions high, Of wealth and grandeur, fled before that scream- And still he listens with averted eye, When gibing neiehbours make 'the Ghost" their theme ; While ever from that hour they all declare That Mrs. Mason used a cushion in her chair? Cnfound not, I beseech thee, reader, the subject f the following monody with the hap less hera cf the tea-urn, Cupid, of "Yow Yow"-ing memory. Tray was an attached and sincere friend of many years' standing. Most people worth loving have had a mute favourite or two of this kind ; Lord Byron says he " never had but one, and here he (the dog, net the nobleman) lies !" THE CYNOTAPH. Poor Tray charnmnt ! rPoor Tray de moran lal ! Dog-bury and Vergers. On ! where shall I bury my poor dog Tray, Nowhis fleeting breath has passed away ? Seventeen years, I can venture to say. Have I seen him gambol, and frolic, aul play, Evermore happy, and frisky, and gay, As though every one of his months wes waMay, And the whole of his life one long holiday Now he's a lifeless lump of clay, Oh ! where shall I bury my faithful Triy ? Inm almost tempted to think it hard That it may not be there, in yon sunny churchyard, Where the green willows wave O'er the penceful grave, Which holds all that once was honeset and . brave, Kind, and courteous, and faithful, and true; Qnualities, Tray, that were founld i you,. But it may not be-you esacred ground, By holiest feelings fenced around, lMay ne'er'within its hallowed bound Receive the dust of a soul-less hound. I would not place him in yonder fane, Where the mid-day sun through the storied pane Throws on the pavement a crimson stain; Where the banners of chivalry heavily swing ' O'er the'pinnacled tomb of the.Wairrior King, With helmet and shield, and all that sort 'of thing. No !--come what may, Mly gencle Tray' Shan't be an intruder on bluffl Harry Tudo r, Or panoplied monarchs yet e?irlier amd rudier Whom you see on their back, ':In stoiae or isu wa, Though the Sacristans now are "forbidden to For _wnt Mr. :Hum:'e calls "a seiindalous While the Chartists insist they've i ?ight to \-- go sicks- " No!-Tray's humble tomb would look but shlbby '?id the seulptured shrines of that gorgeous Abbey. Besides, in the place' They say there's not space To bury ivhat wet-nurses call' ". Babby." Even "Rreo Ben Jousoi," that famoas waight, I am told, is interr'd there bolt upright, In just such a posture, beneath his bust, As Tray used to sit in to beg for'a crust. The epitaph, too, Would scarcely do: For what could it say, but, "Hei'e lies Tray, A very goodsort of a dog in his dayl " And satirical folks might be apt to imagine it Meant as at quiz on the House of Plhintgenet. No ! no !-The Abbey may do very well For a feudal "Nob," or poetical "Swell," " Crusaders," or "Poets," or ' Knights of St. John," . Or Knights'of St: John's Wood, who last year went on To the Hastle of 1oor Ieorr H1rtgliton?r., Count Fiddle-fumikin, and Lord Fiddlefiiddle, "Sir Craven," Sir Gael," and "Sir Campbell a.'bf Saddell," (Who, as Mr. Hook said, when he heard of the :.,' feat, SWas omehow knock'd out of his family sent;"' ) The Esquires of the body To my Lord Tominoddy; `"Sir Fairlie,"'."Sir Lamb," _ .Aa'nd the "Knight of the Ram," The "Kniight of the Rose," aed the." Knight of the Dragon," " Who, eafe at the flagon, And prog in the "waggon, The niewspipers tell us did little to "brag on ;" And more, through tlhe Muse knowvs bu.little concerning 'em, "Sir Hopkins," "Sir Popkiuns" "Sir Gage," and ':Sir Jerninghiiok.'" All Pi eue Chcialiers, in friendly rivalry. Who shodild best bring back,the glory of Chi Va0r3h. . \--(Prey be so good, for: thfe ake of my song, To pronounce here the anti-peiitltimate long; Or some hyper-citio, will certinily cry, ",The word ' Chivairy' is but i ' rhyme to the, eye And I own it is clear A fastidious. ear.. Will ble, imore or less, 'alirays iaulyyed witha you when you inseit any rhyme that i'sot perfectly genuille. . As toi,pleasingi the, '' eye," .'Tisn't worth S while to. try, . Since. Moore .and Torn Campbell, themselves admit ' spinach,. Is perfectly, sitiphonetic to "Greenwich.") Bot stay !-I say ! Let me pause owhile I may- This digr.ession is leadiug me sadly astray. From my object-A! grave for my poof dog Tray ! . I avocid not plac him boaeath thy walls, Ancd proud o'ershado'ving deme, St. Paul's I Though I've alitways consider'd Sir Christopher Wren,. As an riehitect, one of the greatest of men; And, tolkina of Epitaphs-mnuch I adlmire his, Ci, O'lucasueice, si lonumentun i'reqtiris; " lhidh ;n erudite Verger translatedl to me, "Ii you asik for his monument, Sil'-come-spy see I--" No!-I should not know where To place him there; I would not have him by surly Johnson be; Or that Queer-looking horse that is rolling on Ponsonby Or those ugly minses The sister SphIynes, Mii'di creatures, half lady, half lionees, ergo, (Denon eays), thb emblems of Leo and Vifa ; On one of the backs of which siogular jumble, Sir Railph Abercromnbie is going to tumble, With a thump which alone were enough to I despatch him, If the Scotchman in front shouldu'b happen to catch him. No ! I'd niot havi him ithere- nor nearer the Sdoor,. Where .the Mana nd the Angel have got Sir John Moore,*' And are quietly letting him down through the floor, Near Gillespie, tlhe one who escaped, at Vollore, Alone from.the row; Neither he, nor Lord ,Howe .,. Would like to be plagued with a little Bow No, Tray, wemust yield, And go further a-field ;.. Tollay you by. Nelson were downright effron tr'y ; -We'll be off from thie City, and look at the count y. SIn tie autumn of 1n2, Cptain n Mcdwin having hinted tllt certmin bimutiful lines oan the burial of this gllent officer might have Bee the production of Lord Bylon'i s use, the ltlo Ilr. ltydnuoy Taylor, asomewhit itnllign.'tly," cisimed them aor their rigltul ownirl, tlue lcite loi. Chba. Wosfe. During time eonltrovarey a thiirdl elaimanmt sdtartei up in the pleroll of a aoi-elie:ac "laectr Marhlel," who turned ot to t e a Durlh am blackslithed his pre tensions a hoax. It was then tlhat a certain "Dioctor 'Peplercoa" put forth his prtcensiois, to whalt he averred was the oaly "true and original" 'euiao, viz. : Nct a soer chd he goda-not a uineam or eote, Aiild li loo'di eonefoaedeIdly fleirried, As ha boled ewssy sitot a:yig his shot, And the Leddhaly after hiisb huirrcd. e ('sa him again at dea'i of eihl, Whtn honmo rom til elub returning ; W'e twigg'd the Dactor bcecathm the lihlut Of thie gaslamp brilliatly burning. All bare, and espoesed I t he tuahaight decws, Ilccilncd ill tele plttclr wea feleid hinla: Ad lie lol:'d lil:c . cntl ln:e l tiaking a snooze, "iThe Doctor's as ldrunk as the d--," we said, And see aneuiagedashitter tseolTeWe; We raisd lia, sod igelld Lat tie thughilt thlat his haead Would " consumedly achle" onl thie morrow. We here linl home, and we ieet ]lnl to Ibel, And ws tolt his sif anlle d hi dlaghiter To give hili, ilext morning, a couPle of red Ilerrings, withi soda-water. Loudly they tubke of his money that's gone, Ahel lish Lady begets to ulhrtaid hima; But 1 little reck'd, so tlhey let him esore on 'Neathl thnecoueterlaee juLst as we laid him. c tueeie'dlhia iia, anclel hlhadly dlone Whlen. bicnathl the sindow calling. We ihc:d the roughl voic of a cion of a guci 01- sewntcliueac "Ole o'clocak1" lawalig. Slowly and asdly wee all walked el?wn Froen hits rora il thle Uelelreist storey; A rietlllm se iclarcd oi the col leartlh-stone, And oe h.fl hibi eleeo in his glory. Ath It shall not be there, In that sepulchred Equarp, Where folks are interr'd for the sake of the air, (Though, pay but the dues, they could hardly refuse To Tray what they grant to Thugge, and Ilin \- does, Turks,'lufidela, Heretics, Jumeiers, and Jews), Where the tombstones are placed In the very best taste, At the feet and the head Of the elegant Dead, And no one's received who's not "buried in lead; " For, there lie the bones of Deputy Jones, Whoea the widow's tears, and the orphan's groans AIfected as much as they do the otones Hli executors laid e'. the Deputy's bones; Little rest, poor knave ! Would he have in his grave ; Since Spilits, 'tis plain, Are sent back again, To roam round their bodies-the bad ones ill Dragging after them sometimes a heavy jack chain;" Whenever they met, alarm'd hy its cronne, his Ghost all ;night long would be barking at Jones's. Nur- shall he be laid By that eross Old Maid, Biss Penelope Bird--f whom it is said All the dogs in the Parish were always afraid. He must not be placed By one so strait laced In her temper, her taste, and her morals, and waist. For 'tis said, when she went up. to heaven, and St. Peter, Who happened to meet her, Came forward 'to greet her, She pursed up with scorn every vinegar feas ture, And baedo him " Get out for a horrid Male Creature ! " So the Saint, after looking as.if he could eat her, Not knowing, perhaps, very well how to treat her, And not being willing-or able-to beat her, Sent her back to her grave till her temper grew sweeter, With an epithet swhich I decline to repeat here. No-if Tray were interr'd By. Penelope . Bird, . No dog would be o'er-so, be-c whelp "ad tnlid be-" aur"red All the night long lher cantankerous Sprite" WYould be running about" in the pale mooi :light, Chasing him round; and attempting.to lick" The ghost of poor Tra y. with a ghost of a stick. Stay!~let meee !i--- Ay--ere it shall be At the root of this gnarled and time-worn tree, Where Tnaiy anid I 1 iWould often lie,' And weitch the light clouds as they floated by In the broadl expause of the clear blue sky;: I When the sun was bidding the world good-bye ; And the plaintive Nightingale, warbling nigh, Poured forth her mournful melody; hWhile the tender Wood-pigeou's cooing cry Has made me say to myself, with a sigh, "How nice you would eat,with. a steak in a pie!" Ay, here it shall be !--far, far from the view Of the noisy worldanhd its maddeaing crew. Simple aad few,. Tender and true The lines o'er his grave.-Thoy have, some of them, too, The advantage of being remarkably new. Aflietiaon sore Long time he bore, Physicians were in vain!-- " G?rown blind, alas I he'd Some Prussic . Aeid, And that put him out of his pain ! lios ego versiculos feci, tulit alter honoree. , VInoRL. I wrote the lines-* * oirned them-he told storics ! Tnonaas INaoLnsnr. 