Live within my income ? Very much I doubt it. What I'd like to know is How to live without it. " Don't go into the drawingroom, Maggie ; the minister is there." "How do you know ?" inquired his little -sister. "Can't you hear ma talking ? She has got her Sunday voice on." The coal-man he whistled a melody gay, And he fixed up the scales in afanciful way, And he nodded and smiled while he carolled this way, " As we journey through life let us live by the weigh." A recent song is entitled " The old church bell." The young church belle, however, will continue to boss the choir. You'll find it true if you'll observe, Although the finding out may pain ye, 'Tis sometimes hard to draw the line 'Twixt larceny and kleptomania. A farmer who finds it impossible to get his boys to chop the wood for the family, says that he is actually ashamed of their axe shuns. "Ah I yes," sighed a lady, " John has been a good husband to me." "I thought you separated years ago." " We did. But he is always so prompt with the alimony." An Irish editor says, " The aim of capital punishment should be to reform the crimi nal." A girl may not see much in her sweetheart to laugh at, but his moustache is pretty sure to tickle her. The steed that's rusted in the traces Can ne'er be trusted in the races. He-"Is your will very strong ?" She "Not if I am kissed against it." "Yes," said Mrs. Partington, "I'm mighty afraid of ghosts, but I keep them away from me by wearing and omelet round my neck." Stranger--" Kissing sociables ! What are they 2" Rural belle-" Thep are never held except to raise money for some religious or charit able:object. A young man is blindfolded, and on the payment of a fixed sum some girl, whom he doesn't know, of course, is brought up to him and he is allowed to kiss her. He never finds out whom he has kissed; butby paying enough he can finally kiss every girl in the room. So, you see, he gets the one he wants, but he never can tell which it was." S" I see. Is r there much activity in re ligious and benevolent circles in a town like this ?" "Yes, indeed. It just keeps every one of us busy hunting up objects to hold sociables for." Passin-" By the way, Furnsite, how did Buskin's new drama go last night ? Of course, you were there ?" Fursnite-" Oh, it was great. At the end of the second act half of the audience was crying." Passin-" You don't say so. Because the play or the act. ing was so powerful?" Fursnite-" Neither I Because they couldn't get their money back." Said Paddleford to his wife on the way back from the museum-" I am firmly con vinced that women have innate, natural, constitutional love for the horrible." "Good thing for you," she retorted, " or you might have been a bachelor to your dying day." Several Irishmen were disputing one day about the invincibility of their respective powers, when one of.themremarked-"Faith, I'm a' brick." "And I am a bricklayer," said another, giving the first speaker a blow that brought him to the ground. Mr. B.-" My dear Mrs. Croesus, may I not put your name down for tickets to Prof. Pundit's course of lectures on Buddhism ?" Mrs. C;--" Oh, by all means. You know how passionately fond I am of flowers." "Fencing," says a sporting journal, "is one of the most enjoyable of athletic sports." Maybe it is. Still there are some exceptions, one would imagine. For instance, if it were a ten acre lot that was to be fenced, and one had tdo' split the rails. Waiter (gorgeouisly attired, to yQung lady at ball)--" May I have ze pliseer to----" Young lady-" Well, really, my pro gramme is nearly full, but--" Waiter-" To bring ze cup of ze coffee 7" Young lady.(discovering his identity) "Certainly, stupid." Mr. De Style-" Why, my dear, I'm glad to see you so composed, When I. left this mor`ning you were weeping and wailing and tearing younhair, because Fido was sick." Mrs. De Style-" Well, you see, just after you left, Mrs. Tiptop came in and told me that dogs of Fido's breed were going out of fashion. So I dried my tears and kicked him out." A woman always seems to wear the largest hat she can find at night; a man wants the largest hat he can get in the morning Brown--"I hear, Inksby, that you lost money on your last novel." Inksby-" Yes; but I made it up writing criticisms against it for.daily papers." It is a wise child that goes out of the room to laugh when the old man mashes his thumb. " No, sir, you will never get anything out of me for that stuff, you can take my word for it." "Yes, confound it.l but that's just what I don't want to take." A police sergeant has been reprimanded for obtaining votes on behalf of an unsuc cessful Williamstown candidate. Had the candidate' gained the day, that sergeant would probably have been made an in spector. 