MISS EYON, OF EYON COURT. By KATHARINE S. MAOQUOID, Author of -'Patty," "At the Red Glove," "The Evil Eye," " Wild as a Hawk," &o;» (Published bj special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. Chapter I.—(Continued ) Miss Eyon sat before a leather-topped writing-table, It had a doable row of pigeon-holes along the back and a little brass rail fenced In the sides. The only way of approaching her closely was from the right aide of her chair, a huge fender guarded the other; and now, as if she feared a repetition of Marjorle's proffered greeting, Miss Eyon turned her back on the undefended spot. She pointed to a chair placed at the edge of the hearth rug, just in front of the fire. Marjorie'a cheeks tingled after her drive through the keen air, and she looked about for a hand screen. Once more the keen blue eyes seemed to be mocking her fruitless search. Maijorle sat down before the blaze and submitted to her aunt's silent scrutiny. Miss Eyon held up a pair of gold rimmed eye glasses that hung from her neck by a black ribbon, and gazed at Marjorie without any change of expres sion. Then she rang a bell that stood on her writing-table. "Hannah," she said, when the woman opened the door without any noise, " MIbb Marjorie will go to her room, and at seven o'clock you will bring her to the dining-parlor." Marjorie felt Inclined to dance as she followed Hannah. Instead of going back along the gallery the woman went up three steps on the left which the girl had not previously noticed beyond the baize door. Opening another door she led Mar jorie into a much longer gallery than the first, high and narrow, with only a flicker ing light at its further end. Marjorie saw that this light came from a half opened door. Hannah silently held the door open for her, and Bhe passed into her bedroom. A cheerful fire in a good-sized grate and a pair of lighted candles on a muslin-covered toilet-table gave at first sight a cheerful aspect to the room; a gloomy-looking mirror in a black frame, and beBlde it a huge dark wardrobe, damped Marjorle's joy at her escape from investigations. She shivered a little. Still it was a relief to see on the farther side of the room a modern brass bedstead without hangings, and some ordinary bed room chairs. " Ah'll fetch you when dinner'd served." Hannah looked hard at her, and Marjorie was able for the first time to see her guide's face. It was thin and not in any way remarkable. A long nose and a pair of dark, sunken eyes gave a look of shrewdness, but Marjorie's attention was chiefly caught by the long- armed, angular figure and its stiff movements. "Can't you stay, Hannah?" the girl said. "I want you to unpack my trunk, please." "Then Ah must hev your keys, ma'am." The voice was not unmusical, but Mar jorie thought the woman was staying against her will. Hannah went down on her knees before the trunk and began to remove the paper wrappings; she gave a suppressed grunt at the Bight of two dainty evening gowns that lay at the top of the trunk. Marjorie was taking things out of her bag. "Don't you like my gowns, Hannah? I thought you would admire them." "They're well enough, ma'am, no doubt; but I donnut understand such fripperies. I was thinkin' o'c' waste. You'll find no use for them at Eyon Court, ma'am." The girl laughed so heartily that Hannah shook her head and frowned. " Now, Hannah, I have always heard that Aunt Louisa was a beauty. I am sure she used to wear smart gowns when she was young, and she'll like to see me in them—of conrse she will. I shall never be a beauty, but for all that I shall make myself look as nice as poB9ible " She looked very winning as she said this. " My mlstresB always wears black, ma'am——" " Of conrse, and very proper, too. If old women only knew how gay colors jar with their faded skin3 they would always wear black or white. Tell me, I want to know whether my great aunt was not very handsome. It is so strange she has never married." Hannah had been unpacking and placing various articles on the trays of the wardrobe. She turned round a reproving face. "MIbb Eyon is my mistress, ma'am " •'Well—but I'm not asking yon to tell any tales," you old [goose, Marjorie said to herself. '11 am sure she must have been very handsome from what I've heard." Hannah gave a quick look of enquiry and then became graver than before. "Is there not a plctnre of her somewhere ?" the girl went on, " there surely must be. Ab, well, I shall explore the honse to morrow, and then I shall find out." " There is a picture of Miss Eyon," Hannah spake slowly, "bat you would not find it yoarsel', ma'am; it lies In t'barred room, and that Is in t'next gallery. Ah'll mebbe show It ye, ma'am, one day." She went away hurriedly. While the girl was dressing she thought over Han nah's words. " Another gallery, is there. I suppose the honBe Is square. Well, I shall see to-morrow." When she was ready she looked at her watch—only half past six. Another box which held her books and her other pos sessions had not been bronght to her room, there was not so much as a print hanging against the walls which she could fill up time by looking at. Marjorie felt unwil ling to go back to her aunt, and the old lady evldenty did not want her till dinner time, but the novelty of everything and the stir which this important change in her life had caused made the girl feel too excited to Bit still and wait for Hannah's retnrn. "I might as well find the 'barred room,' as she calls it, and see the picture ; there can't be any ghosts about yet." Her dark blue eyes were dancing with mischief as she took up one of the candles from the dressing-table. 