Our Christmas Ghosts. Who does not regret that young Mamillius never told that story of ' sprites and goblins' which his mother Hermione was so anxious to hear'? Who i* not sure that it would have curdled his blood most delight fully, aud made each particular bail to stand on end, and given him that charming feeling of ' creepiness' up (and down) the spine, which a first rate ghost-story is warranted to pro duce ? If you remember, it was to be pi so awesome a nature that the boy declated he must ' tell it softly,' so that ' the crickets should not hear it,' and, no doubt, its opening promised well. ' There was a man dwelt by a churchyard' — a fine mysterious open ing ! suggesting possibilities of adven tures with ghouls, ogres, fleshless spectres, and other uncauny inhabitants of the ghost world ; of desecrated graves and horrible crimes ! Bat, alas, young Mamillius j;ever advanced beyond this point, ' There was a man dwelt by a churchyard' — this we know, and nothing nioie. The story teller did not get nearly so far as that other and older raconteur who left half told ' the story of Carnbuscan bold,' or Keats with his ' Hyperiou,' or Coleridge with his ' Christabel ;'' aud the literature of ghosts waais what would probably have been its finest and most thrilling chapter. Every sensible person laments that Squire Hardcahtle never told (for the world's benefit) that ' story of ould Grouse in the gun room' at which Diggory had been laughing ' these 20 years.' We have the squire's own assurance that the story was ?' a good one ; ' but we wouid infinitely rather h^ve had the story of young Mamillius. Like the unfinished window in Aladdin's palace, however, unfinished it. must remniu. Bash hands have pssaye'l, it is true, to solve ' the Mystery of Edwin Drood ; ' but the story which a Shakspeare began only a Skakspeare could complete. ' There was a niau dwelt by a churchyard.1' Well, in a certain sense, each one of us ' dwells by a churchyard' — the churchyard, the hallowed ground, in which are gathered together the green grave-; of the past. Alas, the number of these graves ! Ah, there's the pity of it ! As Christ mas follows Christmas to that bourne from which no Christmasses return, how fast they multiply, until on look ing backward, we can see nothing but the wan white memorial-stones, which mark the last resting-places of the vanished hope, the crushed ambition, the lost friendship, the betrayed trust. Every week, every day, adds to the tale of our dead ; lengthens out the record of our chequered memories. If Mamillius had finished his story, it would never have had for us the pathos of that sa-l eventful narrative which each mac's own particular churchyard whispers in his ears — tells ' softly' — for it is one which ' the crickets should not hear,' which concerns himself alone. As men must work, though women may weep, we most of us keep the gates locked, so to speak, and the churchyard is still enough throughout the year ; but now and again, as at Christmas time, the departed rise from their graves and through the opeu gates troop in among us to remind us of what has been. These are our Christmas ghosts which the meanest have at their command as fully as the oldest of old families, with their traditional time-honored spectres aud i mysterious visitants, who make night hideous for timid housemaids or un courteously disturb the repose of strangr.r-gnests. Our Christmas ghosts ! These come to us once a year at least, j and every yeat the company grows larger ; bat' the faces of the elder j cnniPi-R are less clear of feature, and their forms more shadowy ; and by a ' merciful provision of Providence, we look upon them with increasing composure, and a growing sense of hopefulness and faith. For my part, I think we ought to welcome their company. It is not good for us to turn our backs upon the past, and say that we will have nothing more to do with it — that henceforth our lives shall be wholly in the present or future. The truth is, we connot so easily cut ourselves off from it ; it has helped to make us what we are, and its influences, for good or evil, are with us still. Besides, if that grim churchyard turn out a grisly array of ' sprites and goblins,' it also sends us many a radiant angel-form. If on our annual resurrection day the disap pointed ambition and the baffled aspirations start up to perplex us, so too, the dear ones who have gone before come with the air of heaven about them, to soothe, to inspire, and en comvige us. The mother whom we loved so tenderly, the child who was takeu from our reluctant embrace in the bloom of its pure young beauty, the friend whose faithfulness never gave way in the hour of sharpest trial, these are with us again, sit by our hearths, occupy their well-remeuibered chairs, and unite our present lives to their past by links of gold. Would you deprive yourself of this great joy, because of the sorrow which mingles with it ? because ' withered hopes ou hopes are spread,' like the layers of the dead leaves of many autums in the forest glades. — Memories that make tne heart a tomb, Begrets which glide through the spirits gloom, — would you shut yourself out from the shadows of happy hours — the bright and sweet and joyous recollections which the Past has alone to give ? There are ghosts and ghosts. It is clear from veracious chronicles that if their unpleasant mission to terrify and injure us, others come with timely words of counsel, warning, and comfort on their spectral lips, and these, I believe predominate in ' quantity and quality.' The world's wrong is more than compensated by the world's right. The pleasures of life, if we could weigh them, would be found to outbalance its pains ; or as Breunus flung in his sword to weight the scale against the conquered notnans, we loo, can always turn the balance by throwing in Hope. There are numerous mounds in the churchyard, but there are many more daisies ; and the man who dwells by it may, if he will, see something of better omen than the mere signs of mortality. At the head of the grave do you not plant the Cross ? I remember to have heaid, once upon a time, an eager discussion of the problem, whether the realisation ot a pleasure is equal to the amicip.iiioij oi it ? But bet:er than realisa; ion, which always has its imexpect'.-d dr.iwbiicks, or than anticipation, wliicii is neeoi-- ariiy overcast with uuca-tainty, is the reminiscence. And there is this advant age — that the reiniiiscciice l-.vats ; -.vud v-?t another ailvant-.ge — tlj;U it grows continually sweeter and more condoling. Take our Christtnases for exairplo. We look Xorwjird — or. at least, those of us who are not cynics and sni:;it essayists — look forward to each co using Yule with pleasurable thoughts. It i3 the rallyiug-time ofdouiestn: ?ilfections and old friendships in the circle, so often broken in upon by adverse circumstances, is for this once to be renewed. But it conies — the long looked-ior Christmas ; and with it, various vexations and crosses, insignifi cant in themselves, but, at the time sufficient to infuse a dash ol bitterness into our cup of joy— that 'amari aliqnid' which Fate is so fond of offering to human lips. By-aud-bye, however, when our Christinas ghosts sweep before us, we see nothing of this. The cloud has gone clean away ; our wistful eyes rest only on the brightness. bo it is always, ine ^linstmas ot last year seems to us brighter and better than the Christmas of this ; aud the Christmas of the year before brighter and better still. In this way, our Christinas ghosts grow, as I have said, less forbidding every year ; and in time, we come to think them the best of company — as, indeed, they are. Yes ; even the saddest, grisliest, and most gloomy ! For ali have something to tell us — words of advice and caution | — the precious lessons of experience. The ghost of a crushed ambition warns us to limit our desires to the measure of our means ; the ghost oi a shattered hope teaches us to be ou our guard against illusions of our own creation; the ghost of a lost love counsels us to raise our hearts above the things of mortality, and to reach forward, with a strong, unflinching faith, to that laud beyond the Dark Biver, where love becomes immortal, and partings are unknown, and trust can never more be betrayed, and there are no ghosts — because, thank God ! there are no dead ! W.H.D.A. 