ENGLISH GOSSIP. , -?- LONDON. MARCH 14. The snow has gone, but we have had great floods in various parts of the country. There have been heavy rains in London, but they have done no harm. On the contrary, they have cleared away the last remains of. winter, and this week spring is making a visible effort to resume her happy reign over us. There are buds on the Hine trees, the park beds are yellow with promises, the shops are full of the gay colours that belong to " spring fashions ;" and everything except foreign affairs and the Irish question looks hopeful and promising. The Queen is at Biarritz, the Prince of Wales has been a conspicuous figure in the Battles of Flowers at Nice, driving over from Cannes on the occasions of both the present season's Notes. A correspondent tells me that although the Prince has done all he could to show a gaiety of spirit and a well-sustained physique, he was both ill and depressed during the whole time of his visit to the South. The tragic death of Prince Rudolph has affected his usual geniality, and made him thoughtful, and beyond this he has been suffering from an abscess below the neck that has caused him a good deal of pain and inconvenience. The Queen has only had moderately good weather at Biarritz. The Princess Frederica who received her is a well known resident of the picturesque old-world town. Biarritz was the favourite resort of the late King of Hanover, who was a pathetic figure there, blind and infirm. It has of late years been among naturally improved, and is loss unsophisticated than it used to be, but this is not an improvement in the opinion of those who go there for rest and quiet and sunshine during the chill winter mouths of Great Britain and Germany. The Prince and Princess Henry of Battenberg are with the Queen. On the first Sunday Her Majesty and the whole of the Royal household attended divine service in the royal villa. Roohofoucold. On the previous day the Queen and her daughter drove to the Convent Los Bernardinos, and on Monday they were to be soon driving along the sea coast, halting here and there to enjoy the scenery and the delightful prospect of a blue sea dotted with picturesque craft. On their way home they passed through the town of Biarritz, and many people were in the streets to welcome and cheer the illustrious visitors. During the week the Queen has been graciously pleased to receive the local and military authorities, who have tendered her kindly greetings and friendly good wishes. On Tuesday, with her daughter and suite, she went to an exposition of the Basque game of "Pole to an Echo" on the Place flu Jeu de Balme. She was welcomed with much enthusiasm, the local bands during the time the royal party took their seats playing " God Save the Queen." Lord and Lady Lytton are at Biarritz-, find during the week many other distinguished visitors have wended their way in that direction. It would seem as if it were the special business of some person, agent or otherwise, to be continually floating paragraphs as to conversion of some now person of distinction to the Romish faith. Mr. Gladstone has more than once been named as a Roman Catholic. He has just as often taken occasion to disabuse the public mind upon the sub feet. Mr. Irving was industriously paragraphed some time ago as a convert He has not thought it worth while to deny the fiction. He comes of a strong dissenting family, and is a very stanch Protestant. Mr. Poole has lately been claimed by the Romish Church, but without the smallest reason, Sir. There is a regular attendant of the Church of England, and is very much devoted to both Church and State. The latest Romish recruit, according to the Paris Figaro, is the Queen of England. This newest and most ridiculous c marts makes out that the Queen goes to the Continent to avoid the Protestant Easter at home-about as silly a season as the silliest Frenchman could invent for the Queen's visit to Biarritz. She has visited a local convent, it is true, as one of the sights of the locality. But the Figaro piles up its absurdities to the pitch of saying that Her Majesty, after receiving the Bishop of Bayonne will presently abdicate in favour of the Prince of Wales, and that the Empress Frederic will shortly follow her mother into the Papal fold. The truth is the Queen is not even a High Church woman ; her sympathies are with the simplicity of the Presbyterian ritual and her daughter, the Empress Frederic, is a disciple of Strauss and Herbert Spencer. We have recently had in London the case of a young girl from the colonies going about dressed as a man. She would have got along all right if she had not tried to enlist in the army. But she was found out in the barrack-room, and being brought before the magistrates, expressed her con- trition, and is to be sent home, to New Zealand, I believe. Apropos of women assuming male attire, the story of the handsome yager who used to attend Prince Alexander of Battenburg during his Servian career is now recalled. The devoted paper never left him, sleeping by his door at night, and being by his elbow by day. More than once this ubiquitous guard saved his life. When the Prince left Bulgaria the paper disappeared, but it is said to have been discovered that the sentinel was a woman, who, being madly in love with him, determined to watch over his life during his stormy and dangerous reign. This accomplished, she resumed her private station. Do you remember the story which Marshal Massena tells ? It seems to me to be worth restoring to current records of the past. " Being at Bue Lenglen," said Napoleon's brilliant general, " I perceived a young soldier belonging to the Light Artillery, whose horse had just been wounded by a dance. The young man, who appeared quite a child, defended himself desperately, as several bodies of the enemy lying around him could testify. I immediately despatched an officer and some men to his assistance, but they arrived too late. Although this action had taken place on the borders of the wood and in front of the bridge this young artilleryman had alone withstood the attack of the small party of Cossacks and Bavarians, whom the officer and men I had despatched had put to flight. His body was covered with wounds inflicted by shots, lances, and swords. There were at least SO. And do you know what the young man was He was a woman, a handsome woman too, although she was so covered with blood that it was difficult to judge of her beauty. She had followed her lover to the army. The latter was a captain of artillery. She never left him, and when he was killed defended like a lioness the remains of him she loved. She was a native of Paris, nor name was Louise Bellett, and she was the daughter of a f ring maker in the Rue du Petit Lion." It is said in well-informed army circles that the Duke of Cambridge will within a short time resign his post of Commander in Chief. Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar is spoken of as likely to be his successor, to be ultimately replaced by his Royal Highness the Duke of Connaught. The latter would at the outset be a far more popular appointment than the former. The Duke of Cambridge was never a brilliant man ; but he has always been a careful, earnest, and business like Commander-in-Chief's, yet easy of approach, and not above details. When he goes he will be greatly missed, even by those who have most criticised him, On all hands his conscientiousness, his devotion, and his administrative ability are spoken of with cordial appreciation. Mr. Frederick Cowen is expected here next week, and his mother has issued notes of invitation for a reception of welcome. Some of his friends have got up a rumour that he is to be knighted, but it is only a hint to the Government Many a less deserving man has lived the knightly honour conferred upon him, but Mr. Cowan has hardly done enough to call for this special recognition. Moreover, one of the tests of success has not, it seems, been fulfilled. His musical trip to Australia has been financially beneficial to himself, but not it seems to the Exhibition. Twelve hundred and fifty pounds for a fiddle, and sixty pounds for a short pamphlet relating to an old theatrical scandal. Mr. Sampson Fox, who gave thirty thousand pounds to build a new home for the Royal College, has paid twelve hundred and A fifty pounds for the famous Stradivarius violin that was made for George I" and has given it to Herr Waldemar Mayer and yesterday the pamphlet referred to was sold by auction and bought on commission by a dealer. Two doctors had instructions to buy, and without limit as to price. I wonder that the successful collector will say when he gets his fair shoots of nonsense, which would have been done at twenty shillings. The idea of making the Great Eastern a floating theatre or hotel was abandoned long before the vessel was broken up but the same action in another shape has hit a Russian impressario. The theory of the thing is the houseboat. The structure will hold an audience of 4000 ; it will contain living rooms for the actors, and it will be floated up and down the Volga, pausing at the leading town?. There is no theatre even in the loading towns on this great river ; so that the floating house should be well patronised. I was present last night at a private dress rehearsal of "Richard III. " at the Globe. The production is to have its premiere to-morrow night It is Mr. Richard Mansfield's last throw for a big London reputation to take home to America, where he had already won fame and distinction. Moreover, it is the young actor's first Shakespearian performance. Judging from the experience of last night, I should imagine he will make a hit THE last throw is a worthy one, bold, finished, complete. The mounting of the, play is in many respects worthy of Mr. Irving himself, whose example has begun to exercise a firm influence upon modern stagecraft. Mr. Bruce Smith, Mr. Tobin, and Mr. Hann have done the chief work in the way of scenery, some of which is as good as anything that has yet been seen, notably Mr. Tobin's picture of " The Road to Chertsey." This is a lovely spring study-an English lane full of leaf and flower and it is on this road to Chertsey, instead of in a dull London street, that Mansfield has arranged the funeral procession and the wooing of Anne. But prior to this there is a fine set of the Approaches to the Tower of London, with a picture of the great feudal prison, which is admirable and later, a London street, with characters going to sanctuary, and the troops of Richard marching. The business of the tank scene is admirably contrived, the ghosts coming on through a natural low-lying mist, and not in a row as formerly. The battle scones are realistic and artistic, the actors well grouped, and fighting as they fought in the time of the story, several historic incidents of the encounter being singularly well realised. Richard defends himself against great odds, and, when Richmond appears, the two armies cease to attack each other, pausing, as was often done in olden days when two great leaders motor challenged each other to mortal combat The play is bright and bustling from beginning to end, and full of action, and shrewdly arranged for dramatic effect Mr. Mansfield's Richard is not the hump-backed bandy legged Richard of tradition. It is a slightly deformed Richard, but on the other hand it is courtly, diplomatic, strong both physically and in effectually. Mr. Mansfield has surrounded himself with an excellent company. Mr. Seymour Lucas, A.R.A., is responsible for the dresses, Captain Egerton Castle for the armour, and Mr. "Walter Pollock had lent his aid in the matter of the groupings of the fighting men. Mr. German, the youngest of our composers, has written the incidental music, and I predict for him an immediate fame. His orchestration is as good as his music is characteristic and original. On the same night as "Richard III." the Kendall's will produce at the Court Theatre " The "Weaker Sex," a new play, by Pinero, which has been tried in the provinces, and not exactly found wanting, but not found to be as strong; nor as clever as most of Pinero's pieces. This prominent dramatist, however, is always interesting, his work always conscientious, and his characterisation full of point and originality. Some of the critics agree that Mrs. and Mr. Kendall should have fixed on Mansfield's night, and they have evidently said so, for the Kendall's have announced that they do not intend to change their date. Mr. Pinero has also written the new piece with which Mr. Hare is to open the Garrick theatre. It was at first intended that this latest of our now theatres should be inaugurated with an English version of Jose), for which Mr. Willard was specially engaged. Mr. Hare, however, it seems, has changed his mind. The author did not regard Mr. Willard as a sympathetic actor and did not cast him for the Garrick piece, but going one night to see Willard in " The Monk's Room," he came to the conclusion that he was the very actor for the part of the lover in his Garrick play. He offered the part to Willard, who at first accepted it, but has now declined it, and there is friction between Willard and Hare in consequence. Mr. Beerbohm Tree, who made so great a success of " Captain Swift," tells me he is very much pleased with " Matt Ruddock," the drama which Mr. Jones has written for him, and which he will introduce to the public at Easter. It is more or less a one-part play. The hero is a wealthy self-made man, who lives to realise the fact that the possession of money is not necessarily the possession of happiness, a somewhat trite discovery ; but Mr. Jones, I am told has worked out the old saw cleverly, and the moral is " Be content" "Macbeth " still crowds the Lyceum. Miss Ellen Terry is being painted as Lady Macbeth by two artists, the one a popular painter, Mr. E Sergeant, who revels in colour ; the other one of the cleverest of the Academy students, Mr. W. H. Margetson, Mr. Sergeant has had the first claim on Miss Terry's time, and has finished an admirable work alive with life and colour, of Miss Terry as she appears in her wonderful beotlo-docorated dress, and with her red gold hair. Margetson had his first sitting yesterday in the sleep-walking scene. Mr. Margetson is illustrating the last volumes of the Irving Shakespeare for Messrs. Blackie, who are said to be delighted with his drawings. The artists are all working every hour of the light now to bring up their tale of pictures for the various exhibitions. Mr. Sergeant's Lady Macbeth will go to the New Gallery, the latest opponent of the Academy. Mr. Comyns Carr, who has done so much to estab- lish this institution and it is established tells me the receipts for the year arising from the shilling admissions have reached the very handsome sum of £10,000. The Daily Telegraph, has introduced a new feature, namely, that of "London Day by Day " as a companion column to its " Paris Day by Day." It is thought that the success of the JUbrnino- Post, and the threats of the New York Herald, have influenced the Telegraph in its desire to give in its columns a more perfect mirror of London life than hitherto. The London edition of the New York Herald is not setting the Thames on fire. It is a smaller sheet than any of the London papers, and its big sensational headings, sometimes not in the least justified by the matter under them, do not appeal to the taste of the London public. Mr. Bennett hoped the Herald would do great things with its financial news, but Londoners do not relish the flippant way in which the money market is treated by American journalists. If you are to be serious about anything in the world you must be serious in the way of presenting your monetary news and opinions. At least that is the London view of speculation and investment The coming of age of the Royal Colonial Institute was celebrated by a grand banquet last night in the Whitehall Room of the Hotel Metropole. The company was a very distinguished one, and the event may be said to have opened the present sea- son for it is the first festival of what Lytton called "the gay time of the year" at which the Prince of Wales has been preheat His Royal Highness made two excellent speeches, in which be paid high tribute to the patriotism of the colonies. He referred in special words of satisfaction to the New South Wales Contingent, and its services in the Soudan. The institute's motto," he said, " is a united Empire, and I doubt not that its constant discussion of great colonial questions, and its influence on public opinion through the wide circulation of its reports have in great measure contributed to bring about the improved feeling which now prevails and over which we greatly rejoice. We regard the colonies as an integral part of the Empire, and our warmest sympathies are with our brethren beyond the seas, who are no less dear to us than if they dwelt in I Surrey or Kent Mutual interests as well as ties of affection bind us as one people, and so long as we hold together we are unassailable from without r 