"ONWARD AND UPWARD." FOOTSCRAY, SPTURDAY, AUvUsT 24, 1889. The Stock Tax Embroglio. \-- t THE tactics that have been employpd by the Opposition in connection with Mr. McLean's want .of confidence motion, shows to what extent men will go when even the smallest ghost of a chance appears ofrushing the Treasury benches. It is amusing to see the eagerness with which some of the " old stageri" were prepared to throw in their lot with the "country party," and to pose as the " Farmers' friends" so long as any good excuse could be made for their ratting on their election pledges. To begin with, Mr. Munro, as the leader of the direct Opposition, was not only willing to promise the selectors support of his party, but also to waive all claims which it might have for a share in the spoil, vis., seats in the Ministry. In this he probably reckoned without his host; at least, such a straw is not good enough to trail before such venerable grimalkins as Sir' Bryan,' the Colonel, Mr. Woods, and others of like ilk. So to put it in the vernacular, "The bottom fell out of the boom," which is only dragging its weary way along to save the expense of a funeral, Mr. McLean may have been perfectly honest in his intentions, simply to benefit the farmers frmni his point of view, but when it be came a question of ousting the Ministry and trusting to a new one to replace on the estimates the bonuses and inci dental other encouragments offered to the agricultural community in the pre sent budget, then the rank and file be gan to waver, and gradually the follow ing grew " Small by degrees and beauti fully less." One after another withdrew from the grand Coalition of extremes, until at length the leader of the Oppo sition, with cruel irony characterised the motion he had promised to support as a bogus one, and the army of disoccupa. tion has dwindled down to a disorgan ised corps, all leaders and no men. Even Mr. Armytage'sgrandfather could notj now revive· the 4roopmug spirt .6r he shattered hopes of the would-be displacers of the Governmnlin; and the wholesome dread of an early appeal to the constituencies has rendered the task. of voting~ for such a course rathler too heavy for a number of rimembers, whose seats are shaky at beat or whose de liverances upon the question at issue would. scarcely bear repetition in the fierce lght that beats upon a rinewed election platform. The .sooner the farce ot fac prolonged debate upon a threshed-out subject, is rended, the better for the country, and' the Parlia iife'setsc free to-attend to the urgent business upon the notice paper. Mr. Groom let the light of day into the secrets of the St Den," as it is appropri ately termed, and the extpose has not done them any good,:but a wondrous deal of harm, as showving how Mr. McLean anidhis motion.were onlyre garded at first as a sort ofstalking horse, upon which the knowing ones could ride oh to irictory The attempt was ingenious, buti there must be found better cause' for members, as a mass, following the leadof the primie movers in this attempt at revolution. The country has a vivid recollection of the short regimi of Sir -Bryan and his coadjutors, and so far as public opinion goes, has no desire for a second edition, even with the former.Major as Treasurer with " Two .millions of savings in his boots." 