« ' « . POLTTTCAT,. The threatened "opposition to the return of the newly appointed ministers having been wisely abandoned, the parliamentary campaign is. fairly begun, without the additional provocation which might have been engendered by an angry contest. We fear that the same wise abstinence is not to be expected," once swords clash in the encounter of parties in the House. Wetrust however that there will be some modification of that extreme kind of opposition; which was; rashly threatened, and tbatj usefuli legislation may not be thwarted by clamour,' or by obstruction. Sir Henry Parkes professes to ;be quite satisfied! .with His majority of four or five, nay. be even; prefers, so he . says, to fight his battle with that majority, than if he had one of forty or fifty. We see clearly how much better, morally, it is for him to be subject to the restraint of a narrow majority, how it keeps him on his guard, how it will make him more courteous and less hauehtv. We also see how it will make his supporters more constant in supporting him, when they feel that two or three votes transferred to the opposition would give them the rule. Still we suspect that Sir Henry would not object to some addition to his work ing majority, and that he would make some sacrifice to obtain a few more votes on his side. ' Such statements are only made as a gilding of the inevitable pill that had to be swallowed. We presume that in the .new regime the Premier will have much less to do than heretofore with the several departments outside that of the Colonial Secretary. The ministers will have more complete responsibility in the administration of their several depart ments. There is a fairly strong team ; and if it is allowed to work, ought to do excellent service, apart from any renewal of the fiscal controversy. The land bill, the local government bill, the electoral bill, that for the procuring of water by boring, and its conservation for irrigation, &c.;, are urgently pressing. That for the admission of women to the elective franchise, may not perhaps be so urgent, but it must soon be taken as a leading question. People write about it in the papers as it it involved a controversy whether woman was equal, or inferior, or superior to man. Such a comparison has nothing to do with the rights of women to vote in the elections. When manhood suffrage was conceded, we did not make the inferiority or superiority of any two classes of men a matter of difference in their right of voting. Nor did the com mon right of all to vote, assert any equality among the voters in any other capacity. The stupid man and the clever man, the ignorant man and the learned man, the genius and the mountabank, the labourer and the divine, the cripple and the giant, all have the same vote. W kot1 nrn no 4.U nn m i-1. « A mahaam iiuu no CJUJj IUOU, lO UllttU WUUiliU, whether weaker or stronger than man," has the human right to choose a represen tative as well as he — to keep her out of it isunjust. " Still the other measures press more urgently for immediate attention, and we hope no party tactics may be used to delay them." o The present long and disastrous drought ought to' force the question of -water supply to the very foremost place. 1 The country is losing many millions' every' year for want of water. Only 'one year out of six has there been a fair downpour of rain, and when the rainfall ceases for a year or two, even artesian wells must sooner or later dry up. .Yet- every effort1 Buuuiu ue maae to encourage the boring, which will tap deposits of water accumu lated from' wetter seasons. And we are talking of future dense, population on our soil,- as 'if' water' were not absolutely necessary ' f6r ' food and drink, as well as for profitable employ ment for such a population. Irrigation here and there, would secure abundant harvests, and dairy produce in such' districts ; but irrigation on an ex tensive scale bver the colony is out of the question; "There is no supply of !water sufficient for the purpose. But the dif ferent farms, and cattle and sheep stations might, by' artesian wells, in many parts of the country now dry, be provided " with a sufficient' supply to keep the animals 1 and uuve. Jixtensive irrigation oy water procured by boring;" is impossible ; rivers only can perform this'; an'd ' un fortunately our rivers J which do" not diminish in drought, are verv few indeed. We have, no cloud-capped mountains topped" with perpetual snow. Whatever water we get from the earth : beneath' us must, i be. limited by the rainfali. ' The deficit threatens again to be a bone of contention. . Mr. Garvan's estimate of it at close on 000, 000 is based on an opinion1 that certain charges not hitherto reckoned- to it within the year, ought to be so reckoned. This opinion may or not be correct aB a matter of book keeping; but it ' had not been acted on with the accounts in question : and therefore ought not to affect the fact that the " deficit" has not been increased during the last two years. Whether we call it £2,600,000 as Mr. Burns did, or £4,000,000 as Mr. Garvan did ; it stands at1 the same amount now as it did two years ago'. The apparent difference arising merely from tll6 Hlodfi of DtlttilTlff fllQ - onnmini- including or excluding certain, charges. Still, something should be done with the deficit— something better than merely " hanging it up." It will always be a cause of acrimony. It will always furnish spectres to "push us from our seats." Why not lay the ghost once for all, and let it cease to haunt us ? What will Mr. McMillan do with it ? But what if the Ministry are blocked in all their attempts ? It is hard to say. For if it becomes impossible' for a Ministry to carry on the Queen's Government with a majority of five, it. is obviously impossible for others to do so with a similar minority. Neither side of the House then would be ablp to govern. What then ? A disso lution. And then probably the same thing over again; for in so short an interval it is not likely that the con-' stituencies can have changed their views., so we should then be obliged to try how we- could get on without any Government at all. Parliamentary Government does not' seem to work in New South Wales. 'l 