SOME ONE ELSE. (A STORY BY B. M. OROKER.) CHAPTER XX.— ^ (Continued) \ CHAPTER XXI. five o'clock tea. But a short period now remained to be dedi -..cated to what . George Eliot terms, ' tho fo-v ? imaginative weeks called courtship,' and if Miles and Haideo were to bo mnrried, thero was no timo to lose. — Thero were settlements to be drawn up, the trousseau to be set in ,,hand, and many weighty questions to be decided. Miles talked over these matters with Miss Jane, the ovening aftor lie had been accepted by his cousin, aud between them they persuaded Mrs. Brabazon to havo a quiet wedding, and to let the two girls go and ?tay with Connie, nnd choose the trousseau with her assistance. Misa Jane was also to bs squeezed into Mrs. Cureon's band-box of a house, but such an important person as Mrs. Brabazon (not to speak of 'Nokea) would have to go to a. neighboring private hotel. — Indeed, Mrs. Brabazon loved riot1' her step-niece ; she took up her abode close to Chesham Street, with a useful,- fas- hionable, friend, and was elaborately ami able to Miles and Haidee, but disposed to be very arbitrary about tho trousseau, and close fisted with the necessary funds 1 London was empty (figuratively speaking), but to our young ladies from the country, even in ' September, it looked remarkably full, and thtiy enjoyed themselves immensely. Haidee, of course, especially. She had the daily society of 'Miles, who loaded her with flowers and gifts, and anticipated her most capiicious ?whims. A splendid diamond ctng adorned Iter third finger — a ring that represented the ^whole price of Destiny (till theil lying at Cox's), a diamond butterfly and pair of soli taire earrings swallowed up Cheap Jack, as Well as Rocket and Squib. It was useless to endeavor to restrain him. ile declared to Haidee, that this being his own money, and not their mutual property, he had every right to spend it as he pleased. He had all the pleasure of taking her to the theatre for the first time, of introducing her to Westminster 'Abbey, Hampton Court and the Parks, and He was a pattern of pationce in Bond Streot, Mid Regent' Street, allowing her to flatten her pretty straight nose against as many shop windows as she pleased, and to stare in at costumes in a perfectly unbridled manner ; so different to Mrs. Brabazon or Connie, who always walked relentlessly on — deaf to every appeal. Really, for once in her life, Haidee had everything she could possibly wish for ! Miles at her beck and call all day long (and yet not too conspicuously present). Quantities ' of -lovely ? presents, numbers of exquisite new dresses, she ought to have been the happiest girl in. the world, and would have been . but . ,, for just one drawback —Teddy's approaching: departure for the Cape. This was the thorn, in . her otherwise perfect rose, and it was a sharp one 1 As she and Miles were walking in Picca dillv one afternoon, they met Captain Berkeley rushing out of a bootmaker's, evi dently in a violent hurry. ' 'Hull6, Brabazon 1' he cried, 'what on earth are you doing up in the village at this time of yearl Why are you not' among the ?'turnips? Miss Brabazon,' raising his hat as ' he recognised Haidee ; ' how do you do ?' ' ' You are off to the Cape next week are you not P' said Miles. ' Yes, by Jove, the order has come ; not much time to lose 1 I'm trying to get my kit together I We embark on Thursday.' Miles glanced at his beautiful fiancee, and was amazed to see that she had become ve*jj pale, and that her lips were quivering strangely. ; ' Your second battalion is going out too, I see by this morning's paper. No chance of meeting you out there, eh 1 Well, good-bye, I must be off ; time is money. Good-bye, Miss Brabazon.' ' Safe home with a V.C.,' returned Miles cheerfully ; and thus they parted, Captain Berkeley springing into a passing hansom, and being rapidly whirled away. Miles walked on beside Haidee in silence. , She looked grave '? and preoccupied. What was the mysterious connection between her . and the Prince's 'iiancers? What was the secret she had boen on the brink of divulging to him, and which he had declined to hear ? He was too chival ' rous to seek to force her confidence ; and had she':not assured him, on het honor, and with ner nana m Ills, tnac ana uuu uovei uarou iur any one but himself, and surley that ought to satisfy a gentleman. She was not a demonstrative young lady, like her sister ; ' and although she was going to be his wife in week, he felt that she was still in some : -.ways a stranger to him ; there were recesses ? in her mind which he had never penetrated. Whether it was shyness or not she kept him at a distance, which he thought very hard ' lines considering the circumstances, ? and he told himself as he glanced at her pale clear -cut profile aud rather firmly-set lips, that in their case it was he who was ' bridled and saddled he imagined he was far more in 1 love with her than she with him. ' A iid now it was the last day of the Miss Brabazon's stay in town. On the morrow '.they-: returned to Baronsford, ..previous to the wedding, which was to be very quiet— i limited to relatives and the Bells ; but Miss Jane had stipulated for a proper breakfast, a wedding-cake from Gunt'or, a wedding ; : dress, veil, and orange blossoms ; and had herself invested in a lavender silk that could nearly stand alone, and in the fulness of her heart promised a grand dinner to the whole village of Maxton. Towards the end of September the evenings Bre shortening, and it is dusk at five o'clock, Mrs. Ourzon's very popular tea time. It was ; just overj everybody had had second cups, Miaa Jane, Mrs. Curzon, Gusaie and Haidee. The little table had been wheeled away, and 1 '? the company had drawn nearer to the fire in various luxurious chairs, when the door opened and Miles entered. ' What has made you so late !' said his ciaf-.nr. mftkine' room for him ; ' we have has i'lour- tea, and are just in the thick of ghost Btories, Aunt J ane has told us one, that had turned me into what is called goose-flesh — About a lady without a head.' ' No one comes here,' said GuBsie, putting op her hand authoritatively, ' unless they can tell a good ghost Btory. So if you are- not ready with something really grisly you can go away.' ? ' Oh, come I say 1 this is too much of a good thing. I can't compete with the headless lady! And Connie, if you had been tho affectionate sister you would have kept me a cup of tea.' 'Teal you humbug I you know you men have regular five o'clock tea at your clubs. ' It is a libel as far as I am concerned,' em phatically. . ' Well, then,' stretching towards the bell, ' you shall have some tea ; but, only on con dition that you make yourself pleasant, and tell a ghost story.' ... ' Yes, Miles, even if you have to make it up,' said Haidee, who was sitting next to the chimney-piece, holding a peacock fan between her face and the fire. 'Will a Burmese one do?' in a dubious tone. i ' ' »t ' Yes, of course it will, beautifully ; it will be something new 1' cried Gussie, with lively ' Then please to remember that if you are all afraid to go about alohe'in the dark for the next six months, it is not my fault; you brought, it on yourselves,' with a gesture of solemnity. .... ' Agreed, now no more preliminaries. Commence — commence.' ' I must have my tea first, and then your entire attention,' looking round impressively ; 'if I hear so much as a pin drop, you may whistle for the rest I' (To be continued). 