TALES AUB SKETCHES.. THE BELLS OF ST. PAUL'S. BY WALTER. BESANT, Author of Dorothy Forstbr, the Chaplain of the Fleet, Herr Paulus, &c.; PART If. Chatter IT. — Fair Friendship. Once more Altirca stood at the head of the stairs, dressed for tiro river in a straw hat and a looso jacket that left Iter arms free. The boat was rooking with tlio swell of the tide at her feet; beside her stood licr new acquain tance, Mr. Laurence AValler. "If you would really like to come with me, bIic said, "I generally go alono; but if you nro sure that you would like " "I should liko nothing better," lie replied. " Let me take tlio sculls and you shall steer and tell me about tlio river as we go. Remember that I havo not been on it yet." It was Saturday afternoon, a littlo after 2. Work was knocked off ; tlio men had ceased to run up and down tlio planks witlr their baskets of broken glass or their loads of scrap iron; the great gates of tlio walls wero closed; the barges wero left alone with their cargoes until Monday. A Sabbath calm already prevailed upon the bank. Altliea ran down the' steps and took her place in the stern, while Iter companion followed and untied the painter and shoved off. Such pro gress in fail- friendship may be made in two or throe days by a careful young man who tabes pains; such nro tlio prizes awarded to such young men as deserve tiiein ; aud so great was the gratitude felt by this young lady towards the man who had come all tlio way from Aus tralia to gazo upon her father. The day was bright ; a fresh breeze crisped and curled tlio water into littlo dancing waves ; it drove the light clouds across the sky and caused the flying shadows to chase cacli other across the broad surface of tlio river ; it made Althca's chock to glow and her eyes to brighten. Byes more beautiful, check moro glowing Laurence thought ho had never seen. He addressed himself, at first, to getting out from the rows of barges into mid-stream and to allowing tlio young lady that an Australian, as well as a Thames waterman, may know how to feather his oars with ease and dexterity. Now a girl's admiration of ease anil dexterity in any art is in direct proportion to her own knowledge of that art; so that Althca, who understood good rowing, was quick to appreciate the neat ness with which her companion handled tlio sculls. She was also, during the half hour that followed, enabled to rccogniso strength of muscle and length of wind. This young man could not only row but lie could last. They went up stream with tlio alack end of the flowing tide as far as Chelsea Reach, which is a good long pull. Althea was silent at first, but presently began to beguile the way by point ing out tlio places, houses, churches, bridges and palaces ns they passed. She talked with more courage when she perceived that her com panion listened with tho greatest interest — indeed her short experience of him had already distinguished him as a young man of sympa thetic manner. She found him far moro ready to listen than to talk. There is a kind of young man who, ill prcsenco of a girl, ia tempted to put on side, to walk round and show liis muscles, to swagger and crow, and in other ways to imitate the bubbly Jock, for purposes of mashing. There ia another kind— a much moro subtlo and dangerous young mail — who sits in humility, contented to listen ill silence and to encourage the girl. Laurence belonged to this kind of Published liy special arrangements with the Gather. AH rights reserved. young man. In tlio middle of Chelsea Reach he stopped, obedient to the captain of the shin, and turned her bows. Then they both fell into silence gazing upon the river. And presently Laurence remarked that the smile had died out upon Althca's lips ; that her face was become ;rave ; and that her eyes wore dreamy. She ooked as one carried away in a vision. Chelsea Reach is never crowded with boats ; at 3 O'clock even on a Saturday in June it i3 too early for tile London clubs, but there were on the water one or two scullers in the light craft which seem so easy to bo pulled through tire water that one wonders how it is they can cause the rower to pant and puff, his face to flush, his brow to stream, liis manly chest to heave and iiis arms to quiver just as much as if lie were tugging at the oar of tlio accursed galley of Algiers or tiio biggest barge of Bank Side. There were no penny steamboats visible ; as for canoes, randans, pleasure boats and steam launches, one does not expect them lower down than Putney. There were two or three barges just beginning to drop down stream, blundering and staggering with the tide ; and there was a noisy little tug, all engine and paddle wheels, which hauled and lugged along a team of un willing lighters each with one man on board Jaboring like ton men to keep her bows straight and. her stern clear. ;Fivc. minutes passed — toil minutes; but the girl - remained silent and motionless; . her thoughts far away. AVhat was she thinking of ? The stillness of her face suited her beauty ; a really sweet face seems to look best with a certain gravity upon it. Sho sat as motionless ns if she had been in a trance. ' Laurence dipped the sculls arid pulled a short stroke. The girl started and sat upright, i "I have been "dreaming, I am afraid," bIio niil. "I. think yon have. Do you often fall a- droaming?" ' ' Yes — very often. AVhen one is quite alone, you know— at homo when my father is in iris study and my uncle is out with his patients ; and on tho river when I am by myself — it is so easy to fall into dreams." . "If I could ask you to tell me your dreams, I might interpret them for you, perhaps." " They are not worth telling. Aro yon very tired ! Shall I change places with you ?" "Iam not in tlio least tired, thank you. , The river is splendid. I am trucly grateful to yon for letting me come with you — what a blessed chance that I lmve rcmaiued at Bank Side f" " My father was afraid that you would think it such a poor place— and go away. G'assie said she would give you two days. AVe, who 'always live there, you see, hardly understand how poor the place must look to a stranger." " Well— Bank Side, it is true, does loolt best witii a little gilding of sunset upon it. But there is tho river." "Yes — there is the river — the river." She leaned forward as if to see better the stretch of water around her. "The river" — the words seems to have a magnetic effect ; her eyes again assumed the look of one whose thoughts are far away ; her voice fell into a murmur and she spoke as if she was talking to herself without thinking of her companion. "Tho river ! It is always changing ; sometimes it laughs as if it thought of nothing but happiness and enjoy ment ; and sometimes it rolls along grey and heavy as if it were thinking of the poor people along tiie shores who are so miserable aud so wicked ; and sometimes it is as blue as the sky and sometimes it is the color of mud. But every day the water rolls up and then rolls down again— every day— so full— so full of strength. AYe stand upon tlio hank mid watch ; ten thousand years ago tho tide rolled up and down, and it will go on thousands and thousands of years after wo arc dead." "AVhen we are no longer standing on the shore," said Lr-U'cnee, "the river may do just exactly what it pleases. Let us ho happy with the present.". Youth, I suppose, lie meant, has nothing to do with the past or with tho future; of tenses) tlio present alone belongs to youth. Of moods, tho indicative and tlio imperative are meant for tho use of youth. For ngo there are the optative and subjunctive among moods, and the past and future — I mean tho l'rophetie Future —among tenses. They bestow upon that chilly tieriod of life either its chief consolations or its littcrcst pangs. I am sorry that Viccshnus Cottle did not say this.. As a grammarian he would have boon pleased with tlio illustration. Unfortunately it never occurred to him. Altliea went on ns if he had not siiokcn. " It is tlio tide which gives life to the river. If it were not for the tide there would he a stream always flowing down! To stand on the bank and watch the current always running away without any rest or pnuse— to think that it goes on running all the night ns well as all tlio day : coming one knows not whence and running one knows not whither, must fill the soul with a kind of terror as if, liko Time, it was always carrying something away 'from us. But tho ebb and the flow— it is as if the river camo to help lis every day." "It does, said Laurence. "Tho tide was first turned on when barges wore invented." Althea looked up and laughed. She was shaken out of her thoughts and called hack to companionship again. Her eyes lost their dreamy look nnd she sat upright and caught the things as if she meant to attend to business. " You must not mind my idle, talk," she said. " I come upon' the river so mncli arid I am alone for such long hours that I sometimes talk out loud the things that are in my head." " No— no — go on talking. I will listen." " AVell then — I am glad that you liko the river and I am glad that your first introduction to the river lias been in sunshine." "AYe havo plenty of sunshine in Sydney," said Laurence, " but wo like it. They told me that London ia the city of Perpetual Fog. Yet behold !" "AVo do have fogs," Althea confessed. "That cannot be denied. But to-day I am sure no sky could be brighter— not even the sky of Sydney;." "That is quite true," he replied. , ' ' 1 And no air finer. " . " Again, quite true." ' . - "And 1 own that the sun does, make a vory great difference. Look at that big lighter blun- dering along in tno imp stream. ,xou would almost tliirik that it was a. live tiling, a hippo potamus or something— rejoicing ill her clumsy play. And'look at that noisy littlo tug how alio pulls along tho team of barges as if they weighed nothing and it was a joy and pride for tlio little creature to put forth her strength. AVell— on a cloudy day tho big lighter would fill you with pity bccauso it would seem so blind and help less. And the tug would make you think of a slavo writhing under the hrsli." "Yes," lie said. Tiicro was no need to say more tlian just to show that he was listening. " Sometimes the clouds close over and the rainfalls. Then one tees nothing; tlio banks aro hidden ; tho barges and boats vanish ; one is all alone on tlio water and the rain beats on tlio river as if it were lashing and scourging it. Thou one trembles and thinks of terrible things. I liavo a dream which comes to mo often, of being all alone on a waste of waters with nothing visible and the rain beating down. Or one may bo caught in a fog. Then the only tiling is to keep close in shore and so to creep home. But tlio fog is not so terrible as the dark cloud and pelting lashing rain. Onco there. fell a thunderstorm upon tlio liver when I was upon it. The light ing playtel over the waters aud a great ball el fire burst close to tho boat. I thought that tlio boat and I together might be struck and sud denly destroyed and no one ever to know what had become of me. And I wondered how many people in this great world would ask the ques tion. Half a dozen in, all. It ia not many to know out of all the millions." "Not many," Laurence echoed with a little doubt ill his mind as to the healthiness of this solitaiy communing on the river. Then she changed and again came back, so to speak, to life. "Yon are a stranger," she said, "and I sup pose you do not understand what tho river lias always been to London. Formerly it was tho highway of the people. They did not go up and down the streets : tlicy could not because they had no carriages and tiio roads were rough and there- were no footpaths ; they took boat and so went up and down the river at their ease— it must have been much more pleasant than an omnibus. I could show you .were tlicy landed at the old stairs all along the North bank from AVestminster to AVapping. Then tlicy had sports upon tlio river and Pageants, and all the gentlefolk had their own boats, just as in Arcnicc everybody has his gondola. Tiio King had tho Barge of State ; the Lord Mayor had liis Barge of State : tiie Gitv Comnanies. tlio Bishmw. t.lm great Lords, all had their Barges of State ; and went up and down tlio river in them. In those days swans ' swam about the stairs ; salmon were caught above Bridge ; people used to go angling in tho river ; the bank was lined with stately houses sloping down to the river's edge— " She sighed heavily." "The river must have been beautiful in those days. I am sure there, could not have been so riiuch mud to begin with.-' . " I believe the company on tiio boats was a little mixed," Laurence objected, timidly. "AYcll, then. Think, even now, what the river is to the city, though we r.o longer use tho boats.' 'Think how it blows away the wasted air and brings up tlio fresh breeze with every tide." " Yes," said Laurence. " I will try to think about it in this way." " And remember what beautiful things have been written about the river. But perhaps you do not rend poetry." "I liavo read some poetry," said Laurence. "It is not quite the same tiling." "If you had known the Thames so long as I —Have you read Spenser ? He, yon know— AYalked forth to ease his pain Along tiie shore of silver streaming Thames ; AVhose rutty bank, the which his river lienis, Was painted all with variable flowers And all his meades adorned with dainty gems Fit to desk maidens' brows. "I have heard those lines." , "Then can you tell me who v.-rote — May all clean nymphs and curious water dames With swan-like state float up and down tliy streams. No? It was Hcrrick. You ought to know Herrick. And Pope has written about the river — and — and — oil ! many other poets. " Laurence made haste to change the subject. He might have been examined ill Mr. Indagine'a immortal verso : in which case a disgraceful pluck awaited him. " You are not afraid of rowing about alone?" V Not in the least. There is nothing to fear. You can easily keep out of tho way of t he barges and the steamers. Out on tho river you are quite free. I come here every day— it is always fine some part of the day — if only for half an hour. At homo there are mean streets every where and men who get drunk and beat their wives ; how can one walk- for pleasure in those streets ? On the river 1 there is nothing mean and ugly and vulgar; though I confess that some of tho buildings on the banks might be more picturesque. And then one is quite alone and if you row up above AVestminster yon are quiet. - You can' think in pence. If one is in good spirits it is happiness enough only to row along singing— and if you feel low the fresh air and tho exercise: quickly bring you back to a cheerful mind." ; : "And always alone?" . "Always in tho day. Sometimes, in the evening, C'assio or Felix will come with me. But Felix rows in a club, four, and despises my poor little boat." " Then sometimes, I suppose, you land and look about." " Oil ! no." Althca shook her head. " That would spoil all. I should only find modern streets. As it is, the banks are crowded with tiie old things that 1 have read of in the books about London. Quantities of tilings happen up arid down the 'river.' AVIien I am rowing along I can amuse myself with bringing hack tlio people and their houses and gardens. I should bo sorry, iiidced, to land and find the old houses and the gardens gone and only mean streets in their places." " You live in a dead and gone London," said Laurence. " Has the living London no attrac tion for yon ?" "I do not'know it. But tlio dead and gone London lives still. Nothing over really dies, I think, except tho memory of wickedness. For instance, there is Battersea Park— before you — behind that terrace.", "0 Battorsfca Park, St. Jariic's Tark I know and Hyde Park.". "This is Battersea Park. I daresay if wo were to land there we should find a place like Southwark Park Twenty or thirty years ago I believe it was only a dismal stretch of bare fields whero people camo to shoot pigeons and to make dogs fight and catch rats. That must have been a dreary time. But I forget that and remember a time much older, when Lord Bolingbroko lived here and had a great house with gardens down to 1 1.0- river bank. Thero was a terrace there and lie used to walk up and down with his friends." Oh! I often seothem when 1— fall a dreaming, as you say— Pope and Steele and Addison and Swift nnd Arbutlinot— I see theni all. They walk up and down slowly in little companies of twos and threes, carrying thoir hats under their arms and steeping dairitly in shoes arid white silk stock ings. I wish I could hear what they sny, but that I can,' ricv'or'do"; arid it would bo bad manners to' pull nearer the bank in order to, ; listen, would it hot ?" ' "Clearly. " Addison himself in one of ids : papers reproaches young Indies in boats for listeuinc to ririvat'c 'conversation. If you see any of these good people; this afternoon, tell me, will yon ? 'Brit I believe I nmat bo short siphted'iir the matter of ghosts." | " I will' teli- you," tlio girl replied gravely. " But tlicy only come when I am alone. Ori the other side — over there— Sir Thomas Moro lives ; lie lias got a beautiful house, built of red brick with delightful easement' windows ; it is covorcd with ivy cut and ti immed close and clinging round the stono mullions; lie walks in liis. garden, which is full of apple arid mulberry trees and standard roses, with Ms daughter Margaret. He lias tho kindest and . wisest face in all the world. Brit I have not, seen him lately. Lower down there was formerly a'big botanio garden; I believe they have covered it With houses now, but I often meet the physicians in their boats going to see tho simples growing under glass.' Every day in summer they go there, and I believo tlicy drink w'mo together in a tavern aftor their visit. Nobody looks so wise as tho physicians with their black velvet ccats, their high peaked wigs and their gold headed walking canes. Tlioy are so full of wisdom and dignity that tlicy must havo beeri.iAle to cure every disease under the buu." "Are there any oil tho river now?" "No; you have driven them away, they can only be seen by solitary persons. Chelsea is very ricli in beautiful places. There is Banc- lagli over there. It is a lovely place ; thero is a great round room for music and dancing, lit by thousands of oil lamps, and there aro gardens where tlio people walk about, tho ladies in lie ops aud patches and tlio moil with swords ami purple coats. Sometimes I meet barges, not our groat lumbering Bank Side barges — but beauti ful pleasure boats with music in the bows and tho company in tho stern, rowing up to Chelsea for a night at Ranelagli." " Alas !" said Lawrence, looking up and down the river and tlr'cn across it, and shading liis eyes so that tlio sun should not hide their vision. " I see nothing, not even Lord Bolingbroke, on tlio Terrace." " Would you know him if yon did see him ?" "No — no — I tiiink not. 1 might suspect, you know. Perhaps that is the reason why 1 see nothing." "It is pleasant to imagine all these tilings," said Altliea, looking at him gravely. ''They bccomo quite real if voir imagine them often. AV o have got all tho old books at homo— tlio essays, and poems and plays — and I havo read them all, and it seems sometimes as if the life of tho last century was tlio only life worth having, and oars was a mere existence to read about the past." "AVhy,"said Laurence, "if that is all you have of life— to read about tho past— — " "But you— who know the world— don't you think that tho world , of tlio last ceutury must have been 10 times as pleasant as it ia now ?" . " No, Miss Indaginc. I believe, on tho other hand, that wo have got tho very best of every thing." " But in tho old days there were assemblies and dances and water parties and all kinds of things." "Well— hut " Lawrence looked up sur prised, "isn't there plenty of dancing and music and singing still ? There are the theatres — did they act better ihen than they do now ? Did they dance bettor? Did they sing' better ? AVero tlio ladies moro beautiful or the men more jiolisiied ? I doubt it very much. I am quite satisfied, Miss Indaginc,' with the present." Yes— perhaps," she said doubtfully. Then she laughed a little. " Oh ! of course it is as you say, only it seems I should have seen some thing of this lifo if I had lived 100 years ago. None of these things come to Bank Side, and 1 havo come to believo that they exist no longer. The world of society " sho looked across the liver to the steeples and towers of tho west — "It is over thero somewhere— I should like to see it just for once. I can picture the life of the last century, but not the life of the present." " But surely you do not stay always at Bank Side. Surely, you go; sometimes, somewhere, away from the — tlio place " ho looked as if lie was suppressing something — an adjective perhaps. " No, I never leavo Bank Side." "Yon never leave — you never go away at nil " No— and no one ever comes to us. AVe are hermits — my father and Dr. Luttrel and I, we tiireo together. Oliver used to come for his vacations ; but lio never liked the place, and, to be sure, the streets all round us are very mean. Since he came back from Germany he only comes occassionally." "Is his mind wholly given up to science?" asked Laurence. Then he remembered the comedietta of the bridge, aud wished he had not asked tho qestion. Altliea changed color. Then she made an swer in a constrained voice. "I cannot say how Oliver disposes of ilis mind. He gives his father very .little of liis society. I mean only that wo live a very retired life and aro wholly ignorant of society. AVhen you are tired of us," —sho said this with a perfect absenco of coquetry — " you will go away and forget us and we shall go on again in tho old quiet way. Until you do get tired of us come and talk with my father as often as you can. He ' likes you, and it is long since ho talked with any one of tho outside world. For 30 years ho has lived apart from iris fellows." " Tired of you ?" cried Laurence— Imt cheeked himself. Gould ono believe that there was a hermit— a girl hermit — living under tlio shadow of St. Paul's ? But to think— no society at all ! "Tell me," a sudden thought seizing him, " tell me is it possiblo that you have never been to a dance?" " It is quito possible. I do not in the least know how people dance ; only I nm quito sure that tlio minuet has quite gone out." "Nor to a theatre? Nor to a party of any kind?" " I have been nowhere. AVe have no friends —no ono visits us, and tho only girls I kuow are C'assio and Flavin." " Good heavens ! AYhatdoyou do every day and all day ?" " I read and work— I go out in my boat— I play n little — I work a little. That is all. It ia not so dull as you would think, but sometimes I wonder what it is like in tlio world." " Then in tho summer. You don't stay at Bank Side in tlio summer?" " Yes, we do. AVo havo very little money, you know. My father has the liouso in which we live and three or four moro. It is all we have got to livo upon, and my uncle's practice is all among tho poor people. If we wore only "Why," Laurence longed to tell her, "you arc rich ; you are very rjcli indeed. You have got an immense citato waiting for you." But ho refrained. Tlio time was not yet come. ' ' You live in London and yet you do not know London." " Oil yes, I do. I know tlio city of London verv well and I know tho borough pas for tho city, I am suro there cannot he, anywhere, a moro delightful place. AVo havo got books about tlio city— Cunningham and Timbs and others— and I icad all that has liappened in tlio stroots, and then walk about tlienr and remcriibcr it all. Saturday afternoon is a good tiino, bccauso tiie churches are generally open anil'the streets are quiot. But Sunday morning is host, becauso tho .streets nro quito ernpty arid deserted. Oil ! You must not think that I do not. know London." "Miss Indaginc, " said Laurence after a little pause, " I proposo tin exchange." ' ..." ,, » AVhat is it?" " Ono to my own advantage entirely. Show mo tlicso curious places in tho city mud tlio borough and I will allow you tlio AVest End. I havo walked once down Regent-street nnd Bond- street and Piccadilly, and I seem to, know, the AVcst End right through. I liavo also looked in at tho academy. AVhat do you say,?" . i . Altliea hesitated with caution ncwlyiiorn.j It is liy instinct that wo suspect a snake in tlio grass. Yet'sho know uothiug about tho dosigns of tlio Malo Heart Breaker, of the Designer, of tlio Man with no Intentions, of tlio mere Ainuser, or ot tlio Calliolio Admirer. Man tiro 'Tippler sho know, and fvoqriciitlymcthimin thestrccts, but Jinn tiro Designer oho knew not. Yet slio instinctively hesitated. ' But the eyes which met hers : wero so' frank and honest tliat blic yielded. ; "You will siiow mo" the world of society and pleasure?" ' . ' ' , '1 cannot take you into the actual heecc-s or to their dances and parties. But I can show you the outside of thingaif you piease." "Yes, I should like to see tlio outside of things. I accept the exchange. " " A'cry good, and now wc aro off Bank Side. Poor old Bank Side ! It really doo? want a> little gilding of the sunset. And it is Saturday afternoon. Let ns cross the bridge and begin at once. You shall take me to the city of ghosts and shadows, show ine the old merchants in thoir wigs and lace ruffles, and I will show you the young gentlemen in their- tight collars and their pointed boots. I nm renj glad, Miss Inda- gine," as she sprang out of the boat aud ran up the stairs. "Iam very glad that I stayed at Bank Side. AVIiy, I might havo been wasting my time at the grand hotel, wandering about Piccadilly and sitting in tlio stalls of tlio theatres," 