NOTES AND REFLECTIONS BY THE WAY. FOURTH SERIES.—No, ? By A.O., Welaregang. I read with interest the ghost story—the woman with the baby and with the dark sad eyes which appeared in a recent issue of the Banner. I don't mean to impugn the veracity of thnt. pathetic tale when I state that my faith in ehostsj orin .disembodied spirits, walking Hie eatfch is not the size of a "grain of mustard eeiiD.".- I «un inclined to look.jon spiritualism and the pretented raising of spirits as a pieceof profane absurdity, and would rather believe with Snui'm who said that "If the spirits have gone aloft they don't want to come down fossicking around here again; and if they have gone below they i-hani't get back here again." At the same time I am ready to admit that «there is more heaven and earth than is known in our philosophy Though no vision nor apparition from the unBeen world has ever appeared to me, yet it does not follow that ihey have not been seen by anybody else. Indeed I have read, and heard from other's lips-strange phenomena, which, giving all 1 due latitude to a lively imaginatidn, have been duly and incontestibly authenticated, and Which to pooh'pooh would be to deny the veracity of men of sterling probity, of strong pommonsense,'arid sound judgment. '. , .-• • • Tbe late R. E. Haverfield bore such a character. His weU- batanced'taiind! would, jnot allow the imagination.to,-copjure up,airy, forms.; jet he had a strange tale to tell which to. his dying day he never could account for. I never witnessed his anger bat once, and that was when - 1 , hinted that bis fancy might .have something to do with the vision - he had seen, which remark occasioned a perfect outburst of his wrath. He declared solemnly " that my own form and presence in that chair waB not more palpable, than the form and presence, he had Been." His story is short and simple, if mysterious, which I shall narrate in a few words later on. I have one or two incidents of a supernatural character to relate, the authenticity of which have been vouched for. Lord Chancellor Brougham, who stood head and Bboulders above his contemporaries in intellectual stature and in general erudition, left on record a memo, to the following effect:—When young man at college be had a friend, a fellow student, who like himself waB of a speculative turn of mind. They used to take long walks to' gether, and on such occasions all sorts of knotty problems were discussed—tbe relation of mind matter, tbe connection between soul and body, the future state of bliss or the reverse, the power disembodied spirit may or may not have in revisiting tbe place of its former abode, &c.; They seemed to have strong faith in the power of tbe human will, whether in the body or out of it. . Well, this is what their speculations lei tbem to do one day. Tbey opened a vein, each in his own arm, and with the red ink signed a document to the effect that whoever died first bis spirit would immediately appear to tbe other if it had the power to do so. Tempus fugit! Tears roll past, acd these two quondam friends are separated far and wide by mountain, stream, and sea—the one in Britain the other in far-off India. So long a time had elapsed since the one saw or heard from the other, and so estranged had distance made them, that they bad almost forgotten each other's existence, and certainly forgotten the youthful freak named above. One day tbe Chancellor was in the act of taking a bath, when to his utter amazement the form, face, and features of the friend of his youth appeared in the bathroom, and stood there long enough for tbe former to mark every lineament and to discern whom it really was. Some months afterward news reached home that this person had died at Calcutta, and when the longitude of the two places was computed and compared, it was found that the death in India occurred at or about the exact.hour when the apparition was seen in the bathroom. Lord Brougham did not parade this incident during his lifetime, but after his death an account of it was found among bis papers in his own handwriting. He did not try to account for it, but in unadorned ianguage- recorded the -sifnp.Jja Jact j and possessing a nature of rigid, stern reality, he was not the one to allow the imagination to impose upon him. Here is another case in' point. Genera) T. Fitchie recently wrote a book on Burmah, and in it he says:—" Whilst I was reading at Moulmein I saw a ghost with mine ovpn eyes in broad day light, of which I could make'anAffidavit: ] bad an old schoolfellow, who was afterwards a college friend,. vratJL Srhom I", hid lived in the closest intimacy. • Years, however, had ; passed away , without our seeing, each other. One morning I had justgot put of bed and was dress ing myself when suddenly my old. friend entered the room. I greeted him warmly, told him to call for a cup of tea in the^verandah) and promised to be with him immediately.'' I drfessed myself in all baste and -went ont into the verandah, but I found no one there. I could not believe my eyes. 1 called to-the sentry, who was posted at front of the home, whom no one could pass unnoticed. But he had seen no strange gentleman that morning. The servants also declared that no such person had entered the house. I was certain I had seen my friend. I was not thinking about him at the time, yet I was not taken ,by surprise, as steamers and other vessels are frequently arriving at Moulmein. , A fortnipbt. afterwards; news arrived that .he had died, 600 miles off, about the very time I saw him at Moulmein. _ It is useless to comment upon this story. To this day I have never doubted that I really saw the spirit of my deceased friend." Sometimes we hear of premonitions and pre sentiments—*' coming events cast their shadows before." A carpenter's wife in Geelong dreamt that her husband, who was working in Gippsland, had fallen from a scaffold and was picked up dead. The dream, alas, proved too true. Tbe poor man missed his footing^ fell to the earth, and was killed, on the day succeeding the dream. -But, happily,-where-one -adversedream or evil foreboding may couie true ten thousand evil prognostications never occur, and it is foolish, if not weak, in any one to allow himself or herself to be troubled about dreams. But that by the way. ! „ . „ Lord Castlereagh was Secretary of War in Kng : land. It is said of him that he first fried to cut bis country's throat and then his own. He was a .guest at Holland House on one occasion. Tbe bedroom he occupied had a fire- grate. Coals were left burning in it when he went to bed In the middle jof the night be awoke, and looking towards ihe fireplace he saw sitting there a young man fantastically dressed and wearing long yellow hair. The secretary sat up in his bed gazing at the lad and wondering," Who or what is be ? How did he get in through bolted doors and grated windows ? Could he have fallen down the chimney ? What dark purpose is he up to ?" While thus cogitating the yonng lad turned round, looked his Lordship fair in the face, drew his hand twice under his chin, across his throat, then vanished out of sight Inthe morning the agitated gentleman mentioned the apparition to Lord Holland, who seemed disinclined to talk about it Before the year was out Lord Castlereagh imitated the young lad he saw, drew his hand under the chin, but there was « razor in it. He cut his own tbroat—to the relief, perhaps, of Mr. Canning, another member of the British Cabinet, wfeo got wounded in a duel with Castlereagh. « oh, mother I" exclaimed aohild one morning after ehe awoke, "Iliad such a fanny dream I saw myself dressed all in white, with a rose on my breast. Mr. came with a narrow black box, and I was laid in it and the lid was fixed close and tight. You were all crying, but I was not. The Rev. Mr. —— was present,.and the 'next Sunday he. was dressed like me, and they laid him in a bigger and longer box" "Whisht," said the. fond mother, "it was only a dream. Don't think any more about it, my child." The following Sunday saw that child in its coffin, and on the next Sunday but one the rev. gentleman' referred to in the dream was "laid in his ' coffin likewise. Can anyone offer a satisfactory explanation of 6uch an incident ? I presume that what philosophers call "occult science " is still in its infancy. The next is an incident that occurred in the early days of tbiB colony at a homestead named Parramarago, « native name for "good land." Two female nurses were engaged on this station —Eliza M and Mary D , womeu who had been transported, and on their arrival, were assigned to Mr. . A great friendship had sprung up between these women on board ship, and their joy was great when they found they were - not to be separated. After they had been employed for some time—Eliza as head and Mary as under nurse—Mary observed that her dear friend Eliza at times wore an abstracted air, and 6he felt that the latter had not entirely taken her into her confidence. At last the truth leaked out. F , a tailor on the place, had asked Eliza to come and cheer his lonely life. She consented, and in due time they were married, and went to live in B , a little village three miles distant from the homestead. Mary now received promotion, being appointed head :nurse, and Julia S took the' place the had vacated. But with all her fresh duties she still found time for frequent visits to B——, and hadjong gossips' with "her friend. It is well known that the Government women were addicted to habits of intemperance. Many were tbe plans they adopted - to procure spirits, ' chiefly ruin, even going' several miles after nightfall to procure a bottle of this liquor. Eliza and Maay were no exception to tbe rule, and no doubt Mrs.. F's good rum was one of the attractions generally in B . Many were the glasses they had together, and F , who alsu worshipped at tbe shrine of Bacchus, often formed a third at these carnival gatherings. Mahy, however, always returned home in time to superintend the dis- robing and putting the children to bed. She occupied tbe same room as the two youngest, a large '.apartment, with a smaller one off it in which Julia slept. One night the latter was awakened by a cry of "Julia ! Julia 1 is that you, Julia ?" and on getting up and going into Mary's room she found her setting up in bed, and by the light of tbe lamp saw that Mary's face was ashen pale, ana that she was trembling like tin 'aspen leaf. • She said on waking hp' she had seen a figure standing in front of the fireplace; she then called out, thinking that ] ternaps Julia had got up to look at the children. Directly she spoke she declared that the figure had turned and vanished into a china closet in pbich were. kept; plates, cups,] jfor.^ the chUdrenV.meals..-- Tbiait .did-.withou^ppening the door, and Mary,' ta' tier great liorror, saw that the figure was headlesB; also, notwithstanding that it had no head, she .knew it was ber friend Eliza F . She persisted in this story, and nothing would satisfy ber but to go down stair?, awaken her master, "and' tell it to him. He laughed at the whole affair, and with the. remark that she was an extremely foolish woman, bade her go back to bed. This was half-past 2 in the morning, but nothing could persuade her to follow this advice. Julia volunteered to sit up with her and await the reappearance of the headless woman, as she doubted her; but they were not favouredby another .visit. Mary was much distressed at Julia's levity regarding tbe apparition ; She evidently looked upon it as something far too serious to be made a jest of. Perhaps those who read the sequel will agree with her. Early next morning Mr. was awakened by a messenger frpm B to report to him in official capacity as a magistrate the death of E'fiza F . It transpired that on the previous night F and bis wife had indulged in deeper potation than usual, and he, awakening from a drunken Bleep at half-past 2 in the morning, found his wife in the fireplace with her head burnt off. The incident made such an impression on Mary that she never tasted spirits again. Htre is Mr. Haverfield's story : We had not eeen each otherfor some months. We met one day at tbe agricultural show-yard, Sandhurst. After the usual greeting he took me aside and began—" There may be nothing in it, but I have been wishing to tell it you. I was comiug through Market-square on my way to the office about 8 pin. on 2nd July. One or two street lamp* threw their light dimly across where I was walking, so it was neither dark nor yet very bright I observed a lady comiug to meet me. She walked right up close, and thinking she did not notice. me, I stepped aside to let her pass, when 1 at once recognised ber and turned to speak, but could see no one. I was as certain it was Mrs. C as I am of my own existence. Where could she have gone BO suddenly 1 t kept looking and wondering for a while, then re sumed my walk toward the office, 100 yards away, I bad no sooner entered the office than I noticed your telegram turned toward me, announcing Mrs C 's death that afternoon 20 miles in the country where she resided, had not been thinking about ber, nor was aware she bad been so near her death. 