CHAPTER XXV. TUG MYBTEBIOUS FOE AGAIN. Tho Countess of Strathspoy found hersolf hedged in with difficulties oil every band. Tlio estates of Aukland OakB, and tho launch chateau wcro hor own, but thorn wis 110 nvailablo money, and it required cash in abundance to instituto and carry oil a lawsuit. Moreover, when tho went to her lawyor, Sir Henry Galbrailh, with a great many apologieB, and in very polite phrano, I10 de clined to take tho case in hand. Ho had never lojt a caso, and ha did not eiro to lose one. Hers was «imply hopuloaa. The Earl of Strathspey had accepted and aclcnowledg. d one child an his own, and tbero was not tlio least proof in tlio world to establish tho claims of this other one. Nothing but tho fact that ho had a similar birth mark. A. dozen cliildron in the kingdom might havo the snme thing ! It was a weak caao. and lie was forced to duclino oitlier advice oraclion in regard to it. Tlio countess wont away bitterly disappointed, yet forced to acknowledge tho truth of what tho lawyor had said. She had no heart to mako an other cil'ort. . Tho winter wont by slowly and droarily at Auk land Oaks. Dark days and dismal nights to poor, heart-broken- Judith and her lady. And spring brought them no hope. Tlio young foliage b 'gan to sprout upon tho oak boughs, and tbo Kentish liop-fiolds to grow greon in tho genial Bunlight, but for theBO two thero came no rift of light, no ray of hope. Lady Strathspey made no effort to seo her own children. Her husband's decree could not bo dis ob,-ycd. Much as slio hungered, in hor motherly tenderness, for litllti Poarl, uvon for poor, sallow checked Angus, ulio made no ellbrt to see tliem, and Lady Nevillo sent her no tidings in regard to I them. With tho opening of tho warm weather, slio and Judith journuyod down to Dover, and across tho Channel, and into the green valley of tlio Tyrol. Tho Bhepherd's cottngo was unchanged. The old man and his wife still lived, and littlo Eomulus was growing to bo a lino lad, stout andsturdy, and very handsomo in hid Saxon fairness ; and with overy year the mark upon his fair, round arm, grew deeper and ruddier. But tho old woman had a strange story to toll. "Only a week beforo," said sho, "a Btrango woman had been thero, a haniiomo woman, dark and tall, but with a wicked look in her oyos. Sho wanted to see tho child tho CouuteBS of Strath spey had Bent her. Littlo Romulus was called up and paraded beforo her, and sho stared at him as if ho woro a ghost, lier faco growing wliito, and her limbs shaking under her. Then sho went away, but tbo next day slio returned, and said tho countess wished tho boy to bo brought to England,' and had sent her to pay tho old peoplo for their trouble and take him away. But tho old peoplo rofusod to givo him up, and hold on to him In tho faco of all this strango, dark woman could say md do." Lady Strathspey grew wliito with terror, as sho heard this story, and sho drew tho child to hor iioaom with a eonvulsivo clasp. " My darling, you aro all I havo," BIio Bobbed, and tlioy would rob me of you.' 'And you did not Bend the Btrango woman lien, my lad> ?" questioned tho old mar 4 Send her ? On, no, no I' cried tho countess ; 'it is som<j vile conspiracy, some cruel falsehood, co get him nut of tho way. But thoy shall not, they shall not have him boy, my j darling, mj darling I' Romulus looked up vritli wondering eyes, only dimly comprehending the cause of tho beautiful lady's toars, and listened gravely whilo tho countess and tho old couple ditcutfscd their plans for the future. Lady Strathspey desired to tuko tho boy to England, tmd deeply us it grieved thorn to givo him up, thoy thought it would be bettor. lie might bo stolon from them, and it WAS time, as his mother said, that his cdacation was being cared for. Their arrangements were mado accordingly, and nftor a foiv day's sojourn in tho valley, the morrow was appointed for tboir doparturo. Tho afternoon was unspeakably lovely. A. May "aftornoon amid tho sunlight Alpino poaks. Lady Strattispoy took hor Jittio boy by the hand and started out for a walk, leaving Judith to assist tho old woman in her evening labors. Slio strolled along tho edgo of tho valley, tho great mountain peaks towering ahovo h«r, littlo Komulus gather ing blossoms and skipping pebbles, and Wolf, tho grim slieep-ilog, tottering along behind. Tho boy ran on shouting, and laughing, and shaking tho blonda ringlets ovor liia bright bluo oyos ; such a liandsomo, manly littlo fellow, so like his father, tho husband who had wronged and insulted her cruelly. Tho countess watched him, her heart swelling and hor oyes overflowing with tears.J Presently they camo to a lovely littlo nooic at tlio very foot of a great cliff, a mossy bed all over grown with wiid blossoms aud red buries. Lady Strnthspoy sat down on an arching rock, whilo llomulus gathered tho berries and dIossoiob and twined thom into a garland for Wolf's neck. Tho afternoon sunnhino streamed around thom in rifts of gold, and tho murmur of tho river and tlio notes of the ring-dovo filled thoir cars with music. In a littlo whilo n flock of goats enmo bloating by on their way to the cottage fold. Wolf pricked up his " ears and stared after them, and littlo Romulus followed, shouting and laughing at tho frolicsomo gambols of tho kids. Smiling eadly, tho countess aiose to follow, whon all at oncu, as if tho yawning mountain had sunt it forth, n black ligure arose beforo her, a tall, shadowy figtiro, with a wild, unearthly face. 'Countess of Strathspoy,' it criod, with that samo mocking laugh, in that same terriblo voico sho so well remoDjbored, ' liavo not my gwords comotruo? You aro robbed of your wealth and titlcB, scorned by your husband, aud derided by tho world. My hour has como.' Jjady Strathspey reeled back against tho rocks half-fainting in lur terriblo fright; bnt a shrill cry, a child s cry, aroused her. Sho started for ward juBt in [timo to BOO the black-robed iigaro disappoar round the cliff, bearing littlo Romulus in its arms. Tho boy was struggling to get freo and his cap had fallen off, leaving his fair head baro. Tlio poor mother never forgot that night. With o»o wild Rhriolc of agony she darted a'ter thorn, but when sho turned round tho baso of tho cliff tlioy wore nowhrro to bo seen. Wolf, tho sheepdog, leaving his earo of tho goats, Btartod off in pursuit, keeping his noso to tho ground and buying deeply. But tlio scent asoinud to baltlo l.icu. In (ho green valloy beyond tho clill thero was nothing to bo seen but tho browsing goats and the peaceful May sunshine ; and tho poor animal,' conscious it seemed that his littlo playmate was gono, ran buck to (ho spot whiro his cap l'iy, and crouching down be^idu it, howled mournfully. Lady Strathspey mado her way back to tho cottage and told her torrihlo story. Tlio oli man started aut and summonod his neighbors to help him. .All night long, from the rising to tho Betting of tho sears, tlioy hunted, scouring the valleys, climbing tho bold cliffs, peering into tho rocky caverns, but little IlomuluB could not bojouud. 