TWO CHRISTMASES. CHAPTER L The winter had been mild that year. On Christmas Eve there was no sign of either frost or enow. The soft haze that hung over the landscape like a veil was neither healthy nor exhilarating. Bain had fallen heavily the day before, and everythiog still Beemed damp—roads, green fields, and leafless trees—all alike oozed water, and were dark and colorleBB and sad. There was a greyness in the sky, a profound stillness over the rustic Midlandshire meadows, which depressed even the stout riders who had Jaeen out all day and were trooping homeward in the dusk of the short winter's day with the feeling that—for once—their expedition in this murky weather had scarcely been worth the pains. A little group of men halted tor a few minutes at the well-known cross-roads outside the village of Edgefield. There was a little talk, a little laughter, before the gentlemen separated, but at last the cheery farewells were spoken, and the party broke up. Two went together along the Melfortroad, three turned towards Ootbridge, and the neighboring county town; and one faced round to the west, where a narrow lane, skirted by deep banks and gaunt hedgerows, ran from the cross-roads straight to Edgefield Hall. The lane was half-amile in length, and lay between great lengths of pasture land; the clustering red houses of which the village was composed stood beyond the cross-roads, full threequarters of a mile from "the great house," the residence of Sir Raymond Lawrence, the landlord of the Edgefield villages. It -was to this house that the solitary horseman went. As he turned into the lane, he thought himself that it was a pretty place in summer, when dog-roses and honeysuckles trailed along the hedgeB, when the steep bauks were bright with stitch wort and convolvuluses, and thrush and blackbird and nightingale sounded their notes sweetly in the shadowing elm- trees above. But now the lane was dreary—unspeakably dreary, as the shadows of evening drew on apace, and gave to it the look of a deep tuunel in the darkness. There was a loneliness, a weirdness in the scene which might well have chilled the blood of a nervous man. But the rider who wheeled his horse round into the narrow lane had never known the sensation of nervousness in his life. He was deep in thought, of a p'easurable kind, judging from the smile that played upon his lips, and he let the bridle fall loose upon his horse's neck. It was not necessary to guide him. " Sultan" was sure-footed and knew the way. But the lane was not so lonely as it looked. Half-way down it there was gate into a field. Thii gate, fitting into a hollow which had been dug out of the bank, formed a Tecess wherein a figure might easily crouch without being seen by an approaching passenger. Here for two hirare of the afternoon a man had lurked, in waiting for the • rider who now came by. It would not be a pleasant thing to think that a man of this man's build and countenance was lying in ambush for one in a lonely lane at the hour of dusk—especially if he happened to be one's enemy. Roger Fleetwood was a tall sturdy fellow, with a brawny arm, a sullen eye, a lowering brow; he was not without hiB Bhare of good looks, but a malignant expression took away from hiB dark face all claim to admiration. He was dreBsed in shabby velve- teen, and carried a stout oak stick in bis hand. ^ He leaned against the gatepost, screening himself behind a great thornbush, trying as much as possible to hide himself rom the eyes of any casual passerby. It was for no good purpose that he stood waiting and watching there. He also had been watched for part of the afternoon. In the field to which the gate gave entrance there had lingered a lean, dark-eyed, sallow-faced boy, about 13 years of age. He had twice crossed the field without beiDg seen; once he had come near the gate and been sworn at and roughly ordered away. Roger Fleetwood had kept stricter watch after this episode. But he did not see the lad again; probably he had gone home. - He was Roger's nephew, Stephen Fleetwood by name. In the stillness of the evening hour, Fleetwood at last heard the sound of a horse's hoofs in the lonely lane. He tightened his grasp upon the cudgel; a murderous look came into his bloodshot eyes. " Til do for him now," he muttered to himself. " I'll pay him out. He's got no chance against me." There was a bend in the lane just before the gate. The horse and its rider came slowly, steadily forward. A glance showed Fleetwood that the gentleman was totally off bis guard. The ruffian did not hesitate. In one moment he had seized the bridle and was trying to pull the rider from his saddle. But he met with more opposition than he had expected. The horse plunged and reared, but the horseman kept his seat. " Fleetwood 1 Standoff, sir! What do you mean, man 1" " I mean to have you down from there and beat you to a jelly," said Fleetwood, making a new attempt to dismount his enemy. He bad the best of it this time, The gentleman was dragged from his saddle, and the horse escaped with a great pounding of hoofs along the lane. The two men closed with one another in a terrific struggle, in the midst of which Fleetwood breathed out oaths, curses, accusations, whilst his opponent kept a grim silence and wrestled hard. He was slighter than Fleetwood, but agile and muscular. Fleetwood was beginning to breathe noisily; he was losing ground. " HI pay you out—for turning me off— I'll make you repent it—you shall pay for it," he panted, with his furious face close to that of his foe, his arms closing in a deadly embrace around - the body of his enemy. "You shall suffer—too." But he had not all the advantage that he thought. By some sadden twist, some almost superhuman effort, the man whom Fleetwood was attacking got his right arm free. His hand still clasped the heavy hunting crop, of which he had taken a firmer hold at the moment when Fleetwood gripped his bridle. He struck with it now —struck with all his strength at the gamekeeper's head. The man's hands relaxed; he fell backward into the road without a groan. The blow had been well aimed, it had fallen with terrific force upon the ruffian's temple. As he lay across the road, his whole body quivered throughout for a moment or two, his eyelids opened and shut, and a frightful contraction of his features took place, a convulsive stretch of the moulb that looked like a ghastly grin. Then the flickering eyeballs seemed to turn in their sockets, and the body lay quite still; the mouth dropped, and the features assumed quietness whioh seemed almost unnatural in its perfect repose. There could be no doubt as to the meaning of that terrible stillness. The blow had been well struck, and it had sent Roger Fleetwood to his last account. The man who had struck him stood for a minute or two In stunned amaze. Then he knelt down'in the road and'examined hiB late enemy's face, raised the helpless hands and laid them down again, stood up and looked round for help, like one distraught. His face had grown as pale as that of the dead man himself. Evidently he could scarcely believe that his blow had had such a terrible result. He even dashed some water on Fleetwood's face, half hoping that the man was insensible—not really dead. But his efforts were of course of no avail. Roger Fleetwood was dead—killed by a blow dealt by another man. The blow was certainly given in self-defence ; but for all that, the man who had given it felt himself suddenly—wretchedly— branded for ever with the mark of Cain. He bent over the prostrate figure and examined it again. There was no Bign of animation. He could doubt no longer. Fleetwood was dead—dead as a stone. The man who had killed stood for a minute or two, looking at the dead face 1 with a growing sense of horror. The night seemed to have darkened suddenly around him, but that dead-white face was awfully distinct. He felt that he muBt go away from it. He must get help—he must send men for the body—he must tell the story to his friends. Must he? But why? He had many reasons for wishing this deed undone, or at any rate undiscovered. Why need he implicate himself? There was no one near. No one need ever know that it was by his hand Roger Fleetwood, the poacher the gaol bird, the criminal, lay dead in Edgefield-lane. He came to no decision at the moment. He turned away, meaning to be guided by circumstances. Perhaps the servants at the Hall had already been alarmed by the appearance of a riderless horse; if so, he would have to explain what had occurred. But no; a few paces brought him to the startled animal, still quivering with nervous alarm, but ready to yield obedience to his muster's voice and hand. Sultan's master patted and soothed him, leading him for a few paceB along the road; then he re-ad- justed his clothes, which had been torn and crumpled in the scuffle, re- mounted the horse again, and rode quietly away to Edgefield Hall. The dead man by in the road, his sightless eyeballs upturned to the dull grey Bky. And when the sound of the horse's roofs had died away the white gate in the hedgerow was softly unlatched by a frightened, peering, white-faced lad, who crept cautiously up to Rodger Fleetwood's side and looked at the ghastly face. He looked once, twice, with chattering teeth and strangely dilated eyes, in which there might bo horror and alarm but not a sign of grief, and then he turned as if to go. Something in the road seemed to glitter at his feet and made him start. But he recovered himself, and stooped to see what it was. A gold sleeve-link, that was all. He picked it up and put it in his pocket, more from habit than any dream of identifying the murderer. Then a horror came upon him—a horror of the white face, the stiff limbs the shadows of the lane; and he fled from the place as fast as his feet would carry him. And not for many a long day did Stephen Fleetwood say what he had seen and beard upon Christmas Eve in Edgefield-lane. CHAPTER H. What a contrast between the lane in winter and the lane in summer time! Six months after 1 Roger Fleetwood's death (" wilful murder against some person or persohs unknown" had been the verdict at the inquest), the June sunshine was streaming brilliantly upon meadowland and copse, fitwood, and silvery running streams^ as if there had never been a tragedy in the world. One could hardly picture to oneself the commission of any great crime or the existence of any dark mystery on such a golden day of sunshine and delight. But sin and sorrow, folly and crime, follow us like black shadows through the brightest days of summer time. Near the cross-roads stood the outlying cottages of Edgefield. Most of the houses in tbiB village had a prosperous, well-cared- for look; but thiere was only one dwelling distinguished from the rest by its air of desolate slovenliness. The slip of garden before and behind it was a mere tangle of weeds; the windows were broken and patched with paper; the wooden gate hung loose upon its hinges. The agent had often threatened to turn out the woman who lived in this place, but she was poor, she was a widow, and the landlord, Sir Raymond Lawrence, had shown her a consideration which he was not in the habit ol showing to all his tenants. Mrs. Trotter had had several warnings, but she did not take much heed of them, and the agent had come to the conclusion that she ought to go. He had persuaded Sir Raymond on that fair June morning to ride- past Mrs. Trotter's cottage, and to convince himself, if he need convincing, that Mrs. Trotter was anything but a desirable tenant. Sir Raymond met a friend in the road not far from Mrs. Trotter's cottage. As he had one or two private matters to discuss with this gentleman, he told his boy Jack, who had accompanied him, to ride on; he would join him in a minute or two. So Jack trotted soberly forward, and then stopped for a few minutes by the wayside to contemplate the vagaries of a squirrel in a beech tree. He was a handsome, brighteyed boy of 12, the apple of his father's eye, and singularly unlike him in appearance. Sir Raymond was sallow, darkeyed, dark- haired, with sternly set features, and a half-melancholy, half-eupercilious air. He was a fine-looking man, but he was anything but genial in his manner, and was not generally liked. Now, Jack was a lad of the type which makes for popularity. One could never imagine him a disagreeable man. He was fair, curly-haired, blue-eyed, always ready for a joke, warm-hearted, generous, impetuous. It was said that he was very like his mother, who had died when be was a little child. As he waited for bis father a sound fell upon his ear Which set his young heart beating wildly. It was a child's cry—an agonized scream, ending in wails and moans of pain. With the cry came the sound of vows and an angry woman's voice; and it all came from one place—from Mrs. Trotter's cottage. There was something so peculiarly painful in the cry, something so suggestive of physical torture, that even the gentlemen in the road were struck by it. Jack Lawrence was off his pony without a moment's delay ; he left it on the road and rushed through the wooden gate and up the garden-path, straight to the cottage door. Seeing this, the two gentlemen followed him, but with more deliberation. The cries continued, but they were growing a little faint. Jack burst open the cottage door. He forgot that he had no right to rush into another person's house in this abrupt manner; the child's pathetic cries made him quite oblivious of the ordinary rules of courtesy. The sound was BO unmistakably the cry of a child in pain that Jack lost his head. And on opening the door he saw a sight which struck him dumb for the moment with horror and surprise. Mrs. Trotter was a tall, masculine-looking woman, with fierce black eyes. Her face was red with anger, and her black hair hung over her shoulders, looBened by the exercise in which she seemed to be engaged. Her sleeves were rolled up to her elbow, displaying strong, red arms; with one great hand sh6 clutched the bare shoulder of a child of seven or eight years old, and with the other she wielded a broomstick, her weapon of chastisement. The child's dress was almost torn off her back, which bore the traces of cruel punishment. "How dare you!" cried Jack, quite ready to enter into the lists with this virago, in defence of an innocent child. " Leave off beating your little girl this moment " "Whatdo you come interfericg for?" aaid Mrs. Trotter, who possibly did not recognise her landlord's son. " Til doBB I please wi' my own, at any rate." And down came the stick once more, leaving a great red wheal acrosB the child's hare shoulders, and causing her to shriek in agony. Jack could not bear the sight or the sound. He sprang upon the woman and tried to wrest the stick from her hands. In her surprise at his audacity, she let the child escape from her grasp; and when at very moment the two gentlemen—one of them a justice of the peace—appeared at her very door, she let go her hold of the weapon and started back in some alarm. The child lay on the ground, moaning and sobbing bitterly; the red and livid marks on ber white flesh told their own tale. " What does this mean! What are you doing to that child V asked Sir Raymond sternly. The woman dropped a curtsey and gave him a sullen, half-frightened stare. " Children mnst be correctcd," she said roughly, "when they do wrong. "She's a Tittle thief and liar, and she deserves a whipping." " No child can deserve such punishment as you are inflicting," said Sir Raymond. " Lt is sheer, unmitigated cruelty, and shall see that you are punished for it. I can bear witness as to your treatment of your child, and I'm much mistaken if the magistrates will not give you hard labor for it. You will get notice to-night to leave this cottage, Mrs. Trotter, and I shall see about getting your child into a home. You are evidently not fit to take charge of her." " She ain't my child, and I don't want to have no charge of her," 6aid Mrs. Trotter, doggedly. " She the wust child I ever came acrosB, and deserves all she gets, she does. She takes arter her father." " Who is her father." "He's dead and gone. He was one Roger Fleetwood—belike you have heatd of him, seeing as how he was once in your employ, and turned off for dishonesty, and afterwards found dead in your own lane." Jack was Watching his father's face, and saw a change come over it, at which ho wondered. Sir Raymond tamed pale, and set his lips firmly together, as if to control a sodden spasm of pain. Jack asked himself whether his father had been taken ill. " Fleetwood's child ?" said Sir Raymond, after a moment's silence. " I never knew that he had any family." " Oh yes, he did, sir; he had that one child, and a good-for-nothing, lying little husseyahe is, too. Get np, yoa wicked little riper, yon!" she said, stamping her foot in a new access of fury. " Don't yoa lio there, whimpering, or I'll give you the slick again—" "Spare your threats, Mrs. Trotter," said Sir Raymond, coldly, *' you will not have the chance of doing that. How comes the little girl in your hands 1" " You may well ask that, sir," returned the woman in a tone of injury. " It's a wonder to me how ever I took up wi' any of the brood. You'll remember that her father, Roger Fleetwood, was killed in Edgefield-lane last Christmas Eve ?" " I remember," said the baronet, shortly. The spasm of pain seemed to pass over his face once more. "You know the sort of man, sir, I'm sure; seeing as how you yourself turned him off and sent him to prison for poaching, and tried your best to get him out o' the village, and nobody blames you as knows the brood/' said Mrs. Trotter, vicious'y. "There's a nevvy of his, S'ephen, as used to live with him, and since Fleetwood's death it's Stephen as pays me a trifle a week to look after that gal; but she ain't worth the trouble, she ain't; and I've had enough of her. Yah !" she turned to the child, who had drawn herself together in a sitting posture on the floor, with her face hidden on her knees, and nttered a sound of angry contempt. " I shall remove the child from your care," said Sir Raymond, with severity. " And I shall do my best to see you are punished for your cruelty. Perhaps a few few weeks in Cotbridge Gaol will teach you a little more mercy." The woman broke out in a high key. " It ain't mercy that's been wanting—the child's a sneaking little liar, as deserves every bone in her body broke—it's kindness itself I've been to her—and as fur Cotbridge Gaol—" Bat Sir Raymond turned away. Jack was already on one knee beside the little girl, coaxing and petting her, offering her bon-bons from his pocket. He got her to look up at last. Sir Raymond gave an odd look, almost as if he felt a sense of repulsion at the sight of her. She had small features; black elf locks, and great dark eyes that looked too large for her tiny white face. She was not exactly a pretty child, but she looked as if Bbe might be pretty by-and-by. " What is your name, my little girl 1" he asked, trying to epeak kindly. The child stared at him out of her melancholy eyes, and made no reply. " Tell me your name, won't you," said Jack. She answered " Elsie," with a little sob after the word. " Father," said Jack, looking up at Sir Raymond—" you won't lec her stay here, •will you ! Let us take her to Aunt Mary, at the Hall. Aunt Mary will know what to do." Sir Raymond nodded, and turned to the woman, who was listening with a sullen, stolid air, as if she were restrained only by fear from uttering a volley of abuse. " Dress this child properly," he said, pointing to Elsie's half-bare limbs. " and I will take her away with me. Yoa can inform the cousin, Stephen, if that be his name, that she bas been taken to Edgefield HalL You will hear from me again. Tell the boy, Stephen, to come to me." In angry silence, Mrs. Trotter did as she was desired. She muttered fiercely to herself as she fastened a little frock and pinafore round Elsie's shrinking shoulders; she seemed in no way afraid of Sir Raymond, bnt bitterly vindictive against the child. When the small preparations were complete, Elsie, rather to her alarm, was taken up bafore Sir Raymond on his great black horse, and Mrs. Trotter and her cottage. and the old life of poverty and pain were left behind for ever. Elsie Fleetwood was given over to the care of "Aunt Maty"—or rather, Mrs. Murray, Sir Raymond's widowed siBter, who kept bouse for him—and Aunt Mary was delighted with the charge. Elsie Was nursed and put to bed that night in the housekeeper's own bedroom, her last question before she went to sleep was one that had been re Eited several times, " Mrs. Trotter won't able to get me away, mil she V And only when finally reassured on this point by Sir Raymond herself did she fall asleep, It was not likely that Mrs. Trotter would trouble her, for when a policeman paid her cottage a domiciliary visit he found the building empty. Mrs. Trotter had decamped, in evident fear of what the law and Sir Raymond might do to her. It was rumoured that she had been seen in Cotbridge, but nobody was certain of the fact. Her memory was finally suffered to die away ; she appeared no more in that part of the country, and her cottage was soon occupied by another family, who epproached more nearly than Mrs. Trotter, to the standard set np for the tenants on Sir Raymond's estate. The eurious thing was that Stephen Fleetwood disappeared with her. Sir Raymond expected for some days that the boy —a wild, gipsy-looking lad—would come up to the hail and ask for his little cousin, to whom (from what Ellsie and Mrs. Trotter had said), he seemed tenderly attached. But Stephen did not come. He had left his work, left the villagegone, as Mrs. Trotter had gone, without a word. And what was to be done with little Elsie, thus thrown entirely on Sir Raymond's hands. Jack sought his father out one evening, when Sir Raymond was sitting alone in the library in the twilight, and broached the subject. " We ought to decide what to do, oughtn't we ?" he said sagely, after a lengthy recapitulation of all the facts of the case, during which Sir Raymond sat silent, with his face turned to the garden and the sky, faintly visible at dusk through the open library windows. ' What do yoa want to do i" said Sir Raymond at laBt, coldly and slowly. " Oh, father," Jack burst out, " if you'd only let her stay with us! Aunt Mary says she would like to keep her always; and she's such a quiet little thing, she would never be in your way. I should like to have her for—for a little sister, if you didn't miud. You see she has no one belonging to her; there's nobody to interfere." ' Do you remember," said his father— he spoke with difficulty, it seemed to Jack —" that her father was a thief, a poacher, a blackguard of the deepest dye V A strange tone of passionate protest had crept into his voice. " What does that matter," said young Jack, with a boyish laagh. "You don't think that she's got all his bad qualities, do you, father ? All that that Mrs. Trotter said of her was a lie, you know. Poor Elsie had lost a sixpence that she had been sent with to the village shop; and that was why that a wretch of a woman beat her. She is the dearest little thing in the world. Let her stay, wont you, father J It will be so kind of you—just as kind and good as you always are." Sir Raymond moved uneasily in his chair. His son's affectionate flattery seemed ironical to him. ' It is your doing, Jack," he said. " If you want her stay here I have no objection. Aud in a lower voice: " It is not for me, surely, to put obstacles in the way." But Jack did nut heed the latter words. " She may stay ! She may stay 1" he ciied joyously. "I'll go and tell Aunt Mary; she'll be so glad. You are good, father; and E sie will be as glad as we are too." ; He ran off, whistling and singing as he went. Left alone, Sir Raymond dropped bis face upon his hands, and sat for a few moments rigid and motionless, like a figure carved in stone. Presently, however, there came a movement, a tremor, and a whispered word, " God grant that I may make amends," Sir Raymond said. CHAPTER DX Again the curtain falls; and upon a longer interval than heretofore. When it rises once more on Edgefield Hall and Edgefield village and Edgefield-lane, ten years have passed away. Elsie Fleetwood is a girl of 18; and Jack, her playfellow, her protector, her warmest and truest friend, is a young man of 22. The arrangement by which Elsie was made an inmate of Edgefield Hall had proved eminently successful. She had been Mrs. Murray's pet; she was Jack's best comrade; she was a daughter to Sir Raymond. Yes; even Sir Raymond had yielded to the influence ot her sweet brightness, her gentle beauty. If she had been his own child it sometimes seemed that he could not have loved her more. She was the petted daughter of the house. Christmas was again drawing near, and Elsie was anticipating with delight the re torn of Jack from Oxford, He bad written to her in his frank, kind, brotherly way, telling her he wanted plenty of skating that winter, and that she must be prepared to skate with him. And Elsie had smiled with glee at the prospect, and was heard to express a fervent hope that the thermometer would speedily sink to zero. It seemed as if her wish might almost be fulfilled. Winter had began early in the year; snow fell during the first week of December, and waB succeeded by a long hard frost, " If it will only last," cried Elsie on the seventeenth of this month, when symptoms of a thaw were seen and Jack was expected on the morrow. It would be unbearable if a thaw came before Jack had had any skating. She resolved to walk down to Fuller's Pond—a great shallow piece of water in the neighborhood —and to investigate for herself the chance of " bearing " for the next few days. She made a pretty picture as she set off for her afternoon's expedition, with her white silky-haired dog at her heels. She wore a costume of deep red, trimmed with dark fur, a fur trimmed hat to matcb, a long boa, and a dainty little muff. She had more than fulfilled the promise of her childhood, as far as good looks were concerned. She had a pale but clear complexion, handsome features, a masB of waving dark hair, and magnificent dark )s. She was of middle height, neither stout nor thin, but possessed of all the grace and suppleness of motion that come from perfect health and symmetry of limb. She was a beautiful girl, and it was certaiu that she would make an exceedingly beautiful woman. So thought a young man, who, unseen by her, who had followed her for some little distance along the road, and now stood watching behind a clump of pollard willows, while she amused herself with throwing sticks and stones and inciting her dog to fetch them from the ice. But the thaw had set in. The ice was cracking and bending in every direction ; it would not bear even the dog's light weight As Elsie looked, she saw a black patch of water, widening between the floating sheets of thin ice, and into this black patch poor Floss had sunk, and was now swimming and struggling, and whining piteously for help. It seemed as if the creature knew wherein the danger lay. There was a current in this part of the pond which was sucking her down, and if once Bhe was drawn under the ice she could not possibly escape. Elsie saw the danger, and uttered a faint cry. "Oh, Floss, Floss, I can't let you drown," she said. And with a sudden rash impulse she herself stepped out upon the ice. A shout from the bank arrested her. " Do not go, it isn't safe for yoa ; I'll get the dog," said a man's voice. And then she saw a dark-haired stranger, who came to the spot where she stood, and launshed forth on the uncertain surface with as much hardihood as if it had been composed of solid metal instead of brittle ice. It gave way beneath his weight immediately ; bat he did not seem to care. The water was not deep. He waded out to the dog, which barely kept itself afloat, seized the creature by its long hair, and bore it safely to land. There was no danger for a strong man. He was wet only a little way above the knees, and he did not seem to mind a wetting. " I am so much obliged to you I" cried Elsie, as he neared the bank. " Thank you, thank you. I ought not to have let the dog go on the ice. I am afraid that you are very wet." " I don't mind being wet," said the young man, with his eye rivetted strangely on her face. Elsie looked at him. He was not more than four and twenty, but he looked older. He was lean, undersized, dark and sallow; his features were well formed but sharp and thin; his eyes had a sullen look, even when he smiled, which he did frequently. There was something vaguely familiar to Elsie in his face; she stood and stared, forgetting her thanks, forgetting her politeness in the shock of a sudden recognition. " Stephen 1" she said, scarcely above her breath. " You must be Stephen Fleetwood. "That is my name," the young man answered calmly. He seemed to wait for something more. "You are my cousin," she said, with timid eagerness. She held out her hand, but he refused to take it. "I'm Stephen Fleetwood," he said, curtly, " but I'm not the cousin of a girl who gave up her own friends and her own people to go and live under the roof of her father's—enemy." He seemed to have been aboat to use another word. Elsie's face turned pale, " Do yon mean Sir Raymond 1 But—I never heard—that he was—my father's enemy." " That's a lie," said Stephen abruptly. " You heard Mother Trotter and me speak of it often enough." " I was such a little girl then," said Elsie, shrinking back. " You were not very old, but you were old enough to understand. Tou have not seen me since those days, you know, but you seem to remember me well enough. You must remember how Mrs. Trotter and I talked about Sir Raymond, and that I once told you that you must hate him to the end of your life." "YOB," said Elsie, faintly. This man with the strange, sullen light in his eyes seemed able to dominate her completely. She noticed vaguely as he spoke that his accent was that of a fairly well-edacated man—not of a gentleman; that his clothes were new and clean, but coarse; that his hands were white and soft, and his whole personal appearance indicative of care. But she felt more fear of him than liking. She roused herself with an effort to say— " If you told me so yoa mast have been very wicked. Sir Raymond is a good man; he has been very kind to me. It would be ungrateful in me to do anything but love him dearly." " Love him dearly !" repeated Stephen, his lips curling. " Love dearly your father's " He stopped short, and uttered a harsh little laugh, which spoke of exceeding bitterness. I do not believe that he was my father's enemy," said Elsie, standing her ground. I have never heard him say a word against my father. And though there had been some dispute, I am afraid, Stephen, that my poor father was in the wrong and Sir Raymond in the right. But that does not make him my father's enemy." " I did not say your father's enemy; I stopped myself,"said Stephen grimly. "I wanted to spare your feelings ; bat I don't think that there is anything to be gained by doing that. I ought to have said—your fathers murderer." And then he turned and walked away, while Elsie, white and trembling, leaned for support against a willow-stump, and tried to consider the meaning of this terrible accusation of her earliest friend. CHAPTER IV. "What is the matter with Elsie?" thought Jack Lawrence to himself a day or two after his return home. " She is like a ghost, and she seems afraid of me and of my father, too. I mast have this matter cleared up." He was sitting rather disconsolately on a stile, from which he could command a view of several fields and also of Fullei's Pond. He had asked Elsie to come for a walk with him, and she had refused. She said that she had a headache. Jack did not know what to make of it. E'sie was not like herself. " Hallo!" he ejaculated, springing up with a start, and fixing bis eyes on some moving object down by Fuller's Pond. Why, there's Elsie herself. I should know her in her pretty red frock at any distance ! Is she looking for me i She is looking for some one. I'll go and meet her." And then Jack suddenly felt his face grow hot, and his heart gave a great throb of pain and shame. Go and meet her ? Certainly not Elsie had evidently come to Fuller's Pond to meet somebody else. She was there with a young man—a stranger ; they were talking together—yes, actually the man was kissing her. Kissing sweet little Elsie, whom Jack had loved for years ? He had scarcely known it till now, bat now he realized that he loved Elsie with all his heart and soul, and that he had meant to make her bis wife. And she was capable of meeting a lover in secret down by Fuller's Pond ! Jack strode away in a fury, and swore to himself that women were all alike, all.false and bad. Of course, he thought the testimony of his eyes conclusive. Bat he was a clear-headed as well as a warm-hearted fellow. He would give Elsie the benefit of every doubt. She should have a chance of justifying herself. He had no opportunity of speaking to her that afternoon, and at dinner she sent word that she was lying down and begged not to be disturbed. " She has had a headache all day, poor child !" said Mrs. Murray pityingly. " She was not able to raise her head from the pillow all this afternoon." Jack held his peace. But next morning when Elsie came downstairs, pale-faced and heavy-eyed, he met her in a little room which sh« used u a etudio—for she had a great talent for painting and spent much time at her easel—and there, despite her look of frightened protest, he closed the door behind him, abd turned the key; " Forgive me, EWe," ho said, " hut I must have two minutes' private conversation with yon. I want to tell you that I was in the fields near Fuller's Pond yesterday afternoon." " Oh, you need Bay no more !" she cried. " I know—I know—what you mean." " Elsie, can't you tell me—can't you explain ?" "No, Jack." " There must be some mistake," said Jack, sorrowfully. " I can't believe it; I can't believe that you would deceive ub after all these years, that you would meet a man in secret because you dared not, for some reason, invite him openly to the house—oh, I can't believe it 1 There must be some explanation. Elsie, dear Elsie, can't you confide in me ? Can I not help you?" " No, Jack," she said again, but this time she said it very sadly, and hid her face in her hands when she had spoken. Jack sat down beside her and tried to take her hand. "Elsie," he said, "you love this man that you met yesterday; why shouldn't you tell me so ?" It was an heroic effort. And it brought an unexpected answer from the girl's lipB " Love him !" she cried, flinging wide her hands and showing her face ghastly pale, with dilating eyes and quivering passionate lips. " Love him ! I hate him—hate him —hate him, from the very bottom of my heart." " Then, Elsie, my darling, why did you meet him there ?" Jack's arm was round her waist by this time; it seemed to him as if no power on earth could make it wrong to place it there. " Ob, Jack, I can't tell you," she Baid, but she rested her hoar on his shoulder, and cried more quietly. " Oughtn't you to tell me everything, dear, the man that loves you far better than anybody in the world 1 Elsie, I have always loved you since you were a child. love you more deeply than ever now, and I can't help thinking that you love me—a little—too." " Tes, Jack," 6he said simply, as if she were the child that she had been when she loved her first. " Well enough to be my wife, some day, darling!" Bhe started and tried to free herself from his encircling arm. " Oh, Jack," she said, pitifully enough, " I can't be your wife." Why not, if you love me, dear ?" " But, I—I—did not say that I loved you well enough—for that." Jack loosened his arm at once, Elsie's face had turned white; her eyes were fixed upon the floor. Jack looked at her earnestly for a minute or two and in silence. " Is that true, Elsie 1" he said at last, in a tone of the deepest feeling. " Could you not love - me well enough for that ? What is it that has come between us ? This man that I saw you with at Fuller's Pond, he has something to do with this change of yours—for it is a change; you are not like the Elsie that I used to know. Tell me, dear, has he anything to do with it ? " Yes," she answered. Her face was as white as though death had set its seal upon her lips. Jack paused. " I will distress you with no more questions," he said gravely," but I must ask you, EIsi6, not to meet this man—any man—in secret again. Let him come to the house if he wants you, and ask my father bravely for your hand." " Your father," exclaimed the girl, sud denly wrought to a frenzy of fear, grief, and pain, which brought words to her lips she had never meant to utter. " Oh, no, no! They must never meet 1 Keep them apart for my sake, Jack, or all that I can do will be in vain." And then, to Jack's alarm and surprise, Elsie fell back fainting in the chair. CHAPTER V. "I should know the fellow again if I met him," said Jack to himself. He went out about dusk that afternoon, and sauntered dawn to Fuller's Pond, half hoping to meet the man that Elsie had met the night before. Jack had a good memory for faces. He meant to accost that man and give him a piece of his mind. But Fuller's Pond was deserted, and the half-frozen meadows around it were empty and desolate. Jack turned homewards, by a somewhat circuitous route, meaning to walk through Edgefield and come back to the hall by way of the lane. He thought that he might see the stranger in the village. He had nothing to do, and was not disposed for any active employment; indeed he was too miserable for anything but idle loitering. Elsie was in her room, under Mrs. Murray's watchful care; and Sir Raymond had been ailing of late, > and was not able for much conversation or exertion of any sort. Jack had no friend at hand to whom he could turn for the comfort to be found in discussion of the situation. He was thoroughly depressed, He passed down the straggling street of Edgefield without seeing any sign of the man he sought. But when he came to a cottage that stood alone, a cottage on the very outskirts of the hamlet, in a garden by itself, there he stopped short with a Btart. For at that cottage door stood the man of whom he was in search. And Jack—with his good memory for faces—suddenly x& eognised him as Stephen Fleetwood, Elsie's cousin, the ne'er-do-weel lad, who had mysteriously disappeared from the village with Mrs. Trotter ten years ago. And he was now standing at the door of the little house which Jack had never entered since the day on which ho rescued Elsie from a cruel woman's hands. It came across his mind now that he might have to rescue her also from the hand of a cruel man. He pushed open the gate and walked up the garden path. Stephen Fleetwood faced him at th6 door. I haven't the pleasure of knowing you," he said, as Jack approached, in a stolid tone. He was smoking, and he did not remove his pipe. "But I know you," said Jqck, sharply, You're Stephen Fleetwood." The sallow-faced, dark-eyed man raised one eyebrow, and glanced at him suspiciously, then set his lips. So you know me, do you!" he said, putting down his pipe. " I thought she couldn't keep her own counsel long. Come in, sir, I suppose you want a word with me." " Two or three words," said Jack, per- ceiving that Fleetwood suspected Elsie of having betrayed him, and resolving to impress that suspicion on his mind. He followed the man into the kitchen, and stood by the deal table, which was now placed in the middle of the room, while Stephen closed the door* Jack noticed that there was a look of triumph on the man's dark face. "You're Mr. Lawrence, I suppose?' Stephen Fleetwood said. " Well, sir, what have you to say to me ?" u I have come to know what you mean by trying to gain an evil ascendancy over the mind of a young girl, who has the misfortune to be your cousin," said Jack, determined to get to the point at once. " Evil! How do you know it be evil? And why is it a misfortune that I am her cousin ? I call a piece of good fortune for her. But for my being her cousin, she would have no chance of getting her wrongs and her father's wrongs righted." "Her wrongs! What do you mean She has had every comfort that we could give her during the last ten years." " Oh, yes, she has been well bribed/ said Fleetwood, scornfully. " Bribed! You are insulting my father and myself." A contemptuous laugh broke from Fleetwood's lips. " Your father! As if he could be insulted! Your father Good Lord 1 the less you say about your father the better 1" He had not counted on Jack's quickness of temper. The young fellow had sprung upon him and brought him to the ground then shook him as a terrier shakes a rat, " Say you beg my father's pardon and mine," said Jack imperiously, " or I'll shake you to a jelly." "What!" said Fleetwood, looking up into his face with his haggard dark eyes, and speaking with difficulty, because Jack'i fingers were between his collar and his fhiviat throat, "lilrn" like father, fatiipr. like lilra son! ! Do you vou want to kill me, too ?" The insinuation was so clear, so terrible that Jack involuntarily Jet go his hold and staggered backwards. Fleetwood lost no time in getting on his feet. Once free, his hands flew to his coat pocket. He pro duced a revolver, laid it on the table before him, and looked at Jack. "Attack me again," he said, "and shall fire." " You miserable hound!" exclaimed Jack, who had this time almost lost control over his wrath, "you are not worth touching by an honest man. No wonder your cousin gays that she hates you—hates you with all her heart and soul." His words produced a remarkable effect. Fleetwood's face grew lividly pale; the hand with which he held the revolver trembled. "She never said that," he muttered, with his eyes on Jack's face. "She did, indeed, She hates and spides you." By this time Fleetwood had recovered himself. A strange smile flickered in his eyes. " She may hate and despise me, as you say," he answered slowly; " but for all that she has promised to take me as her husband and to be a faithful and even a loving wife." " Then," said Jack with fierceness, " you are a ruffian and a blackguard indeed; you know as well as I do that she loathes the very sight of you." Did she send you to tell me this ?" No." But she said that she hated me ?" " Yes," answered Jack, with a strange pang of fear for Elsie's sake, as ho said the word. Fleetwood uttered a harsh laugh. " She shall be punished for that," he said, looking Jack straight in the face. " You saw her punished once when she was a child, in this very room; you shall see her punished again—but in a different way, Oh, yes, of course in a different way. I've got Mrs. Trotter for my housekeeper now, for I've been doing well in the world, and can have servants of my own ; and when Elsie is my wife, of course I shall not let Trotter touch her. But I shall punish her none the less for her treachery to me." " Treachery to you! What treachery is there in saying that she hates you!" A woman should not say that she hates the man she is going to marry," said Fleetwood with his malicious smile. " Keep up your heart, sir; it is you that have put me in possession of this precious piece of information, and you shall have your reward. And she, too. And now, as it's growing dark, don't you think that you'd better be getting home—home to my promised wife, remember, and to your father, your good, virtuous, respected father!" " If you don't hold your tongue I'll throw you out of the window," Jack gasped breathless with rage. "And in that case," said Fleetwood I should feel tempted—strongly tempted —to put a little leaden bullet through your brain. But I won't do that; no we've had enough of murder between our families, haven't we, my fine young gentle man ? We'll have no more!" He turned and went into the inner room, leaving Jack alone in the dimly lighted kitchen. Silent and bewildered, Jack made his way once more into the open air. He deliberated within himself whether he ought or ought not to go to his father with the tale of Stephen Fleetwood's strange ways and words. But he shrank, in some inexplicable manner, from even repeating the mysterious hints that the man had given, What did they actually mean 1 He must find that out first. Did Fleetwood think (Jack asked himself ) that Elsie's father had come to his end by foul play ? And did he fancy that Sir Raymond, the proud, up right gentleman, known and respected through all the country-side, bad had hand in it ? Jack turned Bick with horror and indignation at the thought. But what else was the meaning of the man's words And how had he got this notion into hi miserable head. He put off speaking to his father until Sir Raymond should be better—ha had been suffering a good deal for the last few days ; he said to himself ho would speak to Elsie firBt. He waited a day or two, during which time Elsie shut herself up in her room and denied herself to everybody. I nanswer to an urgent note from Jack, she replied by four words on a sheet of paper sent inside a sealed envelope : " Wait until Christmas Eve." But for what was he to wait? It was only one day more. Devoured by anxiety, by doubt, by pain of every kind, Jack put the note in his pocket and waited for the morrow. CHAPTER YI. It was to be a white Christmas, apparently. The snow came down in the night, softly, silently, heavily. On the morning before Christmas Day a white carpet had been spread over the world. There was jubilation in the hearts of the Edgefield villagers; for they were one and all invited up to Edgefield Hall to have supper in the great hall, which would be decked with holly and mistletoe, and beautiful to behold. Also, there would bo a band of musicians in the gallery at one end of the hall to discourse sweet music to the guests. Every man and woman in Edgefield was invited to this annual supper; but no children-—the children all came on Boxing Day. And half the pleasure of the visitors consisted in Elsie Fleetwood—one of themselves, as it were, yet grown so lovely, so fascinating, EO thoroughly kind and good. There was no jealousy of her good fortune felt in the village. Her gaiety, hor charm of manner, and her tenderness of heart had made every one her friend. At the Hall everything was in a state of preparation for the great supper. The servants were up early, working with a will to get the room ready, and to deck it beautifully; and it was felt to be a real misfortune when the news passed from mouth to mouth that Miss Elsie must be ill; she hadn't been down that morning, and she had said that she did not wish to be disturbed until 10 o'clock. They did not know how to get on without her— what to do about the decorations; it would be a poor Christmas if Elsie were not among them with her sunny smile. And in the midst of all this busy clatter in rushed a frightened maid-servant with a scaled letter in her hand. " Mies Elsie's gone away, her bed's not been slept in, and she's left a letter for Mr. Jack on her dressing table," she gasped out. Yes, it was true. Elsie had left the bouse, for what purpose nobody could imagine. The housekeeper took the sealed letter to Mrs. Murray, and she, weeping, fearing, yet not daring to delay, gave it at once to Jack. I can only ask you to forgive me," . Elsie had written, " and not to believe that I have a bad motive in leaving Edgefield Hall. Yon have all be most kind to me— all. But I have premised to marry my cousin, Stephen Fleetwood, and I shall never come back or see you any more. Don't try to seek me out. There is a barrier between us that nothing can remove. When you read this I shall be Stephen's wife." It was with this letter in his hand that Jack went at last to his father's study and asked what this mystery meant. &ir; Raymond had aged greatly in the last few years. He looked like an old man as he listened to his son's story, and like a man much tried by sorrow. His grey hair, his furrowed face, his hollow eyes and saddened mouth, all spoke of heavy care. And yet, as people often said, what care could he have ? What anxiety 1 What hidden grief? Save for the loss of his young wife, he was more fortunate than any man in the country; fortunate in his son, in his wealth, in his home; fortunate in the possession also of an unstained name. Jack was shocked to see the change that came over that grave, melancholy, muchloved faco when he told hie story and put Elsie's letter in his father's hand. Sir Raymond read the note, then - pushed it away, and hid his worn face in his hands. " Oh ! my God, my God!" Jack heard him murmur. "Is it thus that I am to be punished for such an unwilling sin V' " You know how I loved her, father," Jack went on, not composed enough to ask himself exactly what Sir Raymond meant. " I knew that you would not object. She has been like a daughter to jou, and I can't give her up. To that man, too! It will break my heart to lose her in that way." " My poor boy," groaned Sir Raymond. "I fear that it is useless to talk in that way. It is too late." " Can't anything be done 1" said Jack, starting up and pacing the room with quick uneven strides. " I have sent in all directions already; nobody has seen her; nobody knows what has become of her. I will go down to Fleetwood's cottage myself." He could not help noticing that the name gave his father a perceptible shock. " Go," 6aid Sir Raymond, faintly; " go —if you choose ; but you will not find him there. Look at the clock. It is nearly 12 ; as she tells you in her letter, she will be his wife by this time. Oh, my poor Elsie, why could you not have trusted me ! Jack, why did you not come to me before ?" " Could you have done anything, sir ?" asked Jack, bitterly. But he was again startled by his father's reply. " I think I could have stopped that marriage, Jack, if you had consented—as I think you would have consented in such a case—to make a sacriCce—a great sacrifice." " I would have sacrificed anything," said Jack, " to save my Elsie from that man. What waB the sacrifice, father ?'' But Sir Raymond only shook his head and dropped his faco between his hand?. Not even to his eon could he bear to tell the truth just yet. Jack did not want to hear. He was out of the house directly, searching, sending messengers in every direction. Married or single, Elsie muBt bo found. But search seemed all in vain. " Come back to the bouse at dusk, 1 Sir Raymond had said to him as he left the study. " I have a fancy we shall hear of them at dusk. You must be here." And though Jack wondered at his father's odd fancy, he promised that, if possible, ho would be there. Sir Raymond was right. In the dusk of that Christmas Eve, at the very hour when Roger Fleetwood had come by his death in Edgefield Lane, Elsie stole into his study and threw herself weeping at his feet " Oh forgive me, forgive me 1" she cried " Indeed, it was all for your sake. Do not be angry with me. I shall always love you —always, to the last day of my life." Sir Raymond looked at her, and touched her bowed bead with his trembling band Jack, whom Elsie had not seen as he stood in the shadows of the ill-lighted room, was conscious only of her sobs, and of a straDge agitation' in his father's manner. "My child—my child," said the old man in a feeble voice, " what does this mean ? How have you done it for our sakes." " I cannot tell you; I can explain nothing," 6he sobbed. " I can only beg you to forgive me." " Docs he—Stephen—kuow that you have come ?" " Yes—yes; I entreated him to let me come, and be consented at last. It is for the last time. I shall never 6ee you again Forgive me—forgive me—and let me go." " Forgive yon ?" rc-cchoed Sir Raymond, unsteadily. " Forgive you for an act of heroism and self-sacrifice ? Ob, my child, I am not worthy of the price that you have paid for me. It is for my cowardice —to shield me—that you hava done this thing. But I swear that I will hide the truth no longer. I cannot save you now, child, but I would have done so if I had known in time." " Your resolution comes late," said a strange voice. And Stephen Fleetwood stepped boldly through the door, which Elsie had leit unlatchcd. " I shall take care that the truth is known; you may depend on that." Elsie sprang to her feat and faced him with wild eyes and open lips. " You promised!" she said. " You swore to me, Stephen Fleetwood, that if I married you you would keep silence." " I promised and I swore, as you say," he returned. " But I had not the slightest intention of keeping my promise or my oath. I meant to mike you my wife whether you liked or not; and we were married by special licence this morning. I came with the licence in my pocket, knew that I should succeed. But promises are slight things. I let you come here tonight because I had in you the means of inflicting punishment." " I do not know how you gained admission to my house," said Sir Riymond, rising from his chair. His face betrayed agitation, but his voice was firm. " Your presence, however, is inoppoitune, and I must request you to withdraw." "I will withdraw," returned Stephen, insolently, " when I havo said what I have to say. I accuse you of the murder of Roger Fleetwood, El&ie; Fleetwood's father, on Christmas Eve, at this very hour, ten years ago." Elsie uttered an agonised cry, and fell on her knoes as if to entreat him to be silent. Jack, with a stern white face, advanced as if to thrust out the intruder from the room, but Sir Raymond held his hand. " Be calm, Jack," ho sitid. " Let ub have the truth out at last. What proof have you to oif<jr in support of your accusation, Stephen Fleetwood 1" Stephen, before answeiing, deliberately struck a match and lighted the gas in the chandelier that hung above his bead. Then he surveyed the group before him with triumphant deliberation. Jack was standing beside his father's chair, with his hands on Sir Raymond's arm; bis face was white and shocked. Elsie, still kneeling, had drawn herself away from Fleetwood, and crouched near Sir Raymond, as if claiming the pr jtcction of the very man who was accused of being her father's murderer. Sir Raymond was the calmest of tho three. Stephen surveyed them with a contemptuous smile, and then produced from his pocket a smill object, which he held out ia the palm of his hand towards Sir Raymond. "Do you recognise this?" be said. It was a gold sleeve-link on which Sir Raymond's initials were engraved. " Whit if I do!" Sir Raymond asked, calmly. He knew very well that he had its fellow in a box upstairs. " This link," said Stephen, " was picked up in the road beside the body of Roger Fleetwood soon after his death. It was dropped by the man who murdered Roger Fleetwood." " You can hardly prove that," said the baronet, quietly. " Perhaps not But I was there at the meadow gate, in Edgefield Lane. I can prove the murder. I saw you strike Roger Fleetwood down." Elsie caught her breath and cowered down, hiding her face. Sir Raymond rose to his feet. " Then you saw," he said sternly, " a dastardly attempt made by Fleetwood to murder me in revenge for my dismissal and prosecution of him for dishonesty. He attacked mo with a heavy cudgel when I was off my guard. And—I will avow the truth now to all the world—I struck him in return, and he fell to the earth dead. I have grieved for his fate; I have cherished his daughter as if she were my own; and I havo hitherto rofused to sully my name by self-accusation which seemed to me both futile and unnecessary. God knows that I sorrowed deeply fur the blow which took Roger Fleetwood's life. But it was struck simply in self-defence ; and I defy any man to call me morally a murderer." Tell that to tho jury,' said Stephen, with a coarse sneer. " And was it to save me from this, my poor child," said Sir Raymond, turning piti- fully to Elsie, "that you sacrificed yourself." He promised,"said Elsie, "he promised me that he would keep silence if I would marry him. It was to save you that I consented. For though you did—did— strike my father, it was to save yourself; but Stephen never told me that. He made me think you had clone it purposely. And now—now I am—his wife. God help me ? what shall I do." She stood up amongst them, white and trembling, a lovely image of despair. Even Jack and Sir Raymond deeply feeling their own sorrow and possible disgrace, as they were, could not but forget their own trouble in sympathy for hers. Jack was the first to speak. He held but his hand, as a brother might have held it to a sister in distress. " You belong to us still," he said. " You love us all in spite of our misfortune. This man has no claim upon you. Stay with us, Elsie; he can do us no harm now, and you cannot stay with him." "No, I cannot st»y with him," said Elsie, lifting her head and looking at her husband with passionate disgust and scorn. He knows as well as you do how I hate and loath him, how never for a moment would I have consented tc marry him if it had not been in the hope of saving you. For I owe all to you—everything in the world. I cannot help loving you. And if would have saved you, I would have fione to the ends of the world with him. But now—now—he himself h«s set me free. Stephen Fleetwood uttered a curious sound, something between a howl and a cry, and sprang forward to her Bide. " I have not set you free," he said. " I waited to punish you for daring to say to that fine gentleman yonder that you hated something seemed here to catch his breath—" and I have—I have—punished you ; and I will punish Sir Raymond Lawrence too." He drew his breath heavily, and they noticed that his lips has assumed curiously livid hue. " It is what Roger my uncle—always said : the rich against the poor ; the great againBt the small. I'll bring down the pride of one of the rich men now. I'll bring down your pride, my lady. I'll punish you all. I'll—" Suddenly, and without a moment's warning, he ceased to speak, threw up his arms, and fell backwards to the ground. A little froth oozed to his lips; a convulsion seemed to seize all his limbs, then they lay still. Iu spite of their abhorrence of the man, the three persons present rushed to his aid. But there was no aid to be given. In the midst of his furious denunciations and threats of vengeance, Stephen Fleetwood had fallen dead. The wif« whom he had won by fraud would never more be his; the man whom he had wished to bring to justice might, for him, go free. G-od's hand had stricken him, and ho was mute. As the watchers of his death agony stood and looked at one another in horror and amaze, there arose from the darkening air, ontsiie the house, the sound of country voices and well-known wordB— "God rest you, merry gentlemen I Let nothing you dismay; For Jesus Christ our Saviour Was born on ChriBtmaa Day." f It was the village choir assembling to sing before the great village supper on Christmas Eve. Quaint as the words were, they did not seem to form an unfit ending for the tragic scene which had taken place. And as the singers chanted their Christmas hymn, Jack drew Elsie to his breast, and Sir Raymond breathed a blessing oyer his son and—for she would never say him nay —over the dear and dutifal daughter, who would one day be Jack's wife. But the world never knew the whole truth of the story that had its ending ia Sir Raymond's study on Christmas Eve. The whole truith was buried in Stephen Fleetwood's grave. And if, to Elsie and her husband, and to Sir Raymond himself, dark memories still linger when Christmas Eve comes round, these three united in a bond, which neither grief nor suffering can destroy, learn, &3 the years roll on to put their own sorrowful thoughts aside, and to make that day a time of happiness to others, finding it in consequence of their endeavours, a time of happiness also to themselves. For hearts like theirs never fail to grasp all the brightness and beauty of a happy Christmas-tide, 