.;='' AOTA POPULI. ???.?:-. l^,', .. . .. ? ? ? -& ? y '. idol;.:- ? i:-' ?'? Bt The Flaneur. 'ifoNE are bo blind as those who will not see,' and never has the truth of this adage been made more apparent than in ito connection with the matter of Home Rule. Home Exile is neither a Catholic nor an Irish question solely, but a matter which most strongly affeefco the welfare of the oivil life of every land. Even the ' marble man*' should have {sufficient nonoe to nee that ; in fact, I cannot imagine how anyono who gives the ques' tion an houc's otudy can fail to recognize this truth. Where the mischiaf lies is horo t Many of those who roally understand the truth of the thing deliberately close their oyes to a right view or' ifc, and from motives of bigotry or Eelfz-seQlring strive to injure the glorious cause by placing a distorted idea of it before tho public. Luckily, however, no man o£ any weight or ability would prostitute his honour of his talenta by doing go j and hence it ic that all oppocition to Home Rule comc3 from the insignificant and worthless, whoso opposition really does it more good than harm. Thoy may rave and rant till they burst with spleen, but the glorious cause, unheedful of their exiutence, still rushes along to ito eagerly-looked' for consummation. Luna cares nought for the yelps of the midnight mongrels who bay at her bountiful beaming light. Of late SGveral of those purposely blind bigots have been nosing round, and not only discovered divers mares' nests, but they have actually caughb tho old maro sitting on her addled productions a3 woll. That dear old Christian prolate, Zachary Barry, for instance, ' ruDhed in where angels foar to tread,' like the rect of hie clan, and pointed out that Sir Thomas Eeuiondo actually entsred an action against a tenant o£ hia for a yoar'a rent of some fcrma at Bally nastragh. The tenant did not appear ; it v;ao proved the rent was due, and the jury found fcr the plaintiff. In tho mole-eyoa of Dr. Barry fill this is rank tyranny, and he tliaro fore dipped his goose-quill in gall and wrote to the D. T. to gay bo. Unluckily for Zachary Barty, however, a New Ross patriot, Mr. Patrick Galvin, of Townsville (Q.)- points out that the land ttbeut- Gor'oy is worth £-Z por aero (about double Sir Thomas Ec mondo'a charge^, and ovon admitting, for tho oako of argument, that the Doctor's version in tf uo, it has no more to do with Home Rule than w^th tho domestic policy of the Japaueso Mikado 'No^ Irishman/' Bay3 Mr. Galvin, ' denioa the right oS I a landlord to dispossess by fair moanO; L'or a fab rent/' and Sir Thomas Eamoado was therefore *s jaBtified in taking action as Dr. Barry wan in. o rusmg to pay what ho called the iniquitous de mands which his dearly beloved Orange friends in a certam Sydney Building Society recently wished to fleece him for in retiun for tho ro^.-A nt ' property ^tgago. 'Off wi'-'., ij{, t* „ * ^ch foe ^h,V. ''' '' lw™-^ Semal other intelligent fossils of ^iwy'e columns of balderdash abuse of tb,e Irish, race, which they head, cf A Pearl of English Rhetoric,' and attribute to Tho mm CarlylCi A splendid sample o£ this idiotic urivel waii quoted from the Kiama Ghost's favourite journal byftABansha Man,' and Appeared in tho laot irjauo of the Free JiAi-?. I have ntudiod Ca-rlyle, and not oven the damning fact of his having being praised by Dawvid Buchanan, or of having had his poor w&ak; whiras and puerilities exposed by Frouda, c^n ever m&ko; me believe that he was s\t any period of his Ufa idiotic enough to pen raich a contemptible specimen of English literature; The thing quoted by the Kiama Ghoul is dttfcod 18'i8, and 1 hardly think that even the mud-hep.ped blunderers of the London Times could have been imposed upon by such an apparent forgery. Beyond ft few picked expressions lugged in without rhyme or reason there is not a trace of Carlyle's rugged but crush ing ntyle in it from start to finish. There could be but one period in Carlyle's existence when it was possible for him to have written such ridicu lous rot, and that was either when he was driven temporarily insane by dyspepsia and tho midnight crowing of his neighbour'^ roosters ; or that still moro disastrous time when lie was visited by Dawvid Buchanan and blasted into semi-lunacy by epr cirneno of fehe rhetoric or. ' Australia's Only Orator.' With inspect to tho question as to how Aus tralia really feels on tho Homo Rule question enough rubbish has been spoken and written of lato by the opposite party to fill in the whole of our great ' Scentennial Park.' Pastor Allen has declared he still holdo his trusty gingham should England ever need its aid, tho valiant ' Little Abigail' (as Bashi-Bazouk Want calk him) has ] manfully told the world that the Great British j Empire shall never be crushed and scattered while \ he has an s,tm loft to dra^r a cobblers awl in its brave defence, and thene ' prave worts' ceem to have reached the ears and fired the martial soul of even ' Tummy Wales,' for he recently gave his favourite Busy B's, the Ballet and Baccarat, a rest, and ventured to publicly declare that thingo were getting along first rato in Ireland now, and all its troubles seem to have been settled. Somebody must have told f c Tummy' to say all this, of course (possibly he hao engaged Henniker Heaton's 'ghost') ; for H. R. H. knowc as much about Irish politics as Fanatic Frackleton doec of Christian Charity, or a Herald parson of the mysteries of ' three up,' or ' Tambaroora.' It is, therefore, a treat to turn to the boldly de livered, manly utterances of a thoroughly ablo and honoured speaker on the subject of Home Rule, as it appears to truly liberal Australians, and that speaker is the Rev. C. H. Haggar, minis ter of the Congregational Church at Townsville, This worthy gentleman recently delivered a Home Bulelectxire in the Townsvilie School of Arts, and amongct other real ' Pearls o£ English Rhetoric' said, ' Home Rule could not possibly be put as Catholicism vorsus Protestantism.' (Are you listening, Paraon Frackleton ?) ' Neither Gladstone nor Parnell, nor the 3000 Nonconformist Ministero of England, nor the Protestant Home Rulers of Ireland had any sym pathy with Roman Catholicism as such. Nor could snch men in any way bo regarded aa the ' subsidized agents of a foreign conspiracy.' . . The same desperate policy as now obtains waa condemned by Sponsor 800 years ago. Mr. Froude says that in the days of Queen Elizabeth the English atrocities in Ireland surpassed ttfl brutal cruelties of the Duke of Alva. Carlyle called the policy of England one ef ' blood and bluster, such aa the world had never seen before/ (That's another Pearl of English Rhetoric for the JKiaroa Ghost to gloat over.) Neither the ' Closure/ nor the imprisonmenb of champions, nor the degrada tion of a nation could quench the flames of truth. A truth in a dungeon is mightier than a Jie on the Throne.' Truly a mo.:t worthy Christian teacher 5 and that latter sentence is worthy of u place amongst the Proverbs of Solomon. Beyond all doubt Queeonsland is thoroughly sound on tile matter of Hoire Rule. A few of the 'lio- aacounts' have raiaed their little snarls against it of course, for ffit is their nature to,' as Dr. Watta v,-ould warble ; but the men of sterling worth are h)1 iu fuVoiir of t)i3 glorious cause. The real nfvfciva weapon, the Boomerang, has been thrown in its defence, and in a splendid article the jour nal bearing that title, after describing the arful state of Ireland to-day, v/ith its once quiet villages How ringing to the trooper's sabro, and blazing with the flame of burning dwellings, says ;— 'Just tmppose, men or' Queensland, that we were in their plight. Would wo !i!co to be told thai; ouv misery concerned nobody, that the English-specking world hf'ul sb.ilf; ifca heart be 'caace, perhaps, we spoke the same tongue and thought tho sametboYLghta ? John Dillon should find Queensland |as Queensland would have hnr delegate find Ireland XiSic positions reversed, vrare wii tno dovrn- trodden and tho desperate and they the young, the virtuous, and tho strong. . . From Queensland the message chouid flash, an ifc has flashed from every land where the English tonp-ue jg gpoken, that this ceaseless, unceasing battling for tho rights of Erin thrills our hearts with sympathy and that from the end 01 the earth we send our greoting aiul our indignation. And into the collers of tho Irish patdota we should fling our gold uustiutingly, for its clinking is to Coercion as was tho booming of Prussian cannon at Waterloo.' These are the iriw sentiments of all right* thiubihg men from Carpentaria's Gulf to Tas man's Point, and whon they aro cabled to 'Tummy Wales' and hia Tory set, they then/will havo good reason to aay that 'Ireland is doing very well, in deed, and her affairs will speedily bo settled;' Settled, aye, nettled j but in a way that would please an Emmet, bat be 'sudden death' to a Balfour. If it were possible for 'Little Abigail ' to feel himself to be a 'smaller spud*' than Nature really made him, he must have felt very much that way indeed the other night when ' Mikado ' Want and Mr. F. Wright had finished wiping the floor of the House with him. With con summate cheek Frawncis remarked that he hoped tlie acquittal of Mr. Fehon would ' teach hon. members not to tnake statements without know ing that they had more foundation for them than Mr. Want had for his against Mr, Fehon.' This unblushing audacity fairly took the wind out of the House for a time* but when Mr. Wright came to, ho rose, and with well-deserved scorn aikcd tha political ferret if, while he was mourning over Mr. Fehou's wrongs, he over con- i sidered b.is (Mr. Wright's) feelings ; the fcelinge (j cf hia wife and children ; those of the fifteen men j forced into the Criminal Courts of the colony, or those of the unfortunate railway officials who were dismissed in disgrace because they gave truthful evidence in the Wright, Heaton case ? Mr. Wright's speech was a masterpiece of indignant accusation, and all poor Frawncia could plead an he squirmed on the penitent's stool was,' Please, sir, I didn't institute any inquiry — I didn't dia miss anyone— in fact, I never done nothmk to no one.' Of course Frawncis did not do so openly and directly. No ' underground engineer ' works like that, but the 'Mikado' pinned him when he pointed out that it was the ferret Abigail who rushed the Government to take action, and that 'he came here night after night with armfula of documents to make charges against these people.' Frawncis, in his evidence, even swore he 'thought Mr. Want allowed two of the chief witnesses to escape with, his knowledge,' and yet he dared the other night to lecture people about making charges without foundation. The quotation from Mr. Want's own evidence settled Frawncio* hash, completely, for it said — 'This is a judgment- on little Abigail, for he worried the Government like a tdrrier does a rat, and drove tio into the prosecutions, and now the thing has recoiled|on hie own head ; ' and I think I said, * Toxi have got to thank Abigail for having rooted the thing up at all;' and, aa a matter of fact, it was Abigail who rooted it up; He made us begin the prosecutions two months before ---re were ready, because he was mentioning facts in the House and asking questions which resulted in several vritnesaes getting away.' It was a terrible flattening out for the con siderate and charitable 'Little Abigail,' and, to oro wn all, Little Melville also rose, and came very near to giving himself a fine funeral job by the way he belted but the very small amount of stuffi ng that was left in the limp and crumpled form of Frawncis. Mr. Doublo O, Dangar trotted out a little trouble the other night that deserves attention It appears that the township of Arakoon, in Mr. .Dangar'ti electorate, enjoys the blessed privilege of being conveniently adjacent to the Trial Bay Gaol, whero an experiment is being tried in the way of treating criminals. These Trial Bay boardera receive a salary of 12s a week. Cs of thic is allowed them for pocket money, and the balance is put by to provide for rainy days. At fixed times tbeso gentry are allowed to form excursion parties and clear out from the gaol entirely for a week or so, in order that they may ' knock down their cheques/5 after the style of the fine old Australian shearer 01 the fine old Australian time. As pubs, are scattered round, iho boardero occasionally have a high oldjj time and paint the variou3 vil lages of a fine old ruddygore complexion. Mr. Dangar eoorplams, however, that while theue pubs, aro licensed, and while sly-grog shanties are as plentiful as leaves in Vallnmbrosa, the stipendiary magistrate refuses to grant a license to tho town of Arakoon itself, and he, Mr. Dangar, intends to make some one sit up and smell sulphur unless s this is attended to at once — or sooner, if pos dble. This looks as if the Trial Bay boarders imfe ft 'good thing- on,' and it surprises no one to hear that they never bother to ' slip their cables' or desert, it eeoms a pleasantly primitive sort of business, and reminds mo forcibly of a complaint onco made by some prisoners in a Texan gaol to tno effect that the gaoler used to turn thorn all out into th.9 streets after breakfast every morn ing and would not allow one o£ them back again till bed time, because they cat too much, and besides, his lady wife was learning to play the 'pianny,' and the row the gaol-birds made interfered with her studies. Now that the winter has sot in, however, I really do 110c see why tho good souls in the Trial Bay Academy should be compelled to tramp two or three miles in order to indulge in a ' feast of reason and a flow of soul,' and therefore I would suggest the advisability of opening a Palace Hotel, with ball room, skating-rink, gymnasium, skittle-ally, and all the other neceeearjea of a 19th century gentle« man's life laid on, and also allow each boarder th& privilege of inviting a friend or so to enjoy th& hospitality of the place as well. The policeman1*} lot ia not a happy one, but it seems good to be g Trial Bay boarder. 