Sporting Mems. A sculler named Hughes, has challenged any resident on the Tweed to a race in light skiffs for £25 aside. Clarence Tattersall's Jockey Club have framed a good programme for races on Easter Monday. Mr. A. Sutherland the well-known jockey, has taken Tattersall's Hotel at Grafton. Though Mr. Andrew Town has not yet acted upon Mr. F. W. Day's suggestion to destroy Sardonyx, he is of opinion that that will be the gallant brown's end. Edward Hanlan, the Canadian oarsman, left for Launceston on Thursday for a trip. He took a new boat built by Dodd, of Balmain, and will probably give an exhibition of his skill to the rowing clubs there and at Hobart. The northern districts suffer a great loss by the death of Mr. S. Macnaughton's imported Highland pony Glengarry, which died at Maclean last weak from inflammation of the bowels. Entries for Coraki A. T. Club's principal races close on Wednesday next, 6th March. Great improvements are being made to the running track on the Grafton racecourse. The fifth heat of the Carrington Handicap last week was won by R. D. Layton from the 22½ yds mark in 12 9-10th seconds. W. M'Lymont, 25yds. ran in the 10th heat. R. R. Williams won the 30th heat off the 27yds mark in 13secs. Rory Williams, who was considered a rank outsider, won the Carrington Handicap. The final heat resulted: — R. R. Williams 1, E. Sutton 2, D. Braithwaite 3, D. Murray 4. Layton was run out by Rraithwaite in the third round. Mr. Thomas Spencer, father of the liberal sportsman who so well supported Edward Trickett and the present champion, is dead. He made several improvements in the sliding seat, and Beach pronounced the one made for him as the most perfect he had ever seen. Certainly no one has made any slide to work freer or simpler. It is reported that the racehorse Sirius has been sold by Mr. T. Armstrong for £600, and that he is to be taken to Sydney. Charlie Page of Grafton (well-known in racing circles) has a son 11 years of age who rides 5st, and who promises to become one of the leading light-weights of the colony. 29 nominations have been made for the Clarence Tattersall's Produce Stakes, to be run at Grafton on Easter Monday next. Searle has been presented with a new shell by the Messrs. Spencer. She is a beautiful craft, and the champion may be seen doing steady work in Sydney harbour daily. Athletic sports are to be held at Wardell on 16th March. Wild Rose and Parodox are located at Mrs. Mobbs' stables. The A J. C. voted £10 from the Distressed Jockeys' Fund to John Noud, who was hurt riding recently. April 12 will witness the race between J. M'Lean and Donald M'Donald for £100 aside. The contest will be decided in outriggers, on the Parramatta. Both men are said to be in excellent health, and training steadily for the event. Hanlan says O'Connor and Searle are an even match. Murdoch, the cricketer, is seriously ill in Melbourne suffering from a sunstroke. There are 1989 members in the Melbourne Cricket Club, and the number is limited to 2000. New Guinea won the February Handicap at Rosehill on Saturday. The Newmarket Handicap will be run to- morrow. Carbine is coming into great favor in the betting. It is probable that a rile match will be held at Lismore on Easter Monday between 10 members of Grafton and a like number of the Lismore Club. The Newtown "counter-jumpers'' meet the Coraki C. C. in the trophy contest. Mr. J. M'Lennan, of Lismore, last Saturday lost a fine colt foal, by First Water from Juliet. Entries for fifth Produce Stakes in connection with Lismore Jockey Club close to-day. For Glen Innes races horses well-known in this district have been handicapped as follows : — Opening Handicap — Florrie 8-4, Albany 7-7, Cymbal 6-11, Gambler 6-4. Autumn Plate — Florrie 7-10, Adam 7-1, Panic 6-7, Maud 6-6, Yon Know 6st. Glen Innes Cup— Florrie 7-12, Adam 7-4, Albany 6-13, Cymbal 6-4. Inn- keeper's Purse— Panic 7st, You Know 6st. A shipment of thoroughbred horses, including stock by Julian Avenel, Flying Dutchman. Hughenden, and His Lordship, and a number of racing ponies has been sent to Ceylon from Melbourne. The race mare Re-Echo, by Excelsior from Elcho died recently from the effects of being cast in a stump hole. She was stinted to Wheatmeat. The light skiff race between J. Kenny, of the North Arm, and E. E. Smith of Palmer's Island, over the Chatsworth course, on Satur- day last, for £10 aside, turned out to be a regu- lar "boil over." The water was smooth and the tide favorable to the rowers. Offers of 2 to 1, and 3 to 1 were freely made regarding the chances of Kenny, but scarcely any "takers" could be found at that price, and the general opinion seemed to be that the Palmer's Island sculler had not a ghost of a chance : however, he reversed the anticipations of the knowing ones, winning easily after the first half-mile. — L. C. ADVOCATE, 26th. 