NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Four members of a family at New castle have been poisoned by, it is supposed, eating fisb. The Government have called tenders for the enlargement of the Brisbane gallowp, so that they will hang three simultaneously. The drought continues to affect the natives in New Guinea. There is also a dearth of food. A famine is anticipated there next year. A groom named Charles Hughes was found dead at Young under circumstances which point to the conclusion that be committed suicide. Sir Henry Partes believes that Australia will not remain as at present divided, but that in a few years there will be colonies where there now are six. The Queensland revenue returns for the past half-year show the total receipts to be £1,958,284, as against £1,672,706 for the corresponding period of last year. The revenue received at the Coonamble Land Office during the past year amounted to £22,694, that amount being an increase ot £600 upon the returns for the previous year. A clerk employed in the Moruya branch of the Commercial Bank, named Leonard Pratt, met with instantaneous death by being thrown from a horse while riding in company with some friends. Mr. J. See, M.L.A., who is visiting England, has published an address to the electors of Grafton, soliciting re-election to the Assembly, should a dissolution of the House take place before his return. At the races for small prizes in Brooks' paddock at Plattsburg on lBt inst., a fatality occurred in the last race. Couch's horse swerved, when the rider waB knocked against a tree, and had his neck broken. An enormous shoal of salmon (colonial) com- puted to number between five and six millions of fish, was seen off Bondi beach last week. A company of porpoises drove the fish into the beach and along the rocks, where many were caught with lines. A number of clergymen in Sydney have requested the co-operation of the managers of the Young Men's Christian Association in an attempt which it is designed to make to put down gambling. The first step will be the holding of a public meeting. For some considerable time past a large shark has continued to display his dimensions to the admiring gaze of sightseers near Longnose Point. On New Year's Day Mr. P. Adams, popularly known as the " shark fiend," succeeded in dragging the monster from the waters of Snail's Bay. The shark measured 14ft. The Viucentian Fathers, an order of teachers from Europe, have taken over St. Stanislaus College, and the seminary, Bathurst, for ecclesiastical students attached. The Vincentians have establishments in all parts of the world, and posses a great reputation as successful teacherB. The Bathurst house is the first they have established in the colonies. Yane Tempest, representing himself as the son of an English nobleman, was again brought np at the CootamunJra police court and committed to stand hia trial at Young Quarter S lesions on February 6, on three charges of obtaining money from Mr. Mitchellmore> hotelkeeper, by valueless cheques of £10 each. Considerable interest was taken by the public la the case. The commission appointed to inquire into and report on the dietary scale of the prisons in the colony state that the lowest time ration of the present scale is insufficient for sustaining constitutional strength and for the performance of labor. Further, that the very low ration has not had a deterrent effect upon petty offenders. The commission has recommended the recasting of the dietary scale of the prisons. A sad case of drowning occurred in the Snowy River at Cooma laBt week to a young tnau named Bottom, who attempted to cross the river in a boat. The current was running very rapidly, and the boat was carried over the (alls. Bottom jumped out, and attempted to swim ashore, but it is supposed that he was washed over the falls, as his body has not yet been recovered. News was received at Inverell that Mr. Frank Charles Lewin, of Pinehurst Vineyard, had been found with his throat cut in a cellar or outhouse a short distance from the residence. Dr. Vallec went out, followed by Mr. W. W. Fraser, coroner, and Constable Wensor, and an icquiry was held. The jury returned a verdict that death resulted from injuries self- inflicted. The deceased has left a widow and two children. The appeal of the Sydney City Mission for money to give a Christmas dinner, in their own homes, to the deserving poor in the several mission districts was, we learn, cordially responded to. Materials for a dinner were supplied to nearly 500 families, and about 1,800 persons participated, of whom there were 154 widows. There was no expense created, and each family had its own dinner in its own home. At a meeting of the Executive Council held last week, Mr. J. C- Woore, until recently alice magistrate at Qaeanbeyan, whose office Eas been abolished in consequence of the decision of the Minister for Justice that the district must be worked in conjunction with several other towns, was appointed acting coronet in succession to Mr. Wilkinson. Mr. Shiell, the Sydney coroner, has not yet sufficiently recovered to undertake the duties of his position. The Minister for Justice has appointed Mr. G. H. Gower police magistrate at Broken Hill. The magisterial duties at Broken Hill have hitherto been conducted by Mr. Wyman Brown, the police magistrate at Silverton, and mining warden for the district, but the combined duties have become so onerous that he finds it impossible to continue them. Mr. Edward Jones, of Wollombi, will succeed Mr. Gower at Wilcannia, and Mr. James Bray will be transferred from Lismore to Wollombi. At a meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association a letter was read from the Victorian Cricketers' Association, offering to continue to play two matches each season for two years, on the understanding that at the expiration of that time only one match each season sbonld be played. It was unanimously agreed to decline the proposal, as the New South Wales Association has already made arrangements with the Melbourne Cricket Club for a continuation of the intercolonial matches. The Waverley Council at their last meeting, on the motion of the Mayor (Mr. Alderman Dickson), passed the following by-law, viz.:— " That no dancing pavilion open to the public shall be established or maintained within the borough of Waverley. Any person offending against this by-law shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding £25, or less than £10." The by-law has, we understand, been approved of by the Attorney-General, and will be laid before the first meeting of the Executive Council for confirmation, and as soon as gazetted will become law. Thomas Bounds, a fettler on the railway line at Tenterfield, accompanied by his wife, were at the Caledonian games. At Bluff Bock crossing, when about eight miles on their way, and within a quarter of a mile of their desti- nation, the springcart, which was driven by Bounds, capsized, throwing his wife on the road. The wheel passed over her left temple, cutting her ear and tearing part of the Bcalp off. The husband was also jerked out of the cart, and on recovering himself found his wife dead. Bounds had been drinking before leaving town. An aged man named Michael Halpin, farmer residing at Seaham, met his death in a terribly spdden manner on the road near Deadman's Creek. It seems that Halpin had attended the produce sales at Maitland, and left for home with his dray in the afternoon. This (says the Maitland Mercury) was the last seen of him, but early next morning a passer-by on the Seaham-road found the dray overturned, with the body of Halpin cruBhed beneath. Information was sent to the police at Hiuton, and some hours later Halpin's body was removed preparatory to an inquest. R. L. Miller, of Virginia, who was sent as a special United States Commissioner to the World's Exposition at Melbourne, has returned to his home. Mr. Miller's special mission was to look into the tobacco industry of the colonies. He found the quality of tobacco raised there to be excellent, but he says the people do not understand the process of curing it and making it saleable. " If experienced tobacco men had hold of the business there," he says, " I am afraid it would eut in heavily on our production. I was really surprised at the quality of tobacco which is grown in Queensland. In many respects it is superior to ours." One of the largest and most influential gatherings ever known in the Blue Mountains took place at the Wentworth Falls railway station, to celebrate the event of the running of the fast mountain trains and improved railway system. The local Progress Committee, headed by Mr. D. Davis, the chairman, set to work and decorated the railway with evergreens, ferns, and bunting, with a large triumphal arch at the entrance bearing the motto "Thanks to onr Railway Commissioners," beautifully worked out by local ladies, in green leaves on a white ground. To the accompaniment of an efficient string band, songs, recitations, and speeches were indulged in. The schooner Heath, 300 tons burthen, drifted ashore while coming out of Broken Bay on Friday morning, and was totally wrecked. Captain Bartholin and the crew, with the exception of one man who was drowned and another reported to be missing, reached Gosford safely, but the schooner quickly went to pieces and disappeared. The men saved floated ashore on the deck-house. The vessel was engaged in the coal trade between Newcastle and Sydney, and was on her way to the former port. She put into Broken Bay windbound, and in making her way out again came to grief. The vessel was partly insured, and was owned by M. B. Byrnes, wood and coal merchant. During the festive season that indigenous plant, the larrikin, waB decidedly vigorous in Balmain. A man named Dempsey was battered beyond recognition a few nights ago near one of the ferry landings, while on New Year's eve, during the progress of watch-night service at St. Mary's Church, a number of youths, maddened by drink, whiled away the expiring hours of the old year directly opposite the church by indulging in a skull-breaking record. Language of the vilest description was belched forth in the very loudest tones, and it was decidedly unsafe for any person to run the gauntlet ot the infnriated mob. No police appeared on the scene, and riot waa the order of the night. In a recent speech by Sir Henry Parkes he cited the horrible scene at the execution of Mrs. Brownlow, nearly 30 years ago at Goulburn, who fed her baby at the breast just before getting on to the scaffold. In reference to this we may state that Mr. William Paine, Royal Hotel, Gundagai, carried the warrant for the execution of Mrs. Brownlow to Goulburn, making the journey by coach from Campbelltown to that city in the quickest time then on record. Mr. Paine was under the impression that he was conveying a reprieve in response to a petition from the women of the Goulburu district, but the document turned out to be the death warrant, or what was its equivalent, an intimation to the Sheriff that the law should take its course. Daniel M'Bride, proprietor of the Barnato line of coaches, was killed on 2Qd inst. He was driving a coach in company with Constable Revel, of Cobar. Requiring some matches to light his pipe, he handed the reins to Revel, and in putting his hand in his pocket he overbalanced himself, falling on the wheel of the coach, which dragged him under, both wheels going over bis chest, and killing him on the spot. Another fatal accident occurred the same day, the victim being Jack Wylie, well known in the Cobar district. Wylie, who was engaged at Nillera station, rode out to see some travelling sheep through the run. His horse returning without him created alarm, and search was made, resulting in the discovery of the deceased lying dead in a large pool of blood. The Gootamundra Herald says :—" Mr. P. Maher, of Coolac, has opened up a new reef, called the Rip Van Winkle, and his first crushing has turned out very satisfactorily. The Mount Morgan is making new and promising developments, and we hope the plucky prospectors will be well rewarded for the glue which they have shown in holding to the reef. They have crushed at the rate of loz. 13dwts. to the ton—not bad, if they can get on to a reasonable body of stone. The Excelsior Reefing Company, of Cootamundra, now have the deepest shaft on Muttama ; and the result of their operations in this shaft is looked forward to with interest, as likely to do a great deal towards the development of mining in that portion of our district. The company will well deserve to be assisted in this good work from the prospecting vote." The police at Queanbeyan were informed that the body of a man had been found in the river near the willows, about four hundred yards from the bridge. When taken out it was found to be that of an old man about sixty-seven years of age, named William Welsh. Deceased had been a resident of the Qaeanbeyan district for about 50 years, and for upwards of 30 years of that time he had been in the employ of Mr. J. J. Wright, J.P. It appeare that the poor old fellow had his supper the previous evening, and was then in his usual good spirits; he afterwards attended the wake of the old lady Mrs. Lonagan, and it is surmised that in coming home he lost his way and fell into the river, the night being very dark. An inquest was held, when a verdict of "accidentally drowned" was returned. The Wairarapa (N.Z.) Star says: " We hear that the Maoris are predicting a very dry season ; and we are sorry for it. The Maoris, we are informed, are remarkably good weather prophets. Personally, we are not acquainted with Maori folk lore; but there is no doubt that as a race they are remarkable for their observant powers. In determining the weather they are guided by the appearances of birds, beasts and plants. According to native tradition, in dry seasons the wild ducks lay their eggs near the water's edge; and the fish in the rivers seek the head waters. Certain kinds of insects also make their appearance which are never seen except when a severe drought iB impending. These signs, we are informed, have been witnessed this season; and the natives confidently look forward to a dry, warm summer." The question of a wife giving evidence in a divorce case in which the husband is a petitioner came up at the sittings of the Supreme Court at Napier, New Zealand, in the case of Porter v. Porter. The Chief Justice (says the Otago Timts) was rather averse to the woman being called to give evidence to her own discredit, but after Bome discussion he allowed her to do so, although, as he pointed out, it opened the door to collusion. Mr. Lascelles, who appeared for the petitioner, quoted the celebrated case in which Sir Charles Dilke was oo-respondent, where Mrs. Crawford was in the box two whole days to prove her husband's case. The Chief Justice said that it was getting to be almost a universal practice now to call the wife to get into the box. It was certainly a cheaper method of proceeding, but he thought it was very discreditable. The imprisoned newspaper proprietor, Mr. W. O'Neill, of Queanbeyan, has been released from Darlinghnrst GaoL Four woeks ago, Mr. Haynes, M.P., communicated with Mr. Tompsitt, of Qaeanbeyan, on the matter, requesting that Mr. Price, the plaintiff, might magnanimously release the defendant. Several letters passed between them on the subject, and it wai understood that Mr. Price, who by no means had harsh feelings towards the defendant, though very severely attacked, struck out the indebtedness and gave an order for his release. In the debtors' prison there still remain two people, one a newspaper proprietor, Mr. Hillier, from Kempsey, and a business man from the New England district The latter has been detained two year, and will probably die in gaol, as he refuses firmly to swear the only affidavit which could give him release. At a meeting of the executive committee of the Commercial, Pastoral, and Agricultural Association held on Friday, the 4tb, a request from several Crown Tenants' Unions was laid before the. association, inviting them to convene a meeting of delegates from kindred associations in the country districts to discuss amendments urgently required in the Land Act, and to wait upon the Minister for Lands and press upon him the absolute necessity for. the welfare of the country that a short amending Land Bill be brought before Parliament as the first business of next session. It was resolved that a conference of such delegates be called for Tuesday, the 22nd January, at the rooms of the association, and notice forwarded to all kindred societies and unions of Crown tenants to send delegates to this conference, or forward resolutions tor consideration on the land question. With reference to the petition in Bankruptcy against Mr. John Hurley, M.P. for Hartley, in which an order was made on December 27 last, it is rumored that a most serious misunderstanding has arisen. The facts of the case are stated to be that the particular claim in respect of which this petition was issued, had been, as he supposed, fully satisfied by Mr. John Hurley, who thereupon left for the Hawkesbury on a holiday. In some way or another, however, the petition was not struck out of the list, and consequently came on for hearing in the ordinary course, when the Judge made the usual order in cases where no cause is shown by the debtor. Affidavits setting out the facts will be produced on an application to set aBide the order which is to be made at the earliest possible moment, and there is consequently every probability that the seat for the Hartley electorate will not become vacant. Some four years ago a farmer, reputedly wealthy, but not teetotally inclined, waB killed at March through his cart being overturned while being drawn at a bolting pace. It was known that he had a good sum of money hidden somewhere about the place, having drawn it from the Mudgee bank in fear of an Income tax. The money, however, was not found, and a few weeks back two parties rented the house, and gave out their intention of starting a poultry farm ; but, after a short occupancy, declared that the "ghost" of the dead man paid two visits to one of the women of the household, and they suddenly took their departure for other climes, in the opinion of a great many taking the " ghost" .hit appeared with them. The general concurrence is that they sprung the "plant," as there were evidences of careful search. The woman describes the ghost to the smallest detail, giving a very accurate description of him. A sad instance of the ravages of typhoid fever has recently come under the notice of the authorities of Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney. On the 13th ultimo a lad named Edward Jones was admitted to that institution suffering from typhoid fever, and on the following day his sister Maggie was admitted with the same disease. Four days later the mother, Charlotte Jones, and the father, William Jones, entered the institution for the same cause. The father succumbed to the attack on the 21st, the son died on the following day ; on Monday the daughter died too ; and the mother alone is left. Mrs. Jones is now recovering from the fever ; but does not yet know of the loss of her husband and children. The family lived in Gowrie-Btreet, Newtown. Including their number there have been six cases of typhoid taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital from the same street within the past few weeks, and font ot these have proved fatal. Mr. C. S. Wilkinson, Geological Surveyor, has submitted to the Minister for Mines a detailed report on the syenitic granite quarries from Gib Hill, near Bowral. The quarry is situated on the south-western side of the Gib, where the slope of the hill rises abruptly for about 150ft., and is covered with large boulder-like masses of fine-grained granite, one of which measured 15ft in diameter, while here and there the rock in situ crops out. The quarry is so favorably situated as regards elevation that a self-acting inclined tramway, about 600 yards in lengch, might easily be constructed to the Great Southern railway line. Mr. Wilkinson remarks that when the durability of the Btone and its other important qualities become known there will be an increasing demand lor it, especially for the construction of works subject to severe exposure, such as piers and retaining walls in sea water, and also a variety ot other purposes. From the evidence taken at the inquiry into the supposed murder ot P. S. Armstrong, the Government agent on board the labour schooner Ariel, by a native of Manoba Island, there is some doubt whether he was actually murdered, and he may now be alive amongst the natives. The fact of the murder rested on the testimony of an islander named Joe, who is very contradictory. The boatman accompanied the Government agent ashore, and some 10 minutes after wsrds was seen returning towards the beach naked, and shouted that the Government agent WBB being killed. The mate of the schooner, who was waiting in the boat, started ashore with a rifie, but a large number of natives appearing and throwing spears he had to retreat. He saw nothing o Armstrong, but the native boatman stated that the Government agent was set upon by the natives and attacked with tomahawks. He did not eee the agent fall, and could not tell whether he was dead or not. A Port Darwin telegram runs as follows:— "A serioua accident occurred to a train pro* seeding to Barrnndie, one mile past Brock's Creek and 105| miles from Palmerfiton. Owing to the heavy rain of Tuesday, 1st inst., a subsidence of an unequal bharacter took place in an embankment* and caused a train to be thrown off the line. In falling both the engine and tender turned turtle, and a passengers carriage fell, one end Into a creek, and the other on the line. The driver and stoker jumped when the train was de-railed, and were uninjured. Thirty Cingalese and Chi- nese, who were in some trucks, were thrown clear, and Buffered injuries of a superficial character only. Four second and five first class passengers were only bruised. The permanent way suffered only trifling damage, and traffic was resumed next morning. The I damage to rolling stock is estimated at £500. If the sleepers had been permanently bolted to the girders and the railu had been fixed, the mishap would probably have been averted." The Water Police, Sydney, discovered a "plant, the timely removal of which by them prevented the destruction of some valuable property. It consisted of a considerable collection of inflammable materials, intended for a bonfire, which had been concealed under and on a wharf near the principal works of the Australian Gas- light Company. The bulk of the materials was equal to between three and four vanloads. They embraced baskets, botes, cement casks, and green bushes whfeh had been uBed in connection with the Christmas decoration of the Btreets. The bushes had been dragged by a number ot youths to the place of concealment and then freely smeared with tar. Other objects had also been treated with tar. The removal of the whole mass to a place where its destruction might be effected without danger to property was not so difficult as it was unpleasant—the unpleasantness arising trom the strange preference which the tar showed for the trousers and other garments of the constables. Chaffey Brothers have for some time been in communication with the Minister of Lands' on the subject of establishing one of their irrigation colonies in Queensland. Mr. Black has invited one of the Messrs. Chaffey to visit Queensland and look over the various likely localities where it is deemed irrigation works may be carried out. Mr. Cureton, one of the directors of Chaffey Brothers, Limited, visited Queensland some years ago, and travelled all through the country which is at all fairly watered, fie considered there was no sufficient water supply suitable for irrigation. Should a colony be established in Queensland, the water Bupply would have to be drawn from gigantic reservoiis. The firm would require from 200,000 to 300,000 acres ot land. Mr. Black has received an invitation to visit Mildura, but owing to pressure of official business he finds it impossible to accept the invitation. It is probable that one of Chaffey Brothers, or Mr. Cureton, will proceed to Queensland to discuss matters fully. A glibly-spoken man is at present doing the suburbs of Sydney, renting rooms in private houses, and victimising the keepers thereof by obtaining money by means of various false pretences. We have been shown by the police one of the documents with which he has taken in more than one unsuspecting landlady. His plan is to tender a forged bank deposit slip purporting to have been signed by a teller, and on the strength of which he obtains small advances, stating that he is a railway employe who is being transferred from the country to Sydney. The slip before us is from the City Bank, filled in for j£40 10a. It is written in an uneducated hand, and purports that the caBh was paid in to the credit of " Mr. Waters " by the hands of "William Walker." The rogue has forgotten that the teller's signature is necessary, and in addition he has dated the slip " January 1,1889 "—a bank holiday. He iB described as about 40 years of age, 5tt. 6in. high, slender build, dark hair, moustache, and eyes; dressed in dark clothes, masher collar, and hard black felt hat. A man named Albert Pritchard, residing with his wife and family at WolloDgabba, Queensland, attempted suicide in his own* house on New Year's Eve. He went home intoxicated about 7 o'clock that evening, and after being in the house a little while he took the baby, which was only 14 months old, in hie arms. He then called one of his little boys, and made him bring him a razor. Directly Pritchard got the razor, and was about to cut the baby's throat, his wife rushed up and snatched the child from him. She then ran out into the yard, followed by her husband, who threw a kettle of boiling water at her, which, however, she fortunately managed to avoid. Pritchard then took a clothes line down, and went into the house with it. His wife called Bome neighbors, who entered the house and found Pritchard hanging to a beam by the clothes line, which was round his neck. They took him down, and found that he was not very much icj ured, Pritchard was brought up at the police court next morning on a charge of attempted euicide, and remanded. A Lithgow correspondent writes :—" The approaching election for Hartley bids fair to become exciting and interesting. For Borne time past Mr. J. P. T. Caulfield, who formerly edited the Lithgow paper, has announced his intention of contesting the seat at the earliest opportunity. Now he Beems disinclined to oppose Mr. Hurley, owing to the misfortune that gentleman has met with. He has, however, just signified his desire to leave himself in tLe hands of his local protectionist friends, and do as they wish. The protectionist here think John Hurley has misrepresented the electors^ and they desire to efeCure a representative who will do something to hfelp the local industries. Mr: Caulfield will probably be asked to disregard personal and sentimental considerations, and go to the poll in the interests of protection. Should he stand, his election is certain, as no other man has such a strong hold on the Hartley electors. People here think Mr. Hurley should not again ask the electors to return him. It is not likely there will be any other candidate." It was stated three months ago that large numbers of monster sharks were shoaling on the coast, that they were swarming close in shore, and would soon be found in the harbors. Unfortunately the statement was verified by a dreadfnl occurrence shortly afterwards in the harbor, where these enormotlB monsters, savage from breeding and hunger, were swim* ming about in eager search of any prey* Last Sunday the fishermen at Bondi Aquarium, after breaking several lines in a vain effort to catch some of the monsters, succeeding in landing two of great length and strength, one being a little under 14ft. The aquarium proprietors had the captives conveyed to the shark pond, where they have by no means proved at home, or at all friendly to one another. Next morning one of the sharks was found badly wounded, indicating that the two monsters had had a battle between themselves, and that it had been of a ferocious character. Unfortunately there were no spectators of the event, and the fury of the thing can only be imagined. Some very desirable alterations and additions, desigued to facilitate greatly the work of the prisoD, are in progress at Maitland gaol. The erection of an additional wing has (says the Mercury) been a pressing want for many years. The space in which the stonemasons were at work was very circumscribed, and the arrangement proved inconvenient. The new wing has reached an advacced stage towards completion, and now occupied by prisoners who have been set tc the task of stonecutting, and access to it is gained from the main yard. On the space vacated by these men a deadhouse is being erected. This will do away with the necessity of keeping corpses awaiting interment in close vicinity to the gaol hospital. In another portion of the main yard a circular walk is being provided for prisoners who have been sentenced to separate treatment. Prisoners of the latter class are permitted to take exercise at prescribed hours away from other confinees; and to enable the separate treatment to be effectually carried out in all respects, it has been found necessary to provide the walk, which is formed of concrete. On the last day of the year 1838 the first community of the religious order known as the Sisters of Charity landed in Sydney, and the 50th anniversary falling on New Year's Eve, the incident was commemorated by what was termed a " goldenjubilee " festival in St. Yincent's Convent, Yictoria-Btreet, which is the oldest house of the order in Australia. Several services were held in the convent chapel, the chief of which iB a high mass, at which Dr. Byrne, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Bathurst, pontificated, and Cardinal Moran presided and preached. All the Sisters of Charity in the colony, including the nursing Sisters from St. Vincent's Hospital, assisted at the celebration, which is understood to be the first of the kind ever held in connection with any of the sisterhoods in the Australian colonies. During the proceedings—which terminated with a conceit in St. Vincent's College Hall—reference was made to the fact that the members of the order —who were introduced to Australia by the late Archbishop Polding—had built two hospitals, an orphanage, eight convents, and numerouB schools in the diocese of Sydney. An act of bravery on the part of a youngster has come under our notice (Braidwood Despatch) which is well worth recording. Two boys named Green were bathing at Major's Creek, the younger brother being unable to swim. Having got beyond his depth, he called upon his elder brother to save him, and he of course went to his younger brother's assistance, but, although he could swim fairly well, both sank and would have been drowned had not a lad named James Ellis, about 14 years of age, son of Mr. John Ellis, of Major's Creek, just then jumped into the water to their assistance. Striking out, he succeeded in catching hold of the younger Green first, and dragging him into shallow water, returned to save the other brother, but although he tried his level best to rescue him, all his efforts to do so weie futile, and the lad was consequently drowned. Such an act of bravery in saving life—for had he not come and jumped into the water at the moment he did both instead of only one of the boys Green would unquestionably have been drowned—is deserving of recognition at the hands of the Humane Society of New South Wales. An inquest was held at M'Grath's Hill on Monday morning respecting the cause of death of Mrs. Catherine Cunbeen, widow. From the evidence it appeared that the old lady, on her way to church from her residence at Mulgrave, had to walk across a viaduct a quarter of a mile long, over South Creek, and got safely within a couple of dozen yards of the Windsor side, when she saw the 4.25 train to Sydney approaching. The driver saw her and put on the brake, succeeding in slopping the train. The old ladyloBt her presence of mind,and throwing up her arms jumped over the side of the viaduct, falling a distance of nearly &0lt. on to the bank of the creek. In her tall her head struck a fence, and when picked up by the people from the train she had her leg and several bonea broken, dying almost instantly. She waB carried U) the hoflse of her relatives, which she had left a itvf minntes before. It appears she had just taken leave of a son who was to have gone away up country by the train at 425. A Verdict of accidental death waa returned. This is the third death caused in like manner on this bridge during the past three years. Mrs; Cunneen was an old resident and highly respected; The Dunedin correspondent of the New Zealand Herald reports a case in which George Griffiths, manager of the rink, wa3 charged with the larceny of a ring, and it is a peculiar one. It was stated that Mr. Griffiths called on Mr. Marsden on business, and Mies Marsden being in the shop he saw a diamond ring on her finger, and asked to see it. He put it on his own finger, saying she would have it next day. Some days passed, when Miss Marsden became uneasy and asked for the ring, which Griffiths said he had left at home. She then told her sister, who went to see Griffiths, who told her he had lost the riog from his pocket. It was then ascertained that Griffiths had attempted to pawn it, and he was then arrested, when he stated he understood the ring was a gift, and that the action was an absurd Civil remedy. Dr. Fitcbett, who appeared for the prosecutor, said that if all claim to the ring was abandoned they would proceed no further. He would accept the theory that Mr. Griffiths believed he had a right to the ring, and be would express regret for having proceeded BO far in the matter. Mr. Denniston, for the defence, said the CSEC was an attempt at bluff. Before the business of the Central Police Court, Sydoey, was formally commenced on the 3rd inst., Mr. T. M. Williamson, solicitor, drew the attention of the presiding magistrate, Mr. T. E. Abbott, S.M., to two cases which were on the sheet, in which the defendants, Hindoos, were charged with robbery. He stated that it might save the time of the court if he mentioned that the prosecutions would not be proceeded with, as the prosecutor had called on him the previous afternoon, and had authorised him to notify that fact to tbe bench. The name of the prosecutor was therefore formally called out, but he was not near at hand. Mr. Abbott accordingly discharged the prisoners, and they stalked off joyfully with a mob of their countrymen. A few minutes later Sergeant Lewis produced the prosecutor, who denied having seen or spoken to Mr. Williamson, and stated that he fully intended to prosecute, have engaged Mr. Gannon to conduct his case. Mr. Abbott, who seemed a good deal taken aback, requested the prosecutor to sit down for a time, in order that he might get him to sign an affidavit, with a view to his bringing the matter before the judges of the Supreme Court. At the time he gave instructions for the rearrest of the prisoners, who were accordingly again taken into custody and locked up. The following part of a Sydney telegram to a country paper is worth reprodncing:—" The prisoner Henrv L. Bertrand, who has now entered on the 23rd year of imprisonment, was, a few months ago, removed from Maitland gaol to Darlinghnrst. This removal was largely out of mercy to him, as latterly he has been developing bad traits, and to preserve him from punishment for misconduct it was thought advisable to remove him. When the last appeal for his release failed, Bertrand threw off his mantle of pious remorse and became a troublesome customer. One of his schemes was the victimising of well-to-do relatives of prisoners. He would write letters to these relatives saying he knew how to get their friends out—namely, by bribing officials for good reports ; and these people, in their anguish, would shell out to Bertrand's friends." Now the question arises, " How did Bertrand get these letters delivered to these people 1" It is well known that every letter written by a prisoner is read before it leaves the gaol. Occasionally letter is no doubt smuggled out; but for a prisoner in Bertrand's position to keep up a correspondence for a period with a number of persons outside the gaol walls appears to ns next to impossible. If, however, it is done—and the telegram to which we allude is very explicit on this point—surely it is a matter for official inquiry. A brutal mnrder took place last Friday nipht on the main Young to Burrowa road, within the Youog borough boundary, about threequarters of a mile from the post office. A hawker named Hans Olund, many years resident in the district, was camped about 20 yards off the metal road and within 100 yards of the Burrangong Hotel. Between 10 and II o'clock a man named Casey went to tbe hotel and sought to gain admittance. Mr. Mansfield, who had retired to bed, thinking the man only wanted a drink, took no notice. He then left, but returned shortly afterwards in company with another man, and again roused Mr. Mansfield, telling him there was some one on the road moaning, and, as he thought, was dying. Mr. Mansfield at once got up, and, dressing himself, procured a lantern, and went with the others to where Hans Olund was camped with his tilted cart. He was found lying in a pool of blood, faintly moaning, the brains running out from a deep wound in the head just above and behind the right temple. Leaving one of the men in charge, Mr. Mansfield rode into town and reported the mnrder. Senior-constable Mackenzie with a constable at once went out and took charge of the body, which was removed to a shed at tbe hotel, awaiting the icquest. The deceased was dressed, and it is assumed, trom the position in which the body was found, that he was in the act of serving Borne person when the blow was struck. 