m COMMODOltE JUNK BY a. MANVTLLE :FENN.; 1 |tf Author of " Thc'Parson o' Damford," Etc. Hi. ' .." ; CHAPTER X. r ruWTWfl TRIGS . ' f The laws were tremendously. stnngoiit in :r thSS ZhZ sV rjfran easier to bring 'dotf,, expense : i consiilertsl u crime to be punished with. death anuttnek upon the sacred person of one 1 of the king's officers byacouplc of notorious law breakers was notldcely b.l.e looked upon ' leniently by « jK0 well-known for stern w -sentences. _ .... -Rot a iurr of men was Hitting upon ), the offence of.AbolDcU and Bart WriJey, and feeling' disposed to (leal easily with a ' nntiiilo of young fellows wlioso previous bad 1 'character was aE in. connection with « smuirirUng, a orimo with tlio said jury of a 1/ very Rght dye, certainly not black. Abel ana Bart escaped tlio rope, and woro sen- ' ' v- tencodto transportation to one of HisMajesty's f uoionies in tlio West Indies, there to do con- t net work in connection with plantations, or W tho making of roads, as their taskmasters & might think fit. t# Time gh'dod by, and Mary DeE found Hint her Efe at liomo had become insupportable. P® - She was not long in finding that, now that -she was left alone and unprotected, sho was f not to bo free from persecution. Her con- i temptuous rejection of Captain Armstrong's ' i advances seemed to have tho effect of < increasing his pcrsoeution ; and ono evening . at the end of a couple of months Mary Dell sat on.onc of the rooks outside the cottage door, g&zing; out to sen, and watcliing tlio ships sajl'wcstivnrd, as she wondered whether . i thoso on: board would ever see tho lirothbr . who seemed to bo aU that .was left to lier in this world. That particular niht the thought, which . . hud been hatching m her brain ever since Abel had been sent away flew forth fully fledged and ready, and she roso from wlieto she had heen sitting in tho evening sunshine,' . -and wulked into tho cottage. Mary Deli's proceedings would lmvo '.-fflccited a smile from an observer, hut tlio cottage stood alone. She had heard that 'Captain Armstrong was from homo nnd not -expected book for a week, and there was no " fear of prying oyes as the sturdy, weU-built "girl took down a looking-glass from whore it .hung to n nail, and, placing it npon the . : table, propped it with mi old, jnr, and then seating herself boforo the gluss, she . folded v.ier arms,, rested them upon the table, and sat .for quite an hour gazing, ut herself in the mirror. , . Womanly vanity? Nota scrap of it, but ."firm, intense purpose ; doep thought; calm,, 1 -calculating observation before taking a step that'was'to iuflncnce her lifo. ' ' s. rOHO after a time' and walked Into, her , Mother Abel's bedroom, where she stayed for i somo minutes, and then -with a quick, , : resolute, step, sho re-entered the . cottage kifchen,. thrust tho fay/-- embers together tlmt . burned upon tho hearth, took a pair of scissors from a box, qhd aguin seated herself \- -'beforo tho glass. .... Tho sun was Betting, and filled tho slate- ' floored kitchen with light which flashed back hlurred looking-glass, and cast- a 'narious glare in the girl's stem countcnanco, -- with its heavy' .dark brows, smi -browned- ruddy cheeks, and gleaming oyos. ' ; ; . Snip ! i-.'.c ' The sharp scissors had passed through one i lock of tho massive black tresses' which she had. shaken over her shoulders, and- which! ' '' then rippled to the cottage floor:- r-.i j ?' I- Byp ' : Another cut, .' and two locks had faUcn.. Tbn rapidly imp, miip, 'otirioiisi .. "thick, sharp snip — and tho great' waves of. , glorious hair kept falling as : tho barb, aim-- -, burned, ruddy ann played liere and there, and- ... -:fhe steel bhidesgEtteredaudoponod audolosed, ; as if ann, hand, nnd scissors formed' the neck, \- lead, and angry; bill' .of .some floreo .bird" attacking that ivoll-aliapcd head, and at -.-every snap took off a thick tross of hair. ' , .It was not a long task, and ,whoh the hair J. hndnE fallen, to lie Around, one oarious ring ssrfglibhmk, trasses, thoroi.wcro only ;o. few;; .snips; to givo here' and ' there to . finish off notches and two long, untidy spots, and -then . : the girl roso, nnd with a oold, hard look . upon her frowning faco she 'stooped, and stooped, and at each rising cast a groat tress of .hair to where the' flames' leaped,, and seised it, scorcliing the locks,' which writhed, and curled, aiid flared, and ' crackled as if alive, wliilo as if to aid the idea that slid was , destroying something living, .a peculiarly .pungent odour arose, as. of- burning, flesh, a-nd flUod the room. . , :: ... ; j .« An lioiu' later, just :ns .tho .rod moon roso en! slowly above tlio surface of tho'sea, a 'sturdy.-'.' h looking young man, with a stout' stick in one a- "hand— tho vory stick which had' helped to belabour Captain' Armstrong— aiid -it bundln ;; "tied up in ' a handkerchief beneath his arm, stopped out of tho , oottngd, oliimged tlio key.' . from, itisido to oiiisido, closed tho ; old ..., , -door, locked it, dragged out , tlio key, hud . . with a sudden jerk sent it flying far out iiito : deep water beyond tho rocks, where it' f oU "with ii (LuHpffftth ! followed by apcoiilhirhissiiiif (found,' as the waves at'-liigh' water rushed back over tho fmb shinglo lit tho "thrower's foot.. - v. \- There, was u siiiifp look toim'd 'thin but no one was iii sight ; nothing, to bo heard but tho .hissing waters, and thc sphisliin-, , : .geepmg, _ and., smacking' sound, as tho tiSo ' .;' swayed in and out among, tho.- masses ; of J-hcii tho figure turned onco moro to tho cottugo; . guzed at' it tfixddly for a' fow; ' momenta, took iv step or twottwnvj hut sjinuig haob. directly with',, flii/ bxccocUnir hitter cry,' and IdHSbu. tlio rough impaintca % wpodwork again ' atid agiiiii with rapid V -acton, andihori dashed off to tlio foot of tho and phmbod rajiidly to tho .'aheop-trhok i u: a1 ? fiuntly-f-ei n path tlmfc; ,lod : towards alantfrn Tjf>n ,.i.i 1..1V . t I'.-,-, icaptiiin. still stayed with his young -wife, and then joined tho west road whioh led to Ply mouth town ... ' Tlio risky pari of tlio. track was passed, and Pen and down-liko iiasturoshoyond tho fOllffs were reached ; and hero;, witli the f.: : moon hogmmug to throw tho. shadow of tho ' Itmvollor far forward and in- wcird-lookuig . length, tho original of that shaddw strodo oil _.. .. "manfully for another quarter cif aimlo', when a.r\:SU at ouco 0,01,0 wnH a stoppage, for anothor' . figure was soon coming from tho dirbotioti of J-oroross, and tho moon shining- full upon tho faro showed plainly who it mm. 1 ' ' r wuJ.no question, of identity, for that mfe than iiis. oustomitry mao' Captain Jnmos Armstreni 1 joiunoy had been postponed— had £". ."Stb i' oruolly, quarreUbd Sun'phrey, who" had lioeu ' -Wo£l + ' "i1.'1 then loft the house, dctoi- u... « a>ra to aiary; Dpiys souyary ®a5ai "I haven't hebn tho lmndsomo oat. She t nf ' 1 ' Cl5 hllV0 elaws, and ivhon llor liowtopurr nicely sho'U komi thorn always sheathed. PU bring hor <(T?n0UB?,H onco and for aE." : - ; eantoto10 dovi''a this ?» muttorod ; tho "silor on tho tramp to Plymouth. Well, ho won't know- mo: I i yron t.tuxn hack. : etrodoouadozon yards nndthon stoppeitl ' . r' figure boforo him had.stoppod moments before; nndtlion a oliango .32® OTor tho aspect of the captain. His &Sv; di tU"1Cd ."mtaLte?8 h0rri"8' but tllof eouldiho no eribd, hoarsely, ms he JMgecU the. idea that tlio brother 'hud : hoirn ' savo hiB iistor from' aU ' +bl' .ntof inPpath 1" rang forth innhsWor, 0ud' ""perions, nndii W 'a .toUo,.of tonso hatred 'and aupprrased passion, the ono word— '-Doir " " . : - Cr.f110 Illst word rang out there was' a " nf ?tiuk Panning through tho ; . S n tremondous thud, aud tho enptoin feE leadlong upon the rocky ground. 1 '? wof ntter silouco as the young St P«t?0d0foot up the prestratonian's Mt, stamped upon it savagely, and strodo iluuS1 lift10' w»k. lias lssea pur- on right away over tho wild country bordering the ttca. ' Thefigureloomod uponcoin the moonlight, os the captain rose slowly upon one elbow, imd gazed after it to seo that it scomod to bo of . supernatural proportions, . and then ho sank book again with a groan. i It's a spirit," he said, "come back to her ; " and. thou tho -poltroon fainted dead away. I CHAPTER XI. : in TltE rtASTATIOlr. Someone singing a west-country ditty. " Jlis ntoe-btaek eycn " A pause in the singing, and the striking of several blows with n rough' hoe, the to destruction of weeds in a coffee-plantation ; wlule, as the chops of tho hoo struok tho. clods of earth, tho fetters worn by tho striker gave forth faint clinks. > Then in a pleasant musical voice tho singer weut on with anothor line : " And hi curly hair-. " Moro chops with tho hoo, and cflnks of tho fetters. '.':IIitpte<ui>iyi'piiv- " 'A heavy thump with the hack of the tool to an obstinate olod, which took sovoral moro strokes before it crumbled np ; and aU the time the fetters clinked nnd clanked loudly. Then the singer went on with tho sweet old minor air with its chUdisli words. Didiny heart oiunnrc . " Chop 1 chop 1 cEnk 1 clink ! clank ! < ' Gmtrelhc win — , i " JltH no ruh'r. ikr putt." " Oh, I say, Abol, mate ; don't, lad, don't." .,. " Don't what I" said Abel DcU, resting upon his' hoo, and looking 'iip at big Bart Wrigley, clothed liko himself, armed, with a I'bo, and alsoj doooratid '' with.' 'fotiors, as K'o stood wipmg "the 'perspiration -from liis forehead.': ' " ' . " Don't sing that there old"' song. It do make mo feel so linked." _ " linked, Bart 1 "VVell, . .what if it does ? Those are unked days." ' " Ay, but euoh timo you sing that, I seem ti> see the rocks along by tho shore at home, with tiio. ivy hanging down, and tho sheep feeding, and the sea rolling in, and tho blub sky, with guffs a-flying, and it makes me feel liko a boy again, and big as I am, as if I should cry." . - " Always were liko o big boy, Barf. Hoe away, lad, the overseer's looking." Bart went on chopping weeds, diffgontly following his friend's oxamplc, as a sour- looking, ycBow-fiiccd man camo by, in company with u soldier loosely shouldering his musket. But thoy passed by without speaking, and Ahuluoutinued : " There's sea hero, and blue sky and aun- Bhino." " Ay," said Bart, " there's sunshino hot enough' to fry amiickorel. ' 'Placo is right enough if you was froo; but it ar'n't home, Abel — it ar'n't homo." ."Homo? .no," said tho young".' man,- savagely. But wo have no, liomoi ' 8ho spoffed that." . ' There was an interval: of wcod- cliopping and clod-breaking, the young - men's chains clanking loudly, as they worked now' so oncrgeticaUy that tho overseer noted their proceedings, and pointed ' them out ' ns examples to an idle hand.. ."At'di'you'rou'haid Ian, Abel," remarked Bart; iritia-a timo. \ ' ", yes ; ,aiid you'ro a soft 'uu, Bart.-, She could aliyays ..turn you round hor' Iittlo- - finger.",, , '.' Ay.ibloss-.her ! and sho -didn't' teE on us;" vii. - ,, : " Yds, sho did," said Abel, sourly'j and ho'.turned his hook1 upon his companion,, 'and toiled a-jvay to ; ' hido tho: working of - his : fado;'"; I - ' "" 'V'.' V! Tho'; siin 'shoiio'dhwn as;hotly as it can shino'iii ithd' West : Indie's, 'and the' coiirse shirts the, youug ' men woro' sho wed patclies of moisture " whoro ' tho 'porspiriitioii onmd through ; but they worked, on, for tho labour deudeued tho misery iu their breasts. And yet it was u very paradise ns far as nature wiis, concerned. Man had spoiled itns .far as' ho could , liis cultivation' boing but n poor rodorapdnso for turtiin'g so. lovely a spot intd> plantation worked by convicts— by men> , fouled , tlu; ambient air cqoh moment tjioy'dponcd thoir Eps ; while, firom timo to timo, tho earth was stained with blood. , In the distance shone tho sen, and between tlicpluntation and' tho stiver coral sands lay patohos of virgin forest, 'where tho richest and most luxuriant of tropic growth.: revolted in. tlio heat and moistnre, wliUo in tlio siuiny patches briUiant flowers blossomed. Then, camo wild tangle, oano-brake, and in .one ' place, whore a creek indented tlio laud, weird-' looking .mangroves spreud tlicir leafage over their muddy scnffolds of aerial' roots; " How long hiivo wo been hero, mitte 1" suid!Bnrt,.aftoi'.a pause. . ' . - ' , ...".Duiijio;'.' replied Abol, iioreoly. - . ; ' Hero ho begun chopping .moro vigorously. . ' " How long wiff thoy. keep us in:thishero plnoo ?" siiidBiirt, nftor another interval, and ho looked from tlio beautiful shore' at tho hottoin of tho slope on which thoy worked to ' tho cluster., of stono and wood-built buildings, which formed' tho prison and the sUtion . farm, with . factory and ' mill, all worked by convict p labour, whEo those in tlio neighbourhood weromiiiiagod by blacks, . Abol did not answer, only scowled fiercely , and Bart sighed and repeated liis question. ii -pip wo die I" uuid Abel, savagely';. " sumo as ' we' vo soon other feEows die— of fever aud hard work, and tho lash. Curse the captain. Curse . Bart clapped ono hand over his compauion's lips, and ho held tlio" otlior boliind his head, dropping his hoo to leave full liborty - to abt.l. .. " I ndvor'qnarrols vrith iyou, Abol, iad,'.'' ho said; shortly ; hut if you says words ngain thiit poQr gpE, I'm going, to fight— and '.that won't do. . Is it easy?" ' " Abel seemed disposed to strugglo ; bubho oravo in. nodded his head." and Burt loo'soi! lira iuid picked up his hoo, just as tho. over seer, . who had, corao softly up bohinil; brought down tho whip he carried .with stinging violence across tlio Bhouldors of first one and thou tho otlior. Tho young men sprang round savagoly. ; but thoro was a sentry closo hohind, musket-- armed, imd with buy one t fixed, and thoyknew that fifty soldiers _woro -within call, and that if thoy struuk- tlieir taskmaster down and made;) for tho jungle, they would bo hunted -out with dogs, bo. shot down Eko wild IxjiistH, or die of starvation, as other un fortunates had died before thorn. . There was nothing for it but to resume their labour and hoo to' tho clanking of their fetters, while, after promise of what was to follow,, in tlio shape of tying: up to the triangles . and tho. cat, if.. thoy quarrelled' again, the overseer wont on to. soo to tho otliors' of bis flock. \ ; ' ' " It's worse than a dog's Efe !'.' - said Abol,!. bitterly. " A dog-doos got patted as woE as" kiokod.'; ' Biirt, lad, I'm sorry I got youtliat lash." ' " 'I "Nay, lad, novor.mind,!' saidBari.1' "I'm sorry for you ; . but don't spdiik hard thiugs of Mary.' ,. '--ir ,i; : "I'll try not," said Abol; as ho lioed-away oxeitodly ; "hut I hopo this coffoo wo grow may poison thoso who drink it." '' ; ' ' 1 "What for? Tlioy- can't holp it," said Burt, unfiling. " Thoro, lad; tako it oooEy. Some day wo may'ibako n run for it." .."And ho. shot 1", said Abol, .. bitterly. " Thoro, youlro down to tho cud of - that row. ,. I'll 'go this way.; . .He's watching us." 1-i : -i: Bart obeyed. Ho was ono who always -did oboy i and by degroqs tho young men woro'working right away from each other, tiU they wore a good two hundred yards apart. Abol was at tho end of his row. first, and ho stopped and turned to begin ngniu. and go down, so ns to pass Bart about tho middlo of thooloaring; hut Bart had another ininuto's ohopping to do before turning. Ho was closo up to a denso patoli of forest — one ivEd tangle of eimo and oroopor, wlfioh litcraUy tied tho fefil trees together and.miido tho forest impassable — when tho shrieking of a kind of jay, wlfioh had been flitting about oxoitedly, stopped, and was foEowod by tlio melodious whistle of n white bird and tho twittering of quitoa flock of Iittlo fellows of a gorgeous Hcarlot-orimson. Then tlioshriokiug of sovoral- parrots answering cach rothor aroso ; while just abovo Bart's hoad, where ciUsu.-rh-' of truiiipqt-sliaped- blossoms' hung' down from tho edge of tho 'forest; scores of' briUinntiy-scalcd humming-birds EtcraUy buzzed on almost transparent wing, and then snapended thomsolvcs in mid-air ns thoy probed tho noctarics of tho flowers with their long hills. "Tou re boantios, you nro," said Bart, stopping to wipe his brow; "but I'd givo tho huff lot on you for a sight of one good old sarcy Bparrer a-sitting on the cottage - roof and saying c hixl-thiwl. Ah ! shnE us over soo old Devonshire again ?" The parrots hung upside-down, nnd the tiny humming-birds flitted here and there, displaying, from timo to time, tho briEiancy of their soalo-Hko feathers, and Bart glanced at his feffow eonviot and wns about to work back, when there camo a sound from out of tho dark forest which mado him stare wffdly, nnd then tho sonnd arose again. Bart changed colour, and did not stop to hoo, but walked rapidly across to Abel. ' "What's tlio matter?" said the latter. " Diwuo, lad," said the other, rubbing his brew with liis arm; " but there's somc- thingwrong." "What is it?" "That's what I dunno; ..but just' now something said quite plain, f Bart ! Bart !"' -." Nonsense ! Tou arodroaming." . " Nay. I was wide awake ns-I nm now. ; ami its I turned and stared it said it again." "Itsaidit?" " Well, she said it." - "PoE parrot," said Abel, gruffly. " Go on with your -work. . Here's tho overseer,'!- Tho young men worked aivny," and their, supervisor passed them,, arid, . apparently satisfied, continued- his jqurnoy. round; . " May huve.bcou a poU parrot,"- said Bart. "They do talk plain,. Abel, hid; but this! sounded like something else." . " Wlnit olso could it bo ?" i 1 " Sounded Eko a'ghost." ' Aliol burst into n hearty laughr— sb'Hoarty that Burt's face was slowly overspread by ii broad snfild. " Why, lad, , that's,' better," ho- sifid, grimly, 'ii ar'n't seen you do ! that for' months.. Workaway." . - Tho hint was given bccnuso of tho ovorscor : glancing in their direction ; and they riow: worked on togethor slowly; going down the row. toward the junglo; at which Bart'kcpt'on darting uneasy glances. " Enough to make a man laugh to hoar vou talk of ghosts, Bart," said Abel, after a' timo. ' ; ; " Wliat could it ho, thou ; "Parrot somo lady tamed," said Abel, shortly, ns thoy worked on sido - by- side, " escaped to tho woods ngifiii. Somo of these birds talk jnst like a Christian." i Ay," said Bart, nftor. a fow moments': quiet thought,- " I've : hcered 'em; lad; but thore's no poll- piirrot- out licro as knows me.". v.-::- , , .- - \ " Knows you?"1 '' Well, didn't I tcU you as it oaffed to mo Bart! Bart!'" : 't Sounded liko it," said Abel, lnconicaEy. " What docs lie want ?" . . Eor just then tho ovorscor shoutixl, arid signed to tho gangmon to como to him. 1 '' To begin anothor job— log-rolling, I think," gi'owlod Bart, shouldoriug liis hoc. ' . At that lnoiubnt, as Abol' foUowcd his' oxamplo, thcro camo in a low, engor tone of voiob from but of tho jungle, twenty yards away — . . ' : "Bart ! — -Abel !— Ahol !" : . "Don't look," whispered Abol, who reeled ns if struok, nnd recovered himself to catch ' his companion by the ann. - " All right !" lio said aloud ; " wo'E ,bo hero'itq- morrow- Womustgo.",'- ''-i; ' . ' i ' : CHATTER 3QI. ; . \-- i..: . ix - deadiiy FEltis. . '! .,' It was quite a week before tho two young men were at work in tho plantation of young trees again, and during - aE -that timo tliby had- feverishly discussed tlio voice ' thoy lind heard. Eveiy timo they.hrid approached tlio bordors of tlio plantation whoro it' rau lip to tho virgiri' forest . tlioy ' Imd boun on tho .qui >'irb, oxpeeting., to hear., tlicir riuuics called' again, but only to bo disappointed ; . and, after duo: consideration, Abol placed n right interpretation upon the reason. . 1 " It was someone who got ashore from a boat," lio' said,: " and maimged to orawl up there. It's tho only placo whoro anyono could got up." "Being nigh that orcok; hul wlicrb tlio crocodiles is," said Bart. " Ay, you're right. "Wlio could it ho ?" " Ono of our old mates." . " Nay ; no old liiuto would tnlro nE that trauhlo for.-us, lad,. It's somoono Mary's -sent to bring us a letter and.a bit of uows." _Tt ivas at night iu tho prison linos that: Barf, said - this, and : then lie listened woiideringly-iii tlio dark, for ho heard some thing like a sob from close' to bis olhow. ! , Abol, matey !". lib whispered.. ; ' Don't talk to mo, old iad;", camo hack hoarsely., after, a timo. Aud then, after a long siloneq, Yes, , you're right. Poor lass — poor lass 1" . .. , , : " Say that again, Ahol ; say that again," whispered Bart, oxoitedly. " Poor lass I I'vo bqeu ;too hard on her. - Sho didifit get us took." " Tlinnk God - Theso wore ' Bart's hoarsely I whispered' words, eliokcd with emotion ; and directly after, as lio.lajr .thero, Ahol Dell, felt agrcat, rough, trcmliliiig hnfid pass , aoross his face and search. about iiim tiff it rcualicd his own, whiuli it gripped and hold witli a strong, film clasp, for tlioro was' hcucatli Bart's rough, liusk-liko oxtorior a groat deal of tho trao, 'loyal, loving ihatoriiil of wlfioh English gentlombii are ' mado ; and when towards morning thoso two prisoners feE asleep in ' their chains, ; hand , was stiff gripped in hand, wliUb thb droanis that hrightenod tlio re maining hours .of tlieir rest from penal lubour .wore vpry simUar,. hbiug of a, rough home doivn boneatli Devon's lovely eEffs, whoro tlio son ran . spurldiug ovor tlio clean- washed nobbles. ft lid tllG» bftndsnmn . fnim nf "Affimv smilcd upon each in- turn. . . -. "Abel, mate; 'I'm .ready for- anything now,", said Bart, as tliby' went that iriorifing to tlieir work. " Only say again as you' for give our lass.'.'", . .;l " Bart, old lad," said Abol, hoarsely, ' I've nought to fonrlvo.':' , : "Halil". ejooulated- Bart, and: tiion lio began to wlfistlo softly as if in tho highest of spirits, and lookod longingly in tho direction of tho junglo-'bcsido' the mud- orebk ; but three days elapsed boforo 'tlioy were Sot to hoo' among the ooffeo bushes again. Burt ' lot liis qlfiri' 'go down upon his oliost oii tho morning ! when tlio brder was given, arid :'tho ovbrseor i'saw fit uud'. braoked liis whip. .... .. .:( : ! ... . .".You sulky .ruffian 1" ho cried. .."Noiio ofi- yoursour-.looks with' mo. Get on. with you - ' i h.. ; 1. - . ; i ' He oraoked.! his '! whip again,' and Bart shuffled off,' clinking his fottors loudly. " " Do keop botivobri' us; Ahol; lad," lio' Svhisp'brcd; " or I shall ' go off and ho'U soo. Oh, lor, libw I do want to laugh !" . " s Ho restrained his mii-tli for a time, and thoy walkod.on to tho end of tho plitutatiou and hogiin tlieir task at tho opposite end to : whoro thoy had loft off, wliou tho rato at which their lioos were' pEed was suoli tiiat thoy. wore not long boforo thoy hogari to near tho douse jungle, boyond which'luy tho innn- grove swamp and tiio sea. . ." 1 daren't hope, Bart," whispered Abel, so despondently that his companiori, in a wffdly oxoited inauuor, laughed in , liis face. ""What a lad you nro !'' ho oried. >" It's all right.; he's waiting. for us. It'ssoiiio suffer oliap from Dartmouth, wlioso Blfip's put in nt ICuigston or Belize. Cheer up, mnto !" But it was all a raookory ';' ' arid when tlioy appronolicd tho junglo at last, liooing more slowly— for, riiucli as thoy longed to got up at onco, thoy . know that any unusual moro- mcut on tiir-ir part might ho iiitorprbtod by watchful oyos - into an attempt at escape, and bring down upon thorn a shot — Burt svoico trembled aud sounded hoarsely ns lie said pluyfuEy — ' ' . " Now, Ahol; my lad, I'm going to talk to that there poll parrot." "Hush!" whispered Ahol, agitatedly. " Keep on quietly with your work tiU wo get closo, arid thou call softly." ' "Oh, it's aU straight, lad," whispered hook Bart, ohopping away and breaking clods, as his fottors clanked moro loudly than ever. " Now, -thon, PoEy ! , Pretty Polly, ore you thoro ?" ' . ;' " Yes, yos, Bart. Ahol, dear brother, nt last, at last !" camo from tho junglo. " Mnry— PoEy, my girl !'1 cried Ahol, hoarsely, ns he throw down his hoo ; andho was running toward tho jungle, where a crashing sound was heaid, when Bart flung liis strong arms across his oliost and dnsliou him to the ground. Aro you mad I" ho cried. . " Mary, for God's sako, koop hook !" Tlio warning wns needed, for from across the .plantation the overseer nnd a.couplo of' soldiers camo running, every movement on: tho part of tho prisoners being watcliod. ' ' " Sham ill, lad ; sh,.m El," wliispcTcd Bart, us a piteous sigh came from the depths of tiiojimglo. " Now then, you two. Pightirigqgmn ?" roared tho overseer, as ho camo punting' "P- "Fighting, sir!" growled' Bart ; "rum fighting. Ho nearly wont down." " Ho was trying to escape." " Escape !" growled Burt. Look at; him. Sun's hot." . Tho overseer bent down over Ahol, wlioso aspect helped' tho Elusion-, for -ho.lookbd- ghastly from his emotion ; and ho had pro- senco of miiid enough to open his eyes, look about wildly from faco to faob, nnd tiibn begin to . strngglo upj with ono hiind to his' head. ! .. . . . ; ' " Is.it tho fayvcr, sor 1" said , ono of tiio' soldiers.: ... ; . .. . ; '; ' " No..' Touch of tiio snnr" snicL tho over-" seer., Tliojr're, always getting it. Tlibre, you're all right, ar'nt you?" ; ' . .' '.Yos; - sir," said Ahcly slowlyr as ho picked up his hoc: ' ', " Sit'abwri.'.imdqr the troos therqfbra few .minutes," said' tho overseer. ' ' Lend him your water- bottle, soldier. And" you.': stop, with him tiH lib's better. - I'E como buck soon." . . .; ... .'!;..i..-.d e This lost was to Barfc,; playing, as it woro into tho. prisono'ra' hands, for Bart-took the water-bottle; and as 'the -overseer "went off- with lii.H. guard, Abol wns assisted' to tlio edge of the jungle, where a hugo cotton-treo throw its shiido ; and horo Biirtr placed liimr nau old stump, tromhEng the while,, as 'lie held the water to his companion's lips. " , It was .linrd .work to kbop stEl wliilo tiio others wont out of hearing; hut at last it seemed safe, and Abel panted out— . " Mnry, dear, nro yoiL there ?" m " Yes. ycs, - Abel. Ohmydcaribrotlicr, say 0110 kind word to mo' !"'!' r - ' Kind word ? Oh, my' luss, my lass, say that you fqrjpvo nib-!" : ' ' " Forgive yau ? Yesl .Biit quiek, dciir, hpforb. those inch bbnio hock." : ; . ; I /'ToU me, thon,' said Abel, speaking with' his. bock .to . tho junglo, .nn<l his head bent down as if ;E1, .whilo :Bai-t loaned oyer liiin, . trembling .liko a.-lraif,-<.?Vtcll?n>o; liow-yoii' oamo to bo -horo:" - v.' - : j ' ' : : ' , " I camo over in a ship to Ejngstori. Then I -went to ' New -Orleans. Then to Honduras. And it was billy a fortnight ago that I found you." " But ho w did you como hero ?" > " I've got a' Hinifil b<>at;-..doiir. I asked and asked, for. inoutlis. before I could find out wliore yoti were. I've boon, to other planta tions, and pooplo 1m vo thought Jnc mud ; hut .n. "7 ' 1' Stumbled across the saUors of a ship that comes hero with stores from tiio station, arid I hoard them say that there wore - a number of prisoners working at this place; and at last, after waiting-imd watch ing for weeks and weoks, I caught sight of y!\ two, arid . then, it was u mouth before I could speak to you ris rOiaho, other diiy.'.!i . And now you huvo' cohio,'' said'' Abbl? bitterly, !';I can't oven look at you." . " But you wiE csoapo, dear, " sifidMary. -." Esoapo !" oreril Abbl;' oxoitedly.. " / " Steady;' lad, steady;-' 'Member you're IE)" grpwlod 'Bnrt'," glancing toward tiio nearest- sentry,' and. then holding up the liottio as if to soo how niuoh. .was within. " Yes, bscnpo," said Mary- " I liayo'tho boat ready. v Can you como now ?" Impossihlo ! ;Wu. should bo ovbrtakbii \- and shot before wo hail gono a inilo." ... "But you must oscapo," said Mary. 'You must got down hero by niglit." " How?" said Bart, gruffly. "You two. must sottio that," said Mary, quickly. " I am only a woman ; but I have found means to. got hero with ii boat, and: I can como again nnd again tiU you join no." "Yes," said Abel, decidedly; "wo will contrive that.",. " But is it safe, hiss, where you aro ?" ' " What do you moan ?'! ' Thoy tolled us there was tlic crocodiles all along that creek; and shnrks out beyond, if wo tried to rim." "Yos,"' said Mary, calmly, "thoro nro plcnta" of these creatures about." ' j ' "Listen," said 'Abel, quickly, .and speaking as decidedly now .as. his sister. " Can you get here night after night ?" " Yes," said Mary. " Ilinvo bean lioro ovory night sinco I sjioko to you hist." " Then keep on coming." "Yes," said: Mary; "I will till yoti escape." You lmvo tiio boat ?" ' ."" Yes:" " And provisions r" " Yes ; a little." ' " But liow do you manage " I am fishing if any ono sees mo ; lint it is very lonely here, i soo nbtifiiig but the birds," slip added to herself, " and sharks "nnd alligators ;" and ns sho said this she Hiifilod sadly. . " Bq baroffil, then," said Abol. " Bart, old lad, we wiE eseapo." . Thoro -ivajia loud expiration of tlio breatli from tiio junglo, and Ahul continued — " I must - got up and go on work, or they will ho bnck. .: Mary, onco more, you have a boat?" . ' " Yes." " And can como up here and wait?" . "Yes." , ! Quick,, short, decided answei-s each timo. "Thou ho cautious. Onlv eoinn bv night." , - , f.'I know. Trust me. I wiE not bo seen. I will do nothing rasli.- To-ifiglit, as soon as it grows dark, I shall ho hero ox- pcoting yon; for I shall not stir. At diiy- brcak I shall go, and como again at night." " And mind tho sentries." " Trust jnc; Ahol. I shnU not como now by day for six days. . If at tlio oml of six nights you have not been nhlo to escape, I sliaE comb for six days by day, hoping that you may ho moro successful in tho daylight ; for perhaps you wiE find thut a hold dasli wiE help you to got away." "But tlio risk — tho risk!" panted Aliol— " tlio risk, girl, to you !" . . " Abel, dear, I nmliero to risk everything, I liavo risked everything to join you." "Yos," ho . sniu, hoarsely. " But after- wards. If wo do oscapo?" " Loavo tiio plans to mo,", alio said; with a little laugh: " I have boat aud sail, and tho world is very wido. Only escape. Take care; tho men are coming buek." Mary's voice oeiiscd ; and Abol took 1 fold of Burt's arm', 'rose; raised liis hoc, and walked with him to where thoy had left off work,' to begin again slowly, tiio two men trembling with oxbitoincut now ; for, as tho bvorscor neared tlium, a bird began flying to and fro over tiib edge of the jungle, sorcam- ing .Mildly,, oviiloutly from the fact thut somebody was hidden there. (to nn qontixued). Investigation litis shown that porous term cottu bricks aud blocks best resist tiio action of lire, water, and frost. Next to thoso as fire- resisting materials remo concretes ami burnt clay work. For buildings intended to bo fire proof, the best imitoriuls uru iron ivork, incased in porous torru-cottu, with tile or brick work iu roof arid floor, and tile construction. Tlio lioHo'w.tilbs aro faced with vitreous tiio, sluto, or any good weatherproof coating, or with a siuglo thickness of brick. Tho Emperor William is a little fidgety client tlio equipment of liis army. He 1ms, fur instance, just changed all tlio liuiccs fur shorter tuid stronger ones, after having ordered longer lances. Only recently ho luid the Cuirassiers supplied with revolvers ; theso wore immediately afterwards changed for carbines. These have been now replaced by, ritleH of a small calibre. There is one woman jounuilist, and only ono, reporting tlio proceedings of tho I'liruoll Commission at tlio Law Courts. She is, how- ovor, a somewhat famous exception, for tlioy say tlmt she is nono other than Madame Veuturi, tho . well-known friend of Mazzhfi. Slio holds tho seat- allotted to an Irish news paper uud does correspondence for somo Con tinental journals. 