BALLARAT EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The week of united prayer, as usually ob served early in the new year, was commenced by a public service in Lydiard street Wes leyan Church last night. There was a large attendance, representing most of the churches, and including the following .minis ters:—Revs. E. W. Nye, J. 11. Mackay, R. C. Flockart, S. Wilkinson (Sydney), J. K. Johnson, A. Bird.'aud W. Hunt. Tiie Rev. E. W. Nye presided, and an address on '‘Confession and Thanksgiving was delivered by the Rev. J. H. Mackay. The hyiuus sung were from a printed pro gramme specially provided for this and simi lar occasions. In connection with this, the annual meeting of the alliance was held. The Rev. W. Hunt (lion, seecretary) read the annual report, as follows: “In presenting the eleventh annual report, the committee record thanks to Almighty God for tokens of the Divine presence and blessing during the year. The week of prayer in Januury was mai ked by somewhat improved attendances, and in creased interest shown, and was observed in connection with the Centenuial Mission held throughout Australia. The meetings were brought to close by the usual united com munion service, which was held in the Baptist church, when about 300 communi cants were present. The Rev. T. R. Cairns presided, and the Rev. R. Ewin, M.A., of Christchurch, N.Z., from the words • And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost,’ Acts ii., 4. The concluding address was given by the Rev. (Thomas Williams. On 20th January, a special public service was held in the Wes leyan Church, Lydiard street at 9 a.m., when a large number assembled representing most of the churches of Balla rat, and a profitable hour was spent. The Rev. Dr Roseby presided, and the Rev. T. R. Cairns gave an appropriate address. In August a successful mission, under the aus pices of the Centennial Mission Committee, was arranged by the alliance, and held in the Academy of Music. In connection there with a Bible reading was given on most of the afternoons in the Pro Cathedral. Mr Geo. Clarke conducted the services, and by his clear and powerful enunciation of Divine truth much good was accomplished. The meetings will not soon be forgotten, and on all occasions were thronged by those eager to hear the message. The mission was brought to a close by a. communion service on loth August in the Lydiard street Wes leyan Church. The Rev. E. W. Nye presided, the Rev. A. Bird preached, and the Rev. R. Kennedy gave an after-communion address. While rejoicing that death has not invaded the ranks of your committee during the year, we regret that several members have removed, among them the Rev. Dr Roseby who has accepted a charge at Marrickviile, N.S.W., and Messrs J. Letcher and S. W. Smyth, who now reside in Melbourne. In resigning our trust to our successors, we de sire and pray that the God of all grace may shower His gifts upon the Alliance and make it increasingly useful to liis great glory.— W. Hunt, Hon. Secretary.” The treasurer’s report, read by Mr J. Roberts, showed— Receipts, including balance from last year, £35 ISs SI; expenditure, £lO 4s 9d, leaving a balance in hand of £25 13s lid. The re ports were adopted, on a motion proposed by Rev. R. C. Flockart and seconded by Rev. J. B. Johuson. On the motion of Mr S. Mor rison, seconded by Mr R. Faulks, the/ollow ing officers were elected for the ensuing year: —President, Mr R. A. Bethuue; vice-presi dents, Revs. E. W. Nye, J. H. Mackay, and F. Mason; lion, treasurer, Mr J. Roberts; lion, secretary, Rev. W. Hunt; auditors, Messrs S. Morrison and R. S. Gray; com mittee, all ministers (being members of the alliance), and Messrs T. Clarke, A. Hunter, J.P.; S. Morrisou, G. Bodycomb, R. Faulks, R. M. Johhston, A. Gray, Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C., W. Hardie, J. Little, R. G. Middle ton, J. L'lwther, J. Whykes, R. .S. Gray, W. V. Lambert, E. Hughes, and A. Saeddou. It was announced that two meetings in con nection with the week of united prayer will be held this eveniug—in St. John’s Preaby teriau Church, where the Rev. J. H. Mackay will preside, and the Rev. J. J. Brown will give an address; also in the Neil street Wes leyan Church, where the Rev. J. H. Tuck field will preside, and an address will be given by the Rev. T. R. Cairns. 