CHAPTER V. Large reward* were offered for the arrest and conviotion of the murderer or murderers ot Daniel Miibcnrne, and it was understood the polloe were most aotive and indefatig able in their endeavours to solve the mystery of the orime, and to bring the guilty to justice. No arresta were made, however, and the people began to talk lightly of the in telligence of onr officers of the law, and to enquire rather contemptuously concerning " the theory of the polioe." Miioh was Mid indeed at tnis time as to "the theory of the polioe," The newspapers opined their colomni to very diffuse oorrei^ondenoe upon the subject; amateur detectives from all parts of the oonntry proffered suggestions as to the proper course to be pursued. It was proposed that arrests should be made now of Mr. Klmher, now of Mr. Netheraton, and now of young Mr. Callow, the articled olerk. Some viewea with suspicion the evidenoe ot Mr. Delmax; others held It to be oertain that the honsekeeper and oaretaker at Great Grasshopper House knew more about the murder than they professed to know. Zn oertain quarters a desire prevailed that poor Mrs. I Bellamy should be brought before a magistrate. Altogether muoh advioe was forthcoming of an impulsive, ill-digested, and therefore rather worthless sort. The police kept their own counsel; if they had formed any theory they were careful not to say what it was. They looked as wise as they oould, but held their tongues. So tar they, at any rate, proved their prudenoe. General opinion aooounted for the murder Is this manner-Some evil.disposed person, lurking about in the deserted passage' ef Great Grasshopper House, had watched Mr. Belmar enter the solicitor's office, and seen h|pi transfer bank notes to Mr. Mil bourne Is eiohange for the dishonourad MIL! Mr. Delmar having taken hla departure, it was easy for the eni-dlsposed person to steal behind Sir. MUbonrne, snatoh thenotea from him, and suddenly thrnst him into hli own aafe. The bank cotes, of oonrse, were missing, wlthont any ohanee of their being traced. The key of the aafe waa alee mining. Foe some time Mr. KImber waa un pleasantly oonsolona that he waa an'objeot of suspicion. Torn which way he would, he saw, or fended that he saw, the eye of a; policeman fixed upon him in a aornttnialng and dlstrostfal manner. It wai hard; for few men regretted the deoeaae of his em ployer more eincerely than did Mr. KImber. Be could only rely upon the ezoellenoe of fata character, Ms well-known reapeotability, and hope that in time he might lira down the mlselvlngt on hla aoooant, even of the police, It wai different with Mr. Delmar. He, too, wai nnder surveillance, The tall, thin figure of Intpeotor Ferraby followed him like hla shadow. Bat he had not Mr. lumber's consolation. Mr. Delmar had no reserve of reputation to fall baok upon. He turned npon the offioer one day " Look here. I hare had about enough of this. When are yon going to let me alone? When is there to be an end of this?" "When the mnrdeier of Daniel MUbonrne is-discovered," said the Inspeotor. "Giro a flog a bad name and hang him. Ton want to hang me, I suppose." "I want to hang the murderer of Daniel Milboume." "Iknow I'm a bad oharaoter; that my kind of life isn't considered respeotable. People think became a man beta ne needs must be a rogue; that all are black sheep who go on the tun. But,'like some one else, we are not so blaok as we are painted. I'm a man of good family, I'd hare yon know. My father was a olergyman. I reoeived a University education. I'vo lived like a' gentleman, though I do attend races, and now and then, I admit it, am terribly down on my luck." " I know all this abont you, and more, Mr. Delmar," said the Inspector. " You persist, then, in dogging my foot steps, in haunting me like a ghost?1' "I must do my duty, Mr. Delmar." " The reward tempts you, I suppose, Old Netherston, 1 hear, is very liberal with his money. He'd pay any amount, they tell me, to discover the party who was really guilty of the murder." '* Mr, Nethereton does what he thinks his dnty, and I do what I think mine." " Then I'm to see yon whichever way I go, am I ? You're to follow me whither I go, east, west, north, or south, are vou ? Well, I warn you; its enough to madden a man. You may try my patience too far. And some day when I look round and find you following my footsteps, I shall be tempted to " "Not to murder me, Mr. Delmar?" As the Inspector spoke, he seized the young man by the arm. "No," said Mr. Delmar, with a strange laugh, "not to murder you, Mr. Inspeotor, only to give you in charge. Aa I said before, I warn you." Mr. Delmar turned on his heel and departed. There was a ornel and wrathful expression on his faoe. He was of a [deadly pallor, and his blue eyes flashed angrily. The Inspector mused-a violent man, of vicious habitaof life, liable to fits of passion, nnsorupnlous, vindictive, pitiless. He is capable of any crime. He oarries a revolver. He would have shot me then if he had dared, or the chance had seemed favorable. I know the man now. He did it. The Inspector walked on slowly, medi tating as ne went, in the direotlon Mr. Delmar bad taken. It was a bold step, his ooming forward to olaim his gloves ana give evidence, and he did it very well. Bat he received little money at Newmarket that day, (and brought no (bank notes to London. He went to the office to beg for time, probably. The temp tation to snatch the dishonored bill waa too much for him; he yielded. The murder resnlted, A little more evidence and the warrant might issne. From time to time the Inspector entered in his pocket-book notes regarding Mr, Delmar and his movements. He waa now at Chester, now at Croydon, at Stookbrldtta, Bath, York, Epsom, and other plaoes. He was rarely absent from any raoe-meetings of importance. He had many acquaintances, bat few friends, no intimates. By his family he had been altogether discarded. The Inspeotor noted that here he had been a large winner, there a heavy loser. But upon the whole it seemed that hiB losings considerably ex ceeded his winnings. Curious particulars of his expenditure were here and there entered into the Inspector's note-book; his trades men's, tavern, and other bills, " He smokes too much. Drinks too mnoh. He Bleeps badly. His health seems giving way. He had a fit at Salisbury. He grows poorer and poorer. He had been again and again to the pawnbroker." There were many entries of that kind in the Inspector's book. In London it appeared that he usually atayed at certain hotels of the second olaas at the WeBt End. Bnt It waa noted that he ooaa sionally oooupied a room in a humble lodging house in the Bloomsbnry quarter, adjacent to Red Lion-square. 