TOPICS OF THE DAY. \- -- Listen to me, and it you speak me fair I'll tell you news, indifferent good to either. Municipal matters promise to be very lively next February, and although th- conflict is still afar off, there already appears to be a number of aspirants in the field. The aldermen who retire by effluxion of time are Messrs J. T. Smith (North Ward), F. Simon (South Ward) and W. F. Lins ley (Central Ward). Of course Mr. Alderman Smith will be opposed, but if his only antagonist be the individual whose name is now so freely bruited abroad, and who it may be said was de feated for the same Ward last February, it may be taken for granted that he has nothing whatever to fear. To defeat Alderman Smith, some person who possesses more ability and has stronger claims on the ratepayers than Mr. Alderman Smith has will have to come forward. Alderman Smith, as a matter of fact, may take things coolly, for when it is considered that Alderman Dunstan during the course of the last election never so licited a single vote and yet defeated an opponent who spent days in canvassing the ward, he must know that his election i9 safe. It is understood there will be three candidates for Centre Ward, including the retiring alderman, Mr. W. F. Lins ley. Now, Mr. Linsley has always been an ener getic representative of the ratepayers, and has performed all duties entrusted to him in thoroughly satisfactory manner; consequently it is unlikely the bulk of those interested will vote for any other candidate. Mr. Alderman Simon will not seek re election, so it is asserted, and therefore there will be a scramble for the seat now occupied by him for South Ward. Amongst the probable candi dates will be Mr. W. H. Dean, whose chance of election is very good. Altogether, the aspect of affairs is lively, and it is to be hoped that the ratepayers will take some interest in their selection of men who have shown themselves to be compe tent and capable, and reject the offers of mere blusterers, whoever they may be, who in offering themselves for election, are actuated, not by a Eure desire to work in the interests of the Borough ut by a desire to spite certain members of the present muncipal body who have not been over kind to them in the past. At thi6 particular 6eason of the year business of an exceptionally urgent character always takes a multitude of persons to Melbourne. Staid fathers of families excitedly inform the partners of their bosoms that they really must run down to the sister capital to see what those confounded fellows are doing and hurry them up. Young clerks present themselves at the manager's office with bogus telegrams announcing that dear aunt is much worse and expresses her wish to 6ee Willy before she departs, Willy being of course the young and disconsolate clerk. Even clergymen have been known, unless rumour is an atrocious liar, to be filled about Cup time with an unexpected zeal to see how they manage affairs in the next colony. The trains Victoria-wards are full of live stock, much of it not half so valuable as if it had horns or wore a gold fleece with long staple and free from burrs. The steamers bear large freights of humanity and the sound of wagering is heard on all sides. Tuesday was a noted day in colonial annals, and the Cup-not that quaintly described by Cowper as cheering but not inebriating-is about twenty-thousand leagues ahead of federation, or any other ation, for bringing the residents of the different colonies together. Gambling on the turf iB becoming a perfect mania. From end to end of the colonies the lads are laying or accepting odds. Older specimens of the genus homo do the same thing, and the virus of the turf is poisoning much which it should be our earnest endeavour to cherish and maintain unimpaired. The evil is not so much that now and then some weak indi vidual makes free with his master's cash and is found guilty of embezzlement. It rather lies in the enoouragement of that vicious expectation of making money without work, that proneness to abandon industry and forethought in favour of pure speculation. When any considerable pro portion of a people come to that way of thinking public morality must suffer and the practice of virtual roguery and swindling be enormously strengthened. Parliament, with a sublime incon sistency, drops a heavy hand upon that compara tively harmless game of pitch and toss which many brainless youngsters indulge in, but overlooks the grosser forms of gambling which make the turf their head quarters and involve tens of thousands. Some loose moralists are wont to excuse this by asserting that gambling is inherent in human nature, and that therefore any attempt to suppress it would prove fallacious. If the argument is valid it should be applied ia theft, murder, adultery and all the other crimes of the decalogue and we ought to abolish the enactments aimed against them. " We speak out." So wrote a bucolic " editor " a little time ago, and when the paragraph was shown to three or four well-known metropolitan journalists, and they had a look, over the sheet which contained it, they each and all actually howled again at the joke. " We speak out,"-yes, and then most decent people clap their hands to their ears and leave the scene mstanter. "We speak out,"-and when " we " do it invariably happens that the language used during the opera tion isn't fit for publication. How some poor peripatetic paragraphists do love to use that word " we," using it, as they so often do, much after the " Three-tailors-of-Tooley-street" fashion. Now who, as a matter of fact, cares two straws whether " we speak out" or not; not a score of people in the country do. The idea that, because " We speak out," public opinicn is in any way influenced, is ludicrous in the extreme, and if the class of people who are so fond of using the ex pression only knew what was due to the good sense of the people, they would in future eschew such childish freaks, and do their best to run a newspaper, and not a mutual- admiration, self glorification-sheet . He was a jolly fellow, and one of the best " whips " in the colony ; not THE best, for that distinction is generally conferred upon " Brummy," -I never heard his right name : nor my friends, for that matter, beyond " Joe," who, years ago, | used to drive in the Hawkesbury district. We were " yarning," as usual-no place like the box of a coach for yarns, unless indeed the fo'csle of a sailing vessel-one night down south, not long ago, when the talk turned upon the Irish and their ready wit. " Ah," said Joe, " it'll be a long day before I'll forget one of 'em as took a rise out o' me, proper. He was sitting 'long side o' me j there, same as you might be now, an' as meek ! eyed a cuss as you wouldn't think axle-grease 'd melt in 'is mouth, so you may bet I put it on 'im pretty warm. Well, at last I s'pose he thought he'd 'ad enough, any way he turned tail, an' had I ME- there's no git out about that < We'd come on to the last stage but one, where I gets my weakest team, an' he began about the horses-so slow, an' not up to their work, an' the like o' that jouknow; an" then started blatherin' about his precious donkeys in Ireland, an' wound up with sayin' they'd knock fits out o' my horses. So I up an' says, ' Well, then, why don't you bring' some of 'em out an' put 'em in one of the coaches ?' He gave me a IOOK-I thought something was comin'-' No,' says he, quite simple-like, ' shure an' it's bad enough to have a donkey a-DRiviN !' -' I tell you, Boss, he shut ME up." There are two or three ways of looking at the half-holiday movement, just as there are of con templating that noble animal of what we have heard so much during the last few days, the horse. A vendor looks at all the prime points of his animal-and does not forget to POINT them j out; a purchaser looks for all the blemishes he can find, and. I am sorry to say makes the most of them, under the idea of getting a better bar gain ; the owner of a pair-buggy with only one horse looks for a good " match"; the lover of na tural history simply stands and admires the beau tiful creature. That it is desirable for the em ploye goes without saying:-look at the direct benefit likely to accrue, physically and mentally; with new organizations so healthful to the young, such as rowing, cricket, football, tennis, and rifle clubs, to say nothing of boating, exploring, and and picnic parties, which would soon spring up ; what a brightening of looks and a cheering of spirits there would be. That it is equally de sirable, and even more so, for the employer is self evident ; he is even more fogged and jaded, for the simple reason that his brain is tired as well as his body-he has to bear the worry as well as the work; and, moreover, he would be a distinct gainer in the improved condition of bis employees just referred to, not to mention the wonderful ad vantage of being served with the willing service of those who felt that the " boss" cared for and took some interest in them-there would be less of that abominable "eye-service" then. That it would not involve loss of trade to the storekeeper, or in covenience to the customer is certain, from the very fact that goods required must be bought (and sold) and if not at one time, then at another. The universally experienced result of the conces sion of the half-holiday is that it is satisfactory to all parties. Of course there must be unanimity of action ; it would be very unfair to those who closed for any to remain open. But there is such a thing as a "biter being bitten":-Not very long ago a similar movement to our own was set afoot in a town in England; one shopkeeper, however, de murred, and, although he yielded for the time, soon re-opened his shop again, as heretofore. What was the result ? The public had become accustomed to the change-in fact liked it, even from the selfish motive of being better, and more cheerfully served by the assistants-and had no object in going to this shop on the afternoon in question, so he gained no trade thereby ; and very soon ? a feeling of dislike to him manifested itself, beginning with the families-the " sisters and the cousins and the aunts "-of his employes, and soon spreading throughout the district, so that he found himself losing otherwise-in fact his trade was gone. He saw his mistake, and once more observed the half-holiday; but it was too late, and shortly afterwards he was in the Bankruptcy Court. At the local Council Meeting last week it was decided that an application to be relieved of his responsibility from a contractor who had tendered for and obtained -a -contract for gravelling, should be agreed to, This, it is generally thought, is a most undesirable precedent to establish, and all who look at the matter from an independent and unbiassed standpoint will most certain'y agree with the view thus taken. Tenders are called for a certain municipal work; it is the duty of ail who propose to undertake it to carefully consider the matter, to calculate quantities, &c.;, and to calculate to a nicety on the actual cost, and the profit that can be made out of the work at a cer tain price. They do all this with their eyes open, and send in their tenders. The lowest is accepted -perhaps it is much under that of the next man, perhaps only a trifle separates the pair-but the scccessful man discovers, after his agreement has been accepted, that he cannot do the work with out sustaining a loss. It may be that, the next tender being much higher than his own, he fancies he has made an error in his calculations, and he forthwith pleads to be released of his obli gation. If the Council agrees to this, then it opens a door by which contractors as a body may evade their responsibilities. It has been done once, and what is to prevent its being done again. In order to avert such a proceeding in future, the Council should make it compulsory for successful tenderers to sign a bond immediately on the acceptance of their contract, and a deposit should be demanded and required before the tenders were opened. Once make it compulsory for this course to be pursued, and the ratepayers would be protected. It stands to reason, when fresh tenders are called for a work, to complete which the previous contractor has refused, that they will undoubtedly be much higher than those, which were submitted previously, and the result is that the ratepayers will be compelled to pay the piper. If a speculator puts money into a. m'ining scheme, and finds at the eleventh hour that he will get no return, he has just as valid a claim to have the money invested returned, as the man who contracted to perform a stipulated work 1 and then desires to back out, simply because he finds that it won't pay. It is time that the local Fire Brigade was put upon a firm footing, and just now-when water is about to be laid on in our town, and when the Brigade will be of some use to the people-is the time to make a stir in this matter. For years the Fire Brigade has existed only in name; in case of a conflagration, all was hurry and confusion ; a scratch team had been organised, and they went out without any training to do service for which a special knowledge was urgently required if any good was to be done, The engine, &c.;, has remained unused and uacareU for for some consider able time, and as a result it is becoming rather di lapidated, and on a pinch, when no time could be spared to give even slight attention to it, it would found to be well-nigh useless. If the Brigade were re-organised, vested in the local Council, and brought under the provisions of the Metropolitan Fire Brigades Board, there is little doubt that it. would in a short space of time become an organis2tion as useful as it is necessary. Under this arrangement the Brigade would be maintained by the Council, the Fire Brigades Board, and the Insurance Societies, a third of the expenses of keeping it in order being paid by eatch. The idea is worthy of attention and consideration, and it is to be hoped that the local Council will take some steps towards testing the feeling of the ratepayers on this important matter. A correspondent signing himself X writes to the " Goulburn Post" and has a sneer at " young gents, fresh from college with a few letters tacked to their names." The "few letters" in the British scholastic arena mean a good many things which should arouse emulation and win respect rather than induce a vulgar, bncolic contempt. They mean, in the first place, large natural abilities, the capacity to grasp great questions and under stand some of the hidden meanings of things. They mean industry, application, perseverance, ambition. To win those few cabalistic letters frequently implies years of close study, the mastering of the thoughts and the labours of all the past. Here and there it may be true the ability and the energy are put to evil uses, but in the main this is not true; the mind which can characterise the discussion of scientific theories and the working ont of scientific problems as a waste of time is, to say the very least, peculiarly constituted. Why, the whole world, or as much of it as-has fulfilled its end in life, has spent itself from the beginning in this very work. From Adam downwards the discovery of truth and the victory over error, in a wider sense than theolo gians hold, has been the supremest aim of all good men. The man who widens life's horizon, broadens its conceptions, informs its mind, and gives it new insight is a benefactor to his kind, let his life- work be in what field it may. These scientific theories, so little appreciated by " X," have little by little built lip humanity and civilised it. Fortunately (dt us of this generation some men have studied the stars and some have pondered deeply on the mystery of light and thought. Their work is builded into the temple of truth, and most of it was so builded by " gents, from college with a few letters tacked to their names." It was not the letters which did the work, but tSfe ability and mental stalwartness which these letters faintly adumbrate. The " Post" man naturally protests against the thin sneer against college-training and inferentially against everything that is scientific, in contradis tinction to that Which is moonshiny. I have heard of- a nigger attending hie own funeral, bat it is seldom given to a man to read an obituary notice of himself, unlesB he be some well known character who suddenly gets the run of one' of our big newspaper offices. There* it is said,, that the lives of the great ones of the earth are all readied up against the time they " shuffle off this mortal coil." Mr. Hamand, who lately surveyed the Goulburn-Crookwell line enjoyed this novel experience. He was undergoing examination before the Public Works Committee when the chairman) suddenly asked him whether he knew he had been* drowned in September, 1888. This was something of a poser to the witness^ who said he knew nothing; of the sort, as he was alive- and kicking'. But lo 1 and behold ! Mr. Abbott brandished a volume- of the proceedings of the Institute of Civil Engineers^ which contained a full, true, and particular account), of the drowning of a gentleman of the same- name and antecedents as the person thus taksn by surprise. The notice was quite a nice one, highly complimentary in fact; but it would have been very awkward if Mr. Hamand had not been able to prove his identity. If he were a weak-minded man, he ought to die right away, so as not to spoil, the lovely panegyric composed upon him in case he should get transported or hanged. 4s he is not, and as he evidently thinks he can teach our railway engineers how to find easier gradient* than they have been in the habit of doing, be is more likely to be popped off by some irate " bigwig" whose; nose he may have put out of joint by his unwel come revelations* in-fact, his conduct is entirely irregular-it is out of keeping- with official decoratm. He was said to be dead, and now he-says he is not* The Institute of Engineers ought to take the stand1 the Editor of the Mohawk " Coppernose" did.. An injured father complained to that eminent journalist that his son was wrongfully described* to Jjave given up the , ghost, and cfemtmded an instant retractation of that announcement. " Sir,"' said theinkstinger with dignity,. "The " Copper nose" says yottr son is dead. The " Coppernose'" is a journal that never Hesr therefore you- must be mistaken, and your son must be dead."' It is not often that residents of Windsor are* hanged in effigy-though it is a fact that burning; obnoxious townsmen in this way was a commo^ occurrence here in years gone by. Some con siderable time ago, a certain individual who. has always done his best to rain the prospects of the town in which he earns-or obtains-his: bread and butter, was burned m effigy on the Bellpost, and a mighty fine blaze he made, to be sure. He was corpulent, and the labour which those who undertook the task entered into, to* successfully carry out their plans, was; under the circumstances, one of love. They burned him right before his very nose, so to speak, but though they got rid of the effigy without much difficulty*, they never managed to get shut of the original him self. Had they applied a coat of tar-and-feathers, and given him 42 hours to clear out, as'they do in an American back-woods town, instead of build ing a fac-simile of straw and canvas, and wasting a good suit of clothes, a pair of shoes, and a hat,, they might have secured the desired end, and by their action have done a service to the locality. The Northern newspaper man who wrote the lucid article on " Local Option," from which the subjoined is taken, must have been in a quite well-thank-you state when he essayed the task. He is evidently one of those persons, who, whilst very good preachers, don't profess to be practical believers in their own remedies, and when the paper containing the screed below was issued, it is understood that the authorities immediately took it in charge for drunkenness, and sub sequently charged it with disorderly con duct and with tearing a policeman's uniform : " We presume the gentlemen who go in for such ultra measures as Local Option, which, would be in their estimate of its entirety ensttre perfect alcoholio' (sic) I absence to the vulvar public in their vicinity, would hardly like a measure of the description carried with regard to the buildings erected on their land, how far from the road £1],. and when the lights of the establishment should be put ont [I I] ; or, AS some who possesses: wholesale spirit licenses should be restricted as to the size and nature of the building in which they carry on their trade, and in this, the latter case, would be fust as applicable as the former." I reckon that the above would puzzle1 a Phila delphia lawyer, for what on earth it all msant is difficult to guess. Perhaps the writer knew exactly what he meant, but somehow or other one is inclined to believe, if such were the case, that be stands in the unique position of being the only one who does. In the " Evening News " of Monday last ap peared a hashed-np paragraph to the effect that an enquiry was being held into the ease of the man who was recently committed for trial here on a charge of prison-breaking. The statement that such an enquiry is being held is untrue, and, more than that, it is unlikely that such an enquiry will be held. You see, one of the persons most interested las " friends at Court, and it would not do, therefore, to create any unpleasantness. But isn't it strange how items get hashed-up in the Sydney papers. Some unexperienced bumpkin sends along a heap of manuscript which all comes out in a mix. For instance, in the paragraph referred to, the prisoner Murley was spoken of as a Balaclava man, wheh we all knew that it was Mr. Ex-Gaoler Berckel man, and not Murley, who distinguished himself duri&g; the Crimea. 