/ TALE. • r Where are the Tickets Li;, By Aibxawdkb Leslie, in Temple Ear. 4 Will,' mid my wife one evening, as I sat smoking by the Are after sapper, do von know there is to be * side atMr. Gould's on the 25th ? I should like to go, though of course ■ we can't bny anything.' «I am afraid not,';, I replied, gloomily enough, thinking of certain pictures and enSavings, fine mwoulative purchases, if only ey escaped the attention of .dealers. At. , , this time! was always puzzling mybrains for a chanoeof making a little oad money, Mia with good cause. It's a bad ease to be in, ' ' full oppoitiinities for proving ono's self a fool Of jntn a, Imave—-results thftt PCflu not happen when daily bread comes regularly without scheming. It is bad also to lose faith in one's self, as I was beginning to do. My father, who was ■ half a Frenohmsn, used to say: ' Que j<" n'avai* pat de chance'; and'perhaps he was right, after alL But how was it P Suielyl was neitheir stupid nor "lazy ; the severest criticism I could apply did not convince me of . inferiority to my successful friends.• Had I not far surpassed all my schoolfellows—those \- especially whom I sometimes met in town, stockbrokers, lawyers, merchants, who put on flesh, wore ponderous gold watches,- with " • elaborate chains, and from"the height of their bland prosperity smilingly asked how I.waa . getting on. What an odious question that is to one who stands or Blips at the:lower end of the incline, having attained nothing but an age at which failure and poverty aro disgraceiul! <1 cannot help thinking,' continued my wife, 'that it wasvenrstrange he did not leave you anything, if only a few hundred pounds. ' It would . have been a ^reat thing for us, and would have madt> so little difference to other people/ 'There have been stranger^ things than that,' I said, and went on smoking in silonco; for it was not well to encourage thoughts of this kind. And yet it Boemea impossible to . repress: them, now1 they were well roused. Every day and every where I saw what Solo' mon also had seen under the sun. •: Ay, ' but \- time and chance happeneth to all.' Were mino yet to come, or had they been filohed fromme long ago: with the best intentions ? H >w different my life would have been if this . very Mr. Gould, lately deceased, had prevailed upon my. parents to part with me! .» Having failed so far in one profession, I imagined that I should have succeeded in any other, and, as I gazed into the fire, there > V' , passed before me ambitious visions of inoress•••"••.. . . . ing splendour—ranging from having handles y/vr- ' . on,aU °ur jugs to one before my own name. £1 ' T- '"The fact. is. I was getting' deadly tired of ~ the struggle, and was possessed with etrangb j longing* to live delieately for a time,befo|ro sense of enjoyment should; hm In**1"' 'J'" i. -Few nien appeu^toiM^S^mvlable than J - W ; CUT^wjhgu^KtumiaK from India, gave wnUiiie" of two hundred shirts,. ^^^^^^R^^^baafeaaa|itbaat$ttiat;ooid&.-;bei']iadifor< But there oomea a period in life when wS;'"!.',; the "want of those'luxuries that represent a value in the world is almost as bad as :, "•>' the want of food and raiment. To a very r '' young, single man, art may sufBoe in itself; ^' but the husband and father iftust needs think ? Y' 'by 'day, and dream at night of getting and saving,-steady returns and a settled future. \- Perhaps I had no. real faculty, only artistic tasto ; or else the faculty had not developed for lack of early training.. At this point I felt a hand on my shoulder, ■ such a beautiful hand it was ! I was never tired of holding it and playing with it: , smooth and soft, and cool and firm, it seemed to me the very type of refined strength, bodily and mortal, of the true woman, without effeminacy. 'Come, dear; the firo is nearly out, and you aro half asleep ; let us go up.' Oathe way we looked in as usual atthosethree little golden heads on cne long pillow, placed . .v lengthwise instead of across tho bed , and I ■;r. ■■?<: ■ ■■ was fain to admit that, taking all things into consideration, I was not without compensation. ' Do you think, Will, that you wovld have . let one of them go ?' she said. 'I can't say; it would depend. And then \- there are only three.' The sale at Westfteld was held on a day . when I had no drawing leBsons to give ; so .. wo wore ablo to go. The house and gardens presented the dismal aspect usual on suoli oc■ i , oa.iions, intensified by the havoc that was boJug wrought all around. The lake had disappeared, filled up with rubbish : lawns and snrubberios and the beautiful wilderness wore trampled and wreoked. But there was tho cedar under which my father and I sat one hot Sunday afternoon, waiting to be summoned for dessert. And when we came from the glare into the cool, shady room, how sumptuous'it all looked—tho long; dark, shining table, covered with plate and gins", the deep-coloured wine, the splendid fruits, the beautifully-dressed ladies ! What a rich odour-.filled the air—all manner of delicate .perfumes from peaoh and pine-apple, bees. \- wing and Burgundy laces and frills, mingled .with . the faint soents of polished wood and ' .tiger-skin rugs that pervaded tho whole -house! How soft tho voices appeared, how .refined the intonations, as of people that havo . plenty of timo to chooso tneir words and : .: speak; nicely. Mr. Gould's voico, especially, ?ave me the notion of groat wealth, Lazarus, thought,'Would, not have hud a voice liko that; and when' I heard tho parable of Dives' ; - in church, that scene always came before mo; . I smellrd the rich odours and heard tho golden tones. r ' This Mr. Gould was an old friond and steadfast patron of my father, tho head of u •v ' v pnwperous. brewing undbnukinjr conoern, in whioh he had made a fortune. Even ut that time he seemed an old man, with ruddy complexion and white hair, quite erect, but rather ttilf and slow in big movements. Being very fond of children, as the childless very often are, he would frequenty send a , _ roomy carriage for us, tmit us with calces mid "■ ; fruits, and let us roam' about tho grounds.' 1 Bat I was his favourite,- and bo, in aooordance with his^wish, my father; sometimes took mo / >• toWestflold with him on Sundays after dinner, arriving about the timo of dessert. Tho" \- place was then: quite country, though-barely three miles from where we lived in the north put ofHempstead At the time of the sale, ( However, the Briareus of briufc and mortar had atretohed a'long ana toward it, grasping the the ninety acres of land, which were sold for building at an average of half a thousand' an acre. « And all this would have been ■« mine, wit'i <?* V'*** *° much- more beside, if their childless 1 'owner had heensaffteed to carry me off with him: o*e day wheothe yellow chariot drove up It wag not unUl twenty yean late that I learned the motivo. of this visit, and perhaps it would havo been beat if my .mother had never told me. Aftermany hintsaod vague hall-jocular proposals, Mr. Gould had actually nome prepared to take mo awar with him there and then, for good and all, ana make mehia heir. 1 •• .'And we should never have'met,' my wife suggested. When I first' told her tho story. This was not easy to answer; for I was now like one who, stumbling on beneath a crushing burden, takes no .'delight in tho flowers by the wayside, nor heeds tho song at birds and the (rlimnses' of ohoerful aimlight. I forgot what I said; but it provoked a retort from her lips, though not in words; and she sat for a long.. time afterward with one aim round my neck, while I fondled the other hand, as my habit was.. Perhaps it would also have been better if I had novcr told tho story to hor. . But it slipped out one evening after I had accidentally met the old gentleman, very old j now, whom I had not seen since my childhood. Finding that I lived at Hanipstead, not far from the home of those days, he had invited mo into his carriage and taken mo to the house. I was like a dream to sen the piotures on tho walls and and the skeletonclook with its solemn tick, and the tiger-skin rugs, just as they all were twenty- five years before. And it. was like stepping back a generation or two to hear him say ' Toosday ' oonsoom,' ' nevvy,' and so forth, survivals that are now extinot altogether. Formerly, it had seemed to us quite natural, and even dignified in him.' . ' It soon appeared that heremetnbored the. family rather.than the individual, referring to an old uncle, and oven my father, as •your brother George,' and 'your brother Iranlc.' But toy wife's hopes ■were encouraged by his occasional hospitality and friendliness ; it would all come book to him by and by. I pooh-poohed to no purpose; aca one evening, whcnl had dined with hira and he had suddenly recollected over aglassof port, seventeen years in bottle, how my father used to bring me to Westfleld on Sunday afternoons, I could see that he was greatlyexcited by this'remarkable events Much good came of it! A week later he was dead— my kind old friend that would be—and his wealth had .gono to tho 'ncvvies,' as he called them. Their idea was to realize all they could: and so it came to pass that I was whelmed, a mero insignificant stranger and unit, in the crowd that flocked to tho sale.' We had a good look at tho yellow chariot in tho coach-house, and saw in a oorncr of tho yard tho old sun-dial, all,in fragments, that used to Btand with its motto ' Xtilla vestigia relromtm,' on tho lawn sloping down from thp back of the house to the lake. Then wo went round to tho front entranoe, and mingled in the motley throng that,was wandering up and doWri, in and 'out, through the open doorways peering, poking and pushing everywhere, and finally concentrating in the dining-hall, where the auctioneer's hammer was already heard. To me, whoso childish fancy had here taken its first and most abiding impression of beauty and grandeur, it was painful to see tho objects that I remembered so well and regarded with a kind of reverence hauled and bandied about and disputed for by the unpleasant people that usually form the majority at sales. Some of the best things went for very little, which made my wife quite indignant, as if they had belonged to us. But when the most important pictures wereputup,'Leader and the Swans,' by Peroogyno, ' The Marriage of Caner,' attributed to Vonesshiaayno; A lino replerker of Grooze's ' Crosshcassy,' I quiokly perceived there was no ohance for ; me.: Those gentry who, without knowledge or taste have a marvellous instineifor whatever is worth moaey, :and> lasti ^jg|g;r>*Y^seoond,<, undoubtedly . »purjg$i»>^as Knocked down to an enthusiai£iu*aiuuteur. It seemed as if the: moment L ■began, to bid, the competition became brisker and I secured only a pair'of fine ;old prints ata prioeleaving smallmargin for profit,-if any. , ■ By-and-by, A writing-table in rose-wood with drawers, brass nandles and key- hole plates, by Sheration, a very handsome piece,. was announoed; For this my wife had taken a great fanoy while. walUng through tha rooms, and I meant to get it for her, if possible.. Two wretohed creatures, one tallowfaced and pock-marked, - the other with a frightful squint, bid against me with inoisive' promptness, and forced me togivemuoh more than I had intended; V From time to time during tLe contest I felt - severe pinches ' on my arm, with ' Will, dear, do stop ; give it up; it's no use,' and so on. ■ Poor darling ! she was not aware that I had surroptitously put in my pocket the few sovereigns laid by for rent. • When the table was at length knocked down to me the two worthies who had seemed soeager to possess it concealed their disappointment remarkably well; indeod theydisplayed muoh pleasant humour, indulging in a kind of war-danco and poidng each other , playfully in the ribs, with sly fiances at me. ' You see, sir,' observed a ecent elderly broker, who had vainly proffered me his services at the commencement, ' you had given me half a orown, you would have saved a sovereign or two. We don't go against each other, generally.' The scolding I got for my extravagance began gravely, and ended very tenderly; for. the table would oertainly be a great comfort and convenience to my wife, who had taken to writing short stories for magazines to help keep the pot boiling. Somehow, my. pictures would not sell now. I had to depend more and more on giving lessons, and it seemed asi though all my high hopes were to end, at best, in the career of a drawing maBtcr. No doubt my work had lost freshness and character, since I had given iip tramping abotit the country as I did when my pictures took. Now they, stared at me for months together from shop-windows until I was quite siok of them, and I would often make a detour to avoid the unpleasantly suggestive sight. It was,a very different world then I had first broken my ohain, given up1 the wretched clerkship to whioh my father's narrow coun• Eels had condemned me, and seriously taken to painting. Of course every one was horrified ; but I oared little for that. Had I not exhibited andsoldand roceivod efcconragomont from thoso who kuo» ?, Ail oh! tho delight of liberty ! I sketched for eight hours a day on breezy down and purplo licatli, in tho dopth of the woods and on tho river's bank, aud lay down at night full of hope and courage and proud plans for the future. I saw colours and subjeots with my closed and wearied eyas-, and felt that I could paint anything. - : My earliest success, wjw' 'The Miller's Daughtor.' I hud seen her first/ a tall tomboy of sixteen, jumping hedges anddichca with a pole/: The daring ; girl' actually had the audacity to try the strearii, and went .plump into it with a shout of laughter. I helped her out; and came to talk with 'her father, and' to be a frequent visitor at, the' mill. He almost cried with delight'over my -sketches of it,- finding the : chimneys and .windows all right with regard- to numbers anil position and gave me an order for- a | picture. In this I introduced'Jo—short for I Joanna; it was woll hung in .tho exhibition to whioh I sent it, and mule mo something of a name. ' _ < : . After that I was an honoured guest at the mill, and I soon found that Jo, though wild as,a oolt, had a large, and beautiful nature, with' no:: small share of taste < and - intellect. Not; much- education,, after the manner-of: boarding-schools,; but a,mind full of history' poetry and-romance—all of the best; Her umal etudy was the branch of a tree leaning over tlemlll-Btream,wiW» afehing-rod laying on - the - bank. .How proud die was of: her strength! At first she would leap and run and wrestle with me; but that was soop girt a, up. ' For it began to ke perceived, even by herself, perhaps, that the charming hoyden bad rounded and ripened -into a gniorfni and lovely woman. ' Happy's tho wooing that's not longa-doing!' If I 'was but a landsoapo paidter and ia village maiden she,' at least our wordly insignificance left us free to mate as the buds of Leaven. ' My Winderjahr ended with oar marriage. I oonld not well roam about as before, and for many reasons it was better to Ifve in Lun«don.I began to jntroduoe figures more and moreinto my landscapes and make them the chief motive, ~ instead ' of subordinate as hitherto. Perhaps it was because mv studios in this line bad been Insufficient, perhaps be-' cause people tired of seringalways one models that I gradually lost the position I had gained and found myself compelled at length to accept the appointment of drawing master in a school kept oy, two old ladies who had known me as a boy. This was a dreadful fall ; bat what could I do with those three little golden heads' and growing bodies at home P ~^t mado mo glad;. they were' so like their mother, uad 1 wanted tboro to grow up tall and strong, as she was. A wrestler against whom nono may prevail has grappled onesinoe then; and only two of tho gclden heads are loft. - i Soon after the sale that sohool, our irainatay, was given up and things went even . worse with us. Jo.scribbled.away faster than ever when we two were alone in the evening; and gazing at her while she sat at the writingtable with the clanking brass handles, ! used to wonder how she could keep her back. so straight,, with all there was to bend it. . So it went on till two years after Mr. Gould 8. death, when ono morning a letter came with great joy, for it announced my appointment a8 ourator of an art institute and pioture gallery in Australia. • For a long time .our thoughts, had been turned to the other side of the globe.The idea of gotting clear away from old associations, not pleasing now hut painful, and starting afresh, as with a new life, on a new arena, had astrong charm for us .both, . Here, assuredly, was an end to ambition; but it was something to get a deoent competence and a respectable sooial standing in exchange. Let us bo satisfied, pack up, and be off under the new stars ! So we also had bur sale, but Jo would not part with the '. rioh man'B table,' as wo called it, and she stowed away in the drawers all documents and letters thathad to be preserved. Excepting a few cherished volumes, everything -else had to go, in order to settlo bills and pay for oiitfit and passage. ' At length, when wo fondly bolieved that everything conceivable was well and truly settled, it was found that a wretched butoher s bill had been overlooked. What was to bo .done P My first impulse of exasperation was to throw it on the fire; for all we had left would not pay it by some shillings. In any case we might sond the amount from' Australia. But my wife would not hoar of it. ' We must have anamobohindus; poor but honest,' she said witha suspicions laugh, evidently forced. There was nothing for it but to sell the rich man's table. It was not yet packed; while I fetohedMr. Isaacs, who had formerly bought sketches from mo, and lately some of our furniture; from whom after much hag. gling, I could got only four pounds for the table which had cost mo six at the sale. . Our paokages were ready for tha van that would convey them to the docks, and we had before us throe days of peace and quiet.. A strange feeling, a kind ol awo, camo upon us —a strange affeotion or at least forbearance for persons and places that we had heartily disliked. All necessary farewells were said, and on-the second,day I strolled out .with the intention of mailing certain pilgrimages, There was the National Galleiy and the Museum ; I might never see them again and .it would be well for me to refresh my knowledge oMtin paintings iwd-soulptunetbat.people, over there would'want to hear about. No use to think of paying exhibitions; for it was; a question of shillings with us now. Entering the parlour on my return, I: was at onoer taSen aback bv the sight of our trunks ' laying about open and half-emptied, while Jo was kneeling bbfore one of them with sleeves up to the shoulder, tossing out the contents and plunging her white arms into the lowest recesses. It was disheartening to find confusion and exoitoment prevailing once more —a dismal return, of chaos. What on earth was the matter ? -Why so reoklessly demolish those marvels of ingenious -packing when the van might arrive at any moment ? ' The passage tickets ! I cannot find them,' she'said,, flushed, panting and almost crying. The strain of the first few days had been too great for her, and I also felt unable to bear much more of it; Controlling myself as well as might be, I asked were she had put them whvti I handed them to her. < In the top left-hand drawer of the. rioh man's table,' sho replied. • I oould swear to it. But I could not find them after turning out the drawers.' • - . • . , . - . ' You are cpnvinoedi? I said, 'that in the first'place you put those, tickets in the top left-hand drawer or the table, Now, John Anderson' (I am not afraid of this joke, for it used : to please her) 'you are an old and hardened offender. I am sorry to see you here again; but you ; will be dealt with more leniently if, you faithfully answer my ques * turns.' ... Whereupon the oulpril, who was on my kneeby this time, behaved in veiy disrespectfulmaner. ' Come, young woman,' I said, having disengaged myself, 'you must not take up the time of the Court like this'; and the discordance between this form of address and the other produced a laugh such as I had not heard for years. And when I declared in terrible magisterial tones, that if I heard that again the court should bo cleared, she oalled me a foolish old thing, and theBky wasclear in a moment. Ah, those times!.; When I look over the drawers of that writing-table, only used now for storing sacred relics, I am fain to echo theory: < , Give me back, give me back tho wild freshness of the Morning. Her clouds and her tears are worth Evening's best light. Having ascertained that tho envelope containing" the tickots had .been laid at the top of a drawer which was filled up, I surmised that they might have sliped through at the back into tho hollow of the table. With this notion I fle w to Isaac's - dingy but respeotable shop,* which was pot far. off. It occurred to me on the way. that itmightbo well to dissemble ; ~ and I suggested, therefore, that a friend of mine had expressed a desire for the table if he could havo it at a fair price. ~ \- 1 What would the gentleman like to givo now 5* suidMr. Isaacs. ' Its a very good piece; very 'audsome, -worth. ton . guineas ef any one's money. I refused eight pound ten for it :tliis very morning as ever shone ; didn't I now, Rebecca ?' The girl stopped in her dun tin#, looked up with great blaok- eyes 'from under a shook of wiry hair, and > stared at him for a few moments. Even she was amazed. " • ' Didn't I now, RebeccaV he repeated ina. wheedling tone, spreading out liis hands and leeriupf, with his head on ono side likoa jackdaw. v- <;I don't know,' sherpplied, 'wasn't it sold already? ' Sold!' he said sharply. ■ 'Who to f ..' The old gentleman—him that wanted the yellow-bust. He took it away on a fly.' ■ ' Dear, dear! To think that I should have forgotten. So it wsj ; so it was.', Then he ehnckled, wiped, his_ watery*eyes with , a grimy silk handkerchief, ana, resuming his blandest manner, assured me that otherwise lie would oertainly have lost over it; for he oould not have refused seven pound ten from a particular friend of mine. It is hard to ba angry with your downright -7 ' rogue; ha ia nek Manuring creature. But my patieooe was well-nigh exhausted. Howww, it «m needfaltokeep up tbe (wmblanoe of Rood humour, for i mutt find out whore the table had owe. 0» ooarne he did uot kno w; but here the girl was again helpful, having overheard the aiddms given to the cabman. Then Mr, laaaoa proffered his services; but„ finding I wan bent on going myself, he turned around atom and >said that would be best. I don'tthbtfc-4lMi gentleman's likely to part with the table,' he said, ' when he'a only jut bought. it. But-you'll talk him over, air, if any one can. Ah 1 you'd havo done well In myline—just the right way with you, andeunnin,' too.' The address given me wa« only about a mile off. As l knocked at the door of the house, which was dotached and evidently well inhabited, I suddenly thoughtwhat an awkward businets it was ; for I cUdn?tkno*r the name. But. here fortuno favoured me for once. - .While I-was slowly taking; out my card and thinking what excuse to .make, an old gentleman i'carae into the hall, . and, servant handed the card to him; he glanoed at it, looked up and said;' Exousp me, -Mr,; MaTley ;bnt navel, the honour of, speaking to the. ,wwlrknown artist P' -I repUed that I' oertainly was a; water-oolour, painter, .wponwhich' he courteously invited me.to enter, and took me into a room where several of my earlier drawings' hung on thewalla.. He seemed quite proud and pleased, as if it -woa • the mMt natural thing-in the world that I shouldcallupon him, proffered refreshments and never thought of asking ttw- motive of my visit. But there was no time to lose JI looked round; and there, sure enough w0®> therich man's table in a recess. Havinf? ex* plained, I had at onoe the opportunity o' ox* amining it. As I had expeoted there was a narrow gap 'at tho back of the drawers, through wliioii anything flat laying at the top miriit easily dip into the body of the table. But the draws .would not come, out, and there was no room for inserting ' the hand. I was in blank despair. To have the top off seemed tho only way; but how could I propose this P. To my great relief.it was suggested that a. cabinet-maker should bo sent for, and I insisted on going myself, to save time. It was nearly an hour before I returned with man. and tools ; and there, were tho drawers all out. The artificer evidently thought it very simple not to have discovered atonco that they .were held in by a movablo peg at the side. But thero was nothing bohindthem. This was a shook; for I had felt sure of finding the tickets. Dazed and confused, I mechanically took the wine and bisouits that were now pressed r upon me ; and indoed I wanted them by this time. The matter was too serious to admit vexation over suoh a small affair as the somewhat foolish figure I mado; so I briefly apologised to the old gentleman for the trouble given, promised to let him know on the next day whether the tickets were found, and hurried off. Soon, however, I slackened my speed; what need was there now for haste ? I tried to face the situation on the worst side, and resolve definitely: what to do. It was hardly psssible the tickets could really be lost; but, if they were not found in time we were in the same plight—a , very disagreeable one, tb say the least. I had already- been compelled to borrow money .towards purchasing them ; where could I look a second time for such help? Perhaps if I let them know at onoe, tne owners of tho steamship would be able to fill our berths and givo ua ptssago in another vessel; but I feared the time was .too Bhort for that. Inany caso I should have to telegraph to Australia, and also by some means augment our funds. Look whioh way I would, there was annoyance, humiliation and fresh outlay. It was not enoouraging at tho outset of anew'carieer; and for one moment, I-.trust no^mftHvI-feli-iagryvwith my . wife, who had .brought all this upon mo. But, after all, it was my own fault; I ought to have kept the tiokets myself. -In these last bewildered hours my faculties ', had been so completely absorbed by one objeoi that everything else passed by, as the soenery does when one is absorbed by a book in the train. Butvagafe recollections of things half seen out of the dorner of the eye—a sheet of wat ir, a oastle; an old mill—will oomo back to tho intent reader, and* in the same way I recalled the strange demeanor of Isaacs when. I left his shop!' Was it my over-excited fanoy, or . had the ;girl Rebeooa hoverod : about the1 entrance and came forward as if to speak to me, while her father balkod her by stepping between, chattering after the manner of his, and escorting m(v with superfluous politeness well into the street P But if ho had found the tickets, what could he gain by sending me on such a wild goose chase and fool's errand. However,. I went round by hia shop and found him standing at the entrance. : . ' Well, Mr. Marley,' he said, in respectfully sympathetic, tones, ' I'm afraid you're had no luck; As I see you comin' along, I says to myself 'Mr. Marley has had no luok,' I says.' • No, Mr. Isaacs, I have not; and I am seriously put about.' I had resolved on my . odurse, and so continued: '.The faot is that some papers wore left in that table which are useless to any one but myself—our passage tiokets. . They are not there now, ana I am ai void I shall nave to put a deteotive to work.' ' Dear. dear ! Why not tell me of it beforcP See what oomes out of not bein' open and friendly. I remember now, there were some old letters at the back of one of the drawers. Butlor* ! w» never take notice of such things. Perhaps the tickets 'was in one of the envelopes.' . ' I never felt so much,inclined to .-strike a savage blow as at that moment. 'Why had he not told me of this P' I furiously demanded in far more emphatio words. ' Well,' said he, in a deprecating and mollifying manner, 'why not ask me now P You spoke of buying back the table, and I didn't think of them. Tables is tables and papers is papers.. . When gentlemen speakaofono thing, I wouldn't presoom to suppose they mean another.' . , 'Never mind,? I said; 'let me have at onee what you found/ He began to shuffle and poke about, muttering that • he was not sure where.he had put them ; that he had bought:the table as it stood and supposed he had a right to what was in it; 'that ho was a poor man and could not afford to despiso money; and so forth. At last he appeared to give up the search, wiped his ' face with the grimy silk handkerchief, and said, ;regret '' I shall get a rare scoldin' from Rebekkor I know ; she Baid the papers might bo worth something.' After a nunate he went on, as if to himself : 'I hope l shan't got into •trouble over it. 'Bat lor' !' all the doteoti voa in the world couldn't find the papers, if I. can't.' 1 i It,was clew that the. old' rascal was too many for. mo, and < that <my cocks would not . fight. - I: saw there was. only one way, and ■ suggested thatl should feel bound to pay for his loss of time °in hunting, up the papers. He could have, a sovereign for them if found to-night rafter that they would be no use to' any one. ■'That was more like business,' ho said ; but he would .have to.put some very impor--1 tant matters aside. AsitwuH, hehad missed, an appointment. If .the papers , wore worth: anything, they must be .worth mora than £ 1. -IMhad'offered <£2, perhaps; he-would not,: grudge the time and troublo., ■i.v Finally we agreed upon the mean sum, and * Isaacs began to :shuffle about .'again:' - J saw that he was ■ getting warm, warmer,- ■- hot,; burning, as -the ohildren • sajr.: Suddenly he stood glaring'into a drawer, to which,' of course, he hadbecnworkingxonnd."' At that, moment Rebeoca came in from the street, and he turned upon her like a fury. ' tVhero's thownpapersf' he cried, in, a hoane voioe. ' < How should I know ?' die said. ' Where did you put them ?! . ■ ' lathis drawerand . then, reoolleoting himself,;' IoouldntmmMnberat first, but now I'm certain of it; They was here thin morn in', an' now it's empty/ ' Oh,' she said, thsre was a lot of rubbish in there, and I suppose I burnt it all together.'. It was maddening. - But here Was an; cad of anxious doubt, at all events. That was a kind' ofrelief, and the frustration of Isaaos unholy greed was no; small'sola'oo. : Now tho strain was over I oould almost laugh at his prepo»te(ous rage and the grotesque efforts with whioh ho taw bound to sraoubcr it after his Ilea and shamming. ' Naturally,' I remarked, ' you did not look to see what tho envelope ooataincd, or you would have been sura to let mo know nt onoo. But in tho name of all patriarchs, why did Miss Rebecca burn it, whensho had said that the contents might bo valunblo P* Hero he putin promptly: ' You did say, Kobeoca, • that I bnould got a soolditi' from the gentleman, if they wore lost; didn(t you, now!" ,Tho young woman glanced at her father with that rather savage look I had observed before. Then she said sharply enough: 'Perhaps the. gentleman might find the tickets , at home, after all. It's only a guess they w<?re: in the table. Very lisely thoy were mislaid somewhere elso; and all this fuss, about nothing.' ' ' «Well, well,' said Mr. Isaacs. 41 won't gay but what he. might. And if you don't have no luok, sir,' turning to 'mo, quito culm and bland again, 41 won't Bay but what wo might find them yet.' So long as there was tho ghost of a uhanao of two pounds without labour ho was not the man to give it up. Wearied outand completely disgusted, I turned back to.our lodgings. And whereas, when entering'them cheerfully I had boon suddenly, confronted by trouble, it now happened that returning thither' ia despair I found myself literally faoo to faco with gladness ; for Jo came flying to meet mo, waving a yellow envelope! ! .' About an hour after I had loft her she had been surprised by the. announcement that Miss Isaaes wanted toico her, and still mora surprised when sho rocoivoJ from that young woman the envelope containing tho passago-tiokots, with two or thrco old letters that had slipped through in, tho . samo way. Tho poor girl, though agitated, was cliarao.teristically discreet.'' She said they wore found only that morning, just before the table was sold, and had boen put by at tho moment without examination. When I called, her father had smelt a rat; but .-ho was angry at what he oallod my 4 ounnin,' thinking it highly presumptuous, no doubt, in an amateur like mo to try to get tho better of him, as ho put' it. He know porfootly. well what I was after, and had no fear.' that I Bhould buy tho tablo baok ; moreover, he wanted an opportunity for seeing what tho papers were. Having ascertained—for tho envelope was not fastened—he'riaturally resolved on making profit by tlio find. But sheknnw how greqt our distress would ba and thought of the poor lady and tho dear little ohildren she had seen with .me.' Might sho kiss them P This request was not vory kindly received by tho objects of it; for Miss Rebecca was not over-clean or tidy, and thoso great black cyesunder tlio frizzy mop of hair wore frightening. Butit could not bo refused, and so Jo eneouraged them by kissing Rebecca herself in' the fullness of her heart. Whereupon the poor girl had cried and implored tho dear lady to keep her secret. We should be off in a few days, and then it would not matter. In the meanwhile she would have to stand'out that phe burned the envelopes with a lot of rubbish. Her father was a good man, but in anxiety to mako monfiy for his own, he sometimes forgot thedifficulties of other people. And ho she went on her way, kissed and comforted onco more.. Rebecca will never.forgot to her: dying day: that oatholio embrace, whioli took in all her tawdry, unkempt frowsinoss. " After supper wo overhauled: tho other discoveries. Thoro wera two; letters, twenty years old, records of a sadfamUy story, very dusty and yellow, in mean-looking,: -old-: fashioned envelopes, with ourved . nap and embossed flower. There, was . also, whioh was more.remarkable,:a<'large modern en-. velope, with bulky inolosure,. fastcnod and addressed in a- shaky hand to Mr.- George Coope of the well-known firm , of - solicitors, Coope & Grabham. This might be of consequonoe, so I resolved to deliver it mysolf next morning. I requested to see Mr. Coope on important business, and being admitted explained to him the. remarkable circumstances under which the letter, had- coins ; into my hands. While I was talking he opened the cover and glanced at tho contents, giving me a keen look from timo to time. Then he became quite cordial, asking me several questions about Mr. Gould aua my acquaintance with him, until at length I told the story of the visit in tho yellow chariot.' • ' 4 It is to that visit, I suppose, he . ulludes in this letter; Take a glass of wine, Mr. Marley—and perhaps you had batter read it yourself.' The letter was datedithroo days after tho lost occasion when I had dined with tho old gentleman, himself, and only two days bofore he died. It ran thus: Deah Mb. Coope : I will trouble you to substitute the will mjloaod herewith for that' which- you hold, and it may be as well I should explain to you my reasons for. tho change. Many yoars ago I greatly desired to adopt as my hei? a little boy,for whom I had a strong affection, the. son of a worthy friend Mr. Marley, the engraver, but could not obtain the consent of the parents.- 'Having lost sight of the family for a long timo,I lately met my intended successor, and found, by inquiry and personal observation, that ho is ti clever industrious and highly respectable jroung man though', poor. It would not be right completely to alter tho disposition of my property; ^ out I desire to givo him some compensation, in aocordanee with the terms of .the will, duted July 16, 18—, which I now Bend you. v Ihave the honour to romiin, dear sir, your obliged,1 obedient servant, , Richard Gould. I flutter myself that I rose considerably'in Mr. Cioopo's esteem by the , proterautural "calmness with which I inquired nftor tho provisions' on; -the new will. 'Of course, ho knew it .was only assumed; But I was suro ho honoured, the assumption, for he shook my hand kindly, expressed his groat satisfaction that -?bU had come right, andhispcrfoot confidence that I should-make a good use of my good fortune. ■ I was ■ to have one quarter of the net proceeds from the sale of Westfield— a moderate computation, £20,000. : y Hardly necessary to state that our biles were brought "book fiom the dook, whither they had been taken during my absence, and that I gave no more drawing lesions, at least after a few months;' For there was delay and some difficulty, and wo had to Hvj in the meanwhile. Tho cliiof point was to find the witnesses; .' Mr. Gould's butler ' and a private irioud; this done there - was liitlo trouble, for tho • estate was not all sold as yot. And bofore Ohistmas Iwoa able to realize the dredmn of years by walking downHegeut street with Jo and - buying; whatover she < fttnoiod;v Among oar first purchases. was a gold watch' with chain of a-florid'pattern; which'are I proudly worn by Hiss Isaacs to this day. Two brown tomboys, „as tall as myself nearly, keep houso formono win bur oottage on the Upper Thamos. vWe have a boat and, \- pant, and naif the year almost live out of doora > running''up to town for a month or.'two in winter. -X do a bit of sketching. when the humour is on me, but don't trouble myself much about it; and altogether life glicU* en, » k " \ ' f £* t J even more'nioothly than the itmni tbt itmm io dear to the miller's which wo hnew.five veara of perfect happineM before die pataea thatotheniTer.. ■ ; I ought to mention that my piotnrea.on uo wall*,: all well hung,.attract lees attention sJinohow. .tliaa -certain1 yellow •eorape of printed paper, ugly things enough, bnt quaintly framed and glused. When I tell the inquiring that but for .them I should have been 1 in Australia, if anywhere, they are puxilcd by tlio seeming paradox, and reason must be given. Having beoome rery tired, of repeating . the tale, I, set it down here onoo for all. Friends will kindly aooept this explanation and Australian'papora ploaae copy. 