THE BURIED BUNGALOW. 'What can this mean?' askep I, rein ing up my horse close to the dense milk thorn hedge that shut in Mr. Warren's pretty house and its garden, gay with flowers, from the tea plantations, tho preen valley, the upland pastures and the dazzling peaks of the Himalayas soaring overhead. There, on :i fragment of rock, stood tho well known, tall form of the planter himself, angrily confronting a motley mob of natives — some tawny, some yellow skinned, and a few nearly black. These, although they had flung aside hoe and spade, I knew to be the coolies employed at the prosperous hill station, whore such a scene of confusion had been hitherto unknown. 'The scoundrels are going to leave me — that's all!' said Mr. Warren, curtly. . And at that instant there stepped for ward in advance of the rest a gaunt Tibetan, clad in sheepskins, who, cer emoniously, with perfect gravity, placed on the ground a fragment of wneaten cake, a handful of salt and a lota, or brass drinking cup, nearly filled with coins, from silver rupees to copper ? pice. Then, pointing with a peeled willow wand that he held in his hand, to the food and the money thrice, he snapped in twain the slender stock, and with bent head and downcast mien stood motionless, as though waiting to be ques tioned. 'What mummery is this?' asked I, in an undertone. My intended fatherin law, who knew the peoplo and tho coun . try better than I did, shook his head. 'It means mischief,' he whispered. 'Something has terrified the supersti tious curs; and seel They renounce my bread and salt, return tho advanco of wages, and break the wand, in token \- that they are my men 110 more. You ' mean,' he added, harshly, in the Ben ? gali dialect, 'to desert me, then, Han Uorainl' 'The Sahib Warren is a good master,' replied the Tibetan, in the same lan guage. 'If wo go, it is because the evil eye Las looked upon this threshold, and the voice that never lies has laid a curse on Yirmi Sou and all that dwell there.' The man spoko slowly and with some ' difficulty, such as besets those who use a foreign tongue imperfectly mastered; but he had uttered his brief speech with . emphasis, and with a certain dignity of , bearing. Behind him stood the Tibetans and lull men— sturdy fellows on whom devolved tho rough work of trenching and dyke building, while a little way otf clustered tho dusky coolies from India proper, their lips tightened over their shining teeth, and in attitudes expressive of tho most abject servility. Clearly there was no stimulus short of physical . fear whieh would havo nerved these crouching creatures to disobey tho Burra Sahib, or owner of the plantation, whose lightest word had been law to his meek subordinates. ' 'If the Sahib will harken to tho coun sel of the poor,' said the spokesman, after a pause, 'he and his will hasten away before' ? But here Mr. Warren lost patience, and interrupted tho orator, roundly rebuking the whole gang as a pack of craven hounds, frightened at their own shad ows, and without a spark of manliness to redeem them. Wero it worth while, ho said, lie could gallop over to the near est magistrate and enforce the perform ance of the contract under pain of flog ging and imprisonment, but ho wanted no lialf hearts in his service, so they might go. 'You hear me!' ho thun dered, silencing Han Gorain's fresh ef fort to speak; and tho men slunk away cowed, as Orientals usually are, by this undoubting assertion of authority. The planter recovered his temper as Boon as tho rccusants had departed, and laid liis broad hand on my shoulder, say ing, with a jolly laugh, 'A lesson, George, my boy, as to the thorns that will lio in your path when you and Edith live hero in my stead, as I hope you'll do, after tho gathering in of the next tea crop, and set to to feather your nest, as her mother and I have done. I thought better things, too, of tho overseer — that Han Gorain, who, before somo heathen bogio scared him, was a shrewd and reliable servant. But never mind! Como in, Musgrave, come int The parson from Nynee Tal is hero already, and you must help the brido expectant to entertain him until dinner time.' Pretty Edith, who was on the morrow to become my wife, smiled away any un comfortable feelings which the conduct \- of Han Gorain and liis companions had left behind; and neither sue nor her 'parents, nor Mr. Edwards, tho /clergy man — who had come over expressly to perform the marriage ceremony— seemed to attach any importance to the panic among the' coolies. 'It was1 something,' explained Mr. Warren, 'about Alp Dagli, '.the big mountain at the foot of which wp live; but I havo been a planter hero too long to caro for tlje tattle of coolies.T' .'They aro like' children who tell of the nursery ghost until they seo it in every dark cor ner.. , A delightful life I should have led here had 1 been credulous.' And with that he dismissed tho sub ject, and the evening passed genially enough. Later on, however, after tho whispered farewell to my sweet Edith in tho porch, draped with tho glistening leaves and . big. white blossoms of the Indian creeper; after tho ride TiOmo to my . : own: : dwelling , among' tho hills, and when lay head rested on its pillow, a vague eenso of insecurity bsset me afresh; and even when I fell asleep my dreams were troubled and sad, not such as should visit the slumbers of one on whom the world smiled ns it did on me, Georgo Musgrave. Tho dawning of tho now day — my wedding day — however, chased away the clouds from my mind, and when I mounted my horso to ride to Yirmi Sou, attired ns n brides groom should be, ,ny heart was light and full of happv hopo. Edith loved me better than I deserved — I knew that; that it was her father's intention to es tablish the you ng couple ou his own fine plantation, while he and Mrs. Warren returned to England to enjoy their well , earned competency. The day was line— no rarity iu the east — but a sort of silver hazo hung over : the peaks northward, and there were fre a' uent gusts of ico cold winds rushing : own from gap and pass in the rocky range that forms the boundary of India. I rode on, and presently, from an angle in the mountain roiul, I caught a glinipso of tho 'Twenty Springs,' as Mr. War ren's thriving station was called, with its gardens and meadows, and tho now deserted plantations, and the empty huts of tho coolies. Then 1 turned the corner and saw it no moro; even as it van- . ished from my eyes I heard a strange, deep sound like that of distant thunder, tho nature of which I could not divine. My horso suddenly snorted and reared, and then stood trembling and could scarcely be urged forward. Whilo I was in the act of stooping forward to pat the Arab's glossy neck, speaking soothingly to liim tho while, there broko upon my car a sullen roar — louder, nearer, at.each instant, and culminating in a crash so dreadful that tho simultaneous discharge of a thousand cannons would have seemed puny when compared with it. Deafened, dizzy and confused, I dis mounted from my frightened horse, now wholly unmanageable, and hurried on foot to a spot whence, aa I remembered, Edith's home was in sight. Tl:e air was thick with dust and withered leaves; but as the prospect grew clearer I could sco no trace of tho bungalow, of its home stead and gardens, or of tho thriving tea plantations and verdant meadows around it. Vainly did I strain my eyes to catch one well known feature of the familiar scene. Nothing was visible save a dreary waste of stones, mud and rocks filling up half tho valley, and above which hung a cloud of tawny dust that was slowly sub siding. As I stood stupidly gazing on the scene of ruin, I caught sight of a man, bare headed, and with a white scared faco. I knew him. It was the young clergyman who had come from Nynee Tal to per form the marriage ceremony between Edith and me. 'Mr. Edwards?' I said, inquiringly, as ? I neared him. Ho caught my hand, covered his faco and burst into tears. Then, for the first time, I realized what fear was. 'For pity's sake, toll me all!' cried I, hoarsely. 'Is Miss Warren — is Edith safe? What has' ? 'Of all beneath that roof — tho roof of Mr. Warren's hospitable house — I alone am spared,' answored tho clergyman in broken accents. 'Death, tho grim mower, has garnered in his harvest there.' Tho cause of the disaster was but too evident. A stono avalanche, or moraine, as it is called in Switzerland, had rushed down from the unsealed heights of tho huge mountain towering above Yirmi Sou, and had overwhelmed all beneath it. 'I caught a glimpse of Miss Warren in tho garden, as tho stony flood burst on us with its deafening roar,' said the clergyman, as he grew calmer; 'it may be that God's mercy has spared her life, too.' And indeed I havo much to bo thank ful for, since my dear Edith was found, fainting, but unhurt, at tho foot of a tall ccdar, the only tree left standing, wedged in between fallen rocks. But the other in mates of the house had perished, nor wero even their bodies ever extricated from tho mighty mausoleum which na ture's own hand had piled above them. Edith and I have been married these five years, but our homo is in England, not in India; and sometimes, when I see a shadow come across my wife's fair face, I know that sho is thinking of those who sleep L'lIjw the cruel stones at Yirmi Sou. — Albany Journal. 