I TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir-Dr e Rev John Dixon may be very clever in a frightening babies with sensational ghost stones, but if he imagines that the threats contained in his letter of 20th instant will deter the bishops of Australia from taking the necessary action to rectify the illegal election of Canon Smith, then he is very much mistaken the Rev. John Dixon, although quite a recent arrival in the diocese of Sydney (and, by the way, not an hereditary member of the Church of England), would appear, nevertheless, to be very anxious to put himself forward as the champion of her rights, there can be no objection to the Rev. John Dixon voluntarily assuming this office, provided he does so with modesty, and will have the courtesy to allow people to entertain opinions other than his own. The Rev. John Dixon, however, belongs to that extreme party in the Church which cannot tolerate any difference of opinion. Now the Vicar-General of Newcastle and Tasmania and Mr. Tarleton (chairman of committees of the General Synod took a prominent part in the passing of the general Determination relating to the election of Primate, and when these gentlemen assure us that the recent action of the Bishop of Goulburn has not been in accordance with the determination I venture to think their opinion is entitled to re- spectful consideration. Canon Smith has, I think, reason to complain of the treatment he has received from his supporters. All that was sought by the bishops was to have an illegality rectified, and if that had been done at once all would have been well The Rev. John Dixon and his friends preferred, however, to impart an element of party controversy into the matter, the only effect of which will be to place Dr. Smith in an extremely unpleasant position in rela- tion to his brother bishops The settlement of the Pnmatial Seo in favour of Sydney, was secured at the General Synod of 1881, through the concession of Bishop Moorhouse lbs delegates from the dioceses of Melbourne, Ballarat, Adelaide, and Tasmania, came prepared to vote for a floating primacy, with the view of electing Dr Moorhouse the Primate, that prelate, however, threw the weight of his influence in with Mr Chancellor Gordon, and secured the position for Sydney After the recent exhibition, it may be safely predicted that Canon Smith will be the lost Bishop of Sydney, who will be ex officio Prmato At the General Synod to behold in 1891, the Determination will be amended into a floating Primacy. I am, c, LYCURGUS. 