GHOSTS. At a meeting of the Psysical Society, the president (Professor Sidgwick) gave an account of the inquiry now in progress into the nature and. frequency of casual hallucinations of the sane. He pointed out the great interest of the inquiry to psychologists and physiologists ; but specially urged its importance as bearing on the proof or disproof of the"telepathic" explanation of apparitions. The argument for this explanation rests entirely on the assumption that a close coincidence of time between an apparition and the death, or some crisis in the life, of the person seen occurs more frequently than chance will account for : and the statistics as yet at tained as to the frequency of hallucina tions, coincidental and non-coincidental, are not adequate. An attempt is now being made to obtain 50,000 answers to the question "Have you ever, when believing yourself to be completely awake, had a vivid impression of seeing or being touched by a living being or inani mate object, or of hearing a voice ; which impression, so far as you could discover, .was not due to any external physical cause 1" About a thousand forms have been sent out containing this question, with spaces for twenty-five answers, and 1600 answers have been already received:! but more aid was urgently wanted. It is.! earnestly wished that the collection should be made a3 impartially as possible,; without any bias for or against telepathy; it is hoped accordingly to obtain the aid of many persons indifferent or hostile ; to the general work of the society. A paper on this census of hallucinations will bo presented to the Congress of Physiological psychologists that will meet in Paris early in August; aud it was stated that M. Marillier, who was managing the census in France is quite neutral on the question of telepathy. Of the 1600 answers already received 183-about 11J per cent.-are affirmative, and 24-It per cent.-are .prima facie coincidental; both proportions being larger than previous experience had led him to anticipate. 