SOME OLD RAILWAY FRIENDS. A quarter of a century ago there were two suburban railway companies in exis tence— -the Melbourne and llobson's Bay aud tho Melbourno and Suburban. Tho headquarters of tho former was at tho Flinders street station and those of tho other at what is now known as tho Prince's Bridge station. Tho lincB wero not connected, and tho traffic was . conducted independent,!'. Ono remembers how , in tlioso days passengers descended steep stops to the Melbourne and Suburban Com pany's terminus, much as they do to this day at South Ynrra#lt was a dingy hole, but not less dingy than tho rolling stock, and the general appointments of tho lines and stations. Ono remembers with a curious Hcnsntion of nmusomcut tho funny little carriages dimly lighted, low of roof, ill ventilated, and with , scats so close together that passongors knees knocked together at 'ovory jolt. Then these wonderful vehicles were considered marvels of elegance, cuu- voiiicuco and comfort. When tho two companies amalgamated thoy still con tinued to do service, and oven after tho south suburban lines were takon over by tho Government. The Ooli- moiit accident was attributable to ono of theso antediluvian vehicles. But after that they began to disappear, till wo had begun to liopo that thoy had boon converted into tlio firo kindlers and old iron they wero only fit for in the light of tnodorn improvements. Vain though aro the iniugimugs of man. Within tbo past day or two it has been possiblo for old— very old— colonists to get a glimpse of the days of their primo and vigor of manhood by travelling oh tins Hawthorn lino. Where they woro stowed awny, what lavendor they havo emerged from, r,by what miraculous means they hnvo bttan preserved and renovated, ono tries in vain to conceive, but if some of the oldMclbourno.HidSuburban Company's carriages of twenty-live years ngo have not been running on tho lino botweon Camborwell and Prince's Bridge then tlioso antiquated vehicles hnvo ghosts, and those ghosts arc revisiting tho scenes of the past. There is tho same lowucss of roof, tho same narrowness of doors, tho same closeness of seats, tho sumo oilcloth- covered cushions, the same luck of ventil ation the same rattling of windows, tho same general stuffiness — in short, tho same everything. To go to sleep in ono of theso Rip Van Winkles of tho railways and to suddenly awaken enables middle- aged and oldcrly won to momentarily beliovo themselves once mora in the days "when wo wero boys together." The sensation for the instant must bo a strange, a pleasant one. Staid old follows with bald , heads and largo fumihes get a glimpso of their days of boyhood thrown in with their monthly ticket. They wake up. aud seo around, them tho very railway carriage they played their schoolboy pranks in. They look up and seo lamps stuck in lamp holes in a ceiling so low that if a M'lvcun or a Bon nor wore to stand upright, his head and part of his shoulders ubuld go through whoro tfio lamps are, and ho would ho decapitated at the first ovorhoad bridgo tho train enmo to. Ladies don't wear crinolines now but tlioy did in '(U and ono looks at tho narrow apercures -which answer for doors and wonders how many dainty anklea bewitched pegtop panta- looned sons of Adam in the days gone by as tho fair owners forced their hoops into tho carriages. Alas, somo of theso same fair owners have 6inco become ns grey as Jefferson's Rip Van Winkle, which about that time was delighting Australia and, sad to say it, somo of 'tho lithe forms aro now of such breadth that it would bo difficult to squcezo them through the Lilliputinn doors. But all this, of course is the fauciful side of the picture. Tho practical is not so pleasant. Thero is enormous traffic on tho lino, ami such conveyances as those wo lmvo described, patched up with putty, paint, mid varnish, bccomo blackholcs. of al)ouiinntious when they ore crowded ns tho evening and morning trains always . aro. Why wero they not sent away long ago' to form food for bonfires in commemoration of tho abili ties of political railway management? Why are thoy nt thiB dnto resuscitated and madqJ.o give fiilont evidence of our uttorwnnt of "go" despite our much- claimed energy and advancement ? And Why, oh Why, as tho man soys inUiePnnto- mimo, aro the Commissioners and prin cipal railway officers not condomncd to spend dny by day and woek by week travelling up and down tho highways and by- ways of our railways in tlio relics of tho past ? Thon perhaps tho ghosts of tho old ramnvkablo past would be finally laid with tlio once perturbed, but now resting spirits of tho Sedan Chair and tho StockB. Till this fate is forced upon tho railway authorities we have no hope. 