James Feehan, aged 18, working at the Eveleigh workshops, got his legs entangled in the machinery, and both of them sus taîned a compound fracture. A dastardly double attempt m »de to fire the Oriental Hotel, Broken Hill. A pile of rubbish, saturated with kerosine, was found at the rear of the building. Thomas Grey, an old resident of Ballina, committed suicide on Monday night by cut ting his throat. The police at North Brighton discovered a Chinaman named Mow Foon chained by the neck and padlocked to a stump in the Chinese vegetable garden. When released, he was raving mad, and tried to stab the constable with a large knife. He told the Brighton bench that he had been chained for four days by his comrades for a slight «ffence. A man, whose name is at present un known, met with, an awful mishap near Barcaldine. He was a member of the flying gang, and the other night, while left in camp, was seized with an epileptic fit, to which he was subject, and fell in the fire, and lay there for some hours. When found both arms had been charred to the elbowsi He was removed to the Barcaldine Hospital, where amputation was performed, but his recovery is considered almost hopeless. Nicholas Kinealy, 72 years old, a decrepid, grey-haired old man, committed for trial at Shepparton on a charge of criminally assaulting Caroline Lewis, his own granddaughter. Evidence showed that the child had been brutally ill-treated. J. Powell, a drover, has been committed for trial at Sandhurst on a charge of stealing a number of cattle, valued at £164, the property of Mr. J. K. Jennings, stock and station agent, of Melbourne. The prisoner, who is a well- known drover, was entrusted with cattle to drive from Woodend to Mittamo, and sold a number of them route. The three kanaks sentenced to death for the murder of another kanaka at Bunda berg have been let off with five years' penal servitude. The Kushanty silver mines, Pekin, are now being worked on the American prin ciple under an American manager. Large veins, probably a mile long, have been found, and 300 men are employed under Professor Church. Sixteen robbers were beheaded in two days at Foochow. Great tidal waves on the coasts of Japan have caused immense loss of life and damage to property. It is supposed that over 1000 lives have been lost, and houses and embankments were washed away. A disastrous colliery explosion has oc curred at Longton, in Staffordshire, a mining and manufacturing town five miles from Stoke-upon- Trent. It is reported that 60 miners have been killed. Downes, who eloped with Pinto's wife from Melbourne, and sold the husband's furniture, got two years for his pains. The Railway Office ghost, young Woods, has been committed for trial for stealing a cheque therefrom, value, £7 14s. 2d. Robert Landells, the Ringwood murderer, hung at Melbourne last Wednesday. He died game, made no statement, and the hangman gave him so long a drop that he nearly pulled his head off. Farrell, one of the convicts who escaped from Geelong gaol, was arrested near Lake Wendouree, Ballarat, last Wednesday. He attempted to 6tab Constable Muldarry, who arrested him, with a large bread knife, but only cut the constable's hand slightly. He has evidently had a hard time of it, nothing to eat for four days. He said his mate, Clarke, was most likely dead from exposure. An old joker named Joe Smith, aged 78, burglarised Snare's house at Collingwood. He also smote Mrs. Snare on the head with a " neddy," nearly killing her. Then the police snared Joe. Drayman Souter, of Woolloongabba, poisoned himself last Thursday, presumably because his wife boozed, and thus made him miserable. Through the gross carelessness of some navvies on the Zigzag, New South Wales, who left some planks on the line, a dozen Roods trucks were thrown off the line, but up one was hurt. Signor Crispi, the Italian Premier, in a speech delivered at Palermo, stated that Rome would become a part of the Italian unity, despite the opposition of the Papacy Italy would always adhere to the peaceful aims and objects of the central alliance, and strive against the fomentation of war. Three journalists connected with the Financial Tim/'* mid Mining Record, have been arrested on a charge of blackmailing a public company. , Negotiations have been resumed between the British Minister at Washington and the American^ecretary of State with regard to the Canadian and Behring Sea fisheries questions. M. Joubert, contractor for decorating the Victorian Court at the PariB Exhibition, has seized the Victorian wine kiosk and wine bar to secure payment of his claim of £400. 'A shocking case of suicide is reported from Nhill, where a man named George George Born, a railway porter, blew his bra&tt; ont with a pistoL , A stricter treatment of the convicts in New Caledonia has been ordered. A Russian gunboat foundered at Batoum, in the. Black Sea, and all hands were lost. Seven thousand miners have struck work at Courrieres, in France. Two thousand four hundred contraband cigars were seized by Sub-inspector Wassell on board the steamer Chingtu in Moreton Bay. As a train conveying ballast from Pyramid Hill (Vic.) was crossing the bridge near the Macoma station the axle of one of the trucks broke, and nine trucks and the guard's van were thrown off the line. Great damage was done to the rolling-stock and the line, but no one was hurt. The post-ofiice kept at the Rowan State school (Vic.) was broken into last week, and £29 in cash, a cheque, and several promissory an I postal notes were stolen. Henry Brown, an employee at Perry's timber yard, Lonsdale- street, Melbourne, shot himself in the mouth with a revolver at Spencer-street station, and is not expected to recover. Brown left a note to say that he was going off his head for want of sleep. A small fire occurred at the Port Hotel, Port Adelaide, and a young woman was so severely burnt that she died. A gentleman named Hardy Onslow, who had recently been to the Soudan, fell 45 feet from the balcony of a house in Victoriastreet, Darlington, and is not likely to recover. His skull was fractured. A boy named Olsen poisoned at Bundaberg from taking salts of lemon, accidentally as supposed. Arthur Mitchell, an Ipswich probationer, up for stealing a £22 cheque from his employers, Chambers, Bruce, and M'Nab. He nearly lost the numl>er of his mess from an overdose of laudanum. A terrible outrage committed in Fitzroy last week by a Tasmanian named Ross. He enticed his landlady's little girl, aged 9, into his bedroom, and there criminally assaulted her. The child's screams brought the mother, who found her child lying on the floor in a terrible state. The brute was arrested shortly after. A wharf lumper named Joseph Rogers crushed to death at Brisbane whilst unloading steel rails from the Taroba. An engine attached to a goods train ran off the line at Seymour, Victoria, and fell down an embankment. The driver and fireman saved themselves by jumping. A prisoner brought down from the north last Thursday by steamer made a desperate dash for liberty, having slipped his handcuffs whilst leaving the wharf. Constable O'Kearney bolted after him, and it was only after a tremendous tussle that he was able to secure his man. In a prize fight between F. P. Slavin, the Australian pugilist, and Bill Goode, the English middle weight boxer, Slavin completely defeated Goode after five rounds had been fought. The spectators made an unsuccessful attempt to rush the ring in the third ronnd, when it was evident that Goode was beaten. Four battalions of troops in Crete have mutinied and maltreated their officers, the cause of the outbreak being the refusal of the men to work nt road-making. Another terrible tragedy, this time from Eidsvold. A man named Jones caught a man named Summers in bed with his wife, so he put four bullets into Summers, shot his wife twice in the stomach, besides chopping her with an axe. Mrs. Jones has since died. A crank named Elwell started to race the morning train from Ipswich last Saturday. Result, knocked down and cut to pieces. Two little nippers, named Stevens and Sing respectively, drowned in the Castlereagh, at Coonamble, whilst bogeying. The teller of the Hindmarsh (Adelaide) branch of the National Bank has disappeared with, it is alleged, £400 of the bank money. His name is T. E. Jenner, and he is supposed to have gone to Melbourne. John Tynan, clerk to Messrs. Barker and Co., contractors for Maldon and Laancoorie railway, has shot himself. He leaves a widow and four children. He was a son of a well- known ploughmaker at Ballarat. The Zulu chiefs, Dinizulu and Undabuko, are to be exiled to St. Helena for twelve and fifteen years respectively. The dock companies are trying to induce the labourers to become permanent hands at £1 a week, but the Dock Labourers' Union refuses to sanction the proposal. The strike of coal miners in France is extending, and a collision has taken place with the troops in which two of the strikers were killed. Prince Bismarck has informed the Czar that he considered an agreement between Great Britain and Russia with regard to Asia was possible and desirable. He also said he was convinced the Czar would never begin a war against Germany. The Czar denies the truth of the report that Russia is doubling her strategic railways on the German frontier. W. M'Carron and his daughter, charged with the murder of their infant, have been tried at Sandhurst. M'Carron was found guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced to ten years' hard labour. The daughter was sentenced to twelve months for concealment of birth. Messrs. Davenport and Sons' boot and shoe factory at Marrick ville, N. S. W., was destroyed by fire on Saturday morning. The damage is estimated at £20,000, and 200 hands are thrown out of work. King Louis I., of Portugal, is dead. Ihere s hardly any wonder, when he had to drag after him through life no less than eighteen baptismal names. Quite enough to.^Wish a meaner man than a king. A man named Bennett was drowned in the Bnrrum River on Sunday. He only arrived here on Saturday from Kpglnnd, l Sir 'Enery Parkes, the great Hi Ham, is on a visit to Brisbane, on which place he remarks, "'Ow it's growed." A lunatic attempted to shoot Prince William of Wurtemberg, heir presumptive to the throne, whilst he was going to church, but the Prince was uninjured. Only eleven jurors have yet been empannelled for the trial of the prisoners charged with the murder of Dr. Cronin. A French doctor claims to have discovered the microbe of smallpox. James Alexander Hunter committed for trial at Sydney charged with stealing £990 belonging to Parsons Bros, and Co., spice merchants, while a member of the firm. A young man named Forsyth was struck dead by lightning at Flinders on Saturday afternoon. Large silver lodes are reported to have been discovered in the Castlcreagh district, New South Wales. Mr. and Mrs. Locke, prominent residents of the Inverell district, were struck dead by lightning on Saturday. It is stated that the accident was caused by the lightning strikiug a clothes-line stretching from a tree to the house, and attached thereto. The tree having been struck, the electric fluid communicated to the house, the walls of which were cracked, aud the chimney split to the ground. A calf standing at the foot of the tree was killed. Five children arc left orphans by the catastrophe. A farmer named Gaul, living at Hopkin's Point, Warrnambool, was badly gored by a savage boar, and is not expected to livh. Great gold-bearing reefs discovered at Euncella diggings, about GO miles from Mackay. Mrs. Prcdeaux, her husband, and five children, and a man named Milne were riding on the top of a dray loaded with furniture, near tlockhampton, when the leading horse was slung by hornels, which caused a stampede. All the occupants of the dray were thrown out and more or less seriously injured. Milne is believed to be injured fatally, as the dray fell on him. Three thousand miners employed in Lord Londonderry's coal mines in Durham have struck w ork to enforce their demand for shorter hours of labour. Fifteen thousand men threaten to join in the strike. A committee of American naval officers have drawn up a report on the Zalinski gun, in which they state that the gun would be useless in practical warfare in consequence of the intricacy of its mechanism. The Socialists throughout France threaten to organise a general^ strike at the close of the Paris Exhibition. Clarke, die other escapee from Geelong Gaol, has been recaptured near Ballarat. Both men complain bitterly of the doggery of the gaoler Pinninger. The body of an old bill-poster named M'Farlane found in a water-hole at Baldwyn (Vic.) with his skull fractured. Murder is suspected. An attempt has been made upon the life of the Japanese Minister for Foreign Affairs by an assassin, who, however, only succeeded in slightly wounding his inten Jed victim The would-be murderer afterwards commit ted suicide. The Sultan of Zanzibar has promised that all children born in his dominions after the New Year shall be free. John Scott, residing in Little Albion street, Sydney, committed suicide by cutting his throat with a butcher's knife. Henry Oldham, clerk in the Bank of Australia, Melbourne, attempted to commit suicide by taking a dose of chlorodyne. There is nothing wrong in his accounts. Oldham wrote a letter to say that private troubles had decided him to commit suicide. A married woman named Margaret Dagg, of Ascot Vale, made a determined attempt upon her life on Friday night. She had been drinking, and her husband stopped her means of obtaining drink. She became despondent during the day, and cut her throat. 