CMIfcreit. Little Neighbour. A stormy June day. How steadily run 1.11 »«d how 'he »»d ,Mi"e "lit ideoiio" ">. »>»'» °< "?« 3*1.5"=' ' ''ls"ao?.i"^S»=". SSl'ASh'Vpg )»> rt »7 » »"» j rtSS" H.r ff"5«t!W£S name for a rather small doll . «'00*e\v_,! S&2%&J;>£ b0fa. jf amjnS | W1'hAnd aho ahall wear her blae Bilk: dr«M j with the bine daBb again, announoed Olai. , smoothing her doll B ourlB t®n^e^1J;, a _B " « She ought to have unotherpart^ dre. , T said 44 How would pink Bilk^do t "Beautiful I It would just suit her cheeks, Miaa May," uried Claire. «nlnur 1 " Well, she shall have one of that colour,, then,"and I'll make it for b®r. riiaira ! Iran away for the material, which Olaire dresses-I wo" »' Tn.ire " Teaia"0 " And I bigger than you are, Olaire, I aaia. ghQ , now dolly niuat be measured. . 4-3 i WBB, and the dress onoe fairly fltarted pro "SK SSlollT.,... W bete, .hj j fira Olaire hugged her bitten upon tne ] bear'th-rug and chatted blithely to me as l _ rooked and hemmed and at leuR^ the tinv ] the Bimple trained skirt Then thorny j .waist waa commenced, and G!^°'£ ° .T, , icstioBB, commenced daneiDp; about the root, and singing, or paused to luun against tn\ chair and bestow an oarucut kisB upon it.j j Db»0ShflU I rend you a story, Miaa May ?" asked Olairo. , T S^sh/ohofe0!! booh from the oentre 'able :?risa:?;SoS s& s« read very well i! she takes time to PazzleJ*| loug words out. This time jhe naver aeomed to notice whether the words wejo long or short. The title of the book ?he. "Lougfollow'a Poema," and thia ia Olaire Bt^o:noo there waa a little girl who went to eohool every day, almost, but onoe ma while, when it etormed, her mamraa wou d give her a holiday. She a^ost always spent the holiday with a young iady who lived noxt door to her. Olaire-I moan the little girl-loved this young lady, oh, very, very mHere Claire oaught my hand and gave it a warm squeeze. . tt," " A lovely bird sang all day long m the window of Mies May'a sitting-room, and gold-fish awam forever in a globe, Ana flowera looked so pretty that grew ini a lo g box in the window. Onoe I oarried a bunoh home that Miaa May had given me, and they were ao aweet every one wanted to know where they oame from, and I told them, and TJnole "Wilbur took one and gave me a large °TnNow°ro!aira," I oried, "you oto Jus* mf.kSa"SuZ-ir»« wo .»'* Olaire?'earnestly ; then ahe said, " ofhere'fl a nice kitty at Mian May's-, it will come to mo when I oall it-it hasn't any name but kitty. I think it ought to have a name ha Bl^Youoan give it one now, if you want to," IS"Oh, oan I?" cried Olaire, ao that any one might havo fanoied I had just made her a present o! five pounda. rt Well, would Minnie do for a name 7 no it would take too long to oali-som,®thl°8 short. Let me see. Fan-I don t zaotly like that-oh, / know 1 _ Let a oall her Pinky. pinky, dear, ounning Pinky, look up 1 Xo Olaire'a delight, the kitten raised her little gray head and lqoked up. «' She likea her name; ahe almost laughed, she's ao pleased 1" oried Glare, excitedly. Then, after petting puaa a few momenta, ahe pioked up her book and went on witn her story:- , .. Miss May and 1 go to the same °hl"fo11 . she teaohes me in the Sunday sohool; there are four other girls in the class and each one wanta to ait by Mies May, bo we have to take turns at it. Christmas Mias May gave me a moat beautiful book with a green and gold oover, and a pioturo with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in bia arms. I read the book Sundays. Then one day when I waa up in Miaa May'a room, ahe opened ; a drawer in her deok and gave me a lovely oold pencil. I often wear it around my nook by a ribbon. Unole Wilbur has a splendid horse that he oalla Sultan; sometimes he takes me out for a drive on his tall cart-ne often takea Miea May out. My doll is going to a grand party noxt week; she will wear a pink silk dress, and her first tram-it a , aoino to look beautiful, and after the party I'm going to tell Miss May all about it. Misa May ia makiDg the dress ; ahe ia sitting near . me, and her oheeka are as red aa roues. I think ahe aita too near the fire, for her oheeka J are hardly ever ao red." " It is warm," murmured Miaa May. "Next summer we are going to have a aottBge by the aeaahore. I ehall dig with clam-ahella in the sand every day and build forta. Misa May isn't sewing now ahe a rooking herself to and fro, and ao I'll atop reading." Then Olaire and I proceeded to array Miaa Miriam in the party dress (hat I hod juat oomploted j it set off her blonde loveliness to perfection, and ahe looked so fascinating that we felt compelled to kins her for being ao pretty. Indeed, Olaire was so pleased that she clapped her hands with delight, nnd then pvanoed oil around the room,. Anally springing into my arma and nearly smothering me with kisses. Then Misa Yellowtresa waa taken mto tho next room to mamma. . 1 could hear Olaire'a eager voica explaining and admiring it'.alJ, and mamma's comments I and then back the litilo girl Oftmc fluttering to my side like a bird. Miriam Yellowtress waa laid upon the table, and then, without so much aa " by your leave," Olaire sprang into my arma and dropped her golden head upon my flb" Ncfw'it'a my turn; Misa Miriam Yellow tresa has had you for a long time. Tell me a story, Misa May, please." j So I told her about the day that kitty waa , brought to my door in a little baaket-a pre* aent itom a cousin of mine who waa going i South for the winter. I told her how atrange kitty lelt at first, apd mewed and mewed, | and even scratched me when I took her up | in my arms and tried to comfort her,. I}ut kitty and I were now the beat of friends, and she had forgotten to feel lonely. Then we went to the window and looked out at the rain. It dashed against the win dow-pane, aud the wind shook the' treea until they awaved and bent before the blast, aB though trembling and afraid of its fury. The aky was lowering ; some of the clouds were of an inky blacknesa. We sat there until | twilight oamo on, and still it rained, I '. Don't you feel awfully lonely, Miaa May?" said Claire, " I do. I like to feel so some times." " What a funny child you are I" I said. " IIow oan you liko to feel lonely, pet?" , " Wsll.-solurna, then. Do tell me a ghost j gtary plenae," ! " Not I,' sweetheart. Beaidoa, I don't I know one to tell, aa I never road them/Take | my advice, 'Olaire--never listen to ghoat [ Eturiee j yon may laugb at them in broad j ilnjliubt, but vim awahu at night they j Will bcviJu very tiiBivent." i A. hterm oi wind Bfcook tbccasecicist; haiJ | was mingled with the rain. Then mamma entered ttae room and exclaimed: " Why, how riieinal yon both look sitting there in the dark with you arms around eaoh othtr like the babes in the wood." The oheery voice broke the opell; wo left the storm to take care of itself. I lighted the lamp with its amber-tinted globe, stirred the fire till it snapped and blazed up oheer fnlly, drew the orimeon ourtains together, and all in a moment onr dusky room wan transformed. How delioiously cosy and comfortable it seemed I Olaire and I had a merry time-a (jay, good time-until aomo i one oame to take my little friend away from I me. And the dolls' party ? Oh, it waa a grand j success, and, best of all, Miss Yellowtress i i?&3 the belle of the ball. 