TALE. WHere are the Tickets Bv'AiiKXANliliR Lksi.ik, i'm Temple Bur. 'Will,' said ray wife one evening, us I nut smoking by the firo after supper, do you know thoro is to bo a kiiIq nt Mr. Gould's on tin; ?Joth ? I should like to go, though of course wo can't buy anything.' ' ' I nm nfriiid not,' I replied, gloomily enough, thinking of certain pictures and en gravings, (iuo speculative purchases, if only they escaped the attention of dealers. At this time 1 waa always puzzling my brains for ii chauco of making a little odd monoy, and witlrgbod cau.se. It's a hnd enso to bo in, full uppoitmiiticH for proving one's .'elf a fool or developing into a knave — results that need not hnppjn when daily bread comes regularly without scheming. J!t,ie bud nlBO to lose faith in one's self, us Ijwas bojrinning to do. My father, who was hitlF a- Prenohmnn', used '.to my: ' fyite jr ii'iivuik jicis -/-? c/iniiiv' ; and perhaps he uu* riglit, after all. But how was it 'r Sin ply 1 was ' neithcir stupid not1 liizy ; tho severest criticiNin I 'could upplydid not convinco me of inferiority to my successful friends. Hnd I not far surpassed all my schoolfellows — those especially whom I joinctimes met in town, stockbrokers, lawyers, merchants, who put on flesh, wore ponderous gold watches, with elaborate chains, and from the height of their bland prosperity smilingly asked bow I was getting on. Wimt an odious question tlmt is to ono who stands or slips at the lower oud of tho incline, having attained nothing but an ago at which failure and poverty arc dlfigrucoful ! 'I cannot help thinking,' continued my wife, ' tlmt it was very ttrango Jio did not lonvo you. anything, if only a few hundred pounds. It would hnvo been a great thing for ub, and would havo inude so littlo differ ence to other people.' ?Thoro havo been stranger things than that,' I said, nnd went ou smoking in' silence: forit was not well to eucourago thoughts of this kind. And yet it seemed impossible to repress them, now they wero well roused. Every day and everywhere I saw what Solo muu also had seen under the sun. Ay, ' but time and chance Imppeueth to all.' Wero mine yet to coino;;or had they been filched from mo long ngo with tho best intentions 'r II .iv different my life would havo boon if this very Sir. Guuld, lately 'deceased, had pre vailed, upon my parents to part with mo I Having .'failed bo far in ono profession, I imagined that I (should have succeeded in any other, and, as I gazed into the iiro, there passed before mo ambitious visions of increas ing splendour— ranging from having handles on all our -jugs to ono boforo myown name. Tho foot is, I was getting deadly tired nf the strugglo, and was possessed with strange, longings; to; liyo dejicntelyfor a timo, before tho scheo of oujoyiriSntshoiild lose keenness, l'ow men appeared to mo moro enviable Hum Clivo, who, on returning from India, gave ordors for tho purchase of two hundred Blurts, ?:tho best and finest tlmt could bo had for nionoy.' Baso, material considerations, no doubt ! But thoro comes a ponod in lif o when tho ?want of thoso luxuries that ropresont a man s value in the world is almost as bad as tho want of food and rniment. To a very y.oul:tj! single man, art may suillco in itself ; but, tho husband and futhor must needs think '!7'J'.lJ'i nnd dream at night of gottiug and Sjpj'fc'i sternly' returns and a. settled future' PorhapsI hnd no real faculty, only artistic tasto;; or. duo tbe faculty hnd not developed for lack of curly training. At this point I folta hand on my shoulder, Huch^i, .beautiful huud it wns ! I waa novev tirod of holding it and playing with it : smooth1 und'soft, and cool nnd Hi-mi it scorned to mo Uio very typo of refined strength; bodily and. mortal, of tho truo woman, without effdmiuuey. ??'Como, dear ; tho fire is nearly nut, and you are half asleep ; lot us go up.' On the; way wo looked in as usual at thoso three little golden heads on mo long pillow, placed lengthwise justcad of across the bed . and I was fain to admit that, taking all things into consideration, I wiis not without compensa tion. ' ':' Do you think, 'Will, that you would havo let one of them go ':' she suid. '1 can't say : it would depend. And then thoro aro only threo.' ..Tho sale at Westfiold was hold on a day when I had no drawing lessons to givo ; so wo wero able to go. The house and gardens presented thodioimil aspect usuul on feu'oli oc cn.iions, intensified by tho havoo that was bo ing wrought all around. Tho lako had dis iippoarcd, h'lled up with rubbish : lawns and shrubberies and tho beautiful wilderness wero trampled aud wrecked. But thero was the cedar. under which my father and I sat ono hot Sunday afternoon, wailing lo be sum moned for dessert. And when wo came from tho; glare; into the cool, shady room, how sumptuous it all looked— tho long, tliifk. shining fable, covered with plate and gins-, tho dci-p-colouri-d wine. Ilic splendid fruits, tli'o lwantifully- dipssod ladies .' Wlw I. n rii-li odour lillwl the air— all manner of ilolirnU porfumes; from peach and pino-npnlp, beos wiugand liurguudy lanes and frills, mingled with Uio faint scents of polished wood and tigor^kih rugs tlmt pervaded tho whole hpuso ! How soft tho voices appeared, how refined tho intonations, ns of people that hnvo plenty of timo to choose their words and spoak 'nicely; Mr. Gould's voieo, especially, gave mo tho notion of great wealth. Lnznrus, I thought, would ni)l, havo had n voice liku that.; .and when ' hoard the parable of Dives in'ohurcli, that scene always i.-amo buforu me: Isuiellcd the rich odoui-s and beard I he gulden tones. TJihrMr',. Uould .was ' im;. old friend 'mid steadfast? patron of myftilhor, tho haii-bf h prospfeijig'.biowiiigiind Irankinir coiioorn, in wlii-.-li ho had made a furtiuiOi -liven nt that timo ho boomed mi old man, with ruddy com plexion 'Jln'1-' ivliilo hair, nuitu erect, but ri|thur ijtilf and slow in his movements. Ilu ing very fond of children, as the childli'ss very often anvlut would lipiiui'iity .wnd n I'onmy nnrringc fur us, tivnl us with iinkc-t and fniiU, and let us1 ninm iilunif. flip (.iioiiihIm. Hut T whs his I'nvnurili', and so, in ni/'rirdn'nrp with' IiIa wish, my fiithW snmcfiiiK-s lo,ik 'm.'- to W.'Hllleld with him on SumlnyM nl'd-i- din nprj nrr:viiiK nbmit fho time of dessert. Thr- pliifbwas (lien (iiiitti cnunlry. tliniigh barely thrpo; miles from where wo lived in Ibu nurtii piirt of Hompstead. At flic lime uf thu hiiln, liowover, the Briareiis of bri:(( and moitnr had sfreuiheil a lung ana toward it, Knis]iin^ tho thu ninety acres of land, which were suld for building at an avtivigo i-f lr.ilf u Ibnu.'aud in ai'.ro. And all this would havo been iiiino, wit'i aver so much more beside, if their childless iwner had been suffered to carry mo off with aim ouaday when the yellow chiuiot drovoup a} our door. It was not until twenty years- later that I learned tho motive of this visit, and perhaps it would have been bc.it if my mother hud never told mo. After many hints and vague half-jocular proposals, Sir. Gould hnd nctuitlly rome prepared to take me nwny with him there and then, for good and all, and make me his heir. ' And we should never havo met,' my wife suggested. When I iirst told her the st ory. This wns not cat-y to answer ; for I was 'now like ono who, stumbling on bencntli a crushing burden, takes no delight in the lluwcrs by* tbe wayside, nor heeds' the song of birds and the glimpses of cheerful sun light. I forget what I. said ; but it provoked n retort from her lips, though not in words, and she sat ior a long time afterward with ono arm round my neck, while I fondled the other hand, as my habit was. Perhaps it would also liavq been better if [ had never told tho story to her. Hut it slipped out one evening after I had acci dentally mot the old gentleman, very old now, whom I had not seen sineo my child hood. Finding that I lived at Ilampstead, not fur from the home of thoso days, he had invited mo into his carriage and taken me to the house. I was like a dream to sen the pictures on the walls and and tho skeleton clock with its solemn tick, and the tiger-skin rugs, just as they all woro twenty-fivo years beforo. And it was liko stepping back a generation or two to hear him say ' Toosday 1 consoom,' ' ncvyy,' mid so forth, survivals that are now extinct altogether. Formerly, it had seemed to us (mite natural, and even dignified in him. It soon appeared that he remembered the family rather than tho individual, referring to an old uncle, and even my father, as 'your brother G'eorgo,' and 'your brother Frank.' But my -wife's hopes wero encour nged by his occasional hospitality and friend liness ; it would all come back to him by and by, I pooh-poohed to no purpose ; aud ono evening, when I had dined with him and he had suddenly rcoylleuted over a glass of port, seventeen years in bottle, how my father used to bring mo to AVcxtlield on Siiudny afternoons, I could sco that ho was greatly excited by this remarkable event. Much good came of it ! A week later he was deud — my kind old friend that would bo — nnd his wealth had go'no £o tho 'novvies,' ns he called them. Their idea was to rcnlizo all they could : and so it came to pass that I was whelmed, a inero insignificant stranger and unit, in tho crowd that Jlockod to the sale.' We had a good 'ook at tho yel'tow chariot in the ooach- houso, and saw in a corner of tbe yard tho old sun-dial, nil in fniginouto, that used to stand with its motto ' Xnlla mlii/in retrortmn,' on the lawn sloping down from tlip back of the houso to tho lako. Tlien we went round to tho front entranco, and mingled in the motloy throng.thnt wns wan dering up and down, in and out, through tho oi)en doorways peering, poking and pushing every whoro, and finally concentrat ing in tho dining- hall, where tho auctioneer's hammer was already hoard. To mo, whoso childish fancy had hero taken its first and most abiding impression of beauty and gran deur, it was painful to neo tho objects flint I remembered so well and rogarded with a kind of roverence hauled uud bandied about und disputed for by tho unpleasant people that usually form tho majority at sales. Some- of tho best things wont for very lit tle, which made my svifo tjuito indignant, as if they had belonged to us. But when the most important pictures weroput up, 'Leader and tho Swans,' by Ferorigryno, 'The Jlur ringo of Caner,' attributed to Venesshianyno ; A tine replerkcr of. Gropzo's ' Crosshcassy,' I quickly perceived there was no chuueo for me. Those gentry who, without knowledge or tasto hnvo a inarvelloas instinct for what ever is worth money, wero keen ou tho first und last, while tho second, undoubtedly spurious, was knockod down to an enthusia stic amateur. It seemed us if tho moment I begun to bid, tho competition bocamo brisker and I secured only a pair of fluo old prints ut a jiricG leaving small margin for pro/it, if any. By-and-by, A ?writing-table in roso-wood with drawers, brass unndles nnd key-hole plates, by Shcration, a very handsomo piece, was announced. For this my wife had taken a great fancy while Tvulking through tha rooms, and I meant to got it for her, if pos siblo. Two wretched creatures, ono tallow faced and pock-marked, tho other with a frightful squint, bid against mo with incisive promptness, and forced mo to givo much moro than I had intended. 1-Vom timo to time during tl.c contest I felt severe pinches on my arm, with ' Will, dear, do stop ; givo it up ; it's no use,' and so on. Poor darling ! she was not nwaro that I had surreptitoimly put in my pocket tbe few sovereigns laid by for rout. When tho tiiblo was at length knocked down to me the two worthies who had seemed so eager to possess it concealed their disappointment remarkably well : indeed they displayed much pleasant'humour, in dulging in a kind of war-dunco and poking each other playfully in the ribs, with sly gluiieu/i at mo. ' You sec, sir,' observed a ilccont elderly broker, who had vainly prof fered mo his services at tho commencement, ' if you had given mo half a crown, you would havo saved u sovereign or two. Wo don't go against each other, generally.1 The scolding I gut for my extravagance begun gravely, and ended very tenderly ; for the fablo would certainly be a great com fort und convenience to my wife, who had taken to writing short stories for magazines to help keep tho pot boiling. Somohow, my pictures would not soil now. I had to de pend moiv and moro on giving lessons, and it seemed as though all my high hopes wero to end, at best, in tho career of a drawing muster. Xo doubt my work hnd lost fresh ness and character, since I had given up tramping about tho country as I did when my pictures took. Now (hoy stared at me for months together from shop-windows un til I was quite sick of them, nnd I would often mako n detour to avoid the unpleasantly suggestive! sight. It was a vnry different world Hush I had first, broken my chain, given up tho wretched clerkship tu which my father's narrow couu snls had condemned mo, and seriously taken to painting. Of courso every ono was hor rified ; but I cared littlo for that. Hud I not exhibited and sold and received OLCour ngcmuut from those who kuovt ? At 1 oil ! the delight of litorty ! I sketched for eight hours a day on breezy down and purple In-nth, in the depth of tho woods and on tho river's bank, and lay down at night full of hope and eourugo and proud plans for the future. I saw culours and subjects with my rlused and wearied eyas, and felt that I could paint anything. Jfy unrlie.st success, was 'Tho Miller's Daughter.' I had seen her first., a tall tom boy of sixteen, jumping hedges and diulies with a pole. The during girl actually had thu audacity to try tho stream, and wont plump into it with a shout of laughter. I helped her out : and came to talk with her father, and to bo a frequent visitor at the mill. Hi-nhuiist cried with delight, over my slcoli-liPS of it, fiudiii',' tbn chimney* and windows id! right with n-gni-d to liiimbers nul position nnd gave me an order for a [ii-- l.iiiv. In thisl introduced .To— short I'm r.ininn : it wns well hung in tho exhibition 0 whinh I sent if, and ni'iie mo sumething of 1 liaiiu*. After Unit. I was nil honoured guest at tho ?lilt, nuil 1 sown found that Jo, though wild is a colt, had a largo and bimutiful nature with no small share of tasto and intuileiit! '~u^ much education, after tlio nmuiier of manKng-si-houU, but ii mind full of history io?try and ronmiire— all of the best. Her iiiiul study was the branch of a trcu leaning ivor tl.o luill-stroam, witliaJishing- iodlayiug ?a tho brak. How proud sho wns of her trength .' At first .'lie would leap and run nd wrestle with me ; but that was soon givaa up. For it began to \xs perceived, even by herself, perhaps, that the charming hojden bud rounded aud ripened into a graceful and lovely woman. ' Happy's the wooing that's not longu-doing !' If 1 'was but u landscape paidter and a village uiiiidon sho,' at least our wordly insignificance left us free to mate as tLc birds of heaven. J[y Wnnderjahr ended with our marriage. I could not well ronm about as before, and for many reasons it was better to live in Lon don. I began to introduce figures more and more into my landscapes and make them tbe chief motive, instead of subordinate as hitherto. Porhaps it wns because my studies in this lino had been insuflicient, perhaps be cause people tired of seeing always one model that I gradually lost the position Iliad gained and found myself compelled at length to accept the appointment of drawing muster in a school kept by two old ladies who had known mo as a boy. This was a dreadful full ; but what could I do with those three littlo golden heads and growing bodies at home'r It inaib- me glad they were so like their mother, aud I wanted them to grow up tall and strong, as she was. A wrestler against whom none may prevail has grappled one sinco then ; aud only two of the gdden heads aro left. Soon after the sale tlmt school, our n'uiu stny, was given up and things went even worse with us. Jo scribbled away faster than over when wo two were alouo in tho evening; and gazing at her while she sat at tho writing table with tlio clanking brass handles, I used to wonder how sho could keep her back so straight, with nil there was to bond it. So it went on till two years after Mr. Gould's death, when one ir.orningn letter camo with great joy, for it announced my appointment as curator of an art institute and picturo gal lery in Australia. For a long timo our thoughts had been turned to the other side of the globe. The idea of getting clear away from' old associations, not pleasing now but painful, and starting afresh, as with a new life, on a new arena, had n strong charm for us both. Here, nssurcdly, was an end to umbition; but it was something to get a decent compe tence and a respectable social standing in ex change. Let in bo satisfied, pack up, aud bo oft under the no-v stars ! So wo also had our sale, but Jo would not part with tbe ' rich man's table,' ns we called it, and she st.wved away in tho drawers all documents and letters that hud to bo preserved. Kxcoptiug a few cherished volumes, every thing else had to go, in order to sottlo bills and pay for outfit and passage. At length, when wo fondly believed that everything conceivable was well and truly settled, it was found that a wretched butcher's bill had been overlooked. What was lo be dono'r My first impulse of cxitsperation was k throw it on tho firo ; for all wo had loft would not pay it by some shillings. In any case wo might scud tho amount from Australia. But my wife would not hear of it. ' We must have a namo behind us ; poor but honest,' sho said with a suspicious laugh, evidently forced. There was nothing for it but to so the rich man's fable. It was not yet puuked; whilo I fetched Mr. Isaacs, who had formerly bought sketches from me, aud lately somo of our furniture ; from whom after much hag gling, I could got only four pounds for tin; table which had cost mo six at tho sale. Our packages woro rendy for thd van that would convey them to the docks, and we had beforo us threo days of peace and quiet. A strange feeling, a kind of awe, camo upon us — a strange affection or at least forbearance for persons and places that wo had heartily disliked. All necessary farewells wero said, and on the second day I strolled out with the intention of making certain pilgrimages, Thero was tho National Gallery aud tho Mu seum : I might never seo them again and it would bo well for mo to refresh my knowledge of tho paintings and sculptures that people over tliero would want to hoarabout. No use to think of paying exhibitions ; for it was a quostion of shillings with us now. Entering tho parlour on my return, I was at onco taken aback by tho sight of our trunks laying about open ami half-emptied, ivhilo Jo was knooling beforo ono of them with slooves up to the shoulder, tossing out the contents and plunging her whit.o arms into tho lowest recesses. It was disheartening to find con fusion and excitement prevailing onco more — a dismnl return of chaos. What on earth wns tlio matter ? Why so recklessly demolish thoso mnrvols of ingenious packing when the van might arrive nt any moment ? 1 Tlio passage tickets ! I cannot find thorn, ' she Hiiid, flushed, panting and almost crying. The strain of the first few days had been too gloat for her, nnd I also felt unable to boar much moro of it. Controlling myself as well as might bo, I asked wero sho had put thorn whon I handed them to her. ' In tho top loft-hand drawer of tho rich man's table,' sho replied. ' I could sn-onr to it. But I could not find them after turning out tlio drawers.' ' You me convinced,' I s'liil, 'that, in tlio first plueo you put thoso tickets in tho top left-hand drawer or tho table, Now, John Anderson' (I am uotafraidof this joke, for it used to ploaso her) 'you aro an old and hardened ollondcr. I am sorry to see you hero ngain ; but you will be dualt with moro leniently if you faithfully answer my ques tions.' Wlioroupon tlio culprit, who was ou my knooby this timo, behaved in very disrespect ful manor. ' Come, young woman,' I said, having disoti gaged myself, 'you must not tnko up tho time of tho Court liko this ' ; and the diseord nnco betw con this form of address nnd tho other produced a laugh such as I hnd not heard for years. And when I declnred in terriblo magisterial tones, that if I heard that again tho court should bo cleared, sho called me a foolish old thing, nnd tho sky was clear in a moment. Ah, thoso times ! When I look over tho drawers of that writing-tablo, only used now for storing sacred relics, I am fain to echo tho cry : Give mo bunk, givomoback the wild freshness of fho Morning. Her clouds and her tears aro worth Uvening's best light. Having nscortainnd that tho onvelopo con taining tlio tickets had been laid at t'lo top of a drawer which was filled up, I surmised that they might havo sliped through at the back into tho hollow of the table. With this notion I flow to Isaac's dingy but respectable shop, which was pot far off. It occurred to mo on tho way that it might bo well to dis semble ; und I suggested, therefore, that a frii-ud of mine hud expressed a desiro for tho tnblo if ho could have it ut a fair price. 'What would tho gcutlemtiu liko to give now I-' said Mr. Isaacs. ' Its a very good piece, very 'iiudsonio, worth ten guineas of any one's money. I refused eight pound tnn for it this very morning as ovor shouo ; didn't I now, liobecca V The girl stopped in her dusting, looked up with irreat black eyes from under a shock of wiry hair, and sluri-d at him for a few mo ments. Kvon she wns amazed. ' Didn't T ii'iw, Nfboopn r' Iip repented in n wheedling Inup, spreading out bis bmid-i and louring, with his bend on one sidf liken jui'k da iv. ' T iVm'l. kiiiiw,' shi- roiilii-d, 'wasn't it sold already ': ' Sold !' lm said sharply. ' Who to V 'The old gentluiuiin— him Unit wanted the yellow-bust. He took it away ou a fly.' ' Dear, dear '. To think that I. should havo f-ir;rotlmi. So it was ; so it wii.'.' Tlion he chuckled, wiped his watery eyes with a grimy r,ilk handkerchief, anil, resuming his blandest, manner, at,sured me tl-.at. otliorwiino ho would rnrlniiily have lost over it : for ho could not havo refused soven pound ten from n particular friend of mine. It is hard to be angry with y oiir d owuright 'roguo ; ho is such an amusing creature. But my patience was ?well-nigh exhausted. Hotv | ever, it was needful to keep up tho semblance j of good humour, for I must find outwherotlie table hud gone. 0! course ho did not know ; but here tho girl was again helpful, having overheard the address given to tho cabman. Then Mr Isaacs proffered his services : but, finding I was bent on going myself, he turned around at once and said that would bs best. I don't think the gentleman's likely to part with the table,' he said , ' when bo's only just bought it. But you'll talk him over, sir, if any ono can. Ah ! you'd havo done well in my line— just tho' right way with you, and cunuin,' too.' Tho address given mo was only about a milo off. As I Knocked at the door of tho house, which was detached ami evidently well inhabited, I suddenly thought what an awkward business it was ; for I did not know tlio name. But here fortune favoured me for onco. While I was slowly taking out my card nnd thinking what excuse to mnke, an old gentleman came into the hall, and servant handed the card to him ; he glanced at it, looked up nnd said ; ' Kxcuso me, Mr, Marloy ; but have I the honour of speaking to the well-known artist r' I replied that I certainly was a water-colour painter, upon which he courteously invited mo to cuter, and took mo into a room where several of my earlier drawings hung ou the walls. Ho seemed quite proud and pleased, as if it was the most natural thing in the world that I should cull upon him, proffered refreshments and never thought of asking the motive of my visit. But thero wns no time to lose ; I looked round ; and there, sure enough w.n tho rich man's tablo in a recess. Having c'x' plained, I had at onco the opportunity of ex' uminiug it. As I had expected there was a narrow gup at the buck of tho drawers, through which anything flat laying at tho top might easilv slip into the body of tho table. But the draws would not come out, and there was no room for inserting the hand. I was in blank despair. To havo the top oil' seemed the only way ; but how could I propose this ? lomy great relief it was suggested that a cabiuet-maker should be sent 'for, and I in sisted on going myself, to save time. It was nearly an hour Ireforc I returned with man and tools ; and there were tho drawer* all out. Tho artificer evidently thought it very simple not to h.ive discovered ut once that they wero held in by a movable peg at the side. But thero was nothing behind thorn. This was n .shock: for I had felt sure of finding the ticket*. Dazed and confused, I mechanically took the wino and bisauits that wero now prossod upon me ; and indued I wanted them by this time. Tho mutter wa? too serious to admit vexation over such a smnl nlFnir us the somewhat foolish llgnro I made so I briefly apologised to the old gentleman for the trouble, given, promised to let him know on tho next day whether tho ticket. were found, und hurried off. Soon, however, I slackened my speed wimt need was there now for haste I' I fried to face tho situation on the worst side, aud re solve definitely what to do. It was hurdlj psssiblo the tickets could really bo lost ; but, if they were notfouud in time wo woro in the same plight— n very disagreeablo ono, to say the least. I had already boon compelled to borrow money towards purchnsing them : where could I look a second time for such help: Perhaps if I let them know at once, the owners of tho steamship would bo ablo to fill our berths nnd give us ptssngo in another vessel ; but I feared tho timo was too short for that. In any case I should havo to tolo graph to Australia, and also by somo mean? augment onr funds. Look which way I would, tliero wns nnnoynnco, humiliation and fresh outlay. It was not encouraging nt the outset of a now career ; and for ono moment, I trust no more, I felt angry with my wife, who hud brought all this upon mo. But, lifter all, it was my own fault ; I ought to have kept the tickets myself. In theso last bewildered hours my faculties had been so completely absorbed by ouo object tlmt everything else passed by, as tho scenery does when ouo is absorbed by a book in the train. Butvaguo recollections of things half been out of tho corner of tho eye— a sheet of wat sr, a castlo; an old mill — will como back to the intent render, and in tho same way I recalled tho strange demeanor of Isaacs ivhen I left his shop. AVus it my over-oxcited fancy, or had tho girl Jtobeeou hovered about tlio entranco aud camo forward as if to speak to me, whilo her father balked her bv stopping betweeu, chattering after the manner of his, and escorting me with superfluous politeness well into the street ? But if ho had found tho tickets, what could he gain by sending mo on such a wild gooso chaso and iool's errand. However, I went round by his shop nut\ found him standing at tho entrance. 'Well, Mr. Mnrley,' ho said, in respect fully sympathetic tones, ' I'm afraid you're hud no luck. As I seo you comin' along, I says to myself 'Mr. Marloy has had no luck,' I says.' ' Xo, Mr. Isaacs, I have not ; nnd I am seriously put about.' I bad resolved on my eouvr-e, and so continued : ' The fact is that somo papers wero left in that tablo which aro useless to any ouo but myself— our passago tickets. Thoy aro not there now, and I am afraid I shallliave to put a doteotivo to work.' ' Denr, dear ! AVhy not toll mo of it before:1 Seo what comes out of not bein' open and friendly. I remember now, thero wero somo old letters at tho back of ono of tho drawers. But lor' ! w' never tako notice of such tliiugs. Porhaps tlio tickets wns in one of tho en velopes.' I never felt so much inclined to striVo n savngo blow as at that moment. ' Why had ho not told mo of this ?' I furiously demuuded in fur moro emphatic words. 'Well,1 said ho, in a deprecating and mol lifying maonor, 'why not ask mo now ? You spoko of buying back tho table, and I didn't think of them. Tables is tables uud papers is papers. Whon gentlemen speaks of one thing, I wouldn't presoom to supposo thoy mean another.' 'Never mind,' I said: 'let mo havo afc oneo what you fouud.' He begun to shufllo and poke about, muttering tlmt ho was not suro where ho had put them ; Unit lie hud bought tbe table as it stood and supposed he had a right to what was in it ; that ho was n poor man and could not afford to dospiso money ; und so forth. At lnst ho appeared to givo up the search, wiped his face with tho griinv silk handkerchief, and said, regret full/: I 1 sliull get a raro scoldin' from Ilobckkcr I know ; sho wiid tho pnpers might bo worth something.' After a nunuto ho went on, as if to himself: 'I hopo I shan't got into trouble over it. Hut lor' ! all tho detectives in tho world couldn't find the pnpers if I can't.' It was clear flint tho old latcnl wus too many for me, and tliut my cocks would not fight. I saw thero wns only ono way, and suggested t'-atl should feel bound to pay for bis joss of timu hi hunting nji tho papers. Ho could }i:i\\-o n xovcivign fur them if fViimd to-night : nftor thut they would lio no uso to any one. ' That was more liko business,1 lie said ; but In- would have to put somo very impor tant iiu'tters aside. As it win, ho bud minimi an iipiiuiutniuur. Jf (he papers wore worth anything, they must, bo worth more than XI. If I hud olfi-rc'l £2, perhaps ho would not, grudge tin.- timo aud trouble. Finally wo ngrei.d upon tho mean sum, and Isaacs began to hIihHIo about again. 1 saw tlmt he was getting wnriu, warmer, hot, burning, ns Iho children say. Rudileuly hi- stolid glaring into n drawer to which, of course, ho had been working round. At that moment Hi-Louca came in from the street, uud ho turned upon her like a fury. ' Wliero's thuio papers 'f' lio cried, in a hoiiiae voice. ' How should I know'r' sho said. ' Where did you put them ':' ' In this drawer;' und then, recollecting himself, ' I couldn't remember at first, but now I'm certain of it. They was here this inornin', an' now it's empty.' ' Oh,' sho said, ' there was a lot of rub bish in there, and I suppose I burnt it all to gether.' It wns maddening. But hero was an end of anxious doubt, at all events. That vas a kind of relief, aud the frustration of Isaacs unholy greed was no small solnee. Now the strain was over I could almost laugh at his preposterous rage and the grotesque efforts with which ho mils bound to smother it after his lies and shamming. ' Naturally,' I remarked, ' you did not look to see what the euvelopo contained, or you would havo beensuretolct me know at once. But iu the name of all patriarchs, why did Miss Itobeeou burn it, when she had said that the contents might bo valuable r' Hero ho put iu promptly : ' You did say, Rebecca, that I should get a scoldin' from the gentleman, if they were lost ; didn(t you, now ':' Tho young woman gianced nt her father with that rather savage look I had observed before. Then sho said sharply enough : 'Perhaps the gentleman might fiud the tickets at home, after all. It's only a guess they wero iu the table. Very likely they were mislaid somewhere else ; and all this fu»s about nothing.' ' Well, well,' t-uid Mr, Isuucs. ' I won't say but what ho might. And if you don't liuvo no luck, sir,' turning to me, quite culm and bland again, ' I won't say but what we might find them yet.' So long us there was thu ghost of a chance of two pounds without labour ho was not tbe man to give it up. Wenried out and completely disgu«ted. I turned back to our lodgings. And whereas, when eu'ering them cheerfully I bad been suddenly confronted by trouble, it now hap pened that returning thither i.i despair I found myself literally faco to face with glad ness ; for Jo camo flying to meet me, waving a yellow envelope ! About uu hour after I had left her she had been surprised by tho announcement that Miss Isaacs wanted to .-,ce her, and still moro surprised when she received from tlint young woman the envelope eont-iiniug the passngo-tiokets, with two or three old letters that had slipped through iu the sama way. The poor giri, though agitated, was charac teristically discreet. She suid they were found only that morning, jit-it before the table was sold, ami had boon put by at the moment without examination. When I called, her father had smi-lt a rat ; but he was angry nt what he culled my ' cuunin,' thinking it highly presumptuous, no doubt, in an amateur like me to try t) get the bet ter of him, as he put it. II; knew perfectly well what I was after, and had no fear that I should buy tbe table back: moreover, he wanted an opportunity for seeing what thu papers were. Having 'isceitained — for the envelope was not fastened — ho naturally re solved on making rrofit by the find.' 13ut she knew how great our distress would bo nnd thought of the poor ludy nnd the dear littlo children sho had scon with mo. Might she kiss them'r This request was not, very kindly received by the objects of it ; fur Miss Rebecca wus not over-clean or tidy, and those great black eyes under the frizzy mop of hair wero frightening. But it could not be refused, and so Jo encouraged thorn by kiss ing Rebecca herself in tho fullness of her heart. Whereupon tho poor girl had cried and implored tho dear lady to keep her secret. We should bo off in a few days, and then it would not mutter. In the meanwhile she would havo to stand out that sho burned tho envelopes with a lot of rubbish. Her father was a good man, but in anxiety to make money for his own, ho sometimes for got the difficulties of other poople. And su sho went on her way, kissed and comforted once more. Rebecca will never forgot to her dying day that catholic embrace, which took in all her tawdry, unkempt frowsinoss. After supper wo overhauled tho other dis coveries. Thero wero two letters, twenty years old, records of a sa-1 family story, very dusty and yellow, in ine.tu-looking, old fashioned envelopes, with curved /lap and embossed flower. There, was also, which was more remarkable, a largo modern en velope, with bulky inclosuro, fastened and addressed in a slinky baud to Mr. George Coopo of the well-known firm of solicitors, Coopo k Grabham. This might bo of conse quence, so I resolved to deliver it ..myself next morning. I requested to seo Mr. Coopo on important business, imd being admitted explained to him tho remarkable circuin sbwecs under which the letter had coins into my hands. Whilo I was talking he opened tho cover aud glanced at the con teuts, giving mo a keen look from time to time. Then ho became quite cordial, asking me several questions about Mr. Gould and my acquaintance with him, until at length I told tho story of the visit in the yellow chariot.' ' It is to that visit, I suppose, ho alludes iu this letter. Tako a glass of wine, Mr. Marloy — and perhaps you hud butter read it yourself.' TJio letter was dated throo days after tho hist occasion when I hnd diuoil with tho old gontlomnn, himself, and only two days be foro ho died. It run thus : Deaii Mr. Cooi-ij : I will trouble you to substitute tho will cmlosod herewith for that which }-ou hold, and it may bo us well I should explain to you my rensima for tho change. Many years ngo I grontly desired to adopt as my heir a littlo buy for whom I had a strong nifection, the son of a worthy friend Mr. Marloy, tho engraver, but could not ob tain the consent of tho parents. Having lost sight of the fnmilyfor along time, I lately met my intended successor, and found, by inquiry nnd personal observation, that he is a clover industrious and highly respoctablo young man though poor. It would not I/O right com pletely to alter tlio disposi tion of my property ; nit I desire to givo him somo compensation, in accordance with th» terms of tho will, dated July 10, IS—, which I now send you. I hnvo tho honour toroiniiu, dear sir, your obliged, obedient servant, nicir.ir.ii Gould. I flattermysolf that I rose consiiWnbly in Mr. (.ioopo's esteem by tho preternatural calmness with which I inquired ufter the provisions on the new will. Of coiirso, ho mew it was only assumed. Hut. 1 wns sure ho honoured the assumption, for ho shook my hund kindly, expressed his groat satisfaction that all had como right, nnd his perfect con fidence that I should make a good usn of my good fortune I was to havo one quarter of tho net proceeds from (ho sale of Westfiold— a moderate computation, C'JO.IIIIu. Hardly necessary t« state that our bales wero brought buck fiom tho dock, whither they had been taken during my absence, and thai I gave no more drawing lessons, at least after a few mouths. For thoro was delay and snmn difficulty, anil wo had \a liv in Iho meanwhile. Thi-ibief point wai to Iiml the witui'ssi'S, Mr. Gould's butlir and a privnlo frii-nd ; this doiti- thr-iv wns little tiMithli-, for tho i-stutu was not. nil sold imvi.'t. And be fore C'hist.iniH I w-nsnluefo realize (he dreams of years by walking down Hcgent, slu'i-l, with Jo und buying whatever sho fancied. Among our first purchnseH wus a gold watch with chain of a florid pattern, which are proudly worn by Misfl Isaacs tn Ibis day. Two brown tomboys, us tall as myself nearly, keep house for mi- now iu uureut'tiigi- on tho Upper Thames. We have u boat and, punt, and half Iho year almost livo out of doors running 'up lo town for a month or two iu winter. I do a bit of sketching when tlio humour is on mo, but duu't troublit lnyeclf much about it ; and altogether Hfo glides on even moro smoothly than tho stream, that, stream to dear to tho miller's daughter, beside which we knew five years of perfect happi ness beforo sho passed that other river. I ought to mention tlmt my pictures on the walls, all well hung, attract less attention rt-juiehow thiu certain yellow scraps of printed paper, ugly things enough, but quaintly framed and glazed. When I tell tbe inquiring that but for them I should havo been iu Australia, if anywhere, they are puzzled by tbe seeming paradox, and reason must bo given. Having become very tired of rwpeating tho talc, I sot it down hero once for all. Friends will kindly accopt this explanation and Australian papers plciiBC copy. 