A ROMANCE. IN ONE ACT AND THREE SCENES. Scene I. — 'How do you like my biscuits, John,' asked a young wife. 'Tliey are excellent. Delicious in flavour, and as fight as your laugh.' ' Is the meat cooked to your liking ?' ; 'I am delighted with it. You can cook a great deal better than mother.' Scene II. — ' You are late, John, dear ; it is past twelve o'clock,' said the wife, as she helped her husband off with his overcoat. ' Yesh, darling, I was — bio — detained at ' ' Oh, never mind aqy apologies, dear ; I know something important must have detained yon, or you would have been home earlier.' Scene HI. — ' I saw a very handsome bonnet in Felt and Straw's window to-day, Mary, said a husband as he sat down to supper after re turning from his day's labour. 'Indeed!' said lus wife as she placed the savoury meal before liim. ' Yes, and I thought it would become your style of beauty.' ' But, Jolm, dear, I don't need another new bonnet.' ' Yes, you do. I had it put aside for you. The price is lodol. ' Here is the money. You can go and look at it. If it suits you, buy it ; if it doesn't suit you, buy one . that does at the same price.' ' Oh, John !' ' - ' No thanks, dear.) You are worthy of it.' Aged Negro— I is gwirie on er hundred an' ten years old. Interested Listener : Indeed ? Then probably you can recollect as far back as the first acts of Congress. Aged Negro : Yes, sah. I remember all 'bout de fus' of Congress. I ot ter recollickt it, because I's cut wood wid it when I wus so high. Yes, sah, dat wus afore you wus bawn, sah. You's er nice lookin' gemman, sah, and can't'you give de poor old man er nickel ? Medium : The spirit of your husband salutes you, Madam. Spinster (mat. sixty-five) : My husband ? (Giggling.) He, he! Why I was never married. Medium : Oil, yes you were. You and your affinity wero joined in Spirit marriage. Spinster (seriously) : What a. loss of felicity ! "Would we had met before he died. The Ghost (solus) : What a happy thing it was for me that I died so young. Farmer "Wayback — Putty cold thiamawnin', Mariah. Farmer Wayback's Wife— Did ye take a look at the thermometer? Farmer Wayback— No, I didn't have to. I tuk a look 'cross the fields an' I see Jem Deming'B tongue fastened to the hitchin' post. Farmer Wayback's Wife — Land sokes ! Where was Jem I farmer Wayback — Oh! Jem was right there with his tongue. She — ' I understand that you are one of the praying baseball players, and that_ you are studying for the ministry. In fact, J- am told you nave just been ordained.' He — ' It is true.' 'Are you going to take charge of a parish at once?' ' Well, I don't know. I have received a call to a mission church at oOOdoL a year ; also an offer from the Bostons to sign for 10,000dol. a year, and I havev been wondering whether I hadn't better devote a few more years to baseball praying before accepting a regular pulpit.' An austre looking lady walked into a furrier's recently and said to the yellow-headed clerk, ' I would like to get a muff.' 'What fur?' demanded the clerk. ' To keep my hands warm, you simpering idiot !' exclaimed the lady. That, precocious Ronckhockie youngster, Stephen Abbey by name, comes to tho front again. A few weeks ago a favourite uncle of the lad went away, to be gone for an indefinite time. Stephen thought the proper thing for him to do was to buy liim a present, and the object he set his young mind upon was a Bible. 'Ho has more than one Bible now,' said Stephen's mother. 'And he'll have another when he getsmine,' was the imperturbablereply. The Bible was purchased, -and then it was decided by the boy to write an ' appropriate' verse of Scripture on tbe fly-leaf. These were the significant words selected and written by Stephen: 'And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.' Ephesians, . vi., 4. Stephen's uncle, who is a man of family, was duly impressed. . - _ Mr. Smith : " Miss Edith, I love yon. "Will you marry me ?" Edith : "I am so sorry, 6ir, but lam obliged to decline the honour." . Mr." Smith (with " sudden -inspiration) : " For heaven's sake, Miss Edith, come away from that window. A storm is coming up. The light ning is' beginning to flash, and you are so at tractive, yu know." Edith (completely over- ' come) : " Charlie, dear, you may buy a ring." A lady who was accustomed to solicit for several charitable institutions, the other day met a well-known miser from whom she had never been able to extract a cent. During the course of the conversation the lady mentioned she had seen his portrait at theAcademy. "And you didn't ask it for a suhcriptiori ?" queried the miser, who was fond of his joke. ; " Oh, I thought it useless," calmly replied the lady, " the portrait is so thoroughly like you." Would-be Patron : What is the legal fare for ten blocks? Cabman: Dunno. If you want ter know anything 'bout law go ter a lawyer. 