Our Metropolitan Suburbs: Balmain & Pyrmont. In last issue we described and illustrated at considerable length the suburb of Balmain, but owing to press of matter we were unable to complete the article. We now continue our account of Cockatoo Island, and give an engraving of Mori's Dock and Engineering Works, an engraving which though of the first importance among illustrations of the industries of Balmain was inevitably crowded out last issue. Following this completion of our article on Balmain, is an illustrated review of the adjoining district of Pyrmont, NOT very long after the 'sticking-up' of the gold escort on the Bathurst road by Gardiner and his gang, to which reference was made in our last, an edict was issued by the Government that all prisoners who had 'done' more than fifteen years, and whose sentences were unexpired, should be offered the option of remaining in gaol or of clear- ing out of the country for ever. Gardiner elected to adopt the latter course, and shortly afterwards turned up in San Francisco, where he became the proprietor of an infamous gambling hell. With this place he was long connected. He died a miserable death some three or four years ago. At present Cockatoo gaol is only used for short-sentence men; and 'drunks,' and 'vags' have taken the place of 'old hands.' A small house, or hut, formerly stood on the beach, in which the records of the gaol were kept. They would furnish some in- teresting reading ; but the hut has now disappeared, and the records have all been carried off by curiosity-hunters. This seems a very great pity. Those old books should have been carefully preserved in our public library. The writer wishes to express his acknowledgments to Deputy - Governor Cotter for the courteous way in which he was received by that gentleman, who sup- plied him with much interesting informa- tion anent bygone days on Cockatoo. The veritable oldest inhabitant of the island is Mr. John Doran, for twenty- seven years connected with Fitzroy Dock as engi- neer and mechanic. Mr. Doran remembers the convict days on the island, and his stories of escapes, and anecdotes of criminal celebrities, etc., are well worth hearing. Mr. Doran's house, like all the old houses on Cockatoo, was built by convict labour, and of stone quarried on the island. A portion of the island was at one time set apart for the reception of girls of a cer- tain class, who were sent there to be 're- formed.' Then the island was re-christened, MR. H. B. MACINTOSH, TOWN CLERK, BALMAIN. and became 'Biloela' which is ' blackfellow' for female Cockatoo. The penitentiary has since been removed to Parramatta. Cockatoo is about a mile and a half in circumference, and contains at present a population of about fifty persons - exclusive of prisoners. Its principal object of interest, apart from its old associations, is the new dock which will shortly be opened. This dock is undoubtedly the finest in the Southern hemisphere, and will, when finished, completely put the nose of the Calliope Dock, of which the Aucklanders are so proud, out of joint. The new dock is calculated to accommodate the largest vessel afloat, being 600 feet long by 80 feet wide, with a depth at low water of 30 and at high water of 35 feet. It has already occu- pied about five years in construction, and something yet remains to be done. The pumping engine - a huge machine - can pump this leviathan dock dry in four hours ! Fitzroy Dock, which is close to the new dock, looks a mere baby for size compared with it. Anchored off Cockatoo Island is the training ship Vernon. The adjacent island, 'Spec- tacle,' is used as a Government powder magazine. The last of the group, Schnapper, or Snake island, has no history attached to it worth mentioning, and being very small, is uninhabited. We have referred to the attempts made by prisoners to escape, in the old times, from Cockatoo to the mainland. Such attempts would never be made now-a- days. Even were other conditions unaltered, the sharks, unknown about these islands forty or fifty years ago, now literally swarm in their vicinity, and even the boldest swimmer, the most desperate prisoner panting for liberty, would think twice about taking a header for the opposite side. 'I have seen,' said Mr. Doran to the writer, 'a big dog swimming over there, towards Balmain, and all at once I have noticed him disappear, then half of him would come up and float away, and in another minute that would disappear too.' Not very far away from Cockatoo is Goat Island, of which some queer stories are told. One desperate character was - so the old identities will tell you - chained to a rock in the centre of the island. He was so ugly a customer that it was not safe to ap- proach him, and his food was invariably handed to him on the end of a long pole. This man whiled away the time by screaming out strings of the most horrible oaths, and indulging in the most frightful profanity, redoubling his efforts whenever he thought anyone was within earshot. Opposite Cockatoo, but not in the direc- tion of Balmain, is Woolwich, where they point out a house which had at one time the reputation of being haunted. The place is more than half a century old, and for many years was untenanted in con- sequence of the uncanny stories related in connection with it. The ghosts having MORT'S DOCK AND ENGINEERING WORKS, AT WATERVIEW BAY, BALMAIN. vacated the premises, they are now occupied once more by mortals. Really some philan- thropic individual ought to try the experi- ment of founding a 'home' for 'spooks,' and thus put a stop to their getting into private houses and so depreciating the value of property. A view of Balmain cannot be complete without the works of the Mort's Dock and Engineering Company, Limited - undoubt- edly the foremost in Balmain, and second CAPTAIN BUNN'S HOUSE-THE OLDEST HOUSE IN PYRMONT. in size and importance to few in the colony. Our illustration gives a good idea of the works externally - an aggregation of wharves, cranes, chimney- stacks, and huge sheds ; but the picturesque and interesting details are only to be learned from personal inspection. Upon the fifteen acres over which the com- pany's works are spread, and under the multitude of smoke-begrimed iron roofs, every description of engineering tool and machine has a place. Iron in its liquid state comes spouting in a glowing white stream from the furnaces, and iron, moulded, turned, planed, drilled, and finished in every imaginable kind of completed shape lies about in a picturesque waterside confusion out of doors. At these works an iron steamer can be built and fitted, complete from keel to trucks; the multitudinous de- partments, from the painters' shop to the marine optician's, supplying everything which can be needed, with the single exception of the sails. To be systematic, one should begin an inspection of the works from the Snail's Bay jetty, near which stand the 'sheer legs.' These 'sheer legs' would be termed by an outsider a gigantic crane. They constitute a mighty tripod with tubular legs, and from the apex of these spindles hang chains ready to hold a swinging mass of 70 tons if need be. Of course, powerful engines for working this crane are attendant upon it; but in making a tour through Mort's Dock Works it is as well to disregard the cranes and steam engines, for they are legion, and there are other things more interesting. Adjacent to the 'sheer legs' is the 'cold saw.' It is an ordinary-looking circular saw of no especial frigidity, but it earns its name by cutting through cold iron. We saw it bisect a heavy girder, and were informed that it had cut 90 tons of cold iron within the last three months without apparently blunting its teeth at all. On this side of the bay lie several huge marine boilers - some new. some old - and between them broken and rusty propeller blades, cranks and crank- shafts, and fantastic masses of iron disused and corroding, waiting their turns to be re-melted. Near here are the patent slips, with their ponderous cradles, on which a ship of 2000 tons can lie, while a massive hydraulic ram draws cradle and ship steadily and easily up the incline to dry land. For vessels of heavier burden there is a dry dock; but wait! there are acres of sheds and machinery to traverse before you get to the dry dock. There are so many departments you begin to confuse them, but the internal details are more easy to remember. The long and lofty sheds are dark, but lit by forge fires here and there ; there is an everlasting clangour of hammers upon iron; there are machines cutting iron plates as you would cut notepaper with a pair of scissors; machines punching clean round holes through solid plates of red- hot iron; other machines drilling holes in iron, cold; rollers which will bend iron plates of an inch and a half in thickness; machines which will punch, and cut, and straighten iron all at once. There is no end to the machinery, to say nothing of the cranes and overhead travellers and levers and slings, for it must not be forgotten that most of the work here is too weighty for a man, or even a gang of men to handle. The lions of the place are: the 80-ton steam hammer, capable of giving what the Private Secretary might really call 'a good hard knock,' and a hydraulic rivetter which stands like the jaws of a whale projecting from the ground, and which can squeeze (when it is minded to nip) a rivet nearly an inch and a half in diameter into the desired shape. The machine shop is distinguished from the other shops, which are full of machines, by the fact that in it there is only just room to walk between the innumerable mechanical contrivances for planing, shearing, screwing and otherwise manipulating iron, while overhead is an intricate mass of driving belts and other gear. "When we visited the fitting shop a 17-foot lathe was engaged in facing down the ends of a massive pillar des- tined to support some part of the Australia Hotel; a stamper-rod for a quartz battery was on another lathe. In another place a silver smelter was in progress, a steamer's propeller was having a 'boss' fitted to it, and a steam rivetter was completing buckets for the huge harbour dredge now being built alongside the wharf. The iron foundry, the brass foundry, the steel foundry, the coppersmiths' shop, the pattern shop, the marine optician, the painters, the joiners, and the draughtsmen must be content with bare enumeration. Likewise the store where reposes iron in sheets and strips and rods and pipes waiting to be used; and other buildings full of cog-wheels, pulleys, shafts and sundries, heaped together like Vulcan's nursery cupboard full of iron toys. Above the joiners' shop is the floor on which the lines for a new vessel are laid out in natural size. Below, amid a smell of fresh cut wood, and the din of steam saws, may be inspected one of the most modern and ingenious of machines, a dovetailing machine turning out work with infallible accuracy and excellent finish. The joiners' shop ends the circuit, and brings us to the other side of the bay, close to the Waterview Ferry. Our last view of iron is a small epitome of the whole, for close to the exit lie stacks of ironwork in all stages from perfection to decay - the engines from the wrecked steamer 'Tweed,' pumping gear, parts of stamper batteries, rock drills, chains, iron doors, gear wheels, pulleys, pipes, columns, and fragments of iron of all possible shapes and weights, and for all conceivable purposes. It is impossible to visit these immense works (where even now over 1000 men are employed) without remembering the man who initiated them. The late Mr. T. S. Mort did much for Sydney when he em- barked his capital in this enterprise, but his name is also connected with a great number of good deeds, public and private, and the progress of the colony owed in its younger years a good deal to his honourable efforts. He was an important factor in the making of the colony's prosperity, and it will be long before he is forgotten, for his spirited public actions and his admirable character ensure for his name a lasting and grateful remembrance. To return to to-day and to Mort's Dock as it is, we must do justice to Mr. J. P. Franki, who has been for twenty years the popular and respected manager of these MR. C. T. SAXTON'S STEAM SAW MILLS. works. The magnitude of the operations conducted and the efficiency of every department in so extensive a concern amply testify to the success of his unceasing efforts, and to the discriminating use made of all modern engineering improvements. In concluding our chapter on Balmain, we have to express our acknowledgments to Mr. H. B. Macintosh, the popular Town Clerk, for much valuable information cour- teously furnished. An excellent portrait of Mr. Macintosh appears on page 14. 