"Othello" was repeated at the Academy of Musioon Saturday ovening before a very largo audience, which included a consider able number of country residents, who took advantage of the special railray facilities provided. The cast was altered from that of the previous evening, Mr. Geo. C. Miln appearing as Iago and Mr. G. R. Ireland as Othello. Considerable interest was mani feted in Mr. Miln's representation of the wily schemer who thirsted for revenge, but his conception, according to our idea, was far from perfect, although he carried itout' to the letter. In the scene in which Ingo succeeds in implanting thbo seeds of jealousy in Othello's breast, Mr. Miln was subdued, natural, and very effective. Miss Jordan again appeared to great advantage as Dea demona. 'the Othello of Mr. Ireland was a powerful and consistent performance throughout. A large measure of priise must be awarded to Mr. A.E. Oreenaway for the natural way in which he played Cassio. a part often, or perhaps it may be said usually, marred by over boisterousness in the drinking scene. Mr. Greonaway was singularly successful in avoiding this, and by the introduction of some effective and original businces materially improved upon it, as usually played. To-night, that Lost known of Shakspeare's tragedies, "Hamlet" will be produced. It was in this character that Mr. Mila made his first appearance on the stage, while, rduing his subsequent career as an actor, he has played it over 800 times. 1He has, we believe, given close and intelligent study to the port, and his delineation of tihe character of "the melancholy Dane" is said to be at once full of power and instinct with naturalness. Weekafter week the Melbourne Opera House was crowded by audiences wishful to see for themselves a performance of which the most cultured dramatic critica spoke so highly. Miss Louise Jordan's Ophelia has been most highly spoken of, while the Australasiaen classes it as the best interpre tation of the character yet seen on thei Melbourne stage. Mr. Ireland plays the King, Mr. Greenaway takes the part of Horatio, Mr. Douglass sustains the charac ter of Laertes, Mr. Hodson figures as Polonius, and Mr. Dobson is the Ghost. 