SERMON BY THE REV. J. E. HARRISON. At the Congregational Church on Sunday the Rev. J. E. Harrison preached from the following text:—“Is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptised iii the name of Paul ?”—1 Cor., 1., 13. alie rev. gentleman said?—“lu this epistle we have a very vivid presentation of the inter nal life of the Corinthian Church, to which it is addressed, and anyone who haa never made such a study would be surprised on reading the epistle to find how many abuses had crept into that community. But we must bear in mind the elements of which that church was composed.. The inhabitants of Corinth included freemen aud slaves, Greeks, Romans, and Jews, and there would be’gathered in the church those who had before joined in the service in the temple iu the Aciopolis, where lust was accounted a form of worship, together with-some who had drunk deeply of heathen philosophy, and others who, turning from the various forms of idolatry, had adopted atheistic creed, aud with these were mingled a number of Jews who had beeu reared iu the worship of Jehovah, the God of Abraham. Thus every new teacher who had touched the sympathies of oue class rather -than another iu the motley assemblage became the centre of a coterie, aud there opened up between the different sections of the church gulfs so broad and deep that Paul felt it necessary to employ towards these sectaries the scath ing wordß found in this epistle. To him there was only oue Read of the church, only oue centre of the life of the church, ouly one name which formed the bond between the members of the church. The Master was Christ, the centre of life was the cross, the name was that of Jesus. He asked —‘Is Christ divided ? Was Paul crucified for you ? or were ye baptised in the name of Paul. To him the whole church was the external embodiment of the life of Christ, aud indi vidual Christians were members of that body. ‘ The eye caunot say unto the hand, I have no ueed of thee, nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you.’ To Paul a divided church meant a divided Christ, aud this was au absurdity. And to any person who looks upon the church as the outward embodiment of Christianity in the world at the present day the same difficulty must arise. But to those who have rightly grasped the main purport of the coming of Christ, or who can distinguish between that which is merely external aud unessential and that which is internal and vital the division of the Christian church • into sects will be something like that of an army into regiments. It will allow play to individual idiosyncracies, and may further rather than impede the coming victory of of truth. But there is a more dangerous division that threatens to separate man who still would claim nn equal right to the name of Christian—not a separation of the sheep into different folds but under different shep herds, for although both would call the Master ‘Christ,’ yet'they are agreed only as regards His name, aud not with respect to that which is esseutial iu His personality. On the one hand is the great bulk of the Christian Church, ' adoring Christ as their Redeemer, accepting His' utterances as the voice of God and investing His person with the royalty of Divinity; on the other hand, are those who accept Him as au example, speak with reverence of His person, aud yet deny that He is divine, or that His works were miraculous. Our position with regard to the controversy is— Firstly, that no man has a right to accept the teaching of Christ and reject His miracles. Jesus came not to unfold a system of philosophy, but make a distinct revelation. He did not speak iu the tone of speculation, but of authority, and that which he appealed to as the proof of that authority was his works. He said, ‘lf I do not the works of my Father believe me not; but if Ido, though ye believe not me, be lieve the works, that ye may know, and believe that the Father is iu me and I in him.’ Then again, we have exactly the same evidence for His words as for His works. Take, for example, the narrative of the curing of the man who was born blind. He was taken before the authorities, aud they made a searching enquiry iuto the case. They called before them the man’s parents, who testified to his having been born blind. They were unable to deny the fact of the miracle and ouly called in question the nature of the power by which it had been wrought. How, either this narrutive is the truth, or it is a lie. It is too circumstantial to be either a myth or an exaggeration. If it is the truth, then we have the ' record of a miracle that was investigated; if it is a falsehood, it is a deliberate, one, and we must reject the whole Gospel in which it is fouud. We have no right with such a writer as Count Tolstoi to accept as authen tic the reported words of Jesus, and reject the record in which they are imbedded. Secondly, we contend that no man has a right to accept the teaching of Christ and re ject His divinity. Our reception of his teaching must, after all, depend upon our answer to the question—‘ What think ye of Christ? Whose son is he?’ If our reply be simply ‘ He was the son of Mary, the wife of a village carpenter,’ he will only have interest for us as au historical personage. We may record His name high upon the roll of the truly great men the world has seen; may mention him together with Plato, Socrates, Confucius, Pythagoras, Zoroaster, Moham med, Abraham, Moses, Paul, Shakespere, and Miltou, but this is all. But there are diffi culties in the way of our doing this. There is a spiritual power iu the very name of Jesus, in the story of His life, iu the repeti tion of His teaching. In the battle of free dom and civilisation against slavery and cannibalism, the men who are fighting in the van are those over whose head waves the banner of the cross. Men separated by all the barriers Of class distinction, color, race, aud language, are drawn into such loving sympathy by the name of Jesus as to say ‘ All we are one.’ When Jesus was on the earth He called Mutthew from the receipt of custom, Peter and John from their boats and nets, severed the tie between sods and parents, aud called on a man to ‘let the dead bury their dead’ aud to follow Him. The same thiDg is being repeated to-day. Men who were greedy misers are laying their money bags on the altar; men who were absorbed in business are making it their first concern to seek His kingdom; home ties are being riven for the spread of His king dom; women rise out of the mire into which, through their own sin or frailty, they had been troddeH, and follow Him iu the beauty of holiness; and men in whom all true mau hood seemed to have died become new men in Christ Jesus. And all this is being done by the personal power of Christ, or at any rate by by belief in this. His teaching and personality are so interwoven that they cannot be separated. No other public teacher who has received honor from men has ever made so much of himself. Other prophets said, ‘ Thus saith the Lord,’ Jesus Baid ‘ I say unto you.’ Mohammed took care tb de clare that he was but a prophet of God. When we contrast his oft repeated statement ‘ Allah is one and Mahotnmed is His prophet,’ with that of Jesus, ‘I and the Father are one,’ we would say that unless Christ were indeed divine Mohammed was the better man of the two, he would have shrunk back appalled at the blasphemy, which Christ often repeated if He was uot really the God-man. Either Christ’s divinity was a reality or God chose a most unsuitable man for his prophet, for to say the least, His utterances were so ambiguous that after ISOO years of study of them the great bulk of the Christian church sees in them a declaration of his oneness with God. If this claim were con tained in one passage or iu any group of statements the evidence concerning the authenticity of whieh differentiated from that of the remainder' of His teaching, we might consider it a simple matter of Biblical criticism which only students could decide. But .this assumption underlies the whole of His teaching, permeates all His utterances, and is implied in. the sayings of Christ, which have the most overwhelming evidence of authenticity. There are two rites in con nection with the Christian church, and theee can be traced back to the very earliest days, aud both of these have embalmed in them, like a fly in the amber, sayings of Christ. The one‘is. the Lord’s supper.. We are told that he took bread aed; said—‘This is my body,’ and wine, and said, ‘This is my blood,’ and the evidence that He spoke these words is iu the continuance of the Lord’s Supper to the present day. But they would be uumsauing if Christ were a mere' man, and the Jews might well ask, ‘How can this man give us his flesh to eat?' ! The very quarrels in the Christian church over this sacrament, dating back as they do to such early days, bear testimony to the fact'that these words were spoken. Chris tians have disputed over whether the bread should he leavened or unleavened, in a wafer or separate piecos, whether the wine should’ be mingled with water or uot, whether one e,iement or both Bhould be administered to I the laity, whether the bread really hecomes the body of Christ or not; but they have never called in question that He said •This is my body.’ And bapti sm a ] ’ bears witness to a saying of Christ which assumes His divinity. The church was divided.over whether infants or adults should be baptised, whether sprinkling or immersion .should be the mode of administration, but there has been no dispute within the church as to whether or not Jesus said, ‘Goy e therefore and make disciples of all nations baptising them into the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ’ When we remember that Jesus was accus tomed to use the title of Sou as applying to Himself when He spoke of God as the Father, we are shut up to’ one or other con sideration —either Christ was divine or He was guilty of the most terrible blasphemy. This becomes apparent the moment we try to substitute the name of any man, however holy, for that of the Son in this baptismal formula, or ask with our text the question ‘ Were ye baptised in the name of Paul?’” ’ 