NEW PUBLICATIONS. The December issue of the Centennial Maga-<*> zine is a "special holiday number," and cou[?]-<*> quent[?]y contains more light reading than usual. Several short stories are included, all of which are of interest. One of the best is "The Oastsway of tbe Barrier," a novelette by David O. Falk, which is cleverly and dramati cally told. "My Wife." by Mrs. Percy E. Meggy, is a story full of pathos; while E. Maybew Brissenden's "Mordeoai" is a tale which contains a good deal of humor. Rolf Boldrewood's novel, "Nevermore," ia ad vanced a stage farther. Amongst tie other sketches are ? story for children by E. " Ana tralie" Heron; entitled "The Sbephstd'a Blessing;" and "One Alone," by Edits Lamb. Included in the articles awe some rpmini?O?n<yn of "Melbourne in the fifties," by Mr. James Smith, in whioa be gtvea some pleasantly narrated recolleatioDa of Oat period. Another, on "Australian Ghosts," by W. O. Hodgkin?on. is very read able, as also ia "The Art of Wooing." by W. Lowers and F. C. Oowle. The poetical con tributions occupy a considerable spaoe, and are of a meritorious nature. "In. QhQdUnd'' consists of a trio of uttractive little poems by Gilbert Parker: while the others comprise "Apollo," by F. Armstrong; "lave and Sympathy." by Howard G. Cogblan; "The Praying Mantis,"by Louisa A. Meredith; "A Bunch of Flowers," byEverardDigby; "Love and Ambition*' by-E.J.T. and "Suspense" by Frances Tyrrell Gilt The only article of a> purely solid character is "Tbe Churoh and Modem Thought," by H. G. Jackson, M.A. The writer deals with the Oborch of England, which be urges should be teoonrtnioted so as to form s> " national church,*1 with a " distinctly national element" pervading its now for mnlaiiea. He affirms that" the embodiment* of the Churcb'a teaching and worship mart be replaced, so soon as they may be safely re placed, by other embodiments; embodiments which may more folly satisfy became they express more adequately the higher thought of tbe age—because their language ia more generally intelligible to the people at large. And," he says, "as I study the new learning of this nineteenth century in its riie and progress, as I compare our period with earlier periods £ cannot loee heart; I find every reason for encouragement and hope. Toers are not wanting the rigna which tell ns at plainly as they can that we sure on the ere of another reformation," The magazine contain* some excellent illustrations, the frontispiece bung a representation of the stained glass window in the Centennial Hall, Sydney, while tbe whole number is well worth reading. Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Co. have sent as a copy of a cheap reissue of "How I Lost £250,000 in Two Years." by Ernest Benzon, the Jubilee Plunger. The volume contains all the matter which appeared in the original edition, which, aa may be remembered, was sold at 10s. The experiences of this Napoleon, of gamblers have been co fully outlined in our columns that further description would bo supererogatory. It will be appropriate, how ever, to recall tbe suggestion et tbe Lsndo? Daily Jftwt that ibis ptecbus volume should be bound in Christmas coven for yonths and placed on the prize-list of Sunday schools. Tbe author may have had some idea of tilts sort in his mind when he dedicated his book to "all parents and guardians" in the hope that it might lead them to deal intelligently with toe "helpless children committed to their care." All the moral he himself was able todedose from bis misfortunes is the folly of keeping children with expectations too short of pocket money. When Mr. Benzon found out jost before attaining his majority that he possessed a large fortune the shock was too much for him, and he made the money fly "in two yean," It was a truly phenomenal feat of pecuniary dissipation, and anyone may leant the deUUs by the investment of a florin. 