POETRY. LOVE AND DEATHI. . THm hills rise high.behind the towrn, The slopes halve put' epring's mantle o? ' The young buds, raising eyelids:brdowFi n,:' A greening world begin to con.!':: :: A. maid and a man sit side by side : On a grassy bank where the wild iloucra bido, And she looks in his'eyes as is iaaide .i ill, When ripples down in her heart tliohe thrill Of the river of lo e, in whoso bright wateri Fear arnd care and the dark will drown,: That brings a joy to earth's fair daughters, And makes theim ever sing love's renown; : And thus she sang as the sun went down. In golden light, inpurple glory, SThe sun goes down in the shining wetst As a warrior going into rest, : Wrapped in tho war flag bright iand gory; : Yet ever comes again and again, 'Rising out of the eastern main,. .: :;: Boefore him driving the imorning mists, ,.: That fleOe with the lhosts. Of fisidnight ghosts, Whlen the cock crows loud, and day .is dawn; ing. lHe goes and comes; blut Love'will com, And still Will stay in the hiea't that is teu, Rousing and warming the lifoethat is numnb,? Waking it p to a world. thatis new-,r .: : Out of darknessinto light; For over all nmen Love hiath might • And in the soul of true' endcmiour Ever stays, and is fair fore over. Love is conquei'ror ove all i .'::; - On a cliff that stands at the shore of th6e se Whore wild waves lash, and wild.winds. blow, ' Whileelouds across adun sky flee, .,.. .And jogs of the lightning fltish 'id go, As the storm.flend:sings-so loud aod free The song of the tempest, the song'of thie see, "Whose verds of fear no man can know.,. * Full of sorrow and despair, WVhile gusts dishevel her goldon: hair-' A' maiden stands in vestments white,:. : That shine in the Ilashes and gleams of light, That rendthe sky ' YWhen the storm is highl, And the air is filled with 'the vildv' sea spume ; She sings in a voice so shrill and clear ,: ' The very storm-birds stay to heir i - A moment gliding on outatretehled minig, To hear, as it seems, the storm:queen' sing, Tlhen away, again, into darkness drear. O Dnleath, who rulest the darkilAde dreiary, Thy seeptre lightning; thy thiono'a tomb, Lone in a lonely land and weary, : Hero I wait thee, nor comes my doom ! Mid storm and night, by tempests toit, The good ship, strained .by wind mud billow, Down in the depths of the sea was lost, And the choral now is my lover's pillow; And sea things strange aboreo?ad around him Divide thue water, and pass and come, But the lips I kissed are dead and dumb, The lips that told me the love that bound him; And I Idved him, loved him, loved him. O lover mine, to thee I come ' Out of the wide world's whirr and hum The world that, ro-kless of woe and pain, On, rolls on to the goal and gain, And cares no wshit for theeo or me. Take me to the whirling soea' ' Into thy bosom my body I fling, For life is a wortliless, wbrthliss thing, Now my lover is lost to. me. Lover mine, I come to thee ! J, STv LEeRoaaRT?SO.e 