The Poisoned Ken °f Pttdua. Another delightful relio of the life and times of the tyrant of 1'adua is a fiirapl°jkcy about the size of an ordinary door key, It was the key of the duke's library in liia privato room, When ho wanted to get rid of any of his quite or any person in his household that ho had bitter feelings against ho used to ring his bell and ask for Mr, John to bo sent to him --fancy name, of course-and when John entered the duke would Bay ' Oh, John, I wish you would go to the bookcase in my privato room and bring me the ' Dagonot Ua'lada.'" '! Certainly your grace," Mr. John would say, and then away ho would trot with the key in liia hand, .\Yhon he got to the library he would put the key in the lock of the bookcase and turn It. But directly he turned it, out of the key shot a long, pniBoncrt needle, which stubbed the hand of the holder, and instantly shot back again, John would drop the key and say, " What the deuce was that-?" He would look .at his hand and see only a small, davlc blue spot. He would think nothing of it, hut all of a sudden ho. would begin to feci queer tn Ida head, Presently some ono would como in and llnd him in a fit on tho floor, and the household, would be alarmed. " 1 * ' .. Mr. John has had a stroke; or a fit," tho people would say, ' | A doctor would be flent for, butbls Borvicos would bo of no avail. In twenty-four hours Mr, John would ho dead, and ovorybody | would think tbnt ho had died in a-flt. There 1 were no bothejing coroncrsMnqucslain thoso days to upset the plana of clover fellows like the Duke Francis. " Glarisa," writes to ask,"' What fa the beat ago for matrimony ??" .j - That depends, Glarisft, Wo can hardly pre ecribo without seeing the patient, "Fdr some girls wo should answer: " Novor j" for others: " The agent which you' get the flrst chance," "-Wliy doyou slmkn yonr head so despond ently, my friemH" nuked ft good brother at the carap«meeting, I'm afraid there la mighty little hope for me," replied tho periitent, brokenly, " I've been an organiBor of brass bands for twenty* .five,years." . ^ p _ ; . I can't say thatTm Btuok onSuo I'itz* porcy," xy marked Amy, " Sho Is liable to 'fly off tho. handle," "Yes," replied Mildred, mildly correcting herfriemVa slang. " I too have observed her tendency to Uisassooiate herself, from the hilt witu winged celerily," . t* I wonder tbat you dare to,take so great a risk rb going up in a balloon," said a young lady to an raioimut. ^ «. There ia but liltld risk, Miss;, hi going up,"-replied the man of highflying j ,f it ia' the coming down that gives us tbo greatest anxiety." A cat Hint plays the piano is . said to be the latest wonder, Tho. creatine's ex-, bibitions artrin no way remarkable, bowerer, wben merely to bang away at the koya is termed, as it is now, playing ; tho cat who could not be taught to do as well as that ought to bo shot, "Dicl the close reaemblanoe between a. ghost and a balloonist over strike you ?" asked the Snake Editor, "No," replied the Horse Kditor, *' llow do they resemble each other i" - * " Wvill, a balloonist is an roronaufc," r - ? Yes ; but what is a ghost J" " It's an airy nought, too." Patron' "I wonder wby a beard.doesn't grow on my face." - Harbev; "I don't know, Perhaps/the causa ij hereditary." " 1 don't think so, My father bad a mag' niJiieent board.' : ; - " I'otbaps HO, bat your mother hadn't, I know her well." " And so you. have brought my' beautiful Alp.'xmso home, have you, like an honest man, instead of keeping bim yourself, a3 you nr^ht easily have dono?" said the lady aa she fondled the poodle, " Were you nob strongly tempted to keep the dailiug 1 creature?'1 " No mum," replied the incorruptible man, na ho pocketed the reward. *' It weren't no temptation. I couldn't have fiold Itig hide or a shilling at this season of the year, mum," Seedy Party (to barman) ; " Gimme a gin ilzz." JUIUIAN : " Yes, sir. Do you want it ex tra ii/.xy ?1 SEUDY PAIITY : " No, extra glnny." An exchange saya we have n right to talcc nn umbrella or a kiss without permission wherever wo can. Well, but. if the urobrel 1A isn't returned the fault is ours } if the kisa isn't it i-s the lady's. 