THE RECIDIVATE, A MELBOURNE ROMANCE. BY DAVID G. FALK. Author of "The Australians," Ac. All Eights Reserved. PART III. Chapter VI. That interesting invalid Mr. Valentine Skil- licorne, lying on a bed of sickness, presented an edifying spectacle of irritability and selfish fear it would have been difficult to find surpassed. To his constant friend and ally, Mr. Augustus Flobbs, the vagaries of tho sick man were more patent than to anybody else, for in his presence Valentino felt himself at liberty to lay aside even the slight restraint he still maintained over himself before Lucrecc and Evelecn. It must have been a feeling of very great de votion on the part of Augustus that caused him to stick faithfully to his post, for it certainly could have been anything out pleasant to have to minister to the alternate quernlousncss and imperiousness of the afflicted Vnlcutine. But perhaps Mr. Flobbs saw in the course of action lie was pursuing a means of impressing Eveleen with a sense of his devotion, which his natural bashfulnc8s would not permit him to demon strate in any more direct form. On the evening following that on which the events narrated in the lastchaper took placo he was in attendance as usual by the bedside of his friend. Valentine happened to bo in a particu larly depressed state that evening, so much so that his ordinary symptoms of fear and ill tem per were intensified, and, if it were possible, more apparent than over. "I wish you wouldn't sit thero like a stone mummy, Flobbs," ho broke out fretfully, not ten minutes after that gentleman's arrival. " It giveB mo the horrors to look at you. Why don't you say something?" "I didn't think you wanted to talk," an swered Augustus tranquilly. "Didn't think I wanted to talk. What a fool you are, Flobbs. Do you think I'm mad or what ? Am I going to lie here all day long and never open my mouth for you ? What do you mean V You're an ass." At this rebuke Sir. Flobbs'a face grew some what grave, and he seemed on the point of uttering some hasty expression, but he restrained himself, and answered calmly enough. "Don't call me names, Mr. Valentine." " Then what do you go aggravating me for ?" said the invalid pettishly. "I won't lie sat and stared at. I won't be frightened out of my life. If it wern't that I consider those about mo more than I do myself, I'd die — that's what I'd do." "Oh, no you wouldn't," interjected Augustus soothingly. "I tell you I would. What do you know- about it, I should like to know. I toll you I'd die, and then there would be an end of it olL I'm frightened out of my life as it is. You don't know—how should you ? but I'm terrified out of my life. I'm miserable every minute of the day. I wish I was dead, I do and incre dible as it may appear, Valentine— the magnifi cent, tho dignified, the majestic, grovelled abjectly on the bed and burst into tears. The timid Mr. Flobbs regarded this spectacle of humbled majesty with a great deal of embar rassment. Acting no doubt from the kindest impulse, though a mistaken one, ho offered Valentine first a medicine bottle, then a hair brush, and finally a bundle of newspapers, as a means of consolation ; but fimiiug that his advances met with no encouragement, lie stood with the papers in his hand, gazing mutely at his overcome companion. "A man can't even die in peace, "moaned tho Invalid, wriggling his body in a peculiarly abject manner. " I feel I haven't long to live, and yet I'm terrified out of my life. What liavo I done that my last dying moments should be made miserable ? I don't care what he says — I won't stand it. I've been used to tho best of everything all my life— and here I am terrified to death. I won't stand it any longer." Uttering theso enigmatical expressions, he suddenly sat up in bed and eyed his companion with a wild look. But catching eight of tho papers Augustus held in bis hand, he fell back on the pillow, and exclaimed feebly. "Is there anything raoro about it?" "About what?" "You know what. About — the— the— sui cide." "No j nothing. I only brought you to-day's papers because I thought they'd amuso yon." "Then what do you go frightening the life out of mo for? Do you want to kill mo? I believe you do. Whcro's Lucrecc? Tell her I want her. I won't be terrified out of my life by you or anyono else. Go and call her, do you hear. Tell her to come here." "Miss Skillicornu is out, I believe." "Everybody deserts me," whined Valentine, wiping away a few pitiful tears. "I'm on my deathbed, and oven my sister goes away and leaves mo. I wish I'd nover seen her ; I wish I had never come to Australia. I wish I was dead, I do. Everybody's against mc." If Evolecna bad seen him then, so utterly contemptible in liis cowardico, surely her admir ation for him must bavo toppled suddenly down ; if Lucreco had been a witness to his pitiful outbursts of selfish fear, surely oven her sisterly heart must have been filled with con tempt instead of love. But luckily for Valen tine and his reputation neither was present ; it was only tho modest Mr. Flobbs who had tlio privilego of assisting on theso occasions when the emotional invalid became a prey to tlio despondency of the moment. On the noxt occasion of Augustas paying him his usual visit he exhibited still greater signs of terror and inquietude. Ho had had a relapse, not perhaps in reality of a very serious nature, but 0110 in His mind that threatened a speedy and fatal termination. Ho looked haggard and woebegone, and in his appeaiance there was hardly a shadow of that magnificence that had formerly been bucU an impressive characteristic in him. As Mr. Flobbs entered he started up in bed and broke into a torrent of excited speech. "I won't stand it any more," he exclaimed, brandishing his arms violently. "I'm on my deathbed, and I won't keep silent any longer. I can't die in peace with it on my mind, terrify ing me 'till I ,dou't know what to do with myself. He frightened me, and I've kept silcut until I'm almost mad. But I don't care for him now. I want to die in peace." "Hush !" said Augustus, gazing at him with a look of apprehension. "Don't shout like that, you'll alarm your sister and Miss Vnrty." "I don't care ; let them hear if they want to. I won't keep silent any longer. He's a convict —an escaped convict." Augustus looked as if he was about to run from the room, evidently under the impression that Valentine had lost bis senses. In his timidity he skipped with great agility half-way to the door, but feeling comparatively safe there, turned round and said soothingly, "Never mind, Mr. Valentine; lie down and bo quiet." " I tell you lie's a convict, an e?caped convict from New Caledonia," cried Valentine. "He's a thief — a robber— a murderer." In his excitement he rose from the bed, and holding the bedclothes around him in a way that under other circumstances would havo looked ridiculous in the extreme, made a step towards Augustus. Mr. Flobbs, with a face growing paler and paler, retreated nearer to tho door as the other advanced, and was about to rush out and alarm the household, when tho sight of Valentino collapsing on the bed, with his big white face alone discernible among t tho heap of dishevelled bedclothes, stayed him. "Don't go, Flobbs," said Valentino weakly, from among the bedclothes. " Will you lie down if I stay ?" said Augustus, from his post of vantage. "Yes; yes. Don't be a fool. Come and put the bedclothes straight." Augustus advanced cautiously as far as tho middle of the room, when a convulsive move ment of Valentino's big feet, sticking out from underneath the blankets, put him to instantane ous flight. But seeing that it was nothing further than an effort on the part of the invalid to cover his chilled extremities, he regained sufficient courage to approach and set about straightening the tumbled bed. "Do you hear me, Flobbs?" cried Valentine. "He's a convict— an escaped convict." " Who is?" "Who? Eanq — that robber— that thief." Augustus glanced nervously at tho door, as if ho meditated escape a second time. "Don't be an ass;" exclaimed Valentino in a tone of weak frenzy. "Do you think I'm mad, or what ? I toll you I've kept silent long enough, and I'm not going to die with it on my mind. I tell you he got me by threats to watch that man — that drunken wretch — he kept locked up, and that both of them were convicts. He told mo so— that Tavadore— in his drunken fits ! Even the timid Mr. Flobbs could sec that there was something more than an invalid's frenzy in the words of his companion. "Yob, I tell you ho is a convict. He got mc to watch that other one. That Eanq — that villain — ho was trying to kill him with brandy. Ho got me to watch him ; but ho didn't know I understood French. Here, Flobbs, listen ho said in a terrified whisper; "I toll yon, if ho didn't murder him he tried to. He used to lcavo a fiosh bottle of brandy In the room every day. They were both convicts, and he wanted to get rid of the other so as to destroy all trace of what lie himself had been. They both escaped from New Caledonia together. Tavadore told mo all in his drunken fits. It was a horrible story ; and that drunken wretch, I shall never be able to forget him and his shrieks and curses. " The impressionable invalid uttered a howl of desperation at the thought of being haunted by the ghost of tlio departed Tavadore, which bo startled Mr. Flobbs that he jumped from his seat and looked round with an extremely pale face. "Sit down, Flobbs, and don't bo snch a fool," cried Valentine, His fear giving way to a momen tary burst of anger. " What have you to bo frightened about? You haven't got a villain liko that Eanq dogging you like I have. You haven't got tho face of that drunkard grinning at you from every corner. Sit down. There's tho girl. I want to tell you about her." " What girl ?" "What an ass yon are. What girl? Why; Miss Masters, of course. What other girl is there ?" "Miss Masters! What of her?" "There's a plot against her," ho said, relaps ing again into cautious whispering. "That villain Eanq is trying to marry hot. She is entitled to property, and Eanq has got tho papers that show it. Ho found them in an old hut in a placo called Karradindy, when ho and Tavadore were making thoir way overland down to Melbourne. They were hidden between two of tho planks that formed tho walls, and in pull ing one of them out to make a fire Eanq found the papers. Ho is following hor up now that the other one is dead, trying to gain possession of her. I'vo kept silent long enough. He can do what ho like3 ; I'm not going to die with this thing on my mind. I don't know who she is, but she's not Masters'? sfcter. Sho's entitled to a lot of property and that dammed Eanq is trying to get it." " Goodness gracious! Mr. Valentine!" ejacu lated Augustus. " This is very strange and terrible." " I know it in. It's been on my mind for weeks, frightening the lifo out of me. Eanq would murder me if he found out I knew about it. He'd think nothing of murder— he's moro a devil than a man. But I don't caro ; I'm dying and won't keep silent any longer. He's trying to got that girl into his clutches ; and when he's got the money I believe he'd murder her too." It was doubtless his abject fear of the French man that led Valentine into a little excusable exaggeration. But if he exaggerated, his manner was such as to impress liia companion with the conviction that there must be somo truth in what ho said. Augustus started from his chair with a palo face. "Mr. Masters must know of this." "When aro you going?" cried Valentine in sudden fear. "Don't leave me, I don't feel safo by myself. For God's Bake I don't tell any body. It will como to that villain's cars and he'll murder mo." "I'm going to tell Mr. Mastere," eaid Augustus, firmly. "No.; no.. You must not let anybody know a word about it. I told you because it's on my mind and I couldn't keen it to myself. But don't go. Wait till I'm dead, and then tellhim. I shall bo murdered, I know I shall," Ho was in such a etato of abject fear that ho could not restrain from tears. Ho actually blubbered aloud in his pitiful fright. Alaa for hia former magnificence — whoro was it all gono to now ? Even Mr. Flobbs was shocked out of liis usual reticence by tho other's overwhelming selfishness. "What," ho said, in tonc3 of disgust, "Knowing this, you'd keep it to 3oursclf. You must have a bad heart, Mr. Valentine, ft very bad heart. Would you let that poor innocent girl bo deceived and become the tool of a wicked man, just because you are frightened for your self ! Goodness gracious mo ! If anybody had told mo I wouldn't havo believed it; I really wouldn't. It makes me quite hot to think of it. You must be very base indeed, Mr. Valentine. Damn it, you muss." Mr. Flobbs actually swore. He who never indulged in anything stronger than a mild "Goodness gracious !" actually gave utterance to on oath; and that too with every sign of meaning it. If there was any proof wanted of the strength of his indignation, there could not have been a better ono than that. Ho must have been very much roused indeed to have so far departed from his usual quite method. "I'll go at once," ho said detcnnindly. "No; no," urged Valentine. "Somo other time." But Augustus was already at the door. "I won't be loft alone," whined Mr. Skilli- cornc. " Where's Lucrecc ? Where's Eve- lcena? Send them up. I won't be left like this, frightened out of my life. Send Lucrecc up," he bawled (very loudly too, by the way, for a dying man) after tho retreating Mr. Flobbs. "Tell her I want something to eat. Toll her I'm dying. Tell her I'm dead and perfectly overcome by mingled fear, aggravation and ex haustion, he fell back on his pillow and indulged in a fresh burst of tears. Mr. Augustus Flobbs, hurrying towards the little cottago on Emerald Hill, presented ft very different appearance from what he did in ordi nary. His usual deliberation, not to say slow ness, was completely set aside for the nonce; his little legs moved more rapidly than they bad done for many a long day. He buret into the cottago in a state of intense excitement, pre senting such a picture of agitation and flurry to the startled orbs of tho worthy Mrs. Jorcs that that good lady went off then and thero into repeated fits of almost hysteric gruniings. Luckily Philip was in tlio house and alone. Ho was busy writing, but pushed his papers away as Augustus entered. To him Mr. Flobbs related what had taken place, giving word for word as well as he could remember the particulars of Valentine's confi dence. The excitement on his own faco was nothing compared to the 6taitlcd gloatn that shot across Philips as he listened. His interest and excitement wero intense ; but he restrained himself with an effort until the other had finished. Then ho sprang to his foot with a mighty oath, and seized his hat. " Come, on, " he exclaimed ; " I must see him myself. I'll hear it from his own lips." Together tho two made their way to Olympus House at a speed that disorganised Mr. Flobbs more than ever. His little legs had to move with such rapidity in order to keep up with Philip's lengthy strides that by the time they had reached the school their posssessor was as red in the face as n respectable middle aged bachelor could possibly be. Taking thoir way upstairs, they entered Valentine's bedroom. Tho afflicted invalid was in the same depressed condition as whon Augus tus had left him. Indeed, he exhibited so much dismay at Philip's sudden appearance that it was all the latter could do to make him enter on the topic of Eanq again. For some time so great was his fright he flatly refused to open his mouth ; but in tho end, by tho Aid of alternate threats and promises that he should bo borno harmless, ho was induced to disclose what he knew. Philip learned very little more than what Augustus had told him. Valentine had been able to understand only a part of the thieves' aryot , in which the unfortunate Tavadore had uttered his wild ravings. Who Rick really was he did not know in tho least, but that Eanq had In his possession papers that would lead to her identification, of that he was certain. Tavadore bad repeated it over and over again. How the papers had been discovered, that he told Philip too, as Tavadore had told him. Tlio two escaped convicts had camped in the hut, and ou tearing down portion of the ruined wall wherewith to make a fire, had lighted upon tho documents thrust in between two of the planks. The mystery was solved then. The drunken saddler, dead so many years, must havo con cealed papers relative to tho true birth of Rick in tho hut which he had occupied during his stay in tho township. Ho had, perhaps, put them there for safety, meaning to make uho of them at some time, and in tho delirium that had ended in his taking his own lifo had forgotten them. Sundry wild expressions he had made use of, sundry hints as to a secret came back to Philip's mind after the lapse of years. Yes, it was all clear to him now, and also the desperate game Eanq had been playing in prosecuting their acquaintance and in endeavoring to win the young girl for his wifo. His terrible out burst of rage at being fulled way a proof in point; tho letter Mr. Ellicourt had received was easily explainable, too, on those grounds. In King, Eanq had seen a probable lover ; it was his policy to remove him. That other fact of Itanq's being a convict — an escaped New Caledonia r/cidivixtc— came with a shock of surpriso and horror to Philip. That he — a man uyod with crime, a felon, perhaps a murderer — should havo boen allowed to contaminate Riok with his presence, that lie should havo wooed her, persecuted her, seemed to Philip so tcrriblo that for a moment, in his thoughtful care for her, ovory other considera tion disappeared. But a throb of fierce joy roso in his breast with tho consciousness that his knowledge of what this man had bcon would help him in the future. It would give him a hold over this escaped convict, it would liolp him to regain those papers which at all cost now ho was determined to possess. A word from him, and Kunq would be consigned again to that island boll from which he had escaped. Inspired with theso thoughts, though prompted by no particular plan further than a determination to show tho Frenchman and convict the power he held over him, and to ondcuvor to get the papers from him, Philip without loss oftimo sought him out at tho hotel to which ho had removed. But his inquiries wero fruitless. A week past thevolatilcMr. Eanq liadquilted with all his belongings, and hud left no truce of his presence. 