flie Order of Sisters of Mercy. As Imposing Ceremony/ On Tuesday morning a large ana fashionable assemblage witnessed, in St. Franois X^viet'a Cathedral, the reception of four poatulanta into the order of the Sisters of Mercy. The ladies who were received were Miss Margaret Carroll, who assumed, the name of Sister Mary Gertrude, Miss Annie Brigga (Sister Mary de Pazzi), Mis3 Sarah Brigga (Sister Mary Gabriel), and Misa Maiy Noonan (Sister Mary Monica). Shortly after 11 o'clock hi3 Grace Archbishop Reynolds, accompanied by Archdeacon Russell, Dean Nevin, Dean Kennedy, and Fathers O'Sullivan, O.S B,, A. Gandolfi, J. McMahon, W.McEvoy,P. Hurley, T. Dohenny, P, Jiirgenson, and Church, entered the'cathedral, and took up positions in the sanctuary, his grace being seated on a throne, which had been prepared for him fronting the altar. Immediately afterwards the sisters entered, being preceded by four little girls dresBed in white and carrying flowers, and the poBtulanta being supported by the mother superior and the mother assistant. The four poatulanta were dreBsed in handsome bridal costumes of white satin, and wore white satin shoes and the usual white tulle veils ornamented with orange blosa3oma, The choir' sang the bymn " 0 Gloriosa Virginum" as the proceaBion entered and the postulants took up a kneeling position in front of the archbishop, the sisters taking their places on the right and left. Hia grace then bleBsed four wax tapers and handed one to each of the poatvlanta, whom he addressed in the following termaReceive, dearly beloved daughter, the corporal light as an pmhlsm of the inward light to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error: that illuminated with the light of divine wisdom, with the fervor of the Holy Gho3t, thou mayeBt deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the Spouse of the Church, who liveth . and reigneth with God the Father in the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." A short and impressive sermon was then preached by Father O'Sullivanj who took for his text the words-" We have been made a spectacle to the world, and to man, and to the angelB." The day on which they were assem bled, h9 said, was the Feast of our Lady of Mercy. They had come to witness a solemn ceremony-the dedication of four BOUIS to our Lady in her Son's own house; and what more appropriate day, he asked, could possibly have been chosen for such an occasion 1 The natural questionwouW be certain toarise-Why sueh poup ; why so much ceremony; and what were these favored SOUIB about to do ? They were! only going to consecrate to their Maker what already belonged to Him. They had re ceived a special call from Almighty God to serve Him, and it was as a sign of gratitude to Him that this great ceremony of ratifying the call by a public profession waa attended with so much pomp. This act was one which called into play the fulfilment not of precepts alone but of counsels. They had come there not only to witness a great ceremony, but * great sacrifice as well-a sacrifice made by young people in the prime of life, and at a time when the whole world was before them. Gregory the Great had called these daughters ol the church, who devoted their' lives to the par formance of works for the greater honor and glory of God, the "elect body of the church," and the rev. gentleman pointed out how well the remark was justified when we came to consider the self-sacrificing character of their labors and how their lives were entirely de voted to the visiting and attending to the wants of the poor, the nursing of the sick, the education of the young, the comforting of the needy, and the consoling of the dying. What wonder was it then that the Church should come forward with her ceremony to show her gratitude to the Almighty for the special grace He had deigned to confer on these special ones among His servants. The reward that God would give such servants would be the greatest and most magnificent He could bestow, because their sasrifice was the greatest a human being could make. He would call thia the firBt final step in the re nouncing of the world's pomps and vanities, It was not the last, because that came on th9 day of profession when they confirmed for ever the vows which they now aspired to make, Ey the step they now took they cast aside the vanity of the world, they cast aside its ornaments and its trappings once and for all, they abandoned its pleasures, and they cut adrift all connection betwesn themselves and it, Father O'Sullivan thendrewa powerful pioture of the ambition, the envy, the bicker ing^ the striving after wealth, and position which characterised the worldly-minded person, and contrasted it with the life of a Sister of Mercy, who having rsnouncecl the J world led a life of peace and contentment, never thinking of the morro v, buBy ever in the performance of those dutiss which has so well entitled her to the term of a "ministering angel," and always happy in the knowledge that when her span of life is enial here a crown of glory greater than any tint pny monarch of this poor world could a^jcd awaits her at the hands of the Saviour she ha3 served so well. At the conclusion of the serann his grace enquired from each postulant; if it was with her own free will that she demanded the holy habit of religion, and being answered in the affirmative the four postulants, conducted by the mother superior and mother assistant, retired for the purpose of putting off their secular dress. During their absence his grace blessed their habits and veils, which were conveyed to them by one of the religieuses. On their return they received his grace's bleesing, and were clothed in their new habiliments. The mother assistant then con ducted them to the mother superior, who embraced them, the reBt of the sisterhood doing (he same, After further prayer and the chanting of psalms the proceedings ter minated. The ceremony was undoubtedly one of the most solemn and impressive that has ever been witnessed in the cathedral, which was handsomely draped with Sowers for the occasion, thiB work having been kindly undertaken by Mis3 Baker. The choral service was particularly beautiful, the singing of the "Memorare" being specially worthy of mention, 