Oil WTEU XXV. ! _ I MYSn;iUOUS iOE AC.U The Countess < f Strathspey found herself hedged in with diliiculties on every hand. The estates ot Aukland Oaks, and the i'ronch chateau .?vere her own, lmt thero was no available money, and it required cash in abundance to institute and carry on a lawsuit. M jreover, when she went to her lawyer, .Sir Henry lialbrauh, with a great j juanv apologies, an i in very polite phrase, he do. j dined to take the case in hand. He had never lost a case, and In did no* c-ire to lose one. Hers was simply ho->ilo?s. The Karl «>f Strathspey !iad accepted and acluiowledg d one eliild as Ills own, and there was not the least proof ill the world to establish the claims of this oilier one. Nothing but the fact that hi; had a similar birth mark. A. d->zen children in the kingdom might 'lave the same thing ! It was a weak case, and lie was forced to decline either advice or action in regard to it. The countess wont away bitterly disappointed, yet forced to acknowledge the truth of what the lawyer had said. She had no heart to make an other effort. The winter went by slowly and drearily at Auk land Oaks, i>:irk days and dismal nights to poor, heart-broken .ludith and lier lady. And spiinj; brought them 110 hope. The young foliage b?ga:i to sprout upon the oak boughs, and the Kentish | hop-lields to grow green in the genial sunlight, but | for these two there came 110 rift of light, 110 ray of hope. I Lady Strathspey made 110 elt'jrt to see her own I children. Her husband's decree could not lie din- i obsyed. -Much as she hungered, in K- motherly tenderness, for little Pearl, even for poor, sallow- : cheeked Angus, she made 110 eiiort to see them, 1 and Lady Neville sent her no tidings iu regard to " them. With the opening of the warm weather, she and -iuditii journeyed down to Dover, and across the Channel, and into the green valley of the Tyrol. j The shepherd's cottage was unchanged. The old man and his wife btill lived, and little llomulns was growing to be a fine lad, stout and sturdy, and very handsome iu his Saxon fairness; and with every year the mark upon his fair, round arm, grew deeper and ruddier. But the old woman had a strange story to tell. [ " Only a week before," said she, " a strange j woman had been there, a handsome woman, dark and tall, but with a wicked look in her eyes. She wanted to see the child the Countess of Strath spey had sent her. Little Homulus was called up and paraded before her; and she stared at him as if he were a ghost, her face growing white, and her limbs shaking under her. Then she went away, but the next day she returned, and said ths countess wished the boy to be brought to England, and had sent her to pay the old people for their trouble and take him away. But the old people refused to give him up, and held on to him in the face of all this strange, dark woman could say and do." Lady Strathspey grew white with terror, as she heard this story, and she drew the child to her bosom with a convulsive clasp. *. My darling, you are all I have," she sobbed, ' and they would rob me of you.' 'And you did not send the strange woman then, my lady H'* questioned the old man. ' Send her '! Oh, no, no !' cried the countess ; " it is some vile conspiracy, some cruel falsehood, to get him out of the way. But they shall not, they shall not have him! My own boy, my darling, my darliup !' j Romulus loolced up with wondering eyes, only dimly comprehending the cause of the beautiful lady's tears, and listened gravely, while the countess and the old couple discussed their plans for the future. Lady Strathspey desired to take the hoy to England, and deeply as it grieved them to give him up, they thought it would be better. He might be stolen from them, and it was time, as his mother said, that his education was being cared for. Their arrangements were made accordingly, and after a few day's sojourn in the valley, the morrow was appointed for their departure. The afternoon was unspeakably lovely. A. May afternoon amid the sunlight Alpine peaks. 1 jady Strathspey took her little hoy by the hand and started out for a walk, leaving .ludithto assist the old woman in lier evening labors. She strolled along the edge of the valley, the great mountain peaks towering above her, little JJoaiuius gather ing blossoms and skipping pebbles, and Wolf, the grim sheep-dog, tottering along behind. The boy ran on shouting, and laughing, and shaking the blonde ringlets over his bright blue eyes ; such a handsome, manly little fellow, sj like liis father, the. husband who had wronged and insulted her crnrlly. The countess watched him, lie)- heart swelling and her eyes overflowing with tea it." Presently they came to a lovely little nook at the very foot of a great dill', a mossy bed all over grown with wild blossoms and red berries. 1 -;idy Strathspey sat down on an arching rock, while Homulus gathered the berries and blossoms and twined them into a garland for Wolf's neck. The afternoon sunshine streamed around them in rifts of gold, and the murmur of the river and the notes of the ring-dove filled their ears with music. in a little while a iloek of goats came bleating by 011 their way to the cottag.; fold. Wolf pricked up his cars and stared alter them, and little Umnulus followed, shouting and laughing at the frolicsome gambols of the Jiids. Smiling sadly, i.he countess uiosc to follow, when all at once, as if the yawning mountain had font it forth, a black iiguie arose hi f. 110 her, a tall, shadowy figure, with a wild, unearthly face. 'Countess of Strathspey,' it cried, with that same mocking laugh, in that same terrible voice she so wdl remembered, ' have not my jjwords come true:' You are robbed of your wealth and titles, scorned by your husband, and derided by \ the world. 5Iy hour has come.' Lady Strathspey reeled back against the rocks ! halt'-fainting 111 h> r tcriibiu fright; but a shrill j | cry, a diild s cry, aroused her. She started for ward just in jtime to see the black-robed ligure disappear round theclili'. lien ling little Romulus in its arms. The boy was struggling to get free j and bis cap had fallen oil", leaving liis fair head | bare. The poor mother never forgottliat sight. With one wild slni::k of agony she darted arter them, but when she turned round the base of the cliil' tliey were nowlnre to be seen. Wolf, the sheepdog, leaving his care of the goats, started u1; j in pursuit, keeping his nose to the ground and ! b lying dieply. Hut the scent seemed to bailie j Liai. In the green valley beyond the clill there j was nothing to be seen but the browsing goats and j the peaci ful May sunshine ; and the poor animal, j conscious it seemed lint his little nlayniate was < ginc, ran back to the sj ot win re his cap lay, and 1 crouching down beside it, howled mournfully. i Lady Strathspey made her way back to the | cottage and told her teriible story. ? The olj man started out and summoned his i neighbors to help hiin. AH night long, from the 1 rising to the setting of the stars, they hunted, j scouring the valleys, climbing the bold cliffs, j peering into the rocky caverns, but little llomulus i could not be fouud. 