WITH SOCK AND BUSKIN. | Bradley'B Bootle' Baby has scored another triumph in Launceston. ^Tiss Julia Hudson has turned up again at Singleton, with the old, old play of East Lynne. ? ? ? The Lynch Family of Bellrinefri are 8 til touring around Melbourne with un limited success. s ? ? Dorothy is still the ra*e at the Melbourne Princess, and there is no sign of a change for some time to come. The Jungfrau Kapelle, under guber natorial patronage, have been doing good business at Auckland recently. ? ? ? It ia stated that Mis3 Mario Boz?, on finishing a short London seaion, is to leave for Australia. Hope it's true. ? ? ? The Fisk Jubilee Singers are still singing their way through New Zealand, being last heard of at Christchurch. \- # ? * Mr, Arthur Garner, of the triumvirate, who ia at present in London, has pur chased a new melodrama called Silver Falls for Australia. ? ? ? Whittington and His Cat , well supplied with new locals and gags, is still holding the fort at tho Brisbane .Gaiety, and no signs of a change are yet apparent. ? ? ? The Gaylord and Sibcon European Novelty _ Company, who arc shortly to appear in Sydney, have been creating quite a sensation in New Zealand. ? ? ? Wo regret to hear that Mr. Geo. Leitch met with an accident recently- at Ballarat during the performance of JIarbour Lights , which has seriously affected his health. * ? * The Bcisa Towers dramatio season at Brisbane wound up at the end of last week, a farewell complimentary benefit being given to Mr. Geo. Dean on the last night. ? » ? Masks and Faces, which ia probably one of the best of all modern comedies, waB revived recently at the London Hay market, Mrs. Bernard Beere taking the part of Peg Wofiington. ? ?- ? The Vivian Family, who have been playing during the last week at the Mel bourne O oera House, have lately put on Current Cash as a kind of a change from East Lynne. ? ? * lhe Crawford- Hunter party of Scottish vocalists do not seem to have achieved a very brilliant success in Christchurch, N.Z., and it is stated that they shortly in tend returning to Australia. ? ? ? Mr. Chaa. Arnold, of Hans the Boatman fame, i3 shortly about to undertake a trip through Tasmania, uudor the management of Mr. Lohr and. Mr. Hughes, both of whom are experienced managers. ? ? ? Captain Swift has now seen its hundredth night at the London Hay market, and judging from the accounts which reach us, Mr. Haddon Chambers* play seems to be aa popular as ever. ? * ? Charles Bradley's version of Barnes of New York, originally produced . at . the Theatre Koyal, Melbourne, haa been play ing to splendid audiences in Tasmania, the business being phenomenal in Launces ton. ? ? ' ? The Melbourne pantomime of Sinlad th'. 8ailor still draws crowded houses, and the performance of the Borani and Wal halla Brothers, who have ' lately been added to the show, meets with general ap proval. ? ? ? A Melbourne paper state's that Mr. Bracy is endeavouring to arrange with Messrs. Bignold and Allison' for a lease of Her Majesty's when he proposes to in augurate a season of oomic opera and bur lesque. a ? ' 1 ? Mr. Macmahon was compelled to bring to a sudden and unexpected close his dra matic season at Sandhurst, owing to the severe indisposition of Mr. Grattan Biggs, who, we believe, has been suffering from indifferent health for some time. ? ? 1 Marvellous Melbourne, a new piece ivhich has been written for Mr. Dimpier, was produced at the Melbourne Alexandra on Saturday laat. Mr. Dampier takes the leading part, which affords ample scope for his versatile powers, as he assumes no less than five different roles. * * * ? Mr. Geo. Darrell, and his new piece, First-Class, seem to hate taken the fancy ot the Wellington (N.Z.) people. In the third act of this piece thero ia a tank scene, and the N.Z. papers have been giving elaborate statistics with regard to the aforesaid tank. It holds, we learn, ex aotly 4343 gallons, or 10 tons Gcwt 841b. Quite enough to get drowned in. ? ? ? Is the cable news about lima di Murska really true or only a hoax? A very few weeks ago she was in America, where an appeal was being made to the public to re lieve her poverty, which proved, for tunately, to be only comparative. Can she within that time have gone to Munich, there to die in Buoh want that her daughter committed suicide in consequence? Let us hope that the story is a fancy one, and that the brilliant cantatrice is still among us, ministered to by kindly heart3. ? , * * An interesting presentation recently took place at the Theatre Boyal, Man chester. The members of Mr. Harris' company were so pleased with the artistio and liberal _ manner in which the .oporas had been produced, and the arti3ts' com forts attended to, that they purohased a massive bowl, which was presented to Mr. Harris, on the stage, as a mark of their regard. The bowl waa engraved with the following -inscription: 'Presented to Augustus Harris by tho ihembers of^ his company, in appreciation of his artistio aud liberal i fforta to revive Italian opera in tho provinces.' ? * ? Mis3 Sophie Eyre; otherwise Miss Lons dale, otherwise 'She' who must be obeyed, figured prominently in an inter pleader action heard in the Westminster County Court, before Judge Bay ley. The trouble began when Sophie borrowed .-2300 on a bill of sale of Mr. Joseph Brown. It had been explained to her, she said, that Bbe would have to piy 60' por cent , but she couldn't help that. She wanted the money, and without it could not have gone on with the ' She ' show at the Gaiety. Mr. Maurico not only stopped playing but seized her goods for money due. The judge, after tho evidence, said there must be a verdict for tho claimant; Brown, but the claim had not been substantiated as to all the goods, because they had nob all been scheduled. The qunstion aa to the list of goods waa adjourned. a ? ? Horo is an item which t.i'-rcs us right away back to tho Ci irden oi liden, towards whioh tlio modern Btage seems to be rapidly approximating : ? '-la the amusing comedy called My Milliner's Bill, the heroine, referring to the days when Bhe played burlesque, remarkB that she was able to keep her droas in a glove-box. A similar receptacle, we should say, would provide ample room for tho costume in which Mies'Addio Conyors is'just now ap pearing nightly at the London Pavilion. It consists of a jersey extremely short, a I pair of tights, and a couple of silver leaves. If Miss Conyers is really desirous of emu lating tho ex imple of Mother Eve, she should throw the jersey and tighta away, and stick to the leaves.' ? ? ? ? During the recent engagement of Willard Spenser's Little Tycoon company in Peoria, 111., a novel and somewhat ingenious scheme for tho advertising of a certain hron/l ? 5 1 ? . H ? i. mm. i,wa nao junuuuueu vy muttrb n, Jessurun, a clever young commercial traveller. Between the actB the tea was served, both hot and cold, to the audience by coloured waiters in full dress. Japanese cups and eaucera were used. Not satisfied with supplying the audience, tho young man sent the tea behind the scenes to the members of tho company, and on Saturday night gave a tea party to them. A'curiou3 accident occurred recently in London, when the public and the Press were invited to the new Shaftesbury Theatre, to witness the revival of Lord Lytton'a play Tho Lady of Lyons, but after waiting from a little after eight until ditto pist nine, both the p's were dismissed without seeing any performance. This was all on account of the new patent fireproof curtain -ref using to be raised. All sorts of efforts and struggles were made by the scene-men, &c.;, bnt tho curtiin re mained obdurate and wouldn't budge an inch. The occurrence was so strange that many lingered chatting about the house long after they had received back their money or their ' orders ' as the case might be. And there were some who held that thi3 nccident could not have happened if the management, instead of arranging to commence with the resistance-piece had first put up a ' curtain-raiser. ' ? ? ? ? Mi?s Von Finkeletein, who gave her farewell lecture in Melbourne on . New Tear's Night, Bails for the happy land of Jerusalem per Lusitania on Friday next. Although not two years have elapsed since the accomplished lecturess was in the Holy Land, important changes are already im pending, the Sultan of Turkey having at length granted permission for the construc tion of a railway between Jaffa and Jeru salem. The distance between the seaport and the capital is only thirty mile?, but Misa Von Finkelatein thinks that the advent of the steam fiend will completely modify the poetical atmosphere which surrounds a city whioh ia regarded aa holy by Jew, Chri8tian, and Moalem alike. Before this change takes place and Jerusalem is invaded by hordes of tourists, Miss Von Finkelatein wishes to see once more her native city- But Bhe hopes to return to Australia. Poor Aua tralia ! ? . . , ? ? ' Our London correspondent sends us the following items of dramatic news, dated December 14:— 'Things theatrical are positively booming. I have dropped into most of the theatres during the week, and found them fall, this being especially the case at the Gaiety, Strand, Terry's, Comedy, Avenue, tc 3, which are packed nightly, while atD.-ury-lane tbe Armada stills draws- large audiences, although it has to be withdrawn at the end of the week to make room for the Christmas pantomime, which iB to be a perfect 'wonder' this Beason. At the Crystal Palace Mr. Oscar Barrett is actively en caged in preparing for Cinderella on Boxing Diy, and I hear that hia preparaT tions are on a most elaborate tscale. - Miss Kate Vaughan, of Giiety fame, is ap pearing this week at the new ' Grand Theatre, Islington, with her own company, and concludes her entertainment with a delightful -little dancing sketch, entitled How It Happened. I was just in time oin Wednesday night to witness Miss Vaughan's charming dancing, which is as graceful as ever, and of which we see far too little nowadays. The theatre was fnll of visitors to the cattle show, and many a burly farmer had a 'real good time of it,' some of them gazing in open- mouthed, admiration at the exquisite grace of Miss Vaughan's movements.' I only hope we shall have more of this charming actress' dancing ere long. ? Mr. Henry Irving has not yet decided upon the date of the pro duction of Macbeth. . Two full rehearsals are now taking place daily at the Lyceum. The costumes— and, in fact, the whole mounting — are to be superb, and eclipse all previous efforts of Mr. Irving. It is hoped that Mr. Irving will be able to pro dace Macbeth about the 21st or 22nd, but no date has actually been fixed. Much is expected of Banquo's Ghost, an invention of Mr. Cattermole's. He will not be a ' solid ' flesh and blood ghost, but a thin spectre whom you can 6ee through. More about tbis next week.' 