. GOVERNMENT GAZETTE- The following notifications appeared in Wednesday's Government Gazette : — General Appointments. — Herbert Moultrie Gay, M.li., Univ. Gins,, Ch.'M., Univ., Gins., to be Government medical officer and vaccinator for the district of Dubbo, vicoH. G. S, Warren, resigned ;-Mr. Alfred J. Cano to bo warden's bailiff at Wilcannia, with a salary of L10 per annum; Mr. J. R. Gorman to be warden's bailiff at Albury, with a salary, of LlO'por annum, vice ICirchcr, transferred ; Mr. V. Cumming to be acting warden's clerk and mining registrar, and to issue minor's rights, busi ness and mineral licenses, at . Burrowa, during' the absence of W. 13., Wotton, on . leavo ; Mr. A. T. Cochrane to bo ininiug registrai', 'bid to issue miners' rights,. busi-_ Hess and minoral licenses, at Coonabarrabran: Civil Service Retire, uests.— Mr. D. \- Scotland, stationmustcr, Traffic Department, Railways, has retired from tlio Civil Service ; , Miv.Beiijamin Meakin, watchman, dreilgo, 'Newcastle,' has retired from the Civil Sor-' vice. .Tho. uudcrmcntuined officers in the Department of Railways will retire from tho Civil Service under tho provisions of the Civil Servico Aefc, lSSd, viz. : — Messrs. Henry Purton, inspector, Permanent Way Department, October 8; Wm. Dietz, fore-, man, Permanent Way Department, October 3 ; George Murdoch, foreman, l-ku'mahciib 'Way Department, October l; Andrew' IMoodio, srationmastcr, Traffic Department, October 1. - Tender Accepted. — Tho undermen- tipned tender in connection.' with Public schools has boon accepted William Town, Hew building and alterations, Porteous and Scainmell, L581 12s; 6d. : David Clu'istie Murray as an elocutionist and reciter' is' far riiore entertainhig, and certainly docs ; himself moro justico than as a lecturer. Last liight lie faced a 'moro attentive and appreciative (though some what sparse) audience than lie has heretofore in tins' city. There was also a special interest in last night's entertainment, seeing that all the items were from his own works and tho majority in verse, happily chosen with a sprinkling of the humorous, and not too little pathos. His opening piece, "The Diamond Ring, " was very cleverly delivered, and the dramatic effect he imparted into the pathetic little tale gave promise of a pTsimt; advening. Tito incident and "Story of Mr. King," which he included iu 'his lecture 011 the Russo-Xurkish war, served to put all tho folks in a good lmmor, and tho merry oyes of United' States Consul Griffin actually twinkled with fun as , Mr. Murray recounted the tale of tlio Yankee who actually talked his way past a wholo regiment of tho blood-thirsty Russes and overcame thorn by braggadocia and strong nasal language. Then enmo Mr. Murray's strongest and bost effort, both olooutionary and literary. It was the story and meditations ,of a Russian patriot condemned to the gallows. This item afforded tlio author opportunities of demonstrating that beyond bis genius a3 a writer Tie possesses that rare faculty of interpreting with full dramatic power tho works of. his own pen. The second part wasoponed with a short, swoet story in verse, entitled '"A Bunch of Wild Flowers," and' concluded 'with a somewhat lengthy item, "Tito Story of a Showman's Ghost," in which tho author did hot appear to bo a happy delineator of tlio provincial vernacu lars which have made London showman, conspicuous the wide world o'er ; otherwise he went from gravo to gay and suduess to mirth with a refreshing ease. It is Fir. Murray's intention to depart for Brisbane on Monday next. 