NOTE TO BEOBBTABIES. Hon Soorotaries of all olubs, whether metro politanor provincial, should send in particulars of all individual scorcB of threo fljuroB, mado by mcmbors of thtir olubs* othoiwiao thoy aro liablo ; to be omitted from tho tabulated list at the oon- I oluslon ot tho season. * j ' Behold tho sun, how bright From yonder oast ho eprinf u. Ae if tho soul of lite and light ?Wore breathing from his wings. —To* Hoobi. What a delightful afternoon wo experieaoed on Satnrday ; tho golden rayB of the sun we»o tempered by a beautifully ocol and refreshing breezo, whioh, combined with the verdant glossy oovering ot onr parks, produood an air of spring so refreshing and so deliolous that ono oould almosc buret out iu poetical praiso ot the day. Che spring has arrivod, and with it com.B the welcome ohirps and ditties, of tho birdB, who are j uat as happy as tho oiioketer that shoulders hia bat and marolies on to glory or a ?' duok ogg.' The rooont oopious jains nave given to onr parks and oriokoc grouuds a veidant oovering meBt pleasant te gaze on, and a great many followers ot tho grand old gams took aavaatago of tho favourablo woather to indujgo in a good pipo-opener with bat and ball. Tho junior crioketer of tho metropolis is always oagor to start tho now season, and consequently no email number ot matohes wero played on Saturday. '1 horo wero also mai.y aotivo participants who me- ely indulgt d in a pruotioo, and many more who could bo tomptod to go no furthor than luek on. 'J ho boIo matoh of any noto that took plaoo on Moore Park was botween the Snrrey Unftod and Mansfield olubs on tho Bnrry's wiokot. Tho yonnger elnb had tho good fortune to win tnotoss, and It 2 runs wore totollod by the team. Arnold opened the season in good form, and his quota of 41 was p it together in his usual olnoient btyle. J,;Arthur compiled 20. and A. Ciarko, the best batoman in tho eleven, mado 17, but the rotnalniug momfcoiB tailed off.- J. Beveridgo was vory des tructive with the loather, as ho came with arattlo and eeonrod four wiokets for 9 runs. A. Buokle took flvo for 23. The 8urro-B started well and had apparently tho best of tho play until within about 16 minnteB of ' timo,' when a ohango oconrred, and eventually tho reoord stood at 61 tor six wickttB. J. O'Hara, an old Crojdon bataman who plaj ed for North sydnoy last summer, displayed muoh pationco and a very fair defonoe for ill. J. Bevel idgo's 18 rnns wore knookod up quiokly, and Bucklt, whilst making his 10 rnns, played qutto a different game to his usual style by exhibiting plenty of freedom, and semo of tho strokes wero woll executed. J, Arthur bowled best for Mans field and kept up a very good length. Clarke did not trundle badly either, but Wilson, who is a lofc hand bowler with a good, taking Btylo, was evi dently ont of preotico. The wiokot played sploa didly, and 1 saw only one ball go wrong, and that was the sbootorthat shattered nivers' wicket. Wonders will nover cease, and anything happen ing in connection with tho Oriontal Club should never causo surprise, no matter how add or how strange. Tho ciub was supposed to bo on its last legB lest snmmor, and on the Friday night before . tho Darlington onp matoh a team was not to bo got, but Saturday night saw the Orientals in as high spirits as evor, and evontually the Cap fell to thoir lot, Strango, is it not ? Again, the various members had intended .to play senior orioket this jear, but I waa not surprised to see the olub entered for the Kerr Cup on Moaday night, although it had diBbanded. Inland, Meagher, Patrick and Pierce were to have played for Warwiok, but it appears that olroumatanceB have ai isen whioh have o&tised; them to alter their minds. M. Pieroo ia a member of the Carltons now, but what club he'll actually play with is hard to tell . Tbe general meeting ot the Union held on Mon day night at Levy and Sooths was presided over by Mr. F. Luland. It was decided that the Association give eleven medals: to tha winners of each Cup. Ths rules and regulations for guidance of the Kerr Cup competi tion as drawn up by tho eommlttee wore read by the hon seo (Mr. G. Sohatehel). and sgzeed to. Before the entries oloeed It wss fuinnunned tiini; Mr. Jas. M'lntoali had kindly offered a trophy to tbo Assooiatlen. The entries (er tho Kerr Cap showed that eleven olubs had subscribed, and the drawing resulted as fol-' lews : — Mansfield v Dun das. Clyde v Yerona. Donblo Bay v Darlington. Oriental v Surry United. Ivanhoo v Corio, Coolie a bye. A better drawing could not be wished. .The elabs are all evenly matohed, and so far as I know at present, each match ought to be keenly oon. teittdr The rules, &c;,f to govern the Boott Cup competition were thon agreed to, and ths eatridts went found to be numerous, as no less than 15 clnbs subscribed. The drawing resulted as follows:— Jbo. Hunter v Cemperdowm Surry United ' B.' v Verona ' B.' Glebe Wellington v Macdonaidtown. ' Balmain CarllHgford v Our Boys. 'Usrriekville v Viotoria Mills. ti. 8. Beimoro ▼ North Sydney. Bt, Peters vBurwood All! anoe. Bojol OsJk v Bedfern Albert. - ' The first Cap matohes will be started oa tha Agricultural Gronnd in the beginning of next month. The first round of the Korr Cnp compe tition should be particularly interesting, as ono defeat will'pnt a olub out this time. The most important matoh for next Saturday will be played on tbe 8urry United's wleket, bo tween the local B and the Sydneys. WENTWOBTH PABK CB10KET ASSOCIA TION. The seventh annual meeting ot this Association was held at the Glebe Town Hall on last Friday night. Alderman Meeks presided ovor a very fall meeting. The report, whioh is glvon below, was adopted, as also was the balance-sheot submitted by the Tressurer. The latter showed a debit balanoe of £5 19s,, but against thiB it must iu justioe be etated that the exponses in connection I with tho ground woro uncommonly heavy, £12 wss expended on a new mowor, and all tbe costs and exponsoe incidental to the turfing the western - wiokot for tho coming season have beon ohargod against last season's roceipts. Tho annual roporc of tho committee reads as follows Sevehth Ahkcal Befost. Gentlemen,— This boing tho seventh annual mooting of the Wontworth Park Criokot Associa tion, your oommittoo has muoh pleasure In sub mitting to you a report of tho working of your Association for tho past year. The orioket ground was oponed.for matches on September 15, and altogether 87 matches wero played on the ground (inoluding tho final matoh for the Foy Medals). When your 'Association began its operations last year, the following clubs constituted tho Association Osborne, Corio, Hail way, Tiotoria Mills, Telegraph, Darlington, and Glonwood, and your oommittoo have to report that for tho oneuing year the olubs affiliated te tho Assooia tlen aro Corio, Glonwood, Darlington, Bailway, Viotoria Mills, and Globe Wollington. Tour oommittoo regret that the old and favourite olub, tho Osborne, is not up this year among tho olubs forming the Association on, account of Its (tho club) being disbanded. Bat your committee trusts that those earnest and enthusiastic playors of tho lato club, who havo at all times dono their best on tbo criokot field for tho honour ot your Association, may see fit to cast in their lot with some ot tho present associated clubs, and that during the ensuing season thoy will still bo found doiiig thoir best for the Association. Tour committee havo much ploasuro iu reporting that tho working ot tho largo lawn-mower pur chased last year has given overy satisfaction. During the short reooss of the sooson your committee decided to proporly turf the western wiokot, and although the work was tedious on account of the very inolement weather, and was commenced] late, the [oaretaker ot tho ground (W. Smith) has succeeded, with assistance, in taking ont eome fifty loads of olav and stones -and substituting some good soil, ana oovering same with somo splendid turf foraspaoo of somo 40ft wide, whioh will give for a ofianro at least eight wiokets, and although the turf will not be qutto I roady to play npon at the start of the season your oommittoo trusts that with fine woather it will not be long before you will have tho ploasuro of playing on a first-olasB turf wioket, which you desire so much. It will be tho duty of this meoting to eleot office bearers for the oneuing year, and as thowolfare of your association will rest on your oholoo it de volves upon you to make a careful soleetlon of thoBe whs will have tho interest of year associa tion at heart, ' The hon, treasurer's finanolsl statement will be read to you to-night, and notwithstanding there is a small debit balanoe you will seo that your oom mittoo havo watohed over the expenditure to ths bestintereBts of tho Assooiatlon. A motion standing in Mr. N. Cameron's name providing for the reduotion of the subscription by olubs to tho Aeeooiatlon for vrsotlco wiokets, &%, from £10 to £8, oaussd a deal of disouBBion, and finally tho motion was carried by 23 votes to 14. The olootlon ot offioe-bearerB resulted as follows)— Patron, Alderman Stephen Bryen; president, Aldorman Meeks; vioopresi dsnts, tho Mayor ot. Glebe (Mr. P. Lnoas) and Aldormon Conlon, Buokle, F. Burohor, and Mr. Abigail; hon, seoretary. Alderman g, Duncan. The olootlon of hon. trossuror it was decided to hold overt Mr. Wollaoott was nominated, but expressing his opinion thdt ho could do juetioo to neither tho Assooiatlon nor himself under tho altered oiroumstanoos of tho amount of subscription from ths olubs, and as soveral ethors who woro nominated rofnsod to aot also, tbe oboirman deoided to hold It ovor. Messrs. A, M'tohell and P. Milwain woro oleotod auditors. Tho annual moetingof tho Bolvidoros waa hsld nt tlio Custom House Hotel on Thursday last, 5th iustunt, when thore waB n largo muster of mombors Tho report for the lust soacon shows tlial tlio olubhad overy suoooisful oounon, and is as follows - Tour committeo in submitting tho annual ro tort congratulate yon on tho eueoese whioh has attended tho cffoi te of jour representatives in tho orioket field, bIbo npon tho satisfactory finanolal pcf.ii ion of the club. Tour first eleven woro engaged in 16 matohes, of which 7 woro won, 2 loBt, and 7 drawn ; your opponents soorit g 202!) rnns, whilst your team had tbo total of £924 runs. Tonr seoond sloven placed 17 matches, winning 6, losing 5, drawing 5, and ^ l?onr cottmlttco congratulate tho sooond olovon on Its snoot bs, althouth loBing several mitchos at tbe beginning of tbo soason, thoy pnllod thorn selves togother and won, without sustaining a defeat, the handsome cnp donated by W. B. Marks, Eiq.. for oomrotition amongst tbo secoDd elevenBoftho oUiIb affiliated to thoN.S.W. Orioket As8cola'icn In tho first olovon H. Moses wins tho olab s . tri phi' s fur tho best avorsgo (49 8), and tno bigbest individual fcoro (l'S not out); W. A. Bicbsrdson secures tho trophy prosontod by tho Bon. H. Moses, j£.L.O„ for tho highest aggrogato in tbo olub (-73 runB), Tonr committee wish to draw attention to tho splondid performances of P. C. Chsrlton (39'1), C. A. Blohardson (32 8) and A. W. Crane (28 6). The bowling trophy pro Bested by Dr. Coriia was won by P.O. Chariton ib'23) ; the averages ot A. W. Crsno (15'18) and J. locker (16-19) aeBervo spooial montlon, J. J. FerriB (10) only bowling in a few matohes. The trophy gitun by ti. a. Liademan, tor Wio ieBt fleluen-un in the first eleven was n ward od oy ballc.t to P. U. Oharlton, but jour oom^ittoe iia to donned it advisable to hold ovor a similar tiopny offeiedby the same donor to tho soo jad uiovtu nntil text season. In tho sreond eleven tf-o trophy presoafcad by J. li. AianiB, Esq , held over by tbo npkM ml jtqucbt ot ,i, bheridan, for ibo hi-heut rn-t'.g avtrngo, falU to tho lot of O. C. ityno, « th an avtrago ot 27 8. Tour comnittoo cnmrniu'i j. SberidHn for hiB magnanimous aotio-i iu r^fiuiux toaccipt this trepby last season, and for .ilium-* it to bo replayed for. Tho avoravo of A d (27*8) dtseivos i-perial mention, bat ho -111 ) ot nay iu srffl.^ient xiambor of matohes to on'i a bim to a trophy. Tho bowllou trophy was won by C. CaldwoU with the good avorage of lr. i Tour committee slnocroly thank tho Hon. H, Moses, M/L.U. Dr. Cortls, and O. A. Lindoman, Esq., for tbeir handsomo tropbios. Thoeo members of tho club who wero ohoson to represent tl a club, viz., H, Mosos, J. J- Ferris, P. C. Chsrlton, W. A. Kiohardaon, and O. A. Blehaxdson again proved themselves worthy, ot selaotion. Tonr first cloven visited Goulburn at Eaator, There thoy met tbo combined Goulburn oluba, defeating them in ono innings and 119 runs to spare. Tho team weio shown ovory hospitality, and thoroughly enjoyed their trip to the 'oity of tho Bcuth, Tonr ooirmitteo deploro tho lack of interest shown in senior criokot, and attribute it ohiofly to tho fsot that nono of tho matohoB wero played ont, cach olub only baving the Association y round for two Saturdays, thus robbing the gamo of all interest, as it is impossible to dooido sonior matohes in two afternoons. They hopo that a moro SBtl8faotory arrangomont will lo mado for the coming season. ....... ... Tour committeo aro glad to report that all tho matches on the Domain wero played on turf lifat sesson, tho exoellenco of whioh reiloots credit on tho caretaker. ... . . . .. . In oonolusion your oommittoo dofiirc to tbank you all for thoassistanco rondorod during the past season, and feel confident that you will do your utmost to uphold tho honour of tho olub, preserve Its oharaotcristio esprit do corps, and maintain it in its undoubted high poBitlon in tho criokot world. Offioo-bearers for tho ensuing season woro eleoted as follows: — Patron, lr. H. Dangar, Esq ; president, the Hon. J. B, Watt, vice-presidonta, H. H. Brown, Esq., M.L.A., B. A. Lindeman, Esq , H. A. HoMen, Etq., J. E. Street, E.q., M.L.A., J. L% Adams, Esq., E. L. Jones, Esq , A. Byrio, Esq., M.I.A., W. B. Cortls, Esq., M..D., Alfred Fairfax, Esq.; delegates to tho N.S.W. Criokot As sociation, W, B. Fairfax, C. A. Blohardson, M. B. Halligan ; hen. secretory, C. A. Blohardson ; assistant seoretary, E. A. Garland ; hon. treasurer, E. A. Garland ; oommittoo, J. S. Jtlohardson, M. B. Halligan, P. C. Charlton, J. F. Dookor. W. B. Fairfax, and C.C. Eyrie; auditors, C. C. Eyrie, and L. Deuobar : selection oommittoo, H. Moses, C. A. Blohardson, and W. B. Fairfax. A hearty vote ot thanks was aooorded to Mr. W. B. Fairfax, who has retired from the secretaryship. Trophies for the lest season were presented, and a vote of thanks to tho chairman brought the meeting to a oloso* 1 Essxibbvillb v.~IWabatah. — Played ; on Kaeaonsldtown Park, and won by tha formor by 17 runs. Scores:. Waratah, 39; Mulqueney 11, Olarkson, 18. Ersklnville, 56 ; Bloomfleld 17, Lannon 12. Peroival and Goldsmith bowled, well for. winners, as did Clarkson and B. Howe for Waratah. AniiKOTOK v. Qeosvxhob,— On William Went worth's wicket, and resulted in a very easy win for the formor- by two wiokets and 111 runs. The Gtosvenors wero the fir ft to bat, but owing to the splendid bowling of A. Brown and Jim Ellis were soon disposed of for tbo small total of 26 runs. Ken. Finch 6 and Baymond 6 not out were tho only two who oonld make any headway against tho towling. 'l lio Arllngtons then wont In to bat, end at tho call of time the score stood at 137 for sevea wiokets. Mcrtin QoHoy's innings for 71 was somo of tho bert criokot witnessed on tho Park, ho not giving a binglo chance, Jim Ellis 17 not out doinff some nice drives, whilo Sam. Arthur, 13, played a vory good game. . The Holding of T. Corbett (Arlington) must bo mentioned aa first-olass. Iu tbe bowling for the Arllngtons A. Brown 5 for 8, Jim lllis 4 for 11, and M. Coffey 1 for 1. bowlod in grand otyle while for the Grosvonors Ken. Finch seonrtd most of tho wiokets. Public opinion is that tho Arlingtons will havo a big say in the coming Third Junior Cnp. 'Pen'dregon' writes in tho London Bsfsbxe Anothor onohet invasion from Australia is threa tened. Next summer, so wo are told, a toam from down under will bo with ms, notwithstanding the Colonial Associations proclaimed, after solomn coupoU, that they (tho Associations) would not oountensnoa touring companies oithor from or to their territory for a period in whioh tho trip is in. eluded. I do not want to go ovor old ground once moro in eotting forth my viowsi based on oxtenslvo personal oxporienco of thoso enterprises. I will, howover, whilo thero is yet timo, ask my Austra lian frlonds whether they cannot try to run a tour on tho lines 1 long ago suggested. Lot tho Bpoou- : latlou be nndortakeu by taelr colleotlvo assoale^ ] tions or loading clubs, and, it poBsiblo, undor co operation with somo of our English counties. ' Profit out of tho vonturo would then go for tho bonofit ot tbe game, not into tho hands of private speculators; and if, peradvonturo, some of our oVubs woro to got up a return visit of Eng lish performers to Australia on like oo-operativo terms, with a joint English and oelonial oom mittoo to contiol all working arrangements, SO something per cont. of tho, at prosont, manifold ocoislons or opportunities for bickoring would bo romovtd. Tbo excursions not infrequently do moro harm than good socially. Proporly oon duoted they would work towards a right under standing betwocn tho two pcoplos who aro, or ought to bo, one. Apropos of orioket, bow may our industrious friends tho orioket statisticians formulate aplatform af comparison bDtweon per foimasoos of this and previous yoars ? Wo ore all straight with bowling feats, beoauso a ball's a ball for all thut, whether one of four or fivo to the ovor. While the trundling department and all its works oan bo bandied with oase and procision, tho opposition interest praoticslly doues offortB to rango it in relation to former gotting of runs against timo. Of course you may work on the prinoiplo of differentiation betwoon a break for over after every fourth or fifth ball, but that will not truly put togother suoh a bit of rti a-gotting as wo woro treated to by Messrs. Goorgo Vornon and Tim O'Brien, for instance, a month or so ago at Lords, and tho many others ono could quoto prior to this year and tho altered ovor. Person ally, I am not koon on criokot statistics— at gotting them up myself, that is— though much obliged to tho vlligant brothers whoproparo thorn. As.thoy are so muoh in their way, they will, I trust, at tho ond of tho season treat us to a summary of matohes played out this yoar, whiob, making reasonable alio wan oo for tho altorod ovors, mnst last season have been drawn. At tho samo time, I shall be glad, if surprisod, to hoar from anyeno who oan logically uphold byoitation of performances In 18® any one ot tho many fanoy theories advanced against tho acoopted amend ment of five balls: to an ovor while it waa yet awaiting adoption or rojootion Lord Horriu writes to an English sporting paper:— 'It Is announoed, apparently with authority/ that o teem of cricketers from Aus tralia propOBCB to visitEngland next year. Permit ' mo to take tho oarllest opportunity of pointing out to Australian orioketers that if thoy widh to visit this country they will be aoting wlsoly if thoy first asosrtsin whstliorsuoh a visit would be oonvoniont to tho county olubs, without tho interest and oountonence ot whioh assoolationB it is impossible for any team to make its tour a suoerss. As ths county orioket olubs aro no longor dlsoonneotod atoms, but, through tbe modinm of tho County Criokct Council, aro united, it is now possible for a visiting toam to first consult. tho wishes of tho oounty clubs In the country to bo visited bofore making any definite arrangements. Towards the end of the tonr of tho last Australian toam an im pression prevailed In some quarters that an interval of two yoars would not bo suffiolont beforo anothor team comes. iBoidwithroforoncotothat expression of opinion that I did not think too muoh value ought to be attaehed to tho opinion ot individuals, and that the oplnionB of tho orioket loving publio would, prove to bo tho prevailing factor. The ot. unty olubs to a considerable extent I represent tho publio, and I thoreforo venture to i sngsest to our frionds across the water that bofore making this arrangement thoy should first atoer tain U tho counties aro prepared to orrango matohes with thorn. Obviously, it Is nothing moro than courteous that the convonlonoo ot the oountry to be visited should be consulted.' On Saturday last a orioket matoh was playod between tho Auburn Independents and the Parramatta Independent's 'A' toam. Tho former west to tho wiokets first, and soorod 75. Grindrod 28 and Burns 26 making the h'ghost soores. When timo was oalled tha Parramatta Independents had Bixwiokoladownfor52,Bauohop 14, and Willis 12 being tho highest seoros. Connolly three wiokets for 18 runs, and Lightf oot ono for 8 bowled boBt for the Auburas. . At the Carlton annual meeting hold on Tuesday ?Ight, W. Cani;ihm mid M. 1'iuroo wero olcetea ' members. 