AT GEELONGr. BY "THE VAGABOND." II- A distinguished traveller onco told mo an amusing story of his reception at the principal club in tho metropolis of a British colony. To his great surpriso ho found that tho " stony British glare " was still cultivated to its full perfection in a new land. A stranger was withered by tho cold glances of tho members. No voice was raised above a whisper. To laugh scorned a deadly offence against the club codo of manners. Metaphori cally speaking, members wero never at slippered case, as men should bo when together. And in their dross, as woll ns in thoir mannors,' tho most rigorous propriety was exacted. Onco my friend camo down to breakfast in his slippers. Perhaps he was proud of these, tho gorgeous work of somo fair admirer. But tho head waiter of tho club fixed him with a glittering eye, tho roplica of his masters' glare. " Anything wrong ?" asked my friond. He saw tho man's gbtuco descend. "Is this impropor? Cannot I bieakfaat in my slippers as I would at homo?" "There's nothing against it in the rules," said tho waiter severely, " but I never saw any gentleman do it." So, although thero aro no rules against slippers at tho GcelongGrand Coffee Palaoo, Icannotimagine anyone coming down to! moals horo unless fully dressed in bvcry particular. Thero is a cold proprioty in tho atmosphore of the dining- room quite equal to that of tho Club. tEveryone speaks in the lowest tone. it " Is almhkt Hike being at church. Tho visitors fall into this way quito naturally. When Maggie, the waitress, asks mo in a confidential whisper what I will have for breakfast, I find myself replying in tho Bamo mysterious manner, ns if the order, "grilled bacon," was a thing to bo mightily ashamed of. It is in vain that I try to summon up tho 'ghosts of departed revels hold in this room when " Mack's " was in its glory, and to iniagino how jolly tho "wool kings" of the Western district used to be in tho club, formerly attached to tho hotel, but now used as the Coffee Palace reading room. The inflnonco of tea anil coffee and lemon squashos in the diningroom banishes all reminiscences of Xiast festivity, and in the reading room instead of tho vain games, Nax> and loo, sacred musio is played by charming young ladies, who make mo feel quite good for the timo being, as well as slightly sad. But aftor all I am very comfortable at the Grand. Mr. and Mrs. Groves try to mako me so. Ono gots hotter attended to by the wait resses hero than by German waiters in London hotels. I havo a pleasure in chronicling that the girls here are nearly all born in tho district. Thoy aro all nioo- mannered, speak good English, do not misplace tho letter H, and ore a distinct improvement to any of their kind in England. Tho maid of tho inn in Great Britain is gonerally coarso, with a pro vincial accent heedless of H's, smelling of onions, and in hor manner either familiar or sulky. This establishment, whether it remains a Coffee Palaco or again becomes a " liconscd house," will always bo popular on account of its situation on Corio- terraec, overlooking the re claimed lots at the foot of tho bluff on tho other sido of the street, with tha tennis court below, and tho piers beyond busy with tho arrival and de|iarturo of tho Melbourne steamers. Tho balcony at the Grand is just as charming a place for rocking ohaira and lounges aB can bo found in Australia. There tho ladies spend thoir mornings. Hero a Little lady, whose talented father was tho first who mot me on my first visit to Ballarat many years ago, con descends to make my acquaintance. Old age always feels flattered at the confidence of child hood. Here without exortion you can get tho air from tho ocean, which is purer than that of Naples, although in tho hot summor days, as in all Australian towns, evil odors are sometimes evolved in Geolong. But I can certify of old to the salubrity of this town. It is 6 years since I tarried here for a fortnight, Mr. Dumpier at that timo producing at the theatre certain plays in whioh I had a pecuniary interest. We had come from Sand hurst, which, in midsummer, is as hot a ploeo as ono need wish to stay in on this sido of the grave. I suffered severely from neuralgia at Sandhurst. At Geolong this disappeared, and I had tho most perfect health, whioh loft me, however, whon wo again wont up country. In those days I stopped at tho old Victoria, in the market square. This is now, vice Maok's, the chief hotel in Geolong. But it lias been quite re-modelled and re-organised. The people horo are quite proud of the new entrance hall and ladies' dining and draw ing rooms at tho Victoria. Tho Brothers Sommers are making a rapid fortuno here, which they deserve, as they are not too exalted in their notions 'of a publican's duty to attend to thoir customers. During the busy lunch timo you will see theso Juvenile Checryble Brothers running round and waiting on their guests as if they were the " hired men " instead of tho " bosses." Tho cookory at the Victoria is as good as ever. In the xzirlors here the old inhabitants gathor and toll mo talcs of tho past. Here Mr. Donald "Wallace is receiving his friends and suxiportcrs. I, rcmemboring that ho was known as "the whitest man in Queensland, " wish him luck. But tho hotel accommodation of Goeloug is not by any means equal to its requirements. I am not talking of the facilities afforded for drinking, but of bond fide hotel business, iu which board and lodging for the transiont traveller should bo tho first consideration, the supplying of liquor the second. That is the reason of tho bucccss of tho Grand here, us of coffee palaces all over the colonies. In Australian hotels, too much prominence has always been given to tho bar business. Tho profits on tho sale of liquor have been so enor mous that tliis has been pushed to the front, in stead of always being kept in the background as in tho United States,, and to an extent in England. Thcro is a great revulsion against this at tho present time in Australia. 1'coplo do not want to live with tho atmosphere of a bar room always around thorn. It is not the temper ance pcoplo who support our Mclbouruo colfeo palaces. Tiicro is always a continual stream of custom across Collins-street from tho ex- " Birdcage "to Mrs. Lane's, andHost Shoehan, of the New Treasury Hotel, is growing rich from supplying nobblcrs to the patrons of tho neigh boring Grand. The Grand in Geclong is being extended and enlarged, and noxt year will ac commodate hundreds of Mclbourno tourists. But people want to drink wines and spirits sometimes, perhaps under medical advice, perhaps because they like it ; and tho bottle in tho bedroom, which every second person has in evory coffeo palace, leads to the greatest of all ovils— solitary tippling. So I am pleased to hear that a new hotel- of the newest fashion is one of tho coming improvements in "Now Geoteng" — that Geolong which is just beginning to spring up in the form of now buildings and new industries. In overy direction Geolong is being rebuilt. Thero is a move from tho lower to the upper portion of the town. Tho Gcelong Advertiser and tha Geclong Times have both gone into new premises — a sign of newspaper prosperity here, as is also the establishment of a second evening papor. On Corio-terrace, noxt to the Grand, a new club house is being built which will be ono of tho most comfortable in any provincial town in Australia, and where, too, you will mcot as fine a set of gentlemen. "When peoxilo in Geclong get to know you thoy are hospitable enough, but they take a long timo in knowing you, tho social lifo preserving somo of the old English character istics. Thus Newtown docs not know tho "Western Beach, and tho Western Beach does not know tho Eastern Hill, and none of thorn know Mackillop-strect, and other localities entirely out of "Socioty" running can only avenge themselves by. referring to the genea logy of tho Early Pioneers from Tasmania. This is not quito a fair thing ; it is bad enough for a man to answer for his own sins, without having his ancestors' brought up against him. Geelong has thoroughly woko up. It is not the eity I knew years back. They havo got tho telephone here, and lines of omnibuses running to all x>arts of the town and suburbs. When I drive around and view the housos and poxiulation sxiringing up iu tho outskirts of Goelong, and express my admiration thoreat to Dr. Nowman, ho replies "Walker." This is not meant as a witticism, but to the faot that to Mr. William Walker tho inhabitants of tho suburbs nre indebted for tho onhanccmcnt of tlio valuo of their proiiorty, as woll as for their daily eomfort and convomenoe. "A one horsoeity," m American parlance, means m town with a single tram lino drawn by ono horse. Geclong, till a few months back, was worso than "one liorso ;" it possessed no public vchiolcs at all. When Mr. Walker started these, people laughed at him and prophesied failure and ruin. Now Geclong talks of theso omnibuses with pride. Tho parsons who preached against their funning on Sundays now suxiport them as they, liko tho suburban trains in Melbourne, bring in worshippers to tho churches. Mr. Walker's stables, which adjoin tho new club liouso nnd occupy tho whole depth of tho block from Corio-terracc, deserve some slight desorixi- tion as one of tho most prominent buildings in Goelong, striking the oyo from every point, a credit not only to tlio cntcrpriso of tho proprietor, bnt to tho builders and tho architect, Sir. J. S. Jackson, a young gentleman full of energy in his work, whose solo aim in lifo is to revolutionise tho architecture of this city, and mako it entirely a "New Geolong," in which oaso it may lose many of tho charaoteristios which orm its x>rcscnt attractions for many people. But here, as olsowhoro, the old order must givo placo to the new, and old fogios and old pioneers must be satisfied with grumbling at new notions. Mr. William Walker himself is a Fioncer of '40, but Iio was Only a liny whon ho landed at Goelong with his x>arents. Ho has trnvcUod all ovor Australia, anil was at tho first rush ou tho Ethcridgo and at Char ters Towers. We recall ninny mutual acquaint ances in Northorn Queensland. Mr. Walker's xircmiscs aro tho largest of any similar establishment in tho colony, and are fitted up in complete style. Tho stables, solidly constructed of stone and brick, resting upon concrete foundations, occupy tho wholo block between Corio-strcot and Corio- ter racc, tho length being 366 ft., the breadth 66 it., and tlio height from the iuu flouring to tho axiex of tho roof 31 ft. Tiiis establish ment, therefore, is muoh larger than Noah's ark, and the animals which marched in two by two after the manner of tlicir kind wero never treated as tho 120 horses in Mr. Walker's estab lishment, whose stalls are ventilated, lighted and drained better than many Mclbourno rcsi- dcucos. Water taps aro in evory portion of tho premises, tlio tclephono is laid on, and tho cleotric light is shortly to bo introduced. There iB a very cunning arrangement in tho sliapo of a tramway over tho stalls and loose boxes, by whioh fodder for the horses below is carried along and dropped into mangers. Omnibuses and other vohioles arc sheltered from tbo sun and tho rain and kept fresh and clean. There is a largo boarding house iu connection with the establishment, where the drivers and stablo hands arc well looked after, faring better I ex pect than Noah's crow. This, altogether, is the most complete concern of its kind I havo seon in Australia. Mr. Walker may well bo preud, as ho stands ou tho tan and looks abovo and around and reflects that "alono he did it." And there is no wonder that the indo- fatigablo seoker after the useful and beautiful, tho writer of "Now Geelong"in tho Advertiser, should enlarge upon it, or that it is shortly to bo floated into a publio company. Before describing the arcade and the hotel and other of Mr. Walkor's projeot3, and tho daily increasing manufacturing interests, I will finish tho record of the x>ast by au account of tho educational establishments for whioh Geo long has for so many years been famous. As the Scotch and. tho Presbyterians early ruled in this distriot, being in a decided majority, I givo precedence to tho Scotch Presbyterian College, commonly called tho Geclong College. Mr. George Morrison, tlio prinoipal belongs to a family of pedagogues. One of hia brothers, Dr. T. Morrison is principal of tho Glasgow Frco Church Training College ; a second, Dr. Donald Morrison, is head master of tlio Glasgow Academy; while his brothers, Alexander and Bobert, are tho well known principal and vicc- principal of the Scotch College, Melbourne. Mr. George Morrison was educated at tho Uni versity of Aberdeen, where ho took his M.A. degree, winning the Simpson mathematical prize and the Hutton prizo for general scholarship. Archibald Forbes made his maiden literary effort as a first year student, in tho University Debating Society, of which Mr. Goorgo Morrison, then in his fourth year was President, and Mr. Forbes says ho never forgot tho warm eulogiuin which tho President bestowed on his performance. Another of his olass fallows was Sir Bobert Hamilton, tho now popular Governor of Tas mania. Sir Robert, who used to prida himsolf on being a distant Highland oonncotion of Macaulay, like Robert Clivo at Shrewsbury, won no distinctions and gave no promise of the very groat ability ho has subsequently displayed. Mr. Morrison was apxiointcd first princixial of tho Gcelong College in 1861 — a xiosition which ho still holds. Tho school has turned out a num ber of men who afterwards distinguished them selves, among whom may be mentioned Professor Kornot ; Mr. Garbutt, of the Ballarat College ; Mr. Page, princixial of tho New South "Wales Presbyterian College ; Mr. M. H. Davios, tho Speaker ; Mr. M'Donald, the missionary, and a host of clergymen, lawyers, x>hysicians and squatters. The principal's son, Mr. G. E. Mor rison, will bo remembered by renders of The Age as having walked from tho Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne — a distance of 2000 miles — after wards exploring Now Guinoa as tho representa tive of The Age. In the last exploit he was wounded by a spear, a fragment of whioh, 3 inches long was excised, after remaining nino months in his body, by Professor Chisnc, the eminent Edinburgh surgeon. He then studied medicine, and after talcing his doctor's degree, was appointed chief medical officer of the Bio Tinto mines in Spain. I was in New Guinea shortly after Mr. Morrison, wounded nnd crippled by fever, had to abandon his quest. 1 know tho groat sufferings which this young gentleman endured in liis endeavors to emulate tho doings of Honry M. Stanloy, and of his father's friend, Archibald Forbes. His name will ever bo remoinbered as one of the first cx- plorers of Now Guinea. I am vory pleased at having an opportunity to bear witness to the pluck of the son of the principal of Geclong College. Another son, R. IL Morrison, was the cham pion amateur athlete of Scotland, and for two years tho caxitnin of tho Edinburgh University team. He graduated last year as C.M. and M.B. Tlio Goelong Collcgo was started in 1861 by the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, with which, however, it is now only nominally connected. It was conduotcd for somo years at Knowbo Houso, Skcno-strect, where the Grammar School also was started under Dr. Vauco, of Kow, its first head master. The present build ings wore erected in 1871 t»t a cost of over £11,000. Tbo college is situated at Newtown, about two miles from tlio centre of tho town, on tho brow of tho hill overlooking on the south the valley of tho Barwon and Bass's Straits, and on the north Corio Bay. There is an excellent princiial's house, largo dining hall, numerous olass rooms, and ample accommodation for 40 boarders. The locality is healthy, and tho many outdoor sports, encouraged by tho prinoipals, havo dovolopcd as fino a stalwart lot of follows as any institution could turn out. Its football team was the champion team last year among tho sohools of Victoria. Tho other week four collogians played with, tho redoubtable Goelong Football Club. The grounds, which are beautifully laid out and planted, cover about 17 aores, and compriso foot ball grounds, criekot pitoh, double asphalted tennis court and gymnasium, with all tho usual equipments. The collogo has a boat shed in an enclosed piece of ground on tho Bivor Barwon, with a complement of two four- oared gigs, ono pair-oar and two pleasure boats, for tbo exclusive uso of tho sohool boating club. The Government has also erected, for the use of tho eolloge, butts on tho Barwon, at a convenient distance from tho school, for tho uso of tlio cadot corps, which has existed for the Xiast four years. If passing tho matriculation examination bo a good tcBt of the teaching of a school, tho college, Mr. Morrison tolls mo, may fairly claim success, as it has passed in all be tween 200 and 300 candidates for matriculation, and of the six exhibitions at matriculation won by schools out of Melbourno the Geolong col- lego has carried off all but one. If in tho mat- tor of football Geolong collego Bliowstho muscu lar side of tho training of young Australia, tho success of its studonts at matriculation displays tho aptitude for study whioh our boys possess ; although, bo it understood, tho matriculation test' is not always an indication of a boy's quali ties for the sorious work of life, or the failure to pass any proof that a youth will not succeed in his battlo with tho world. Mr. Morrison has givon mo in the easo of Sir Robert Hamilton an examplo whioh may bo quoted againBt tho efficacy of the matriculation test. Your bril liant youth, "dux" of his school, and senior wranglor of his university, often turns out a vory ordinary inortaL Parents who bewail tlie early dulness of thoir boys may flatter them selves that in after life theso may bo quito equal if not ahead of tlio budding geniuses who carry off all tho school prizes. The Geolong Grammar Schoolh is atborouglily English " Public School," of the typo of Winchester, Shrewsbury or Cheltenham. When the Government of Victoria gavo a grant for educational xmrposcs to tho vnrious religious denominations, tho Church of Eng land established tho Molbourne and Geclong Grammar Schools, which nro still held and governed by trustees and counoils, and havo not drifted under xirivato management. Tho Molbourne Grammar School acquired a great reputation under Dr. 'Broinby's rule, which it has not sinco quito sustained. Tho Goelong Grammar School, under tho management of Mr. J. Braoebridgc Wilson, formerly of St. John's College, Cambridge, ail associate in his day of the foremost mon at the University, has been yearly adding to tho reputation it early acquired. Tho buildings on tho south sido of tho ridgo on which Goelong is situated are a magnificent pile. They over look tho Barwon Bivor and valloy aud tho suburb of Belmont. I horo reooivo a vory kind and courteous reception from Mr. Brace- bridge Wilson and liis family. Wo havo mutual frionds to talk about, as woll as of tho lioad master's native county of Norfolk. Ho is vory proud of the success of his " old boys " at Cambridgo aud Oxford, of tho "honor men" ho has turned out, and of tlio present educational status in tho sohool to which ho has given his life's work. Sir. Bracobridgo Wilson is, however, a thorough Englishman in his distaste for humbug. It is not ovory schoolmaster who would say, "I would not havo you siqiposc, bccauso I enu merate tho Bttcoesscs of our students, that I wish you to bolicvo our school pioturo to bo that, whilo there is much evidonco of creditable work, there is also much that is lamentably bad, much that is terribly disaxipointing, both to tho masters of tho several forms and to raysclr. Wo may well apply to our own caso tho words of tho Into head master of Upxiingham School, one of tho oldest and most experienced school masters in England : — ' Tho powor that boys havo of resisting teaching must bo experienced to bo credited. It is vory easy for a zealous master to imagine tho boys aro working harder than thoy arc, because ho feels that ho is work ing hni'd. It is easy- for him also to go over tlio samo ground again and again, until ho thinks liis class must know it all, because thoy seem to answer fairly woll whan tho quostion recurs in a familiar form ; whereas an examination will often reveal that tho boys have not really mado tho knowledge their own.'" In tho matter of "resisting teaching" I sympathise with tho boys. X have not quito forgotten tlio days when I, too, loathed learning. I thoroughly agree, howovcr, with Mr. Braoebridgc Wilson's re marks that education docs not altogether mean scholarship. "Tho playground," says tho Gee- long head master, " to my mind is almost as important a feature in a boy's education as tho class room. I havo followed out that thoory in conducting this sohool, whioh in spite of a supercilious critic in a Melbourno paper evi dences that there is a sohool lifo to bo lived in Victoria not quite unworthy to bo compared with that of an English public scbooL It will bo found that tho lessons of the river and tho playing field, no less than of tho school room, havo not been lost. Tho self denial and manly spirit which won athletic laurels "in days gone by are now of praotical value in that great duty of bread winning whioh recent writers on edu cation declare to be tho first thing tho great majority of men have to do when they launch out into tho world." Mr. Bracobridgo Wilson says: — "Thoro can bo no bettor evidonco of tho healthy character of our surroundings and of tho Geolong air than is afforded by tbo - number of boys wbo came to this school slender delicate lads, and who aro now strong and stalwart young fellows, heroes of the football fiold, tho boat race aud swimmiDg contest." But it is not tho Goelong air alone which has done this, but the system of encouraging boys in careful physical training, and the supervision given to them in their sports as well as their lessons. Yet Mr. Bracebridgo Wilson boasts that loss time is devoted to athletics at tho Geelong Grammar Sohool than at any educational estab lishment in Australia. But the most is mado of that timo. Besides the playground attached to tho school, tliore is a criokct ground of 10 acres, with an excellent pitch, and pavilion for spectators. Also, thoro is a Rpac'ious gymna sium, fitted up with tho best apparatus, tbo gymnastic class being under a skilled instruc tor. Tho Cadot Corps trains tho hoys te discip line, and in both drill and shooting. Tho re sults obtained have been most satisfactory, the grammar school having carried off tho Publio Sohools prize. But it is on tho water that the Geclong Grammar School boys have shown their highest skill. Tho last rcxiort gives tho rather bald statement : — " The proximity of tho school to tho Barwon Biver affords abundant opportunity for the grand oxercise of rowing. Tho sohool has a large boat- shed of its own, witii an eight-oar and a largo number of other boats of various descriptions. No boys aro allowed to join tho boat club until they have passed tho swimming test, whicli.ionsists of swimming 80 yards or more in boating dress, nnd showing a. thorough knowledge of tho best method of rescuing drowning persons." This docs not do justico to tho infiuenco of the Grammar Sohool Boat Club and tho elorv its members have achieved here and in England. AVhen Mr. O'Brien, tho champion bat of his year, was at Oxford, lie was brought boforo tlio " Dons" charged with doing things ho ought not to have done, and generally leaving undono thoso things which he ought to havo dono. " You will never tako your degree, sir ! " was tho censure. "Oh! I do not expect to," was Mr. O'Brien's innocent answer. "What do you como to tho University for, sir?" "Not to tako a degree, but to get into the Eleven," was the reply. Geelong boys who havo gone from this cradle of learning to Oxford and Cambridge have had brilliant carcors at those Universitios ; but tlio world knows moro of Bobortsou and Fair- bairn than of Thornton or Woodward. Geelong Grammar School had the credit two years ago of supplying a member to each of tho University Eights. The lessons taught ou the Barwon were repeated on tho Isis, tho Cam and tho Thames. Three years ago I had the xileasurc of seeing nn old Goelong boy, Mr. William Robortson tho Younger, at liis father's old collogo, Wadham. If ho was rowing on tho losing sido in tlio fol lowing year, Goelong knows that Oxford pulled a good race, and if thoy sympathised with such defeat, gloried that tho winning boat contained a Fairbairn. Such a record, as well ns the fact that tho first " Intercolonial Schools' Boat Race " rowed iu Australia fell to tho Geolong Grammar School would inako many a lad of Mr. O'Brien's temperament wisli to bo sont hither that lie might get into the crew and share its glories. I witness the xiresont crew in a match with another four of tho Barwon club. Tho boys are much lighter, and are thoroughly "ex tended," but tlicy win. It is almost as exciting as tho " bumping races " at Oxford. Here buggies are driving along tho banks of tlio Barwon, and boys running and shouting encouragement te thoir friends. It reminds mo very much of the banks of tho Isis in '86, when I saw Mr. William Robortson rowing for Wadham, and particularly admired tho young undergraduate who cheered ou his collcgo mates with loud cries of " Go it Jesus ! " Tho senior classical master, Mr. J. L. Cuth- bertsou, B.A., of Merton College, Oxford, has tho crow under his xiarticular training. Geolong Grammar School is " head of tho river " as far as the public sohools aro concerned, and Mr. Cuthbortson means to keep it there. When boys havo a master who shares in anil directs thoir sports thoy aro all tho more likely to follow attentively his tuition in school. I am asked to see the boys "both in and out of sohool." Tho invitation to a trip down tho Barwon to Lako Conncwarre is one which on somo future day I hope to accept and renow my youthful experiences in company with the boys. I bogin to foei younger as I walk round tlio collego escorted by Mr. Cuthbortson. AYo havo mutual acquaintances at Merton, and talk of tlicm and of tho old Slitrc, dear to all American travellers, and of which 1 havo happy reminiscences. I am introduced to tho crow, fino lads who some day hope to bo pro moted to row in somo college eight on sliding scats. Tho refectory, quadrangle, class rooms studies and dormitories nro shown mc, and I talk to their occupants, lads from all parts of Australia. For Geolong Grammar Sohool is now so woll known that it may be said to bo an Australian instead of a moro Viotorian sohool Talking to Mr. Cuthbortson and Mr. Garrard in tho Masters' Smoking Boom, you got au idoa of the tone of tho school lifo, whioh is essoutially ono of manliness. You fcol that lads will be turned out men from thi3 grammar sohool as well as scholars. A very dear friend of mine, a cousin of one of Scotland's foremost litterateurs onco Baid to me, "I know I'm not olovor, but I come of a raco of gontlomen who were always straight." Tho dominant prineiplo at tho Gee long Grammar School axipears to' bo "to go straight." This is strongly defined in the school Qua rterly, a very interesting literary production, now in its thirteenth year. I wonder if tho noxt number will contain tho account of tho Suartnn heroism of tho youngster from Shrewsbury who cut off his finger tho othor day whilst fooling witli an axe. He didn't groan or cry, but aftor Dootor Smith arrived, summoned by tbo telcxihonc, begged somo absolute alcohol, and proudly showB the dissovorcd inembor to all strnngors. 