" Lover and Lord. Chapter XXIV.—Continued. \- Bnt hor heart boat only tlio more wildly, bor throat and month grow ' paroled, end, though Vancostoyod more than an hour with bis mother,, it wns not. Lentil she heard the door open and their voices echoing in tbo hall thnt eho : fott?id resolution lo descend the ntairs J and stand in her brother 'a presence. She) looked, like a ghost, qb duo stood white arid trembling, uiinblo to nrticulsto ,'a vrord, bnfc raising eyes of hopeless en ? treaty to hfa. Even Vanoo, Etnrn as .bio resentment was, and just no ho folt it to bo, vjna 8 little moved and eofieriod; ho had intended to. raise his bat, no to a stranger, nnd pose on. Now, to his tnother'o astonished—'Why, Vanco, it is Cristine!' he answered with cold gentleness, 'How do yon do, Cristine V . —and just touched her hand with fingers at which oho caught with a passionately grateful clutch. It was the strangost mooting between brother and Bister; bat Cristino felt it web something gained; and, as tho tall handsome young man passed ont into the sunlit street, she drew a. long breath of relief. ,-? ? What are yon sighing about ?' MrB Brace asked almost indignantly, as she led tho way back into, the sitting-room and plumped contentedly down into, the aearest seat. 'If ever there was a. happy day, this is one.' Cristino did not answer ?— hsrdly listened indeed—a faot which her mother was too brimful of dolightfal excitement to resent, or even notice. ' Fanoy, Cristine 1 Vance is married, and' making so much money, and, as Bonjuda says, on the.way to be a great man; and be has one sweet little girl onllsd * Nora,' and the best wifo in the world,' But the fashion in which her mother's news woe delivered was a little too much for Otietine. With one item tumbling over another, and ell mixed pollmell, she could only gather that Vanco wSa married—in itself a startling and significant fact that might natorally influence bis attitude towards her. ?Try to tell mc the story coherently, mother,' she said more patiently than oho usually epoke; ' remember, I know Bothing yet, and an eager to know all. . Her attention was now vividly ewake ; ahe drew her choir a little nearer, and listened with eager interest to the story Mrs Bruce had to tell. It was briefly the story of Vance's wooing and wedding, and hie rapid professional encces?, which, with a porfeot belief in the truth of his words, he ascribed wholly and solely to his wife. ' But for her I should have been a penniless vagabond to-day, mother,' he bad said, proudly. ?I am a vagabond '. still, of oonree, but a vagabond with a balance at my bankers', and a very respectoblo vieiting-list —which is a vagabond with a difference, bb yon know. , 'I told him I did know, , Mrs Brnce finished, turning with perfect seriousness to her daughter. ' I said Baron Ben juda—ho knows all about the Baron, Oriesie—told as that the world had quite changed ite opinion since I was a girl, and actors were people of consideration now. Ho laughed, ssid the Baron was quite right, and again that ho owed all this consideration to his wife. , 'And when are wo to see this paragon of perfection ?' Gristino asked, unable to repress the habitual sheer, though she was honestly anxious for the answer. MB Brace's face clouded a little. ? Well, not jnst at present; the baby ie not four treoke old, and he docs not think Nettie—that is, his wife—conld bear the excitement yet. , Crietino Singleton pondered in some perplexity tho words that wore a mere disappointment, not to be questioned or examined, to hor mother. Hor ncnto intellect saw something in a prohibition that left the reconciliation incomplete, end she vainly sought to affix a reason to it. There conld hardly be danger to the most nervous patient in the visit of avowedly friendly persons, and Vaiioe must hnvo seen that Mrs Bruoe was pre pared to receive berjnew daughter-in-law with something approaching rapture. Was it deeignod to keep hor at n distance, or was Vance's home-life not ao altogothor chermingusho wished them to believe ? ' Did bo give you bis address 1' eho eekod abruptly; and Mra Brnce shook hor head. 'No, my dear; I forgot to ask him for it. Ho eaid the first day Nettio conld coma oat he would bring her here.' Bnt'it was hardly Nettio; her brother's conduct wee auroly prompted by Gomo othor motive than care.for her, hio delicate wifo. In her rastlees suspicion 6 fratio of mind Qriotino folt that sho should know no peaco until fiho had solved tha mystery. Long before conjecture had bad time to exhaust itself on. the subject, Baron BcDJada, more radiant, imposing-looking, cud masterful than ever in his now character of accepted- losor,- bad mado his appearance and claimod all her atten tion and al) her care. 110 wee so largo and important a pereonogo, it seemed only natural to allow him a clear etago in one's thoughts, and even Mrs Bruco. allowed Vanco to be forgotten whilo this comfortable discoursed in his rich Bonotpu? tones of love and moneys Ho was the most colidly satiEfaotory of lovers, if to a more eentimeatal fancy ho , might havo been held to fall soniothiog short of ideal,. perfection. A fow brief quectioDs cc to Crintinb'B positiou nod prospects, which a shrewd gueea at tho Boron'u cbnractcr lod Mro Braco to onager with wiso franknes?,,and then ho turned to tho moro ogrcooblo oitlo of the' : Bubject, nnd, lolling back very, much at his caee in tho biij chuii , ho haJ placed .between, thorn, spoko of whet ho meant to Uo for the wifo nml topthor.in-law, .who in faluro must leotn -to look wholly r.-to him.' ::?: ?.?.'?.?,.?'. ?'.'.- .'.,'-. ?.? ;.?;'. ?: Xt was like a dream of Pactolao to tho ' ?. two".woolen ebo bod knowa tho cruel aaJ gtitsd of gentoel-protentiooa poVo.'ty to ..lo.tft'?.;; Ihey liatonod with eiser i-yto anilipe opatl tha fall rich; voicaflowed ovonly on, in talk 4 of PcUjomeiitts and pint money nnd basking ficcounts for present need," ;?_' Lord do Grotton wajj a:tioh man, andbsd saomed to their thon views lavjuhly iibarol; but there vraa a toach of Eustcrn magni ficence nbout the B.irmi'n ideals wbich threw thc-80 ot tho dead man completely into theehnde. > 'You are too generous, Baron,' Mra Brace ori-id nt last,, tears of real grati tude rising in kss ojes, n tonob of true i fueling niDhinjc lior nttuianco hueky nnd' indistinct j while Cristino eat with cloopod baudo and down-bent head, wildly wondering if this tvoro to be her punish ment—if the gates of Poradiee were-to Etving back before her, only to olosa in exorably in hor foco—if all tbefairy-gold rained down in this glittoring shower vronld change. within her grasp to withered leaves. * ' Tat, tat, my deer madatu,' the Baron said, with sovereign graoionenees, well pleased alike with himself and her—in truth, the aense of royal condescension on his pert was moro delightful to him than any groat allianoe wonld have been—' the lhante are duo from mc. It is my privilege to: give, your pearl ? splendid setting. , 'The 'pearl' thus apo?trophised did hor boat to smile in gratefol acceptance of tho compliment, but the effort wan hardly successful. ' Oristine must thank yon,' Mrs Bruce mnrmured as she wiibdrovr, think ing at the same time that sbo conld havo performed, the duty much better than her daughter, trho in this the moment of, hor triumph had grown strangely listless spiritless, and dull. She looked op cc tho door closod, and sow Benjada holding a diamond snake ring ready to oltp upon her finger. Somehow the sight brpnght back that othor ring that had been tha seal of Norn's Bruce's betrothal, tho fiery serpent that bad goaded that unbnppy girl to madness and doatb, and . worse than doatb. Did ?hia hold Bnch a sting for her, a just rstribntivo sting 7 Bbo withdrew her hand, with a Rhnrp impnl eivo cry; and a shudder that r.iu tlirongh her whole frame. The Baron drew back with a very dis pleased look; ho wbb slow to take eftonco, clow to that any one could moan to offend him; bat her movement had been unmistakable —ho mnst needs iesent it.' Before he could pnt hie anger into porde however, she caught his bands, and, looking into hie oyoo, said with a quick hysteric sob— ? You are too good to mo—a real King Cophetna; and I, a true beggar-msid, have nothing to offer in return.' Tho ring slipped on easily after that, ?nd the white hand on which it glittered was raised with gallant grace to the Baron's lipe. This wa3 the homage that ho liked best;--the role of King Oophotna exactly euited bim, ho thought. Oophotoa was enrol? the wiiest of kinge, a truo opionro of feeling, & To to continued. 