TEMPED TO DEATH : v THE BOMANGE OF TWO FAMILIES. Br Q. MAm-ILLE FENN. Author of ' Tub Master of the Ceremonies,' 4 Double Canning, 'Morgan's Horror', etc. Chapter XLV. — Feed Dean Shows Notjs. Fred Dean's plans were getting ripe one morning as lie walked up and down his room, wilh Chops, the dog, at his heels, turning as he turned, till his master causrfifc sight of hia action and began to compare him with him self. 4 That's just it,' ho said : 4 he's going on,, never tiring, as if hunting down a oat ; and here am I going oa just in the same way, never tiring, but just like a bull-doghunting down my eat ; and I think we shall have her yet. Tain t a nice trick, though ; don't like it ; but what can a fellow do when he has undertaken such a task V This question seemed to trouble Mm a little, and sitting down he took hold of. his ao.y's cropped ears, and lifted its head up on to his laiees. ' Time old Ramrod was here,' he muttered, referring to his watch ; but before he had returned it to its pocket there was a heavy step upon the stairs, and a sharp decided knock preceded the entrance of Sergeant Pike. As a rule, a stranger entering tiro rooms of Frederic:; Dean was saluted by a volley of barking from Rose and a few awkward charges with fixed bayonets from Chops ; but on the present occasion so much quiet existed in the place that it seemed evident that Mr. Turner Pike was no stranger. This was the case; for his visit to tho bachelor chambers had been rather frequent of late — visits over which the old man's memory had been stimulated by draughts of sparkling, creamy beer, from wired bottles. The sergeant's snuff box, too, somehow became replenished as often as he wished; while after Ms first visit he took to smoking the good cigars Fred handed to him, in a fashion of his own ; for after carefully spreading a paper upon tho tible, he would draw out his clasp knife, whet it upon his boot-solo, and then shred the Havanna up quite finely be fore charging an old black pipe with the odorous contents, and smoking calmly, the wrinkles all the while fast disappearing out of his countenance as he went on turning the choice tobacco-leaf into a gray-ash, pausing every minute to answer some question, or to think with Ms head on one side, like a vener able magpie, as he stroked his cheek with one finger, where a hollow seemed to have been Worn by the friction. . But it was not without considerable persua sion that the old man could bring himself bo sit down in the presence of a superior officer, for the old routine clung to him stiffly, from his walk to his speech,, but finding persuasion slow, Fred added an order, when the oldman placed himself upon the extreme verge of a chair. ' Weel, laddie, 1 said the sergeant, that morning after a long examination, 4 you're officer, and I'll tak' my orders ; . but what's tae good o' fright'ning the birds when they're wide o' tae trap 7 Why not bide awee? \- Published by special arFSuwRJiuani with the author Because matters are growing ripe, ser geant, said Fred. 4 And ye're gaeiiTg to do't, sir. Yes, did chap, I am ; so be ready, and I promise yon that, come what may, 111 bear the brunt, and you shall come out clear.' ; A weel, aweel, sir,' said the- sergeant, rising, I'll dot, but Ifeelsair abootifc.' " r 4Ah well, a you say, sergeant, then I'll see that the soreness passes off. Come along now. The sergeant was in the middle of a pipe, which he put out, with a sigh, by pouring a litfcleteer into the bowl.' and then descend - : ing tho stairs they passed out together, and ; soon after separated, each to carry oat his part of a plan. Harris Morley sat in his laboratory, .but the chemicals were untouohed. He w$s half mad with chagrin and. the pain of KhTposi- tion. Weakly he had submitted to the silken web, spun- carefully round" him, and now a vision had dawned upon him of a brighter life that' might have been Ms. Ho had spent hours in tho society of the Australians ; ho had conversed with Mary Dean, and gazed long and wistfully into the pure and transparent mind laid open before him. Then he had "recalled the words oft repeated by Blanche, and noted, too, the anxious glances she had directed towards him time after time when they bad talked of tho coming of the Deans ; but other thoughts came Mn»upon hhn, too, — :the thoughts of Ms mother's test hours, and the premise he had given her that, for Blanche's short life, his should be one of devotion, that he would be to the weak, wan, helpless girl, fether, brother, all, while he lived ; and no other affection should divide his heart. And now ho felt that he had proved a traitor to his trust, for step by step, during the poor girl's life, the enemy had sapped his defences, till she hung over him. in triumph, and it maddened him to think of how willing a captive lie had. become Time, something akin to love had been born, within his breast ; but since the major's daughters had arrived, and he had learned the sad history of their sufferings, a newer and. purer passion had. arisen, and his soul revolted against tho web which fettered hiia. But what could he do ? Ho was. bound in honour to fulfil his promise— the promise he had made in an hour of weakness — a promise to be fulfilled at some future time. . 4 Not while my sister lives,' ho had whis pered, and "Mrs. Leviguo, not in the least surprised at his stipulation, had gained even more sway over Mm by the tender ingenuous manner in which sho spoke of the suffering girl. It was no passionate love scene which ensued only a few days before the poor girl's death, but affectionate enough to make Blanche hurst forth into a wail of- misery as . she opened the door softly, and stood gazing speechlessly; and listened, unable to stir, to acts and words which seemed rs if they would render her wretched for life. Poor Blanche was at rest, and the enemy trinmpbant. The obstacle to Harris's mar riage had been removed from Ms path, and there seemed to be no reason now why he should not fulfil Ms promise. Harris felt this, and wished for help to free him from that tie. Help comes often from sources whence it is least expected, and so here.: though when Frederick Dean presented himself in the labo ratory, it was only by an effort that Harris could refrain from telling him to go. But a glance at the young mart's worn and pallid face, the worry and anxiety imprinted so plainly upon it, made him soften Ms tone and otter his hand to him cordially, for he recalled Ms love for the dead sister whose memory seemed to trouble Harris strangely ' now. " Don't be put oat, Harry, said Fred, after half an hour's hesitation, and converse on subjects foreign to the purpose for wMch be had come, but I want to talk to you once more about your marriage. There, don't . explode, there's a good fellow,' he said, deprecatingly, I wouldn't speak to you, only I must. Poor little Blanehey was talk ing to me about it only the night before: — — Frederick Dean choked, and hesitated not to pull out Ms handkerchief and use it freely for a few minutes. 4 Can't help it, old fellow,' he said. f I'm soft, and I know it. You see, it's being so big, I suppose ; but I never could stand themiseries of this life like I nan the pleasures. Poor little lass ! she was talking to me about it, and begging metotiy and stop it, and I did promise her ; and then all that put it out of our heads for a while, and then there was the doming back of the poor girls but I was obliged to take up some thing and drive away the miserable, so I took to what I know would have pleased Aer, poor darling— I've been runningsomeone to earth. Harris Morley sat pale and frowning, but he half turned Ms back to the speaker, and. began busying himself with some of the bottles before him. 4I can't help it, old fellow, if you are put out; but, being almost your brother, I must tell you all about it, for, you see, Harry, you ve been limed. &amssiarted; and looked round. 'Well, trapped, caught, you know;' and then, without noise, Fred stepped lightly to \- the door, and opened it to confront Mrs. Le- vi gne, who advanced smiling, with a note in her hand, and gave If to Harris, who took it withofffc a word, white the bearer slowly turned to leave the room, and tried to close the door after her ; but Frederick Dean objected upon the score of the closeness of the place, and set it wide opeu, so that it was impossible -for anyone to pl&y; the eavesdropper. ; The young man then returned;, smiling .grimly, to his seat; while : after casting tho tradesman's circ»dar away with&n; impatient 'Pish ! ' Harris Morley glanced suspioiously :"onee more at his visitor, for a vague sense of uneasiness had come upon him, and he was ready to clutch at any straw which should offer itself. You're savage, Harry,' said Frederick Dean. . . 4 No, no ; but I'm ill and agitated. There j talk; say something, or else go. No, stop: There,' ha cried, leaning his burning head upon his hand, don't take any notice of me, Fred, for I am not myself.' 4 Put your head into a noose — that's what you've dons,' said the other. 4 Blindly as ever man did yet ; but I'm going to string for you, my boy — that is, you know, if you'll let me. No; I shan t speak lower, for I'm not afraid of my words being heard ; but, perhaps, it might be as well, for I expect you will want your eyes very widely open ; indeed, before you will condescend to see what I have found out for you. The matter is pretty well ripe now, and would do for anyone else, but I suppose that you will be as hard as you always were, and want no end of convincing. Now, look here, Harry,' he said, seriously, 4 yen must not marry this woman.' Harris sat gazing silently at Mm as he continued : And I'll tell you why, old fellow — she has a husband living. There ! stop ! don't be rash..' 4 Hush, fool ! Be quiet V hissed Harris, as he held tightly by the breast of the others coat. 4 Is that true?' 4 True Yes, as we are here, and that you are acting like a lunatic.' 4 But can you prove it?' gasped Harris, to whom, bright rays of hope seemed flashing down. 4 Prove it I Of course, or else I should not say what I have said. But I say, old fellow, I d no idea that the wind had shifted round to that quarter. I expected to- be lialf- murdered for my insolence in hinting such a thing, and, or course, I like this rather better. ' 4 Go on,' cried Harris, ' in an agitated manner. 4 But do . your cousins know of this? 4 Go en V said Frederick Dean. 4 No ; I shall go on no further myself, but prove all to you step by step with witnesses whose evidence you will feel compelled to believe. You see I've been at great pains over this case ; it has taken up a .great deal of time, too, anil that has seemed to do me gGod, as well as the knowledge that I am fulfilling someone's wishes. She never liked it, Harry, and talked to me often about the gradual in fluence that woman was iretting over you; and I could see then, when my "eyes were open to the fact, that it was a planned thing throughout. But, there, what could we do? You seemed to have made your plans, and turned angry with that poor child whenever she spoke to you about it. Now, didn't you ?' Harris groaned. 4 1 call her 44 that poor child," ' said Fred, lighting a cigar by rubbing the vesuvian upon Ms boot sole, 4 because, after all, old chap, she was only a child; and if she had lived I don't think we should ever have been married, but I should have gone on to the end petting and spoiling her. I think, you know, now, and very often too, that my feelings towards her— what I call love, you know — were just about the same a3 those you felt towards her. Poor little Blanehey J The dragoon's pocket-handkerchief was brought out again, and a few genuine tears of sorrow fell upon it as tho removed cigar, wMch he contemplated, slowly sent its aromatic odour in tiny wreaths towards the ceiling. Tell me what yon are going to do, and how you mean to proceed,' cried Harris at length, rousing himself from the wild musings into which the young man's words had plunged him. 4 Do ? Well ; I'm going to take youquietly somewhere and let you. judge for yourself. You see I've had an enemy. Not that I'm surprised at that for it was my own folly that made Mm, and he has had a piece of paper of mine that 1 wanted to get back, and hunting him for that brought me into eontact with other matters that were of more im portance, and so it came about that I got hold of one end of a curious thread, and have been reeling it off ever since.' He ceased, talking, evidently expecting some remark from his companions, bpt as he remained silent, Fred continued : 4 It's wonderful how , things come out, too, in such matters ; here I found a regular good friend in the enemy's camp — a stern straight forward old fellow, an old soldier ; and the very knowledge that I was in the army seemed to warm Mm towards me, and you know, if I say to him 44 'tendon," he dra ws himself up stiff as a poker, salutes, and answers any question I put to him. What ?' 4 Are you sure that you are not mistaken over this ?' said Harris Morley, in a huBky voice. 4 Mistaken I said tho other, with A quiet laugh. 4 Well, we'll, see.'" 4 But about persona— ate you sure P 4 Sure? Yes. I'm sure your housekeeper— jianecc, if you like to call -her so — visits regularly at the apartments of one Captain Verrey, as he dubs himself,, a low gaming house tout, a blackleg, a swindler, a. scoundrel, that I've thrashed, sir, he cried excitedly — 4 thrashed for robbing me ; and he is her husband, and holds her in his power, of course ; and do you know what that means?' Harris shook bis head. 4 Well, I'll you.; it means fixing himself like a ledch, and keeping on, suck, suck, suck, till the-victim had no more blood left. He had nie fined ten pounds once for a gambling transaction — he turned informer— ' and dreadfully galled I was about it ; but I tell you what, it was hundreds in my pocket, — I'm not going to say how much, for of course I don't know ; but now I come to think of it, it must have been through Mm that I was always so short of money for I've felt quite fiush ever since, and when I have got that paper out of him, I shall be a happy man ; white if I don't, I shan't care much if you are freed. Won't you try a cigar, old chap V _ Harris Morley put aside the proffered cigar, and talked long and earnestly with the young man till dinner was announced, to which Fred stayed, greatly to Mrs. Levigue's annoyance. And she, too, locked careworn and agitated. Every now and then hor gaze was directed anxiously towards the door, as if sho expected a visitor ; and although Frederick Dean was quiet and gentlemanly, talking continually upon the ordinary topics of the day, yet she ill- concealed a certain amount of uneasiness, and looked lialf- wildly at Mm from time to time. 4 Sho heard part of what I said,' mut tered Fred to himself ; 4 and pon my soul it seems a shame to interfere with her game, for she's a noble-looking woman, and I believe she likes him. Bat poor Blanohey ! what a horror she always had of her ! And then about Mary V Fred broke off here to shake his head very solemnly, and help him self largely to vegetables i As for Harris, he was silent throughout the dinner, replying only in monosyllables to tho questions of Mrs. Levigne — questions, put in a quiet anxious manner, as to whether he was ill or fatigued. Bat finding that' no explanations could come while a third party. was present, she became silent too. For Frederick Dean was right ; Mrs. Levigne had heard a part of the conversa tion — though not enough to do more than rack her brain to find out its meaning. The growing coldness of Harris had not passed unnoticed, aud most eagerly had she set her self to watch ..his ©very movement, even though each chilling word stung her to the heart. 4 To have dared so much !' she cried to herself,. as she passed up and down her room at night, her long black hair floating over her shoulders, and her dark eyes dimmed with the tears that would flow. 4 To have dared so much ; and now for these children to come over the sea to rob me !' And then she would conjure up the face of Mary Dean in all its-saddened beauty, and her own grow dark aud pinched as sho thought of the interest attached to the sufferings of the voyage, and recalled the gentle manners of Harris when, the sisters had been in Great Bear street. Her thoughts at times would" be almost maddening — more than she could bear, as she muttered to herself : 4 For this — for this to have dared all; to make the way open for another I' And at such times the veins in the woman's forehead would swell, her lips turn parched and craek, while her eyes seemed bloodshot. Sleep ! — how could she sleep, with her brain throbbing pitilessly, and every nerve bound ing as she goaded herself again and again- with the thoughts of the past, aud trembled for the future, and the defeat of her plans I But rest would come at length— opiate-pi o- duced sleep— after, perhaps, trying to cool her head at the opened window ; and at such times could Harris Morley have seen the woman who had staked her soul gain Ma love and the position it should bring with it, he would have shuddered, and turned and fled; for hers was the face of one in whom hope seemed dead, and despair to have taken up its home. Opiate produced deep at last ; but not coming gently, to steep its seeker in soft slumbrous trances before deep took full possession of the senses ; but coining in short spasms, from which Hester Levigne would start up with a faint cay and gaze around, holding her heavy hair back from her .brows and Ustening: intently, ere with a sigh die turned to her pillow to sleep once more ; but in a few minutes to start again perhaps to cry, 4 Who called? and sit up, with the dew standing upon her forehead and shining, in the pale rays of the night light ; when again, with a shuddering sigh, she would lie down, perchance this timeto sleep heavily for hours.- But once her soul must have been more overwrought ; for at the stillest hour of tho night, when not even the distant rumble of a cab could be heard echoing along the streets, die suddenly started up, rose hastily as she cast back the wMte coverlid, and stood pale and ghost- like upon the chamber floor ; a few step's forward, and then a stoppage, with head down, eyes glaring, mouth half open, nostrils distended — every sense on the strain, as if she listened intently; then to the door, to listen again ; back to the night-light, and then, slowly and noiselessly, "tho faint rays placed behind the chimney board to leav© the room in darknessonly relievedby the softened radiance stealing through the closely-drawn hiiiads— -a pallid light;, but sufficient to show the .white figure softly- gliding across the rbom, the bare feet noisdess upon the carpet ; then the soft click of the door, and, as it rustled over the carpet in opening, sounds from down stairs in the stillness of the summer night— the feint" chirping crickets in the kitchen, while one amorous fellow plays his serenade loudly from some comer in the hall, his stridulation rising, quickly andL sharply to the listener's ears. Perhaps— perhaps"- she hears nothing ex ternal ; perhaps it is the working olan over wrought Main. And these faint' sounds of the night are lost upon her assheslowly crosses the landing, leans over the bulnstrade, and seems to listen ; then back to the door on the other side, to turn the handle softly a-nd, enter, (dosing it after her. The blinds are drawn down here, too, and thefaint light is barely sufficient to show the wMte figure crossing the room to the bed, to lean 'over it and listen; and then whisper three times over : 4 Blanche T Blanche! Blanche!' Faint, soft whispers of the name whose owner once slept in that impressed bed. But louder cries would hot wake her now, though imagination paints the strangely wrinkled young fac9 peering into tho muslia-draped toilet-glass; and memory recalls the sweeuy- modulated plaintive airs she sang. But the noise awakens not poor Blanche ; and the caller's hand, is heard to pas3 again and again over the table at the bedside, as if . seeking something that is not there. Then motions as of pouring something from 4 bottle are gone through ; the figure again bends over the untenanted bed ; and the name is repeated, to fell only upon the empty air ; and then once more the carpet is crossed and the door closed. Strange and wild must at times have been tho dreaming hours of Hester Levigne; ' while day by day, in spite of every care and trick tliat tho toilet could lend, she "grew : paler and more anxious -eyed ; far there was the fire burning within her breast whoso red tongues "lick up slowly the beauties of , youth, and leave -there but ashes of the former self. Ghaptee XTjVT. — Lowssrxo Clouds. Times had been very hard with Turner Pike, and he said that his life was a sore : burden. The interest of one or two old officers had procured for him the post of sexton at. a neighbouring church — a post which entailed no grave digging, but merely that he should wear a. black gown covered with black worsted tassels, wMch looked as if they were tufts of a kind of black undertaker's moss growing upon a rusty funeral elnak ; and that, when robed in this said gown, which hung most ungracefully upon his peggy person, besides having bom made for his predecessor, who was a much shorter man, he should open the doors of vestry, pulpit, reading-desk, and the gate in the communion rail, closing them after the officiating minister, and carry a penny cane and frown at the small boys. Light enough tasks for the old mam and tolerably well paid in .coin, of which. Mrs.. Pike contrived to possess her self when the appointed days came round ; but, though not arduous duties, as" a Presbyterian, Turner Pike complained of them, and once told a brother Scot that his . Sundays were now so taken up that he never had time to attend a place of worship. Turner Pike was very short of money, and Mrs. Pike had gone to meeting. Snuff was quite out, so was : tobacco ; and upon ahjnt to that effect being given to Mrs. Pike before die absented herself from home, aim. had sharply intimated that it was quarterly night at the chapel, and all her spare coin would be required for the ministers offerings, while the sergeant , had riot been supplied, by Feed during the last few days; 4 He will not eomeuow, tho laddie, and a man must have his bitofsnuff,' said Turner Pike to himself, as soon, as he was alone, 4 and I can't think without a pipe now and then.' » So, upon the strength of these necessities, the thin- bladed knife' was again procured, div rs listenings followed, while a loud 4 Hem !' from tho captain, who was for a wonder at home, made the guilty man start and shiver. Another pause, though, told him that all was right .; aud stepping lightly on tiptoe, he was aboutr to grasp the- box. ' upon the chimney-piece, when a fancied noise madehim turn his head, and, Ms next , stop fell on tho drab cat's foot, producing, a. , bowl and an outrageous amount ofswearing ; but as Mrs. Pike was from home, tho box was none the heavier for the profane deed. The night certMnly' was' warm, but it might have been up- to a: hundred by the . thermometer on the old wheel weatherglass, judging by thedew which stood upon, Mr. Pike's face as he turned the box first on one > side and then on the other, manipulating and working the thin knife-blade in various directions. > ' Now he was peering at the sut, Across which, like so many tormenting gnomes, Ihb ki various coins flitted but not one would come out . First a George III shilling, graceful- throated and worn, peeped at him and then slid oil, passing beyond the range of vision ; then a William IV. four penny- piee e slipped pact ; by and bye a George YI. shilling pre sented its edge, and was about to bound out ; but no, it seemed to . alter its intention directly after, and was gone into the dark realms, where rolled over and over scores of coins, from farthings to two- shilling-pieces. Once, when making pre liminary investigations, Sergeant Pike had caught sight of a half-sovereign ; but iu. liis wildest hopes he never imagined that the solitary piece of gold could be brought out; in fact, he would most probably have returned it had it been before him upon the table, the venture being too large, while -the possession of so heavy a sum in ready cash would perhaps havo led him into extrava gances which might have betrayed him, and he was a Lowland Scot, and cautious to a degree. Fate seemed against him, for not a coin could he secure until, after a spiteful rattle, out sprang a battered half-penny, which in his disgust he thrust back into the slit. The box was heavy with, cash, much of it undoubtedly of the baser metal ; but, as Mr. Pike dolefully said when repenting of his haste iu returning -the piece, twelve half pence made saxpencc, and more might have followed. But the pieces would not follow, only gambol backwards and forwards across the slit aud dodge the knife-blade, till Mr. Pike perspired furiously, and shook the box again and again, but without success. At last, though, he gave the box a vicious jerk, and at the conclusion found a sixpence resting over the edge of the slit. Only a little care iow was needed, and his face gleaming with the anticipation of the fumes of many pipes. nostrils distending — rather an unneces- lary proceeding— as if to receive pinches of Scotch and rappee, Pike poked and wheedled at the coin's milled edge, when a- sharp knock at the door, and a hasty start above stairs, undid all the toil, and the box was replaced. The visitor was admitted, the sergeant making the least of himself behind the door, , its a silk dress rustled along the passage, and its owner, declining to be announced, walked hastily up tlie staircase to the captain's room, where she was evidently expected. The sergeant closed the door, nodded a good many times to himself, and then returned to the little parlour and took down the box, muttering to himself at the noise he made in so doing ; but before the kuife-blade had been inserted there came a slight tap at the window, which caused him to hurriedly re -open the front door. Sergeant Pike's next proceeding was to place the flat candlestick he had so well polished that morning just behind the door, and squeeze himself by Ms visitors, leading the way quietly upstairs towards the room, where voices could be heard as if in anger ; Ihe blustering tones of a man and the deep fierce utterances of a woman. Had the speakers been less intent, they would have beard tlie ascending steps, and ilxe rustling against the slight partition ; but ihere was no break in the conversation, even when, in a low whisper, the master of the house said, to further exemplify Ms Scottish prudence : 4 And ye found the door open, mind, while I had just gone out to speak to a aeebour !' Frederick Lean replied by pointing down >he stairs and saying, 4 Take away that fight.' The sergeant obeyed, and the next moment the lieutenant stood holding by both wrists Harris Morley, lest In his anger he should dash into the room before he had heard suffi cient to prove the assertions made respecting Mrs. Levigne. 4 But,' whispered Hams, 4 1 hate this eavesdropping, Fred. It seems cowardly.' 4 When you are fighting someone in particular, ought it not to be with Ms own : weapons ?' wMspered Fred in reply ; and ' then in silence the two men stood listening to the conversation going on, waiting to eon- front Hester Levigne when she was about to leave. It was fevident that an angry meeting was in progress, for now the words came in loud, liissing, angTy whispers, as if the speakers had suddenly awakened to the fact that they might he overheard. Once the listeners started, as it was evident that the male speaker had heavily smitten the table with his fist ; for there was the jingling noise of a glass containing a spoon wMch had jarred with the blow. Then oaths, and a point- blank refusal, followed by -the noise of a chair pushed aside, and the rustling of garments, as if a female had left her seat. Frederick Hean felt the wrists he clutched tremble, for Harris Morley well knew the peculiar sweeping noise of those stiff folds, and this tame they seemed to bring with them, the recollections of a shadow dominating his sister's life, and for the first time, in spite of his passion, the thought came — 4 Were Blanche's suspicions true V (to be coxtixced.) 