The Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS, By p Emmnsua Garrison Joues. CHAPTER XIV. TILE PLOT TIIICKENS. S.'venoaks and Cavendish Manor, as we before stated, were contiguous, and were two as tine estates as the county cotrained. The manpr belonged to Lady Drummond for her life-time, and it was her customn to visit the old place once or twice a year. It was therefore quite opportune that Lord Strathspey and his party were going to Sevenoaks, as Lady Cecilia was quite anxious to make one of her annual visits. She at once caused Sir Varne3, who was a most dutiful and shlcdent husband, to dispatch invitations to their numlerous friends, to meet them at the manor for the shooting season ; and at her suggestion the Earl of Strathspey did the same thing Accordingly, when they reached the end of their journey, the earl's party found a gay assemblage of friends await ing them. ' e are going to have a delightful season," remarked Lady Drumn?und, Sand you rmy thatnk me for it, msy lord : you and .ŽSir Varney would have moped l:ere all alone, a:al popped your solitaay rgus, if I had not come to the rescue. ?Jen are so absurdly stupid !" My lady showed her white teeth in a flashing smile, as the earl Ianded lier into a carriage that was to convey her to the manor, and put out her white jewel led hand to bid him farewell. "1 shall expect to see a great deal of you at the manor," sle said, adding, with a peculiar look in her eyes and a faint suggestien of regret in her voice; " you used to like the manor years ago." " And 1 like it yet," replied the earl, gallantly ; "and shall certainly avail myself of your kind invitation. Of course you'll not wait to be invited to Sevenoaks you and Sir Varney." The pleasant, good-natured, unsus picious baronet bowed, while his flashing lady replied: S"Not I, my lord earl; I always go lahererer I pllease, and it will certainlly pleasre ue to *come to Sevenoaks. But I're fallen into shocking habits of late; you know how I gallop? Well, I shoot, ton ! I shoot pheasants, nmy lord !" The earl did raise his eyebrows in well bred surprise, and the gay countess broke into a rinuging laugh. "And I follosw the hsounds," shle con tinued, and indulge in all manner of masculine pleasuaes, 3ir Varney likes it, out you are shocked, my lord I' Sir Vainey smiled indulgently on the bewitching creature who bore his name and title, and Lord Strathspey protested gallantly that nqthing her ladyship pleased to do could shock him. 615 Meanwhile, the countess and her two children, and their two nurses, waited patiently in the Sevenoaks' carriage, Colonel Chudleigh and his wife and several other friends having driven on ahead. "How my Lord Strathspey do admire Lady Drnmumond," whispered Lela to Judith, with a peculiar expression in her black eyes. Judith gave her a nudge. " Why don't you hush ?"ehe said, "and tend to Lord Angus. IHe's tearing the trimming fromt his coat." But Lela was not to be silenced. "Only watch him, Judith," she con tinued, in a loud whisper; "his very eyes dance as he looks at her i And she be a very lovely woman, nmy Lady Drum mond. What a pity the countess ain't like her." "Will you hold your tongue 1" re turned Judith, gathering Lady Pearl in her arms and moving to the opposite side. " How savage you are, to be sure," continued Lela; "t'ain't no hIirm I'm say ing;, I'mi sure, and everyone knows it. The coaehnlant was speaking about it last night, and lie says tha; the earl and Lady Drumnsusnd used to be lovers, and tlat-" "Shirt up, I say!" snapped Judith, her brown eyes fairly blazing, for, glanc ing over at her mistress, who reclined amid the cushions, she saw that she was as white as death, with a wild arid terri fied look in her lovely eyes. She had heard the nurse's idle words, if idle they were, and an awful fear tlhrilled every fibre of her being. What if it were so? She remembered the old report that the earl had once ad miired Cecilia Cavendish, and how his father's inexorable edict lad: forbidden his boyish admiration. W\at if the old fancy still lived I In her terrible pre-occupation, she had not noticed her husband, or ever dreimed of such a thing. She watched him now with all her tortured soul in her eyes. lie was standing in the afternoon sun light, his noble Iead bared, his fine face all anglow with pleasure and admiration, as Ie looked up and listened to some gay speech Lady Drummond was making. l'rescntly the lady extended her slender hand, and the earl kissed it, bowing pro foundly. "Good-bye, Lady Strathlspey," cried Lady Cecilia at that moment, as tile earl tusned and left her. "I shall expect you to drive over to the maoter every day." The countess nodded and smiled-olh, such a wasn, sad smllilu !-and made room for her beside her huslband. lie settled himself down with an airof esnjoyment, taking his son fromi Lela and establishing hiim on his knee. " Now, Sanford, drive like the wind," he called. '" I'm anxious to see the old place again. Do rouse up a little, I:ar gucrite,'" addlressing his wife, "and look at Sevenuoaks Towers in the setting siun light ; it is really annoying to have you always imsoping so." Tle countess obeyed. She roused up, ....d looked at Sevenoaks' Towers, and smiiled tad talked wirth a strani-e olitlor in hler..-y...~..a .. Beirtie- iO')Ion On her cheeks, and in her hesirt, deep in her heart, that poisoned, rankling thorn that the nurse's imprudent words had im planted. The mnanor gentry were dining at Sevenoaks, a few- days after, and to gether with the earl's guests, they nrade a large and brilliant party. All day the men lhad been popping at the pheasants in the west copice, while the ladlies dozed over French novels in thecool drawins-rooms ; but the clashing of the old tower bell had called them all together, and noIw in their best array they occupied the great drawing-room that opened into the dining hall. The long table, with its spotless damiask and glittering glass and silver, was already laid, and tlrough the gor geous streamed the red, August sunlight, making the swinging chandeliers, and costly goblets, and gilded vases, glearn and glitter as if wrought of precious stones. The Countess of Strathspey occupied a sofa at tile extreme end of the drawing room, with Colonel Chudleigh on one hand and Sir Yarney Drumnmond on the other. She was magnificently robed in a blue silk dinner dress, elaborately trimmed with old point, and in her ears and ather throat burned the old Strathspey dia monds. Iler wondrous golden hairlay over her fair brow in countless little shining curls and Iher cheeks glowed like the heart of a blush-rose, while her eyes, her lovely stpphire eyes, fairly dazzled one with the splendor of their feverish brightness. Never in all her life had M~3arguerite, Countess of Strathspey, looked more beautiful, or felt more wretched. At thl: other end of the long and magsii ficent apartment, in an embrasure of one of the stainsed windows, sat Lady Druim mond. She wore a dress of soume light, gold hued fabric, that brought out in wondrous perfection all the glorious tints of her Hebe-like face, and her Flack braids and her heavy curls were held in place by thick bands of red Indian gold. Cleopatra herself never looked more regal than did my Lady Cecilia, sitting eieleathl the gorgeous glow of the richlsy atiinedl glass. Lord Stratlhspey bent over her chair, his face glowisng and unlimated. She was tuning the leaves of -a landscape folio, talking to the earl ill the mean time. "I'im going to -shoot to-morrow." lshe said, witih an arch smile; "so you must come to the manor. l'n anxious to dis gust youl, my lord. I always was tonm boy, you knowv. Do YaOt remselmber, ,',Is-i " she begai ; -thle, with a blush,il. and drooping lids-" ntu lord, I meau. I bog a thlousarnd pardons. Thinkiing of the old dys imadle me forget; but do you rememnber wha.t rare mornings we used to have, galloping to cover down on Willow heath? Ahi, ule!" Lady Cecilia sighed, and seemed notto hear tle sarl's assurance that Ie did re miember. Presently she cohtinsied, a if half to herself : "Such rare mornings I Dear, dear, whata pity we eannot he always young and happy y! This hluiudrim mareled life is rvery prosy, don't you think so, my lordl ?" " " Well, I don't know," replied the earl. with a laugh; "I have not found seine so very prosy, but I dare say you know hest, Lady Drunsnosid." ' Of course I do," oiting her scarlet lip with vexation, but laughing garlr; "and, apropos of prosiness, we are to have a ball over at 'The Cedars.' Lady Varner drove over yesterday to tell me. The cards go out to-i aorrow, and it comes offtt on the twenty-ninth-a real fancy affulr-bal masque, you-know! You'll not find any prosiness there, I'll promise you. And now, do gueEs who's to be the lion," she added innocently, but with a sudden flasn in her Spanish eyes. "I'm sure I've no idea whatever,unless you mean yourself,' replied the earl. ".Myself ! Oh, you stupid! Meaning myself. I should have said queen!c Who's to be the lion, 1 say ? Who, indeed, but Colonel Gilbert Verney, Lady Vernrey's brother. just come home from India; and, begging your pardon, my lord your wife's old loccr-a charming man. You had better look out for yourself, my lord earl." Something in the insinuation, and in her ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spey. Ho frowled and bit his lip. "I can't see what I have to fear from Colonel Gilbert Verney," he replied, coldly. "Can't you continued the lady, in a teasing tone. "Lady Strathspey is a channing woman, and old coals are soon rekindled. The earl almost involuntarily glanced across at his wife. She was a charming woman indeed, and more charmnig, he thought, at that moment, than he had ever seen her before-she, who a day or two ago, had been so languid and listless. What could be be secret of the sudden change? " Only look at her now-the countess, I mean !" continued his companion, who had followed his glance, " is she not glorious? Such a change I Down in the Tyrol she was like a ghost. What is the secret, I wonder ? I can scarcely believe her the same person." "She's like the roet of her sex, whimsical and changeable," replied the earl. "Not so my lord," retorted Lady Cecilia, half in earnest, half in jest ; "we women always have motives, especially where our good looks are concerned. Let ine read the riddle for you. Colonel lVernel calls this evening. The coutcess thersclf told me, not an hour ago, that she erpccled dine. Can't you see, my lord ? I warned you to take care !" And again her wicked, teasing laugh rang out. For the life of him, Lord Strathspey could not conceal his vexation. Hle was just blind and simple enough to suffer this arch-enchantress to win her object, which was to rouse his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wife. These British peers are only human after all, despite their noble blood and ligh-sound ing titles, a;d as week and as full of foibles, a goodly number of theln, as the lowliest po.sahnt that pays them homage. Anlgs, Earl of Strathspey, was nto excep tion. Though a good and generous man, and pretty shrewd, lie was no without his failings. Deing the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did not make himt per feet by any means. lie glanced across, a second time, at his wife, in her shimmering laces and diamonds, her face brigh- wit feversitu -CtD;r-; ...a .. Iunaen tlthrill stirred his heart. Wl'as it because this Indian colonel was comning, that she had bloomed out so? lie knew the story of Gilbert Verney's early love for Lady Marguerite of Auk land Oaks. lie was only a young guards mall then, and lie was very desperate when lie found there was no lhope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing his braitns out, but concluded to go with his regiment to India instead. And here lie was back again, a colonel, and a bachelor still. Lord Strathspey gnawed at his mous tanche, and watched his beautiful countess with covert glanees. Poor, bliind Lord Anllus, he could not see, he could not dream, and there was no friend's tongue to whisper him the truth, that his pour, loving, colstant wife, stung by cruel jea lousy, had thrown oft her lethargy, her terrible sorrow, and by an etfort ahlost superhuman, had bloomed out in all the beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his love, her dearest treasure, which she saw, with a woman's quick perception, was slipping from her. Eter husband did not dream of this,which Lady Cecilia well enough knew, amid her wicked eyes gleamned with triumph as she watched the earl's moody face, and saw that her random arrow had .struck home. But the clanging of the great dinner bell brought this little side-play to an abrupt close, and the earl and his guests filed through the glittering rooms, and sur rounded the magnificent board, allsauvity, and smiles, and honeyed words, too well bred and self-possessed to betray even a suggestion of bitter and torturing passions that filled their hearts. CHAPTER XV. A PERIIOUS STEP. Lord Strathspey, all at oule, had im perative occasion to imake a run down to London. Only for a short stay, however, and ColonelChiidleightwastodo thio hnors, andihis guests to make tllhemselvescoifort able till his retlrn. He started for the early train, before breakfast was served,and thilcountess and her children were still in tlheir dressing room. HIe tapped lighltly:at the door, as lie passed oiln hIis way down.' Judith admittted him, iand hIis wife arose, still wrappelld in hier imornilng caslhmere, at his entr;lnce. " Don't disturb yourself, Miargue rite," he said, just a trifle coldly ;-"l'mm off for London, and just dropped in to say good-by." He crossed to the lounge, upon which the children were sitting, aid kissed them repeatedly., Lady Pearl clung to Iis neck, antd fell to sobbing. "Don't go, papa, darling pap.!" she implored; " we ant papa here, don't we, mlalnla?" MIuina nodded, with the hot tears ris ing to her eyes. •But papa imust go, just for a little while, and he'll bring 'Pearl a great doll, with winking eyes. Will that do ?" Lady Pearl clapped Itr liallds in oc-. sissy. "And what shall I bring you, my boy?" continued the earl, taking the boy's face in his hands, and lookilng down into his eyes with unspeakable love. Light, cold eyes they were, a trifle opaque and dull, and the face was inclined I to be thin and sallow. Lady Pearl looked I like a rosebud beside her brithler, and I think her father, though he was almost unconscious'of it, felt a little angry and vexd at her fair, fresh loveliness, What business had she to be brighter and hand sumer than his son and heir? "What shall 1 bring you, my son, from London?" continued the earl, for the buy had not answered. " Nothing I don't want nothing,' he replied, at last, with a sudden air. "Pearl can have the doll; I won't have nothing.' "'You may have the dolly some, too, oubber," cried generous little Pearl; " I won't keep her all the time." "No, I shan't!" returned the young lord, spitefully. His father looked inexpressibly grieved. From day to day this was the trouble of the nursery-the cross, unamiablo temper of the boy. Nothing could please or con teout him; lie was always surly and envious, while Lady Pearl was all generosity and sweetness. "Never mind; I'll bring you both something. De good children," said the father. Then he turned to the countess, and held out his hand. " Good-by, Malguerite; my stay willbe short, and the colonel will see that you are comfortable. Ho did not kiss her, and his voice was cold, his manner distant and ccre monious. Colonel Gilbert. Verneyhad called on the evening of the dinner party, just as Lady Drummond predicted ; and the countess had received hint very graciously, and even honored hinm with a promenade on the terrace. Coilsequently, my lord,her most injured husband, was in the sulks, and not at all disposed to be affectionate. " Good-by, Angusl" said his wife, her voice faltering, and her eyes swimming with tears; `" icon't you kiss nse before you g,?" The piteous voice touched the earl keenly, but he was too proud to show it. Instead of clasping her to his bosom, as his inclination prompted him, he only touched his lips to her forehead. As the door closed behind hinm, his wife, unmindful of the presence of her children and their nurse, threw hersself upon the couch and burst intoa passionof hysterical sobs and tears. But in a very little while she arose, still and calm. " Take the children away," she said motioning to Lela, who had just entered; "and do you remain, Judith." "Now bring my travelling dress, and ring for a cup of chocolate," she con tinued, when they were alone. Judith stared in amazement. " I am going back to the Tyrol," ex plained the counteos. "N ow is ismy time, while the earl is away, and I have not a Illoment to lose." "Mly lady--O.u?" ejaculated the girl. " Why not send me in your place ?" (TO sE COSTcoSmIO) 