NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Close. Electric light. Bicycle races. Valetta arrived. Big show on the Oval. Accident on the Lake. "Fedora" on Saturday. London wool sales closed. A night gathering of cyclists. Mr. Ramsay off to Emu Flat. Excelsior Band concert to-morrow. The boat accident cleared the Oval. Promenade concert on Oval Friday. Mr. Catt has returned from Baldina. France is hard up for a Prime Minister. Billy O'Brien has got another six months. Premiers Gillies and Dibbs have had a row. Last two nights of "The Foundry Master," More revelations before the Parnell Commis- sion. Give an account of your stewardship, Honest Tom. Carrieton electors reply to the Premier's letter. New South Wales and Victorian jealousy again. Messrs. Burgoyne and Giles back up Mr. Moule. Will Honest Tom meet the electors at Car- rieton? Lord Kintore has been banqueted by his tenants. A statue will probably be raised to the late Peter Lalor. Second smelter at Block 14 will be started next week. Victorian Liberals return Mr. Deakin as their leader. Panama Canal work likely to be suspended next month. The Imperial Government deny that hundred millions story. The furnaces of the South mine are said to be unsatisfactory. Bartlett was given a grand reception by the operative builders. Mr. Tannert has been relieved from the care of the Art Gallery. Mr. J. B. Austin has a grain of hope left in the Junction mine. Queensland farmers on the Darling Downs require seed wheat. His brother earls have been saying farewell to our coming earl. "How to vamp on the piano in any key." Principally don key. New South Wales will not take part in the Dunedin Exhibition. A branch of the Irish National League formed at Hindmarsh. A college called the Holy Ghost College has been opened at Ballarat. The City Council are very pleased with the fire brigade head-station. Operative builders want the Government to push on with public works. The German Trade Congress has been dis- cussing Australian commerce. The gaol buildings at Port Arthur, Tas- mania, are to be sold by auction. The mayor speaks in high terms of praise of Fire Brigade Superintendent Booker. Lady Loch and her daughters have made the new colors for the Victorian cadets. Victoria is taking too much water from the River Murray to please New South Wales. Wallaroo shareholders have agreed to an amalgamation with the Moonta Company. There have been 60,000 passengers carried on the switchback and toboggan in eight weeks. Herr Brandeis has been recalled from Samoa. Brandeis and water all round in America. Premier Dibbs objects to Premier Gillies taking upon himself to be the mouthpiece of Australia. Queensland Government thinking of helping Darling Downs farmers by carrying seed wheat free of charge. Messrs. Burgoyne and Giles say they are not acting antagonistically to the Government on the seed wheat question. Colonel Lovely is despondent as regards volunteering in the city and suburbs, but he means to stick to the movement. The Prince of Wales has become greatly in- terested in Californian wines. He says they have the piquancy and flavor of the most original country on earth. Last year 6,591 new books or fresh editions were published in England. Theology, 748; educational, 630; fiction, 329; poetry, 163, were among the chief lines. France contains 20,102,593 single people, 14,959,235 married men and women, 2,948,511 widowers, about twice as many widows, and 11,415 persons who have been divorced. The Queen of Spain's Christmas Day present to her little son was a charming liliputian pony with gold-mounted harness and a dog cart to match in size and in appointments. Miss Rebecca E. Robestson, a New York lady, has left 500,000 dollars for the purpose of establishing a fund to enable poor families to have a brief summer outing free of expense. The average age at death of the "members of the Society of Friends who died last year was close upon 58." This is much above the average age of the general population at death. The authorities at the prison in Nashvilles, Tennessee, discovered, concealed on the person of convicts and in beds, between 50 and 60 knives, 15 razors, one revolver, and three ropes. The Sultan of Turkey's chief confidantes are his mother, his barber, and one of his youngest wives, who is a Georgian, and these three are extraordinary important personages in affairs of State. The Edinburgh and Leith master builders and operative masters have entered into an agree- ment that 7d. per hour be the uniform wage for one year in Edinburgh and Leith from March 1 next year. They have been experimenting with a new powder at Yonne. It increases the velocity of the bullet one-fifth; it is smokeless, and can be steeped in water for 24 hours without incurring the slightest damage. A woman's league has been formed in New Orleans. One of its objects is to look in a large and practical way after the interests of women—as to how they are treated in asylums, prisons, stores, station houses, &c.; It is said that swans on the Thames have an instinctive prescience of floods; before heavy rains they raise their nests. This is character- istic of many birds, which add piles of material to their nests to prevent swamping. King Humbert, addressing his deputies on New Year's Day, said—"My most ardent de- sire is to show myself worthy of the affection of the country towards me. My most earnest wish is for the preservation of peace." Viscount Eversley, the oldest peer of Parlia- ment, died at his country house, Heckfield- place, Hants, recently, in the 95th year of his age. For a period of 18 years, from 1839 to 1857, the noble lord was Speaker of the House of Commons. There is a really wonderful yellow cat at the London Pavilion which beats Blondin hollow. At the word of his master he runs up a pole, jumps off into the gallery, and walks calmly on to the tight rope which runs the whole length of the auditorium—and without a net. A remarkable strip of the new railroad from Buenos Ayres to the Andes is probably the longest tangent in the world, extending 211 miles without a curve. It is further notable as having no bridge in the entire distance, and no cut or fill exceeding about a yard in depth or height. The Austrian Empress was so much affected by the enthusiastic welcome she received at a little place on the Greek mainland, in Epirus, that in taking her departure she asked the chief magistrate what she could do for the poor of the locality. "We have none, your Majesty," web the reply. Queen Nathalie had a most enthusiastic re- ception on passing through Jacey on her way to Bessarabia. Moldavian boyards and citizens thronged to the station to cheer her, and the prefect of the city not only presented her with a bouquet, but entered the special train and escorted the Queen as far as the Roumanian frontier. The pug dog as a pet had an interesting origin. He was first imported from China and Japan, and came into fashion in the reign of William III. It is stated that the King believed his life to have been saved by a dog of this breed awakening him to his danger when a murderous attack was about to be made on the prince. A dog drama on Tuesday. Pedestrian bitten by dog, which retreats under trap. Pedestrian calls police, who come and wait for owner. Sergeant, corporal, and two constables, one with rope, stand in street for hour and eye dog. Eventually plain-clothes constable joins them and takes dog to station. Owner fined, dog destroyed. Query—What butcher got that dog? 