SKFTCHER. A STRANGE SECRET. It was lato ono night that I was suddonly summoned to attend a stranger who lay dy ing at a neighbouring inn. As soon as I saw tho livid, haggard face, I knew thero was no hope for him. He had a swarthy faco like an Italian, lit by dark, piercing oyos, nnd his forehead was painfully marked with rigid lines, loft by profound mental sufferings. I was about to administer an opiate whon ho thrust aside my hand impatiently. ' I want you to hear my cnnfnssian first,' he ex claimed. ' I shall detain you but for a mo ment.' 'I nm a physician, not a clergyman,' I answered, gently. ' Nevertheless, I beg you to hear me,' ho persisted. ' Quick ! quick ! thoro ia no timo to lose,' his eyes flashing with a fitful lurid lustro. For ono in his condition ' humouring' was tho best treatment. So, first Hccinir that tho door was securely closed, I wit down to wait till tho delusion ho was under us to tho nature of my oftico had run its course. ' I shallnot trouble you withalonghiBtory,' ho began. ' In my early lifo I was a soldior, nnd a bravo on-3,I may add without boasting, for had I not vowod'to win rank and famo for the sake of ono of Italy's fair daughters, who had secrotlyplcdgcd mo hor lovo ? Such an incentivo would havo inspirod oourago oven in a coward's breast ; but tho Castollos wero never cowards ! ' At last I felt that I might, without blush ing, present myself beforo Giulotta's relations and openly claim her hand. ' Impatient of every moment's delay I flow to lay my hard-won honours at her feet. But, nlas, what tidings awaited mo ! In my absence Giuletta's fnmily had forced her to marry a dissioluto young noblo, who coveted her fortune, not horslf. Sho survived tho cruelty but a littlo season, for within a month sho drooped nnd died, tho victim, I doubted not, of a broken heart. ' I would havo hurried baok to tho fiold and sought death thero, but tho war was over. Tho church offered another refugo from tho world, now grown insupportable. I bocaino a priest, and in time an uttaohc of ono of tho cathedrals. ' Ono night I entered a confessional facing ono of tho outer aisles, that I might bo ready to hear, us was my custom, any chanco peni tent who might come, as many did, to dis burden his conscience undor cover of tho dark ness. ' Soveral came and wont, and whon at last, at a Into hour I was on tho point of rotiring, believing my work finished,^ stop approached nnd entered tho compartment on tho othor sido of tho lattice. ' Of course my lips aro sealed against ro venling what I then heard. At tho closo tho penitent started to withdraw. A quick move ment brought rao to his sido. Seizing his nrra I turned him round suddenly to faco him. We stood in tho aisle in tho dim light of ono of tho largo windows. I throw baok my cowl. Ho recoiled, shivering as if ho had Boon a ghost. ' Luigi Castello 1' ho gasped. ' '? Ay ! Luigi Castello !' I echoed. 11 Is it your purposo to denounce mo f ' ho asked, in a voice that was tremulous with terror. ' ' 'What I have heard I havo heard undor the seal of my sacred office,' I roplied ; ' I daro not dioclose.' ' Ho breathed moro freely. ' I havo given you absolution, ' I oontiuued, as my eyes, attracted by a sparkling light, foil on tho jewelled hilt of a daggor at his girdlo. ' ' I humbly thank you, father,' ho mut tered. 1 ' As far ns lies within the powor of tlio church, you nre now prepared to die,' I added. ' ' Heuvon grant ic,' ho roplied. 1 ' Amen !' I answered, and snatching tho dagger from his belt I sheathed it in his heart.' ' JTho last words wero uttered almost in a siuiek and the sick stranger fell baok insen siblo. Tho restorativos I administered only brought partial return o£ consciousness, and beforo tho sun had sot tho troubled spirit waB at rest. Somo years later in travelling through Italy, I was shown in ono of the grand cathedrals tho spot whero tho body of a ncblcmnn had beon found ono morning pierced through tho heart with his own stilotto. ? He was a vory wicked man,' said tho old guide, ' suspected by many of having poisoned his young wife whom ho married for hor money.' Tho guido remembered, too, a molancholy young priest who had disappeared shortly, after, none knew whither, but it was evident tho circumstances hud never boon associated with tho nobleman's doath, which was com monly attributed to suicide. 