Tub victory of Searle, the Australian sculler, over O'Connor has made liim champion rower of the w'ofid; 'ahd ;is' frbSh dvide'iice 'of the success with- which athleticism : iri its various . forriis is cultivated in tliis part of the world; Tho odds before the race on the Thames were in favour of tho victor; owing to Scarlo having sliotfu larger stayiiig -powers . oytirj loiig distances, arid Llie expectations that lie -. wbuld /be a coin parati vely easy -winner -have beonv realised.- ' We Jcnrn by the wires .that1 lip. 'fr&clied; the goal teii Ibhgths ahead- without- culling for : any extraordinary effort on' his part, and Ho must; therefore; , be well entitled to, the place ;he lias gained. /At first; O'Connor took a slight lead; but ho soon lost "it; and never /afterwards had a ghost of- a chance of making his way to tile front. It whs evident; in. fact, . almost from.: tlie first,, "that O'Coilrior was overweighted 'in- a struggle with the A,ustr:ilian — the. last, part of the" ; contest especially showing that, had lie chosen, Searle/ could havo given liis opponent a lead arid then riiadh siire Of coming in f irst'. .The." " fly' in tlio ointment" : iii the contest was' tho hettiiig,; which seems inevitable iii; bucIi -caseB, and leaves the trail of the serpen t iii overy- siich trial bf skill or strength. It is a remarkable occurrence that the ntolloh of a Mabontinedan mosque in /Liver pool lately poihted piit tlmt tlio Shall of Persia knew nothing of betting till he yisited-Erigland, arid was initialed into the mysteries of the- odds ou the racecoiirsp to wliich he wns faken to see the sights of tbe.couutry by the Herr> Apparent- and the , Musselman reproved the-- latter for teaching the Prince, a vice to which" lie liad bee.ii a stranger. 1 However, /betting .lias . long :bcen practiced in India . and China, -' for the native princes of . the. former- make largo wrigei-s', iii the contests .of game, cocks,. and; 'partridges,/ and the Pekin Chinese are now said' rto lay heavy wagers on the fights, of crickets. , ' ' From the report of a very interesting hieeiing at the .Mansion/ House; Noudon; in .-aid of the Pasteur Institute; - Paris;- tho illustrious founder does. not believe., that tlie exemption of Austra-; lia from hydrophpbia; as is : generally, -.supposed, here, 'Attributable; tb -any 'superiority ': of -the climate. 1 Norway aiid Swbdeii' aro both 'equally free from canine .'.madness,' for he believes tho importation of jn-fow dogs would 'ilitroduoe tlie disease' in all "tho" " countries /lipw sb happily un troubled .by. it; The opinion'; of , , tlie , great. ; scientist is a .Btt-orig arguriierlt fiir keeping all cltigs tluit niay.be' brotigiit ' frolri ' Eiirqpis'fb this' port long- enough. . in quarantine to .roridpr, it. cer. ! tain they -have not ' the germs of the frightful /disorder in tlieir systems. '. Ho; iidldB\ilinti if this precaution - were -adopted, ovori )iri tlie- , British Isles; nrid;all.tlie dogs 'iii them' com- I p'ellcd' to , wear .a' riihzzie for' h 'twelyehihrith, ; .rnbies might/ bo ,, banished -from , lie " United, Kingdom; ' Arid; on tlie mdtioii of Professor; : Horsley,. a .resolution ; was passed;' requesting Government to introduce .a. nieaaui-e. for giving, effect to the recoriimcndatioils of M. Pasteur. : Unfortunately,'.; continental: countries -cannot ; hopo to. ' protect-' tlieuiselves from '-tlie dread disease by tlio same means, as it would/be im- ; possible to ; present tlie eiitrrihco .of infeel ed : animals: " He does not affect to. know how/the ; cumplaintoriginatedj.butr satisfied /it-'first ; lnjijb.its appbariiiico, in (he/ iVplf, ; the /aneestor I of the canine.apccieai xund; .which, etiil supplies jniariybf the/patieriVs wh'dttvh'b tt-eats. ' It was at- ; first/contemplated ttt /establish a braricK'bf Hip- -iPiistpuivinstituto , inifEpgjandbiit:.the project j was so; vigorously 'opposed- by vsentimentalists/ f who ' regard his- ,exp|rirtiJrit - on hiU'/'rabbiis" j with liorror, that it,-, was/,ddcidcd to provide/a j fund fprcnnbling p6pr ,pdrsons;»:rcquiriiig treat- ' nienfjlpyiBitNaris; an'd'also'tdcoii'trib'utd to the i maintennnco ;of (he : establishment there, - Al- ; though ;, ho' has /beont violently denounced for" ' weifaro !of 'tlie /human .rncp thero is riliun- dnnt eyidonco of his ihumanity, and also that this Venprsihid.'pporation painless to the rodonta ; by chloroform, / : 