Religion and Philanthropy. The Holy Child, Jesus. By Kev. 0. H. Spueqeos-. That signs and wonders may bo done by the home of Thy holy child, Jesus.—Acts ir. 30. Our text is a portion of an apoatolio song, which/celebrated the release of Peter and Johnt and the'eonfusion of the priests and scribes. Every persecution shall yield psalms of victory to ^ the people of God. There is one sweet result which always flows from the opposition of the world, namely, that it draws true dis ciples nearer to their blaster. You will per ceive that they sing concerning the birth, and death, and resurrection of Christ; the Lord is the theme of their grateful song. The title by which they salute Him, "Thy holy child, Jesus," is most appropriate to their case. In the chapter before us the apostles are thrown hack upon the person of Jesus for com fort, and they revel in the thought of Hfa being a child, because they discover in this His likeness to the church, which, in its infancy, the enemy songht to destroy, even as Herod sooghttoslay the new-born King of the Jews. White we always contend that Christ is God, ▼ery God of very God, let as never lose the firm conviction He is most certainly and truly a man. He is not a God humanised, nor yet a human being deified ; but as to His Godhead, pure Godhead, equal and co- eternal with the Father; as to His manhood, perfect manhood; made in all respects like unto the rest of man kind, sin alone excepted. His humanity was real, for He was born. He lay hidden in the virgin's womb, and in due time was born into a world of suffering. The gate by which we enter upen the first life, He passed through also; He was not created, nor transformed, but Hishnmacity was begotten and born As- He was born, so in tbe circumstances of his birth, He is completely human; He is as weak and feeble as any other babe. He is not even royal, bat human. These who were horn in marble halls i f old were wrapped in purple garments, and were thought by the vulgar to be a superior race; but this babe is wrappedtnswaddlingclothe^ and hath amaoger for.vHia «radle, that the true humannessof His-being m >y c me out. More a man than He is a Prince of tbe House of David. He knows the woes of & pe tsant s child. As He grows up, tbe very growth sh^ws Low completely human He is. He do s sot spring into full manhood at once, hat He grows in stature, and in favour both with God and man. When He reaches man's estate, Be gets tbe c-mraoa stamp of manhood upon Hi* brow. "In the sweat of thy brow ehr.lt thou rat bread/' is the oommon heritage of us all, and he receives no better. Thecarpen*er*s shop mu*t witness to the toils of a Saviour, and when He becomes the preacher aud the prophet, still we read snch significant words as these—" Jesu*, being weary, sat thuB on the well." We find Him needing to betake Himself to re6t in sleep He slumbers at the ttern of the vessel when it is tossed in the tempest Brethren, if sorrow be the mark of real manhood, and " man U born to tronble as the sparks fly upwards," certainly Jesus Christ has tbe truest evidence of being a man. If to hunger and to thirst be s:gns that He was no shadow, and His manhood no fiction, you* have these. If to associate with His fellow-men, and eat and drink as they did, will be proof to your mind that He was none other than a man, you see Him sitting at a feast one day, at another lime He graces a marriage j supper, and on another occasion He is hungry, and'"hath not where to lay His head." Sims the day when the prince of the power of the air obtained dominion in this world, men are tempted, and H«, though He is born pure and holy, must not be delivered from tempta tion. The desert Hi* temptation knew, His conflict and Hisvictory too. The garden marked the b'oody sweat, as it started from every i>ore while He endured the agony of conflict with the prince of this world. If we have fallen and must endure temptation, we have need to pray, so had He— Cold mountains aud the midnight air < " Witnessed the fervour of His prayer. Strong crying and tears go up to heaven mingled with His pleas and entreaties, and what clearer proof could we have of His being man of the substance of His mother, and man like ourselves, than this, that He was heard in that He feared. There appeared onto Him an angel strengthening Him; to whom but men are angels ministering spirits? Brethren, we have never discovered the weakness of our manhood more than when God has deserted us. When the spiritual consolations which com forted us h*s been withdrawn, «nd the light of God's face has been bidden from us, then we have said, "lam a worm and no man," and out of the da«t aud ashes of huraau weakness have we cried unto tbe most high God. Let "Eloi! >loi! Lama sabachthani" assure you that Christ has felt the same. Follow man wherever you will, and you find the foot print of the Son of Mary Go after man where you will, into.ssenes of sorrow, of every hue, and jou shall find traces of Jesus's pilgrimage there. Yon shall find in whatever struggle and conflict of which man is c ipable. the C .pt∈ of our salvation baa had a share. Leave out *io, and Chri t.is tbe perfect pictnro i f humanity. Simple as the truth is, and ly rig a* it does at the very basis of our Christianity, yet let us not despise it, but try to get i per*oual grip of it if we can. Jeius, my Mediator as a mm, " Im manuel, God with us " Ho U a chid br.ru. He is better than that, for " un'o uk a child is born, unto us a son is given." • He is to us a brother; Be is bone of our bone to div. As a man leaves his father and mother and cleaveth unto his wife, and tbey twain become one flesh so hath He left tbe glorr of His Father's house and become one flesh with bis people. Flesh, and bone/and blood, and heart, that may ache and suffer, and be broken and be bruised, yea, and may die, such is Jesus; for herein He cogiple cd tho picture. As t^e whple human race must yield its neck to the great iron crowned monarch, so must Christ Himself say, ♦ * Into Thy hands I commend My Spirit, ! Father," and He too must yield up the ghost. Oh, Christian, see your nearness to Him and he glad this morning! Oh, see His nearness to you! .(Come to Him with cheerful and grateful confidence, for iu body and soul Hois completely human " r 1\. Lot us marvel in His condescensions. It is the greate-t miracle that was over heard of, that "the Word was made fl^sb, and dwelt amorg cs." Cyprian wcU s<tiri, " I do not wonder, at any nrracle. hut I do marvel at this, which is a miracle axnouir ni'tacl^s, that God should become man." That Go.1 should enter into that creature out of nothing i- certainly a marvellous manifestation of power; but, that God should enter into that creature, and should take it into intimate union with His own nature—this is the strangest of all acts of condescending love. Indeed, so marvellous is it, that in all the heatbeu mythologies —strange freaks though imagination has there played, thongh we do find alleged instances of the gods appearing in the likeness of men—yet never do we find any thiog like the union of the two natares in the person of Christ. Human wisdom in its most happy and wisest moments has never risen to anything like the thought of Deity espousing manhood, that man might be redeemed. To you and to me the marvel lieth in the motive which prompted the incarn >tion. What could it have been that brought Immanuel to snob a stoop as this? What un rivalled, indescribable, unutterable love was this that made Him leave His Father's glory, the adoration of angels and all the hallowed joy of heaven, that He might be made a man like ourselves, to suffer, to bleed, to die? "He was seen of angel*," Baith the apostle. They veiled their faces with their wings when they cried " Holy ! Holy! Holy! " Bat angels saw the Son of God lying m a manger! The Lord of all wieetling with a fallen spirit in the wilderness! The Prince of Peace hanging upon the tree on Calvary! " Seen of angels" was one of the wonders concerning the incarnation of Christ; but that He should be seen of men—nay, that He should be the asso ciate of the worst of men, that He should be called the friend of publicans and sinners, so perfectly incarnating Himself, and condescend ing so low that He comes to the very lowest state of humanity—all this is condescension concerning which words fail me to speak. 2\. The fitness of Christ for His work! He is a perfect man—Be could not he a priest if He were not. Bat now, " He c&n; be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, seeing He was tempted in all points like as we are." Being not ashamed to coll us brethren, He can com ptasionate the ignorant and those who are out of the way. Oh, brethren, if He were no man, He could not have been onr substitute. Man sinned, and man must pay the penalty. He must be perfect man to make atone ment.' If He were not man, His righteous ness would not have availed ns; for while we want a righteousness divine to cover the in finiteness of God's demands, we want a righteousness which is human, for it ib that which the law requites. Oh, it thou are in sadness and sickne«B to-day let thine arms em brace the man Christ Jesus. Feel in the fact that He is thy brother, how suitable He is to thy poverty, thy wt&kness;, and thy sin. 3\. See Manhood18 Glory now Kestored.— Man was but a little lower than the angels, and had dominioo over the fowl of the air, and over the fish of the sea. That royalty he lost; the crown was taken from bis head by ike hand of sio, and the beauty of the image of God was dashed by his rebellion. But all this is given back to ns. Wo see Jerne, who was made & little lower than the angels, for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour, and at this day all things are put under Him, waiting as He does, and expecting the time when all His enemies shall be be neath His feet, and the last enemy, Death, shall be destroyed by man—by the' very man whom: he boaeted that he had destroyed. It is our nature, brethren, Jesus in our manhood, who K now Lord of providence'; it is our nature which has hanging at its girdle : the sovereign keys of , heaven and earth and hell; it is our nature' which sits . upon the tbrono of, God at' this very. d*y. No angel ever sat upon God's throne, but a man has done it, and is duingit now. Ofno&ng; lwas it ever Said, "Thouehaltbe" King of kings and Lord of lords; they that dwell in the wilderness shall how befote Thee, and Thine enemies shall lick the dust;" but this is said of a man. It is a man who shall judge the world iu righteousness; a man .who. shall distribute crowns of reward; a man who shall denounce ''Depart, ye curseda man,! the thnnder of whose words' shall mskeheli shrink with affright. Oh, how glorious is renovated manhood ! 4\. When we think of the true and proper manhood of Christ, ought we hot to rejoice that a blessed channel is opened by which God's mercy can come to us? "How can God reach man:'" was once the ques tion ; but now, brethren, there io another question, "How can God refuse to bless those men who are in Christ?" The ever lasting Father must bless His only-begotten Son, and in blessing Him He has blessed a man, and that Man representing all who believe in Him, they are necessarily all blessed in Him. Look hpon the person of Christ as that of a representative individual. If Adam fell, all manhood fell; if Christ stands and is honoured and glorified, thoo all who are in Cnrint aro all bl seed iu Him. Now, it is utterly impossible, but that God should bless Jesus Christ for Jesus Christ is for every one with God, and His manhood is also cue with Godhead. O see what a channel is thus opened ; a channel through which the stream cannot but flow; a golden pipe through which grace cannot but come. See what a river deep aud broad is here opened for us, and what a fullness there is in that river, for all tbe fullnrf-s of the deity dwells in Chris:, and the fatness of that deity thus flows to man. 5\. Bee, too, what a door of access is1 thus opened between ns and God! I am a man; Christ is a man, I oome to the man Christ J eeus —no I have not oven to do that—I am in the man Christ. If I am a beliovor, I am a portion of ;Him. Well, being a portion of the man Christ, and God being uuitea "with Him, I am very near onto God. I have suoh nearness of access then to God, that -whatever may he my desires and my prayers, I'have no need to climb to heaven, nor to descend into the depth in order to obtain my desire, for God's ear must be near tome, inasmuch as God is in Christ, atd my soul being iin Chrut I am very, very near to God. Christ's body is the veil that hangs before the majesty cf God. That veil was rent; and whoever, by a living faith, knows how to come through the rent body of the man, Christ, comes at once into tho presence of God That ladder which Jacob eaw, was but a faint and dreamy pioturo of this. This is no ladder, for no ladder is wanted now; the person of Christ brings Gcd to man, brings man to God in closer contact than the ladder can ever pioture. Brethren let us come boldly unto the throne of tho heavenly grace, to obtain grace to help in every time of need. G. Another thing I cannot leave out is this— dear friends, do see it, do seo it—How safe we are I Our soul's estate was once put in the hands of Adam; he was a fallible man; how unsafe our salvation was then! The salvation of every believer now is in the hand of a man; it is the man Christ Jesus! but what a man ! Can He fail ? Can He sin ? Can he fall ? 0 no, for the deity is in intimate union with the manhood, and the man Christ Jesus, since He can never sin, can never fall, and is there* fore a sure foundation for the perpetual salvia* vation of all who trust Him. Dear friends, do you not see that here is your adoption P You become sons of God, bo* cause Christ beoomes a son of man. Do you not perceive that hero is your acceptance? The man, Christ, is accepted, and you, since he stands for you, are accepted iu Him. Nay, there is not a mercy in the covena t, there is not a single t-tream of blessing which flowB to the be* l(6v> r that does not spring from the fact that Christ is to be called the " holy child, Jesus," being most certainly and properly a man. Ac* cepi him as such, and you are saved. Hay God graut it for Christ's sake. Amen. 