THE DAY WILL COME. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.) Chapter XV. By M.E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Amdley's Secret," "Vixen," "Ishmsel," "Like and unlike," "The Fatal Three," &c.;, &c.; "What impression did the man make upon you in that brief meeting?" asked Theodore, "Did he strike you as a roue?" "No, that was the odd part of the business. He had the steady, respectable air of a bread winner, a professional, or perhaps a commercial man. I could not tell which. There was nothing flashy or dissipated in his appearance. He looked me steadily in the face when he bowed to me at parting, and he had a frank, straightforward expression, and a grave deeuion of manner that was not withont dignity. He was soberly 'dressed in a style that attracted no attention. I had no doubt that he was a gentleman." " He was handsome yon say V "Tea, he was decidedly handsome; but I C ua remember only the general rhftTaf!t*>r of his f.«, not features or details, for I saw him only trice in my life." "Ah, yon saw him again then !' " Once again—some years later, after her death," "She is dead, then?" cried Theodore; "that ia the fact I have been trying to learn from any reliable source of information. There was a rumor of her death yean ago, but no one could give me any evidence of tfce fact I went to Boulogne last week to try and trace her to her htat testing-place, but I oonld discover neither tombstone nor record of any kind." "And yet it was at Boulogne she died? I will tell you all I know about her, if you like. It does?rt amount to much." "Pray, tell me everything you can. lam deeply grateful to you for having treated me with so much frankness." 1 1t was on her account I received you. I am glad to talk to anyone who is interested in her pitiful fata. There were so few to care for her. I think there is no lot more sad than that of a broken-down gentleman's daughter, born to an ft*—*frM?ff? the is never to enjoy, brought np to think of herself as a personage, with a right to the world's respect, and finding her self friendless and pennless in the bloom of ner womanhood, exposed to the world's con bu?dy." Theodore's faee flushed ft little at this men tion of his interest in the squire's daughter, for he could but feel that the interest was of a ?ifti?tflr fciwr^ frrtf: frn h?Vi his pBAC6) ami Hffiaa Newton went on with her story. "It was ever so many years after that meet ing in BJchaond Park—l think it must have been nearly 10 years when I ran against that very man upon a windy March day in Folkestone. I had thought much and often of my poor girl in all those years, wondering how the world had used her, and whether that man whom she trusted so implicitly had been true to her. I shuddered at the thought of what her fate might have been if he were false. I had never heard a word about her in all that time. I had never seen no report of a divorce suit in the papers. I knew absolutely nothing of her history, .from the hour I parted with her by Thomson's Seat, till I ram against that man in Folkestone. I am rattier shy about speaking to strangers in a general way, but I was so anxious to know her fate that I stopped this man, whose very naate waa unknown to me, aad asked him-to tall me aboottny poor friend. He looked be wildeied, as well be aught, at being pounced «noa in that manner. I explained tint I was Bvelya Btraagway's old governess, and that I sms uneasy at having hist sight of her for so •aaay yaarr, and was vary anxioos to see her again. He looked troubled at my question, aad he answered me gravely— * I am sorry to aarfyou will never do that. Your friend is dead, 1 I asked when she had died, and ■hen! Ha told <ne within the last month, aadat Boukgae. laskedif he waa with her at the last, aad he said no; and then he lifted his hat and mattered something about having very little time to get to the station. He wm sons'to Loatda? by the next train it atesaed, aad he was evidently anxious to shake ane off—but I was determined he should answer at least one more question. 'Was her fcoataand with her wfceo one died? I asked. His law darkened at the question, which I sappast was a foolish one. *Do you think it UiUy!l he said, trying to move past me | but I s«d laid ssy hand upon bis slesre in my eager aeas. 'Pray tell me that her end was not un tiarpf sad thatafas was penitent for her sins.' He faafcad very angry at this. 'If I stand hen tatks?g to you asntiwr minute 1 shall lose any tab, «m^"?,' b& «aid; 'and I have im portant traauiesi in Laadoe this afternoon.' A Sy nsian *—aK-g t>y at this moment. He hailed it and jasaped in, and he drove off into what Tlnaiias Oarlyle would call tbe immensi ties. I never saw him again; I never knew bis name, or calling, or place of abode, or anything abont him. I can no asore localise him than I can Goethe's Mephistnphelw. God knows how he tieatsd my poor Rid—whether be was triad or crnelt whether im was faithful to a dia hoaacaUe tie. or whether he held it as lightly aa«uch ties have been held by the majority frosn the age «f Abraham downwards." Tfce Isttia woman's face flashed and her eyas filled as she gave vent to her feelings. "Aad this is all yon known of Evelyn Btaangwayf 1 said Theodore-when she had "Tats is all I know of her. And now tell ms why you. are ao an-rinns to learn her history —you who ean never have seen her face, exaept in the piotare at Gheriton. I dressed her tat that piotwe, and sat by her while it was punted." " I will tall you the motive of my curiosity," aasswi t d Taeodwe. "Yon have treated me so xaMkly that I feel I must not withhold my coafidanoe from yon. I know that I can aaly upon your discretion." " I can talk, aa you have just heard," said Miss Newton; "bat I ean be as silent as the grave when I like." *' Yon moat famve read something about the murder at Gheriton hut July." "Icead a great deal about it I took a morbid interest in the awe, kaowing the home ao wall, in every cranny and corner. I could picture the sosne as vividly as if I had seen the murdered man lying then, A most inex plicable minder, apparently motiveless." "Apparently awtivaless. The fact has so peered nnon the poor widow's mind that she has imagined a motive. She has a strange fancy that one of the Strangways must have been tbe author of the crime. She has tcooded over their images till tbe idea •f oau of that **?•*•&-* race, garnering bis wrath for long years, and then at last the hour came for a bloody revenge, and then atrikwgSus deathblow oat of the dark— striking his fatal blow and vanishing from the aightef soen, as if a rh«?i«ii? arm had been atratehed oat of the night to deal that death- Mow. She has asked me to help her in dis covering the murderer, and I am pledged to do rcy nfanost towards that end. lam the more anxious to do so as I tremble for the con qneace if she should be allowed to brood long nnon this morbid fancy about the Strane ways. I think, however, that with your help I have bow laid that chest I have tracsd the two brothers to their graves, and I suppose are may accept the statement of the man you Beet at Foikestoae as sufficient evidence of •Ira. Darcy's death, especially as it neems to fit in with the aeoooat of ti?e then Vicar of Gheriton, who out her in Boulogne in the Baauttr of "64, looking very ill and much spa," *• It was in the spring of '661 met that man at Folkestone. X coeld find the date in my diary 3 you wished to be very precise about it, for it is one of my old maidish ways to be Aery regular in keeping my diary. Poor Evelyn 1 To think that anyone should be wild enough to suspect her of beimr capable of murder—or Feed or Reginald. They had the Stnngway temper, all three of them, aad a Eery temper it was when it was roused, a temper that led to family quarrels and all sorts of ; but murder is a different kind of thing." "That is the question," said Theodore gravely. "Is there such a wide gulf between the temper that ""^ct family quarrels, sets father against son, and brother against brother, and the temper that pulls a trigger or uses a bowie-knife? I thought they were one and the same thing in actual quality, and that tie result was dependent upon circumstances." " Oh. dont Wk like that please. Murder is something exceptional—a hideous solecism in nature—and in this case why murder? What bad Sir Godfrey P^rF^vT^afl done that any member of the Strangway family should want to kill imn V " I tell yon that the idea is a wild one, the morbid growth of my cousin's sorrow." "Ot couru it w. lam very sorry for her, fjGorsoul. I dont suppose any woman could coffer more than she must have done, and live. It ie£ dreadful story. And she was very fond of her husband, I daresay.'' "She adored him. They had been lovers frcm her childhood almost There never were a more devoted bride and bridegroom. Their honeymoon was not beginning to wane. They were still lovers, still in a state of sweet sur prise at finding themselves husband and wife. Poor girl, I caw her the day before the murder, & brilliant creatare, the very spirit of joy. I saw her tbe morning after, a spectre, with awful eyes and marble face—more dread ful to look upon than her murdered husb&nd; on his bed of death." "It is til too sad," sighed alias Newton. " I begin to think that Oseriton is a fatal bora, and that no one ean possibly be happy there. However, you can (ell thie poor lady that the Btra?gways are exonerated fxom any put is her misery." I shaU write to her to- night U, tb?t effect. Az-d *tw, JJiet Newtcn, it* £.6 tbuik you ohm more for you friendly frMkawo, and wish yon good night" "Dont be in sash a histy, Mr. Dalbrook. I like you face, and I «nduld like to ma yon again some day, if Kona find time to waste •d hour upon «& old maid in suoh ?God-for saken pla?S aa Wedgewoed-ttreet " J eoall think an hour ao spent moat de lightfully employed," answered Theodore, w^o was quite subjugated by the charm of this little person and her surroundinga. He did not remember having ever Bat in a room be liked better than this first floor front in Wedge woodttreet, with its terra-cotta walls and prettily- bound books, and curious oddments of old china, and comfortable enrUio? of work house sheeting, with a bold vermillion border workea by Sarah Newton's indefati gable fingers. "I should very much like to hear all about you life in thie—Btrange neighborhood," he said. "There is not much to tell. When my little fortune—left by my uncle, the dryoatter —fell into me I w*s a lonely old woman, with out one surviving relative for whom I cared twopence. I was pretty tired of teaching Frenoh and German—God knows how many hundred times I moat have gone through 01 -fandorf in both languages—and I've done him a [good many tunes in Italian, jpar data It marehe. Perhaps I might have held on for a year or two longer, aa I was very fond of those nice girls and boys at Vioarage, if it hadn't been for Ollendorf. £fe decided me. Leila, the youngest girl, had only just begun that accursed book. She was blunder* ing over the baker's golden candlestick the very morning I got the lawyer's latter to tell me of my oacle'a death, and the will, and the legacy. I snatched the book out of her hand, and shot it with a bang. ' Ainf 11 to do any more Ollendorf, Sally Y she asked. 'Yon may do fas much as you like, my lave,'l said, 'bat youil do ao more with me. Fm a millionaire, or at least I feel as wild and independent aa if I were a Rothschild.' Well, I lay awake all that night making plans for my life, and toying to think out how I could get- the most happiness and comfort out of my little fortune, enjoy my declining years, have everything I wanted, and yet be of some use to my fellow-creatures; and the end of it was that I made up my mind to take a roomy lodging in a poor neighbor hood, where I should not be tempted to spend a penny upon appearances, furnish it after my own heart, and make myself happy in just my own way, without earing a straw what any body thought about me. I knew that I was plain as well as elderly, that I could never be admired or ant a figure in the genteel world, so I determined to renounce the gentilities altogether and. to be looked up to in a little world of my own." " And you have found your plan answer—" "It has answered beyond my hopes. Ever since I was thirty yean of age and had done with all young ideas aad daydreams, 1 had one particular idea of earthly happiness, and that ■ was the position of a country squire's wife—an j energetic, active, well-meaning woman, the central figure in a rural village, having her model cottages and her allotment gardens, her infirmary, her miMion-hoose—the good genius of her little community, a queen in miniature; and without political entanglements, or menace of foreign war. Now it could never be my lot to reign on a landed estate, to build cottages, or cut np fertile meadows for cottagerr gar dens; but I thought by taking up my abode in a poor neighborhood, and visiting quietly and in a friendly, familiar way—no tracts or preachings—among the most re epeotable of the inhabitants, and alowly feeling my way among the difficult subjects I might gradually acquire an influence just as strong as that of the Lady Bountiful in a country parish, and might come to be as uteful in my small j way as the squire's wife with her larger means. And I have done it," added Miss Newton triumphantly. " There are rooms in this street and in other streets that are to me my model oottagee. There are overworked, underfed women who look up to me as their providenee; there are children who come and bang to my ikirts as I pass along the streets; there are (treat bulking men who ask my advios and get me to write their letters for them; and what ooald a aqoire's wife have more than that? And yet I have only a hundred and fifty pounds a year to spend upon my people™ *' You give them something more than money, you give them sympathy—the magnetism of your strong and generous nature." "Ah, there is something in that Magnetism is a good word. There must be oome reason why people attach themselves ao ardently to ' Mr. Gladstone, don't you know, some charm in him that holds them almost in spite of them selves, and makes them think as he thinks, and veer bb he veers. Yes. they swing round with him like the boats going round with the tide, and they cant help it any more than the boats can. And I think, to compare small tilings with great, there must be some touch of that magnetic power in me," concluded Miss Newton. "I am sure of it," said Theodora, "and I am sure, too, that you must be like a spot of light in this dark little world of yoora." " I live among my friends. That is the ptint," exclaimed Mum Newton; "I doo'c come from Behjravia, or a bright, pretty ter race in Kensington, and tell them they ought to keep their wretched rooms cleaner, and open their windows, and put flower-pate on tbeir window- sills. I live here, and they can come and see how I keep my rooms* and : judge for .themselves. Their landlord is my landlord, and a nice life I lead him about water, and whitewash, and drains. He is thoroughly afraid of me, I am happy to say; and generally bolts round a corner when he ■ces me in the street, but I am too quick for nu over-fed legs. I tackle him about all his short comings, and he finds it easier to spend a few pounds upon his property now and then than to have me upon us heels at every turn; so now Crook's tenements have quite a reputation in Lambeth. If you were to seethe old dragon you would wonder at my pluck in attacking him, I can assure you." " Tour whole life 1b wonderful to me, Miss Newton, and I only wish there were hundreds of women in this biff city living joat as you live. Tell me, please, what kind of people your neighbors are." "■ Ob, there are people of all kinds, some of course who are quite impracticable—-for whom I can do nothing; but there are many more who are glad of my friendship, and who receive me with open arms. The single women and widows are my chief friends, and some of those I know «a well as if we bad been brought up and educated upon the same social level. They are workwomen of all kinds— tailoresses, shirtmakers, girls who work for military outfitters, extra hands for court dressmakers, shop girls at the humbler class of shops, ehoebinders, artificial flower-makers. I wonder whether yon wonld like to see some of them." ' I should like it very much indeed." " Then perhaps you will come to one of my tea parties. X give two tea parties a week all throngh the winter, to just as many of my women-friends as this room will hold. It holds about SO very comfortably, so I make 25 the outside limit We rather enjoy a little bit of a crush—and I give my invitations bo that they all have such little pleasure as I can give them fairly, turn and turn about. We do not begin our evening too early, for the work- , ing hours are precious to my poor things* We take tea at 8 o'clock, and we seldom separate before half past 11—just as if we were at a theatre. We have • little music, and a little reading and recitation sometimes, a round game at card*, or often we are in a wild humorous dumb-crambo, or even puss in-the comer, and we have always a great deal of talk. We sit round this fireplace in a double circle, the younger ones sitting on the rug in front of us elders, and we talk, and talk, and talk—about ourselves mostly, and you can't think what good it does us. Surely God gave man speech as the universal safety valve. It lets off half oar troubles and half oar eenee of the world's injustice." "Please let me come to your very next party," said Theodore, smiling at the little woman's ardor. "That will be to morrow evening," replied Mub Newton. "I shall have to make an excuse for your appearance, as we very Beldom invite a man. You will have to read or recite something as a reason for your being aeked, don't you know." "I will not recoil even from that test I have distinguished myself occasionally at a penny reading. Am I to be tragic—the Armada—or comic." "Be both if you can. We like to laugh; but we revel in something that makes us cry desperately. If you could give us something creepy into the bargain, freeze our blood with a ehest or two, it would be all the more enjoy able." •' I will satiate you with ay Utenta<l shall feel like Penthens when be intended upon his mother and her crew, and shall be humbly grateful for not being torn to pieces. I dare , iay I shall be torn to pieces morally in the : way of criticism. Good night, and a thousand Hacks." " Watt." said Miss Newton. " I'm afraid it ib much foggier than when you came. I have ?n<elt tfce fog coming on while we have been talking. Wouldn't you like & cab f "I Bhould very much, but I doubt if I shall j encceed in finding one." " You wouldn't, but I daresay X can get you one," replied Miss Newton, deeisivelyv She had an unobtrusive little chatelaine at her side, and from the bunch of implements, scissors, penknife, thimble, she selected a small whittle. Then she pulled back one of the cream while curtains, opened the window, and whistled loud and shrill into the fog. Two minutes afterwards there carte a small treble voice out of the darknece. " What is it, Miss Newton i" '•Who's that P " Tommy Meadows." "All right, Tocmy. Do yon think you could find a hantom withont getting yourself run over?" " Esther! Co you want it cringed to you door. Miss ?' " 11 you plea«e, Tommy." " I'm off," cried the shriti voice, and in lees than ten minutes a two-wheeler rattled along the Btreet, and drew on sharply at Tommy's treble command, with Tommy himself seated inside, enjoying tbe drive and the uncertainty of the driver, ' His spirits were still further exalted by the gift of a sixpence from Theodore as he stepped into the cab. to be taken cautiously back to the Temple. Even that sitting-room of his, which he had taken some pains to make comfortable and homelike, had a gloomy look after that bright room in Lambeth, with its terra-cotta walls and cream-colored curtains, its gaily-bound books and vivid Vallauris vases perched in every available corner. He was more in terested in that quaint interior and in the woman who had created it than he bad been in anyone except that one woman who filled tbe chief place in all his thoughts. The Vioar had not overestimated Sarah Newton's power of fascination. He was in Wedgewood-etreet at a few minutes before eight on the following evening. The sky above Lambeth was no longer ob- Ecured; there were wintry stars shining over that forest of chimney-pots and everlasting monotony of slated roofs; and even Tntt?r"^r read looked lively with its coster's barrows and bustle of eventide marketing. Theodore found the door open, as it had been yesterday, and he found an extra lamp upon the first floor landing, and the door of Miss Newton'e room ajar, while from within came the sound of many voices, moderated to a subdued tone, but still lively. His modest knock wob answered by MUb Newton herself, who was standing dose to the door, ready to greet every fcesh arrival. " How do yon do ? We are nearly all here," ehe said cheerily. I hope .you have not just been dininp, for with us tea means a hearty meal, and if you can't eat anything we shall feel as if you were Bsaquo's ghost How do you do, Mrs. Kinby, to another arrival. Baby better, I hope? Yes, that's right How are yon, Leila ? and you. Rose. You've had that wretched tooth oat—l can see it in your face, Such a relief, isn't it? So glad to see you, Mm Dale, and you, Maria, and you, Jenny, Why. we are all here, I do believe." "Yes, Mis? Newton," said a bright tasking girl by the fireplace who had been making toast indefatigably for twenty minutes, and whose complexion had suffered accordingly. "There are two and-twenty I've counted, three-and-twenty counting the gentleman and you. I think that's as many as you ex pected." " Yes, everybody's here. So we may as well begin tea." In most such asEemblies where the intention was to benefit a humble class of guests the pro ceedings wonld have begun with a hymn, but at Miss Newton's parties there were neither hymns nor prayers—and vet Miss Newton loved her hymn-book, and delighted in the pathos and the sweetness of the music with which those noble words are interwoven ; nor would ehe yield to anybody in her belief in the efficacy of prayer; but she had made up her mind from the beginning that her tea parties were to be pure and simple recreation, and that any good which should come out of them was to come incidentally. The women and girls who came at her bidding were to feel they came to be entertained, came as her guests, just aa if they had been duchesses; they might have gone to visit other duchesses in Park-lane orGarltonGardens. They were not asked in order that they should be taught, or preached to, or wheedled into the praying of prayers or the singing of hymns. They went as equals to visit a friend who relished their society. And did not everybody relish the tea, which might be described as a Yorkshire tea of a humble order; not the Yorkshire tea which may mean mayonnaise and frie gras, chicken and cham pagne—but tea as understood in the potteries of Hull, or the humbler rows and streets of Leeds or Bradford. Three moderate «zed tables had been put together to make one capacious board, spread with enowy damask, upon which appeared two large ptom loaves, two tall towers of bread and batter, a dish of marmalade, a dish of jam, two Email dishes of thioly - sliced German sausage set off with sprigs of parsley— German sausage bought at the most respect able ham and beef shop in the borough, and as trustworthy aa German eaosage can be; and for crowning glory of the feast a plentiful supply of shrimps, fleshly boiled, savoring of the unseen sea. The hot buttered toast was frizzling on a bras? footman in front of the fire, ready to be handed round piping hot as re quited. There were two trays, one at each end of the table, and there were two bright copper kettles, which had never been defiled by the smoke of die fire, to bold the tea. Miss Newton took her place at the bead of the table, with Theodore on her right hand and a pale and fragile looking young woman on h( r leit. These two both aasieted the hootee; in the administration of the teatray, banding onps and saucers, sugar baein and cream jug; and and in so doing they had frequent occasion to look at each other. Having gone there prepared to be interested he eoon began to interest himself in this young woman, whom Mice Newton addreeeed &b; Marian. She was by no means beautiful now, but Theodore fancied that she had onus bern very handsome, and he occupied himself in re constructing the beauty of the pa?t from the wreck of the present. Tbe lines of the face were classic in their regularity, but the hollow cheeks and pallid complexion told of care and toil, and tbe face wa? aged untimely by that hard and joyless life. The eyes wete darkest grey, large and pathetic-looking, the eyes of a woman who bad suffered much and thought much. The beauty of those eyes gave a mournful charm to the pale pinched face, and the light auburn hair was still luxuriant. Theodore noted the deli cate hands and taper fingers, which differed curiously from the other hands which were busy around the hospitable brard. He could see that this young woman was a favorite with Sarah Newton, and he told him self that she was of a race apart from the reat, but he was agreeably surprised in finding that except for the prevailing Cockney accent, and a few slight lapses in grammar and pronuncia tion, Mis? Newton's guests were quite as refined as those ladies of Dorchester with whom it had been his privilege to associate; indeed, he was not sure that he did not prefer tbe Qockney twang and the faulty grammar to the 6econd*hand emartness and slang of the youwr ladies whose "Awfully jolly," "Aint it," and " Dont you know/' had bo often irri tated bie ear on tennis lawn or'at afternoon tea party. Here at least there was tin unstudied speech of people who knew not the caprices of fashion or the latest catchword descending from Belgravia to Brompton, and from Bromp ton to tbe provinces. There was a great deal of talk, as Mies New ton had told him there would be; and aa she encouraged all her gueita to talk about them selves he gathered a good deal of interesting information abont the state of the different trades and the ways «md manners of various employers, most of whom seemed to be of a despotic and grasping temper. The widows talked of their children's ail ments or their progress at the board school; the eirbi talked a little, and with all modesty, of their sweethearts, Sarah Newton was interested in every detail of those humble lives, and seemed to remember every fact bear ing upon the joys or the sorrow? of her guests. It was a wonder to Theodore to see how the care-worn faces lighted np round the cheerful table in the bright lamp light Yes, it was surely to do much to live among these daughters of toO, and to lighten their burdens by this quick sympathy, this cheerful hospitality, vait pleasure halls and people's palaces may do much for the million; bat here wa? one little Epineter with her small income making an atmospheie of friendliness and comfort for the few, and able to get a great deal nearer to them than philanthropy on a gigantic scale can ever get to the many. (To be continued.) 