Iioeeaan. THE AR'CHDI O CESE OF ADELAIDE. Feast of the Holt Purity ofB.V. Mart.—Last Sunday -the devotion of reparation tookplace in the Cathedral, by exposition of the Most Adorable Sacrament, in compliance with Archi episcopal Circular. The following Churches joined also in exposition of | Most Holy, viz.:—St. Mary's, Port Adelaide; the Sacred Heart, Eadina; the Convent of the Holy Ghost, North Adelaide; St. Peter and Paul, Gawler; and Holy Cross, Goodwood. His Grace officiated at the mass in Cathedral, and afterwards assisted at children's mass at 9 o'clock; On each occasion there was a very large nutnber: of communicants. The various con fraternities kept watch before the Most Holy Sacrament diiring the day, to gether with the children -and a vast concourse of the faithful; The act of reparation was made by His Grace the Archbishop, who also gave Solemn Benediction. The Guild of St. John Baptist.—! The general monthly Communion of the members took 'place in St. Patrick's—the female branch at first mass, and the men at 9 o'clock mass. Dirge and Requiem for the Late Father Woods.—During the Retreat for the party of clergy, the last con-; soling offices pf Holy Church "for those who have fallen asleep in the Lord" were celebrated at.St. Aloysius', Sevenhills. His Grace went up speci ally to take part in these solemnities, and officiated as celebrant. The fol lowing priests assisted ; — Fathers Byrne, Enrigbt, Lee, Martin, Healy, Pierce, Gandolfi, T. O'Neill, O'Don nell, Jorgensen, Prendergast, A. Rus sell, Polk, Herberg, Rogalski, ReschaHr, and Herden. The> absolutions were pronounced by the Archbishop. Deceased, Bishops and Priests.— Yesterday; the annual.. Dirge , and Requiem Mass was celebrated by the Archbishop, assisted by the. following jpriests, who, together, with MifGxace, entered on Retreat, last Monday i Fathers Hnrley, MacMahon, Landy, Power, Frances, O'Neill, Church,' Phelan, Delahunty, Deans Nevin, Kennedy, and Maher, Dr. Byrne, the Jesuit Fathers Rogalsfci, Herberg, Beschaur, Polk, and Harden. The annual conference took place at end of the Retreat. ' j The Feast of St. Raphael Arch- j angel.—The fete for children, of St. Raphael's Mission and School, Park aide, will be celebrated during octave ,of the feast. The little ones would not; be deprived of the presence of His Grace, as he was on J^etre§t, sj9 t$b?y Uhan,i tnousiy agreed to postpone celebration until next week. More of this anon, I , We earnestly call on all Catholics to sign the petition on next Sunday agaifcpt1 that iniquitous i Bill again brought for ward—Divorce Extension Bill—its true namejs, we grieve to have to,print it j " Adultery made-easy Bill." • 