[ THE MAGAZINES FOR JUNE. -6 Longmans' Magazine contains an excellent article on "The Health of the Mind," by Dr. B. W. Richardson, which is well worth studying. Perhaps the most valuable part of this essay is that in which he insists on pure and (if possible) beautiful surroundings for children. Here again is an anecdote which those who have the care of the young may well lay to heart : " The effects of mental shock on the mind in causing permanent "bad health of mind are easily inflicted in the period of infancy, early life, and school life, of which at one illustration suffice. A gentleman who for many years was under my observation as a confirmed mental invalid, a strong man in many respects, but utterly irresolute, and in the end of disordered mind altogether, acquired his mental disease from sudden distrust. He had, in his childhood, an innate dread of deep water, and he had, at the same time, a tutor for whom he held the warmest affection coupled with the most absolute trust and confidence in a thoughtless and unhappy moment this tutor became possessed with the idea that he would break his pupil's dread of deep water by pitching him into a pool where they were accustomed to bathe together, at the deepest part. There was no actual danger, for the depth was really not great, the pool was calm, the boy could swim a little, and in an instant the tutor, a strong and skilful swimmer, was in the water himself, rendering succour and support. The lad was brought to shore safely enough, but the mischief to the mind was inflicted beyond repair. The surface of trust was obliterated, and a fixed distrust in the mind of the youth was set up for over." Besides this article we may notice a gruesome story of an adventure with a madman called " The Affair of Bleakirk-on-Sands." The serials by Mrs. Besant and Mrs. Oliphant are continued, and in other respects the magazine is up to its usual standard of merit Under the title of "Things not Generally Known," a writer in the Cornhill gives us some most laughable examples of school boy work. Perhaps the best story is that of a boy, who, being told to write a short account of King David's life, produced a biography in two words, "old Glia" (killed Goliath). But the boy was eminently happy as a translator, who rendered the sentence, Studios solent ease juices canum equorumque Glendora, as " Zealous youths are to be nourished on dogs and horses." There is an excellent natural history on " Martens, Polooats, weasels, and stoats," and a pathetic but rather too ghastly story called " In a cleft stick," "The County" will not take rank with the best of the Cornhill serials. BZacftioooiî is particularly good this month. " An Arcadian Summer" is full of humour. It treats of the woes of a concerted aesthete, who is engaged to a healthy girl, and find it an impossible task to form her according to his ideal : " It was of course impossible for me, with my subdued and sensitive tastes, to marry a robust girl; but I hoped against hope. It was possible, I argued, that sorrow, if not sickness, might roHno her. something or other might prey upon her damask cheek, but her good humour was invincible. She desired the green eyed monster in either form she was as superior to jaundice as to jealousy. We took her to see Mr. Irving in Faust.' We gave her a dose of ' John Imrlosant; ' we put her through a course of Robert Elsmore.' I got a ticket for her to the Ladies' Gallery on an Irish me try it. She attended a penny reading by Professor Blackie, and a lecture on Shelley and Water whom Mr. Furnivall was in the chair. But the one had as little effect on her as the other. She was none the worse. She TOBO next morning as blithe as a lark, and as busy as a bee." Then we have a racing story called "Dicky Dawkins," and an interesting history of the " Pitt Diamond," Moreover, "The Old Saloon" is as readable and suggestive as usual. In an article on "Parliamentary Procedure" Sir In. Stafford North- cote advocates Mr. Fowler's plan of referring the Estimate.! to a strong special committee. The art papers in the Century Magazine are always good. This month there are two-one treating of " Spinello " and the other of the French landscape painter "Corot," and some beautiful illustrations are given of the latter's work. Mr. Kennan continues his powerful paper on Russian rule in Siberia, this time describing the " Convict Mines of Kara," His facts are appalling, and few , will be able to read them without feeling desperately sick. An article on the " Bloodhound " is illustrated with some admirable drawings by Mr. R. A. Moore. Other papers that may be commended are " Early Heroes of Ireland " and " King Solomon of Kentucky." Mr. R. L. Stevenson's fine story, " The Master of Ballantrae, is alone enough to keep any magazine going, but Scribner's has several other attractions. Anglers will like to read the account of " Striped Bass Fishing," excellently illustrated and there is a thoughtful paper on " Slavery in Africa " by Mr. Henry Drummond, who wants more organ i Station and method in the crusade against it, and suggests the formation of anti-slavery societies all over Europe. The literary papers in Temple Bar this month are on Macaulay and Charles Lamb and Dr. John- son. Both are very good, and full of amusing anecdotes. " A Woman " criticises rather fiercely George Meredith's views about her BOX. Somehow women never do believe that they are what men believe them to be. The Universal Review contains three noteworthy articles. One is by the editor, Mr. Harry Quilter, on the pictures of the year. The uri ter insists on imagination, honest work, and fidelity to nature ; he abhors mere prettiness, and painting to suit the taste of likely patrons. His criticisms, always thoughtful, are sometimes scathingly severe, but always appreciative of well- directed effort This article is illustrated with many reproductions of the pictures criticised, and several original sketches by the artists themselves. Then Mr. Robert Buchanan, who calls his article Imperial Cookneydom," continues his attack on his literary contemporaries. He often has the truth on his side, and his essay is certainly full of point, but the manner is out of date. Pope gave us a sufficient dose of the savage and personal style of criticism, and we do not want the style revived. The third paper is a delicately beautiful work of imagination, by Miss Marian Robinson. Sha fancies herself sitting with the ghost of Shakespeare at a Lyceum performance of Man beth," and listening to the ghost's criticisms. Skilful hands are wanted for such a subject and Miss Robinson's are so skilful that the reader thankfully yields up his imagination to the charge of hers. The principal article in the Magazine of Art is More Thoughts on our Art of To-day," by G. F. Watts, It. A. His main conclusions may be found in the following passage : " The position held by art in the days of Pericles as the exponent of man's religious and political outlook, retaining its religious function in the Middle Ages, not its political, must be resigned to poetry and literature. Perhaps it will take its place by tho side of the modern novel Aaron's rod among intellectual efforts. Now and again the inherited delight in form will break out, in an endeavour to express ideas by bygone symbols and fashions, for it will always be pleasant and refreshing in literature and art to take an occasional plunge into the purely Suggestive. But this, most likely, will be rare, and always with conscious effort, which is as great an enemy to poetry as it is to art. Most probably art in its most natural domain, is a thing of the past. " Child of the Sun and of Loveliness, a Princess in olden times, she may become the handmaid of reality ; she may busy herself tendency in the cottage, the hospital, and the workhouse and from Hogarth to François Millet, prove how she can tell the story of everyday life, and call to mind human needs and sufferings. She will hardly compete with language, but in display of beauty and splendour even poetry is a beggar by her side, for in splendour she was nurtured, and splendour is her natural home. In his first statement Mr. Watts is clear enough, but it may be confessed that when he comes to forecast the future of art he is not so intelligible. We should, for instance, have been very grateful to him if he had explained precisely what he wants doing in cottage, hospitals, and workhouses. The article has for a frontispiece an engraving of the fine bust of Mr. Watts, which Mr. Alfred Gilbert, A.R.A., has sent to this year's Royal Academy Exhibition. A rather strong number of the Confentporof»/ Review opens with an article by Dr. Waite, the Archbishop of Dublin, called " Arbitration or the battering- ram." Whether Dr; Walsh's ideas are fortnight) may be a question, but he clearly proves that Irish tenants generally would submit their claims to arbitration, and that Irish landlords would not, and that is a decidedly strong point to have made. " The Mystery of our Foreign Relations" is a plea by Mr. F. Greenwood for larger arma- ments in order that the Foreign Secretary may feel himself strong enough to take the nation into his confidence. Orphans in some " is a sight-. larly beautiful essay, in the form of a conversation, by the gifted lady who writes under the noms de plume of " Vernon Lee." Her object is to show that art or music should suggest spiritual health." The following fine passage deserves quotation : "Think of Baudelaire's poems and many of Swan burne's they are beautiful, but they appeal to things in its which are low, Savage, which are bad for our moral health. I return to Wagner's ' Tristan.' Yesterday afternoon, at my house, the governess and the niusic-niaator played me the whole of that * Death of Isolde,' arranged for four hands. It is magnificent. AB beautiful, quite as Gluck's Elysian Fields, and even more stirring. Butnhlle things body, that-I moan Isolde is unholy. I felt it very strongly, and won dosed why. While I was wondering, I suddenly recollected a book of anthropology I have been reading : an awful catalogue of primeval atrocities and mad nosHcs. I understood then. This most modern of all music suggests all the wild beast in mankind. It is a long-, horrible, hysterical attack put into music: the furies of speechless sobbing, writhing, suicidal passion." "Well; and why not, if, as you say, it is beautiful '(" asked Carlo. *' Because," answered Baldwin, as Donna Maria seemed rather at a loss to explain herself; "because whenever art plays with the animal within us, rouses these primeval passions, it attains perhaps its most potent emotional oiled, but it becomes morally detrimental. The Inter growths of the BOUI-gontloness, enthusiasm, pitying sorrow-do not afford to art matter, as it were, SO magnificently combustible. But it is only when touching such more recent nobler emotions, or at least in leaving the others untouched, that art has a morally same effect Orpheus, in Glueli's music, in the Hnstreitor's singing and acting (so honoured and bar monioUB and delicate, is a gentle, tender, chivalrous creature; above all, a civilised human creature. Isolde and to get the full equivalent we ought to imagine Isolde acted by a Sarah-Is a savage, or a woman in whom the revolt of the ferocious powers of love and despair have quenched all higher emotions, without which the higher animal, man, is not sane, because not complete" Mr. Stead's article on General Boulanger JB written in a pessimistic strain. Ila thinks that the Republic has lost the affections of Fro nob moe, and does not know how to regain them, and that the result will be a military despotism. Mr. Birkbeck Hill on " Dr. Johnson as a Radical " is by no means paradoxical, There were, undoubtedly, Radical tendencies in Dr. Johnson, and Mr. Hill brings them out very clearly. On the Irish question, for instance, Dr. Johnson's utterances ate on all fours with those of Mr. Dillon or Mr. Parnell. An article on .' Speech and Song " by Dr. Morell Mackenzie is mainly a warning against excessive cigarette smoking. The dispute between Professor Huxley and his critics in the Nineteenth Century on the meaning of the word "Agnostic" has now enlarged itself into an attack on, and a defence of orthodox Christianity. This month Professor Huxley returns with fresh vigour to the assault His view of Cardinal Newman is worth noting a half with one hand Dr. Newman has destroyed Protestantism, he has antiib.il.itod Itomonism with the other -, and the total result of his ambidextral efforts is to shake Christianity to its foundations." Prince Krapotkin, writing on the " Great French Revolution," puts forward the strange opinion that "the diameter of the next movement in France is almost sure to be in the direction of independent federated Communep, trying to introduce a life based on Socialist principles." Seeing that Paris, the head-quarters of French Socialism, has recently voted for General Boulanger, we discern no evidence for this. The Rev. H. P. Dunster has an idea ; it is that there should be an "Agricultural Parcels Post," by means of which agricultural produce should be conveyed direct from the producer to the consumer at a uniform charge of sixpence for the half landed weight. But how would railway share holder like the plan ? "An Appeal against French Suffrogo " is a new departure ture which is not commendable, It is, in short, a list of names of women, distinguished or otherwise, who are against female suffrage. Of course that list might be met with one of a precisely opposite kind, and of such controversy there can be no end. Mr. Edward Clifford Bonds a pathetic account of the " Hawaiian, and Father Damien." In a second article on " Twelve Millions Wasted in the Sea," Mr. Plimsoll again insists that the principles of fire insurance should be applied to [ marine risks, and that no owner should be permitted to insure his ship above its value Of the remain- ing articles, that of Sir M. Grant Duff, called "A Bird's-eye View of India's perhaps the most noteworthy. "Of "views" about the French Revolution there are enough and to spare, and one rather presents a fresh one. Yet Mr. Frederick Harrison's reply in the _"ortnio7i% Review to the question "What the Revolution of 1789 did?" comes somewhat opportunely after the recent article in the Quarterly. Mr. Harrison's and these are that the revolution was in preparation, to a considerable extent under the influence of English ideas, during the whole of the eighteenth century that it was " far less the final crash of an effete system than it was the new birth of a greater system ;" that it was dominated by the idea of " the public good as opposed to privilege, and that this idea has remained ever since victorious in France, whatever may have been the particular form of government This article is appropriately followed by one from Lord Wolseley on " The French Revolution and War, in which the writer argues that the revolutionary armies brought about the mighty conscription armies of modern days. Mr. Frederick Greenwood's " Conversation in a Balcony " in a pretty and fanciful love-making sketch. In a paper on " Turi Reform " Mr. W. Day, the well-known trainer, argues for a periodic election of the. Jockey Club. These four articles are perhaps the cream of the Review, but papers by Lady Dilke on " Trade Unions for Women," by Professor Freeman on "The House of Hapsburg in South-eastern Europe," and by a lady signing herself Emilia Began on " The Women of Spain, should not be neglected. The New Review is an attempt to give the reading world another Jfinefcenf/i Century in quality, but of course not in quantity, for the small price of sixpence. It opens with a defence of General Boulanger by M. Naqnet, of the French Senate, and an attack on him by M. Palleten, of the French Chamber. M. Naquet claims for Boulnngerisui that it means no reaction, respect for progress already obtained, cessation of the policy of intolerance pursued for the last 10 years, constitution of the Republic on the lines of a liberal democracy." All this, boiled down, we learn from another part of the paper, means the separation of executive and legislative functions-, and this, in France, would mean Oicaarism and a helpless Parliament. Mr. Henry James, in a dialogue called " After the Play," as usual writes well and agreeably, and, also as usual, conducts us nowhere. Lady Randolph Churchill prattles pleasantly about " A Month in Russia." After Mr. Clark Russell's serial " Marooned " the most attractive paper in Macmillan's Magazine is one on George Crabbe," by Mr. George Saintsbury, who claims for Orabbo a much higher place than modern critics generally allow him. Anglers should read a nicely written sketch of worm fishing for trout, quaintly called "Small Dear." Mr. A. G, Brassey contributes a most picturesque description of " The Poor Whites of the Southern States." The English Illustrated has for its chief attrac- tion an article, prettily illustrated, of the charming Surrey country through which the Wandle flows. Mr. Christie Murray's story, called " John Vale's Guardian," in Chambers' Journal, will enthral young and old readers alike. Little Folks and St Nicholas, as usual, cater effectively for their small events. We have also to acknowledge The Quiver, The Sunday at Home, The Leisure Hour, Cassell's Family Magazine, The Boy's Own Paper, The Girl's Own Paper, and sensitive. After their several kinds each of these seems up to its customary standard of excellence. 