FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1889. PROTECTION AND POLITICS. A great man said that in all dis putes between the people and their rulers the presumption, is at leaBt on a par in favor of the people. It is, therefore, reasonable to suppose that there is some cause for the abuse that is so lavishly bestowed upon the gentlemen entrusted with the making of our laws. The popular diagnosis I may be wrong, but as to the existence | of a disease there can be little doubt. The great danger when those in power are moved to action by popular dis content is that quack remedies and ex pedients will be resorted to and the future sacrificed to the present. In times of depression resulting from vicious legislation the people become augrp and clamorous, feel that they are in some way the victims of legis lative stupidity, demand that some thing should be done to set things right again, and as usual accept the plausible purveyors of bunkum and claptrap as the heaven - appointed regulators of social affairs. Of course they are to blame for this-but slightly by comparison. They ought to know, and generally do know, a humbug when they come across him, but men tolerate many curious things in sheer despair, induced by long experience of something better. There is a ten dency in them to regard misgovern j meiit as the order of nature, and this feeling begets apathy. Besides, the people trust their representatives to think for them in matters political, and are, therefore, easily gulled. During the last six years we had a good deal of depression in South Aus tralia. When it was first seriously felt a few self-constituted, and ohicfly in terested, exponents ot class opinions, got up an agitation for protection, and one ot those complaisant Governments to which we have latterly become so used, got Parliament to increase the tariff. A couple of years passed, and the prosperity promised as a sequel to this dose of protection exhibited itself in an increase in the number of unemployed. There was a cry for a further increase of duties, and we got it, with the results those directly in terested are aware. If protection could make us prosperous, we ought to be so sow or very shortly. New fcouth Wales is in danger of having similar experiences. The financial affairs of that colony have been re duced to a pretty mess kj* ±**0 olmooxr criminal mismanagement of those in power. The-country is rich enough to yield a more than adequate revenue honestly raised and without percep tible pressure, bu>t for a long time Parliament trusted largely for supplies to the sale of the public estate, and as soou as a check was placed upon this wholesale alienation of the laud the revenue became deficient by two-and a-half millions. Mr. Dibbs, the Premier, estimates the real deficit is now about £2,900,000, and it has grown to this notwithstanding the re ceipt from particular lines of excep tional sums aggregating about a million sterling. And it is here that the quackery of Mr. Dibbs comes in. We speak of his quackery, because one becomes suspicious of the candour of changes of political opinion that open the way to power. The Premier of .New South Wales says that free trade is at the bottom of all their diffi culties, and that everything will be set right again by a protective tariff. He destroys by his policy the explanations of the prologue. Knowing the cmise of politics, and how fond people are of change, we should not be surprised to fiud that a fairly large body of the electors ot Iv ew South Wales accepted Mr. Dibbs and his gospel. Young countries anxious to protect themselves into prosperity might well study the operation of that panacea in the United States. Freetraders deny that protection increases the aggregate wealth of a country-but let us assume for the sake of argument that it does. What does this increase in the total wealth of a community avail to the working classes if their proportionate share of it is not increased or even kept up. Is it any satisfaction to the hardworking mechanic who has to stint himself to keep his family going, tokuow that his employ erisgrowingricher under the beneficent policy of fiscal plunder. The capitalists of the United States are becoming richer and fewer, and a writer in one of the monthlies says that "within the life of some now livin<* two- thirds of the wealth of the Ament can people will be held by less than the hundredth part of its adult popu lation. " About 100,000 people are enabled by protection to secure three fifths of the annual savings of the people, whereab uuder direct taxation they could not secure half that amount. How gratifying this must be to the 17.400,000 of the wage-earning classes of th e States wb ose average weekly wages are less than 30s. a week, and who under the policy to which they are indebted for the scantiness of" their incomes have to pay all round at least 50 per cent, more for necessaries than thev otherwise would. The interested capitalists tell the people that the more they are taxed the better off they are, and the people, deceived by the surface plausibilities of the ease, believe them. Such is an aspect of the workiug of popular government without the appli cation of an educated public opinion. The people never remember the most important consideration of all, that it is one of the most difficult things in the world to shake off protection when it has once fairly fastened on a country. The people, not perceiving the true evil, become apathetic on the "subject, and the capitalists "command the legis lature inproportion to- its" coiry ption-. The time -wfcei£ Uief cmtc^ess'5can? be dispensed'with seenis never to arrive. Victoria has had protection for twenty years and cannot dispense with it. The United States have had it in an intense form for thirty years, and is as attached to it as ever. The period of independent manhood seems never to be reached; the ancient industries must be bottle fed for ever. Even freetraders are tender in their refer ences to the policy in a country where it is popular, and, out of regard chiefly to these political interests, profess a disinclination not to be hasty in its destruction. These difficulties in getting rid of the protective policy when it has run its alleged course should be seriously weighed at the out set, and should in themselves be | xlsafficient to turn the scale. The free traders of New South Wales have a great duty to discharge and we hope they will be equal to it. Their colony has grown strong under the great stimulus of healthy competition and with the widest area for division of labour, aud its revenue can easily recover when its finances are honestly handled. A mistake as to the true cause of a passing evil should not lead to the adoption of a mistaken policy. THE COPPEB MABKET.-Mr. J. Hoach, sharebroker, wired to us from Adelaide yester day afternoon as follows :-" A I/ondon tele gram advises tlie copper market has recovered its buoyancy, and the present quotation is £78. The Paris Syndicate is offering£7710s. in Adelaide. The Hon. David Murray, of South Australia, has formed a syndicate in London to work Mr. Prout's invention for the welding of copper and iron." KAPUNDA HOSPITAL.-The Secretaiy re ports as follows for the week ended January 26 ..-Admitted, 4} discharged 4; died, 0 ; re maining in Hospital, 15. COKGBEGATIONAI CHTTOCH. - The new pastor of the Congregational Church, the Bev. A. Gk Fry, will preach as such for the first time on Sunday next. INCOME TAX RETUEXS. - To-morrow, Saturday, February 2nd, taxpayers south of Hergott Springs are reminded is the ^lust day for furnishing income tax returns. CRICKET.-A match is being arranged to be played on the Dutton Park Oval on Saturday afternoon, commencing at 2.30 o clock, between the Kapunda Club and a. team of all-comers. SOUTH ATJSTBAXIAS LOAN.-The prospectus of the new loan for £1,317,880 for the South Australian Government for various pvblic ?works has been issued by the Agent-General (Sir Arthur Biyib). The rate of interest has been fixed at 31- per cent. Tenders will be received up to Tuesday, February 5. SUDDEN DEATH AT NABRACOOBTE.-Mrs. J. J. Taylor, formerly o£ Kapunda and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Hancock, of Mildred-street, died rather suddenly at her residence at Jfarracoorte on the 24th January. Her illness was so short that death ensued before the news of her ailing reached her Kapunda relatives and friends, by whom the sad intelligence was received with great sorrow. STATE SCHOOL APPOINTMENTS.-The fol lowing appointments of teachers in the State schools have been sanctioned by the Minister of Education:-Appointments.-Head masters -Alfred Holloway, Kapunda; William John McBride, Unley. Head teachers - Carl Bronner, Lyndoch ; Elizabeth Anna Poulton, Barabba; Erliard Simeon Suhroeder, Tan nnda. Assistants (first grade, first year) William Ham, Kadina. Assistants (second grade, third year)-William Howard, Nor wood (boys') ; Thomas Nicolle, Kapunda, first year. Assistants-Sarah Beatrice Maude Inglia, Lyudoch; Mary Charlotte Peake, Tanutida. TBADESMEN'S ASSOCIATION. - About a dozen gentlemea engaged in business in Ka punda responded to an invitation contained in a circular sent round a few hours previously to attend a meeting to be held at the Institute on Tuesday evening for the purpose of organizing an Association of business people for the mutual benefit of the members and the advancement of the town and its tride. The President elected at the preliminary meeting, Mr. A. H. Greenshields, occupied the chair, and Mr. Packer, in the capacity of acting Secretary, reported that the endeavour to get an extended holiday at Christmastide was successful, but the cost of giving it ample notification amounted to about £6. In the dissussion which ensued, it was pointed out tliat a small annual subscription entitling to membership of the Association would cover this and any similar expense which might have to be entailed in the future. I Mr. Hutchings pointed out that if the Associa- j tion were properly worked the mutual bene- j fits would be such that no business persons i could >fford to hold aloof. Amongst the matters which the Association might deal with would be tlie restriction of the credit sys tem, the mutual interchange of the names of un desirable creditors,political matters affectingthe interests of the town, the time of arrival and departure of mails, the question of a second railway to the Barrier via the North-west Bend line, the freights on the Silverton Tramway Company's line, and in short all matters in any way affecting the trade of the town. After the advantage of such an Association had been fully ventilated, Mr- J. 3J. Hitehens proposed, and Mr. Cole seconded, " That a Tradesmen's Association be formed, the membership fee to be 5s. per annum payable in advance." This was carried, and Mr. Packer was elected Secretary. On the motion of Mr. T. D. Nock, seconded, by Mr. Nairn, a committee consisting of Messrs. Greenshields, Hutchings, Feazey, Watts, Nuim, Nock, May and the Secretary, was appointed to draft the rules for the working of tlie Association. After all present had enrolled themselves members anri arrange for a canvass of the town for eligible members, the meeting adjourned until such tiuie as the Committee were ready to Eubmit the draft rules for adoption. . Eauikdi RACING CLUB.-A meeting . of this club will be held at the Sir John Franklin Hotel this evening. The business is Tory important, and consequent]/ there should bo a good attendance. The coarse sub-com mittee Kill submit its report, and the pro gramme lor the raoe meeting on the 3rd April drafted. Up to the present we understand about 60 members of the Ciub have been en rolled. Thb UNEMPLOYED.-Mr. Glynn, M.P., informs us that work at roadmaking at Hawker has been found for thoBe men out of employment. PaBsess Trill be issued to men in need of wort on calling at Mr. Glynn's office. L.-C. GHAHT LIKELY «O BE APPOINTED. The need for an additional local commissioner for taking affidavits having been brought under the notice of the Government by Mr. Glynn, M.P., an assurance has been given that an appointment will be made at once probably the Clerk of the Local Court, L.-C. Grant. DEATH OF JOHN COENEY.-On the 26th January at Hamilton there passed away another of the few remaining colonists who arrived here prior to the proclamation of the colony 011 the 2Sth December, 1836. We allude to John Corney wbo died on Saturday last after a lingering illness at the age of 72 years. Corney arrived in Soutli Australia in the Cygnet in September, 1S36, and formed one of the survey party under the late Sir George Kingston. Some time ago we pub lished some interesting reminiscences of Mr. Corney's career in the early days. The deceased leaves a wife, eight children, and nine grandchildren. THE EXPBESS AT TABLES.-At the desire of the inhabitants of Kapunda, Mr. Glynn, M.P., waited on the Commissioners of Rail ways dome time ago to ask that the Broken Hill express should he allowed to stop at Tarlee on both up and down journeys if signalled for, and was informed that the train should stop for passengers booked beyond Terowie going up and down. On Tuesday, January 29, Mr. Glynn again waited on the Commissioners, stating that the station master refused to let the down train atop for passen gers booked beyond Terowie, the result being that those who take return tickets from Tarlee to Broken Hill cannot get back to the station from which they book. The Railway Com missioners will deal with the matter. IBBIGATION AT MOEGAN.-On Wednesday Mr. Glynn, M.P., saw the Commissioner of Public Works in reference to the irrigation scheme at Morgan, a motion in favour of which was carried in the Assembly last session. The schcme was endorsed by the Assembly subject to the condition that the land was suitable; and to test the quality of the soil and lie of the country a Parliamentary party recently visited Morgan. The Commissioner of Public Works has delayed bringing the matter before the Cabinet for decision, as he is anxious to get information from Kew Zea land in reference to pumping appliances which are worked there by water power, and which are said to be economical. Mr. Catt fears that the cost of raising water 150 feet would be very great, and is anxious to have all the con ditions affecting success or failure before him before reporting to the Cabinet on the matter. HOLY GHOST COLLEGE, BALL ah AT.-An advertisement of a new Roman Catholic College in Australia appears iti our issue of to-day. The College is founded by the now celebrated fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost, who have institutions in Ireland and France. The Dublin institution, popu larly known as the French College, Blackrock, was founded about twenty-five years ago by the French fathers, one of whom, the Rev. J. E. Reffe, was for several years its dean, and had a high reputation for learning, especially in the classics, among ecclesiastics at home, and, though a Frenchman, is a powerful speaker in English and possessed of the highest abilities both as a teacher and manager. Indeed the French College has for many years been the premier iustitution of its kind in Ireland, and on several occasions its pupils carried off the greatest number of prizes and exhibitions obtained by a single establishment at the public examinations under the Intermediate Education system. It may be of interest to state that it is the Alma Mater of our junior member, Mr. Glynn, M.P., one of whose brothers, recently from the College, obtained the Gold Medal for English composition, given by the Solicitors' Appren tices'Debating Society of Ireland, and another is exhibiting some promise as a writer of sporting tales, one of which has been success fully republished in novel form. The Ballarat institution has an admirable ancestral record, and we wish it success. PiuiiiTivE METHODIST CHUBCH ANNI VERSARY.-The anniversary of the Kopuuda Primitive Methodist Church was continued on Tuesday last. In the afternoon a well attended tea took place, which was followed by a lecture by the Rev. A. W. Wellington. The Rev. A. A. Smith occupied the chair. The subject of Mr. Wellington's remarks was. "Woman, lier position, characteristics, and sphere of action." In his prefatory observa tions, the rev. gentleman disclaimed the title of a lecturer, his aim being merely to entertain his hearers. Taking his audience back to i early days, Mr. Wellington recounted the | degrading treatment to which women were then subjected, and by which they were pre vented from rising to the position which by nature they were fitted to occupy. But that state of civilization,he said, had with advancing years now almost entirely lost itself in the 1 darkness of the past, and in those few coun tries where the dawn of civilisation had only comparatively recently appeared above the horizon the condition of woman was assuredly improving, and the time was nigh when even there she would enjoy the freedom and pri vileges which belonged to her, but which had been withheld for ages. Speaking of modern times, the Iccturer said that for true devotion woman was not excelled by any one, and no heart beats like the lieai't of a woman. Her ordinary sphere was that of the wife, mother, and friend, and if she were these she had attained her true position. During the course of the lecture amusing incidents and good advice were introduced, and on resuming his seat Mr. Wellington was applauded. Songs were sung during the evening, and an en} >y able meeting was closed with the usual votes . of thanks and the doxology. The " knife and fork supper," which followed the meeting, was fairly well attended. It has been resolved to ereet a crematory at Glasgow for the disposal of the bodies of the dead. Bu^ WOLFE'8 SCHNAPPS by the bottle. * '« Be-sure you get WoLrt's ScBNAPrs. 