THE CENTENNIAL MAGAZINE. The December number has been speoially prepared for Christmas reading, the only out-and-out eolid artiole in it being one by H. i>. Jackeon, M, A., on " The Chnrchand Modern Tbongbt." The writer la convinced that there ia great hope for the Churoh— meaning the Church of England — but insists that anbatantial reformation, having for its aim, amongst other things, the union of the various religiona bodies, is essential to real comprehensive progress. The rest of the magazine consists of stories, sketches, and poems. The illustrations are not numerous, the principal being a well-executed engraving of a stained-glass window in the new Cen tennial Hall, Sydney. If this ia a fair sample of the decorations of this magnificent baud ing they must be very choice. There is a triplet of poetical compositions entitled "In Childland." The verses are prettily written, and are illustrated by clever marginal drawings. David C. Falk, who is winning a reputation as the author of bright little etories, supplies a novelette under the heading of "The Castaway of the Barrier." It ia a well-told tale, full of incident and passion. Mr. James Smith discourses upon " Melbourne in the Fifties," introducing interesting reminiscenoes of men and things. " One Aloue" is a touching story of a golden- haired girl and a pet seagull. Boll Boldrewood's novel "Nevermore" is continued, and ia inoreaaing in inte rest as it prooeeds. " Howard C. Coghlan" contributes some deeply sentimental verses on " Love and Sympathy," and among' the other poetiou pieces are "The Praying Mantis," by Louisa N. Meredith; "A Bunch of Flowers," taste fully arranged by Everard Dlgby; "Love and Ambition," by " E. J, T.;" verses setting forth with muoh vividness the disappoint ing effect of ambition when it is made the chief end of life; and "Suspense," by Frances Tyrrell Gill. The variety of the prose bfll-oF fare furnished in - this number may be gathered from the fact that in addition to the compositions already enumerated there are artioies on "Australian Ghosts," by W. 0. Hodgklnion: " The Art of Wooing," by W. | Lowers and F, C. Gowle; and very readable •ketohea and novelette*, anoh ae " The Shepherd's Bleating," a atory for nbtldran, by aenden. 