Ludicrous Stage Episodes. Fortunately for the public in general, and for actors in particular, the old saw that " The unexpected always happens " is about as true as most old proverbs. Having a great respect for proverbs, on account of their sup. posed antiquity, I prefer to suggest my scep ticism in regard to their veracity in a polite manner, rather than deliberately avow my disbelief in the strict accuracy of the epi grammatic nonsense of cheap-jack sages. " The unexpected," however, sometimes happens in ways which are not conducive to the serenity of its victims' tempers, and nowhere, perhaps, is this more strikingly dis played than in the unrehearsed incidents which occasionally occur on the stage. With incidents of a tragical nature-and there are many such on record-it is not my intention to deal at present, but there are many epi sodes which may fairly be classed in the domain of the ludicrous, which appear suffi cieritly interesting for recapitulation in these columns. One of the. most comical situations ever witnessed on the stage of a theatre was once brought about by other than human actors in the Dresden Opera House. The opera being performed was Victor Nessler's " Rat catcher of Hamelin," and in one of the sen sational scenes quite a multitude of "pro perty " rats were, by an ingenious contriv ance, made to appear from every part of the set scene in which the action took place. The manager of the Opera House, like many of our own theatrical proprietors, kept a cat on the establishment,and this old cat wasin the habit of making itself quite at home in the wings during.the performance. On the night of the production of "The Ratcatcher of Hamelin," the cat was sitting at the wings watching the performance with as much in terest as any of the audience. When the rat scene came on, so realistic were the property rats constructed that the moment they ap peared in view, the cat bounded on the stage and at once began the attack. A very slight contact, however, with the made-up rats proved to poor pussy the inadvisability of Jumping at conclusions, and she retired in disgust. The audience so fully enjoyed the unrehearsed effect, and applauded so lustily that pussy was brought out in the arms of an attendant, and took her "curtain" in the orthodox manner. That the audience has occasionally helped to bring about stage episodes of a comical character will be readily believed by those who have ever seen the effect of many plays on a crowded and sometimes indiscriminate pit or gallery. Provided that the play is a "realistic" one, and that the acting is as re alistic as the play, itis tolerably certain that someone will forget the fictitiousness of the performance, and allow his or her imagina. tion to substitute reality for make-belief. At a provincial theatre, for instance, it is re corded that during a performance of "Mlac. beth," the actor who played the title-role had finished his words to the ghost of Banquo, "Hence, horrible shadow, hence 1" and, dropping on his knee, covered his face with his robe. Just as the applause finished, Ia boy in the gallery, carried away by the seem ing reality of the scene, yelled out, "It's all right, Mr.-, he's gone 1" The interrup tion naturally upset the gravity of both actor and audience quite as much as did an unfor tunate but laughable incident which once befel a German actor, though in this instance the actor himself was unintentionally contri buting to the contretemps which ensued. The actor, wishing for applause at a particular part of his performance, and being unable to satisfy the demands of that well-known con tinental theatre nuisance, a claque, placed his nine children in the gallery, and in. structed them when to applaud and cry, " Bravo." The moment at length arrived, and, to the utter discomfiture of the actor, and the intense amusement of the audience, the family of nine clapped their hands vigor. ously, and cried out, " Bravo, papa, bravo 1" There are many good stories told of Mac ready and one or two stage incidents, which his particular style of acting evoked, may be noted as illustrative not only of the singu larity of the man himself at rehearsal, but of his intense power as an actor in public. At rehearsal, of course, he never allowed himself to act, but went through the performance in a mechanical and conversational style which was so natural as to often deceive the mem bers of provincial stock companies with whom he might be rehearsing. Once, for ex ample, he repeated the lines: Do you wait for me to lead Virginia in, Or will you do so T" When the actor to whom he addressed the words, replied, "Oh, I don't mind, Mr. Macready, just as you like." His intense re alistic power, when playing in public once, produced a situation as unexpected as it was amusing. One night, when playing .Afacbeth in the provinces, the actor who should have acted as messenger in the last act was absent. The stage manager, scarcely knowing how to supply the omission, sent on a supernumerary to speak the lines of the part. The "super." conscientiously testi. fied to the moving of Birnam Wood, and Macready at once exclaimed, in his most in tense style, "Liar and slave 1" to which the dumbfounded messenger responded, "'Pon my soul, Mr. Macready, they told me to say it." The cup that does something more than cheer has occasionally been the cause of unexpected episodes on the stage. In this connection I may relate an amusing in cident which occurred in a company with which a sock and buskin friend of mine was touring in America some years ago. The company were travelling under the direction of Miss - , and during their travels they came into a district in which the sale of in toxicating liquor was prohibited by law. Actors, like the rest of us, are thirsty mortals at times, and, as a matter of course, every device was resorted to to obtain the neces sary refreshment. They soon learned that liquor must not be asked for openly, but that local pseudonyms would furnish the " open sesame" for all the alcoholic stimu lant they required. For instance, if gin was wanted, it was obligatory to ask for, say, " Mrs. Jones ;" if Scotch whiskey was neces sary, then "Sandy" was the equivalent and if Irish whiskey was an indispensible beverage,an applicationfor "Wahoo Bitters" would insure its production to the thirsty Thespian. The company were partial to "Wahoo" and the low comedian, unfortu nately, was altogether too fond of it. In deed, before the time of performanca ar rived-lanmLet on this occasion constituting the programme-the rakish comedian was fairly inebriated. He was "pulled together," however, as the first gravedigger, and a couple of boys beneath the stage held him steady while he shovelled up Yorick's skull. He got on pretty well, lntil he came to the speech which commences, "Cudgel thy brains no more about it," and ends, "Go, get thee to Yaughan and fetch me a stoup of liquor." The mention of liquor con founded the poor comedian to such au extent that he concluded his lines with the words "Go, get thee to Yaughan and fetch me stoup of liquor. Mind, lVahoo." The idea o making Shakespeare acquainted with the local slang for Irish whiskey convulsed the audience, and the curtain had to be rung down amid peals of laughter from every part of the building. To come nearer home, there is a rather good tory told about the managero ea smal theatre in Scotland. The manager was not an actor by any means, but, like many other managers, was not averse to profit by the drawing powers of an annual benefit. On this special occasion he was generally cast' for some part in the piece de r'esistance, and, on the particular benefit night on which the laughable episode occurred, he was playing Mr. Gibson in The Ticket-of-Leave .ltan. When giving Bob Brierley a bit of advice on his wedding day he said:-" Now Robert, I hope you will pardon me giving you a bit of advice on this your wedding day, but you know in this city there is only one ladder and in that ladder there is only one spoke, and that's at the top; you must reach that spoke somehow before you make yourself a man!" The "ladder with the one spoke " tickled Bob to such an extent that itwas some secondsbefore he could straighten his face sufficiently to proceed with. his part, while the more knowing ones among the audience laughed heartily at the manager's blunder. In another district in Scotland an incident occurred a year ago which caused consider able amusement among the audience present and gave the public an undesirable acquain tance with what goes on sometimes behind the scenes. The Theatre Royal, D---, was the scene of the incident referred to, and the play being performed was M1uc1 Ado About Nothing. Eventually the scene as originally arranged was shown for a moment, and then the position of the altar was changed in ac cordance with the wishes of the "leading man." To the public at large this trifling difference about the position of an altar may seem a paltrymatter for sensible mento quar rel about, but ;to those who know how diffi cult it is for a company to act in a set scene which differs in arrangement from that used at rehearsals the "few feet" dispute will not be a matter of surprise. My space being almost jexhausted I may conclude this article with an instance of the many laughable "situations" which may evolve themselves from "practicable" but sometimes stubborn scenic doors. It oc curred at the Gaiety Theatre, London. The burlesque of Jack Sheppard was in course of performance and at the commencement of the third act Jack was seen in the con demned cell heavily ironed. A turnkey entered and informed Jack (Miss Farren) that two visitors wished to see him. " Show 'em in," said Jack. The jailer (represented of course by a young lady) complying with Jack's request turned to go out of the cell but found that the door obstinately refused to open. After trying for some time the pretty turnkey looked appealingly to Miss Farren who obligingly came to the rescue. The spectacle of the prisoner helping to let the turnkey out of the cell was too much for the risible capabilities of the audience and the theatre rang with laughter. Despite the efforts of both prisoner arid jailer, how ever, the door remained fast and Jack's visitors had to make their entry from the wings, amid the uproarious mirth of the audience, and greeted with the happy im promtu from Miss Farren :-" So you've come in the back way l" WHYTE TIGHE. 