The Robbers of Literature. [BY SAWNEY STAFFORD.] I suppose no two persons are quite agreed as to the meaning of the word "plagiarism." The dictionary defines it as "literary theft," and this is doubtless its correct signification. But the difficulty has only been removed a step further by definition; for in what does "literary theft" consist? I purpose in this article to clear away some of the plausible rubbish which has hitherto hidden the object itself from view, and so present it in its naked inexcusable deformity. There are two kinds of plagiarism, that of thought and that of word, and both are equally heinous; though, word-theft being of a more glaring and easily- detected nature than thought-theft, is erroneously considered the grosser transgression of the two by far. Indeed, the majority of reading and writing people practically limit plagiarism to the domain of words, and only the keener detec- tive minds among them recognise plagiarism as equally affecting the domain of thoughts. Certain thoughts are so obvious that they belong, of course, to everybody--e.g., the thoughts that fire is warm and that ice is cold, and certain other thoughts, though the re- verse of obvious prior to the period of their discovery have, because of their universal acceptation, become the common property of mankind, e.g., the law of attraction and repulsion. Plagiarism, therefore, is no more possible in such cases that in those of fresh air and running water, which belong equally to all. Truisms belong to the race. But the realm of thoughts has no more been exhausted than the realm of words, and every discoverer in the former has an equal right to pro- tection with all discoverers in the latter. New finds are being continually made in the regions of literature, science, and art--new principles and combinations and new applications of the same; and to steal a discovery of the brain is quite as indefensible as to steal a discovery of the tongue. All discoveries are, in the abstract, thoughts, whatever incarnation they may afterwards assume. Stephenson's locomotive and Morse's telegraph are thoughts become incorporate, and any other claimant to either of them is a present pretender and a possible usurper. I give these illustrations of thoughts in their dress of concrete, because they will be better understood by the "general" than thoughts clad only in the airier garb of words. That, however, which most concerns the many is plagiarism of words; for most authors neither wish to be, nor are, original thinkers! and their power lies in serving up for their generation venerable truths on phrase-dishes of the newest makes, which too frequently are not their own, but stolen, ware more or less mangled to escape detection. Never was it so necessary to run plagiarism to earth as at the present time, for with the general diffusion of education and literature the lust of authorship has kept pace, and is defying every canon of honour in its passion- ate determination to see its name in print. In this article I shall speak mainly of poetry plagiarisms, because they are most common, but my remarks will apply with equal force to plagiarisms of prose. The grossest form of plagiarism is that which claims the authorship of a published piece every word of which has been written by another, but which has been copied ver- batim by the pretender who signs his name at its foot. Take the supposititious case of Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade" as an example. This is copied by Guy Tredaddles, who, because he has long hair and dreamy eyes, is con- sidered by addle-pated admirers who inno- cently confound essentials with accidentals to be the coming laureate. Certain among the said admirers, a bit less muddled in brain than the rest, have an uncomfortable suspicion that Christendom has been ringing with the poem for the last thirty years, and that a bard of world-wide fame has everywhere been accepted as its author, but good breeding for- bids them to even hint such a thing. And again, it would be an unpardonable insult to the Tredaddles family in general, old Guy in particular. How Guy himself can claim the authorship can only be explained on the ground of his being a fool-knave of a most pronounced type, for a fool pure and simple would be incapable of such a fraud, and an unmixed knave would laugh it to scorn, with an additional "Not for Joseph, if he knows it." But Guy's usurpation is awfully brief, for a press itemist, who neither fears God nor regards man, exposes him with merciless humour in the Balaclava Bombshell, and his friends let the wretched ass down gently on the lying plea of "strong delusion while suffering from the hereditary malady of peri- odical suspended lucidity." This is an extreme putting of the case, in order to make the kind of plagiarism it seeks to illustrate stand out in boldest relief. But cases hardly less glaring have actually oc- curred. That of the man Liggins, who copied "Adam Bede" word for word on its publica- tion and sought to oust George Eliot, is in the memory of all readers; nor, strange to say, was the impostor without partisans. Again, Coleridge once satirized his own "Ancient Mariner," anonymously in a quatrain stanza. Soon after its publication, a youngster on obtaining an introduction told the poet he felt rather uneasy at facing him. "Why?" asked Coleridge. The fact is, Sir, I recently wrote a satiric stanza against your 'Ancient Mariner' in the Morning Post, and fear it may have been brought under your notice." "Indeed, Sir. How strange! But do you know, I am under the impression I wrote that skit myself." Detection sooner or later is the inevitable fate of all such pretenders. But plagiarism is not usually of such a bare-faced nature as in the instances just cited. It is usually shy of verbatim attempts on popular pieces, and if, for example, it attacks such a poem as Longfellow's "Ex- celsior," makes the Alpine village, an Iceland hamlet; the blue-eyed Swiss maiden, a Scandinavian girl with brown orbs; the monks of St. Bernard, Protestant Mission- aries; and the catchword "Excelsior," "Emulator." Thus the last verse which runs:-- There in the twilight cold and gray, Lifeless but beautiful he lay; And from the sky serene and far A voice fell like a fallen star. "Excelsior." becomes: There in the borealis gay, Cold as a polar berg he lay; And from the topmost peak a b'ar Growled hoarsely (for he had catarrh.) "Emulator." Longfellow, that fine artist, is spoken of as a "Quarry," from the Excelsior block of which this literary Hottentot has condes- cended to carve his masterpiece. This is the first version of the authorship, but the second more truthfully declares the produc- tion to be an "echo" ; and this sudden fall from an "original" to an "imitation" is ac- counted for by the fact that between versions "one of those confounded critics," who are always making awkward discoveries, has laid the fraud before the public in a plain, un- sparing way. But anonymous pieces that for a few years have been going the rounds of the Press with great acceptance, are much more in the line of the plagiarist. These he snatches bodily, and boldly proclaims his own. Such poems as "Somebody's Darling," "Rock me to Sleep, Mother," and "I live for those who love me," have had each of them at least five and twenty authors. It is much to be regretted that any poem of merit should ever be launched on the ocean of publicity an ownerless prey to hungry pirates, for though most of them are rescued by the rightful owner eventually, it is not without the giving of fierce battle. Indeed some there are who, after long usurpation, actually come to believe themselves rightful literary Sovereigns, as George the Fourth, from frequently de- scribing the supreme moment at Waterloo, grew into the conviction that he had led the Guards on that occasion. "Did I not, Arthur?" he used to ask Wellington by way of confirmation. "I have heard your Majesty say so," replied that cool, sagacious captain. But the El Dorado of the plagiarist is the unpublished manuscript. Either because he is too poor to publish, or because he loves year after year to touch his work into grow- ing perfection, the issue of that work in serial or volume form is delayed. Now, if the plagiarist can only catch such an originator napping, take verbatim copies of his forms, and push them through the Press, he reaps the pleasures of renown without passing through the pangs of conception. A year later, perhaps the real author publishes the selfsame productions, and is assailed as a pirate and a forger. Then comes the tug-of- war. If the burglar-plagiarist possess a brazen face and many false witnesses, and if the despoiled original be retiring and companionless, the former wins the day. For did he not read, "The Broken Trombone" to Noodle in the dead of night, and hot from a grand instru- mental concert; and was not the manuscript of "The Laconic Lascar" revealed to Doodle, ere its ink was dry, on the sunrise deck of a P. and O. liner; and was not "The Bleeding Heart," inspired by witnessing "Romeo and Juliet," written between the acts, and posted at their conclusion to a lady friend; and so forth; and so forth; and so forth? What answer can the modest, lonely author make to this impudent pretender, backed by his brazen perjurers? But such cases are of very rare occurrence, for bards, though a secluded are not entirely a companionless race, and have an awkward knack of reading their produc- tions to chums of tenacious memory, and sending copies of the same to like-minded correspondents on whose loyalty they can rely. The late Rossetti and the present Tennyson could hardly have been successfully burg- larised by the boldest and most consummate plagiarist, though precious manuscripts of theirs lay unpublished for years; for these masterpieces were known to an elect few, whose lamps, pitchers, and trumpets would mightly have overturned all the tents of the Midianites. Not often, however, is this ver- batim pillage attempted, and only then by the boldest or by the most foolish; the former of whom are prepared to brazen out detection and exposure, aud the latter of whom are too constitutionally obtuse to feel it. The general plan of operations followed by the manuscript plagiarist is cunning rather than frank, discreet rather than valiant. It proceeds on this wise: the manuscripts are stolen to begin with, of course--i.e. they are copied verbatim. The fact that they are then replaced, so far from lessening the crime adds to it, for they are replaced simply to prevent suspicion which would otherwise be aroused. They are copied verbatim then, but are slightly altered in order that if detection should follow, the loopholes of "suggested," "selected," "polished," etc., may permit escape. For example, take a verse by an obscure Bohemian not unskilled in song: "And greatly he exemplified his creed, For when within the abbey glooms he played, The organ seemed a Holy Ghost decreed, And tongues of fire around the people strayed, Voicing their inmost, their divinest need, And solid arch and pillar fluid swayed, And the fine fretwork of the vaulted roof, Dissolved and swam, not being miracle proof." This becomes, under the hand of the rising plagiarist: "And sweetly he exemplified hie creed, For when within the abbey walls he played, The organ seemed a Holy Ghost decreed, And tongues of fire around the altar strayed, Voicing its inmost, its divinest need, And to and fro both arch and pillar swayed, And the rich beauty of the lofty roof Seemed as it swam to eyes not poet proof." And this is "suggestion," "selection," "polish," is it, Mr. Goth Poodle? And first, "great" playing and not "sweet," is what Abbey organists give us; a bowl of brandy, not a cup of tea; a noise as of harpers harp- ing with their harps, not as of a solitary fiddle; the deep-throated harmonies of ocean, not the shallow melodies of a rivulet. 2nd. The proper word is not "walls," which we can get anywhere, but "glooms," which are peculiar to great spiritual piles. 3rd. This allusion is taken from Pen- tecost, and to substitute "altar" for "people" is both false and arbitrary; further, "its inmost its divinest need" is nonsense, for an altar has neither an inner life nor a divine. Fourth, "And to and fro both arch and pillar swayed" is taotology; "swayed" is a better phrase by far than "to and fro;" and again, the effective contrast of "solid " and "fluid " is lost. This unsuperfluous poetic verse you have made redundant and prosaic. Fifth, "rich beauty" is both vague and incor- rect; for "rich" implies warmth, and carven stone is cold; and "beauty" is equally ap- plicable to twenty other parts of an ecclesi- cal structure; "fine fret work" is the precise phrase needed, but one evidently too micro- scopic for your dense, broad vocabulary; further, "lofty roof" is a term as applicable to a tallow warehouse as to a cathedral, whereas "vaulted roof" implies church archi- tecture of a particular order; the one is a builder's platitude, the other an artist's triumph. Sixth, "seemed as it swam to eyes not poet-proof." There is no "seeming" about it; such phenomena are actually and constantly passing before the poetic vision; the eye of faith does not see Christ more clearly. Again, "eyes not poet-proof " is a loose and incorrect way of saying "possessors of the poetic eye;" and "miracle-proof" ex- presses the meaning of the author. All the former wonders of the stanza lead up to this, the crowning wonder--the supernatural and the artistic climax. "Poet-proof" may be what you mean to say; but as another carved the statue you have seen fit to mutilate, none but vandals will prefer the sculpture in its battered state. And seventh, who the devil gave you permission to mangle and ruin the carefully-wrought work and property of another? After this exposure, the less you endeavour to hide your inartistic savagery underneath the masks of "selection," "sug- gestion," and "polish," the better. I think I have now emphasized, by way of plain logic and illustration, the crime of plagiarism. And let me proceed to add, in conclusion, that it is a crime with no extenu- ating circumstances. No competent un- biassed jury of critics would ever return against a plagiarist on his trial a verdict of "guilty, with recommendation to mercy." A man's verses are his own. He has wrought them with loving labour. The best of his mind and his heart, his knowledge and his experience, are crystallised therein. They are his property equally with his furniture and his garments. To steal them is as grave an offence as to steal his sovereigns, and ought to be as indictable. The great verses: "Smite flat the thick rotundity o' the world," "Three thousand suns went down on Welsted's lie," "There is a budding morrow in midnight," Are Shakspere's, Pope's, and Keats', respec- tively. The man who defaces them is a vandal; the man who attaches any other name to them a forger; the man who appropriates them, a thief. And precisely the same principles apply to lesser poets and lesser verses. The only word-property common to every writer is the dictionary. Let each consult that, and build up his sentences accordingly; not stealthily possess himself of a building of beauty raised by another, smash a few of its rare marbles, daub its consequent fissures with his own abundant clay, then confidently proclaim himself its architect. A genuine writer does not need to steal from another; a sham writer should not be allowed to do so. If a man burns to write a poem, let him get pen, ink, and paper, a blotting pad, and a dictionary. If he cannot make headway with these tools and these alone, he has no more power of creation in him than a gorilla, and if wise, will hang his stringless harp on a willow tree, nor seek to steal his more gifted neighbour's many-chorded lyre. I, for one, would like to see all pretenders to poetry and prose alike, at present in existence, gathered in an immense room, for nothing less would contain them, sup- plied with writing material and lexicon, and forced to write on a subject announced to them in assembly by an incorruptible examiner and judge. If they indeed have written before, they can write again. "O, I really can't repeat that masterpiece of mine," says De Dullman to a female admirer; and the reason is that De Dullman's poem was stolen, not by him, but for him, from a name- less hack on the booze. I do not believe in single speeches, poems, stories, etc. The man who scores one triumph can score ten. "Single-speech Hamilton's" famous oration we now know was written by Burke, and all single successes have had like parentage Let us be thankful for those invaluable de- tectives, the critics; but let us temper our thankfulness with regret, when we remember that the Scotland Yard of authors does not inviriabiy succeed in running down offenders. And, in view of this, let each one of us con- stitute himself a private detective, to discover and handcuff men of inferior minds who mutilate, then claim, superior productions, and also men of no mind at all who bodily steal and stick to the same. 