Coil RESPONDENCE. WANTED A CANDIDATE. To THE EnrroR- -Si,-I have read with much amusement the Ietters from 'Casslus ' and ' Australian Native' on the above subject. They are taro bright specimena of the order-or disorder known as biliooai jealousi. I fancy your coorrespondents who aver they are not in the field, are would.bo candidates, who, having felt their way, find they have not a ghost of a show, and now, like the petti. fogging attorney, cry 'abuse the other side.' Mr. Deakin must have smiled at the chatrges which were hurled broadcast at him. Like the effervescence of a lemonade bottle, they, the indignant howls, have passed away. Some people expect everything from the oavernmient, even to scrapers at their front doors.and woo to the representative who does not accede instanter to their demantds. The fault in the past, that more has not been done for the boroughs, lies not with the members, but the people, for not agitating to have the great and uinwieldly electorate reduced. Perhaps tihe re-subdivision did not occur sooner than required, for it is within the past 3 or 4 years that the bo:oIghs have shot aheand into so much importanlce. Now your correspondents wire into Messrs. Deakin and Staoghton as if thdso gentleiomen had represented Flemington only for the past three years, forgetting to mention the large amount of work that these gentlemen, on the aggregate, have accomplished for the electorate of West Bourke.' There are some people who grow up with a dog in the manger idea from their birth and it is amusing to see how it affects their vision. The non removal of the cattle yards and the crowding of trains the wretched railway station accommnodation and a few olther trifles' are laid as charges against Mr. Deakin who..giJtow for a fact did his very utmost to reimovo andanelioirate those evils. Reg-rding the removal of the cattle yards, Deakin will be fire years older a politician before ih or the rate payers see the first post removed; and regarding train accommodation it was impossible during the land boom--mind the land boom to provide accommodation for the thousands who travelled free gratis and for nothing up and down on :sale days to the utter discomfort of regular travellers. I know that scores of gay young sparks who invested a fiver in a block of land as a deposit and gave their names on paper- prTer collars - were wont to travel with, the last train on Saturday night and because of the said investment became elated, noisy, and troublesome. Then came the cry' Blow Deakin, why doesn't he see we get more carriages.' Then, again, the report is circulated that Deakin linas jumped Jim Crow in politics. fies he? There has been no more consistent politician in broad liberalism than the ITon. Alfred Deakin, and f would say, in condelsion, thaln when all the little boys have snarled in turn in the boroughs that the 'old pet of the people' will go back to the kennel with twice as many admirers. Trusting that both your correspondents will give us something fresh and on the lines of truth if they again rush into print is the only desire of FAIR PitY. 