HUMOUR. Schultz—What was going on over at your house last night? It sounded like an earth quake. Miller—Oh, nothing at all; it was a more trifle, in fact. My wife asked why I came home so late. —Texas Siftings. It is not until a man becomes rich, in money —and mean for the sake of getting money— that he finds out how little comfort and pleasure and how few real friends money will bring him. —New Orleans Picayune. Two Charming Girls.—She—Do you not think, Mr. Horsey, that Clara Hendrix is a very charming girl? Mr. Horsey (with great delicacy)—Well, yes, Miss Phoebus, but you can give her ten pounds and beat her hands down. First dame—What shall we do to-day? Let's go to the matinée. Second dame— Can't; we haven't any money. It takes money to go to the theatre.' First dame— 'So it does. I did not think of that. Well, let's go shopping. 'John,' said Mrs. Hawkins, as they were going home from church, 'why did the min- ister call the dove that brought back a green twig to the ark 'he'?' 'I don't know,' re- plied John; 'unless it was that if the dove had been a female she couldn't have kept her mouth closed long enough to get the bough to the ark; and there was an ill feeling in that household all the rest of the day. Sammy (who is never allowed to stay out of school)—'Howdie Hurlbut didn't come to school all day.' Mamma—'Why not?' Sammy—' 'Cause his mother died. When you die may I stay home all day?' Mamma —'Yes, darling; you may stay home a whole week then.' Sammy (suspiciously) —'Oh, I know; you mean to die in vaca- tion.' —Life. 'You have my decision, Clara,' he said; 'I cannot walk with, you if you have to drag that poodle along. You must choose between him and me. It rests with you if our engage- ment shall be broken.' 'Oh, George!' the girl replied, 'it's so sudden. You must give me a week to think it over. One week, George, and you shall receive your answer.' —New York Sun. Husband (who has advertised for a type- writer expert)—'Did many call to-day, my dear, in answer to the advertisement?' Wife—'Yes, quite a number; but there is only one applicant whom I told to call again. He seems bright and I'm sure you will like him.' Husband—'What was the trouble with the rest?' Wife—'They were all young women.'—New York Sun. Wife (witnessing the play of 'Ten Nights in a Bar-room1')—'What a frightful curse rum is, John, ruining so many lives and wrecking the happiness of thousands of inno- cents. What a moral this play should teach and what a warning it should be?' Husband (reaching out for his hat)—'Yes, indeed, my dear.' Wife—'Are you going, John!' Husband —Just want to step outside a moment to see a man.'—New York Sun. 'Gentlemen,' said the little man, as he looked at his watch, rose to his feet, and took his hat, 'it is now nine-thirty, and I promised my wife I would be home at ten. In matters of this kind I am rigid and inflexible. When my wife asks me to come home at a certain hour and I promise to do so I am firm as ada- mant in fulfilling the promise. Decision of character, gentlemen,' he continued, as he thoughtfully rubbed a large, triangular shaped lump over his left ear, 'is indispensible to any man who expects to hold his position un- questioned as the head of the family. Gentlemen, good-evening.' —Chicago Tri- bune. The varying emotions springing from a snow-white gown of brocade given with a force and power that were cut low and worn over a tucker of fine old lace, evincing skil- ful expression of subdued passion and hanging sleeves of brocade puffed up so as not to conceal the apparent faults of elocution, and antique girdle of turquoise and brilliant medallions joined by a rare refinement of speech and motion which convey a gown of dead-leaf brown cloth, slit up the sides and open in front over an earnestness which is never subordinate to the robe of black satin, which is a mass of jet ornaments from throat to hem, displaying a much higher order of dramatic ability than she evinced last season. A very poor actor in B—— had played the part of the Ghost in 'Hamlet' for many years. Saphir, the German wit, seeing him, said: 'It would be a good thing if this man gave up the ghost, so that somebody else could take his part.' Hearing surprise ex- pressed because Rellstab made no sensation during his stay in Paris, Saphir remarked: 'That's perfectly natural; he was travelling incognito under the name of Rellstab.' A young poet once sent the humorist an 'Ode to Immortality,' requesting his opinion of it. Saphir returned the manuscript with the message: 'This package will never reach its address.' 'Three persons,' remarked the wit, 'sleep soundly—a child, a corpse, and a night watchman.' During his sojourn in X ——Saphir was frequently in the society of a well-known, theatrical manager whose dull- ness was notorious. 'How strange it is that my legs go to sleep every day!' he remarked. 'How can you wonder?' returned Saphir; 'they are always in your company.' 