THE MYSTERY OF THE CROWN PRINCE. WAS THERE A DOUBLE SUCIDE! DETAILS OF THE GREAT TRAGEDY. The Berlin correspondent of the Glas- <*> [?] Herald and the Brussels correspon-<*> dent of the Daily Chronicle send details of the versions current on the Continent as to the way in which the Crown Prince Bcdolph met his death. HOW THE PRINCE WEST MAO. Crown Prince Rudolph, according to the Gfo.-_'"*r Herald, had for the last three years at least been living in a bad way Bis disappointment at having no son first* estranged bim from his wife, his infideli ties completed the separation, and gradu ally it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached to each other, were leading a cat-and-dog Ufa. The Crown .Prince took to drinking in excess. He had never been' of strong constitution. Of slight build aud nervous, lymphatic temperament, highly Imaginative and excitable, he coald not stand wine. He lost interest in the literary pursuits and artistic studies which had been his delight during the happy days of his union with the Crown Princess Stephanie, and he was always craving for excitement. He did mad things when out bear-shooting and deerstalking. He was frequently eeen with a flashed face. Be took pleasure more and more in low society, and became smitten with a fond ness for ghost stories and spiritualism. The end of this was tbat he got haunted with the fear that he might become mad, like louts 11. of Bavaria. On his mother's side he bad some of the Wittelsbach blood in his veins, and he was constantly staring at the portrait of the Royal lunatic, his kinsman, which was hung ou a wall of his study. THE r-AEONESs MAKIE He had an intrigue with a Baroness Marie yon V ,aaya the Daily Chronicle, a young lady of 21, and one of tiie beauties of Austrian aoeiety. She belonged to an old Czech family, and waa tbe niece of a well-known Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between tbe Baroness Marie end the Crown Prince began aome months ago, at the house of the Countee. Larisch. This increased the estrangement between Prince Rudolph aud the Crown Prinoess Stephanie, and the Prince scarcely made a secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. In thlt he c 'anted confidently npon receiving the ast- lstance of the Em peror, if for no other reason than on account of the disappointment experienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified that the Crown Princess could have no farther issue. To the Crown Prince's surprise and disappointment, however, tbe Emperor point blank refused to countenance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself—as he undoubtedly Is—very attached to the Ctown Princess, and rated his eon for hia nnmaritai conduct. On Sunday, January 27, there waa a terrible scene between the Ciown Prince and his wife. The Arch duchess Stephanie threatened to return to ber parents in Belgium, and the Crown Prince taunted her with having no eon. Tbe Emperor had to interfere. He told the Crown Prince tbat he would appoint him Governor of Bosnia, acd oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. " There," he eaid, *' you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals " At the came timt>, however, the Emperor cautioned the Crown Prim* as to be more patient with her - husband. The infuriated Archduohess turned upon bla Majesty with the German pioterb .he apple does not fall far from the tree," which means "Your son is but a chip of the old block." This was anju. fcr tbe Emperor Francis Joseph I Lao never been a Lothario He made no I answer to his daughter—.-law's iusols. 111 h LAST AI'PEAEAKCE _ PUBLIC. The Grown Prince was seen for tha iaat time In public at Princess Roues'a recep tion od that came Sunday evening, 2J_ waa then wearing a Prussian uniform, and seemed in a gay mood, though flashed and somewhat flighty. The next morn, log his father Bent for him and repeated what he had aaid on the previous day, but with more peremptorine?S, adding that bt wouM give the thrown Prince a week in which to make his submission and promise to lead a better life. Archduke Rudolph got very angry and left Ills fattier without kissing hie band, according to Austrian custom. Striding away to his apartments he took off his uniform, pnt on a salt of shooting clothes, and sent notes to Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos inviting them to join him at Meyer ling for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards he started for Meyerling in a two-horsed cab driven by a man named Bratfisch. It ia remarkable that the Crown Prince having so many carriages of his own ahonld have driven out from Vienna for the last time in a cab. Bat Bratfisch was a noted singer of comic songs, and tbe Prince wanted to make merry In his company. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count Joseph Hoyos, and eteadied his nerves with a good deal of cham pagne. At first he was In very low spirits, bnt gradually brightened ap, and after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was sum moned intosk-g to him. The Crown Prince, Hoyo?, and Bratfisch remained ap to gether till 3 ln the morning, but daring tiie intervals between Brat—ch'a songs the Prince several times left the dining room, and went to his study to write letters, which were afterwards found on his desk. At 3a. m. the singular company separated on the understanding that tha Prince wonld go ont shooting at 9 o'clock In the morning. THE CAATEKEEP EE . _0n . From this point the stories differ, the Qlatgow Herald telling the gamekeeper story, and making the girl who committed suicide not tbe Baroness M but another young lady of the Austrian aristocracy. Of Portuguese extraction, and of fiery temper, she drove down to Meyerling on Taesday afternoon, the day after the —owe Prince's departure from Vienna. She had been ont shopping wit her aunt, and gave that lady the slip while the two were in a warehouse to gether. On reaching Meyerling ehe In i—ted on seeing the Prince. The inter view which he had with bis excitable lady love quite unnerved him. She stormed, wept, declared that her shame would coon become public, and ended by Bay big that unless the Crown Prince would take her openly nnder his protection and elope with her for a few weeks of foreign travel ahe would commit suicide, TbeCrown Prince was ao frightened that he dared notlet the girl go busk to Vienna alone, but proposed that ehe should re main for the night at Meyerling. Bhe was accordingly instailed in the lodge of the head gamekeeper, a man named Grotecb—. At night tiie Crown Prince slipped ont and want to the game keeper's lodge to his sweetheart. At this hoar an undertaker called Weider- Icg was going his night rot—d of the castle grounda. Weidering had orders to call the head keeper at C, and at tbe hoar appointed went to the lodge and knocked at the door. He waa carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun along over hie back. Suddenly, while he knocked at the front door of the house, he heard a window at the side of tha honse open and somebody jump out Having no idea that the Crown Prince was in the house he ran round, saw a man scampering away in tha dark, shouted to him to atop, and the next instant fired. The man dropped, hit in the shoulder. Weidering hunted up, and the Crown Prince struggling to hia feet gasped out —"I am Archduke Rudolph; Fm hit; lead me to the S—leas." The Prince swooned at this moment, just as he reached the window where the girl whom he had left a few minutes before w_ standing. Weidering appeared then to have called ont in his distraction that he had killed the Crown Prince, npon which the girl with drew with a dismayed shriek and swal lowed the contents of a bottle of poison which she had bronght srith her. It is not certain if the Prince knew what ahe had done. The only sure thing is that recovering quickly from his swoon, fas ordered Weidering again to help him wall to tbe Sc—_ _ and gave him the strictest injunctions to hold his tongue. The Prince then went home, and shortly after was found lying dead s_d drenched wit blood. He was lying half out of the bed, and there waa a revolver on the floor. THE SCI—)E OF THE BABOSES3. According to the Daily Chronicle, the gamekeeper's story is all false. The truth ia as follows:—When the Crown Prince went to Meyerling the Baroness Marie disappeared, leaving a note for her mother, in which she said ehe eras going to drown herself in the Danube. The terrified mother instantly went to Count Tsaffe, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause enquiries to ba made. Detectives were accordingly placed upon the track of the young lady, and on the following day they made the discovery that she waa staying with the Crown Prince at Meyerling. Count Taafie con veyed tide Information to the mother, who, on Wednesday morning, tiie day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning home the mother found another letter from her daughter dated Meyerling, In which the youthful baroness announced that she and the Crown Princehadresolved to commit suicide together. Hie Prince bad promised ber marriage as aoon as ha obtained his divorce from the Crown Prlrcess, and when he Informed her that this was now impossible, owing to tiie Emperor's refusal to consent to the divorce, they resolved to commit sulcida. This they did on the Wednesday morning in the bedroom of the Crown Prince. When Loechek, the valet of the Crown Prince, entered the bedroom tn the mornipg, after having vainly knocked for admittance, he found the bodies of both lovers lying on the bed. Before calling anyone, he carried that of the baroness Into an adjoining room, so that when Prince Philippe of Coburg and Count Hoyos. on being summoned by Loschek, entered the bedroom they only saw the body of tbe Crown Prince, and naturally concluded that it was a aimpie case of suicide, as was reported to the Emperor. On being Informed of his son's death the Emperor at once suspected the troth, and exclaimed, " 1 would rather have lost a province than this disgrace ehonld have befallen me." 