Wk §m^^^. AUSTRALIAN Tpi^B AND FICTION.— ISO. II. Wbitten roBMTHB Adveehsee' : DAVID 0HBI5XIB WUaSlY, Criticism In Australia would seem to be a thing of rapid growth and to have in It some element of spontaneity. Before I had actually seen my first article on 'Australian Verse and Eicblon' in the colnmns of The Advertiser, an enthusiastic gentleman writes to offer to me the amazing statement that I have ?' got hold of the old Idea that all Australian writers support the principles of the Imperial Federation League.' I have certainly never thought so or said so, but have, as a matter of fact, said something very dis. tinctly to the contrary. Another critic, a valued personal friend this time, assures me that my allusion to the whisky and water element which I thought I had dis covered will give offence to many. I hope not. Ib was not offensively In tended, and it has been true of many great poets who unhappily have been too often- less morally stroDg than Intellectually splendid. The artistic tem perament undoubtedly predisposes Its owner to certain forma of self-indulgence, and It would be a little mournful to my mind if a man could not ba gently honest on that theme without being thought in vidious and offensive. Mais qui tfeoccuse s' accuse, and it may be wise to say no more upon this head. Yet a third critic writes to tell me that I have forgotten the name of J. Brunbon-Stephens, which ib hi itself a somewhat improbable assumption and is here and now to be dissipated. For mere quality of technique, for facility, finish, and indeed nearly all th« qualities of workmanship, Brunton stands almost, if sot actaally, the highest amoEgtt Australian writers. In 'Con- vict Once' he has created a story e«Ben tially dramatic hi conception, though he has chosen to cast it into the form of a lyric series and to crowd his work with distinctly morbid Introspection. How fine his technique sometimes Is, how nearly faultless, the two following verses show very fairly : — Down in the vines be is Bitting, the fruitage leaf shadows above him Lending concomitant charm to the ripeness that flashes his cheek. There is the glory of summer about him ; I see him and love him Aeking not why. I but know that the strong one is come to the weak, Down in the vines he is Bitting, and radiance leaf- softened and golden On the broad calm o! his brow through the veil of the vintage is Bhed. Elcet be each bough that enshrines him Henceforth I am ever beholden Unto the slenderest, tendereet leaflet that shelters bis head. The old Greek measure Is not one which willingly renders itself to music In the English tongue, and it certainly is not Mr. Brnnton Stephen's fault if these verses seem to carry with them something of an echo of Longfellow's 'Evangeline.' This Is altogether a question of metre, and Long fellow happened to be the first among writers hi English who made this metre popular. The workmanship here, as I have already said, is almost fanldess, bet I think that I shall never again hear the word ' concomitant' after familiarising myself' with this verse without a sense of strange ness and discomfort. I will not go so far as to say that no finished artist In words could by any chance have got it where It stands, but I must declare that It comes with something of a shock and a surprise. It Is even curiously cacophonous, and In a passBge otherwise so graceful Is all the more remarkable. A habit the same writer has of using the word ' quiet' as if it were a monosyllable ia again a shock to the sensitive ear. The poet may justify himself by an appeal to Tennyson, who In his ' In Memoriam' u|eB over and over again the yet more marked dissyllable ' spirit,' hi the same way, but Tennyson la a very complete wotdBuatoftattiia oae line in that immortal poem — Spirit to epint, ghost to ghost: he shows that he recognises the full metrical and musical value of the word, and thereby sets the careful critic think ing that he has a special double service for it. This fineness of criticism may look a little unworthy, bub after all the plea sure Imparted by verse depesds so largely en the mere absence of painful Impres sions, that In reviewing any but the very greatest worksthlstrlvialcrltlclsmisnot out of place. The giants make their own forms, their own rales and laws. They do lees what they will than what they must, and they express themselves under a Bert of regal ccmpcldon, after the manner of their o-wn nature. The excuse does not avail with smaller men, and where we forgive obscurity and harshness of expression to Browning or overlook Wordsworth's remarkable lapses Into chlldialnees we do so by virtue of the counterbalancing value of their work. Ib is undeniable that Mr. Bruaton Stephens is a poet, but he lacks clarity and simpli city. Take, for example, a verse In which he describes the outward slgnB of the first dawn of love hi a virgin heart — Beautiful sequence of vermeil Buff asionB and paleness unbidden: Dream-luBtred eyes that look inward on . something to others unseen. Reveries sudden and maidenly languor and sighs bat half bidden, Pensive reserve over- drooping the virginal grace of her mien. fow, I will not say that this is not well done, but surely it is overweighted with woidB of a trying and unfamiliar aspect. When the same writer chooses he can be simple and direct, as witness his poem, '* The Dominion of Australia — a Forecast.' He has been speaking of the subterranean streams which rnn below the arid wastes of Central Australia, and he closoa with this Btrong and manly verse : — So flows beneath onr good aad ill A viewless stream of common will, A gather jug force, a present might, That from its silent depths of gloom At wisdom's voice Bhall leap to light And hide onr barren feuds ia bloom* Till all onr Hindering HneB with love o'ergrown, Onr bound b shall be the girdling seas alone, Mr. Brnnton Stephens proves here beyond all cavil that he can say what he wants to say hi simple, natural, and unaffected words. Contrast the direct simplicity and force of the lines last quoted with the wilfully obscured and pedantic expression of the others, and observe how much Is gained by the use of simple words and phrases which can be understood at a glance. Mr. Brunton Stephens is a humorist 'as well as a poet, and is at times extremely felicitous, as, for Instance, In the familiar couplet In which he describes the ' Other Chinee Cook' — He was lazy, he was cheeky, be was dirty, be w»b sly j But be had a single virtue, and its name was rabbit pie. Some passages in the. address 'To a Black Gin' are strong In humor, though tha very nature of the theme, as I suppose, makes them queer reading for overfasti dious people. Thy nigged skin is hideous with tatooing And legible with hieroglyphic wooing, Sweet things in art of some fierce lover'* doing, For tbou eome lover hast, I bet a guinea ; Some partner in thy fetidigsominy, The raison d'etre of this pkmninny. And is be amorously eympat^etio And doth he kiss thee? , .Oh, my sool prophetio ! The very notion is a strongjenjeHo ? And doth he smooth thinaiiiours with oily talking, And take thee conjugally ©ota-walking, And crown thy transports -with a toma hawking? -I'.''' I guess his lore and angeriars. combined so % Sis passion on thy shoulders predefined so; Sis passages of loveare ''pfliSerlined' so. This Is excellent in Its inj, and has a certain wilful, humorous Isavagery In ib which reminds one of, Thomas Hood In erxneof his moods. .There is the same characteristic note to **3few Chum and Old Monarch,*' which Is capital; but too long foe quotation here. Mr. Stephens Is very Australian in the selection of his themes ; he finds his Inspiration In the things that lie about him, which b always a sign of native veracity in a man of letters, -nd lie -needs nobbing bat ft resolute effort after the formation of a clear and simple style to enable him to take one of the highest and moat honor able places amongst the pioneers of Aus tralian poetry. . The late Juarcns Uiarke had a pratty turn for satire and for literary mlmlery. He has left behind him two samples of this gift In his imitations of Kendall and Lindsay Gordon, and In each he has caught the essential tone of the person imitated, though the exaggeration of peculiarity strikes one as being a little merciless. The jolly, swaggering, sun browned stockrider to whom Gordon pro senta us Ib a cavalier-trooper in disguise. The gentleman of the time of the Stuarts meets the desert-daring adventurer of Victorian ages in hfa verse. The two fraternise and become Incorporate, and In 'Matk Clancy's Leap' Clarke has very wittily seized on this distinguishing cha racteristic of his. contemporary. On* thinks of Gordon as being born out of his time. He should have fought at Naseby or at Worcester's crowning fight, but being pitchforked by fate and his own adventurous spirit into the wild life ofycurg Australia he took kindly to it, aa might have been expected of him. Through all his pages there breathes that spirit of reckless daring, that glow of romance, whfchdistlngulshed the SoyaV^ta of Ktog Charles's day. In my oTn mind I figure him, booted and sphered, scarlet coated, with long lovelocks floating in the breeze. That teage of the man may be ab^urdJy in%£equate or unlike, bub all the same It will stand, If nob for the actual fleshly Lindsay Gordon, for the ideal and yet real man depicted in his own pages. Poor Gordon — it comes natural to say poor Gordon when speaking of him — was an aaventurous ana roDust bodied pessi mist1, full of the romance of another age than ours. He ia I think the one figure La the history of Australian letters, so far that one looks at with the most complex and contradictory and yet the moat in terested sympathy. More than anybody else he represents In conjunction the op posing elements of his time. The romantic, chivalrous old- world man comes out to do battle, not with an opposing idea, which he can hate passionately and intensely (and bo gain strength from it as men do from all sovereign passions), bub with the dull, slow yielding forces of eld nature. These, to a man of his romantic mould, offered no lasting incentive to effort. He wonld have fought the active enemy until he dropped, but the inertia of the forces he was doomed to oppose oppressed him and overwhelmed him early. The world will nob forget him for a while. Zola's theory about the neces sity of temperamental work was never better illustrated than by his literary career. Gordon, though he was full of echoes so far as mere style Is concerned, was yeb himself acd no other. He ex pressed c1b own moods, spoke his own thoughts, fed on his own experiences. He could feel acutely the rush and swirl of life expressed inthelay of the Loamshire Handi cap, ' How we Beat the Favorite.' Fresh from the Sydney racing week, the verses that follow seem to have a clearer and more exciting ring fur me than ever — She came to his quarter, and on still I brought her, And np to his girth, to his breastplate she drew; A short prayer from Neville iatt reached me. 'TlieDevrtl' He mattered— locked level the hurdles we flew. A hm of hoarse cheering, a dense crowd careering, All eights seen obscurely, all shouts vaguely beard ' Thp preen wins/' 'The crimson.' The ami titade ewtme op, Ai-d figures are blended and features are blurted. Tre hciee iB her master ! ' The green forges pwt he* !' ' The Clown will outlast her !' 'f The Clown _ wiml' 'Tne Clown J' Tne'-w-bire reiliBg races with all the white face*, Tfce chescttt outpaces, outstretches the browo. On etill pa&t; the gateway, she strains in the straightway, She Bhrogplee ! ' The Clown by a short neck at most.' He Bvervep ; the green scourge* ; the stand ' rocks and surges, And flashes and verges and nits the white pott. Are, so ends the luBsle— I knew the tan mu7zle Wan £ret, though the ring men were yelling 'dead heat;' A nose I could swear by, but Clarke said ' the mar© by A Fbort bead.' And that's how the favorite was beat. Thie, I 'say, this rush and swirl of excite ment Gordon could feel Intensely, bub he could yet write— le there ought worth losing or keeping ? The bitters or sweets men qnafi ? The cowing or doubtful reaping 1 The harvest of grain or chaff 2 Or f qnsoderiDg days or reaping, Or waking seasons or sleeping, The laughter that dries the weeping, Or the weeping that drownB the Zangh ? For jovB wax dim and woes deaden, We forget the sorrowful biere And the garlands glad that have flad in The me roiful march of years ; And the Bunny skies and the leaden, And the faces that pale or redden, Atd the Bociles that lovers are wed ia, Who are born and buried in tears. There Is no doubt that he felt and meant themljoth, and between them they carry with them something of that fatal air which distinguishes the works of Lord Byrcn, a far greater poet obviously, but a man very much of the same mood with Gordon. They both quaffed the cap of pleasures somewhat too eagerly, and each finds a luxury in the contemplation of his own troubles and perplexities. Valiant, dashing, splendid at moments, and then despondent, bitter, cynical, and hopeless, sympathetic to sympathetic people in almost any mood, bub after all not of tha ttuff which makes strong men. Gf course we are not talking of ideally perfect poets here. The great poet ia a man who lookB on all things calmly and justly, who Is as self balanced as any cold philosopher or statesman, and whose heart can yet glow over all the splendors of nature and of human nature — a man of dynamic emotional power held under strict control. The poet musb be white-hob In emotion and icy cold In self judgment In the eame second of time, or he will 8chieve no perfect presentation of his own thought. No man of this calibre has as yet arisen hi the new land. The main characteristic aa yet Is that which distinguishes the race of Bmaller poets everywhere, an emotional dash, an emotional acd sensuous rush of feeling uncontrolled for the moat parb by that Btiictly contemporary faculty of self criticism, which Is one of the most neces sary weapons in the artisi's armament. The root of the matter ia undoubtedly in the poets of Australia, but they grow the flower from ib too hurriedly. There are nob many writers more essentially poetical hi temperament, for example, than Henry Kendall, bat he wastes his strength on epithet, and some times exhibits a singular disre gard for the dignity of his own verse. I am quite aware that If I send the reader to that poem of Kendall's entitled ' On a Cattle Track' I am nob sending him by any means to the best work of the poet, but the lines contained there serve as an apt Illustration of my meaning. The writer here knows perfectly well what he wants to say, bub misses it by pure hurry. Yon may Bpott the moat generous wine in the world if you decant it in that way. Your priceless port or aged Burgundy is rubied if the dregs of the bobtle are allowed to find their way into the glass. Where Kendall does control himself and takes care that the stream of iasplra t'on runs clear he can be very fine indeed. Take aB an example an excerpt from his lines on the death of Marcus Clarke, who In the memorial volume of the latter Ib upjken of as his friend la hearb and hia brother In genius. I omit the third verse from my quotation, and the judicious friends of Kendall will thank me for it. It la only In that one verse that the stream of thcughb runs turbid. The night wind sobs on cliffa austere Where gleams by fits the wintry star : And in the wild dumb woods I bear A moaning harbor-bar* The branch and leaf are very still But now the great grave dark has grown1 The torrent in the harsh eeatull Sends forth a deeper tone. Here, Bitting by a dying flame, I cannot choose bat think ia grief Of H&rpur;, whose unhappy name Ia.aB an autumn leaf. And domed by purer breadths of blue* Afar from folds of forest dark, Ieee the eyes that once I knew, The eyes of Marcus Clarke. Tbeir dear bright beauty shines ap*ce, Bat sunny dreams in shadows end. The eodB have bid the faded face, Of my herob friend. He Bleeps where winds of evening p&a;?, Where water songs are soft and low; Upm his grave the tender grass Hsb not bad time to grow. Except for the unfortunate word 'apace' in the lasb verse but one cited, which means absolutely nothing, and is an Insult to the resb of the poem, it would not b% easy to beat this little passage for. tender ness aad delicacy of expre^'on, except by a reference to the wciks of the actual Immortals. In it» class it Is more than good— It Is excellent. Bub the discerning reader c^nct fail to see In that unhappy UVjld word the crux of the whole question of poetical expression. The same man who in prose will express himself with a guarded caution and exactitude, when allowed to ' assail the blue empyrean of poetry with a loaded pen' — as an old fiiend of mine once put It — will be guilty of a hundred extravagances of diction, and as long as he finds his rhyme and metre accurate will be content with almost any thing. And this, though It seems an all bub universal rule, Is rather a pity, for in poetry more than in proBe— vastly more than in prose — a perfect accuracy of ex pression, a complete fitness of sense to Bound and of word to meaning Is required. The best of verse la no more than noble prose clarified acd set to music. I should be loth to leave this Btudy of Australian verse, necessarily Incomplete as its limits make it, without citing in full what strikes me as the moat essentially poetic verseB I have found hi the Aus tralian anthology. There are bat tiventy lineB, and though there are few of my readers here who are likely to be unac quainted with them, nobody, 1 fancy, will blame me for reprinting them. They express no great thought, impulse, or emotion, but they exhale an odor of their own. The writer has felt a vague uncer tain chaim — one of those fugitive and pas sing sentiments of the s %nl with which every sensitive man and woman Is familiar and has for once succeeded hi catching the tricksy sprite of fancy, or rather of sensa tion. The verses are Mr. Holdsworth'e, and their title la ' My Qaeen of Dreams.' They do not mean mucb, but then they were not intended to mean much. Tne sun ray which falls across your path in scented pine woods Ib charged with no special message to your mind, though It may carry one to something which lies behind the mind. The scent of a rose or the song of a bird, or the breath of an evening breeze, or the last lines of fading color in a sunset cloud, mean nothing In the logical and instructive way, but have their finer meanings all the same. In the warm flashed heart of the rose-red went When the great eun quivered and died to-day Yen pulsed, O star, by yon pine clad crest — And throbbed till the bright eve ashened gray— When I eaw yon swim By the shadowy rim Where the grey gam dips to the western plain, And you rayed delight Ae yon winged your flight To the myfctic spheres where your kinsmen reifen ! Ob star, did you see her ? My queen of dreams *Vas it you that glimmered the night we strayed A month »go by these scented streams ? Balf-cbejked by the litter the musk-bade made? Dw you sleep or wake? Ah, for love's sweet sake (Though the world should f ail and the soft stars vane !) I shall dream delight Till our bouIs take night To the mystic spheres where your kinsmen reign. I have already said my say aboub Aus tralian fiction. And although day by day acd hour by hour volceB reach me which are tot audible to English eaj s across the eea, I have to confess that I do not hear any distinctive note beyond those I have already signalled. The conditions of literature on this side of the world are, and for many a year must be, unfavorable. The laws of supply and demand rule Inex orably, even those children of fancy who write novels and poems in the way of busi n6fB. The great newspapers out here can offer to the wide circle of their readers the beet woraB of living English writers, and at present the only publishing centre is to be found hi London. The Australian man or woman of genius who would find a market must find it there. In long years to come it may be and mosb be otherwise. I should never have touched this theme at all if I had not seen one patent fact star* Ing me in the face from the beginning. The future of Australian letters to my mind is clear. I pointed out a week ago that American writers of fiction seek an old-world background for their stories. Their propinquity to Europe encourages them to work In that direction, bub here we are half the diameter of the world away, and In spite of the Increasing facilities of communication the Australian writer will recognise a wholesome com pnl&lon; to live amongst his own people. His very distance from the rest of the world will help to keep him in touch with the affairs that lie at hiB own doorstep. c 'That is best which liefch nearest.' There are social problems to be solved here, there are political problems, as exigent aa any the old world has known. There are con siderations which have long pressed upon us at home, which, though aa yeb they only dimly menace the Australian future, will have to be faced in time. It ia ba yond dispute that some change, whatever it mey prove to be, will take place in the national character. Your novelists and poets will analyse the changes as they ?come. Your literature by the very force of your distance from the old world eonrces of inspiration will become more and more characteristic of your ova con ditions, and In the realms of fiction and of art at least the cry of Australia for the Australians must be satisfied. I do not scruple to say that nowhere else In the English qpeaklng world are local Influences working so rapidly upon the English character as they are here. It will be long before the in fluence of the European mcdel ceases to make its Impress felt And, since I for one believe that there Ib no model purer ai d mere majeBtlc in the world, I pray that It may be long Indeed. Bat nobody who looks thoughtfully at the literature of Australia can fail to notice that its authors choose to treat of the themeB they know ; that they handle, whether en forcedly or by preference, the characters and the scenes that lie actually about them. That fact alone Is prophetic of a literature distinctly local. We speak for the moment of a 'local' charac teristic as applied to a continent as big aa Europe or thereabouts, and the most daring man cannot venture to prophesy for more than the Immediate future. 1 re remember that I once asked my dear and now departed friend, Richard Pf octor, for what period of years astronomers supposed the world would be habitable for the races of men who now exist upon It. By way of an approximate estimate he answered that we had Bome fifty or sixty million years In all probability before ub. That will last more than onr time, and there are changes beyond, of which the moat Inspired Intelligence dare not even dream. In the meantime, It. Is comforting -o a man who loves his country and bellevs* It to .think, that the latest ;of jbee off. shoots, oneway perhaps to be the greatest JsfoUowing&e-nottest;^ihearts In tha spirit of the motherland, keeping it clean and wholesome, and honest, and English, even while is diverges-into new and local forms. - - '? 