I'TEE " TAL". OFT-LO7ET,, -fYSTERY', AND cMAIAE. By the author of " The Lcavenworth Caee." BOOK IV.---XROM 4. TO Z. A CHAPTER XXXIX., * .-. TROit A. TO Z. " A ,aked humau huart," --Youao. houo mof. y Lall you in thiithe fin?ll hour of our separation, but- never again, dear one, never 'again.., Whezi I said.to you, just twenty foiur hours ago, that my sin was .buried and my future wai clear, I spake as men speak who forgot the justice of God and 'dream only of His mercy. Aut hour's time convinced me that an evil deed once perpretrated by a main is never buried so that its ghost will not rise. Do as we will, repent as we may, the shadowy phantom of a stained and unrighteous youth is never laid; nor is a man justified in. believing iti so "till death has closed his eyes, and fame written its epitaph upon. his tomb. " Paula, I am at this hour wandering in search of the being' who holds the secret of my life," and who will to morrow blazon it before all the world. lI is with no hope I, seek him. God has not brought me to this pass, to reldase me at last from shame and .disgrace.' Suffeoing, and the loss of anlmy sad heart cherished, wait at my; gates. Only one boon remains, and that is your sympathy, and the conso-. lation of your regard. These though bi'towed as friends bestow them, are very precious to mio;,I. cannoti seec then go, and that they may not, I tell you.the full story of my life. My youth was happy, --m3, eaiy youth, I, mean. Bertram's father was dear brother to me, and sy: mothore..a watchful guardian and~atender friesd. At fifteen I ontered a bank, the "small bank'in"Grotewell, whih ydou oulht to remember. From the lowest posi tion in it, I graduallj,'worked'my way up till I occupied the cashier's place; and was just congratulating: myself uon my prospe.ts .whed One Dela - field returned ronm boardin-.shool, a young.lady. " Paula, there is a fascination, which some men who have known (nothing deeper and higher 'oall'love. I, who in those days ahad cherished..butofew thoughts beyond the ordinary reach of a narrow and ':somewhat seafish busines~s mind, imafgied that the well-spring of'all'romancehad bubbled .up within me, when my.eyes first. fell upon this' ,regal. blonde :with her sleepy, inscrutable eyes and b'ewildei ing smile. Ulysses, within sound oi the siren's voco, was niothing to it. H7e had been warned of his danger, and had only his own curiosity to com bat, while I was not' even laware of my peril, and floated' within reach" of this woman's power, without,. making an efort to escape. .shewasso subtle 'in herz influence, Paula'; so careless' in 'the very exercise of her 'sovereignty. She never seemed to command; yet men and women'obeyed her. Pecuo liarities which mar 'the' 'iitrori are oftdn i giaces in a youig, .uin arried girl, whosoe thoughts dare at mystery, ant whose emotions.an auntried field. I bzelieved I had found the queen' of all beauty, and when in an unguairded hour she betrajad heor first aipprecia. tion'of'my devotion; I soeed to burst into a. pal dise .of delights, where every step I took only the more intoxi cated and bewildered . Me I first realisation of ~he sensuous and earthly character of my happiness came with the glimnise ofryour childface on that oever-to-be- forgotten ~la, wihen aie met beside. the liver.." Like a star seen above the glare of anonfiagra'rin, the pure sipirit thatiniformted your glanc flashed on "my biuring soul, and for a moment I kuow-tlhrt in you budded the kind of woman-nature which it befitted a man to seek ; that in the hands of such an one as youn would nmake, shoiuld he . triust his honour and bequealth ihis.happiness. Bnt whe1in did a lover ever break the bonds thet imprisoned his 'fanny at the inspiration of a passing voice-? I wrent back to Ona, and forgot the .child by tha"'iver'"" ' Paula, "I haae< no timeo toutter regrets. This is a hard, plaintale w hich' I hav'im to' r~te butd if yon love me still- if, a I'hiee sometimes iui'agined ,'.'oi har? .wealys.loved me -think.whal iy'l'Tif.e'fh been if I had-.biee if Inhd headed the warnihng which God vouchsafed me on that day, and contrast it with what rit is and what it nmust be. . l.I'went" back to Ona, then, and the hold. which she'had uponl ilme froamthe first took foimn and shape- As well' as she coiild, 1o" anly one?h' 'lo 6oed sub, and though she had offers fi'o one'ar two mori advantageous souri?e, she finally decided that she would risk the future and accept me, if her father consented to thd alliance. You, whoi are the niece of the man of whomi I must now spemak, may or may not know what. that meant. I doubt if you do; he left Grotowell while you woro a child,' and any.gossip'concrn ing him must ever fall short o. the. roal truth. Enough, then,' that .i' meant, if Jacob Delafield could see, in. my 'future any promises of saxecess sufficient to warrant him in accepting me as his son, in-law, no woman linipg' ought to hesitate to trust me with hier hand. He was the squire of tlie'towr, and as such entitled to respect, but he was.also something more, as' you will presently discover. His answer to my plea was: ' '"Well, how much money. have'you to show ?' ' '1Now I had none. My salary as eashior of a small country bank was not large, and my brother's prolonged. sickness and subsequent death, to gether with my own somewhat luxurious habits, had utterly exhausted, it. I told him so, but added that I had,'somewhere up among the hills, an old.maiden aunt who had promised me mive thousand dollars at her death; and that as she was very ill at that time;-hopelessly so, her neighbours thought,-in a few weeks I should doubtless be able to satisfy him with the sight of d sum sufficient to start us sn housekeeping, if no more. ' He nodded at this, but gave me no distinct reply. ' Let us wait,' .said he; ": . But youth'is not inclined to wait. I considered my cause as good as won, ,a'd$began to make all my prepara tions accordingly. With a feverish impatience, which is .no sign of true love, I watchod the days go by, and waited, for, if I,.did not anticipate, 'the death which I fondly imagined would make all clear. At last it came,, and I went again into Mr. Delafield's presence. ''.'My aunt has just died," I hn nouiinced, arid stood waiting for the short, concise, .-'"Go ahead, then, my boy.!" which I certainly expected. I .-Instead of :that he gave me a queerm, inexplicable smile, and merelyl :said, .I T wanut to see the greenback's, *my lad; 'No colour so good' as green, 'no?evedn the black, upon white .of . I' promise to pay ....,.,: . : . . ,.. I .went .backi to .my,, desk in athe bank, chagrined '...Ona had told me i few days before'that 'shei was' tired''of waitin g;' that the y'6oung doctor fror' the neixttown was very assidnousinhis attentions, and as there was no ques tion as to.his abilit(yto,support a wife, why-shed id not finish; her sentence, but thet'oss of her head and her care less tone at parting were enough to. inflahe, the, jealousy, of ,a less .easily aroused nature than mine.. I felt ;ati I .was'in:hourly danger of losing- her, aid all 'because I" could"'not satisfy, 'lier father 'with *a sight. of a)ew 'thousands which were so soonI:to:beo Sminn ..,., .I ·. -: ' The .reading, of my aunt' will, which' confirtmed my hopes, did not greatly iinprove matters I want to see the. mone?, the old gentleman repeated; and I was forced to wait the action of the law and the Tsettld ment of the estate, It took lonper than even "he foresaw.. Weeks wint by, and umy poni. iittle five.tlhousand seemed as far from my control as on the day the will was read. :There was some trouble, I was not :told what, that made it seem improbable that I should reap the benefit of my legacy./for some time . Meanwhile Qua 'achepted the attentlions Af. the younng doctor, :and, my chances of winning her dwindled rapidly day by day. 1 became morbidly eager aend insanely jealous. Instead of -ursu. i'ng myadvwntage-for I undoubtedly possessed one in her. own secret in clination towards me Istoodofl,-and let my rival, work his wav into her affections unhifldei-ed. I was too sore to interrupt his play, ias I called it, and too afraid of myself to actually confront him :in .her; presence. But the si ht of themn riding together one a.y was more than I could endure, oveil in my hpirit, of unresistance. ' Hslihill nothave her,' I cried,. and cast abouit ',in my mind, how to bring my own matters into such shape as to satisfy her; father and so win her own consent to my suit. My first thought was, to .boiro~. the money,. but that was imracticable'in a town whiero each man's affairs are known to his noighbour. My nekt was to hurry up the sottlemoeit of the estate 'by appeal to my lawy~er. The result of the lattot course was a letter of many. promises, in the ,midst of which a great temptation assailed me. 