THE STORY TELLER [FOUNDED ON FACT.] Written for this Journal by " E.A.C." 'Never heard of an Australian ghost story, Stranbenzie? Wait till after dinner, and I will make you alter your opinion that such tales are unknown in Victoria." The speaker laughed as he spoke, but before his companion could reply, the deep tones of gong rang out on the perfumed evening air, announcing the advent of din- ner-welcome tidings to the somewhat weary travellers who had only that after- noon arrived from town at Mount View station, the properlt of the young squatter with whose remarks our tale opens. It was the eve of the New Year, and seemed very sweet to Harry Meredlith, for business had compelled him, for the first time since his marriage, to spend the Master's birthday in the crowded metr- opolis instead of in the pure air of Mount View, and it was with evident pIeasure that he ushered Lionel Straubenzie (an Eglish school-mate recently arrived in Melbourne) into, the pretty dining-room where Mrs Merelith and her two golden-haired darlings awaited them. The conversation during dinner turned mostly upon English topics - both Harry and his plceasant frank-mannrered wife claiming the old countru as their own - and it was not till the latter had gone away with the chillren, that Lionel remembered his host's promise of a story. "Now for your ghost, Harry" he said, somewhat incredulously, "though I must confess I do not expect one of the correct type; your 'marvellous Melbourne' is al- together too new for that style of thing." A gleam amusement shot from Mr. Meredlith's blue eyes; "Come out on the verandah," he said, "and I will show you the very hill (at least, in the dlistance) where, on moonllight nights, the ghost of Wanganilla used to appear to those passing below." It is about ten years ago that the incident, to which I refer, haplpenned and there are many in this distrist who still re- member the facts. At tlhat. time, tlhe stations were far more scattered tlhan they now are and social meetisngs were consequently ap- preciated in a high degree. The principal one was a sort of monthly assembly at the nearest township, and I soon became one of its contant attendants. The dance was always held on moonlight nights, as the roads were not then in very first-rate order and in fact had some dangerous bits here and there. Those from our neighbourhood generally rode over in a party, but, as it happened, I never made one of it, as from one cause or another, I had been away from Mount View most of the timle. " I had not however failed to hear os he 'Ghowtof Wlsgauilla,'thsogh like yousr. self, StmulsBseic, I lasushuhl at th ilde o'f anytlhing oftho't ihtstro tnjcpiplstical Asstest lin. Still monotth after mdoth, the sanie.tale w? rleotedl, e and witlhout variantiols. Hisl it been only timid girls tho i?estioesl it, tile matter wohlsl si?,c' dssdsl from myu -memory;sbut Iuwas.told it by ineli "wlose bravery was tunqtestionablle,and their story s.?'oas- er the ame.. "FLrom what I coul tether, it seemed. that at the turn f thead wt hich:yoa cin jfist make oat winding rolnd. thfifoot of that hill crowned with darkfoliage, the fig ltre, apparently of, a 'womannt,. with oat stretched armsna al defiant attitudte ato. gether, was to be hse:almost at the tolp of the ascent,.motionless as a statue. Itijwas plainly visible to every one coming that iwnay but as yet unie hadn attempted or perhaps arned to tove tie tmystery of whll or What it mgitt he. "-The monthly dance came rounr nat last. when I was at honie, and I determihed to see for myself thit mtuch-talkedr-f ghont. 3Iy resolution alarmed some of the girls ath' were to b?of the party, and they tried vainly to induce nle to alter it. There:was one amongst them who wad r tphlly becom. aig,' my bright, particular. itar,' and pier haps lt wa on that lcounn t, ?nn becauie I tought to statl high in hier estimantion, tnit I announced ma intention of goiung up the hill thhgnight of'ttle a a? h.?.m " Tile evening of the 18th of October proved a beautiful onle, anl about tveanty f us startedl on hoisebacek. I fotrgot to mentioni that as 'imt. of the ladies preferred riding (indeed driving would, in rome partr, have been impossible) thiey et all hall-roorma ritrenlmnts.nq ,teforehanid to tie one hot-l-boasted of bIy tile little townblip. , "I hnd almost forgotten my proposed adventure in the plie-ant n' tmttiotlthipo nf theyoungtladylre ttlti m iutiontnl whIni it was rtcalleCd to me by Mrs Oaslowt ilht resided then a few miles from f?her. We met her, you may remember, in Melbourne, rast week. They have been lately hone for. the benefit of Mr Onslo's'helthl,. " Wearo comtig to thb turnal the moud," she said, half jcstiligly, ",ot prepare ftr, tile ghost, Mr: Meredithl. It is sure to be seen. on esuch a'loielty moonlight evening." ' t"Wellt, we hallisoonbied nnut. whq or. what it.is,.'.l returned, "for I meanto (,g up the hill before I attend the dance." "'Are you i ertinest ? -tile sweet voice of my companiona whispered, as ourhlldr?a increased their pace andl we nared'tlh?espt that had gained so evil a reputation. 'Of course 1 do not believe in ghosts, butit may liersomeone playing an ill-timed practical je.t. I wish you woald ~ l tintiftenipt it !,'Mr Mernlith.' "Something in the tone made my heart lede with sudden joy, and-I turned towards the sLpeaker. The clear brown eyes fell he . fore::my, glance, but, not. cr: I id learnt the joyful truth that my love was knivwn anl I even dared to oelieve, returled. , "'ere was no timn to answer, for ee hlad jlut turned the corner, and lollo (the old Shote you noticed in the paddock' before dilnCr --a s.plendid,niimal he was in thos.e dly,. lear old fellow) suddenly shied with noel, impeltuosity tlhot I knew something lIiIad tartled him, even without tile excited ilmurmur that at once broke from those around us-' The ghost ! the ghost! areyou convinced noto, Meirlithih SI looked in the diroetion of, the ott ivretched hlads, and for a moment, I con fe--. Stranlemnzie, my heart teat quicker tlet v its tof. Might tit the,steepest por. tiitn of the auneet, thie ldark backgronl of tils thronwing it out with strange effect, hsthl lthe tiguce y ofteln described t me. it wtL-, a? I luve said, apparently that6 4f a woInmti if more than ordinlay ltheigt, the aloi? ere held tuoft inuatgeer, or,.it, might Im, dict- ,:ir, ned it seemedo , dres.?ol itno long, whiite roube There was neither sound lor movement belonging to it, and a feeling of nawe crept over our prty, includilg myself. ''lmt the hIorses felt the itfluence 'of illte stmuge scene was evldenlt froin their rdst les movements, and Iollo treniblAi :at titmes beneath me. • Mr. Onsotw oct the firt to spoele. .\rc you octitled Mr. Meroelith I' he eqoiredl, or do yoo tilt believe the ghiost of allgaoillt a toytli /' " ' So lttlc ..satioied,. I aoooracAl geovtly. 'ohoit lottn oo'orhte upood ,eeowhtt titic?. My own opinion is tmt that figture iseither 'tit lto e womtat l :or some lttOyittg Ott ill.tiooed jc.t.; If. the latter,'. I" mledI ttol'y, too Ik cofityht tt gtimotp. of oiot ' ta'swistful eyes ;'-t i tooll tbe thttoorse fo r him, and if it le thle foorer, elte ohoeidl 'be cared-for,' bothl for her ow, i nnd other oople's safely. A haot accident, to toy the Iast of it, might result from comitng iin expectedly on such a sight. ?'otu toot go on,'l continued whhott is te gtoup geter otly, and 1 will overtake you. Biut my rtoposition met with o decidod negative, ond .it a.,o delociel tIlot they outld aol remain and wttot tloe eo'tlutore;. "'Woish moeueemso,' I .oid gaily turon log to my cottantot , ohtooe hite oactold tlint the, at ony rote, dloi noot hke my pro. pomed exouiooo,. o amd.egioooo o jooioal welcooi back,' 1 whisproed,' af I laid my hlaotd ont her restlemo chotnut t matte and .trove to boothe the friglhtened brute into sometlhing lilke.quietude. . "Once again our eyes met, telling 'the old sweet stt?r that yet is alwRay new,' and then, with a partilg jist to' the others, began the ascent. It proved more troublesome than I had anticipatedl, foF there uwa no path, o to peahk, an R Hollo had to ptck his way a beat ie could ; hut 1 soon found that was the- least iof the difficulty. So long as bushc andh branches of treea ntervened, the hoIle dtid wel' eoaugh,.bhut the least glimpse of that white motionless fguren woudt cause him either to alty violently-no pleasant thing twhen It brought one's hetl into elose contact with some gnarled branch or stem, as you nuty imagine-or inme to all ahrut pause, shivering:tlll I coult fel tim suhalc beneathL SIt was strange eerieC fecling, an!d jts I glaneed hack -at tte quiet.gautp at the footof the hillt, I .tlioaghlt whati a teweird 'eutie we must .iperiit-the dark wooded acent with its ghastly. moonlight effects, the reotleco horsesuud.the white ligure apparently ttitelliig and. waiting for our collfgl * t ? hdo.lly I Wanngedl to get thb' byti nearer an tearcr, and my euriosity opeond no l.did so. What eZuld. it lot A glhoat HqgitISly, Strbenbnzie, for ii fw miltutne tno idian an to the supornntun al re?eivi d ncithoi ynf a shock, and I cin fessed to- myseolf that there might pot. slblh -?el?ollre iCit t'?et'1 huit, ao yet, beeit willing to, h4lirit.. i But. almnort, with the acki\owle?tlfgnlti, miy common.?o?ep , etrnntal.,d. httsiw thre, nmust be some otthe'r ennlanuEIot StHut I wat inot to te te oneti to tilve the itoo u e wrcitfhtn bttt? o 'ottot tisttance of the ouTthiitt,the hlfitOR'b ae not1CToe "anto' a wildetr olftettofl witl tilo t4 i,, ,lHiloiilil"' :rtllit, truck myv het d (rtu I w' litt ' it n e of. tltf litrge "'hitauet "~ f m yii th rt" l' fo tt thl nl oipening l!im vffi?.l- foundl myself ,in a comfortable T!' uul' prfectly ,s~trangeP room. ,eitlf thootlirin i. ftteo.e I myee fintt tovy otaro .fatherowtttth , wjoy;t,'ttoe ithea. eat to-tfito ebbltc~-Ttydoeipfee ':" "" Tlonk (loll ' were his f* rot., arnnls as he earns to the hedlside, and took ny hail in htis, we shall have3ouateontsto-galn, I tennsi'Jlwdiith. f S4yw:memor wa3to I mingeoergeer,nnd no ho ended, anloed:,'!id. they brieg. me lhere:afhierzy fallI., What, his. town the mnttgr l l "' A broken arnn, and a threatened brain. 'fever,' wan the reply, this is the only time yon have e??lken, cohrently: drling tile list fortniglltt'and.lyou must not excite yourself. We.-ill. tell you all after the ,loctor's..visit,. He.is due in a few min tite..l'' ill:el, t ihe t urs you ard aw ake: rhe has only gnoe fr her breaikfint ald I "wnsnnathlch n ym?ltvtlst s'lecvnaciissy.' 'i nYu have j :crin goeryvgodali. retunrned In a wlhisper, fer may strength eemned etrangely gmne, 'ut,' I contiuedl, ahnking an effort to retrain him' as he. tornlml to rleae the' rinoi, 'tell. mien ne thing nmore, younr' angiter, t'la slie biidl I . remnember h mer thoar ls ' Hletty aldu intinel to bolt.) ' " .. o l, "" Ellie is veroy ell,? her fnther nllowered witlu'on aldeil,' but thcme'gis .tlh l doctor houhun Uoi thle road. I aill go anod tell hnim'o 'the tmjravedte e f:,lpfla ?, \- "m'oilcli 'nnll ait l cmelnllstotietl wqith tints blecteing,' ionn bonght tme far oe the road torovercry.v n - t.thon ile irnt the re sultof onur eveduings adhctnture. As 'you coe ilnagiell, th. nsanmubly anew llneof our paity, tint, nighlt, o tid,e tny 'ere the'nnrises Ias.to our al?slen,: As sowon as me1 fall:coa.n onerrcul, ll the men dise lounted ats ?mtha rlnmadeni?c thnemto the: hamuntol hill.' Half rsay nup, they came tupon' taln,' nppareintly in: a prOxyosmof fou:r mod.trermblingn o though tie hnt tho gnte.. A few steps noire 'iroglit them te where I. wostlyg, utterly uneonscious and with my left aria donbled under me in such ae'slOliA tlit~erhey c, clul.it'at..oeo, ce that it .na herokeni bymy fall. .I was lifted up by kindly. willing arms, antl arried down to, where the reminilder of the gLe?tp were. still stnnding, nd then Cdcil 'lJomglte; lic" great friend, (he is' overtin. Quecnland .ino,) declanred ?Is intention of looking after the ghost.' ' "' I beleve MIeredith is rlght, porftelow, the rccelurclt, it i. ?nmc pcnmtical joke played o nmoonlight scglhts, actdI iattnd to pnt ani 'eid to, it. I cmll walko tip, though, after lollo's erlapcde. Who will come withl mel We.lnall laveaa ple n ime hnforetthdih6id;edngcti rotnl ?-hWith a con rcyanoe, atucth Hanrry-ic: hest-'heptcqet in irn. Oimlow'o. eluge.', \--Two or thre octher men volunteercl, anIdt the party st'rtirl °n thecir voyagecif dlisovery, their previou, high olpirits how ever, a gorntdral mlooened by my accident. for we cwere all on very friendlyt terms. As I oans tonl during thle Ipleasanl daysln of covlloommece, they soon m.cined the, so called Ialmunted spot, none" of-them as thely opefil'-avowuoi,tpatimdtiiainurl licking the look of affair.' A mnioug. cill ittul anrisen and clmouds oeaiccictily obscuredl the boon, andi thd nweird' iigure seemcl to wave itc long arms n?a tholuglh in defiance of' the rapidly approathing sterm. A distant roil of thuoder.:?ldel to the solemmnity of tIhe scene, andnas the lightning pllayed arcnud them, more thanime one of the gToup spoke of th? footrdmnlinoeos.of.going on. 19 ,we are alnost at the top. snothcr minute or o nilll bring us' near cnough'to. discover who or"\vhat stand, there,' Cecil exclained, 'it. will never, ?o to go back without finding out.' He paused, sd. denl, looked round at his eompanipus, for he wos slightly in advnce, . n o yIou sec, he boge , b1ut a blinding flsh of lihebtning with ia el of thulder that oecmed to o shake the very ground bteneath them. interrupted him ando it was a minute or ne before he could make himself heerd. ' Did yo see ? he .iiain'ald, bIut "his remark was cut short by his brothqrs startled words-'The ghost is gone ! what on earth can it be I' !"Cecil laeghed,. .Vnoeislhal in a right orthodoknl and gltly style, Frank--wtat a laugh we shall have against all the believers . i the ghost of Wangandlla. Cdnu itp and see !' Ihe added to lis .won dcring liotenors,'.:" wher were your eyes not to notice wlat I'did juot now l' " A feiv steps brought thei to the spot and then a general laugh broke from titeir lips, though n feeling of inttenso egrtitude filled their hearts at the escpce they hbad julst had from the lijlhtning.:The, storm had passed over in that vivid flash nnd heavy penl, as could be told bf the, now ditaut"rolls -of thunder. anld glnams of greenish light. The destruction of the ghost ad beenll wrought by. tlt. aksh, lnd the mvstei, icas forever solved: Pobne on the'graunid layts'de.rd gtim-tild, one thnt had been evidently strnck long before, fo there was tint a vestige of life in stem ot banelhes,. wiceh were bleoehed, by the streke:chdhb rmt Tormation of.theptrees rean nn ltusualle setratge one naturally, otr l the cweird, uo'enn effiect wcof lorseo ion creased by the firststrokewheoh l'heai lop ped oil sotne of the upper branches, leaving it, aos has' heen's nid ' with a close reeme hlmtoee to the fiure of a eonmot with oit stretchled arena. .The,enriouu :appe?eatlee of lwhite drolpcry was otwing to ome sttralg' effect of the moonllght, l which also neeonn ted for its being so plainly yisible only on aich evenings. " It did not take them log to overtake tile remiuder of the party, who'n:erc nakting their way back to thee hodse' hero. s. I told you, I was ae kindly nulred. Great woa the surprise and in some caCes even vea tion,'that no absurd an ea laona tion could be giventof tile much talked-,f ghott, that the most sensible of the party were heartily glad that the matter bad been clearedt up and future accidentt at the turtn of the road prevented. " My broken arm soon healed, but the blow to ?iy he.id proved onore serious, dmnd even when the doctor pronounced me cbn:' valh;ent, he urgte me to take' a holiday fnla station.life and go for a long sea vnoyge.. . I ;" I urge it the more willingly,' he sid with l?kindly, ,mile, 'an I fanoy you edil nt t o, alonae-it nt stte ,' he adoeld, as roy ' tar ' just then entered the room. '""'i make a long story short, I mtay tly that he wnp right, and early.lin January" I lec' , Iuanrl one of the '. and O. hoets locatot for a two ycars' trip to Europe, andl with the glad knowledge that the one detareat. to to-. on eartth was mine b' tile tleenulo of the dear ,laoter whom wetbdth loved and served; ' " Then I have Ihd the pleasure of meet. ingyour 'star' to- day?' Ioeool Stmnbenzie t1uiredl. ' Well, Harry, she is' truty one that ':tv o man would he fortuote.to po? s,:. If the ghost brought otherse a much Ilappiness oa it has to you, its remembmence al uht to be happy oine" Ha[rry Meemllitis blue ctye turne; lor ingly tO liis wife, who at that moment rotered the room. "The iasrter has, indeel, blessed my horme," he said, in a-low tone, "and we strive-each year to. extend those bleings ti otheruc. My this New 'Year Fee nts ever doing nmore for His elue und" for these whcue lot in_lifeo Is ot o bright us lures. Elliei' "-fe continued, as mrs. Mere lit i ecme np to -eherqtbhvy had risen to mlcet ier,',1 "ltcve becei telling Lionel of ocr fcYnoCs 'ghost.' Will you do yourshare i lhowinel hl oiur memento of it i We .khc p it fir the 'l neut it of :unlbel i vingi listener, do we not, dler " hie askel Isagtingly, au ce hhanded his wife a prettily carved palJrper.c.t?rt r .. . . Mrs. fMercdlith glancedi merrily at her husband. ' Has Mr. Strnbenzie been un. believing, Harry l I think you were, tom lhat'eventfoul .vening I Lomb," ?"rho dded, trninkto their guest, "thic is made of'the wood of the tole itself. Harry carved it for me when Ioe Nwa getting well front that idreadful fall. Is it not prnttyl So Iow," cshe; laughed, "you cannot only ay you have ho-ml an Auntrnliao 'ghost' story, but actuanlly tonlehed tLh:ghoa I" 