HOLT WATER AND THE DONEGAL MILITIA. The Imperial War Office has got into a mess about the blessing of the colours of the Donegal Militia. As the majority of the men are Bomanists, the Secretary of the War Office thought it would be a fine thing to make a new thing, and invite the papal priest of the parish to bless the new colours according to Komish rites, inclu ding the specified amount of holy water, thus superseding the chaplain's usual office. But the War Office reckoned without its host. The priest refused to officiate: and then having snubbed the chaplain, the Office thought it better to dispense with the ceremony altogether. So the regiment is exceptionally treated, and snubbed. It may well be questioned, remarks Mr. A. H. Guinness, M.A.,in the August letter of the Protestant Alliance, whether1 such treatment is calculated to win the; fidelity of soldiers who serve under Her Majesty's Standard. The loyalty of the Irish Militia has been regarded as doubt-; ful, and the uncertainty of their attach ment to British rule has frequently, been : urged as an objection to their annual en rolment. Overt signs of disaffection have even been exhibited by the men of the Donegal Regiment, to which these colours were to be presented ; and we read in the Londonderry Sentinel, July 4, 1889: — " The Irish militia would appear to be a most valuable bulwark of the State!! We have seen part of them marching or driving along the streets, cheering for O'Brien and Parnell and cursing the Queen. Some of them have occasionally indulged in the eminently loyal and law- abiding amusement, of boohing and groan ing a police officer who has had the courage to do his duty. Certain mem bers of the 4th Battalion Boyal Irish Begiment of Militia, who were disbanded on Friday, went further than this. They marched into Boscrea on Friday last to carry out a threat they had made on June 3rd, 'to go for the peelers.' They attacked the police barracks with stones. The police drove them away, and they then avenged themselves by breaking the windows of some respectable inhabitants, and indulging in cries of ' To hell with the Queen.' We wonder how the mili tary authorities think that such rehel rowdies can be depended upon in a crisis. It is a further testimony to the character of this patriotic branch of the auxiliary service that Mr. Davitt, in his evidence before, the Special Commission, declared that the outrages and murders in the counbry were in most cases carried out under the leadership of ex-soldiers or ex- militiamen." The authorities at the War Office may not be aware of the true character of the Romish rites, the celebration of which they are so anxious to secure for the ad vantage of Her Majesty's soldiers, and it is to be hoped that they do not entertain any superstitious belief in the alleged efficacies of Holy Water, with which the Romish Church directB that " a martial standard is to be sprinkled." The specific virtues and beneficial effects assumed to be obtained through the sprinkling of this fluid are truly multi farious. Holy Water is in itselt a com position carefully prepared by the Romish priests. In general it is a manu facture of salt and water: but there is also a holier water, consecrated, on " Holy Saturday," to be used in sprinklings, in which other ingre dients are infused, consisting chiefly of oils. Curious and superstitious cere monies are observed in the manufacture. — The salt is first exorcised, that is, the evil Bpirit is driven out of it, and then it is blessed — the water in its turn is exorcised and blessed, the priest breathes upon it, the paschal candle is submerged in the mixture, and prayers are. offered up that it may be impregnated with regenerating efficacy. The marvellous effects of the potent spells are fully set forth in a much esteemed work by Mgr. Gaume, entitled " L'Eau Benite au xix Siccle," published by Gaume Freres et Dupuy, Paris, 4th Edition, 1876. Mgr. Gaume, at whose recent death the R. C. papers were filled with lengthened obituaries on his virtues, was, when living, a Protonotary Aposto lic. This special brochure of his, is fortified with " the approval of the Bishop of Versailles," a letter from Cardinal Altieri, Camerlengo of the Holy Boman Church, and a letter of Commendation from the late infallible Pope Pius IX., in which that Pontiff attests the " virtue that Holy Water possesses, in expelling filthy Spirits, in rendering vain ail the machina tions and all the stratagems employed by Satanic perfidy, in driving away every thing that can compromise the safety or the repose of men, in purifying the soul of light faults, and in procuring spiritual and bodily health. Pope Pius IX.,' then offers his congratulations to Mgr. Gaume upon the excellence of his work, and praises his erudition, his arguments, and the facts that he has adduced, and the Pope concludes his letter by sending to Mgr. Gaume, as a proof of his goodwill, the Apostolic Benediction, accompanied by a Brief, according an indulgence ot a hundred days to everyone whoin the pre scribed form makes with Holy Water the sign of the Cross upon his person. In this authoritative work, attested and vouched for in every respect by such high authority; Mgr. Gaume enumerates- the virtues Of holy/ .water, as' folio ws (1) It remits ; venial sins. _ (2) The temporal penalties due. .to sin. /,; (3), It procures health. (4) It causes the devil to fly, and baffles all his wiles. :? (5) It drives away- epidemics, _ and plagues of every description-' Mgr. Gaume proceeds to furnish .instances of the bestowal of these special blessings through the use of holy water. He cites; cases in which the sprinkling ox this fluid had been found effective in dis persing. storm3, guarding against the effects of lightning, dispelling plagues, ex- polling ghosts from haunted houses, causing devils to flee away discomfited, restoring the sight, and as being a sovereign remedy for all diseases, and Hi gr. Gaume laments that while so many resort m search of health to the seaside, and to the many well-known watering places in Germany and France, so few avail themselves of the inestimable advan tages provided in the use of Holy Water. But this is not all. The benefits which may he regarded as possessing a supreme attraction for those engaged in warfare, are also well exemplified by Mgr. Gaume. Cases, asserted to be authentic, are ad duced in this authoritative work, in which the application of this wonderful specific of Holy Water effected the instantaneous cure of fractured legs, and restored dead bodies to life. Mgr. Gaume shows that even the worst of criminals may have hope ; an instance is recorded of miracu lous restoration to life, in a case in which death is stated to have so thoroughly supervened that " the devils had bound, and were draeeine awav the deceased to the infernal regions." Mgr. Gaume, with arguments still more forcible, proceeds to urge the use of Holy Water as an inestimable engine of war. He commends to all Eulers, the Chiefs of the State, the example of the Emperor Leo VI., who " commanded that general use should he made of Holy Water, and especially on grand occasions, when it was necessary to decide upon the fate of the Empire," and who further, in the lawB promulgated, for the guidance of his armies, directed that, " on the eve of battle, the Commander-in-Chief should take care that the priests should sprinkle the whole army with Holy Water." Such are the instructions offered "by the Church of Eome, for the guidance of Statesmen who have to decide upon " the fate of Empires," and these instructions have the approbation and recommenda tion of the late Pope Pius IX. — Are the rulers of the British Empire willing to yield to such admonitions, in the hope to avoid revolution at home, or foreign wars ? Does the Duke of Cambridge, or do the officials at the War Office, or the officers of the British Army entertain the " sense less and irrational " belief that, if these consecrated fetishes, sprinkled with Holy Water, are carried in front of Her Majesty's troops, they will obtain for our soldiers any one of the benefits enumerated by Mgr. Gaume, secure the victory over our: enemies, or bring down God's bless ing upon our armies? j.iii,/; The acknowledgement' 'ofany right' on the part of a Eeman Catholic priest to bless the colours, to sprinkle them with Holy Water, and to celebrate the service prescribed by the Eomish Church for the consecration of a martial standard, is a recognition of the supremacy claimed for the Church of Eome, and the superior authority of its priests and bishops over the Eoman Catholic subjects of Her Majesty. The concession of such a right is, in effect, a repudiation of the, primary title of the Protestant Church in Great Britain as established by Law. What doeB the Archbishop of Canterbury Bay to the precedency accorded to the Eoman Catholic priesthood on these occasions ? Is the Chaplain-General to the Forces prepared to submit to having his authority ignominously set aside ? Again, Is it to he held as an established rule, that when ever a regiment has enrolled in its ranks a number of Eoman Catholic soldiers, the form of prayer prescribed by the " Field Exercise Book," and the directions there given for conducting the ceremonial, are to be ignored, and the service and super stitions practices of the Church of Eome ! to he substituted in their stead. Is the J Commander in Chief to defer to the Pope of Eome, and if an insolent priest refuses to lend his aid, are Her Majesty's regi ments to be deprived of their colours, and wait that priest's pleasure to receive them ? Furthermore, is it to be the rule in future, that a Presbyterian chaplain is to he invited to bless the colours when presented to a Scotch regiment, or a WeBleyan chaplain for a Welsh, or any other regiment in which Wesleyans may happen to he in a majority. 1 There is in England a Church estab lished by law, and so long as this arrange ment continues, so long ought the lehgiouB services of the State to be con ducted by the ministers of the State Church. The institution- of Holy Water by the Eomish Church is of comparatively recent invention, though Mgr. Gaume absurdly claims that it dates from the time, when in the beginning of the world the Spirit j oved over the free of the waters, and. Mgr. Gaume asserts, blessed them, it that were so all water is holy and there is no need for the blessingB of priests, and their mixtures of salt, &c.;, and candle mummeries. Holy Scripture, however, says nothing about the Spirit blessing thewaters; andthereisonlyMgr. Gaume's hare assertion on th e other side. Mr. C. H. Collette writes: — The firat reference we find to Holy Water is in a forged epistle attributed to Alexander I., Bishop of Eome, a.d. 119, cited in Labb&us; and Cossart's Ed. of Councils (Tom. i., col. 546., Ep. i. Paris, 1671), as follows : — "We bless water mixed with salt, sprinkled on the people; that all sprinkled with it may be sanctified and purified ; which also we command to be done by the priest. For if the ashes of an heifer, sprinkled with blood, sanctified and puri fied the people, much more water mixed with salt and consecrated with Divine prayers, sanctifies and purifies the people." — But if we turn to St. Paul's Epistle to the Hebrews ix. 13, 14, we perceive that Holy Water is here put into the very place, and established by the very proof'B, which St. Paul assigns to the Blood of Christ. The epistle of Alexander has, however, been proved to he a forgery of the ninth centurv. The institution of Holy Water is the revival of the old Pagan custom of the Lustral Water, used by the heathens at the entrance of their Temples, to sprinkle themselves, as is admitted by Montfaugon and the Jesuit La Cerda. The latter in his note of Virgil, where this practice is mentioned, says — "Hence was derived the custom of Holy Water at the entrance of their churches." Modern Eoman priests use the same " aspergillium " or sprinkler, which was used by Pagan priests for the same purpose, as seen on ancient bas-reliefs and coins. The Indians, the Brahmins, &c.;, also use Holy Water in sprinkling their houses, &c.;, and believe that they can thereby wipe out their sins (see Picard's Ceremonies Eeligieuses, Tom, i. p. xxviii., note I, Amsterdam, 1734.) Marteneinbisbook on the Ancient Discipline of the Church in celebrating Divine offices (stiidio et Opera Dom. E. Martene, Lugdun, 1706), page 58, Bays : " Concerning the solemn benediction of salt and water to be made on every Lord's day, I do not remember that I have read anything before the ninth century, in which Leo IV. has these few words in his ' Homily of the Pastoral Care.' " " On every Lord's day bless the water before Mass, with which let the people he sprinkled ; for this have a proper vessel." — (Labb. et Cess. Tom. viii. col. 34, Paris, 1671.) This is the : first genuine authority on the subject, appearing just after the publication of the forged Epistle of Alexander I. 