EXPERIENCES . OF AN EDINBURGH DETECTIVE. BY JAMES McGOVAN, Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down, "Strange Clues," " Traced and Tracked," " Solved Mysteries," &c.; A Money-Lender's Tool. There was a striking peculiarity about this oase, which, when the first robbery in oonnec- tion with it took place, did not escape my notice. When a house is marked out for plun- dering it is not usual for the housebreakers to cboose a time when the occupants are all at home, considering the noise likely to be made in forcing an entrance. Even the picking of a lock is not always a noiseless task, and often so uncertain aud slow that when that mode is chosen the cracksmen prefer to have an empty, or nearly empty, house to work upon. And when that favorable, condition of things is found the ruder style of work is generally adopted-a brace bit to work Boma holes in tli9 door near the lock, and the hand thrust through to turn the key in the lock and un- fasten any bolts within; or a window-pane removed and the shutters dealt with in tha same fashion, No?, in the case before us-a big house in the suburbs of the city-quite a different plan had been followed. The occupants-a gentleman, hia wife aud family, and two servants-were all at homa and asleep when the house was entered No violence had been used even in effecting an en trance; every door/window, and shutter waa found [securely looked or bolted aa it had bean i'ne night before, and yet nearly every room ia the house had been entered-including tha bed rooms-and some valuables removed, Two watches were taken from the bedside of the owner, a clear proof to me that tha bur glars had known a good deal of the interior arrangements of the house, for these must have been taken and the room entered-without the aid of a light. The front door-elaborately protected with a chain, two boltB, a double look, and a Chubb's cheok-had never been touched, Tha side door, simply protected by a lock-tha key of which was. for safety, removed every night and hung on'a nail close by-shoftrad no tracea of having been touched with skeleton keys- unless they had been wielded by a master hand-yet after a close inapactioa of the place I was convinced that it had been by this door that the thieves had got in. The lock had been copiously oiled, probably . with a squirt having a long and bent nozzle, yet when it was taken off the works showed not a scratch or a graze. The inference waj clear, The piece had been entered by means of a perfeotly fitting false key, I took down the real key and examined tha works closely, but it showed no tracea of wax, or dough, or chewed bread, or any preparation likely to have been used in taking a cast. Such a clever thief waB not likely to leave any traoa of that kind, Yet a cast of the kind must havs been taken-and by whom 1 I was certain at first that one or both of the servants, wittingly or unwittingly, had helped in the robbery, and I examined into their antecedents with a sharp ness which appeared to horrify their master. Failing there, I asked after followers. Had they no sweethearts of unknown, charaoter? wa3 there no baker or butcher who cama for orders and received them at the en trance ? or was there no innocent looking dairy girl-I waa thinking at the time of "Peggy, the milk girl's" case, given ia "Stiange Clues"-who might have been bribed cr induced to supply the cast or procure a loan of the key ? These enquiries and ferretings took up a good deal of time, but produced not tha faintest vestige of a clue. The servants wars not only above suspicion, but eager for the dis covery of the thieves, as they themselves had had been robbed; they had no sweethearts they wished they had-and the milk girl, butcher, and baker all came to the kitohen door, which waB at the back of the houaa. Who, then, came to this side door? Why, nearly everybody, as the iront door was entered from a bigger street round the corner, Tha children and family generally used the sida door, as was shown by the narrow lobby thera being provided with a email hat stand for the boys'. cap3 and coats. I asked for the children, but they were gona to school, so I decided to return in tha> Bfternoon and question them separately. When I did so I turned almost instinctively in to wards the side door, to save going round tha corner. When I had been admitted, and waa in the act of putting up my hat on one of tha pegs of the lobby-stand, I noticed close to it a very shabby and glazed dress hat which had not been there in the morning, and whioh waa too brown and decayed for me to believe for a moment that it would be worn by Bailia Colliaon, the owner of the house, It was tha only hat which had no overcoat or muffler alcDgside of it, and the time wab wiaisr, ao luy interest in the owner was aroused. " Ynu have a visitor?'' I said to the 3.?r73ut, when I had slowly disencumbered xnysoif, wita my eyes on the shabby hat and my thought] busy, "Oh, no, eir; visitors come to the front door," answered the girl readily ani pleasantly. "Then whose hat ia that?-one of tha boys'?" "Oh no; its Mr, Miley's-he came ia about an hour ago. He comes every | afternoon to go over the boys' lesBona with them. If ha didn't they'd never learn a thing." " Ob, indeed, a tutor ?" I responded, adding: to myself, "he must be a dreadfully poor one." "I don't think he's exactly tutor-he's a student," said the girl, leading the way up* stairs; ."he's a student, coming out for * minister or something, and he.does that to fill up his time and get a little money. £ think he has a gey hard struggle, for ha aya looks hungry and cauld," she added in a confi dential whisper as we reached the door of tha boys' room. " We aye'gie him something to eat while the boya are at dinner, and he never leaves any of it." "Poor-needy-hungry," those were tha words whioh passed through my mind as I entered; but then they were outweighed by tha other statement-" Coming out aa a minister." No, such a man oould never be the invisible - agent of the burglars or the burglar himself. Yet I found myself studying curiously tha - tutor's faoe and appearance the moment I entered. It waB not a bad face-Btudioua, cold, and thoughtful-but the owner gave ma but a poor chance to see it well. He scarcely looked np, and even at the words-f' This ia the detective come to Bpeak to tha boys," did not show any agitation or alteration in hia manner. His manner was stiff and his faoe somewhat pale and careworn. He bowed , slightly to ms and sent the eldest boy to ma from his lesBons. Not to interrupt tha studies of the others I took the boy out to the landing and questioned him there, and the others cams to me there in turn. I discovered nothing. The boyB knew nothing of the key hanging on a nail behind the door, and had never touched it. . - . They could scarcely Tbave reached tha nail by getting up on a chair, and even then with difficulty, My visit, then, was fruitless, and I left the house hoping to trace tha burglar better by some of the stolen property. I was fairly puzzled at the house, yet it strikes ma now that I had a lingering suspicion of th9 tutor with the shabby hat. I did not say ao to anyone, and may be only judging from Hfter events, but that is the impreBBion on my mind. He had regularly entered and left by that side door, and waa looked upon ao much as one of the household that the servant never troubled to show him out. The key waB quite within Ms raaoh, and must have b6en Been by him frequently; but, then, what object could such a man have in robbing, or aiding to rob, one of his bena faotors? Possibly that riddle waa too muoh for me, and I gave up thinking of Mr, Richard Miley, Shortly after the robbery one of the missing watches waa recovered by the merest acoident passing through the post. It had been posted atLeith, and though it waa addressed "to Iia till called for"-at Glasgow-it never waa called for, and so the clue for the time ended. Leith waa far from Miley'a home, for ha lived with his father, a decayed Bcholar, at tha south side of Edinburgh, We hunted round Lsith pretty Bharply, but got no nearer to the sender of the Btolen watch, and there the matter rested, - , ., Not a month later there waB a second robbery . quite as my BteriouB as the first. This time it waa a main-door house at the north side of ths oifcy I but again the prinoipal entrance had been ig nored ; the bolts and looka were untouched; not a window broken or a panel injured, and not a soul had been awakened during the visit ot tha thieves, Had it not been for the tell-tala oil in the lock of the area door I should have thought the invisible burglar a ghost or spirit which could enter by a keyhole and leave by a. chimney, The oil! Ab^ there was the clue, for the curious thing was that in this case sIbo the door waa proteoted by but one lock, and that waa fastened every night and the key removed to a nail out of reach, Not a great deal had been secured in thia case, and my impression waa that the thieves bad been Beared in Bome way, for they had not, as in the former case, locked the door on leav ing. 1 all thought of the tutor Miley had gone out of my bead, and even when noting tha iden tity of the handiwork in thia easel did not i ecall hia face or form. After going over the prea fiat, however, 1 ascended to the hall abova fo examine the main door: and its fastenings, md in passing through the lobby laid my hat. on the hall table. As I did so my eye fell on the bat stand above," and I gave a pajyrtful stait ard stood Etaring, much to tha frtwpiliaat oi the lady of the house, who was conducting idp. There before me,'like adaunting spectre/' vibs the dreadfullysh&bby; hat ! I could have picked it out of a dozen now. I did not even s>fe the name of the owner, and I daresay for a few moments must have looked decidedly rttipid not to say idiotic. The lady of the house was chattering volubly, but I heard little that Ehe B&id; and underatood less, I was in a manner stunned by the discovery. The whole of my former suspicions flashed upon me with re doubled force, and I even began to chide my Eelf for heeding them BO little before. "You Eeem surprised as seeing a gentleman's hat on the stand," said the lady of the house, who was a widow, " but it is only the tutor's, 1 prefer to have my son and daughter eduuated at borne.1' I bowed, and then quietly said M Has Mr, Miley . been long engaged in your service 1" '* Oh, you know him then 5" she responded with animation, " Oh, yes, he has come re gularly for two years. I suppose we shall lose him some day, for he is studying hard at college, but by that time the children will be able to go on with their studies alone," " I do not know him-I have met him once* that is all," I coldly replied, "HOST often does he come here?" " Every alternate forenoon, escapt on Saturdays." I wondered if he ever was down near the area dc.or, but I thought test not to ask he? that, " What does he think cl the robbery !" I asked curiously. " Ob, he's very quiet; he doesn't say much. Of course a student knows little of these things," More criminating links! sad yet more per plexing indications of innocence! Had he been entirely free from guilt, would he not at least have mentioned.the robbery at the Bailie's . bouse, which had come within his observation so shoiSy before ? And yet, had he been the successful robber in that case would there_ not have been some improuement in his clothing 1 -at leaBt in his hat ? Altogether the tutor was n mystery to me, but one, nevertheless, that I wbb resolved to fathom, In order that no hint of my suspicions should reach either Miley or the lady beside me, Z tried to impress upon her the fact that this was no ordinary robbery, and that to aid me in my Eearch for the author of the crime it was im perative that she should mention to no one coming about the house the name of the detec tive employed upon the case. This being arranged without her suspicions once being directed to the tutor, I managed to get down to the area flat before leaving for a word with the servants, , "Does Mr. Miley stay long ?" I casually en quired while busy washing my hands after chaffing the girls into a good humor. "About two hours, sometimes longer," wa3 the answer, "He'll have hard work, 1 suppose?" I con tinued carelessly, "Ay, has he, for Master Robert and Miss Ec>ma are so stupid that no schoolmaster will take them in hand, They're awful dunces." "When he comes and goeB I suppose it's by the main door ?-I see his hat up there in the hall" " Oh, yes, always," A dropper for me. I had expected another answer. I was silent for a moment or two on that subject, and though I was chattering away it waB with an absent mind. "Mr. Miley iB never down here at all, I sup pose ?" I at length ventured to say, getting back to the theme uppermost in my mind, "No," said.our servant; but the other promptly added, " except when he came down to wash his hands like you." "And he's been down once or twice when the miBtreeB ordered him to get luncheon-a glass of beer and some bread and cheese. We set it in that room there opposite, but it's very Eeldom he gets it." ?' Is he a nice fellowI aBked, meaning, of course, was he nice an3 agreeable, or inclined to flirt with the lasses before me. '. Oh, he's far owre grand for the like o' us," said one with energy, " You'd think he had a fortune at his back, he's that stiff and digni fied," Again I was puzzled; for, if Miley had been the criminal I suspected him to bes he would have made it a first study to be gracious with these girls-even if his depraved nature did not prompt him to such a course. It seemed to me that with every additional proof of his guilt I was to discover something tending io stagger my belie*. While drying my hands and leading the girls to speak of something ehe I quickly deter mined on a prompt action. "I had discovered the exact hour at which Miley left that house, and by comparing notes found that he had just time to attend one clasB at the college aud then go direct to the Bailie's house at the South Side for his afternoon's work. There wa3, therefore, Jittle likelihoodof himlbeing at horn for six or seven hours, and much might be done HI that time. I had got his address from the lady of the house without directly asking for it, and I resolved to go there. I had no war rant, and did not want one as yet. The quie'; way cf working is best in such odd cases, lb is a good long walk from that Bide to Clerk street, and I did not go very fast, yet when I got there I waB still thinking and without any plan of action. The house I found to be a rather pratentiou? iiplf-fiat, with the name "Mitsy" on the door;-piste and bell; and this fac* puzzkd me more than ever. They could not be so very poor when, they could keep a house like that. I rang the bell, and after a long wait was answered by a slip-shod old gentleman with blear eyes, spectacles, and a general untidyness about his dress. He was stupid and wandering, too, and invited me to enter, calling me by two or three different names in a breath, He smelt strongly of whisky and tobacco, but there were about him certain movements of dignity and politeness faintly indicating the scholar and gentleman. Richard was not at home, but might come in at any moment-perhaps I would wait a little ? There was no clock on the mantelpiece of. the room into which I had been shown, and I found that the old gentleman had but a hazy idea of the time of day, So far as I could Ece the house was well furnished, and one side of the room was entirely taken up with a library of well-bound and probably valuable books. There was no servant visible, and after a little I gathered from the old man's remarks that the girl came only onca a week to clean up. " My Eon works hard and struggles nobly," said the father in one of his more lucid mo ments, " but he'll get out of the rut by-and-by. He'll be through the Divinity Hall in another year, and then his talent will carry all before it. Would you take a taste of spirits, Mr, ah- 1 I declined promptly, and he appeared some what relieved. " I don't think there is any in the house," he tremblingly suggested; "I was intending to go out for some, but the difficulty is to leave the house, having no girl. Would you mind me leaving you for a minute or two ?" "Not at all," I said with great alacrity, and yet with a pang of reproach and commiseration for the wretched slave, "But are you quite able to go out?" "Oh, yes; I do all the shopping," he said hurriedly, and then he shuffled out and got an old bat. and shabby muffler about him, I beard him potter about for a little, muttering to himself, and then he Bhnifled back again. I find-that-that is-that Richard has gone out taking the purse with him," he said without raising his bleared eyes to meet mine. " PerhapB you would accommodate me with a couple of shillings till he returns ?" He was shaking in every limb as he spoke, and the tone was one of almost piteous entreaty. Was it drink or food he craved for 1 I feared the former, but gave him the benefit of the doubt and placed the money in his hand, He clutched at it with trembling eagerness and was gone, and then I went over the room and its contents rapidly. The student's papers and books were all lying open to me, and there was Ecarcely a drawer or receptacle in the room to which I had not access, yet I was soon con vinced that not a trace of the plunder was in that house, I was slightly disappointed, for I had begun to believe that Miley had done the whole of the two jobs single-handed, and, of course, expected that an amateur housebreaker would have some diffiulty in getting rid of the plunder. In turning over some of the papers I came upon a small printed card bearing the words "MOSES MALACHI, Money Lent on Easy Terms. Hours 10 to 10." The addreES was given at the bottom left hand corner, and was a pretty re spectable street in Lsith. Had it not been for this last word I do not think I should have thought twice about the card 1 Who so likely to need the loan of money as a struggling student ? There waB nothing remarkable in that, But then " Leith" and a Jewish name. I hurriedly copied the card and restored it to its place, Leith was the place where the recovered watch had been posted, and, though I knew nothing of Mr. Malachi. I did not think a Jewish money-lender likely to be troubled with scruples of any kind. At all events there might be a connection, and I wa3 thankful for a cine of any kind. There were four places in the house in all, and I had scarcely time to gg over them care fully when the father returned. He was much brighter and more loquacious than before, and smelt of freBh whisky, and from his conversa tion I soon judged that, whatever might come of my suspicions of the son, the father's only crime was ajweakneas for drink, After he had talked his fill I rose to go, saying-what I sincerely hoped would prove true-that I should call again, I left no name; and the father did not remember to ask for it. The re mainder of the afternoon was pretty well occu pied by some enquiries after Mr. Malachi. His business seemed a perfectly legitimate one, as I fonnd by sending up a " poor working man to enquire about a loan of two pounds, and nothing waB known sgainBt him by the police. Seme queer characters came about hiaoffice," but that might be inseparable from his peculiar toiBiaeiraf - About six o'clockl was out at Bailie OoIIi ecia'a house patiently waiting for Mile; to come out, II was all in the dark aa yet frith the case,, put I had an idea that the leading strings were in my hands, and thought that it would do no harm to watch the student's movements a little. They were furtive enough to excite my interest, bat after all it turned out that he was on!y meeting a young lady, with whom he walked for an hcur, talking earnestly. She was a real lady, for he saw her home to a big houEe in Newington; and she appeared to be devotedly attached to him, though in evi dent fear of being seen in bis company. My suspicion was that her position being so much above bis own she had been forbidden to Bee bim. After seeing her enter her home from a short distance Miley slowly made his way homeward. He appeared depressed and troubled, and stopped more than once on the way to stand staring and thinking, After seeing him fairly housed and a light shine out from his room it struck me that as he bad not drawn down the blind it might be possible to have a glimpBe at his work, and by going round to the next street and ascending a common stair I succeeded in getting a tolerably good view of the room, Miley waB alone, with his elbowB on the desk and his face in his hands, evidently thinking hard. He at length got out a sheet of notepaper and an envelope, I and was about to begin to write, when he Changed his mind, and got up to pace the room, Bhakicg bis clenched fist at times and looking troubled and wrathful. At length, quite suddenly, he sat down "and dashed off a few lineB on the sheet of paper, folded it up, closed in the envelope, and wrote an address of three lines on the outside. Then after affixing a stamp,he haBtily got the shabby hat, flung it on his head, and turned down the light, _ I flew down the Btair and waB on the opposite side of the atreet when he emerged, There werereceivingboxesnearer.butmy man chcse to go with his letter to tbs GSuSral Post Office. Whea it was thrown into the big letter slip I loBt all interest in Miley, and allowed him to go while I followed the letter, I had some difficulty behind, but at length was informed that there tacts a letter among those being sorted addressed to "Mr. M. Malachi, teith," Good! When would it b9 delivered ? By the first delivery in the morn ing. All right; I should be ready foe it. I went home pretty well pleased with the day's work. Though I had discovered nothing tangible, I had a presentiment of a kind which seldom deceives me, that I was near the end of the tangled skein. In the morning I was down at the money lender's in Leith in good time, having McSweeny and other two men stowed away in convenient places close by. I waited at the foot of the Btair till the postman appeared, and then followed him up to the door, Three or four IetterB were handed in for the money lender,[and as I asked for Mr, Malachi while the servant took them Z was shown in along with them. The money-lender was already at his desk; and he took the IetterB and smiled and bowed ingratiatingly to me at the same time, " What can I do for you, Bir 2" he said, with the air of a man accustomed to dictate rather than obey. " You can open your letters and read them aloud to me," I said, in a tone that Btaggerei him. He ahratik back, grasping theletters apprehen sively, and staring at me with the smile dying on his lips, "I think you've made a mistake," he said, after a pause. " Where do you think you are ?" "In your office, Mr. Malachi," I ahswared, "and anxious to know something of your cor respondence." He turned pale, though whether with anger or fear I could scarcely tell. "What iB your name, sir?" he demanded, with the Hebrew accent coming out strongly in his pagBion, "James McGovan," In an imtant he had thrown the letters into the fire and placed his bulky body between me and them to prevent them being rescued. ' I closed with him, put all my strength into | one effort, and rolled him over on the floor, I and then grasped at the letters just as i they caught fire and began to blaze up. I The next moment he waB up and reaching ! forward to a hand-bell on the writing tab el, i but! got that out of his reach, and, putting my own whistle to my lips, rang out a cal : which was instantly answered by my men on , the landing throwing themselves against the | outer door and bursting it inwards, When the ! whole household had been secured I ripped open the letters before the money-lender's eyes : and found the one I wanted, It was not Bigned i or addressed, but the words "South side" at 1 the bottom where the signature should have ; been left no doubt on my mind as to the , writer, The contents ran thus '' Sir-I have considered your proposal, and ! I refuse! Do your worst; I care not! I ; have done too much already-sinned against , God and man and my own soul, in making ; myself a tool for your wickedneBB; and but for | the threat you held over my head would never : have yielded. Would to God I could recall it all now ! But though I bartered my soul for a mess of pottage-more on account of my poor old father than for myself-the weight of the : crime is more than I can bear, and I refuse to j add to it, Do your wo'Bt, but beware how you j push your power too far, or I may [turn and : send you to the prison you deserve." | "Do you know who the writer of that note is ?" I asked of the Btout mmey-Iender as I . finished. He looked at the handwriting and j shrugged his shoulders in affected ignorance, | "I do not. Some madman or enemy of : mine no doubt," was his answer. | "Then I can help yon. The writer is a ! student or tutor named Richard Miley," I I said with emphasis, "I saw him write it last night-saw him with my own eyes." " That is possible," he answered, a trifle paler, but still keeping up a brave front, "Whatis that to me? I never saw him in ; my life that I know cf." I "You are not bound to say anything, and j I'd adviBe you to take full advantage of the privilege," I observed in caution. "Only the ' innocent can afford to speak freely under j such circumstances." ! Ha blustered and protested, but seemed to I think the advice a good one, for he made no further direct reference to Miley. We ' Eearched the house, but as I had expected, i Malachi was too wary a bird to have any j plunder about the. place. One of the letters, | however, which I had recovered from the fire j bore the Glasgow post-mark, and contained a j message in cypher to the effect that & certain list of articles had been received in safety an i would be accounted for in due course, The I paper had neither address nor signature, but , the list coreBponded almost exactly with the things taken at the second robbery. After having Mr, Malachi and his Household locked up I went out to the college and had Miley called' out of his tfass. When he saw my face in the great lobby without he seemed to realise the truth that the worct had come, and staggered faintly back against the wall for support, "Malachi and the others are locked up, and now I want you," were the words that did it; and seeing him so agitatedl hurriedly cautioned him as I had done the Jew. He appeared to collapEe and abandon hope at once, but when I brought out the handcuffs he groaned aloud and hid his face in his hands. "Must I have that degradation, too?" he faltered in piteous tones, *'I will not run away; I will follow youand make no resistance. I swear it. Spare me that ?" "Do you pledge your honor aa a gentleman?" I said without thinking. "My honor?" h6 groaned, "God help me, now I have none to pledge! But I promise it j come, take me away; 1 have dreamed of thip, and Eeen it for dayB and weeks." Before the Fiscal he remained dumb, but after some hourB' reflection in the cells he sent for me to make a strange proposal. He would reveal all. he said, with out stint, on two . conditions - that his father Bhould be kept in ignorance of the charge and his fate, and that I should as soon as possible find meano to convey a true narra tive of the facta to the young lady in whose company I had seen him the day before, I sgreed to the conditions and then got his story. He had been induced to borrow money from Malachi on the security of his father's furniture, pictures, and books, not knowing that his father had already borrowed money on them to their full value, This coming to the knowledge of Malachi, he threatened a criminal proEecution unless the money were returned. The man might aB well have demanded a slice of the moon. At length, after driving Miley nearly mad, he proposed to him to furnish an impression of the key of any of the better houses frequented by Miley The temptation was strong, and, weighed against seeming dis grace and ruin, seemed the leaBt of two evils. The student fell, and (the money-lender arranged the robberies in hiB own way. I regretjtojhave to recoid.that the case against Malachi broke down and he was discharged, though only to be removed in custody to Lon don on another charge. Miley pleaded guilty and, in spite of the gravity of the offence, it being his first con v.'ction, be got off with one year's imprison ment. When his term had expired he found his j father dead and the house shut up, But he was not quite friendless and alone, even with the taint of crime and prison upon him, The young lady I have mentioned was then of age, and [ahe persisted in meeting him and loving him as Btrongly as before-if not more de votedly, They were married, I am led to believei, not long after/and quietly disappeared abroad, whsre she probably helped to lift him up into some sphere of usefulness and goodness. The title of the Detective Story for next Saturday's issue is . THE FAMILY BIBLE, 