ARCHDEACON FARRAR MODERN PREACHING. XEW TOKK Fonor. \Yo live iu times ivhcn nearly all know how to l ead, and when excellent books are "witliin the easy reach even of the X'oorest. ICotliing is more fatal to the pulpit than tliat in the very subjects with ivliicli it deals, it should he sur passed in knowledge by the pew. The printing-press must inevitably be a formidable antagonist to the autocratic dogmatism of the sen) ion. In davs- wlien u preacher might fairly be convinced that bis training placed liiin immensely ahove the standpoint of his hearers, and that in learning and knowledge he ivus necessarily a Triton among" minnows, he might lie excused for adopting a somewhat dictatorial tone, and for assunnng that his ipse dixit was sufficient to dominate ovex* the opinions of liig j auditoi-s. But when a preacher chooses to adopt such a style in these (hiys a few aresure to lie found,even ill village congre gations, who liave a right to say of him, Ot'.i, uirtrefitw : mois jtotts tiroirs <~h"ntjc foul Xothing is more offensive 111 the modem preacher, especially when he is young and nvw and ignorant, than the assumption of any right to lay down the law ondisputcdtopics. He should rather endeavour to convince, and to illustrate, and to persuade, and to win. The null tit. is mo longer a coward's castle. The preacher can be answered, if anyone thinks him of sufficient importance to make it worth while to do so. His most self- important assertions will he taken only for wliar they are worth. Ex posure will sooner or later await his incompetence. His most aggressively ignorant dogmatism will he listened to "with a smile, and v."ill lie taken as a measure, not of his authority, but of his conceit. jSothing will tell more power fully and more deservedly against the modern jireaelier than for hint to give himself the airs of the mcdiseval^ in quisitor or the domineering priest. There arc two great departments of knowledge which preachers are constantly tempted to invade, with no better equipment Hum that of a traditional and J uniiistructed opinion, which has remained unchanged in the midst of progress, and which is often rendered still more offensive by being ornamented with a smattering of im possible apologetics. They arc the do mains of science and of biblical criticism. Tn both domains numberless priests, and even whole generations of jiriests and religious teachers, have maintained and enforced views which are entirely false. The beacon light of progress over every such sunken reef of i>ersecuting ignorance, should serve as a warning i'> the modem teacher to avoid the arrogance of a escienee which takes itself for knowledge nd denounces what it cannot uilder tand. It is perfectly true to ay that there is and can be 110 antagonism between the Church and science, while at the same time there_ is no more dej»loi~tble fact than the hostility to science which h:is been disphiyed ceu tuiy after century by the immense ma jority of the Church's representatives. Xot a few indeed, of the martyrs of .science have themselves been priests- among them linger Uacon, one of the greatest of tliem all; but this h:ts not saved tliem from v<!ars of anguish and'persecution, inflicted upon them by the inllated and iimorant intolerance of their bretliren. ~So one who is acquainted with the liis t, ,;-v of science, and lias sufficient honesty | to accept facts, can possibly _ deny that scarcely a single truth of capital impor tance in science has ever been enunciated without having to struggle for life against the fuiy of theological dogmatists. In every instance the dogmatists have been ignominious!}' defeated. The world moved, as Galileo said it did, in spite of the Inquisition. A great puritan, divine thought- that he had cheeked the progress of astronomical inquiry when he said that he preferred to believe the Holy Ghost rather than !N ewton; yet ^ ewton ^ ai> absolutely right and the puritan divine was hopelessly wrong. Thousands of pulpits fulminated anathemas against the early geologists: and one religious contro versialist-with the exquisite culture and suavitv which marks the ordinary langu age of self-sufficient bigots-satisfied himself that during the ages which pre ceded the creation " God had been pre paring a hell for the geologists." Yet, before thirty years had elapsed, the re jection of the truths -which palieontology liad revealed would have been regarded as | the ntark of an idiot. The men of science quietly advanced in their sacred task of deciphering the letters which God had in scribed upon the rocky tablets of the earth, leaving the theologians to square their biblical objections with the new re velation as best they could. In our own time, to irive but one instance more, we have heard from i>reacliers, and some times from men who could barely scrape through the matriculation examination of a tenth-rate college, the most furious denunciations of Darwinism and the doctrine of evolution. Darwin himself opposed to these tirades the silence of a magnanimity too noble even for the in dulgence of private disdain. And already not'Ti few leading theologians adopt the theory of evolution as one which can be applied in even wider regions than those of phvsies. Let the modem preacher leam a little wisdom, a little modesty, a little suspension of judgment from the disastrous annals of the past. His curses like chickens will only come homo to roost, iso truth of science can collide with any truth of religion. God has re vealed "Himself in nature, of which science is the interpreter, as He lias re vealed Himself in Scripture, of which theology is the exponent. If men of science have often misread for a time tlie teachings of God s works, theologians have demonstrably erred-and that f:u more egregiously, and for ages together, and with far more disastrous consequences -us to the true meaning of God's word. God speaks in many voices, and has more books than one. Let all religious teachers, above let all ignorant and "un scientific teaehers. abdicate at once their insolent pretension to decide ex cathedra on new scientific discoveries and theories. They are wholly incompetent to pro nounce anv opinion "upon them. Let them leave'to science the things that be long to science. Science is perfectly able to take care of herself. If her sons arc often hasty in their inductions and generalisations, they have no monopoly of error- The light of God will show what their opinions arc worth. If those opinions be erroneous, they will be re- i futed on scientific grounds; and the] lesson of historic experience proves that if thej'be correct, all other weapons, whether they pretend to be sacred or not, will be of 110 avail against them. "When, as is too often the case, a preacher poses as " Sir Oracle " against some scientific theory, while he is as conspicuously ignorant of science as he is of most other Objects, he presents a spectacle which is ridiculous alike to gods and men. 