General News. Late telegrams from Croydon state that the general health of the town is improving. Pryn's hotel, at the 4-Mile, will shortly be under new management; Mat. Peterson is the new Boniface. Firdayson's iiotel, at Stratford, has changed hands; the popular captain of the flying Zeus is the new lessee. A tornado swept over Georgetown on the 17th inst., doing considerable damage, the warden's house being completely wrecked. A public meeting will be held at Cooktown this evening to consider the necessity of confining the blacks to their reserve, there to be fed and taught to work by the Govern- ment. We regret to learn of the sudden death of Mr. Joseph Dwyer, of the Russell River. His remains were brought to town by the s.s. Zeus yesterday, and interred in the cemetery. We are pleased to learn that a ball, under the auspices of the Hibernian Australian Catholic Hertefit Society, will be held at the Divisional Hall on Monday evening, the 18th of March. A meeting of the Municipal Council was I held last night, full report of which will ' appear in our next issue. After a long dis^ cussion it was decided to pay the engineer the amount claimed.' The painted glass windows in Mr. E. A. Milford's new office in Abbott-street were designed and executed by Mr. John Anderson, of this town, and reflects great credit on his skill as a painter and decorator. Mr. A. Starcke received a telegram yester- day from Mr. Hume, Under-secretary, of Lands, stating he was leaving Cooktown hy- the Birksgate. From this we infer that Mr. Hume was on his way to Port Douglas, and thence to Herberton, and that he may be expected here shortly. We understand that tenders are to be i called at once for the clearing and grubbing to I8in of an acre of land at the na rae ry reserve, Kamerunga ; und for the erection of a residence for a manager. Tenders will be called, again for cleerinavthe.,whole, of the reserve as soon as the wet season is over. For some days past disquieting rumours hare been afloat with reference to the result of the crusbings at the Mulgrave goldfield, and the reports have unfortunately been confirmed. One hundred tons of Mount Longden stone have been put through for an average of 3dwt tr. the ton, and Roberts' claim, which was estimated to go'ooz to the ton, averaged loz 2dwt. As sinking proceeds on Mr. Williams' coal selection most promising results are being obtained. The country through which the shaft is being sunk shows alternate bands of shale and coal, and it is confidently ex- pected that before much more work is done, another good sized seam will be struck. Mr. Williams has doubled the number of men at work on the shaft, and is using all the expedition possible to thoroughly test his property.—(Cooktown Courier.) That, the people of the Etheridge have elected to agitate for the extension of the line from Croydon to Georgetown should surprise no one, but that vindictiveness to the Member for Cairns should so overpower the common sense of a certain scribbler against him, as was lately demonstratea in a Cairns print, is as pitiable as the argument used was absurd. We hope our Etheridge neighbours will gain their object, as it will expedite the construction of the linc that will sooner or later stretch from Cairns to the Gulf.—(Wild River Times.) The petition for presentation to Parliament next session praying for the approval of the plans of the fourth section of the railway as far as Herberton and the extrusion of the permanent survey to Mount Albion, is being numerously signed all over the district, which is unanimous on this most important matter. Petition sheets have been sent to all the outside centres, and any one wishing one can obtain it on application to this office. It need hardly be pointed out that each holder of a list should endeavour to obtain as many signatures as possible, as the larger the petition, the greater weight it will have. Care should also be taken that no person signs twice, as before being sent to Brisbane it will be carefully examined, and dual signatures will lead to erosions. If those who Juive been entrusted with the collection of names only._ show reasonable activity, btw- »OOO mmA «oro abotd* «e eoDc>6t«a,' which, when presented to Parliament, should have a most important influence on the pushing forward of the line.-(Herberton Advertiser.) The Mary Peverly, schooner (Captain Mazitelli), arrived on Wednesday with 26 diggers from Sud Est, the majority of whom were suffering from malarial fever. During the voyage John Barnett, miner, aged 55, a native of Scotland, succumbed to fever, and was buried at sea. Several brought back nice little parcels of gold, but the great majority of miners declare that the few patches in the Island have now been worked out. When tho Mary Peverly left there were still 200 miners at Sud Est, many of them walking ghosts through fever, and the fossickers were washing very little gold. One correspondent says that everybody will leave when enough gold is got io pay passage money. A passenger informs us that the Mary Peverly got on to the Barrier Reef, and it is surely the duty of the Harbour- master to see why she was cleared with only one boat, by which a terrible catastrophe would have been encouraged had a storm arisen when she was on the reef.--(Cooktown Independent.) In this way are the interests of. the, rate- payers of the Munieipalfty served, and their money saved. As is well-known Alderman Walsh ia connected with a certain so-called newspaper, he is also returning officer ; yee the order for printing the voting papers for the coming municipal elections is being executed by the newspaper office in question. The Cairnà Pott naturally objects to this to the Council, and receives the following reply. "As it waa inch a very small job we did out think it worth while calling for tenders, and as you printed the Voters' List we gave it to thu-." This is eminently satisfactory, but it may be ns well to explain that when tenders were called for printing the Voters'. List thc Cairn* Post'i price was £3, while the influential paper, with which Mr. Callaghan Walsh is so intimately connected, quoted the modest sum of £7 10s. We leave the ratepayers to think the matter out for themselves, and if they know anything about fair trade and going to the cheapest market they will naturally come to the conclusion that there is something rotten in the state of Denmark! What about aldermanic trading now ? 