! OHÁPTEKII. . Luncheon that day ivas an exceedingly gloomy affair. Tho lawyer racked MS .brains for conversation, but for once could find none. Tho girls wore silent and without appetite. The sight of Cyril's vacant place choked Helen. - Mr. ; West- brook ate his cold, lamb, and salai with ostentatious affectation of enjoy meut; but old Bond could easily discerj, as he carried news to the servants hall, " that things were coming to a head." " I'll trouble you ic the drawingroom, Hiss Ferrers, for a few moments," said Mn Westbrook when, having finished he got np and pnsbed his chair from him : aud as the two went thither, Helen follow- ing her sister with anxious eyes, John Foster longing to be by her, perhaps all .four felt little easier than the lonely young culprit locked up in the library. He, to tell the truth, was not partic- ularly to be pitied: Having firm faith in his sister ho resigned all thought of tho j future to her, and, with the wisdom of his j few years was now. exercising, himself: on the burning topic of tho moment, ¿.e., how to give the jailer the slip ! " There yon stop still till I let ron out," Mr. Westbrook had skid. A boastful cock- crow that weat sorely against Squirrel's grain. Into durance vile ha gone çi'.eéç fully at OliveVasking, but out of it he fully meant tr» get without leave of any Mr. Westbrook. For means to this end he now systcinaticaUy Bot himself searching. The door'was fast; ho' question about that. He broke Iiis penkuife in a futile attempt to slip the.lock, and then gare it np. Naturally the window suggested it- self as the next best means of exit. TT.U forluiiately, that was full niue feet from tiie ground, the-Crangi front being well raised over a Hue bf cellars, aud, although the drop Was nothing to a boy of his weight, an auti- burglariocs row of posts with triple, well-spiked chains offered .serions objecttous to this manner of escape. What was to be done t* Squirrel planted himself in the middle ot' his prison and eyed' Ms surroundings inter rogativèly. lu front was that impractic- able window; boliiud him every inch of j wall, except the door space, -was lined with close-packed shelves of books-the same with the whole wall du the right hand.. Opposite this was the wide, quaint-tiled hearth under the shallow, high-shouldered chimney-pièce ; one side bf tho fireplace a small door' opened into a tiny back room, which Aunt Pleasauco used to call a sanctum ; on the other side' stood a bookcase of 4ft. high, above which hung a picture of the last Squire West- brook in a pigtail and a bright blue coat. As his quick .glance took all in, his. cell looked perfectly iron-bound, and. Squirrel's, heart sank' within him. Must he, after all, step there like/ a rat in a trap, mit to be let "out by ibst odious overbearing monster, Mr. Westbrook? Was there no chink he could edge him- self out by, no loop-hole ho could wriggle through? Tesl ,joyl there was! Oh, happiest of happy thoughts, whatabont the chimney? ' . Those smoky funnels at the Orange were none of your screwed-up, be-flued, modern contrivances, but> ample, generous air-pasBages,running boldly up from base- ment of roof i Cyril kne.^; all about them. He had personally inspecte^ the interior jot'one, when workmen had been repairing the many cornered'stacks aboyo, and had safely- worked his %a,y down to Olive's own bedroom. Now, if he could; only voyage upward from the library, cat-like ¿ange the tiles, and .descend again hy the qld route, what a capital joke it would be; Quickly as thought Oyril stepped on the stout -bars of the grate and! cautiously in- serted head and ' shoulders ; up the Inky * entrance. Hurrah! He could see a bit ot blue sky high up abift. Nimble as his namesake ho began tlie ascsut. A brick jutting here and thero lent friendly help, lie had to grope along with closed eyes, ¡for bits of mortar aud little hits of dis ! turbid soot came peppering about him. Careful and crab-like ho hauled himself tafoly up till nigh tho level of the library coiling. Then he nearly carno to grief. Ile seemed,to have got beautiful foot- hold on a brick or two, when he suddenly slipped. Down went one lng, but not down the chimney,, idowu the other side somehow. Preserving his balance witli difficulty Squirrel rubbed his dusty eyes with Ids grimy hand aud peered about him. Only 'fatút murky light struggle! to his aid, but he could just discern some- thing remarkably odd. Au opening there was on the left side of the chimney, fe)rft-: not more than 2ft. square, and Wie""* cavity beyond must be of soihe size, for as the lal inquisitively poked his leg about, it came in contact with no other wall. Whatever could this place be? A brickéd-up"cupboard perhaps; a hiding hole for cavaliers, ' priests, Jaco- bites, what not? Cyril's spirit bf ad venture rosewithin him. Iii forapeany, in'fora pound. He'd go through that hole and posibly ferret out tho secretó of centuries. Sb through he went, feet foremost this time, and easily enough, for what Mt like brick steps assisted his descent into à space which by faintest light and much patting mound, he discovered to be a small chamber matching in 3Îzc Aunt Pleasauce's sanc- tum the other side of the fireplace. ' Here was an exciting find ! How Êleasedcld auntie would have been to now it! As for that surly'Mr. West- brook, though, he should usvor hear of this romantic den. Cyril only tvishoi it had of been full of ghosts that would . come ont and scare him if he ever lived at the place. But ghosts in it were neither^' tangible or visible now. -tfi r . Ver so long nf stealthy creeping and feeling throughout its length and breadth. Cyril could find nothing but ancient cbb.vo s and layers of dust and debris, a wo id^u something, narrow table or shelf, a lo -kor fastening,, aud At that point of the invesli g't:on the bay ivas startled by sounds h, » >¡> ared strangely close, being, in fact, n's h.} Muon remembered, iu the adj.i<-<i!it. lib'ary. Semé ono spoke. It was t!mt nice fellow Poster, and his words were: "Now, Cyril, my lad,.if you'll just say to Mr. WestbrooK-- why, how's this ? T can't see him. Cyril! Where's ho vanished to ?" "Jumped'out of the window, PH warraut," ' r-isped forth; another voice (the enemy's}! " Expected a thrashing if he did. not eat humble-pie, and, by G^órge, he should have it, tvpo, if Pd my way." (Cyril tingle! with Wrath to the tips of his toes.) " I don't see how he could jump out herc without hurting himself" was the anxious answer back from the window way., "I do hope the boy is safe, His sister-1--" ,' ' ' "There, there," snarlöd the other gentleman. " Don't trouble to make a fuss over the yonng1 sneak-" (Cyril . clenched his dirty little fist' and almost wished he ' had not started on this chimney expedition)-" the "men about the grounds must look for him, and I'll rate him soundly when wo catch him. Now Pm going to look over, h'm--h'm my fàrms. I .wish yon good-day, Mr. Foster. If you will make it Convenient to be here by 10 o'clock to-morrow we'll meet in this room and can begin lo wind up matters." ; "Then, Miss Ferrers--." "Appears," with a grant, *f to desire perfect independence, sir, She caa have it if she chooses. So much thc better for my pocket. She gives her final decision in the morning. <3 bod afternoon." John Fester seemed to be staying ba* hind. Cyril heard him give a sigh thar was: half a groan. He was a regular good chap. The boy had half a mind to tap on the tliin panel . which divided them, and tell him so, bot another entrance checked him. It was Olive this time. "Oh, Mr. Foster," she began, *idid Cyril-where is he, please? Has Mr. Westbrook let him out?" "No, he let himself ¿ut, I fancy, by the window," was the response. "Pu hunt him np before I leave. We shall findhim all right. But, Miss FerrerB,can you- will' you-look on me just a&t; your niau of businesé-^as if I were wy father, in factP Will you tell me what Mr. Westbrook has offered; in lum of what everyone expected you and your brother and sister would hayeP" * " ' ' 0yr4^trameàiiis/ears. Ödlfe appear. e,d to hemtatft, then broke ont passionately. " What he has offered ! a pittance Mri Easter, that might, I suppose, just keen us from starving, but; which % mu8t yenly begin to starve before I could ac, capt on his terms. I am to make Cvril beg his pardon, and then, perhaps, only perhaps, he will get him au nfflee-boyfc .place with one of his partners at i Bristol. And to: Helen and mo tie offers £50 a I year, enough, he says, for us to live on ia lodgings, with Cyril's wages to help ! Mr. Foster, beggars mast not be choosers ; bat I thiuk I woald rather die than touch a peuuy from Mr. Westbrook." "And right yon aro, On YO," whi-spared Cyril hi his dungeon. "Bnt, my dear, dear MI'SB Ferrers, what is to bo dono? Wimm else, what else have you to turn to ?" "No one. nothing, or next to nothing. But, Mr. Foster, Cyril has something nearly two hundred pouuds I think, a godmother left him. ' Now, surely 1 can saud him to school with that, and I know when he's a little older he will work like a man to h?lp me and Helen." (" Won't I, too,V¡ murmured the sooty one ) " As for me; 1 will find some school where they jwfil. lH me teash, and Helen Can live t$ere ¿for my pay. It's only for her sake I^foet^it-? hard." ( " ïiière nowf; that's horrid ; Olive's crying',* 'mattered Squirrel, begriming his eyefiäs With hts own knucklés.) Mrí 'íFóstér 'seèiiied to walk up and downda lagitation ;1 then shut the library door and lmlted. ? "Mifs^tlcrrersii.ypur. plan, your déter- mination,,,are, worthyj.pf^you; bnt one thingsa»)s .y(o,u;. " Your pother's money cannot, I kiiow,' be tducliod till he is of n-g»» i'1 Vl'iMIlí'J ililli,! V i ;».ij . ''Tmm^ion1 wjm^bmÜiWe doT* " This ; tet nie ndvanete acóuj)Ib of hun- dred, iend it, givédtiitii ybn. -ötycwait a momently Leti;ino.itoll * you whatmo oue on ea^slioid4ibaye;kP9w^f ^«njd been rich ^.nrçsperpus.,,, ijbavejseen ymm and so 'forth ; I only know' my father's ¡ name has?-been ian honoured obe fer fifty: years, (and, ¡ please God, PU do nothing ¡te sully Ht, and if youUl share it with me, your brother and your sister shall be mino and you , shall'never knew a care that !. can e)iield yo.« from ! What, whit will ; yon say P" Cyril coull hear Olivé sobbing. He very nearly cont mit ted himself by:an! audible accorapanionent. («'John Foster,1'; you're a Trojan," said he "softly. ;41 If j Olive .will have youl will give you Toots, for a.-jwodding presant; 'bnt, now them harkV'J . .. . ?, ??. "1 can't, I can't ¿ay " Yes/ " ipliye j faltered. "It would. be, wiçkèd of mc.*'] " An you don't ¿are ifor: tie' ! V Yon] think nte presumptuous:" ' í: ? ?>'?-?'?? < " Presumptuous ! Mr. ' Foster, Aunt ' Pleasanoe always said you were far too'' good to be j us tu lawyer.* - 1 " And yow, yoM,;yonrself ?' rel. youngtóáni "BuCttpftrdusly, «can you ëvë*Iovèv TOOP"'"' f" "IMV." ."' :i ' "I^^tik^-l^attf' -/ul ii-<»l "Ottwaiany dearest". i;; .¡^-,; < < Then ensued some seconds oyor ; which Cyril ..positively Musked. v Love ecstasies are utterlyprep^starous to extremefont i. "Bupnow," said .Olive, p,;esetmyj in* such a changed"voice, "you must uever feelyenitbok'mei 'tbpk ^ds, out of pity; | Toa roast-be''- very'iobrtaiu ' bf your bwu ! mind before you tte yourself tb us penniless people/' .< ; ; iv..::-:: >.> '. ** ï «an never¡ ^e more certain: than np y,, < my Olive,'?,,,,v.:! . "? " Ah, but FpasliAil haye jame. ,to .think, about ii Ifonly vpnwilTseiid Cyril só'me* wheré; fchàt ranch'3 Ï'Viii' f-e Ht*k¿ of Îou, T^'8m\U'1pijy'dnrself-:hv0a,Adi Ky;1 tut fta^ OM*'«»y^''i!!»m-èan,^o",»'#<:r^ 'for' Helen;'as Iissid; ' Than if you *t Ui^wuntt] me-4~"; Froihitliat part ¡of her, itproj.M - she wasjmropyeable,,; tSn, witMatisfaotion-j enough in his hear^to t,idehim orer even.,] parted frbmnis new-lgamed love] " " ' '! OyriVhaa fô Muah'miÄ'ln^iy'Ä4! over the lovers' faro wells, arid thbn when' his solitude Was silent bdeë-more; i he set j about: thinking how to get out'of ^oafine-' j Forljreasons iof .his^w»,ja 4wontyrfoptJ aperture ' lowerëàÎ squatted1' _ txill-tale'sh6è's)lrettned'fe'fiud''th clear,?*heu warily ¿lipped off to hil »wn<| room,i fboltedj ; himself i lin, yand ./ eptent.^nc i hour t»^Ml^B9mMif^Mk^M^tiie madetM? ÏÏM/d,>M&^ I 