THE INSANE MINER. AN EXPERIENCE "WHICH PBOVED NEARLY FATAH. Some years ago business led me to "vuit and examine a number of tbe silver mines of Pern, and at one of these I met with a' strange aud thrilling adven- ture, I had obtained the nsnai permission to descend through tbe narrow shaft down into the dark bowelB of the earth, and a miner , named Pedro had been sent to me as a guide. I merely glanced at the fellow, in his coarse, close- fitting, dirty coBtume, with tbe lighted lamp depending from his skull-cap, and then told him to lead the way. i - I had visited so many mines iu my time that I looked for no novelty in the descent I was now about to make. The mouth of the present mine was only some six or eight feet in diameter, and the excavation was bnt a few degrees «w«i wiu < yaiynuuibtUM> vui tuc uta« two hundred feet oar descent, was by earthen stairs — or rather by a anoceesion of notches for our heels, cat in the soft, moist earth. Great care had to be ex ercised to prevent onr feet from slipping — -for, if the foothold were once lost, it might not be regained, and the death of tbe unfortonate individual would pro bably be the result, if not the destruction of all before him. On reaching the bottom of the first shaft, my guide, who bad not spoken since entering the pit, mlently motioned me -to follow him, and led the way through a broad, winding tunnel, from which many ethers branched off in dif ferent directions. These were old veins, that had been first worked and were now deserted, and presented nothing worthy of my attention. At length we came to another shaft, more perpendicular even than the first; and the descent of which was . by means of ladders, bat with rounds so old, worn and rotten that I was fearful every step would give way nnder me. In this manner, by easy stages, for we found a resting level at every fifty or seventy-five -feet, we descended to a depth of .perhaps five . hundred feet be low the surface of tbe earth, and came upon tbe miners actively engaged in get ting out the ore. The scene thus pre sented, when witnessed for the first time, has a strange effect upon the beholder, and if he is not reminded of certain regions that shall be nameless, then may we truly pronounce him deficient in the species of imagination which is the most fed by superstition. Strange, hollow, creaking, : groaning, rambling noises come rolling in upon his ear from every quarter, while his vision is limited to walls and gulfs of blackness, with . here and there a Bm≪, mysterious light, likie an tonis fatwus. moving slowlv about. add perhaps faintly revealing what seems a ghost, or a human shadow, with a pale, ghastly . face, played upon by the chang ing rays of the swinging lamp before it, so as to make it appear distorted and hideons. Haviug spent some three hoars in exploring and examining the mine, and thus completed the business which took mo down, I set out with my guide to return to the world above. DuriDg all the time he. had been showing me about from point to point the follow had been very quiet add .polite, Bpeaking only when addreissed, and then answering in a brief, civil, pointed and intelligent manner. On our way up the ladders he cautioned me more than once to be care- fol of my hold, and pointed ont two or three places were the rounds were more than asnally weak aud rotten. I men tion these things to show how little I could have been prepared for what fol lowed. On reaching the great tunnel, which wound around to the base of the first shaft, Pedro said, with a polite bow : If yonr worship will spare me a few miuntes of your time, I have something I wonld like to show yon.' ' What is it ¥ Come and see.' ' Is it for? Nothing of vast importance tehonld be thonght far !' was tbe equivocal reply: It is this way — pray follow me !' My: cariosity being a little excited, I rejoined as I went after him : ' Make haste then, Pedro ; for I am aoxioos to get to the fresh, pore air above.' Pedro quickened his pace, and I kept close behind him. Tarnlng here and .turning there, ont of passage into an other, the fellow continued walking rapidly for at least five minutes, by which time I had got completely be- wildertsd,and feared that he had or . wonld get so. At length, as I was . about to remonstrate, he suddenly came to a halt upon the brink of what appeared to be a dry well, the month of which was abont four feet in diameter, and the sides inclining oatward from the per pendicular, so that the bottom was sroader than the top, and the entire excavation slightly conical in form. ' Do yon see this !' exclaimed Pedro, turning his black eyes fail npon me,' with a peculiar, glittering sort of a look of 'triumph. ; - Isee it— yes--fl weU.' " ' 'Of silver, Senor — of silver Ha! ha ! Perhaps of gold, too, Senor. Who knows? And then- speak of. the dia monds in a Whisper, my friend, lest the waits should haveeara' I do not . JUideuteaa yop, .Pedro,', said I, wondering wlrat toe follow could: mean. ; v ". .. "V " \,v i , 'Why, do you not seief ' I.am' a moh- Atoh— a KingT ; : 1 s " ----J- =' - H I Ay,'me7tjnst;as yoq see :me"here|- althbqghat, prestot I J wrtjar. no 'royal robe.' s .i Theft. . is ft fait which is qaite .ftppa- rent,rs toriied L scarcely knowing whe- toer to langh or to look vexed. --f-Tiiys yonr Majesty; where is yodr kingdoml' : here r he, told, pointing dowri the well. Listen ! what lyabt'Js ;jirimB mihlster-bhe :wju> can.tend to. -my affairs when I am away. .Biat1! am J»ld the chosen one must be a .spirit; , andiiq.h mcirtal,";and' fejtiw1' pleasarela that you shaU-v"® - ln that 'cajiicity;! -. . As hejspeknhe sprang behind me; .; hhdpiisfieaftieso.suadenTy that, 'not being, -prepared for the assault; I went over the ffegC ql toe well $£0 fell heavily to the bottom, s distance iff; soihe fifteen feet, hut: fertnhatay with;, ipn|:.hiS'!bq'ne;; I varpto wjih, perfectpresenceof mmd.ahdaallooked np to toe iMntorted fece of the miner. who was 'now bending over and glaring down npon me, the whole troth flashed npon me: He vxa a maniac, and I was in. his power . It was a terrible discovery, to make in; my situation, and my heart fairly qdailed at the thought that the place might be my grave. It would be impossible for me to get ont withont assistance; .1 could not expect help from the madman who had pnt me there ; and what chance was there that any one else wonld find me, in that out-of-the-way place J These were my first thoughts, that flashed I through my mind in an instant, aod the 1 next were that I should humor the fei- 1 low foil into the train of bis insane ideas, j and try what I might gain by stratagem. 1 ' Ob, mighty Monarch of the Silver j Halls,' I said, ' I deeply thank yonr 1 Majesty for this evidence of : yonr royal | favor, and humbly beg to assure you I that already have I become a spirit and I yonr prime minister, only wishing to do j vnnr rnnl will' 1 'Yon look the same — we. see np change,' he replied, now using, the kingly plnral, 'and they told nsit would take many days to effect what we desire.' Who told yonr Royal Majesty this,!' Our subjects.' And is it possible your Majesty can J believe your plebeian subjects : before your noble minister ? ' We should not perhaps ; bnt days j are as nothing to a Bpirit ; and as yon I are now a Bpirit, we will leave . yon for j a few days, and then let you know our royal pleasure.' With : this he smiled a grim smile, waved his hand majestically, turned and disappeared. I called after bim, but he returned me no answer, and I could hear i his echoing footfalls slowly receding till they died ont in the distance. It was useless for ma to attempt to describe my feelings when I thus found myself left alone in darkness at tbe bottom of a pit from which I could not extricate myself, and in a part of a deserted mine, from which, if 1 were wholly free, I might never find my way to the world above. Though I" felt myself literally bnried I alive, yet I did not at first wholly des pair. A faint hope lingered that my guide might go back without me, his condition become known, myself bs missed and a search be instituted for | me ; bat then toe chances were so many against my ever being found while living that the thonght only gave me the feeblest ray of comfort, which finally went out in a horrible gloom that was worse than death itself For three mortal days and nights — the time of which was all one rayless, awful night to me— did I remain in that fearfol pit ; and then, nearly dead from hanger, thirst and despair, I felt as if I was going mad myself For along time I had called and shouted and shrieked for help, aud now, without the foiDtest ray of hope, I staggered around my prison, beiat my head against its earthern walls, tore my hair, bit my flesh, and shrieked because of the horrors that seemed to set - my brain on fire, and when at last I heard hnman voices, and saw lights flashing above me, I was ih that state when the mind, hovering on the verge of insanity, is not able to dis tinguish the true from the false — the real from the imaginary — and whether these were beings of earth or demons from: the other world, I had lost toe power to determine. My next remembrance is of finding myself in bed, and being tended with care ; bnt it was two weeks from the day I entered that mine before - 1 bad sufficiently recovered to relate my story I and learn of the manner of my discovery. Pedro, it aeems, had gone back to his j work in the mine as though nothing un- usual had occurred ; and subsequently, when questioned about me, he replied, in a very straightforward and intelligent mariner, that he had conducted me to toe npper shaft, and then'left me at my own request. It was there supposed I had gone out when no one was abont, and departed in a very uncivil way, and no search was made for me. In fact, "I owed my - life to accident — one of the miners, having occasion , to visit a dis tant part of the deserted veins, being startled by shrieks, the mystery of which he had tbe courage to investigate. My narration of the conduct and lan guage of Pedro was the first knowledge any one had of his insanity — though manv now remember somsthirie curious and singular connected with him. An investigation proved him non compos mentis, and he was removed to an asylum. X learned he had once been a lackey . to a courtier, which accounted for his snp- nnsintr himself a kins and nsine lanenaee becoming royalty itself. —N. T. Ledger. 