AMERICA AND AUSTRALIA. There is no more favored cry amongst .New South Wales protectionists than ' Look at America ! ' Viotoria for same time Bbared honors with the United States as a bright example of the benefits derived from a restrictive policy, but strange to say, she is re ceding into the background and her name is now but seldom heard. The one shoetanchor of the protectionist | how Is AmeriCd; Therein aro to be found all the Manifold blessings which naturally spring from the restrictive policy in full blossom. Tho land of 60 and 100 por coat, duties is at once the paradise of tho working man and tho elysium of the consumer. Muoh taxing, saith the protectionist, hath made America rich ; and pointing with iust pride and pleasurable emotion to this personification of his pat principle he loaves in the minds of his hearers and readers tho ineffaceable conviction I that as America has become so pros perous under hundred per cent, duties all that we have to do to make our selves doubly as prosperous is to tax ourselves 200 per cent. ! When people see held out to them a method at once so simple and so cheap, whereby they can change their country from one whose prosperity ouriously enough is retarded by bad legislation, rabbit plagues, and droughts, into one which by a dose of this universal panacea may be enabled to laugh to scorn the opera tion of certain fixed laws, what wonder is it that they turn restrictionists ? Dazzled by the brightness of the promise that if they will only follow the protectionist's advice they will have tho inestimable privilege of pay ing more for everything they eat and drink, numbers are daily won over to the other side, and with such a promise held out we can only marvel how it is that more — especially of the poorer classes— do not embrace the policy of restriction. America is not compared with Ger many, France and Russia, to prove her prosperity, for that comparison would prove nothing. If that were done we would find, on the one hand — .granting that America is the ptaca for the masses that she is said to be — a pro I tectionist country, in which the , ' people ' were well off ; but, on the other hand, we would find a protect ionist country in winch misery was even greater than in poverty-stricken New South Wales. Our friends take no notice of the fact that in compar ing the United States with England they are comparing a continent rich in resource and but sparsely populated, with a tiny tract of country little bigger (han Victoria and crowded to excess. In raking up illustrative com parisons to prove the beneficent operation of a restrictive policy, the pro tectionist sedulously avoids contrasting England with another old world country — the result would not suit his book ; ho must compare her with a country which is really a continent. And then, forsooth, he fancies he scores a triumph. Now, if compari sons are to be made to prove the bene fits of restriction, would it not be only fair to compare England with a Euro pean protective country, in which the conditions of population, etc,, were approximately equal. If this course had to be pursued we would soon find the restrictionist going out of the ' comparison ' lino of business. In regarding America, the fact is, we have always to keep in mind that we see there in operation what we may call continental freetrade ; a number of States which, although they are shut out from the world, have perfect liberty of interchange so far as they themselves are concerned. To this freedom, we would ask, how much is the boasted prosperity of America due ? And in the example of the great Republic what a warning is there against the disintegration policy of Australian restrictionists 1 In America we have a freedom of interchange which is analogous to that system which would permit the free exchange of commodities between all tbe Euro pean countries. And yet if one of our colonial restrictionists happened to re side in Germany he would loudly pro test against any proposal to a recip rocal treaty with other European countries on the ground that Germany's pauper labour would be still further pauperised by the free admission of tho products of the more highly paid labour of England. And in doing so he would pose before the people as their friend, and — more wonderful still — as a political economist, compared with whose teachings those of Adam Smith and those intervening down to Henry George were so much dirt. We hold that if America's ports were free to the world her prosperity would be enhanced tremendously ; but it is not our purpose to discuss this phase of the question. Granting, for ihe sake of an unobjectionable premiss, that the ' protection against the world ' is a good thing, we would ask, instead, how is it that if this is such a good thing the States prefer to have free trade among themselves 1 Surely, if protection between ' countries ' is good, it is equally good between ' States 'I Wo will be answered pro bably, Because there is a uniform rate of wages amongst the States ! But — with only a bare reference to tho fact that poorly-paid Germany is protected against highly-paid England — we would in reply ask, Why does Victoria wish to bo protected against New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, Western Australia and New Zealand? And why does New South Wales, similarly, cry for protection against all the other colonies? Of course, we hoar from many protectionists the parrot-like cry in favor of intercolonial freetrade, but actions speak louder than words, and the truo temper of the proteoted section is to be seen whenever the 'tariff revision'— as the raising of duties is with fine humor designated — takes place in Victoria. Wo would ask those who are in the van of the protection movement in this part of tho country to pause and think whither they are being led. They talk commercial federation ; they act separa tion. Every year of protection sees vested industries created and inoreased in each capital which combine to make federation of the colonies every day more impracticable. This is un doubtedly the case with manufacturers, but how muoh more with agriculturists. All that the colonial farmer wants now is protection from his neighbours. With intercolonial freetrade that will cease; then what protection will he have ? None whatever. Yet in the i meantinid, in order to gat his pricds raised fdr a year or two— until his production reaches export point — when they must suddenly fnllj lio is allowing the manufacturing duties tobeddubled and trebled. With intercolonial free trade he will have to bear the burden of these, or he must throw them off amidst an upheaval little short of a revolution. And overy step towards protection intensifies our future troubles. We are sowing to tho wind to reap the whirlwind. In face of this it behoves every man who feels any concern for the future of our glorious country — who wishes to see the colonies welded into a powerful nation, strong in a ' natural strength,' in pre ference to a group of hot-house weak lings — to stop and think j to pause before by 'his vote and influence' he adds another to the many barriers in the way of Australian unity. Tjie river report to-day shows that the water hus reached its maximum height at Hay, and it now falling. The orerflow water submerged a very great portion of land bB twoen the bridge and the hoipital, and on Sunday in one place tho water extonded to tho Water-atroot footpath. It is, however, now subsided, aod until another rise is re ported higher up tbo subsidence will continue. Ih our fourth page will be found our Mel bourne letter, a continuation of the ncoount of the exploits of the 11 Jubilee Plunger,' and other matter. Tub demand for seats at Professor Fay's entertainment to bo held to-morrow eveniog at the Academy of Music in aid of the hospital haa been unexampled. Up to 1 o'clock to-day no less than 144 seats had been reserved. All the front seats are taken, and many of tho second seats. The management desiro us to announce that after 1 o'clock to-morrow it will not be poasiblo to roserre aoata. Mr Justice Windeyer has acceptod with pleasure tho committee's invitation to be presont at the entertainment. The greatest interest is being manifested iu the seance, and there is littlo doubt that the audience tvill bo tho largest ever seen in Hay. At the police court, this morning, beforo tbe P.M., David Wilkinson was charged on tho information of Mrs Rowo with unlawfully detaining ono goat, the property of the com plainant, Mrs Pitt Btated that nho hid reared the goat in dispute, and gavo it to the complainaot, trho afterwards left it with witness for safe keeping. Whilo it was in wit ness' custody the defendant seized it and be now claimed it as his. Tho defendant stated that Mrs Howe had given him tho goat, and a witness called by tbo defendant stated he was present when tho goat was given to Wilkinson. Mrs Pitt put in a letter from Mr. Bowo which statod tint the defendant had- no claim on the disputed animal, Tho P.M. ordered tho dofoudant to give up the goat and pay the costs, 6s Gd. Annie Sinoliitoh waB charged at tho police court, this morning, with using obscene language at the Chinese Camp within tho hear ing of passers-by. The accnsed pleaded guilty, and was fined £3, or three months' imprisonment in Hay gaol. An additional Court of General Quarter -'eaaiona for the colony of New Soath Wales is appointed to be holdeu at Hay, oa Thursday, the 12th December. The Olerk of Petty Sessions desires us to intimate to owners of dogs that the police in tend making a raid on all unregistered animals at an early dato. Anyone owning a dog, therefore, would do well to register it forth with. Puotoouphs nnd prospectuses, together with copies of testimonials, of the St. Kilda Grammar School (E. L. Backhouse Esq, M.A„ L.L. B., principal), may be obtained on ap plication to this office. Ax advertisement appears elsewhere con vening a meeting of Presbyterians on Friday next, at tbe Freemasons' Hall. A reqaoit to call a congregational meeting having boon declined by tho pastor, the church U conse quently not available. Mr &. H. Qoiver, formerly P.M. at Wil cannia, died at Adelaide on 2Sth ult. At the Police Court this morning there wa« an unusually largo list of offenders. William Bowman was chargod with drunkenness nDd indecent exposure; he pleaded guilty and was fined 10s, John Foster was charged with being drunk and disorderly, and was Bned fls or 24 hours. Thomas Kelly plsaded guilty to being drunk and using obscene language and was fined 20s. William M'Donald pl.aded guilty to being drunk and using obscene lan guage mid was fined 10s. William Kamsav against whom there were eighteen previous convictions, ploadod guilty to boiug drunk and was fined 5a or 24 hours. The Edwards river continues to fall, and has now receded) 2ft. 6iu. The water is now completely off the road between north and eouth Deniliquin. Great damage has been done to this road as well ae many others It is satisfactory to note that a demand ie evidently sett'.ng in for squatting properties («aya The Argun). It was reported last week that Werai, in HiverinB, had boon sold bv auction, and yosterday Messrs Edward Tren chard and Co. reported having also aold by auction the Bingera station, Warrego district Queensland, with 9500 cattle at £3 por head. Thia price certainly doea not appear high, but it must bo borno in mind that tho tract of country sold with the cattlo is of limited ox tent, boing 530 square miloi, and it ia statod ' that by far the larger proportion of the stock consists of cows. Taking it altogether, tho sale may bo considered a very satisfactory A courANV, with a capital of .£200,000, for the purposo of purchasing tho rights to Mr F Y. Wolseley'e eheep-shearing machine, will be' placed on tho London market in the middle of tbis montb. At the Municipal Conference a motion in favor of tho presentation to Parliament of a Public Health Bill in conjunction with the Local Government Bill was passed, and it wasre»olved to send copies of the Bill al ready drafted to all municipalitiea for con sideration. A resolution was passed request ing the Government to insert a clause in tho Local Government Bill vesting all country cometsries undor tbo Municipal Councils na trustees with powor to pass by-laws for tboir maintenance. Another motion was pasBed askii-g for the insertion of a clauao empower ing Municipil Councila to assess and rate all Government land where improved: Mn. J. P. AnnoTT, who was announced to doliver au addros, on protection last ovening did not arrive on Satnrday evening as was expected. He will arrivo by train this even ing, and, as will be seen by advertisement olsewhore, will addresa a public meeting at tho Academy of Music on Thursday ovoning Messes Geosok Buttervtohtu and Co. have for privnte ealo that well kuown hostelrv the Bridge Hotel. At the police court thia afternoon ThoraaB Hopkins sued John Armstrong for £8 16s for 17 daya' labor, at 8a por day. Plaintiff bad been employed by defendant, who waa working for tbe Hoad, Department near the Quan donge. The evidence was to the effect that defendant had through illness been away from the job, leaving Hopkins and a horse and dray to do the work Defendant drew 12s per day from tbe depart' ment lor the work plaintiff aud tbe horse and dray were doing, and plaintiff sued for 8» per day. Defendant alleged that plaintiff bad Sot worked tho whole of tho time. Mr Robertsm who appeared for the plaintifl; pointed out that defendant had been piid fall time by the department, nnd that if tho work hod not been done ho had defrauded the Go vernment. The fact was he had got the monoy from tho Government and then tried to swindle the plaintiff out of the amount. The Bench aaia they were perfectly Bstiefied that plaintiff had worked every dar, for which he claimed paymout. A verdict was' accordingly given for tbo amount, levy ih dig treaa, «itk £2 2a coats, in default 14 d»y,' ia priionment. A rms* itieeting of creditofs in tho bank rupt osialo of John Fallon, baker, was held yosterday before tho District Registrar. T ti a insolvent was prosent, aud said ho did not drairo to amond hia schedule which ia ae fol lows:— Liabilities — Unsecured creditors, .£82 15s 7d; preferential creditors, £6; creditor* Partly secured (Wright, Heaton & Cj.), £139 12s 8d; total .£228 8s 3d. Assets— Good debts, £52 0s 8d; hor-o and waggonotto held uuder bill of sale by Mossrs Wright, Heaton and Co., £50; total £102 0a 8d. Doflciency, £10R 7« 7d. The meeting was adjourned to the 0th inst. The day being the Festival of S. Michael and All Angels, aervices of a special nature were held at S. Paul's on Sunday. In the mernieg twenty candidates were presented for confirmation. All of them wore from Hay and district, two com*og from the Pineridge, and tho number comprised twelve femalo aud eight male candidates. There was a largo congregation. After the Ntcone creod had boon recited tho incombent presented the candidates, and tho Bishop delivered two im* pre»ive addresses, one before and one after the laying on of handa. Hia uttoraucea were foundod on tho lesaona for tho day. Boforo the candidates went forward for confirmation the congregation, all kneeling, Bang tho hymn ' Come, Holy Ghost,' the effect beiog very aolemn. The female candidatoa wore dressed in pore white, wearing simple veils. The Church was chastely adorned with a profusion of flowers, moat of which camo from tho garden of Grooogat station. In the evening the aervice waa choral. Tho Rev. W. O. Pritchard preached a sormon ou the ' Minie try of Angels.' The text was from S. Mat thew, 6 chap. 10 v., and in the course of hia addreas the preacher alluded to the very fre quent reference made in Holy Scripture to the existenco of a ministry ot angelio beings, aud pointed out that aright understanding of these trutha holpod verv greatly to illuatrate the teaching contained in tho text. Tho angela guided ua in doing the will of God, both by the example of their worship and in obedience. Tho preacher exhorted hia hearers to tbe imi tation of thia example, pointing out how it soggeatod principles for tho conduct of wor ship, and gavo much practical help iu every day lifo. ^ A largo choir during the service eang Stainer's anthem ' I am Alpha and Omega,' Miss Taplin sustaining very succeaa fully the soprano Bolo. Whilo tho offertory wee being taken Misa Macarthnr sang in bean tifuljvoico and in charmingly oxpreBBivemannor Handel's y Angels ever bright and fair.' The congregation at tho evening Borvico was also a large ono. Attention is directed to the Roman Catholic Chorch notico oliowhero, announcing that mass will be colebrated at Pineridge on tlth and 20th inst,, and at Carrathool on 13th last. The pationts at the hospital aro frequently subjected to severe nervous shocks through the use of firearms in the neighborhood of the institution, and in eomo casoa the effects have been very bad. Thoro is a municipal by-law prohibiting the use of firearms within tho municipality, and it would bo well in tho in terests of the hospital patientB if the police took action unuer it in the event of the practice being continued. An Albury telegram stntos thot an impor tant and highly interesting experiment has just boon very Buccoasfully carried out in the Albury Hospital. A abort time eince a man 60 years of age was operated od fur hydatids, and after the operation he foil into a very low, almost moribund, condition. As the man was evidently sinking, Dr. Kennedy, one of the hospital surgeons, determined to try what ia known as the Brown-Seqaurd system for restoring vitality in aged people. This system, which has been the eubject of much discussion in tho EngH.h medical journals, consists of the hypodermic injection of matter from certain glonds of the lower animals. In this instance tho animal used was a ram. The injection was por/ormod a week aso, and was aoon productive of noticoibly g-od reaultn, perceptible in an improved circulation and gensral restoration of vigor. The improve ment has since continued, aud tho patient to-day felt himself so far roatored that he left his bod. The result iB considered strong evi denco in favor of the system. The adjourned meeting of tho Country Killed Meat and Food Transport Compauv waa held on Friday afternoon, at which im portant business was traoaacted. MrRuasell Barton occapiid the chair. Letters wore read from eeveml gentlemen regretting their inability to attend t*nd expressing their intention to aupport the movement. Several new members were added to tbe committee The proapectus was revised. The capital proposed ie £500,000, in 100.000 kbare« of £5 each, with power to increase to £1,000 000 The Mayor and others from Bourke were present, and correspjndeuce from Hay, Narran dera, and other places was read containing promises of eupport. Tho committeo meet next Thursday at 2.30 p.m. at 40 Hunter etroet. With a view to arranging for a memorial to tbe late Bev. Joseph Barnier, incumbent for miny years of St. Barnabas* parish, George street West, a public meeting was hold in the echoolroom adjoining the church last evening (.ays Friday's & M. Herald.) The Hon. P. L. C. Shepherd, M.L.O., pre sided. The meeting unanimously resolved that a tablet should be placed in tho church, a monument erected over the grave of tbe docoaaed, an oil painting hung in the vestry, nnd a photograph in tho schoolroom. It was also ogreed, subject to Mrs Bornier's appro val, that a fund be raised specially for tho benefit of Master Joseph Barnier. A com mittee was formed to carry out tho wiahea of the meeting, and eoreral subscriptions wero handed in. The following colloquy took place in the House on Friday : — Mr Lakeman inquired of the Colonial Secretary if tho Deniliqoin-Hay railway waa included in tho proposals to be submitted to Parliament tbis session. Sir Henry ParkoB said ho waB not in chargo of the railways, bat he was very mu'h afraid this lino would not be included. Mr Lakeman ? Who ia iu charge of the railwaya ? Sir Henry Parkes : Mr Bruce Smith Mr Lake man : I should like to ask him, unloas the Colonial Secretary can tell mo distinctly. Sir lionry Parkes : I desiro to aay distinctly that tho railway from Deniliquin to Hay is not among the propoaals to be submitted to Par liament this sosBion, but ' There's a good time coming.' (Laughter.) Mh. H. Stephen informs us [3. M. Herald) that ho haa received the lollowing communi cation from tho Under-Secretary for Works ? — 'Roforring to your letter of tho 31at ult.i in regard to the nuisance caused by the presence of Bathurst burr on tho roads of the colony, I am directed by the Secretary for Public Works to transmit herewith for your information a copy of a circular of instructions on tbe subject which has been Bent to the officers of tho Roads Branch of this Depart ment.' The circular ia as follows In order to prevent a, far ae posfible the con tinuous spread of Bathurst burr throughout the colony, officers in charge of road diatricts will pleaae give Btrict instruction, to main tenance men to keep the roads clear of burr moro especially during tbe months of Decem ber and January, as it is then the seeds take root in broken ground.' Now that w» bare payment of member, here, the following paragraph from the New Zealand Tmet of September 12 may be ot in terest ' The Government having considered the quostion of tbe attachment of a members' '10D°ffriam debt, the Premier reportod that they were of opinion that tbe simplest way out of the difficulty was by giving effect, bv legislation, to the views of the committee which considered the matter. He had, there fore, a short bill prepared, declaring the honor ariuni unassailable either in law or in equity. Tins bill would be retrospective. Ho moved that the Government be requested to brina iu a bill to that effect. Mr Ballance and Mr Bamoel objected on tbe ground that the com mitteehad declared thehonerarium not attaeh* moved au amendment that the Speaker's order be given efiect to, but that to make the thing more clear a bill should be introddecd. In the courae of his* reply, the Premier said tho Solicitor-Genoral was of opioion that under the present law the honor arium could be attached. A long discussion ensued, in the course of which Mr Saunders nupguted thaC inatiibora should obvUta lhQ»6 difficulties by tMying their debts, Sir John Hell, ai irtiairaJsn of tbe committee, | said be entiroly dissentod from the report brought up, believing that tlioHoasa should uphold the law. Tho motion fi r le&ro; to introduce a bill Was^ lost by &fty;»oine to thirteen. Tbe whole fubjejt was then dropped.' Mr. Ball's motion in favor of tbe abolition of the present system of Municipal rating and tbe substitution of a tax on land valuo only was passed at tho recent Municipal Cun* ference by 76 to 60 votes, A doputatioa was appointed to wait on tho Premier with h re quest to embody the principlo In tho Local Qovernmont Bill which ho had promised to bring forward. Tho .Mayor of Hay was one of those appointod. Thb Argus published on Saturday morn ing a telegram from their Auckland correspon dent stating that Archdeacon Julius, of ballarnt, had been elected Bishop of Christ church, New Zealand, The bishopric ie vacant by the resignation of Bishop Harper, through advancing age. A LAiios congregation assembled at tho Roman Catholic Church on Tuesday morning (»ays the Pastoral H mes) to witness the Uu U'Ual aud vory interesting ceremony con nected with the taking of the white veil by two young ladies. Mass was celebrated at ten o'clock by the Bev. Father Kioly, and after it bad been completed the more impos ing proceedings followed. Previous to this tho lady postulants ontered the chorch handed by the revorend mother of tho Beniliqnin Convent holding the processional cro-s aloft, and took their seats on tho left side of the altar. Thoy were tastefully arrayed iu bridal dresses with the utfutsl veil and oraogo blossoms, and after an impressivo addross on the solemnity of tbe event in which thev were about taking part, by the Kev. Father Kiely, they singly kuelt before the altar, and whon tho preliminary qoestions had been answered wero presented with tbo lighted taper em blematical of the light of tho faith to which they woro about dovoting their lives. They thon left tbe cbapel and returned iu the more sober raimeat of the noviciate. In tho mean time the service was continued and tbo moro solemn portion of tho ceromony was thon pro ceeded with. The two young ladies now known in religion as sister Mary Magdalen do Pazzio and sister Mary Aloysias, went through their rsther trying ordeal with considerable firmness, and mudo all tbo responses in a clear and distinct tone of voice. Iu the pros tration scene, in which the postulants lio prone on tho flooras symbolical of their utter humiliation and abandonment of the world, a thrill of feeling ran through the congregation, and a most impressive ceremony was brought to a close with tho benediction. During the proceedings cho choir sang some appropriate and beautiful music. Attention is directed elsewhere to Mr D» Berger's clearing sale advertisement, in which it is announced that poop'o may take away goods at tho lowest price their conscience will allow. — [advt.] Thb Commercial Hotel has beon thoroughly renovated and the proprietor, Mr R. M'Ken zi* will spare no expense to maintain its repu tation. Visitors from tho couutry will find the accommodation first class. The terms are very moderate, viz., Gs per day, or 30s por week ; permanent boarders 25s por wook. Good stabling aad convenient paddocks. A free cab meeU all trains. — [Advt,] Shears ! — Use only tbo Rikoer' shear*, made on the advice of practical shoarers from this district, and acknowledged to bo the beat sheep shears over introduced, make for us nnd sold only by us. Price 20s per packet or 40s per dozen, or delivered free by coach or rail at 21s per packet. Orders by letter mast be accompanied by caHh, money order, cheque or stamps. — Fay & Macluue, Universal Pro viders, Hay. Fay and Maclure, sole agents for the ? Ringor' ehi»ep shears, prico'20-t per oacket or 21s carriage paid to our address. Every pair of shears utampod 41 The Ringer' by Fay and Maclure, Hay. Thb sheep bred on tho Edwards River (says the B*lranald Recorder) has always been noted for their well defined aad large frames, and tho wool grown by them is w*ll known to be of superior quality to any in Riverina. In a recent iatue wo gave some weights of splendid fleeces shorn at Mooloomoon station (Messrs MacVeau Bros.) We now have pleasure in placing before onr readers the weights of some beautiful fleeces cut thic month on Moolpa station, which property has been so well and faithfully manage! by Mr W. J. Mein for the. past 20 years, and to who-e care and good judgment U doe, in a groat measnte, the high standard which tho Moolpa flock bas now attained. The following are the weigh1.* of the stuo rams:-— Ono station bred 6 tooth ram cut 17£lbs. ; throe 2 vear old station bred rams cut respectively 16J 18 andlOlbs.; three 4 year old rams cnt 16|, 15}, and 151bi. ; and four 5 year olds 16, 14£, 14^ and I41bs„ or an average for tho II stud rams of ISjlbs, A mob of 3000 4 tooth maiden ewes also cut an average of Olbs. 4ozi. of fine, bright, and clean wool. The station cnt a very largo and handsome clip in proportion to tbe sheep de pasturing, and the quality of the wool will bear most favorable comparison with any of tbe stations in Riverina, being bright, dense and soft, with a good length of staple and very ?lean, and always commands a high price in the London markot. Thb 'Conqueror' etched on every pair of genuine 'Conqueror' shears, which is reg stored.— Advt. 1)bap Forty STkaes. — The description of a simple remedy by which a complete cure of deafness aod noisos in tho hoad of 40 years standing has just been effected, will besont free to any one who applies to J.H.Nicholson, 176 William street, 'Melbourne. — Advt, 