THE BEAUTIES OF TENNYSON. -? THE wise old Kornan-and also as witty as wise-said three of the best things left for old age were' ' old books, old wine, and old friends,' and although poetry is never 'old,' for, if real, it lives in and for :and is of all time ; yet it is quite possible many of our younger readers may not have .seen the earlier works of Tennyson, and .whilst, to suit some of our elder ones, who have (and we take it for granted it is all of them), we feel assured this notice of an 'old book' (old, as books now count) may seem to awaken many a noble and loving thought in the one, and to recall many a jj Lord Tennyson. I -tender and happy memory ' of the days that Iare no more'in the other-days when the light of virgin love, the glamour of glorious hopes, and the reverent faith of youth in God's great future, fairer than the stars, helped them to dimly realize, when under the rapt influence of some sunset of .supremest splendour, or of a day dawn, when the world awakes to glory bathed in baptismal dew: what another great, poet sung of as being faintly seen with fervid ' spirit' eyes 'J he light that never was on land or sea, The poet's inspiration and his dream. Therefore we will not apologise for going back to the near past for the subject of oui notice, but rather believe that the genth reader willingly goes with us. Merely pre mising that it is to the book itself we wisl Ito direct attention, rather than to cull al the choicest of its beauties for enjoymen here, and hence many well-known beautifu poems may be conspicuous by their absence and we shall offer but one flower, pulled a random, here and there, so that, having onl; opened the gate to the whole ' garden o sweets,' he may thus gather whole armful I of posies of his own picking and at hi 'own sweet will'-and all the sweeter fo being thus self-gathered. . The quotations from his writings in th j literature of the period are 'thick as leave I in Yallambrosa,' although probably many a: appreciative reader, who has not seen all hi works, may not know from which tree in th 'Garden of Hesperides' the special Howe was plucked which he so much admires th perfume of, and we therefore quote a few c the best known ones, both as instances an as guides. LADY CLARA YERE DE YERE 'Tis only noble to be good ; i Kind hearts are more than coronets, ! And simple faith, than Norman blood. ; MORTE D'ARTHUR The old order changeth, yielding place to new, And God fulfils himself in many ways. * * * * More thingB are wrought by prayer than th ? world dreams of. EDWIN MORRIS { That was a god, and is a lawyer's clerk, I The rent-roll Cupid of our rainy isles. I THE POET f Dower'd with the hate of hate, the scorn of scorn, The love of love. ORIANA O breaking heart, that will not break, Oriana! All night the silence seems to flow Beside me in my utter woe, Oriana! THE MILLER'S DAUGHTER I loved the brimming wave that swam Thro' quidt meadows round the mill, The sleepy pool above the dam, The pool beneath it never still, The meal-sacks on the whiten'd floor, The dark round of the dripping wheel, The very air about the door Made misty with the floating meal. DREAM OE FAIR "WOMEN Her slow full words sank thro' the silence drear, As thunder-drops fall on a sleeping sea. * * * # My Hercules, my Roman Antony, My mailed Bacchus leapt into my arms ! NOT NAMED Where freedom broadens slowly down From precedent to precedent. # . *. '* * For all the past of Time reveals A bridal dawn of thunder peals, Wherein thought hath wedded fact. LOCKSLEY HALL As the husband is, the wife is . . . 0, the child too clothes the father with a dearness not his due. Comfort? comfort scorn'd of devils! this is truth the poet sings, That a sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier things. Woman is the lesser man, and all thy passions, ïnatch'd with mine, Are as moonlight unto sunlight, and as water unto wine. Not in vain the distance beacons. Forward, forward let us range, Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change. Thro' the shadow of the globe we sweep into the younger day: Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Cathay. The distinction between the blind desire to die and the want of vital energy which per se leads to indifference for life is wonder- fully clearly shown here : THE TWO "VOICES ' Whatever crazy sorrow saith, No life that breathes with human breath Has ever truly longed for death. ' 'Tis life, whereof our nerves are scant, Oh life, not death, for which we pant; More life, and fuller, that I want.' Is not this perfect? OENONE Idalian Aphrodite beautiful, Fresh as the foam, new-bathed in Paphian wells, With rosy slender fingers backward drew From her warm brows and bosom her deep hair Ambrosial, golden round her lucid throat And shoulder : from the violets her light foot Shone rosy-white, and o'er her rounded form Between the shadows of the vine-bunches Floated the glowing sunlights, as she moved. Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control, These three alone lead to sovereign power. Yet not for power (power of herself Would come uncall'd for) but to live by law, Acting the law we live by without fear ; And, because right is right, to follow right Were wisdom in the scorn of consequence." IN MEMORIAM has perhaps taken a greater grip of the very heart-strings of the present generation than most other of his poems even, for it echoes whilst it sympathises with and soothes the innest of thought which is so marked a feature of the times, and. is the very spirit of the age LIV. Oh yet we trust that somehow good Will be the final goal of ill, To pangs of nature, sins of will, Defects of doubt, and taints of blood ; That nothing walks with aimless feet ; That not one life shall be destroy'd, Or cast as rubbish to the void, When God hath made the pile complete ; That not a worm is cloven in vain ; That not a moth with vain desire Is shrivel'd in a fruitless fire, Or but subserves another's gain. Behold, we know not anything ; I can but trust that good shall fall At last-far off-at last, to all, And every Avinter change to spring. So runs my dream : but what am I ? An infant crying in the night : An infant crying for the light : And with no language but a cry. LV. The wish, that of the living whole No life may fail beyond the grave, Derives it not from what we have The likest God within the soul ? Are God and Nature then at strife, That Nature lends such evil dreams? So careful of the type she seems, So careless of the single life ; That I, considering everywhere Her secret meaning in her deeds, And finding that of fifty seeds She often brings but one to bear, I falter where I firmly trod, And falling with my weight of cares Upon the great wo Id's altar-stairs That slope thro' darkness up to God, I stretch lame hands of faith, and grope, And gather dust and chaff, and call To what 1 feel is Lord of all, And faintly trust the larger hope. LVI. * So careful of the type ?' but no. Frum scarped cliff and quarried stone She cries, 'A thousand types are gone : I care for nothing, all shall go. ' Thou makest "thine appeal to me : I bring to life, I bring to death : The spirit does but mean the breath : I know no more.' And he, shall he, Man, her last work, who seem'd so fair, Such splendid purpose in his eyes, "Who roll'd the psalm to wintry skies, Who built him fanes of fruitless prayer. Who trusted God was love indeed And love Creation's final law Tho' Nature, red in tooth and claw With ravine, shriek'd against his creed Who loved, who suffer'd countless ills, Who battled for the True, the Just, Be blown about the desert dust, Or seal'd within the iron hills ? No more ? A monster then, a dream, A discord. Dragons of the prime, That tare each other in their slime, Were mellow music match'd with him. O life as futile, then, as frail ! O for thy voice to soothe and bless ! \\\ hat hope of answer, or redress? Behind the veil, behind the veil. cxvin. Contemplate all this woik o£ Time, The giant labouring in his youth ; Nor dream of human love and truth, As dying Nature's earth and lime, But trust that those we call the dead Are breathers of an ampler day For ever nobler ends. They say, The solid earth whereon we tread In tracts of fluent heat began, And grew to seeming-random forms, The seeming prey of cyclic storms, Till at the last arose the man ; Who throve and branch'd from clime to clime, The herald of a higher race, And of himself in higher place, If so he type this work of time Within himse'f, from more to more ; Or, crown'd with attributes of woe Like glories, move his course, and show That life is not as idle ore, But iron dug from central gloom, And heated hot with burning fears, And dipt in baths of hissing tears, And batter'd with the shocks of doom To shape and use. Arise and fly The reeling Faun, the sensual feast ; Move upward, working out the beast, And let the ape and tiger die. THE DAY- DREAM And far across the hills they went In that new world which is the old : Across the hills, and far away Beyond their utmost purple rim, And deep into the dyin£ day The happy princess follow'd him. THE LORD OP BURLEIGH With the burthen of an honour Unto which she was not born. THE PRINCESS Till at last she set herself to man, Like perfect music, into noble words. ' There are as good fish in the sea as evei came out of it,' and- whilst the above ex tracts are the few that strike us most for< cibly from memory, there are numbers oi others as good, if not better, which wil remind the reader on his ramble througl the book, if he is not even already aware o' them j and specially in ' The Princess' arc these ' frequent words of wisdom' for th< training of the ' mothers of the future which it would be well for all those to tak( seriously to heart who are anxious to unsea the gentler sex with dry- as-dust studies ii * isms and ologies,' in preference to en larging her moral nature and strengthening her physical frame, for the ' motlier malee, the man,' and unless her heart be large, anc her pulse beats firm, she can never rear a rac< of real manly men or pure womanly womer fitted in body for this world, and in sou for the next, for The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world. We are heedlessly destroying the brain and bone and nerve-life of the present generation of boys between the vital period of four and fourteen, by our night-study and over-forcing ' public school' system ; but what will or can the coming generations of man be like if we are also going to destroy what little stamina foolish fashions and unwise diet has left on girls hitherto by a hot-house education and ' forced' competi- tion examinations, and useless university honors -likewise ? The wiser Greeks culti- vated and studied the body equally with the mind, and over-cultivated neither ; and they stamped their power, their poetry, their arts, and their philosophy indelibly on the ages, and their enduring mint-mark is that of Time. Will Britannia be able to say as much in only another century even, with our false and pernicious and growing system of ' hurry and worry' with the over-young of - both sexes ? The loving wife and tender mother whose degrees have been fairly earned and learned at ' Home,' and whose 'higher' education is that of the heart and the soul-the only real education for Eternity, whilst that of the mind is merely for Time-is the real and fitting wife and helpmate for the real man, and the God-appointed mother of the world -, and in his praise of the ' Princess,' Tennyson as pithily and forcibly as truly sums up the whole philosophy of woman's rights and. woman's mission thus The bearing and the training of a child Is woman's wisdom. And just so far as woman is wise enough to understand her true mission and act up to it reverently and lovingly, so likewise will the ' heir of all the ages' become fitted or other wise to fitly develop into the inheritor of : 'J Eternity and a child of Heaven. The great Burke said, ' The age of chivalry is passed,' and if he be also a prophet for the future it may well, therefore, happen that with the sifting of time the ' Idylls' will take second place to ' In Memoriam,' for the latter will never grow old nor get out of place nor at variance with the spirit of the time so long as there is one weary human heart, or one soul which sorrows without hope, or one sadly questioning spirit which echoes There lives more faith in honest doubt, Believe me, than in half the creeds ; and, therefore, whether for sympathy with that sorrow, which comes to all of woman born sooner or later, or for high fellowship, with that dash of chivalry which still pulses more or less in our British blood-.despite Burke and Bright and Cobden-Tennyson will still hold in the future a place in the hearts and homes of our children us he now holds it in ours in the present. But whilst the ' In Memoriam' can be opened and read at random as the ' spirit moves,' the ' Idylls' should be read as a whole, as their principal charm consists in the chivalric, manly, Christianlike spirit which animates and blends them all in one-as porch and pin- nacle, tower and spire, ' dim religious aisle,' oriel casements glowing purple and golden with the glory of saints and martyrs, and over all the thunder psalm of harmony which mounts heavenward, blend together in grandeur and sweetness to form the solemn splendour of a cathedral, whilst the stately march of the verses, so nobly proportioned to its noble subject, carries the reader on from idyl to idyl with a power and a charin all its own, and only leaves him the regret at the end that it is not the beginning. Posterity is doing that justice to the aim and action of the late Prince Consort which his compeers were all too slow to acknow- ledge as his due during his short lifetime, and the dedication to the ' Idylls' is a noble tribute to his kingly worth conceived and expressed in that true spirit of chivalry which is the life's breath of the bard and his heroes These to His Memory-since he held them dear, Perchance as finding there unconsciously Some image of himself-I dedicate, I dedicate, I consecrate with tears These Idylls. And indeed He seems to me Scarce other than my own ideal knight, * Who reverenced his conscience as his king ; Continued on page 21. Whose glory was, redressing human wrong ; Who spake no slander, no, nor listen'd to it ; * * * * With what sublime repression of himself, And in what limits, and how tenderly ; Not swaying to this faction or to that ; Not making his high place the lawless perch Of win0-'d ambitions, nor a vantage-ground For pleasure ; but thro' all this tract of years Wearing the white flower of a blameless life, * * * * Before a thousand peering littlenesses, In that fierce light which beats upon a throne, To do the highest work of the world a noble doer should be nobly mated, for the flower of a perfect love in youth develops into the mellowed fruit of a ' soul in soul ' I friendship in midlife, and the twain become ¡ as one blending of power and gentleness i which last is, after all, only the higher and I holier form of all true force ! And Arthur, passing thence to battle, felt Travail, and throes and agonies of the life, Desiring to be join'd with Guinevere ; And thinking as he rode, ' Her father said That there between the man and beast they die. Shall I not lift her from this land of beasts Up to my throne, and side by side with me P What happiness to reign a lonely king, Vext-0 ye stars that shudder over me, 0 earth that soundest hollow under me, Vext with waste dreams ?. for saving I be join" d To her that is the fairest under heaven, 1 seem as nothing in the mighty world, And cannot will my will, nor work my work Wholly, nor make myself in mine .q.wn realm Victor and lord. But were I join'd with her, Then might we live together as one life, And reigning with one will in everything Have power on this dark land to lighten it, And power on this dead-world to make it live. * * * * And Aithur said, ' Man's word is God in man : Let chance what will, I trust thee to death.' * * * * For I was near him when the savage yells S Of lither's peerage died, and Arthur sat Crown'd on the dais, and. his warriors cried, j ' Be thou the king, and we will work thy will Who love thee. ' Then the king in low deep tones And simple words of great authority, ' j Bound them by so strait vows to his own self, ] That when they rose, knighted from kneeling, some Were pale as at the passing of a ghost, ' Some flush'd, and others dazed, as one who wakes 1 Half-bHnded at the coming of a light. ] ' But when he spake and cheer'd his Table Round With large divine and comfortable words Beyond my tongue to tell thee-I beheld From eye to eye thro' all their Order flash A momentary likeness of the King : And ere it left their faces, thro' the cross And those around it and the Crucified, Down from the casement over Arthur, smote Flame-colour, vert and azure, in three rays, One falling upon each of three fair queens, Who stood in silence near his throne, the friends Of Arthur, gazing on him, tall, with bright Sweet faces, who will help him at his need.' * * * * So make thy manhood mightier day by day ; Sweet is the chase : and I will seek thee out Some comfortable bride and fair, to grace Thy climbing lifë^jand cherish my prone year, Till falling into Lot's forgetfulness I know not thee', myself, nor anything. Stay, my best son ! yetare yet more boy than man. Then Gareth, ' An ye hold me yet for child. Hear yet once more the story of the child. For, mother, there was once a King, like ours The prince his heir, when tall and marriageable, Ask'd for a bride ; and thereupon the King Set two before him. One was fair, strong, arm'd But to be won by force-and many men Desired her ; one, good lack, no man desired. And these were the conditions of the King : That save he won the first by force, he needs Must wed that other, whom no man desired, A red-faced bride who knew herself so vile, That evermore she long'd to hide herself, Nor fronted man or woman, eye to eye Yea-some she cleaved to, but they died of her. And one-they call'd her Fame ; and one -C Mother, How can ye keep rae tether'd to you-Shame ! Man am I grown, a man's work must I do. Follow the deer? follow the Christ, the King, Live pure, speak true, right wrong, follow th King Else, wherefore born ?' In this last stanza is the key-note of al bhe ' Idylls,' and may it serve in som legree, however slight, in these selfis mammon-accurst days, to strike an answei lng chord of Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control, For these three lend to power n the breast of every reader of them, I ie gentle or simple. To give the title of all Tennyson's poen would fill a column. Suffice it, therefore, i rightly epitimise them thus: - His fir efforts-Juveiiilia-among which is the well known ballad of Oriana, contains 43 ; The Lady of Shallott series, amongst which is the oft-quoted Mariana ; The Lotus Eaters, and that most perfect gem, (Enone, 23; English Idylls, amongst which is the Morte d'Arthur and the world-known Locksley Hall, 38 ; Enoch Arden and the Princess series, amongst which is that song which literally ripples, both words and music, The Brook; also The Charge of the Light Brigade, The Northern Farmer, &c;, &c;, in all 37. Then, the work by which, perhaps, he is best known and most loved for, the In Memoriam; then Maud, and finis coronat opus, his splendid 'unde' of highest manhood and noblest chivalry, The Idylls of the Iting ; followed by his later works, the dramas of Queen Mary, Harold, The Cup, &c;, &c;, forming in the whole a collection of poetry which, with perhaps the exception of Shakespeare, Shelley, and Byron, contains as many, if not more, gems of thought, felicities of expression, and beauties of style, built upon a foundation of purity of mind and elevation of taste as any other English writer can boast of. He has been so long before the public his first works being published we believe about 1830 - that many of his thoughts have had time to sink into the hearts of the people, and thus already become household words, for his is the true catholic spirit of real art, and he writes for all classes and all men, and, as we believe, also for all time. But whilst the village maiden can sympathise with the tender pathos of the Queen of the May, and the strong- sinewed yeoman enjoy the sturdy selfish common sense of the Northern Farmer, the higher intellect and the chivalric soul can find ample food both for deep thought and suggestive introspec- tion in such high-class standards of culture and feeling as The Idylls of the King, In Memoriam, Tithonus, (Enone, Lucretius. &c;, &c; whilst to that large and unfortu- nately increasing class of ' brain-workers' whom the exigencies of modern business based upon the tireless rushing activity oi steam and electricitymake old men of, ere they are fairly young ones, and break down into 'utter weariness' long before their time, the mild melancholy and tired sadness of the Lotus Eaters will at once voice for them all they dimly feel and suffer, and soothe them more or less with its sympathy of tone and treatment, and its happy picture of restfulness and calm. And does not this extract breathe the very soul of tired repose ? i. There is sweet music that softer falls Than petals from blown roses on the grass, Or night-dews on still waters between walls Of shadowy granite, in a gleaming pass ; Music that gentlier on the spirit lies, Than tir'd eyelids upon tir'd eyes ; Music that brings sweet sleep down from the bliss- ful skies. Here are cool mosses deep, And thro' the moss the ivies creep, And in the stream the long-leaved flowers weep, And from the craggy ledge the poppy hangs in sleep. II. Why are we weighed upon with heaviness, And utterly consumed with sharp distress, While all things else have rest from weariness ? All things have rest : why should we toil alone, We only toil, who are the first of things, And make perpetual moan, Still from one sorrow to another thrown : Nor ever fold our wings, And cease from wanderings, Nor steep our brows in slumber's holy balm ; Nor harken what the inner spirit sings, ' There is no joy but calm !' Why should we only toil, the roof and crown of things ? vu. But, propt on beds of amaranth and moly, How sweet (while warm airs lull us, blowing lowly) With half-dropt eyelid still, Beneath a heaven dark and holy, To watch the long bright river drawing slowly His waters from the purple hill To hear the dewy echoes calling From cave to cave thro' the thick-twined vine To watch the emerald-colour'd water falling Thro' many a wov'n acanthus-wreath divine ! Only to hear, and see the far-off sparkling brine, Only to hear were sweet, stretch'd out beneath the nine. VALE. 