ART & LITERATURE That vory unploaBnut; ox-King Milan of Sorvia is going to writo : hia autobiography with tho intention of presenting the volumo to his son, tho.p'ros'out kiiig, whon tho youth reaches liis majority. The first volume of anothor ' aorios' has just mado its appcarauoo in London. Thisia 'Baron Munohauson's Travels,' illustratod with Crowquill's origiual blooKa. Tho Lotos Sories ia tho nnmo of this now enterprise. Two styles of binding aro iisod. A brilliant but dissipated English writer onco gavo this queer oxquso for yielding to 1 flowing bowl' temptations : ' VVell, tho truth of tlio matter is that I havo to stupofy myself to a. certain oxtant boforo I can fully enjoy nn ordtuary conversation.' It was an arrogant biit apparently porfootly frank re mark. Tho soorot of Thaokoray's influonoo hardly apponi'B on'lho surfaco. . Had ho boon a sa tirist puro and simplo, ; tho most, dolicato humour would sburcoly fcommend him to an ?ago whioh suitors from indigestion of thought and can only ponoodo tho 'ghost cf a smilo to burlesqub itsolf . Somo fow of us, no doubt, of 'wondorful rbservo powor, oan boar tho bxtra strain of obsorvimt humour. For thorn tho turmoil has its compousations, and siitiro ooms tho Bait of Hfo. Fur tho rest, Thaok soray would taste liko a dry and bitter orust, but for a oharaotoristio moro winsomo than it — viz., follow-fooling. IIo walks armin arm with the roador through' tho world of motivb and action ; and ho rings out his eommonts without thinking to wound you, or 'laughing in hia alcoves at you, liko Disraoli. Indoodho is oonfidentyou will fcol as 'ho docs, for his indignation is real and natural, unalloyed by: tho wish' to prove his powors; or satisfy a soorot bit tornoss. — Atalanta. 'The Surprising Adventures of Baron Mun ohauson, are beliovod to hn vo been written in English by a Gorman — half savant, half rogue— named Eu'olph E. Raspo, who, after stealing a oaso of valuable medals from the museum at Cussel, took refuge in England. Here ho was elooted a Follow of tho Royal; Society, and was subsequently expelled from that learned body. Ho died in Ireland in 'M79 Tho first edition of ' Munchauson's Travels' was published at Oxford in 1780. It was said to be a satire ou tho tho momories of tho Fronoh travollor and diplomatist Baron ,do Tott, though a sequel wus dodicated to our own African oxplorer, James Bruce. But Eaopo certainly stolo a good many of his storios, as ho stole tho medals. Some are takon from Luoiau's ' Icaro Mcnippus.' Two aro traced by Southoy to a Portuguese periodical. Tho tunes i'rozon in a post-hoin may havo boon suggested oither by, tho account of tho battle between Araasphiaus and Nepholobites, in Rabelais, or by Addison's woU- known essay iu tho Tailor. Munohauson has been illustrated by Eowlandson, Cruiok Bhank, aud Gustavo Duru. 