i GRETNA GREEN MARRIAGES. -'- (From the London Daily Telegraph.) Everybody knows that Gretna Green as a matrimonial institution is dead, but its ghost still haunts the law courts, and on Saturday it appeared before Mr. Justice Butt. Forty-three years ago a young girl, not yet sixteen, was living with her parents at Tower House, Woodchester, in Gloucestershire. She met Mr. Charles Gardiner, and it is needless to say they loved. " They made up their minds to get married, and without the leave of their parents " ; so they secured the aid and company of a Mr. and Mrs. Smith-names that rather spoil the romance and arranged for an elopement to Gretna Green. At that time those marriages were legal, even if the parties contracting had only just arrived on Scottish soil their steeds still smoking with the hot haste made to escape capture by an angry father. The young girl of 1846 is now a lady not for from 60 and she deposed before the Divorce Division on Saturday to the fact of the marriage. She remembered the " ceremony, which seemed short and simple. Her husband put a ring on her finger ; a few words were spoken ; Thomas Little, who officiated on the occasion, joined their hands and said, "Now you are man and wife, after which she signed a paper. She did not know anything about Little, except that he was a short, stout man, and wore breeches and gaiters." There were " no prayers," but he charged five guineas. He had also evidently a Caledonian and a fatherly eye for a further gratuity, for" he wanted his son to play the bagpipes." The young lady thenceforth lived with her husband as his wife, but her father was "fidgetty," and in a little more than two years she went through a second ceremony of marriage in England, and in the usual way. In the interval between the two rites of the Gretna Green affair can be called a rite-a son was born, and the question that came before the Court on Saturday was as to the legitimacy of that son. He, therefore, applied to the Court to declare his mother's first marriage valid, and his Lordship issued a decree accordingly. So after 43 years the " married rites " performed by " a short stout man, in breeches and gaiters," the absence of prayers, and the silence of the bagpipes ore supplemented by the formal decree of an English Judge, and the ghost of old Gretna Green returned by the Scotch express to his " remote, unfriended, melancholy, show" little village, no longer enlivened by post boys' horns or conjugating blacksmiths. The romance that surrounded Gretna Green at one time was partly based on something like superstition. It was believed to be a legalised place for runaway marriages, and in the eyes of flurried brides the " blacksmith " was a kind of authorised official. The fact simply was that Gretna Green was the first village in Scotland by the Great North road ; the blacksmith's house was "handy," and like all village forges, offered on open and warm welcome. It was not really needed, for the young couple after crossing the Border could have taken the postboy to witness they were man and wife, and it would have been as good a Scotch marriage as that performed by the blacksmith for five guineas, and would have required neither ring, certificate, nor bagpipes. The essence of the Scotch marriage was and, in fact, is that the intention of two persons to get married is the main thing. That intention may be proved in many ways by the evidence of bystanders who heard it expressed, by a letter, by a few words in a book given " to my wife," by habit and repute, or by other means. The blacksmith was simply a well-known person who could be found when wanted, who kept a register of the marriages he witnessed, and before whom the marriage could be more or less publicly performed. On the other hand, it must be noted that the more utterance of a declaration of marriage by both parties will not, according to Scotch law, make a marriage unless the parties mean it to be a contract. For instance, it is sometimes said that if two young people of opposite sexes stand up in Scotland, and for fun, go through a mock marriage, they will find them selves really united. This is not the foot. It has also been held by the Scotch Courts that two persons forced to shelter themselves in a remote hotel, and calling themselves husband and wife, merely to obtain a room for the night, are not married by Scotch law unless, . they showed by their subsequent conduct that they meant to be married. This principle of the Scotch law was adopted by on English Court a few your s ago. A young heiress got somehow under the influence of a young man in society, who made love to her, borrowed money from her, and involved her in the toils of the money- lenders. He then brought such pressure to bear on her that he forced her mentally, if not physically, to meet him at a registry office, and go through the bare form of the necessary words. She left him immediately after this " unadvised and sudden" contract, and refused to consider herself his wife. Finally, by the advice of her mother, she Bought the dissolu- tion of the contract. She admitted that she said the words and signed the book, but declared that she did so because she believed that she would thus clear him and herself of debts ; who did not mean to be his wife. Fortunately for the foolish girl the Court mercifully released her, taking the Scotch view that in marriage intention is everything, and forms of no importance. The case on Saturday bad one weak point, but, as there was no eager opposition to the declaration of validity, it was not pressed. Mrs. Gardiner's first marriage was perfectly valid, according to the laws of Scotland and of England at the time ; but the subsequent ceremony, though intended to make assurance doubly sure, really throw a doubt upon it. This is what upset Mrs. Yel Morton's celebrated case. She was married to Major Yelverton in Scotland, and was legally his wife; but she was a Roman Catholic, and when she went to Ireland she begged him to marry her strain before a priest; so they were married in a country chapel. Here then was a lady married first and validly according to British law, and secondly by a priest of her own Church on Irish soil. Yet she was not secure. for the counsel of Major Yelverton contended that the Scotch coupling was not considered or intended by them as a real marriage, else they would never have got married on Irish soil, so that legally they must be considered as persons who had lived together as man and wife in Scotland, and then got married in Ireland. That was so decided by the House of Lords. But then was not the Irish marriage good ? No, for Major Yolvor ton's lawyers discovered an old Irish Act of Parliament making Invalid any marriage performed by a priest alone between a Protestant and is Catholic, and Major Yelverton was nominally a Protestant. Thus this unlucky twice " married " lady was declared not married at all. Mrs. Gardiner on Saturday was more fortunate. Gretna Green was said to be " killed " by the Act of 1856, and as a place whereolopements wore legalised no doubt its glories have departed. The legality of Scotch marriages, however, still survives. Any person residing in Scotland three weeks can got married after the informal Scotch manner, and the marriage will hold good. In fact, elopements might still be conducted in a circuitous fashion. The gentleman could go first, reside at Gretna Green for three weeks, then be joined by his bride, and marry her on the spot. Other things, however, have put an end to this form of romantic marriage. In the days of posting the eloping lovers had every advantage. The young gentleman could arrange beforehand for relays of horses ; the pursuing size could not do so, not knowing the date of the preparations for flight. Then it was said that the innkeepers und poBtboys always favoured the fugitives. If the fathers generally over- took the runaways it would have been bad for trade ; therefore the old gentleman did not always secure the freshest or best steeds, and it was surprising how often his post boys found a linchpin loose. Again and again was the rattle of the pursuers coach heard when the knot was securely tied but not until then. Nowadays there are" no coaches, but express trains and the telegraph wires could anticipate the lovers, and possibly secure delay, if not deten- tion. Also marriages in England have been made so easy that there are Gretna Green at our very doors. Three weeks' notice to a registrar, and a quarter of an hour's absence from home, will bring about a marriage without any one being the wiser above all, not the man and woman who are wed. in London and large cities also the calling of banns at a parish church is very insufficient publicity when so many families attend favourite proposers elsewhere, and may never hear that their Mary or Ethel or Constance is about to marry in three weeks "that" impecunious young Brown. Thus Gretna Green still virtually lingers with us. Magnetic attraction or something else forces young girls, otherwise intelligent, attractive, and even intellectual, to fix all the love of their young hearts on the wrong man. Fathers threaten, mother when, brothers call him, or prove him to be, everything that is unsuitable, or even bad ; she will not listen, or refuses to believe. One day the street-door is open, and she leaves her father's house to fix her own destiny perhaps to love him always in spite of all his faults or even vices, or to repeat once and that for life. So Gretna Green, or what it once signified, lives for ever in human hearts. ===== 