Working Out What is Worked In. BY THE EEV. C H. SPURGEON. " "Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. Por it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure."-PHILIPPIANS ii. 12,13. I have frequently heard these words addressed to an indiscriminate audience, and it has always struck me that they have thereby been twisted from their right meaning. They are, beyond all question, addressed to those who are already Baved through a living faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. Tho Bible ought to be treated in conformity with common BenBe, as you would use any other book. If you took tho writings of any author, however carefully he might express himsolf, if you picked out a sentence here and a sontonco there, you might make the man say what he never believed ; nay, even make him tho Bupporter of opinions which he abhors. So with tho Bible : If you pay no regard to the connection and general run of the passage, you miss the mind of the spirit, and rather thrust your own mind into God's words than bring out God's mind from the words of the Holy Ghost. The exhortation before us is solely given to the people of God, and I feel it to be more than my conscience could endure to force it into any other service. To as many as are obedient to tho gospel (Verse 12) the word of the Holy Ghost comes, ''Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. For- it is God that worketh in you." There are ' TWO PARTS OF OUR SALVATION, the one complete, the other as yet incomplete, though guaranteed to be brought to perfection. The first part consists of a work for us ¡ the Becond, of a work in us. The work for us is per fect-none can add thereto. Jesus Christ our Lord has offered a complete atonement for all the offences of His people. He took His people into union with Himself, and they became entitled to all the merit of His righteousness; partakers of HÍB everlasting lifo, inheritors of His glory. Saints are therefore saved completely so far as substitu tionary work is concerned. Such was the mean ing of those majestio death-words of our Lord, " It is finished." He had finished transgression, made an end of sin, and brought in everlasting righteousness, and thus perfected for ever them that are set apart. With the work of Christ we cannot intermeddle. We are never told to work that out, but to receive it by faith. Justification is not by human effort* but by the free gift of God. The second part of salvation consists of a work in us-the operation of the Holy Ghost. As many as were redeemed by the blood of Jesus, are also in due time renewed in the spirit of their minds. The Holy Ghost in regeneration descends into a man, and creates in him a new nature. He does not destroy the old. That romains still to be bat tled with and overcome. Though the nature which the Spirit implants is perfect in its kind and degree, yet it is not perfect in its development. It is a seed which needs to work itself out into a tree, an infant which requires to grow into the stature of a perfect man. God having first worked it in, it becomes the business of the Chris tian life to work out the secret inner principle till it permeates the entire system, overcomes the old nature, and reigns supreme. Understand then, it is not to the mediatorial work of Christ, not at all to the pardon of our sins, or the justi fication of our persons that Paid refers, but only to our inner spiritual life. He says of that, '* Work it out with fear and trembling. For it is God that worketh in you." Note : ? (V.) The matter to be worked out. (2.) The model to bo worked to. (8.) Tho spirit in which we are to work ; and (4.) The great encouragement suggested for such working. I. The Matter to be Worked Out is " your own salvation." Every Christian is to be a worker for the good and salvation of others. It is doubtful whether a man knows the Lord himself unless he desires to extend the boundaries of the Master's kingdom. But on no account is any Christian to think that he can safely neglect the interest of his own soul. " Work out your own salvation." BEGIN AT HOME. Seek the spread of the truth, but first know the truth yourself, and daily seek to understand it better. You are bound to attempt the réclaim ing of the wandering ; but take heed lest you yourself wander. However unselfish you may become-God grant that you may have much unselfishness-still it ia equàUy a law of, nttture and' of grace that you should see to self preservation. If you neglect this, you will become unable to do aught for.' the sal vation of others. Ploughing another man's field, Buffer not your own to lie fallow. You preach against the sluggard, let hot the thorn and the thistle grow in your own garden. The first business of a Christian man is to Bee that all his own graces are in a yigorouà condition, that repentance always weeps for sin, that faith always looks to the cross, that patience becomes stronger to bear her cross, that hope's eyes are clear to behold the coming glory, .that to faith we add courage, to courage patience, to' patience brotherly kindness, . and to rbrothçrly kindness charity. We are never to Bit down, and. say, "My life-work is over ; I am Baved ; I-am .saved; I have no pilgrimage to '. make to! thé. celestial city j I wage no war for driving out the I - . - , .. . Canaanites." The time of rest -will come oa the other side of Jordan. It is for you to press forward like à racer whose prize is not yet won, to watch like a warrior whose conflict is; not ended. Now, the matter to be worked out ia; something which is at the same time worked ia'. WE MAY SAFELY DEFY ANYBODY to work a thing out which ia not first in. God, weare told, worketh in us; therefore we are to work the inward towards the outward. We work out, bring out, educe from within ourselves to! our exterior of life, that which God constantly1 works in us in the secret recesses of our spiritual being. If a man works out that which ia1 within, apart from what God has wrought hi ! him, he will naturally work out thai ! which is of his own nature or of the devil, strife, envying, murder, and I know* nov ; what. Work out the human heart, work one I what nature has worked in, and you work out the* hideous criminal, or the proud and self-righteous' Pharisee. But, believer, there aré better prin ciples in you. You have faith, work it oub then,' act like a believer, trust God in daily life. You? possess tho incorruptible seed: Let your whole), conduct be incorruptibly pure and heavenly; Bo Christlike, inasmuch as the Spirit of Chrisp dwelleth in you. v " Your own SALVATION/' the text says, and that? is correct enough. HOLINESS IS SALVATION. Our salvation from the guilt of Bin-that has] been dono by Christ. We have now to worsT out our salvation from the power of sinil A man may bo saved from the guilt of sin, anc| yet not altogether saved from its power. For instanoo, a saved man may be defiled by beinj purso-proud, proud of his position or talents! now the believer must, with fear and trombling| work out hiB salvation from that most intolerable; evil. A man may be the subject of a quick an$ hasty disposition, often angry without a causeV My brother, your salvation from sin is not com plete until you are saved from a bad temper ; and day by day with solemn resolution you should? work out your salvation from that. I might take* any form of besetting sin, and in each case bid you labor for salvation from its bondage. Working out by vehement efforts after holiness our entire deliverance from sin ; that I believe to be the great business of tho Christian's life.1 The sculptor, whonever he sees a suitable blook of marble, firmly believes that there is a statué" concealed within it, and that his business is but to take away tho superfluous material, and so un veil the " thing of beauty " which shall be " a joy for ever." Believer, you aro that block ol marble ; you have been quarried by divine grace, and set apart for the Master's serviced But wa cannot see the image of Christ in you tyet aa we could . wish. There aro traces of it, dim outlines of what is to be ; it is for you, with chisel and mallet, with constant endeavor and dependence upon God, to work out that image of Christ in yourself. God has sketched the image of his Son in you". Go on chipping away these sins, infirmities, and corruptions, tül the fair likeness of tho Incarnate' God shall be seen by ail. You aro this day like the Israelites in Canaan. You have not to escape* from Egypt. With a high hand and with an out stretched arm God has set you froo from the Pharoah of your sin. You havo not to fight your way towards the land-you aro in it. But now you have to extend tho kingdom within yourself by routing one nation of sins after another. In the power of the spirit hang up your corruptions be fore the light of the sun-destroy them utterly j let not one escape. Canaan will never be aplacd1 of rest to you till you havo driven away the Canaanites. II. THE MODEL TO BE WORKED TO. Every artist requires some pattern or idea in his mind to which he is to work. Eefer to the chapter itself. Paul has been urging all God's people to be "like-minded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind." They are' to be aU found in the same love, not some loving the rest, but each loving all, and' not even a single person exempted; every soul naming with the sacred fire. He would haye" them knit together in every sacred enterprise, fused into one raco, made to love each other with apure heart fervently. Now by this may we teU[ whether we are becoming like our Lord. What is our standing towards our fellow Christians ? When the church marches like tho old Roman legion, every man keeping step, each warrior inspired as with ono soul when he saw the eagle brought to the front, and followed it to victory or death, then the church has life and vigor, and only then. If our enemies are to be put to con fusion, it must be by the united efforts of all the people of God-unity is strength. The Lord Bend], purity and unity to Zion ; then, woe be to thy; gates, O Philistia ! The next verse gives u* : another rule for guidance in , . OUR SACRED STATUARY, as I shall call i*j it is HUMILITY, "Let nothing be, done through strife or vainglory." Speak'ott, great works that have been achieved by J engineers, bridges cast over ravines, mountains, bored-here is a work far more tremendous,1' which no man might venture to attempt, but. for;; the encouragement that God has already wrought,, it in him. Nothing is to be done through ßtrife. How much of religious service is from top to^ bottom carried out in strife? I know, from experience that the Bpirit of strife may easily enough come into the . pulpit,, and the minister may be seeking to outrun his neighbor when he thinks he is filled with zeal, for God. The devil has had a finger in the build-* mg of many places of worship. Whenever I serve ' God out of any motive of emulation or strife^, I prove to myself that I have not worked óut 'my:' salvation from one evil passion at least. , I have ; need to fear and tremble, to begin again and labor " diligently till pride be driven out of my soul. "Let nothing," again, "be done out of vant glory."- But how much is done out of vainglory !. * Many dress out..QÍ\yaihglb;ry..,;..Th'e though fe. is--; ,uppermost, "How do I look m - this?"v Many give to God's cauisó out of^vaîn- çl glory, that they may seem to be liberal Î Too often workers masmify then." own labors, arid.. if they can, pttll other people's work down i order to make their own appear. to be risin rapidly. This vainglory all shows that we ai hoi yet conformed tb the image of that gres model of perfection, Jesus Christ, the Apostle an High Priest of our profession. Nert, the Apostle says, " In lowliness of min let each esteem other better than themselves. Bunyan beautifully portrays CHRISTIANA AND MERCY Arning up out of the bath of the interpreter' house. They have had jewels put upon then and when they are both washed, Meroy saith t Christiana, "How comely and beautiful yo look I" "Nay," Christiana said, "My sister, see no beauty in myself, but how lovely yo look I I think I never saw such loveliness. They were both lovely because they could se other people's loveliness. Your own Bpiritus "beauty may bo measured by what you can see i others. When you say, " Ah ! there are no saint now," it ia to bo feared that you are not one ."When you complain that love is dea in the Christian church, it must bo dead in you heart, or you would not say so. As you think c 'others, so you aro. Out of your own mouth sha] you be condemned. Your corn shall bo moasuro wltlb. your own bnshol. When wo como t admire the good in other people that we havo no yet attained ourselves, instoad of deprociatin: other^eople, bocauso thoy havo not sometliin which wo have, when wo get to that wo shall b eViâently approaching nearer to Christ. *» The apostle lingersoho momentmoro toinculcat the development of tho spirit of mutual charitj "Look not every man on his own things, bu every man also on tho things of others." I: temporal matters do not think it to bo enough i your own busines prospers ; let other men hav some share in your concerns. If thoy bo poo and you wealthy, holp thom. If thoy are i: »traits and you possoss abundance, minister t their necessities. Let not Christ bo naked and yoi able but unwilling to clotho Him. Let not Chris be sick and you visit Him not. In spiritua things think it not enough yoursolf to live noa to God : tako tho cases of others who may havi backslidden, and lay them before tho throne o graoe. By loving robuko or gentle admonition re Btore suchas aro fallen, remembering thyself, les thou also be tempted. Observe the drift of th' apostle : if wo are to work out our own salvation it must be by putting self down in tho dust am becoming unselfish. Hero is tho work, hon is the difficulty. The descent into th Avernus of sin is easy onough. Hoi roany slido into sin as swiftly a travellers glissading down the snow; side of an Alp ! but to toil upward, to climb tin hill of God, thia is tho work, this is the difficulty Blessed is that man who, loaning on the eterna arm, works out his own salvation, and is permitte* to ascend tho hill of tho Lord, and to stand in Hi holy place. Before the apostle had done with his subject, h< set before the Philippians THE BEST MODEL in the world. " Let this mind be in you, whicl was also in Christ Jesus : who, being in the forn of God, thought it not robbery to be equal witl God : but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him tho form of a sorvant, and was; made in the likeness of men : and being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, oven tho death oí the cross." There is your model. Jesus stoops from Godhead to manhood, from the throne above the oherhbim to the, manger, side by side with the cattle. Stoop, brother, if you would rise ; if you would be great, be little ; if you would be high, be low ; if you would be exalted, con descend. Be like tho Master, willing even to give up life itself" if it be for God's glory. Wp shall not have thorough worked out our salvation from tho bondage of_ this fleshly body till we aro willing to give up reputation and honor, if we may but servo Christ, willing to put our neck upon the block, our property to ship wreck, and to give all up for Him, if so He wills it. ih ! this is hard work. The roots of our selfish ness go very deep. The battle ends only with life, but we shall earn the victory by God's grace. His power within shall help us to bring ourselves down to that heavenly nothingness in which God is all in all. We shall master our inclinations, conquer our lofty thoughts, lay low our pride. Then, then will God also highly exalt us, as He has His dear Son, then shall we reign with him for ever and ever. TI. THE SPIRIT IN WHICH WE ARE TO WORK. It is to be an energetic Bpirit. From the Greek word for " work " we get our English word " energy." The bringing out of the new nature is a work of superlative difficulty. Some appear to have imbibed tho notion that the grace of God is a kind of opium with which men may drug themselves into slumber. " God works in us," say they, " therefore there is nothing for us to do." Bad reasoning, false conclusion. God works, says the text; therefore we must work out because God works in. The assistance of divine graoe is not given to us to put aside" our own efforts, but to excite them. God - comes to us to work in us "to will" resolution and firmness. He works in us " to do." À man will never overcome sin ex cept by energy. You cannot get your pride down by merely resolving to do it. You will have to watch that old enemy aa a detective watches a thief. When you think, "At last I have really overcome him," you will discover him at work under another shapo, and your conflict will commence anew. ^ Yes, our lifo must bo spent in constant watching, and, aa we find ourselves tripping, we must add constant repentance, perpetu ally praying to bo upheld for the future, pressing forward evermore. Evermore ; for to pause is to retreat, to halt is to be driven back. Work out your own salvation further, "with fear." What kind of fear is that ? This is not the fear of purgatory, or the fear of hell; it is not the fear of falling from grace and bemg ulimatoly Jost. I do not believe that this fear is ever need ful to a ohild of God. If I believe in Jesus, I am AO moro afraid of being lost than that God him -. ' .?? V ' «..i- .-:-; self should die. We have Chrisf s word for it i "I give unto my sheep eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any pluck them out of my hand." You do not suppose that Paul, who knew that fear "hath torment,".and is cast out by perfect love, would tell us to work out our salvation under so disheartening aninfluence! The fear of the text is a hallowed, childlike fear, a reverential awe of the Most High; a pious dread of offending. But the " trembling"-what is that? Heirs of grace have a trembling which is akin to joy ¡ they "rejoice with trembling," Under a sense of the presence of God, we tremble lest we should sin, lest we grieve the Spirit and vex the holy One of Israel. We know what it is, to tremble with the exoeeding . joy and glory of the love of God Bhed abroad in our souls. We know what it is to contend with sin undor a divine impulse, and to be filled with tremulous anxiety while wrestling with our foe. Sin is to be trembled at, and God also. There is a double cause for a solemn awe in the business of the soul's inner life. It is no child's play, but an awful weighty businoss. I pray God wo may know more of holy trembling, that the awful majesty of Divino love may bo so revealed to us that wo may he prostrate beneath its force, wondering how it is that we aro permitted to stand in the midst of such a blaze of love, a bush burning but unconsumed. IV. THE SWEET ENCOURAGEMENT which tho toxt affords. Wo are to work out our salvation for this reason : " It ig God whioh worketh in you to will and to do of his good plea sure." Hero is help in an exorcise boyond your power ¡ help all-suilicient for ovory emergency ; help which it onnoblos you to receive; help which, if Satan shall put on his utmost force, and your corruptions arrive at their utmost power, shall yot bo moro than equal to the day. Grace all-sufficient dwolls in you, beliover. There is a living well within you springing up ; keep on drawing. Continuo to struggle, you will not exhaust the life-force God has placed within you. There is a growing mino of gold, inexhaustible, divine; cease not to work it out. God works in us to will. Tho dosiro after holiness, the resolution to j put down sin, tho pang of griof because we havo sinned, the stern resolve that wo will not fall into that sin again-all, all is of God. Ho works in you todo-the power to achieve the victory, the power to smite down tho loftiest plume of pride. God is equal to all emergencies ; fear not, though you bo subject to ton thousand dangers he will givo you power to do tho right, the just, the lovely, and the true. He worketh gloriously in you. Tho best heaven I could wish would bo perfectly to be rid of self, perfectly free from tendencies to ovil. Is not this the heaven you aro panting after ? If it is, you shall have it. If you have grace enough to pine after it, grace enough to labor for it, you shall yet havo grace enough to win it. I have thus addressed God's people ; to tho un believer I have a message. It is but a sentence. "Behove in tho Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." Thou hast nothing to do with working yet. Believe first, and when thou hast believed, then set to work. | 