WITH THE TIDE, A TALE OP THB TUBF, BY ' YBRli.' Specially Wbitten job Tmi 'Ebfbbbb' »—AMi Bights Resbbvbd* i CHAPTER II. I THB SCENE IB CHANGED. The Drayton 'e, of Drayton Hall, Derby shire, were one of the oldeat families in the midland connties of England. Squire Drayton's pedigree conld be traced back for centuries, and 'bine blood' ran in his veins. He ia not a nobleman, not even a plain baronet, and he rejoiced in the faot. He came of a good old stock, of landed proprietors, and his wealth would have put many an impecunious younger son of a Duke in comparative affluence. Coal mines in Staffordshire yielded him untold, not gold, bnt coal, .which waa commercially converted into the precions metal, although it always ended in smoke. The Drayton mines were famed throughout the 'land , and perhaps this waa one reason why the name became familiar a3 'household words,' cr a ' Derby winner,' with the pnblio. Squire Drayton had two sons and one daughter. Frederick, the elder one— the heir to his great wealth — waa the one source of uneasiness in the 8quire's happy, prosperous life. - Naturally, he ex pected his eldest son to assnme a position in the country, and it was the height of hia ambition that he should go into Par liament. But Frederic Drayton, or, more correctly speaking, Captain Drayton— for he was an officer in the Guards —had no desire to bury himself in the country, as he called it. London, witn its myriad attractions, had, more charm for him. Hia life was one long vortex of pleasure. The Household Begiment seldom left the me tropolis, and there was very little danger of their being called out for active service in the 'piping times of peace' the conn try was enjoying. The captain's intimate 'acquaintances said that his chief occupation was getting into debt, gambling heavily, and flirting with sundry dainty syrens. He was a good lively man, bnt not a man to mat e many real friends. Some what' unscrupulous, so it was said, and although his father made hitu a handsome allowance, it was never sufficient for his numerous wants. His brother officers fought rather shy of Captain Drayton. He had given them ample proof of his acute ness when he won the Regimental Cup with Rioter, a dark horse he had specially reserved to discomfort them. At cards, Captain Drayton seemed to have the ' Devil's own luck,' at least that was the opinion of the young pigeons he had no hesitation in plucking. Where his money went to was a mystery. True there was a littlo villa at St. Johns Wood, and* a pretty bird inside it that must have cost him a small fortune. But his gambling wins would have been enongh for that. There was & leakage Bomewnere, and a big one, and it took all the Captain's spare cash to fill the gap. ? Squire Drayton had offered special inducement to his son to settle down at Drayton Hall, bnt nothing could persuade him to do so. ' One might think you were haunted by a ghost,' Baid the Squire to him one day, ' Ton Bppear to have a per fect horror of the old place. D— it, sir, . it's been good enonghrfor our family for generations, what have you to say against it.' ' Oh, nothing,' honchalently answered the dutiful son. ' I hate being bored in the country. I couldn't live here without selling out, and I don't -feel dis posed. to do that yet.' ' The old Squire sighed as he said, Oh, Fred, I don't think Jack would - have said that. Tour ; brother loved the old home. I wonder where he went to, and what the deuce made him leave us. Sometimes Fred I fanoy he's dead. It was all so Bndden.' . If there was one topic of conversation more than another Capt. Drayton hated, it waB a chat alone with the Squire about his brother. 'His usual answer was, ' How the deuce should I know where Jack is, or what has become of him ? The hue and cry was raised all over the place when he disappeared. Tou know the reason he went as well as I do, governor.' ' I'll never believe it, Fred. Whoever wronged Nellie St. Clair, it was not your brother Jack, Why man, he loved her better than his own life.' In order the better to make the reader acquainted with the full importance of this conversation, it may be necessary to give a brief account of the mysterious disap pearance of John Drayton, the Squire's youngest son, and also of Nellie St. Clair, the only daughter of Sir William St. Clair, of the Doveholes, whose estates joined those of Squire Drayton. Shortly before Christmas, five years before this Btory commences, the silent neighbourhood of Drayton was thrown into a state of consternation by the sudden and unaccount able disappearance of Master Jack, as the old servants had christened him, and the neighbours had followed suit, and Nellie bt. Clair. It had been the ardent wish of Squire Drayton to see his son John married to Nellie St. Clair. She was the daughter of a baronet truly, but her fortune would not be large. Still the Squire had ample means, and he was quite ready to settle a good income on the pair immediately they were married. Sir William was nothing loth to foster the alliance, and it really seemed as though John Drayton and Nellie St. Clair had made np their minds on the subject. This match did not please ene person, and that waB Captain Drayton. He was fond of Nellie St. Clair in his own indolent selfish way, and considered that as he was the ht-ir he ought to have a prior claim to her. It was a habit «of the Captain to consider all persona and things as mere meins for gratifying his own indulgences. The courtship went on rapidly, and to all nppearances satisfac torily. John Drayton proposed, and wa3 duly accepted, although with more hesi tation on the part ot Miss St. Clair than might have been expected. Captain Drayton is almost as constant a visitor to fcir William's house as his brother, and naturally ho saw a geed deal of Miss Sb. Clair. Ifc was a . fortnight before tho marriage was to have taken place that tho sensation caused at Drayton occurred. Tho whole ccuntiy rang with ifc. .'?Mys- terious disappearance of an intended bride and bridegroom' i3 the heading in the Advebtiseu,' 'The Drayton Invi te ry,' and sundry other r.tartling itcica of intelligence were published. Tho Squire and Sir William were very reticent iu regard to tho matter, but the fact w s tl ey knew aa littlo about: the aCair as anj - one. Nothing wr.3 disoovorr-.fi until yov: p.itc-r tho occurrence, .when Nellio St. Ulr.i: suddenly and without warning returned to her home, and wfewweeks after hor arrival there uho died, a doctor said of a broken lie art. She refused to say who ifc wi-.u she had gone away with, but solemnly declared ib waa not Jack Drayton. Her persistent denial only mado Sir William inoro confi dent that Jack Drayton wa3 a scoundrol, had allured hia daughter from her home, and then basely deserted lies. .Squire Drayton refused to bolievo thi?, ljnew hiB younger son well, and felt he w'ould never be capable of such a nieaa, 'j cruel, dastardly act. He quarrelled bit- I tcrly with Sir William over .the matter, I and' although four years had passed' ainc& the Death of Miss St. Clair they were not reconciled yet, merely exchanging ordinary courtesies in a frigid manner. Captain Drayton is one of the loudest in denunciation of his brother's conduct. He considered it waa a disgrace to the family that such a stigma should be put npon their honourable name. . He tried hard to convince the Squire and his mother that his brother was a scoundrel, bat in this h& failed. Hia sister, Bose Drayton, also took up the cudgels on behalf of the missing Jack, and consequently the Captain found Drayton Hall at times anything bnt pleasant quarters. The Sqtiire and his wife lived in hopes of Jack's return. Al though not their eldest son he waa, as is often the caBe, the favourite. The lad had always been addicted to hunting pursuits, and bid fair to make a real fox-hunting squire like his father. Many long conversations had the Squire and hia wife tegether on the subject, but no satisfactory solution of the mystery could they arrive at. It was the Squire's belief his son was dead, but Mrs. Dray ton's mother's heart told her it was not so. I 'He's a much- wronged boy. -There's a omething at the bottom of it all that we Inow nothing of, Hal,' she would say. The Squire's name is Harold. ' He'll' , come back to us some day, my poor lad, and clear his name. Depend upon it, Hal, he has some good reason for keeping away. My opinion is he is doing it to shield some onb else.' Talk as they might they could get no ' nearer the truth, and after this lapse of five years the ' myateriousdisappearance ' is thought of no more in the neighbour hood, and the general opinion is that Drayton is dead — murdered, some went so far as to say. There was one man at Squire Drayton's who had a firm belief in the innocence of 'Master Jack,' and that was Thurton, the stud groom and head man over Squire Diayton's stables. The Squire owned several good race, '. horses, and hia . hunters could not be , beaten in the shires. Master Jaok had inherited all his father's love for good horses, and he was considered a reliable judge. 'The man who can get the beat of Master Jack in a matter of horseflesh, mil have to get up very early in the morning,' was the ? Btnd groom's remark when bestowing praise upon his favourite. Naturally Jack Drayton became on very familiar terms with ike Thurton, and he had quite as much to do with the manage- - ment of the-horses as the stud groom him self. ' When Jack disappeared, the only man about the place, or even in the neighbour hood, who evinced but little surprise waa the impenetrable Ike. To try and jump Ike Thurton was much the same as endeavouring to get milk from the 'iron cow,' or have a little conversation with an Egyptian mummy. He seldom Bpoke until ' he waa spoken- to, and then ho always de liberated afew seconds before he answered. ? He had a very desirable habit ia a stud groom, and not slone is it desirable in a stud groom but in all men connected with racing establishments— he knew how to hold his tongne. So when Jack Drayton was missing all ? people inquired of Ike Thurton what he thought about it; he merely shook his head and muttered something about its being none of his business. The Squire took no notice of Ike's taci turing,' for he knew the man's ways and approved- of them. What did surprise . him was that Ike did not appear over- - whelmed with grief at the loss of -his- favourite. He asked Thurton once wh^fc he thought had become of the missing man, but that worthy held up his handB in ' wonder, and exclaimed how the deuce he Bhould know. ' The Squire waa satisfied. As the maa; j put it, how the deuce should he know. But, like Hamlef s father, Ike Thurton could have a tale unfolded had he so wished, and had he not been bound to eecresy by the only man he ever had any love for. ' Strange, bnt true. This rough diamond, this phlegmatic stud groom, loved ' Mas ter Jack better than anything in hia life .. —aye, better than life itself. 'Master Jack ' had once saved the stud-groom's life at the peril of his own. A dangerous horse had thrown Thurton to the ground, and was 'savaging' him, when Jack Drayton rushed in and turned the infu riated animal's anger on himself. He re ceived a bite in the muscle of hiB right arm, the mark of which he must bear to his dying day, but he saved Ike Thurfcon's life, and the man never forgot it. 'No thanks, Ike!' was all young Dray ton said as the groom literally over whelmed him with expressions of faith- ; fulness that few people would have thought ' Thurton capable of uttering.- ' You'd have dene the same for me, I know.' 'By heaven, Master Jack, if ever the time comes when you need a friend, don't forget Ike Thurton. I'd lay down my life for you.' H 'I believe you, Ike. Don't forget if ever the time does come.' Little did either of them think at the' moment how soon the time really would come. Ike Thurton could tell a tale of that fated night when two lives were wrecked that would have astonished not only Squire Drayton, but everyone who- admires true heroism and self sacrifice. He could tell of a pistol shot fired at a bleeding form lying in a death-like trance on tho cold ground. He - could tell of a hurried flight and two figures rapidly driving away in the moon light night. He could tell of . careful nursing and patient tending of a nearly dying man in a lonely shepherd's hut, of a tedious rocovery, and ultimate restora tion to health. What more ho could tell, may at some future time be disclosed if my readers will be content to go patiently 