PRINCESS AND SPY, on BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. BY JAMES S. BOHLASE. CHAPl'ER. CAME 11E AS FBIKND OE l'OE. The house of Mr Bayard, the shipbuilder, wa«- nil Hid English quay ( Iwjtiskaia I STibnvejt-niay* ' it Aim u pitiin but laxgH and handsome : building, aud it was bordered by palaces !-nd villas, and fronted by a fashionable thoroughfare, where in summer could be seen as many handsome carriages and equipages, as many elegantly dressed ladies with parasols and lap-dogs, and as mauy nurse-maids with children iu perambula tors, as at home in any of tbe London parks. ! Now, however, it is the depth oE winter, and the l'ro2en snow lies deep on the ^rantie paving, and beyond it the broad ffev a is so thickly coated wiah the ice that that an army (artillery, baggoge-waggouB, and all) might cross it without auy fear of its giviug way beneath them. Tins sky is dull and grey, and the east wind comes whistling from the great Lake, of Ladoga, bearing death to all who dare to face it out of doors uugifted with a heap of furs or an iron constitution. Thus it is that only tin occisioual sleigh glides ghost-like over the snow on its iron runners, and thus it is that the City of the Czar is asfitill and huehedas though it were a vast cemetery. We might call it by a worse name, but we will not. On the contrary, we will beg the reader's pardon for keeping him out so long in tbe cold, when within tbe wealtby English man's domicile all is so warm and snug. See, the breakfast parlour is furnished in Che cosiest English fashion, and instead of tbe suffocating Russian stove a bright fire burns in the open steel grate. Tbe windows and doors are double, for that is a necessity in such a climate ; but this is the only thing (if we do not look forth from the windows) calculated to re mind us of Russia, save perhaps tbe nature of tbe food and drink. For father and daughter are at break fast, and tbe former had been long enough in the laud of the Czar to prefer & slice of lemon to |cream in his tea, and also to have a partialty for caviare and toast, for roast duck with vinegar and cream sauce, and meat puddings boiled in milk. Ada contents herself with a plover's egg and thin bread and butter — in fact, with her tbe meal is a pretence. 4 Papa, do you think that you shall al ways live in Russia?' she asks abruptlyt after a while. * No, my child, ] do not. When I have grown too old or too infirm to be of any use I have every hope that the Emperor will permit me to return to England.' 4 Ob, papa, how could you ever have sold your liberty!' ' My dear, when younger I thought that goldeu chains would be very light and plea sant to wear. 1 knew that in Old England I might toil on for weary years and never become rich, and so I came hither. I suc ceeded beyond my most sanguine expecta tions. My skill iu shipbuilding at lost at tracted tne attention of the Czar, who offered me large Government contracts at most remunerative rates, on condition of my becoming a naturalised Russian subject, said he would trust the building of war ships to oue whom, he had not tbe power to punish if he betrayed his trust, or to one whose intersts were more foreign than Russian. I jumped at that glittering bait, and tbe results is that 1 am a million aire, and called the Father of the Russian Navy. 1 will not deny, however, Ada, that at limes the golden shackles seem to gall me almost as much as iron ones could do/ 4 And yet you are high in the Czar's favor. Poor Czar ! bow glad I am that he escaped the assassin's bullet last night/ exclaimed Ada, with a sigh. ' And so am Y, my child. The Emperor ia a good man, and would do much more for his people would his great and powerful nobles only let bim. ) wish that the young Englishman, who alone seems to have at tempted tbe capture of the assassin, had been equally fortunate with the Czar, but he received a very ugly stab, and his prey escaped him. He was borne to his Embassy insensible.' Ada's beautiful face turned deathly Jpale as ber father eonladed. * ilia name T the asked tremulously. ? I really do not know, but he wore the uniform of an attache of the British Embassy/ replied Mr Bayard. J— I knew him in England. We renewed our acquaintanceship last night. He was — oh, goodness, who can that be ?' Ada's concluding remark was caused by (novel sound, indeed, at the breakfast hour) a thundering knock at the street door. Flying to the 'window sbe looked forth to behold a sleigh, shaped like a swan, stand ing out in the enow, ond seated therein an ischvostchick or driver, clad in a velvet caftan trimmed heavily with fur, and wear ing a broad-brimmed, low-crowned hat of the shiniest nap decorated with a velvet band, a silver buckle, a bunch of rosy ribbons, a bouquet of artificial flowers, and a long peacock's feather. She caught sight, too, of a portion of a tall, stalwart figure, draped in a long loose cloak of sables reaching to his gold-spurred heels, standing ou the door step, and while she yet gazed sbe heared the door opened by tbe dvornic, or hall porter, and this in dividual ask imperiously for her father. ?Why it is Prince Golgoroukis' voice/ exclaimed Mr Bayard uneasily. 4 Gracious heavens, what can his mission be !' Scarcely had the words left his lips when into the room Btalked the terrible head of the Secret Police. He had left his cloak of sables in the ball, and now behold him arrayed in a tightly-fitting bright green uniform, with heavy bullion enaulettes. a score of medala and orders on bis breast, his featherless cocked hat tucked uuder his arm, and his handsome, though sinister, countenance all wreathed in smiles. ' Don't let me disturb you/ Raid he. 1 Nay, I don't mind if 1 Mtdown aud join you in|a eup of tea. My dear Uavard, I have to Con gratulate you ouyr»ur beautiful child being the acknowledged belle of the ball last niglit. Why, even the Princess Olga and the Countess Orloff were nowhere.' ' My Prince/ replied Mr Bayard gravely, 'the daughters of England do not like or understand such open praise.' ' But the daughters of Russia love it, for they do not coquette with truth at any titn*: aud knowing tbat beauty is the gift of CJod they are rightly proud of it. I am sure that my little iriend there is a deal more Russian than Euglisb.' ' My love ip wholly bestowed on England, though my birth may have been in Russia/ replied Ada with a burning blush. 4 My child, we will excuse you,' said M.r Bayard hurriedly. 'No, no, do not let us banish a single gicuw ui buuautt m uns uun wintry weatner, Raid the 1'riuce with a laugh. 4 Besides, tt i& on your beautiful child's account that I have come hither at so early au hour. You really must not ba stjlli&h; over her, Bayard. When there's only one tl-ctric light in a city that in winter time is wrapped in 20 hour? darkness out of the 24, it is very ill natured to keep it all to yourself and let thegent-ral community grope about as it best can by the radiance of tallow dips.' ' Your Jliglmetw, 1 am really afraid that 1 completely tail to understand you,' faltered Mr ll&yuard;, uneasily. ' Well, well, well, then I will apeak p'ainly. Madame my Princess fell into ruptures with your little girl last night, and on my telling her that she had no mother, »be exclaimed, ' Then I will be a mother to her Let her father confide her to my keeping, and I will introduce her to the vlite of St. Petersburg society, and find her a liusbaud amongst the greatest and noblest.' A good-hearted woman is Madame my 1'riuce**, and, beleive me, your tovety auugtiteriti tortunata in so warmly excitiug her sympathies/ 'But i have come out to Russia for the riole purpuae al waiting on my father/ said Ada eagerly. 4 Noble daughter'.' retorted the Prince, with rapture, ' But your father is also too noble to ace-apt *uch a sublime act of self sacrifice. Ynnth and be-tuty do not 'a&t; for ever, and therefore the offet of Madame my Princes— ' 4 W« are deeply, deeply grateful for/ said Mr Bayard, interrupting him ; ' But my child is not ambitious, nor am I ambitious for her. I intend almost immediately to send her back to Kngltuid. for the Russian climate ie too severe (or her constitution and during tbe short time tbat sbe remains, believe me, Prince, elie would be far happier by ber father's side.' 4 Oh, but this is insanity, sheer insaituy,' said the Prince, the smiles leaving bis face and a portentous frown taking tbeir place, 4 Why, it is her native air. Let me see ; sbe was bora in the Podialskeskaia just after you were naturalised. 1 remember it well.' 'No, your Highness, before ; tbe child to whom you refer died of the plague, and was buried in the common pit,' and as be spoke great beads of perspiration stood on the shipbuilders brow. ♦Ua, ha, ba, Mr Bayard' I believe that I know more about your children that you do. Why, our pretty Ada here is junior to tbe. little one who died of tbe plague exactly one year and three months. She was born nine months after your natural isation aud throe years and six days before your poor wife committed gell-de&iruc-; tion.' 4 Was mnrdered, you mean ; ay, either murdered or spirited away for Bome vile purpose, for 1 never bave believed, that the lieadle&s; body taken out of the Neva, was hers, even though it was draped iu lu«r . clothes, and hod her very rings on iu lingers.' MVell, well, my poorBaynrd, 1 nm awnre that tbat, is a sore subject with you, and 1 don't wonder at it, for your wife was a beautiful woman, a very beautiful woman. To return to your daughter, however, you will really decline this magnanimous offer of Madame my Princess ?' ? Indeed, but I shall, my gratitude being extreme nevertheless. But I am resolved that my child shall not quit my sight dur ing the short period that she may remain here until the opening of the river naviga tion. She came out unexpectedly, and much against my will, but whilst she is here, I shall guard her as the apple of my eye.' ' Then my good offices and the kindly in tentions of Madame my Princess are in Tain,' said Priuce Golgoroukis, rising to his feet. * Well, 1 will not be cross with you, for few men bave such a daughter. Good morning, Bayard ; good morning, little one ; why, blfess me, bow pale and frightened tbe little chit is ; methinks her Russian birth should have given her courage, ay, and ber Russian parentage as well, for I won't allow England one bit of credit in heT produc tion.' And patting Derplayfully under tbe chin, with an oily yet sinister chuckle, Prince Golgoroukis strode out of the room and re donned his sables. (To be continued. J 