OUR TALKIPHONE. -4---- instrument.] Stand by there I Look to the tube! Rapids ahead. That sounds like a commander's voice. Who's there? Ibeg your pardon, sir. Captain Mooney by your leave. Oh, Captain, 'no more exploits please. Forego the synopsis this time, if only to re sume later ou. Too thrilling, too, too much. One too many you mean. Not too too much. But I am not going to run you into any dangers of vnal de mer. I merely want to have a word about the big event of last week. The opening of the railway. Oh that's a change. Punt away, we're all attention. Well, it is only fair that you should know how much is due to me in the matter. Many years ago the Whittlesea Council instructed their Mr. Ryan to test the feeling of the public, and he and I worked together with very promising results. We had a large meeting at Preston, and Fitzroy agreed to co-operate. Is this to be another historical lecture MIr. Mooney ? Oh, no, I merely wish to let you know that I was not behind when the matter was first mooted, and I am proud today that it is an accomplished fact. Oh I so is everybody else in the district. Now, before you cut the c ible, tell us when your committee intends to hand over to the proper persons, the money received at your lecture. Oh faith ! I do not know. It is a scandal and one that has an unenviable colmuring so far as I myself am concerned. Never fear ; the public have never changed in their opinion of you. But as Lytton writes :--"A man's own conscience is his sole tribunal ; and he should care no more for that phantom 'opinion' than he should fear meeting a ghost if he cross the church yard at dark." Next !-Your next sir. Mr. Barber please' to the chair, we mean the tube. I am here air I What have you now? More additions to my family? Havecyou come across some of the young sharers who constitute the fish for my net? No. Youa are quite up to your business and will spot the boys before we can. We only call you to ask how the concert arrange ments are going on. Very well indeed. Our cause:.is one that recommends itself to the publi: and they will not be slow to respondLto, our appeal. We hope to nett a good sum after next Tues day night's balancing. We hope you will, you deserve the hearty support of the community.' The extent of the Mission's labours can not be realized, and the many reclaimed will testify as to the fruits. The member for Bourke East to move I appear on behalf of'that person and sub-" mit there is no case - Solimitur TabudLe. But let us, for the nonce, drop the !ex. The subject now is the traffic on the line on Sunday. Ve have heard that it was very great. Yes, it was, as you say, very great, and I think the district will benefit by it. The four trains were pac.ked with people. I think there were thirteen carriages and every one was crammed including the guards van. But for the fact that a large number of people alighted at South Preston, the engine would not have been able to draw the load up to the Reservoir. As it was it was a hard pull. If that was the beginning and may be taken as an augury, Preston will indeed arrive at that position it should long have held. How is the Murray-road station answering? Very well, at any rate sufficiently well to justify its lieing opened and to prove that it was a necessity. Of course, the Reservoir reserve was well patronized on Sunday. Yes, I believe it was the principal resort. At one time during the day there must have been nearly 1,000 people within the fence. I understand, though, that in future the public will not be allowed to enter. No doubt there are good grounds for such a step,othere is a danger when so many chil dren cob~egate as well as room for objection on another score. One thing in connection with our Preston railway s that we have been fortunate in obtaining some splendid carriages. No second hand or worn out vehicles for us. We have noticed that. The second class carriages are actually better than many of the first class carriages on some of the other lines. VWe fancy you must have had a hand in securing No more at present lfrercury, good day. Godl'day Mr. Wilkinson, you've put us offstill, we believe we are right. 