i THE PASQUIN PAPERS. Bv TlIKoi'llBASTUS Sgcukiiuh." ' 'JiJyo Naturo's walkfi, slioot folly it Mlos, : ' And cmtch tho nmnnors living tin tlioy i'iao.,f— Pope /NO. XXIIL— KINGS- AND TiLEllt ' STOKY. , The British Museum has just published an. illustrated catiiloguo of the goins in tlio national colloction. As a rulo, thoso engraved stones are sot in rings, oitlier in the original gold, silver,' hron'zo, or iron, or in modern settings. ..In' either case this treasure of antiquities, which might bo carried in a satchol, is full of tho most, .curious".' and oven romantic interest. Kings ,wero tho most inti mate, precious, and durable objects which men of old possessed. A man's ring was his - lock ; ho- sot it 011 a, seal which could' not': bo infringed' without his discovering, tlio injury. True, a theological impostor, unmasked by Lucian; discovered a method of opening seals, and so was enabled to opon tlio soalod packets of. questions which ho protended' to road by clairvoyance. In-: deed, the simple boyish dovico of a :bread seal would havo served this rootio ns woll as the means to which lie had resource. -.People appear to. havo boon so guileless as a rulo that seals woro seldom forged, and as keys and signa tures they wore in absolutely universal employment. Thoy wero ovor. on each man's hand, aiid the 'materials on which tho gems are out are of the hardest; and Thus one may wear to-day a seal which has adorned the finger of Alexander, Of Virgil, or of CiGsar. Kings with'! port-' raits were common in tlio late Roman Republic, and probably these"' wero worn, ospecially when Emperors caino to lip represented later, bytho frionds of poets' and . tho courtiers of ; statesmen. Tlio museum has, a goin with a.profilo of Cicero That -may havo beon a prosont from'Tully to Atticus for what we know, and who will assure that A7irgil 'did not carry tho ring .with, a portrait of Horace? King mentions a portrait of Massanissa, sot in it ring of iron ; " perhaps it has bbeii worn by Scipio liinisolf, The merit of ! tlio engraving- proves that it must havo boon oxocuted for a person of high position." Thus tlioro is no waif, or stray left by tlio wave of tho past 011 tho sea, of; the present so intimate anil so : curious as -a. ring of the anciont world!' .Conceive tho luck of the collector who Bhould find tho ring of Hannibal. ' " avenger of ' so many murdors';" tho :ring with a hollow containing sudden poison. The drug may havo boon hidden in a hollowed: stono or in tho motal sotting. In tho former case tlio goni must havo porished with its owner. Mr. Kiiig publishes a copy - of an onyx Jiollowed out to contain poison and cu- :graved with tho ugly face of a horned faun'.'-"- To roach 'the poison it was only necessary to bito through tho thin shell or onyx. AVlien the gold dopqsited by Cainillus in tho Capitol was talcon away, the person responsible for. ic "broko tho stono of his ring in his mouth," and died at onco. As these stories appear not .to ho doubted, they seem to provo that tho ancients : . wore indood no inexpert poisoners. AVo. must infer tlio rovorso from stories of tlio clumsiness of Locusta. The romance of ancient goms is inox- haustible; it moots us everywhere. This cornelian may hold the portrait of some rich man's mistress, such as Clement of Alexandria forbade the Christians to wear: wo may be looking on tho favor ite of Ovid or Propertius, 011 Corinia or on Cynthia. AVhere will our photo graphy bo in 1800 years, or what record will exist of tho fair faces of to-day ? Thoy, aro washed on paper or painted on canvas ; not ono lady or lover has thought of being made imperishable on cornolian or sard ; yofc if there woro but patrons, who can doubt that tho skill exists, as in) tho last century, anil tliat wo have inglorious Fichlbrs and Pistruccis among us who, liko these masters, needed to sign thoir gems lost tlioy should ho sold for veritable autiques? But gem- engraving has already flourished apart from the custom which made a man's ring , part of himself,, his symbol and signature, a token, often, as in the case of tho famous ring Elizabeth gave to Essex. Of all rings, if only one could identify it, the most romantic would be that which was worn by. the fair ghost of Corinth, who oven from her grave came to embrace her lovor. Tho story is told in a fragrant of Phlegon, a writer of the second century of our era.' In Plilegon's words it sounds uncomfort ably real. AVo see the old nurse prying into tho room of tho young man whoso betrothed is dead ; and thero the doad girl sits with her bridegroom, and wlion tio house has been roused, and the grave searched, thoy find thero only the iron ring which tho lovor had givon to tlio doad girl in exchange for. hor ring of gold. This tiny circlet of iron moves us more than oven tlio poisonous ring of Hannibal, or that too famous goms which Polycrates tried vainly to throw away. In Pliny's timo they showed it, a sardony not engraved, in tlio Tetnplo of Ooneowl. "Rnf. tTns wn.n n. Iiliinflm fnn I-Iorodotus declares it to havo been an emerald, engraved by Theodorus of Sivmos with tho device of a lyro, accord ing to Clement of Alexandria. Some years ago people fancied that tins famous ring as noted as that of Solomon, had boon dug up in a viiioyard at Aricia. Mr. King cruelly suggests that this was a mere anciont imitation, "a favorite dovico of literary mou," But tho stylo of tho art, archaic in tho time of Poly crates, would settle that cjuostibn and perhaps permit us to boliovo in tlio authenticity of tho relic. Goms aro partically imperishable. A wonderful head of Medusa ou an onyx is 110 less mysteriously beautiful than of old, though for many con tunes it was rolled in tho sanil and silt of tho Tiber. Tho ring of Polycrates, if not found at Aricia, may to-day ho on tho finger of sorao fishoi'inan of Sainos, for thoso men inJJio Greek island's havo usually some venerable jowel ot this description. Tho museum catalogue, as may bo supposed, is concerned with the history, 1 not with tho roimuico, of rings. Tlioy bogan to be regularly collected in cabinets by tlio Romans boforoj tlio Republic foil. Thoy woro oldor Than Rome or Grccco, for Grooco borrowed tlio iiloii cliiolly from tlio Egyptian scarabs. To be . suro, l)caii-slia|)0(l pebbles wore engraved by tlio Griocks beforo Tlioy took to cutting scarabs of cornolian, and very ugly the. engravings 011 tho old pebbles oiiton aro. Thoy Bomotimos provo that Q rooks used this hard material wliilo thoir artistic skill was not in advance of Roil Indian design, and when thoir dross was of the Now Dalodouian fashion. Tlio stono scarabs came in about the end of tho sevonth century n.u. It may ho said that the designs 011 tlio early scarabs aro only ,by it slago loss rude than, thoso found on the "lontoiil" or bonn-shaped stones. Finally it dawuoil on somebody that tho ilumby, thick scarab was a wnsto of -material. Thenceforth thin- slices of rare stones woro usod, and to thoso wo owo the exquisito effects of trans- luconcy and color in tho host ring- stones . " 