SHAKESPEARE IN THE FUTURE. A FEW COMMENTS BY MR. G C. KILN, Yes, said Mr. Miln,' after some preliminary conversation, the day for the legitimate drama has largely gone by for tbe presoat, though it may come again. Ab an in stance, I had a letter from Mr. Dnmpier yesterday, in which ho tells me he has found it difficult to make Shakespeare pay, and has fcund it more profitable to fall baok on something cheaper. I think that it is perhaps natural, that people should like something to make them luugh. They are building up a new country'; they are strained in many ways by financiul difficulty and the bard work of making money, and they go to a theatre not so much for food for reflection and Btudy as tor tho purpose of having a good time, " Let's go and have some fun " is their 'idea, and when a man is in that condition he docs not sympathise so very much with the ghost of Hamlet's father, with a deep basB vcico and his head smothered in gauze.' My own impression about the "legitimate drama" — a rao3t un fortunate expression, for there is a good deal of the " legitimate" which is distinctly illegitimate, and of the so-called illegiti mate which is really legitimate — is that from any true dramatic standard Shake speare's plays as they will have to be presented in the future must be in tho form of a " production," that is, they must be spectacularly treated. Instead of play ing eight or ten plays for a month or six weeks, as i3 done now both in America and England, the legitimate actor will, I think, have to tako some one piece and atagn ik. -TUBauificp.ntlir. and in that Wtty there is some oliance of making moueyTor tho actor. For my own part, I have worked to a certain extent along that line, and I shall work it out further in tho future. I bavo not been able to present my pieces in Australia as I should like to have d-i i -. eitherjas to scenery or costume, but ti, -.i was largely owing to tho short time I had to prop-ire for the engage ments i.'.Wier than to any disposi tion. to neglect. I am not one of tl at class which sayB that Shakespearian drama is dead, and that lm p'ays will henceforward be found only in the library as examples of tbo highest forms of litera ture. They are coo highly drar.nti -, ;,rj intensely interesting, too profoundly puilo sophio for them ever to perish froui the stage ; but 1 do say thero must bo somo change in the- tvny of presenting tliem. Too actor must recognise tho wish of the public for a big spectacle. I suppose, now, that if a play of Shakespeare could be treated like some modern melodrama, it would go " howling." If Ophelia, for instaucc, wore to fall through tho bushes into a G R. tank of real water, and Hamlet were to dive in after licr, anil then stand on a rock and declaim that she was his, 1 have some idea that " Hamlet " would " go." Then in . the graveyard Econe .yen might have a fow bloodhounds prowling about, sorting over tho bones and skulls. No doubt about it Liamiec would " go." And following out your idea, what play would you Eelect as the vehicle of spec- taculnr effect f — I don't think I should choose " Hamlet," because it is too serious and melancholy all through for any glaring effects to bo pro duced, but I should think "Richard III." or " Macbeth," butthen Macbeth never did dra w tlio people. "Othello" would be a very good piece, but I very much doubt if it could ever be made a popular play. Naturally the comedies — " Much Ado About Nothing," for instance, ns Irving has already proved in London. ATes, adds Mr. Miln reflectively, I think when I get back to America I will treat Richard III. that way and run him for a year. Its a strange thing, isn't it. I thought I could play " Hamlet," and they tell mo here I can't — at least,' Mr. Buchanan does — and I didn't think I could play Richard, and everybody tells mo I can. And yonr stay in ' Australia ? — I sup pose I shall do the ' round of the colonies, but my engagements in America must take me back soon. I have found Australian audiences very sympathetic, particularly iu Sydney, but in Brisbano and Newcastle I think they w.ould have liked something lighter. I felt rather flattered ' in Brisbane by the way in whioh the people rolled up when- the weather was so hot. 1 wouldn't have gone near a theatre if I hadn't beon obliged. And I have been on the bear of terms with tho companies I have played with. The actors and actresses arc with you. Indeed the company I had at Her Majesty's was the mo3t on joyable I ever played with. I have certainly felt your - oliimte. It has taken away all fear -of what may be in store in a ' future state for though _ iv o have hotter weather in America it is not so close aud oppressive. " Aud I suppose you would like mo to say i omething about youi! harbour, Ab (putting on the air of melancholy .Taques) well, on tli030 hot days, or'an.y other days, I think I would find most' enjoyment iu a diver's snit, and looking for that box of sovereigns off the Alameda. Now, one word about your Shakespeare readings.— Because I or any other actor places a different interpretation on any of Shakespeare's plays to the traditional \- one, is, to my mind, one of the suiest signs of Shakespeare's genius. It a simple mind, untutored, could attack tho text of Shakespeare, and understand it instantly, it would scam that there was no very great philosophic insight ou Shakespeare's part, btioause it takes a philosopher and a scholar to understand a philosopher and a scholar. I do not pay much attention to critics, because when you answer them it i3 like a cannon ball being fired into amountain of porridge. One of tlio charms in playing Shakespeare to me is that no matter hoiv long you may play there is always some new insight, some new! thought aris ing and some now interpretation. I think critics as a rule want cheap notorioty. 1 do not apeak of the news paper critics. They have treated me well, and I have much to thank them for, and I would like you to convoy to them tho derm feeling of appreciation with which I shall ( vor regard thorn. 5 ' i 