FREE AT ]I:AST. CHAPTER XXXI. TilE DESPAIR OF IALLY A5nRUEUS. 'Oh no, I am not. "And if I were I would not marry her, now that I know that Lally lives. My father threatened me with arrest and imprisonment if I did not give Lally up. He assured me that the marriage was null end void, and that he would provide for my poor girl. -I'm a coward, Miss Wroat, a poor, pitiful coward, and I have had all my life long a deadly fear of my father; You c..nnot understand that fear; perhaps no one can : but I shall fling off that awe and terror of him, and henceforth be my own master. I was one and twenty yesterday; and I am now accountable alone to heaven and to the laws of my country. I love l?lly, and Lally alone, in all the world. I am going to try to be worthy of her. She is poor, and I am poor; but if she will take me back. again,' said Rufus, humbly, ' we will 'begin life anew. and I will try -to be a . better man. I will work for- her, and I'll try to be a great a painter, so that she may be proud of me. And if I can't be that, I'll be anything that is honest and manly to earn our support. I know you have a poor opinion of me, madam, and I know I deserve it. I don't amount to much from any point of view, but if you would intercede for me with Lally, and beg her to try me again and marry me, I will bless you always as my benefac% tress and saviour.' The young man's humility and anguished pleading touched the heart of Mrs Peters, but she steeled herself against him, and said ' Mr Black, I am sorry for you. I believe that you moan what you say now, but if you were once to get under your father's influence again, Miss Lially would be as unhappy as ever. I advise you to go back to Miss Wynde, and leave Lally here. In time she may marry an honourable and upright gentleman, with whom she will be far happier than the could be with you, I am sure.' A quick flush of jealousy or~'rspread the youth's face. His eyes glared at Mr! Peters with a hunted expression. ' She won't marry again until I die, or the law has freed her from me,' he, exclaimed. ' I would never have pros posed marriage to Miss Wynde, had I not supposed Lally to be dead. She is my wife, madam, and I'll declare her -to be such until she herself forbids me to do so. If she marries any other man, 1'll kill him !' \- The young man's jealous fury was succeeded by an instant and terrible 1 despair. ' Forgive me,' he said humbly. ' What am I, to talk of controlling Lally's movements I I have forfeited a and upon =her me back, can only go lo pedition, I If she will stretch out her hand to t save me, I will be her slave. Will you not take a brief message to her from me, madam-only a few words 4 Mrs Peters fancied she heard a light step in the hall. She listened, but convinced of her mistake, said. nervously and hastily 'I cannot convey your message, sir. I repeat that you cannot see her under this roof' t ' How sunmarily you dispose of-the happiness and thJ destiny of .a. fellow being,' said Rufus despairingly, and reproachfully. 'I would - ee. her in your presence.' - ' You cannot. You-have "prolonged this interview beyond bounds, sir. Take my advice, and go back to Miss Wynde. I must bid you good evening Mr Black. You can go out at this garden door, if you please.' Mrs Peters threw open the garden door, and a gust of chill wind swept in, nearly extinguishing the lights. Rufus hesitated, but the door remained open, and Mrs Peters looked Eo grim and stern that he obeyed her without a murmur, and went out in a dead silence, his wild eyes giving her a last look of reproach and despair. . A minute later, she heard his cab roll away from the house. ' I wonder if I have done right,' the woman muttered uneasily, as she closed the door. 'I have taken a great responsibility upon myself in deciding the fate of my young mistress. I almost wish that I had let him see her but then she is so young, and tender and pitiful, she would be sure to take him back again.w' His eyes will haunt me. He looked as a man might look on his way to execution.' At that moment the library, door was tried from the~ hall,. and an imperious little khock sounded upon the panels.. 'Peters, cricd Lally, from without, in an agitated voice, 'let me in-let me in' ' Peters calmed her face, and hastened to unlock the door. ally swept in impetuously, her gipsy face aglow, her black eyes full of fire, her chest pantng. She held in one hand a gentleman's glove, which she had just picked up on the hall floor. Her keen eyes swept the room, and her countenance fell with dissappoint ment at finding Mrs Peters alone. 'I heard a carriage go away just now, Petere,' she cried. ' Who has been here 1 ' Was it not the wind, mise 1 cried Peters flushing i ' No! I heard wheels geing down the drive. And here is something I e found in the hall, Peters-a man's rglove. Whose is it I Mrs Peters hesitated is Lally repeated the question. SIt might be ¶oppen'a miss--' -'It might be, but it isn't,' said Lally It full of suppressed excitement, and that made her strangely beautiful. 'This n is a gentleman's glove. See how so':, t andfine the kid is. The colour is just the shade of lavender that Rufuo used to wear when h ore gloves, t and it has just the jessa e scent he used to drop always into is gloves. a And-and here is one the very r glove-buttons he used t slip from one glove to another. I uld know that small gold knob, wit its chased 1 edge anywhere. Peters, has been here! Eufus has been he 1 The flushing, agitated face If Mrs Peters confessed the truth. 'He has followed us up jom London, cried Lally, her eyes glowing li sanns. 'He has come after me, and trac me to this place. He loves me still-he zt love me, Peters ! Be must love me bet r than Miss Wyndc I' 'He said so, Miss Lally.' ' Ah, then it is true! But why did he go away without seeing me? Why did you not call me? Perhaps he will give up all for me, thinking me still poor liLe himself?' 'He said he would,Miss Lally,' stated poor honest Mrs Peters, driven to full confession; '"He thinks that I am Miss Wroat, and that you are Mls Peters, my poor companion; and he says he loves you. and wants to marry you ; but he is as unstable and cowardly, and I knew you ought to make a grand marriage, with your face and fortune, and o- d so, MissLally, I senthim o, and he's gone back to England and to Miss Wynde.' Poor Lally stared at her maid with dilating eyes and horror-stricken counten ance. I hen she said,in a wailing voice Oh, Peters, you meant well I know; but -nrt you've broken my heart I' And with a low, wild moan, Lally fell to can? in a deed swoon. CHAPTER XXXII. SIR OIAROLD WYNDE'S RETURN. That night upon which Rufus Black 1 visited Heather Bills, and was sent away in great despair, was a wild night tli: oghout I Great Britain and upon its coasts. The gale was long to be remembered for its wild violence, one so severe rot having been 0: perienced in the country for years. Mr Atkins the Cantc.bury solicitor, sat in his office until a late hour that night His house was in a pleasant, quiet street, in a good neighbourhood ;' and the lower 3oor wiJ occupied by his office, thedrawing-room being upon the second floor, and tihe family rooms above. The main office had an independent entrance from the street, with a door opening directly into the office--a convenient arrangement duly appreciated by Mrs Atkins, as it left the house entrance f.ee to her family and guests. The solicitor had changed somewhat since his first introduction to the reader. Hi, honest face lad grovn thin and sallow, his heir was streaked with gray, and there were anxious lines about his mouth and eyes th'st told of unrest and trouble. ' An awful night,' sighed the solicitor. 'I have a strange feeling as if something were going to happen!' He shifted unessily in his chair, and bent forward. and laid fresh coals upon the fire. Then he leaned bac? ain and tho ght. Thu fficeec"l4.0-?,aal the led -ehangorstrund ;e -atkin' in sgnervolu mood with singul3. pleaanatness. Befoie the echo of the last troko had died out, footsteps were heard in the street, unsteaiy and wavering, as if the pedestrian were bat tiiag with the storm, and found it difficult te advance against it. 'Some poor fellow,' thought Mr Atkins. 'He must be homeless to be out at this hour and in such a gale.' The steps cane nearer still and nearer, their sounds being now and then lost in the tumult of the winds. They paused at the foot of the solicitor's office steps, and then slowly mounted to the door. 'Who car it be at this time of night? muttered Mr Atkins. -'Some vagabond who means to sleep on my steps ? Or it is some houseless wanderer, who sees my light through the shutters, and is come to beg of me?' It almost seemed as if it were the latter, for the office lights did gleam out into the black streets, and lighted up a p. ~ch of pavement. A knock, low and unsteady, was rung upon the knocker. Mr Atkins hesitated. He was not a timid man, but he had no client who found it necessary to visit him at that hour; : nd his cL.itor, he thought, was as likely to be some dc perate vagrant or professional thief as an honest man. The knock, low and faint and implori, g, sornded again. It seemed to the solicitor as if there was something especially guarded and secret in the ranner of it. He arose and took from his .fice desk a lo.ded p'stol, and placed it in his breast pocket. , Then he went to the door, and undid the bars and bolts, throwiLg it half way open, and peer. - ing out. A man stood upon the steps, muffled in a thick long overcoat, whose fur collar was turned up above his carr. A slouched hat was drawn over his face, and Mr Atkins could not distinguisha feature of his face. ' Who is it!' asked the solicitor, Iis h~nd feelingfor his pistol. w-.-' - 'An old friend,' was the reply, nla hoarse' whisper. I must see you. Let me in, Atkins.' He stepped forword, with san air of com mand that impressed Atkins, who involun tarily stepped aside, giving the stranger ad mittonce. " The new-comer quietly tuned the key in the lock. Atkins clutchejl his pistol, quietly upon his guard. SWho are you?'" he demandl. What do The ttranger took off his lat, revealing the upper portion of a noble lead, crowned with grizzled hair. Then slovly he turned down his great coat collar, r d stood before Atkins without rlisguisn displaying a grandly noble face, with ks blue eyes, a pale bronzed countenane e'md sternly set lips above a gray military brd. Atkins's hand dropped t is side. With a wild and stifled shriek, staggered to a chair, his eyes glaring wild at thestranger. ' Oh heaven I' he cried, ith white lips. SSir Harold Wynde 1' ?SirHarold-for it w indeed he, re turnmed that day to Eng after a pr longed journey from In amiled his old warm smile, and held on is hand. SSir Harold Wynde I' re ted Atkins0 not taking the hand ; ' wh o died-' ' I cangiveyou the I f proofs, Atkins, that I did notdie in In oaid thehoaet I with a cheery little '. You look at I ?ne?watghoelt Fel hand, -Isitanot .. .e the real flesh and blood I was not eaten by the tigers, Atkins; but I have been kept I a prisoner in the hands of human tigers t until I managed to escape lastmonth. You k iow me now, and that I am no ghost ? a Atkins rose up, pale and trembling still, I but wish an unutterable joy on his face. C 'It is Sir Harold, alive, and in the flesh ' he exclaimed. ' Sir Harold whom we mourned as dead. 'This is a miracle 1' I ' He clasped the baronet's hand, and . laughed and cried in a breath. He Leemed overflowing with his great joy. The baronet held the trembling hand of his friend in a strong, restful pres sure for some minutes, during which not a word was spoken between them. Their hearts were fall. * I am not myself to.night, Sir Harold,' said Atkins, brokenly, after a litt'e. ' I have been upset lately.' He drew Sir Harold towards the fire, and drew a chair close beside him, and asked, tremulously ' Have you been to Hawkhurst yet, Sir Harold I' 'No. I arrived in C..nthrbury In hour ago, and as soon as I had food I came to you. I want you to go with me to Hawkhurst, and to break the news that I still live to my wife and daughter. I have prayed for this hourI Almost home! My home I-my wife ! -my child I Come Atkins, let us be offIl' Mr Atkins trembled, and covered his face with his hands. i ' I-I wouldn't go to, night Sir Harold,' he said, feebly. ? Something in his tones alarmed the baronet. ' Why not -I Speak !' he demanded. Atkins arose, twisting his hands nervously together. His pallor fright. Iened Sir Harold, who arose also. ' What is it !' he whispered. 'They -they are not dead "' 'No, Sir Harold; no !' ' What is it, then 1 Speak, for heaven's sake. The suspense is killing me !' ' 'I have bad news for you, Sir Harold,' s.id Atkins. 'Lady Wynde- how can I speak the words to you who, love her so l-Lady Wynde has married again !' Every vestige of colour died from the baronet's face, and he lay back upon his chair, fainting. " Atkins ran for water and brandy: He bathed Sir Harold's face and chafed his hands, and poured brandy down his throat, the tears on his own cheeks. P:eaently Sir Harold gasped for breath, and looked up at him with a dazed and stunned expression. .' Say that over again, Atkins,' he saifeebly. ' I don't quite understand.' ' aid, Sir Harold,' said the solicitor every rd giving him a pang. ' that Lady ynde hadmarried again.' Sir a strange cry, and coved th his hands. I Atk'lns. ad a happy escape from her heartless, unprin cipled .-' ir 'aro!d put up his hand. ' Don't 1' he said pleadingly. You hurt me Atkins. She thought me dead, my poor Octavia. Whem whom did she marry ' 'A gamester and adventurer named Craven Black. During the past month, Sir Harold, I haveodevoted such time to study of Mrs Craven Black's antes cedents. Forgive-me, bir Harold, but in this hour you must know all the truth. 1 am like the physician who cuts deeply to extract a ball. Sir Harold the woman you married was never fit to be taken into your family ; she was never fit to be placed as step, mother and guardian over a pure young girl--' ' Atkins she is my wife. Mine still, although another claims her. I. will not hear a word against her.' ' You must hear it, Sir Harold,' said Atkins, resolutely. ' If you do not hear it from me, others less kind will pour it into your ears. You can not escape the knowledge. As I said, during the past! month I have well studied Lady Wynde's antecedents. I have seen Mrs Hyde, Lady Wynde's aunt, and I have also seen a former maid of her ladyship. I tell you, Sir Harold, and I pray you to foigive me for telling you the truth, the woman you married never loved you. She married you only as a part of a daring conspiracy---' 'Atkins I' ' It is true, so help'me heaven I cried Atkins solemnly. 'Lady Wynde-I suppose she is Lady Wynde still.-Her last marriage being rendered invalid by your return to the living, as one might say-Lady Wynde was engag?· to marry Craven Black before she ever on? ?wyou, _rya-Hyadtold6me this her. 'I cannot believe it ' ' raven Black was poor, and so was Octavia Hathaway. You were at Brighton, rich, a widower.: raven \- Black conceived the idea that Octavia should win and wed you, and secure a r rich jointure, upon which, in due time, having rid themselves of you, they should marry.' 'This is monstrou 'I A tkins, you are deceived. You are belying a noble woman I' ' Hear the rest, Sir Harold. As I heaven is my judge, I believe your wife married you intending to poison Sir Harold shook his head, The Sidea seemed to monstrous for belief ' That affair in the water at Brighton was planned beforehand,' persiseted SAtkins. 'Yon rescued the lady, as was expected of you. She followed up the acquaintance, and married you. You went to India; and I believe if you had not gone, you would have died here suddenly of poison. When lady Wynde had worn mourning a year in Smoast decorous fhishion, Craven Black and his son came up to Wyndham, and early in September there were grand Sfeativities at LBawkhurst, at the third marriage of Iadj Wynde. There was aballat the great ho and ball :or the tenantry on the lawn, with al music and fireworks. It was for all n the world an affair such as might have tl greeted the cwming of age of an heir to sl a grand property, rather than the c marriage of a widow from the house ii of her late husband to a notorious ad venturer.' 1' lir Harold groaned heavily. ' And they are at Hawkhurst now ' he said, in a voice so altered that Atkins hardly recognized it. ' No; they have ben away for a month.' ' You understan1I ti at all these charges are not pr. ved 'gag'et lady. Wynde r said Sir Barold. ' I shall take my wife back again Atkih, if she will come, and I ,rill stand b?(tween her and the censu; of a go~i ing world.' 'Did you write from India the ni ght before you disappiared, enjoining your daughter by her love for you to marry 1 the son of Otaver) Black r demanded Atkins, abruptly.i 'No ; how shorld [ ' I don't know -Cravve -Bhakr e his.son.' Atkins went to hip desk, and took I out a letter. ' Read that, Sir Harold,' he said, 1 returning and presenting it to the baronet. ' ady Wynde gave that letter to Miss Wynde, telling her it was your last letter to your daughter, written on the eve of your supposed death.' Sir4Harold read the letter to the very end, an awful sternness gathering on his countenance. The tender epithets by which he had called his daughter, his particular modes of speech, and: .his own phraseology, in that skilfully forged letter, staggered him. 'I never wrote it,' he said, briefly ' It is a base forgery I' 'Of course. I knew that. But Lady Wynde gave it to Miss Neva, declaring it to be your last letter.' ' Who is this Rufus Black !' ' A' weaksouled, kindly young fellow, the son of a villain, and a ready instrument in the hands of his father, He loves Miss Neva, and proposed to her. She, however, loves Lord Towyn ' Lord Towyn ! My old college-.mate! 'No, his son. Arthur has come into the title and property, and is as noble a youing man as any, in England, Miss Neva favoured him, and the result is Lady Wynde and Craven Black conceived a hatred of your daughter, and determined to bend her to their will. Sir Harold, as heaven hears me, Lady Wynde is a wicked, unscrun pulous woman.' Sir Harold's face was deathly white. The letter still held in his trembling hands, was a proof of his wife's wicked, ness, and he began to be convinced that he had been cruelly deceived by an unprincipled woman. I' It wouild have beentbetter if I had died in India i' he moaned. - i ' Not so. Sir Harold there is more to bear. Can you bear another blow 1 Sir Harold bowed; he was too broken to speak, SA month -ago, Lady Wynde, with, her new husband and Miss Wynde, went away, ostensibly to Wynde Heights. But they did not go there. A letter came from Brussels to I"rd Tovyn,. purporting to be from Miss Wynde, but Lord Towyn went to Brussels, and discovered that the young lady and her enemies have not been there. We have had detectives at work tor weeks; Lord Town is at work day and night, scarcely knowing rest. and I have done all that I could, but the fact remains. Craven Black ani his wife have abducted Miss Wynde, and heaven alone, beside, her enemies, knows where she is.'' The baronet leaped to his feet. 'Neva missing !' he cried. 'Yes Sir Harold, missing for a month past, and she is in the hands of enemies who would not scruple to take her life, if they could hope to make money by her death. We hive I seached Great Britain for her, and have detectives at this moment upon the Continent. She is gone-lost ! r Her enemies have determined to force r her into a marriage with Rufus Black, e and'to seize upon her property, She 1 is helpless in their hands. You have s retuqped in time to help search for her, :but I am hopeless.' We shall never find her except she is dead, or married I to the son of that villain I' I Sir Harold was about to'speak, but r his voice choked. He leaned against Shis chair, looking like one dying. e And at that juncture, while the I wind tore yet more madly through the r streets, footsteps were heard ascending : to the atrest dedoi othe office, and for the second time that night, the office knocker sounded lowly, secretly, and Scautiooasly, yet with an imperiousness t that command an instant admittance. a CHAPT? XXXMII S ON THE cIGBT TRACK AT LAST. The conclusion of the low and y cautious knocking upon the office door of Mk Atkins was lost in a wild burst i of the gale which tore along the streets Sshrieking and moaning like some maddened demon. Sir Harold Wynde a and Mr Atkins looked at each other, r and then both glanced at the clock. It a was upon the stroke of t ielve. 'A late hour for a call,' said the a baronet uneasily. ' 1 have no wish to be seen, Atkins. I am in no mood to a encounter a possible client of yours.' L The knock sounded again,in the lull a of-the storm, low, secret, and im. p perative. Atkins's face brightened up with sudden relief and joy, ' I know that knock,' he said. I 'Please step into the inner office, Sir y Harald. You shall see no one but riends to-night.' c. He opened the door of the small dl dark inner office, and Sir Harold passed d in and srtood in the darknees, leaving I the door alightly ajar. s' Atkins uhastened, to open the outer IlIdoor, A gloatotwiudaweptfercslyin and with it, and as if impelled by it, a man! hurried. into the office, and closed the door with both his hands. He was slight, but so muffled in coat- collar and cap that no one could have guessed his identity. Lord Towyn ' said Atkins, doubt (To be continued) 