NOTES AKD COMMENTS. Tbe discovery of a Eoman pavement^ composed of red tile and white Btone, has just been made at Furzebrook, near Ware ham, and about a mile from Corfe Castle, Dorset On further excavations being made by Mr Laurence Pike, the foundation of a large building- and fragments of Kim raerage coin, potter}', bones, horns, &c;, have been found. & t*r*r«Vklii cr*-iVti- Was TClfalf*S5;W^ taifiiv \n a menagerie at Hohenniaut, in Bohemia. A young female lion-tamer, Fraulien Baum garten, had entered the cage to commence her usual performance, when first a lionj and afterwards a powerful Bengal tiger, were let in. Tiie latter animal was no sooner inside than it sprang upon the girl, seized lierby the throat, and began dragging her about in the cage. Before anyone could interfere, the animal commenced literally to devour the unfortunate girl be fore the very eyes of tbe horrified public. In tbe end tbe girl was got away from the savage beast, and taken out of tiie den, but she was already dead, and fearfully muti lated. The proprietor of the show has since admitted that this same tiger had already killed two people. Dr. Nonnan Macleod tells a story which gives a good idea of tbe Scottish matterof fact view of tilings being brought to bear upon a religious question without meaning to be profane or irreverent. He iras on a Highland loch when a storm came on which threatened serious consequences. Dr. Macleod, himself a large, powerful man, was accompanied by a clericalfriend of diminu tive size and Email appearance, who began to speak seriously to the boatmen of their danger, and proposed that all present should join in prayer. ' Ka, na,' said the chief boatman, ' let the little' ane gang to pray, but first the i-ig ane maun tak' an oor.' A venerable institution is threatened. The City Lands Committee have proposed the demolition of Newgate Prison, together with the old Bailey Court, and the erection of a new sessions court and shops on tiie site. Tlieir proposal is sure of acceptance, and London will lose a building rou'nd which many gloomy -associations have gathered. The existing prison, however is not in itself very old. It was erected in 1 783 to replace the gaol which Lord George Gordon's followers had burnt down. The same year also witnessed the discontinuance of executions at Tyburn. As the town began to spread up Holbom and Oxford street, tbe processions to Tyburn became more dangerous and disorderly, and a timely reform located future executions in Newgate. The attendance at public execu tions soon made England famous, and ' parties ' were made up ovemijjht to go down to a banging, an institution which lias been burlesqued in the ?' Ingoldsby Legends,' and treated more gravely by Thackeray. As there were 200 capital offences in 1783, executions were abundant. Sir Samuel Romilly's reforms, and the gradual purgation of tbe capital list reduced the number. But it was not till 1868 that the public were deprived of access to executions. Newgate, after that time be came merely a ghost of its past, and now' that it is to be pulled down its memory will live on only in literature. Among those present at the recent funeral obsequies of Admiral Jaures, in Paris, was Marshal MacMahon, who wore tbe uniform of his rank as Marshal of France. While returning on foot to his residence lie was recognised by the people, and met with a great ovation ; shouts being raised of 'Long Live MaeBIahon!' The Marshal appeared affected and surprised at this demonstration. The people thron ged around him to such an extent that the police had to make a way for him through tiie crowd. 