TALE: The Ghost Dead-Bell. It is now many years since I was quartered with my regiment in Vienna. Among the acquaintances which I formed there was a young nobleman who was in the Imperial Guard, Baron Von Steingraff. He was the sole descendant of an ancient Syrian family that had lived for centuries in a castle near Salzburg. A finer-hearted fellow could not be found in his Imperial Majesty's dominions, nor a better soldier in the army than Friedrich. Frank and gay as a companian, he was a favourite with his own sex, and a good figure, to say nothmg of a good property, made him not unacceptable with old mammas and young daughters. Friedrich, however, seemed to be no marrying man, though he had nothing misogynistic in his nature. When our friendship had grown into close intimacy I happened to banter him on the subject of matrimony, but Friedrich as- sured me gravely that he had resolved never to marry. 'Not,' said he, 'that I have any disincli- nation to the matrimonial state, but Fate, cruel and inexorable, has forbidden me to enter into it.' I stared at him in silent surprise. After a moment he told me how, when a child, he had met a Ziegeunerinn, or gipsy woman, from Bohemia, as he crossed a wood near the Schloss. She had stopped him, looked into his hand and said— 'Young Herr, when you go to marry a wife, take heed. The way to God's Altar lies through God's acre!' 'Well!' cried I, laughing, 'that was a safe prophecy. A man cannot well get to the church door unless he walks through the churchyard.' Friedrich shook his head. 'That was not her meaning,' said he, 'but rather that I must die on the bridal day. Therefore, dear friend, I shall never marry. You may think me su- perstitious and a fool, but there have been stranger things known to our family!' He shivered and turned pale, but just as I would have questioned him: he laid his hand on my shoulder and added, 'And now, Hauptmann, let us never speak of this again!' A year passed by and I was far away in the north of Germany, when I got a letter from Von Steingraff. It announced his coming marriage with a young lady of his own coun- try. 'My destiny,' he wrote, whatever it may be, I must work out. I could not resist my passion for my little Roeschen. So come to me as soon as you can, and who knows but your happier interpretation of the gipsy's prophecy may be the true one?' I laughed heartily as I closed the letter. The old story! Woman's tongue had over- come man's resolve—pretty Roeschen had whipped the withered gipsy from the field! and so saying, I packed for my journey and the morrow found me en route. At the close of a lovely autumn day I drove along the road between Salzburg and St. Gilgen where it skirts the picturesque little lake of Mondsoe, so snugly embosomed in precipitous hills clothed with pine and larch. Not far from this stood the schloss of my friend, built close to the ruins of a suppressed monastery, and sheltered by the dark forest on whose tree-tops the evening sun glinted warmly. Thither I worked my way—but slowly—for the approach was steep and cir- cuitous, and by the time I reached the en- trance and stood under the heavy arches of the doorway the sun had set and the great stone mass of building was lying in gloom. This gave me a strange unpleasant feeling, which increased as I stood knocking for many minutes at the heavy open portal without re- sponse from within. Was I, then, not expected! And at this hour I shook off a sensation of nervousness, and beat loudly on the paneling with my closed fist and with the heavy handle of my riding-whip. There was the sound of the slipping of bolts on the inner door, and with a sense of relief I knew that my last summons had been answered. Then the door opened and before me stood a person who looked more like a holkznecth, or woodsman, of the district than the servitor of a well-ordered establishment such as I believe Friedrich's to be. He car- ried a lamp in his hand and over it he regar- ded me suspiciously. I stated who I was, and desired him to conduct me to his master. To this he made no reply but shaking his ill- looking head motioned me to follow. We crossed the great hall and entered a small chamber, where my strange guard deposited the light and left me without a word. 'A strange welcome,' I muttered 'from a bridegroom to his best man,' and then I looked about me. The room in which I stood alone was ele- gantly and most comfortably furnished. There were cases well filled with books running along the walls, and above them racks hold- ing curious weapons, many guns, spears and hunting gear. An escritoire of exquisite workmanship stood near the fireplace, but no cheerful fire glowed on the hearth, a few half burned logs lay on the iron dogs, and again the strange feeling of gloom and nervousness settled upon me. Suddenly conscious of some other presence, I looked up from the cheerless hearth. A serving man stood on the doorway. Bowing respectfully, he entered the room and in a few words solved the mystery of my strange re- ception. On the very day his master had written me he was prostrated with a serious illness and he was now in the eight day, struggling with the delirium of fever. The doctors of St. Gilgen declared the case to be hopeless, but were in almost constant atten- dance. One had just left the young Baron and had said he would return, as the crisis would occur that very night. I need not say how this intelligence affected me. I determined, of course, to await the issue and asked to be shown in Friedrich's chamber. In a few moments I stood by the bedside of my dearest friend and looked down on a poor, shattered being, with flushed face, burning lip and glazed eye, tossing and rav- ing, whose hand was unconscious of my lov- ing pressnre,whose ear turned from my words of affection. I sat beside him for hours. From time to time I could distinguish words, through his mutterings, which told how the bewildered spiirt wrestled with horrible phan- toms. With appalling incongruity he min- gled scenes of the bridal chamber and the chapel vault, now calling on his bride to wrap her grave-clothes about her, now bidding the sexton pledge him in a skull of wine. Terrible as all this was to hear and painful to see, I determined to watch through the night, and the faithful old butler begged to remain also. Indeed, I felt so nervous and distressed that I was glad of his company. The doctor was to return at midnight. When it wanted but two hours of that time, Friedrich who had gradually ceased his raving, fell into a stupor. I left the bedside and went to sit by the fire. Old Klaus threw on a fresh log and filled a glass with Hungarian wine from a flask on the table. I noticed that the old fellow's hand trembled and that his eyes were full of tears. I spoke a few words of comfort and he sobbed aloud: 'Alas! Herr Hauptmann, my mind mis- gives me sadly! I fear, every moment, that I shall hear the dismal ringing of the Ghost Dead-Bell!' At this uncanny title, I shivered. 'But what may that be?' I asked anxiously. 'Ach! What an old fool I am. I forget some- times—but forgive it!' 'But Klaus,' said I, 'what did you mean?' Klaus bent toward me, his old face drawn with fear. 'The bell that rings out the life of every Von Steingraff,' said he, with sup- pressed emotion. I suppose I looked both startled and inter- ested, and the old servant, glad of sympathy and attention, continued in a hushed voice. 'Mayhap you observed the monastery near the castle, sir, as you came up the drive?' 'Ay, Klaus, and a fine, old ruin it is, with its bell-tower still standing!' 'A ruin now, sir, but it was once a grand and holy place with its lord abbot, and monks and broad, rich lands. Well, sir, a longtime ago—I don't know how many hundred years —the Baron Steingraff of that day who lived then in the old Schloss higher up in the hills above the Krotensae—had a quarrel with the abbot. The baron was a fierce and haughty man that cared little for church and priest, and the abbot was as haughty in his way, so the feud grew deadlier every day. At last the abbot swore on the holy relics of Saint Wolfgang that he would excommunicate the baron. And the baron swore by the cross upon his sword hilt that he would tear the frock off the abbot's back and drive him and his monks out of the monastery. The abbot was as good as his word, and so, on the feast of the blessed Saint Wolfgang, he and all his monks walked in procession through the church up to the high altar, and the great book was opened and the anathemas read, and then the bell was tolled and the lighted candles extinguished and thus the baron was excommunicated. 'Well! The bell was still tolling and the priests were on their way back down the aisle when the shouts of the baron and his wild men-at-arms, his jagers and holvknechts rang at the walls and sledges and great pine beams were battering at the gates. 'Short work they made of it! 'One mad fellow seized a splinter of wood and lit it at the altar and then he fired the panels and the roof and the dry wood was all soon in a blaze. The baron, as if possessed by an evil spirit, seized the bell-rope and rung out a wild peal of triumph. But the abbot walked up to him, dressed in all his robes, and holding up his hands cursed him in the J name of the Blessed Trinity, and said— ' 'As the Evil One peals that bell now through your hands, so shall he peal it when he claims the soul as it passes from the body of you and of your son, and of your son's son, in seculia, saeculorum, Amen!' 'So saying, the abbot called his monks and they went their way down to the Lake of Aver. But the baron and his followers threw themselves upon the holy men and tore the frocks from their backs and threw their books into the lake. The baron then seized the monstery lands and held them, too, for might was right in those days, and he built the present castle hard by the ruins of monstery lest the abbot and his retainers should rally and seek to regain their old possessions. But they never did, for the abbot was not over- loved in the country, and the baron was too powerful to be lightly meddled with, so the monks built them a new monastery, where the Church of Saint Wolfgang now stands. Time passed on and the baron had well- nigh forgotten that abbot or monk had ever dwelt within the old blackened monastery walls. 'One wild winters night the baron sat with his retainers in the great hall, drinking and revelling, as was their wont. The wind howled in gusts fitfully, and in the pauses a loud knocking was heard at the open door, the very door by which you entered this even- ing, Herr Hauptmann. The Thurhuter, when he opened the door, saw no one, though the moon was at that moment shining through the drift of the clouds, but he felt a cold blast sweep across his face. So he shut the door again, and thought it must have been the storm that had deceived him The next moment those in the hall saw a monk in a black habit, with his cowl drawn closely over his head, enter and walk up without a word to where the baron was sit- ting. Then the monk drew back his hood, and an old withered face, ghostly pale, but stein and fierce, gazed, undaunted, on the baron. 'Tausend sakerment' shouted the baron, starting in rage; 'dog of an abbot, what brings you here? Trundle out the shaveling and set the hounds upon him.' 'The abbot raised his skinny arm, and said in a hollow and solemn voice: 'This night twenty years you and I met. I am on my way to the abbey. Follow me.' 'The abbot retired as he came, no one dar- ing to hinder or to harm the holy man. ' 'Zum henker' to the hangman with him, cried the baron, choking with rage, and springing after him. That moment the old bell pealed out with a wild clang from the tower. The baron in his haste tripped over a stool and fell to the ground. When they lifted him up he was dead. 'Twas said he died of a fit. Maybe so. But that very night one of the holzknechts returning to the village from the Riesen up in the hills as he passed the tower heard the old bell pealing and saw a procession of monks following a bier, and disappearing within the ruins. Next morning tidings came, that the old abbot had died the day before at St Wolfs- gang's, but when or where he was buried nobody ever new.' Old Klaus ceased and sat looking in the fire. 'A strange wild tale;' I said, lightly, un- willing to confess myself moved by the story. 'Has the Ghost-Bell never been heard since that time?' Old Klaus shuddered, 'Ay, sir,' he answered, gloomily, 'whenever the soul passess from the body of a Von Steingraff, but I am not willing to believe that the Evil One dare claim the spirit of my dear, young master—one so good and noble as he?' and again the old servant fell to weeping. 'Hush, Klaus, lest you disturb him,' I said hastily, although a glance at my poor Friedrich well-nigh assured me that few sounds would disturb him more. Then I paced the room and out into the hall and down the stairs, for I heard the sound of horses at the gates and I knew the physician had come. I let him go up alone, while I sat for a few moments in the little chamber I had been shown to on my arrival. I could not take my mind from the story of the Ghost-Bell. I am not naturally credulous, but the shock I had received after the weariness of my jour- ney of several days had, I suppose, told upon my nerves. I stole up once more to the sick room. The physician sat at the foot of the bed. Friedrich seemed to be sleeping quietly. I hoped this might be a good sign, but, to my enquiry, the old physician shook his head sadly: ''Tis the sleep that will wake only in death,' he answered sadly. 'An hour will decide, but be prepared for the worst—I can give but little hope.' Impelled by I know not what, I suddenly asked: 'Doctor, what would have caused this sudden illness! My friend has had the most perfect health in all his life. He once told me he had never been ill. What would have caused this fever?' 'God alone can tell!' answered the physi- cian piously. 'The young baron was with me the day previous to his illness, and bade me gaily enough to dance at his wedding. I never saw him looking better. He was on horseback, and rode swiftly out of St. Gilgen, reining up his steed for an instant, to throw money to an old gipsy, who stood, her hand outstretched by the road. Always kind,' added the good doctor, 'always noble! I have known him thus as boy and man.' And the usually cold man of science brushed his hand across his eyes. I took his other hand in my own and pressed it warmly. Then I got to the chamber blow. Old Klause crept after me. He seemed to cling to me for sympathy. I sat down by the fire with a heavy heart. I pondered on the doctor's words. I found my- self wondering why I had put the question to him, and then I recalledd word for word, his answer. A sudden thought shot through my brain. He had spoken of an old gipsy who stood with outstretched hand by the roadside. Another scene rose before me. A fair-haired lad with his firm palm held frankly out—a withered old face bent over it, and I seemed to hear the quavering voice muttering the prophecy: 'Youngr Herr, take heed to your wedding-day! The way to God's «altar lies through God's acre!' 'Klaus!' I asked sharply, 'when was your master to have been married?' for Friedrich had mentioned no day in his letter—'We will talk over everything when you come,' he wrote. 'Ach, Mein Herr! But to-morrow!' I seemed to turn cold all over. To think of other things I questioned Klaus concerning the young Roeschen, whose cup of happiness was so soon to be dashed from her lips. I learned that she was lovely and amiable and deeply enamoured of her handsome lover. His illness had been kept from her as long as possible, and though she knew her marriage must be postponed, she dreamed, as yet, of no change. 'Alas!' said Klaus, 'should my lord not recover, I fear it will go hard with the sweet young lady, for she loves him more than life. Who knows but there may be two burials rather than one bridal.' 'The way to God's altar lies through God's acre!' Would the words ever cease ringing in my ears? I shook myself impatiently. A coin- cidence—a sad coincidence—that was all! And my grief had surely unsettled my mind. I picked up a book from one of the shelves and tried to read. The words swam on the page. Not a sound was to be heard save the ticking of the great clock in the hall. I laid down the book and sighed. Just then the clock tolled the midnight hour. The deep bell struck twelve times loud and clear, and mechanically I counted every stroke. Midnight! A sudden thought—the crisis. Then my poor Friedrich might, even now, be passing the portal of Eternity! I was about to speak to Klaus when I discovered that he slept, exhausted, on the hearth. 'Poor faithful soul!' thought I. 'Rest there awhile—you may awake to the deepest grief.' For I realized that he, like myself— like, Roeschen—must lose, with Friedrich, that which he best loved on earth. So I rose noiselessly, and passed sadly and alone into the great stone hall. A breath of cold air swept my cheek. It came from the end of the hall—down there, toward the outer doors. I was pierced through with its chill touch. Certainly, the outer doors must be open! Could Klaus, in his anxiety, have forgotten to close them after the doctor's entrance? I peered through the vista of dimly-lighted arches toward the en- trance and moved a few steps in that direc- tion. As I did so, I was sure I heard a muffled knocking at the portal. I listened intently, and after a moment the sound was repeated and followed almost immediately by the slipping of a bolt. Still I saw no one and I concluded the sounds must come from some other part of the Schloss. I was about to turn and desist from investigation, when I again felt that icy blast sweep my face and throat. Thoroughly startled, I strained my eyes to see more clearly before me, they became gradually accustomed to the semi-darkness and I perceived the massive doors swing in- ward on their great iron hinges, to admit a tall, dark figure in hood and cloak. 'A priest!' I thought, instantly; then the thought was succeeded by another. 'Friedrich is not a Catholic! Who has sum- moned him? The doctor, perhaps!' And then again: 'Who has admitted him?' I, myself had seen this dark figure pass through doors bolted and barred! I had heard his muffled knocking! I saw him, now, before me—and yet of a certainty I knew that none had bade him enter nor had any hand unclosed the gates to give him entrance! Smitten with a nameless, fear I stood, or rather leaned, against one the stone pillars for support. The dark figure now moved toward me down the hall. Nearer—nearer it came and I saw that I was right—it was the figure of a priest. As he passed close beside me his cowl fell back and revealed an old, wrinkled, ashy face in which were set two gleaming eyes—black and evil. He looked not to the right nor to the left, but as he passed up the wide stairs, he raised one thin, white hand above his head and the dark sleeve fell back and showed the skinny, withered arm, bare to the elbow. I stood frozen with terror to the spot—I know not how long—when a harsh sound smote upon my ear. It was followed by a shrill scream and old Klaus rushed from the room and threw himself at my feet. 'God have mercy upon us,' he shrieked, almost crazed with fright, 'the Ghost- Bell!' Again came the harsh sound—the clanging of an iron bell! It smote cruelly upon my shattered sense—wild, fitful, irregular—and, God forgive me! not as human hand could have rung it! I flew up the stairs—Klaus close behind me. In a moment I was in the Baron's chamber The physician laid his cold hand on mine—I saw the truth written in his face— 'It is over,' he said. 'He is dead!' —Dublin University Magazine. 