Why Clark Russell Abandoned theSea. (newyork -world.) 3A .one very, small particular indeed 1 may claim to resemble the poet Wordsworth : I am not one who much or oft delights To season my friends with personal talk — but having been asked to contribute " some thing of a slim, = autobiographical character, it has occurred to me to convert the proposal into an opportunity, that I may be enabled to \- A- 1 irorir rtftpll answer a question uae uc — put to me since the first of my ocean stones, "-The Wreck of the Grosvenor," found a public in America. Why did I give up the sea ? ..... " How did it happen, Mr. Clark Russell, that you should have abandoned a vocation which you are never weary of writing about i There is not a page in your novels but expresses you as au ardent admirer of the deep in every phase of its variable mind. You create some fairy fabric of ship or yacht, and love it to vitality.' Whatmade you give up the sea, then r— you who are assuredly abreast of most nau tical men in appreciation of the many as in re luctance to admit the sombre characteristic of a calling that has hoisted your tight little island to the world's masthead r " This is the gist of a fair proportion of the letters I have received from a great number of correspondents in all parts of America since I made my first nautical scrape. The recurrence of the question lias positively grown teasing. I grasp, therefore, with avidity the chance now offered me to extinguish for ever, I hope, an almost stereotyped interrogatory : Why did I give up the sea 'i I might answer this in a single sentence: Because i was sick of it. What fruit do the. idealisms of the schoolboy bear when the little creature swaggers with a badge upon his cap and . a belt around his waist and brass buttons upon his jacket '( I have plucked and eaten of that growth, and I protest there is nothing in the romance and poetry of the ocean to render endurable to what I must term the memory of my palate the sickening flavour of the pork, the odious steam of the pea-soup, the insufferable smell of warm soup and boulli upon which I was regaled for over eight years of my young life. But to proceed artistically. It was in the last ship I ever served aboard of as a sailor. Her name was the Duncan Dunbar. She was a well-known Australian trade and passenger craft named after her owner, a huge, fat, self- made purple-face Scotchman with a turtle-soup accent, if you know what that means, and some two millions sterling to his earnings. She was commanded by a type of skipper now very nearly extinct, a figure formed of oval shanks and up and down arms, and carrot-shaped fingers curled like fish-hooks. In the centre of his crimson face shone a fiery pimple of a nose, on either side of which was a small rheumatic, deep-sunk eye. His one headgear, in storm or shine, blow high, blow low, was a tall silk hat, a tolerably crnnd nnp -fnv Snndsv nnd n. ftbnr'tino- lxr bar! rm#> — rusty as though still reflecting the angry blush of a stormy sunset — for week days and nights. I was this little old man's third mate — no very distinctive position to fill, though it was not without its "minute and vexatious duties and responsibilities. He did not love me — he once caught me mimicking him ; I was imitating his walk and bearing, and looking up at the break of the poop, I met his eye. There was not much of it, indeed, to meet, but what little there was shone with, resentment like the glowiug end of a cigarette. a row with the captain. He durst not challenge my meaning, for I was acting before a number of passengers, and an explanation must have proved more em barrassing to him than to me ; but he was afterwards always on the look-out to punish by humiliating me. As an example, an order was given to reef topsails. I sprang into the rigging for the weather maintopsail earing, but before I was up to the f uttoek shrouds the old man was again roaring: " Come down, Mr. Iiussell, come down, air : You're too young, sir! You hain't got beef enough in ye for such work! Lay down, sir, before you're overboard ! " There were many lady passen gers ou deck at the time, and I continued my climb, heedless of his yells, hot .as fire with wrath and shame from my toes to the topmost curl 011 my head. Well, now, the Dunbar Dunbar, homeward bound from Sydney, was approaching the longi tude of the Horn. We were very far north ; the old man had got some half -muddled notion of the Great Circle sailing under his chimney-pot hat, and we were as high as fifty -nine or sixty degrees, running one afternoon before a gale of wind from the westward, a sea as tall as our inizzentop following us till, if you stood aft-and watched the slope of the ship's long flying body when the huge foaming knoll took her fgiy under her roaring counter, 'twas like looking down a steep hill, with the curve of the bow fiat as a spoon in the livid hollow and the well- steered bowsprit and jibbooms a horizontal line. Our canvas was a narrow band of close-reefed maintopsail and a foretopmast staysail. Though about 2 . o'clock 111 the afternoon watch, the month being May, it was more a sort of visible flying dust than daylight all about us, often hoary with such snow squalls as you must enter those parallels to meet with the like of ; so that again and again, to an observer standing aft, the ship seemed cut in two, all forward of the mainmast hidden in the boiling smother of flakes and the two fellows grinding at the wheel dim as ureams, as you looked at them from the break of the poop. - It was at this break of the poop that I was standing with the chief mate ; the skipper was aft holding on by the vang that steadied the mizzeu gaff ; the hands were under cover. There were two men forward ou the lookout for iceVbut they only showed at intervals when the snow thinned and let the topgallant forecastle gleam out crystal white. The roaring of the wind was like thunder about our mastheads, but the speed of the ship, that was probably twelve knots an hour, took a portion of the weight out of it, and it was possible to converse. The mate was a Scotchman, the most agreeable person I was ever associated with at sea ; a sailor of intelli gence and of great experience, who was good enough to haul his wind for me in proportion as my bow-legged friend aft made sail t'other way. ' AN ICEEEKGr DEAD AHEAD. This gentleman and I were chatting very ami ably together as we overhang the brass rail when suddenly he stiffened himself up like a inarlin-spike and fell a sniffing violently as though to the sudden rising of some evil odour "I smell ice ."' said he. 1 sniffed a-ain but could taste nothing but snow. " There's ice in the neighbourhood !" cried he, still suiffino-, and was about to hail the forecastle, whenthere arose a loud and fearful cry from that quarter of the. ship, "Ice right ahead, sir !" 4 4 ice right ahead!" shrieked the mate, wheeling round to the captain. "I see it, sir, i £eg it!" howled the skipper, ."bard up, hard up!" The spokes flashed in the hands of the two seamen like the driving wheel of a locomotive, and the. whole ship, rising to the height of a huge Pacific surge, paid off with the iiimbleness of something sentient in terror of its life; whilst at the instant right over the star- board cathead there leapt out of the whirling, whitened gloom an Alpine height of ice, a prodigious berg with its summits obscured, leaving it to seem thousands of feet high to the imagination. The sea broke in hills of foam against its weather side ; the re verberation of the gale in chasm, ravine, and gorge came to the ear with the uproar of a hundred broadsides through the pouring winds that produced the amazing sounds ; it showed green, glittering, ghastly, then vanished abeam amid the rattling of the main topsail and tiie shock of the blows of bumps of floating ice rushing along our bends. . lTce righ t ahead , sir P' was again yelled from the forecastle; and right over our jib-boom loomed out such another island as we had nairowly mussed. Fortunately the enow just then ceased, the horizon cleared to the distance of a mile, and we were presently hove to, making noble weather of it : but when I went below at eight bells I found myself unusually reflective, all sorts of prejudices and thoughts which had been hanging loose about me hardening into a resolution which held me so moody that I forgot to swear when at supper, a gluttonous midship man told me that all the pork was eaten, and when I discovered, in consequence of the galley fire being washed out, there was nothing better to make a meal of than soft honeycombed ship's bread and a pannikin of eold water. meditating on his sailor life. I meditated a good deal that night in my bunk and on deck. It was a part of the world to render fancy acute ; horrible enough below in a hole clamorous to distraction with the giant groaning of the labouring ship, infinitely melancholy with the dusky flitting that hovered upon the. atmosphere from the smoking and nauseous-smelling flame of a lamp wick fed by slush, and inexpressibly uncomfortable with tlie drainings of water through the scuttles into the bunks and the wash of black brine to and fro, to and fro, upon the eabin floor ; but hideously "miserable on deck which you went to fresh from such warmth as you would get out of your blankets, and where you found the blackness full of thunder and frost and sleet and snow, with the waist and gangway every now and again echoing, like a volcanic explosion, to the smiting of a green sea of Niagara-like propor tion, plumping humpishly out of our ineffectual leap to leeward ; on to the deck with the weight of a great building coming down all at once and with a run. Why am I here? thought I. What is this sort of life going to do for me ? Had we struck the iceberg this afternoon we should have been telescoped into about an eighth part of our length, as you close the tubes of a spy-glass, and gone down like a deep-sea lead with ne'er a fragment of anything to survive us as a liint of our end, so that what had become of us would, at home, have remained to eternity a matter of idle conjecture. Why am I here ? thought I. How much am I earning ? Heaven bless me ! two pounds a month only ! How much has this training cost my father ? Above two hundred guineas in premiums, not to speak 01 outnts, mess money, and the like, which 1 durst not attempt to assess. For what flag do I toil? Thus I meditated to the accompaniment of that Cape Horn gale. Well, the weather moderated next day at dawn ; the ship was got before it, the reefed foresail set, a couple of reefs shaken out of the main topsail, and away drove the noble old fabric, surging through the swollen knolls of yeast with the headlong hurry of a creature mad in her yearnings for the sun. The decks were to be washed down. The poop was my particular care ; for as third mate it was my business to receive the water handed in buckets from a little pump before or abaft the inizzen mast— I forget which— and rush it along, calling upon the middies to scrub handsomely whilst I saw that every portion of the deck was thoroughly cleansed. We carried' hen coops ou either side the poop ; under the hen- coops were battens designed to prevent the dirt of the coops from sifting out on to the clean planks when the ship was on a wind or when she rolled. In washing down, these battens were always removed to enable the water to sweep freely under the coops. The captain was on deck, as usual, pacing to wind ward in a pair of galoches and his high hat, which seemed to cling to his head with the tenacity of a sou'-wester. The poop being washed down, I fell half frozen, and in a very ugly temper, to replacing the battens, but one was missing. I looked about for it, but it was nowhere to be seen. My captain was as penurious a rogue as ever saved money out of nautical cheese-paring; the loss, therefore, of an old piece of wood would necessarily affect him as a very considerable blow. refusing to do duty. Where's the batten, Mr. Russell?" he roared. " I don't know, sir." " Don't know ! But you must know !" he shouted with his face like a north-west moon in the German Ocean. iS Where is it, sir r" " I am afraid it is overboard," said I. " By G — !" he bellowed, " if it is overboard, you go after it !" I ran my eyes from his galoches to his fiery pimple of a nose. " Find it, sir ! find it !" he screamed, bring ing his feet with a squelching blow of the galoche down on the deck. I walked forward, and after partaking of a cup of coffee with the boatswain in bis berth, I returned to the poop refreshed, warm and re solved. I walked right up to thetlripper. . " Now, Mr. N said I, not condescend ing to term him captain, to which title no ship master Jias right, I've had enough of sea faring, and as I propose to abandon the life when I reach the Thames, I think I may as well coil up and stop short just here." " Go below, sir !" he roared. , tl You've treated me very rudely," I con tinued, astonished by my own determina tion, "and have sliown yourself utterly incapable of distinguishing between persons. Your master has had a very great deal of money out of my father, as you know, and if there were more to be obtained I don't question that you would have used me very much more civilly. Sir, I'm sick of the sea, sick of this ship, and sick of you;" and 60 saying I walked off t-ie poop, leaving the old chap speechless with rage. I often wonder I did not cause his death. He had heart disease, and dropped dead at his door soon after the arrival of the ship in the Thames. Half an hour after, the steward came to the midshipman s berth and told me the captain wanted me. I went aft to his cabin, where I found him sifting at the table. I see his white hair now, contrasting with Ms purple face, and remember his old uiiickintosh swinging against the bulkhead with his hat 011 top of it,0 looking exactly like him, as though indeed he had hanged himself. The official log-hoek was ' be fore him. " You refuse duty r" "Most emphatically," said I. On that he " logged" me, and then I went about my lousiness. I was supposed to he on bread and water for me rest of the time, but I managed pretty well on the cabin leavinggj through tipping the stew- ard. All the way home I never did a, harder, stroke of work than cutting up sticks of Oaven- dish tobaeco and smoking mem. In fact, as I have said, I was sick of the life ; but since then, thanks probably to a course ofspring mattresses, good roast beef, dry clothes, rest o' nights, and total freedom from the obligation of scrubbing plants, and tarring rigging, I have discovered that the ocean is not wholly without romance. Let the ghost of my old skipper, however, consider itself avenged, for I believe I owe the rheumatism that has afflicted me now most conscientiously for the last four years wholly to a trick of sitting too late on the cooking-hatch of a night, smoking and yarning with anyone I could detain through sheer loathing of the eabin below, in which I was supposed to be imprisoned. Clark Russell. 