SURPLIOED CHOIRS: AN APPEAL. We are requested to print the following copy of a letter addressed to the Rev. W. Hough, Incumbent of St. Jude's, Rand wick, dated 22nd August, 1889. Dear Sir, — In reply to your letter of 15th in- stant, i tnanx you tor recognizing my singleness of aim in striving to do .what seems to be my duty, and I am fully persuaded that you are equally sincere in endeavouring to carry out your idea of what is correct in the worship of God. Holy Scripturo conveys to me no authority for wearing surplices; and although you say the> praetioe is Scriptual, still I can find no allusion: to them or the custom iu the Bible. What the Word of God most emphatically requires is that J God is a spirit, and must be worshipped in spirit and truth." It is oa this true ideal of worship that I venture to think we may differ. Do surplices conduce to spiritual worship ? Moat emphatically I say, No, they do not. The fact that so many of your loyal parishioners are alarmed," conveyB in' itself the answer that their spiritual worship is endangered by the introduction of an unnecessary and, as far ob the Rubrics of the Book of Common Prayer are conoerned, an xmauthorised : vestment for the ohoriBters. The privilege of every member of the Ohuroh of Eng land is to take part in congregational worship, and. from this point of view the choir can only be- regarded . as a makeshift, for the whole assembly should be one grand ohoir. May I ask, thorefore, ought every one to wear a sur- jplice, in order to sing ? Again, a choir clad in "surplices precludes women from being associated with them on an equal footing— so much so that in those few churches in which the effort has boon made to vest female singers, an outcry has been "raised because it is not deemed "decent and in 'order." ' > At the Reformation there was in fact no sur plices, as such, in use by the English Clergy, and as for-Surpliced Choirs they are quite a modern invention ; : although it is fashionable, I grant you, to vest the ohoir, the fashion of this world over changotli. It seems to me that the. reason why sre may differ upon our ideal of worship is because there are two systems, tbo spiritual worship by . the .higher part of man's nature— his immortal spirit, and the material worship whicli panders to "his lower and animal nature through the senses. A Surpliced Choir, all must admit, appeals to.tlie ;eyo by reason of its uniformity. It moreover lends' additional attractiveness to tho Chancel, 'Sacrarium, Sanctuary, or " Holy, Holy, Holy " portion of the Church, wherein is placed, as a focus -of brightness, a so-called " Altar "of. Ritual wor ship. The Rubrics provide that the /' Table " of the Lord's Supper Bhould stand in the body of tho Ohuroh, but Laud most decitfully pushed- it against the caBt end of the Chancel, and mado it an J Altar of Sacrifice." "Altar- worship" is the falso motbod whereby carnal man worships God .through the senses, because tho flesh cannot under- .stand " Spiritual worship." The eye of flesh, must Be . attracted ; therefore Pagan symbols, Pnigau "musicians, Pagan processions, Pagan inconsc and "smells, Pagan attitudes, postures, bowings, cross ings, toucliingB, genuflexions, and Pagan mystery must be provided. The central and highest act of Pagan worship is tbereforo most mysteriously performed before a mysterious presence, with ..sensuous reverenco and luscious muBic. Tho Pagan priest'must forthwith appear on tho scone. Amidst tho white-veBted, surpliced throng -of .Choristers, ho would not bo distinguishable ; but arrayed with all the tinsel and glory ofriohart- needlework, cunning embroidery, and Babylonish . garments, ho stands forth tho priestly mediator 'between. God and man, and dares to occupy tho mediatorial office of the Lord Jesus, the one great High Priest. Is not this tho position of Antichrist, ; ana the unpardonable sin against the Holy Ghost ? -The false priest olaims by transmitted Apostolio grace to bo endowed with magio powers to con jure a" pieco of bread into tho Dead Body of the Cross; so that it be worshipped with shocking blasphemy, as the Sacrifice of the Altar — the Mass. . . The simple memorial rite of the Lord's Supper is perverted ; by altar- worship , into an impossible and. common sense-repelling .act such, as the worship of a piece of bread as God, in itself the direct inversion of tho Truth and the mastorpiece of the Father of Lies. The dead body of Christ is claimed to be drawn down from Hoaven on to ' the Altar of Saorifice in thousands of mass shrines, by thousands of thoso false priests. This bodyi has ho possible existence ; for ninoteen centuries' it has ceased to exist. It was laid in the tomb, -but the glorified body of the Resurreotion came forth — that ever living Christ, our Great High \- Priest and One Mediator who now iB ploadingfor -us in the Holy of Holies in the highest heavens, and whom we worship by faith and not by sight. Altar-worship appeals to the; sight, it is the ador ation of that which is a determinate inversion of \- the Truth, a wafer said to. be; the dead . Christ. This fraud iB mado the object of, sinful worship -by an appeal to the eye. of flesh, "aided by all the meretricious adornments of ecclesiastical art and man millinery. r, i I do not claim that vesting a ohoir in surplices Implies the immediate adoptibn'of altar-worship, but it is without doubt the first stop on the ritual down grade. Neither do I say that a Church of a necessity moves Homewards the instant' a ohoir is vested, but what I do affirm is this, that thero is no Ritualistic Church without a Surpliced -Choir. The Surpliced Choir is a portion of tho Ritual machine, aud I therefore regard its existence as a danger to the true spiritual worship of God. . The ohoir is moreover a ready tool in tho hands of on innovating olergyman. Tho members arc, under his thumb, whilst their own importance is flattered by tho prominence of their position and duties before tho eyes of the congregation ; the minister can also weed out tho intractable arid . supplant them with more obedient servants. Thus it is that tho ohoir forms the nucleus of the ritual revolution. At the word of oommand the members face and twist towards the Wafer Shrine, their, voices conspire to intone, monotone,, and drown -the natural tone of the responses of the spiritual worshippers. All now fangled innovations , aro performed by thorn, such as bowing to the shrine, processions, &o.; They ore depended upon for the Musical Masses at Hijgli Celebrations, and . a thousand and .one novelties repugnant to the Artiolos and Rubrics of tho .Church of England, Protestant and Reformed. ; . Were I persuaded .that the reasons for vesting a choir are whut they appear to be oh tho surface,' that no danger lay beneath, . and ..that. . divine worship would be made more 'congregational and .without risk, I, would not pen these lineB,'.but I . cannot shut my cyes to pacts that I see on every ' hand. : Human nature is oorrupt human nature still, and tho worship of Cain is ingrained in fallen man;'.' May I hot conscientiously ask, Aro thore no indications tliut the ritual: at. your Church; is not likely to advance f Straws mark tho way the \- tide flows.. ,T. notice. that you woar a stole . with " goklen croEaos, but- tho Privy . Council — tlie highest ."Courts of. Law in. tho -British. Empire — has pro nounced stoles, whether, black, white, or coloured! to be , illegal.; Wlionce therefore your new- gold . croSBod stole ? . . . ; Tbo" same Court of Appeal has prononnoed the elevation; of tho offertory alms illegal, I notice that you have a tondenoy . to: . elevate : them ; .. possibly, I may bo ; under, a: wrong, impression. The Rubrical position at tho Communion Table is defined to bo . the North ,8ide,'.but.:I notice that .you ase. shifting, along inoh iby inoli to tho Front . Side. . ; ; The aim of the groat Jesuit conspiracy within the Church of England is to .got behind the Re formation:; to - destroy Protestantism, and to re unite Christendom- on tho -basis of the shocking blasphemy of- the Mass. This is the acknowledged object of the English Church Union, the centre of Ritualistic organisation. In this and other dioceses wafer shinea are erected, pagan priest- vestments are worn, heathen -altar- lights are burning ; and the adoration of the dead Anti christ is performed. The faithful laity bear patiently and with long-suffering this Plan of "Campaign. If they protest a fanatical outcry is furiously raised and a porfcct tempcBt of hubbub is directed against thoso who contend for tho faith once delivored to the saints. These are my reasons for conscientiously pro testing against tho "Vesting of Choirs, and as the matter appears to be so 'determined set upon by a few'in the parish, I liavo no other course open to mo to pursue, but to Bond my friends a copy of this letter for their guidance. I remain, . ' i . Yours faithfully, . A PARISHIONER. 