NOTES OF TIE WEEK. ' . ... Light skirmishing has been going on for :S|al wki . bnt the leal , election battle . Will he b|jgun by jbhe firing of heavy artillery Mr. Gillies; ?en Monday. Candidates Always feel shy hf expressing- "their own vjews before the llinisteri&l; policy is definitely imnouiioed. Oppositionists are frightened A V ' A A_ 3 i — ..Lnkfe W A fl if Tiiaxa prmiaiAiroaiJscuiirg vu too clearly mark their position, and lead to -strategical- advantage being gained by the Ow; ¥1 A enemy. Would-be supportersof theGovern- jneiit, on the oflicaf bai|eafle|||Ii|y may beta-ay toemselvto,andWall of he adversary 4hey quietly. Talk . 6f!£h.e past bas most of the time at meetings held hitherto, and where promises for thef uture/have been made, they have been merely vaue pledges to good conduct. Next week, however; no candidate need he at a loss for matter, and for many days thereafter neWspiijterJrtadfij-: may prepare themselves for % showerebath of talk on all aspects of every subject likely to have weight in politics during the next three years. It will be a blessed relief when the elections are over and the stream of words is effectually dammed. .? << The Cam' ells are coming, oh dear, oh dear." So may both Ministerialists and Opposition men sing at Brighton. .. One : member of the noble clan " beardfi the Hon in his den the Tom Bent in his hall" — and strikes terror into the heart of the champion obstructionist. The other assiduously attends his namesake's meetings -with intent apparently to show the electors by his own personal conduct what a . glorious influence noise and interruption may have in debate. - It is the custom of some temperance lecturers +n carrv round with them a "horrid example" to prove the terribleness of strong drink. At -Brighton Mr. James C. . is evidently determined to act in Hke capacity ; for Mr. James, in order that there may be no mistake at all concerning the character of the great work done by his revered member in the Assembly Chamber. What a pity he doesn't offer his services to the electors. The admirers of physical en durance and mere lung-power, having failed to strain at the gnat Bent, might feel in clined to swallow the Cam'ell. He might also pick up many votes from electors who intended to vote for the James, but by error supported the James C. This suggestion, which is given free gratis and for nothing, may be worth thinking over. Mr. MTxtyre on Wednesday night called up an old ghost to awe the Press into silence, but it will not be difficult to lay it again. He thinks journalists have acquired all their influence because of their anonymity and their use of the potent " we." If this were so it would be a simple matter to advise politicians to get even by plentifully garnish ing their speeches with the same pronoun, and arranging for their publication in Mansard in the same manner. The simple fact is, however, that the Press is more powerful than Parliament, because its writers arc both better informed and of more capable judgment than politicians. It is not the man who speaks or writes, but the utterance itself, which should win approval or con demnation. If names were attached to articles published in the Press one would be apt to assess their value by the signature instead of because of their intrinsic merit. . " Often in a wooden house a golden room we find." " The toad, ugly and venomous, wears yet a precious jewel in his head." In like manner a " no aecount man " may have the talent to express new, yet sound, views in eloquent and taking language, while the highlv- esteemed and utterly respected citizen is unable to string together anything better than the ordinary platitudes. Because the author of the " Letters of Junius- 'was, is, and will always be, anonymous, the writings lost none of their cleverness, while they gained greatly in influence. When politicians grow more enlightened, more liberal, and more honest than journalists, then, and not till then, will Mr. M'lntyre's mill Atmi dawn, and Parliament will become a greater in fluence than the Press, and will wrest the eadersliip from its hand. It would be very hard on a cool and cautious man to have all his words observed — " set in a note -book, learned and conned by rote, to cast into his teeth." How then can a Mgh- spintea ana noi-neaaea ponucxan like Mr. Gammon hope to come happily through such an ordeal. He is veritably in the hands of the enemy at present, for his peculiar style of oratory and his classic interjections — however well they may sound when originally uttered — do not either look or sound well when printed or repeated. If a politician always remembered before he spoke that his idlest word in Parliament is likely to be brought up in judgment against him years afterwards, he would probably be less reckless in bis utterances, and, probably, if the rest of us continually bore in mind that " at last far off, at last to all," every thought will be weighed for good or evil against us, there would be greater watch kept over the mind's impulses. Politicians are not the only people in the world who sin against propriety in thought and word and deed. But on them there is some fainter gleam of " that fierce light which beats upon a throne and blackens every blot." When two men are in partnership, it is not considered strictly honourable for one to be constantly on the watch to " score points" on the other. Nor is it held to be magnanimous, if a tigthness of the purse embarrasses one, for the more wealthy colleague to force on a realisation of assets with a view to compelling retirement from the firm. And yet this is the principle, or no principle, oh which the alps fipeanT ear lnVitejleeirqf ; .asfc. j. After dealing with the question of;, Ooalition , and the proposal to -ask the con- stittiencies to cdecido vvho shall be. -gf ea test amongst the politicalparties our contemporary " concludes -7- - ought not to bedelaved a moment . -Libejjil party is satisfied that the Y<4 .» itwith the assurancehf a -cordial anasyinpathetfc response. ' Thq suggestion .is that the' ' present union is ' based on mutual distrust rather than on re- I ciproeated confidence, and.. this is hardly Worthy of a paper which professes to monopolise the enunciation of the views of what, it alleges is the stronger wing of the Ministerial combination. As to the morality of the insidious strategem,-tkelC8s said the "better. Friendship must be f eigned uatil de- claration of war can he made with certainty of .. speedy- and . sudden, triumph. The em bracing hands must be all the time searching for the joints of the armour, so that when L the stab pomes ' it may be thoroughly effec- .. tive. The eyes that look languishing as in love, are in reality to be sharply watching for a chance to surprise and take at a disad vantage, the erst companion and friend. Such is life ! ' Heath, departure, and- disgrace have each uurea a memoer xrom tne sacred precincts of I the House of "mmons within the last few days. ; .Gone .forever is generous and kindly; 'Richard Beaeock, name familiar wherever - luggage trains "drag their ; slow length along, " or light engines shriek and dash off " with their load of passengers. All men come naked into this world, but not all are so naked of this world's goods as was -Richard Peacock in early life. Few were the aids he received from school instruction, and before childhood passed away he toiled at hard work through long hours in large engineering shops. Getting knowledge of his trade, he advanced to the dignity of driving a locomotive, and; by energy and real merit, came at last to rule the whole of that department of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire railway. Thence, having complete theoretical and practical knowledge of railway engines, he joined Mr. Beyer, and began building them. Who has not heard of the firm of Beyer and Peacock ? Mr. Peacock -first entered the Commons for Gorton (Lancashire) in 1885, defeating his Conservative opponent, Mr. Flatterly, by 5,300 votes to 3,552. After the Home Rule dissolution of the next year, remaining true to Mr. Gladstone, he again went in for Gorton — this tame against Lord Grey de Wilton — by 4,592 votes to 4,135. The Liberal reaction since that day of party splitting has probably returned the constituency to its 18$5 strength, and it is not at all likely that Mr. Peacock's death will result in a gain for the other side. Mb. Slagg, who followed dead Peter Rylands at Burnley in 1887, has departed from the House, but whether by death or resignation the telegram chronicling the event . does not state. In 1836 jfche Unionist liberal won this seat by forty-three votes ; next year the Gladstonian recaptured it by an excess of 545 ; last, week Mr. Spencer Balfour — who just twelve months ago fought a splendid battle withMr. Fitzwilliam atDoncaster — was allowed to enter the Commons unopposed. It is interesting to note in this connection that one of our. Sydney contemporaries, standing completely alone on its interpre tation, has dismissed Mr. Courtney; Stanhope- Kennyftom the representation of 3ain$teyf in South Yorkshire, and has elected' Mr. Spencer Balfour in his stead. Departed Mr. Slagg was bom inv 1842, has been president of Manchester Chamber of : Commerce, and sat as member for that city from 1880 to 1885. The disgrace to . the Commons ha; come through Mr. Gent-Davis, a young man who was onee an architect, and is how a wealthy distiller. He was not, however, the archi tect of his own fortunes, which came by 1 Tinolo TTlfl vuilifirtol iiomar OCqilctSu UUUl 1UO uuviv. « »w j/v/ixtnvaa. wuwi has evidently been shapen in iniquity and conceived in sin. There . was a petition against the validity of Ms first election in 18S5 ; he was recently locked up for defying the order of a Judge; and, if English tele grams are true, he finished his parliamentary career by clearing off with another man's wife. It is true that Colonel Hughes-Hallett is still in Parliament, because his party leaders dare not risk a contest at Rochester, but, by sadly inverted reasoning, the ruin of a yielding girl, if accomplished by quiet and secret means, is hot so fiercely condemned by society as the. public scandal of an open elopement with a perhaps equally sinful adventuress. Sir Charles Dilke, a -man of first rank, is shut out of the Commons for gygp because of his sin, and if this Gent—. Davis story is true, it is far better for the Conservatives to lose tbe Kennington seat than to forfeit respect by the retention of a notorious and shameless evil-doer for the mere sake of his vote. At last election Mr- Mark Beaofoy, Liberal candidate for /the seat, lost his election by 3,222 votes to ?j92, so that this vacanfty, occurring justin tftemidst of the excitement and disgu caused by The Times fiasco, will be pretJT certain to be filled by a Home Ruler . a-mt:t?tc indignant at German action xsainoa, butthe strengikof Bismarck's arm, ,and tiih bRteiijess of Ms tone keeplahlcee jfepy is incensed, fey- a companion more export at : fisticuffs : than :Mm$seif, he. usually ideals very severely with the first junior who after- ' wards . crosses his path. In like manner America poured out upon Hayti. teceiitiy much of the bitterness which German high-handedness has engendered. The rulers .of .the little West Indian King dom seized a steamer, and declined to - relinquish possession at the demand of the. Yankee Consul. Before the echo of their defiance had died away, two men-of-war flying the stars and stripes were iu harbour threatening to blow Port-au-Prince to the stars, and inflict .grievous stripes on all the chief men. Hayti was sorry it spoke, the" steamer was given up, and all thingsaVe again lovely. Possibly when Bismarck reads of this little episode he will fear some moter action of like kind over his Samoa action and will aJsb back down quietly. On the other hand, probably he will not. Me. Jonathan C.B.P. Seaver, M.P., is a freetrader, -but . not. ah adniirer of Byifeiey s ; great public Parker He would prefer a more limited enclosure. The wide- embracing i social and political' genius of the blatant greybeard is altogether too comprehensive' for him. " In.a letter - to a Sydney .paper the; other day Mr. Seaver -expresses himself very strongly on the subject of Sir Henry's leadersMp, charging that eminent strategist with " deserting his followers in last Parliament," and with jeopardising free- trade in a most unprecedented way. Although the disaffected member is a C.B.P., he is no D. Seaver, and it has ever been bis habit to speak out his thoughts boldly. He is a well-educated, courteous, and high- spirited young Irishmau — a nephew of that Judge Billing whom Melbourne residents remember so clearly — and Ms support is well worth having, while Ms antagonism is some thing to be reckoned against. Mr. Seaver was many years in the South Australian Survey Department, and there, as in Ms new home, he was thoroughly popular and most MgMy respected. Sir Henry Parkes has not won either the esteem or the support of this freetrader, despite the natural trend of his character towards geniality and confidence in his fellowmen. Mr. Seaver is not so reticent # as the young lady who " sat like Patience on a monument." He tells Ms dissatisfaction. Others less cautious or less courageous are doubtless equally distrustful of the Great Colonial Made Grandee, and it is not at all certain that the apparent majority ot free traders in the House will be able to control public affairs, eveu though the' no-confidence motion is decided in their favour. Everybody knows that the very great Sir Henry Parkes is a poet. Are not his lines about the doggie that barked at the big-eyed Froggie already engraved on the memories of every lover of Australian literature. Under these circumstances, it is not hard to imagine . him acrostically apostrophising liis vanquished opponent thus : — Down from place, pay, and power In. such short space he's hurled ; Sack to the common world, Barren in this black hour See Dibbs despondent cower. Mr. Dibbs certainly did Ms best to stick to office. He was beaten iu Parliament before Ms Ministry was three days old ; he was 4 if eated at the polls ere the days had grown to months ; and now he is finally relegated " to that obscurity from which he' originally emerged. It remains to be seen whether the hairy knight will., have . a much longer lease of power, now the "votes of his friends and the absence of several of his opponents, have lifted Mm into the Premierskip again. 