gato' Column* OUR LADIES' LETTER. Br Miss ETHEL COXON. London, January 11. ? At the present moment, Maobeth at the Lyceum ia and haB been for the last fortnight the excitement of the day; go where yon •will it hauntb you in conversation, and if 1 you take up any paper or journal you wili encounter fcither a criticism of the play as . rendered by Mr. Irving and his company, a disquisition on its philosophy, an eulo-jism { on Mise Ttrrv, or a deprecitory view of her : leading the character of tbe Thine of I Cawdor's wife. By the time this reaches , you reviews and accounts of the performance i will be thick among you as leaves at Vallam- ; fcrosa, end through the medium of the I English 1*; C83 you must be well acquainted ] with almost every detail of the costumes and scenetv. and of the view taken by Mr. ; Irving and Mies Terry of the protagonists of the ti'igec y. Every incident of tbe first night i baa been ch ronicled already for your benefit by Others, but I may add my testimony to its brilliance in every way. Certes, it recalUd to mind the happy phrase of a witty journalist anent first nightere, "the urcat mob of the second best, which describes itself the next morning, aa ' all that was most brilliant in literature, fashion, and art.'" Royalty is rarely present on a first night at the Lyceum, nor is the presence of the Prime Minister or of Mr. G lad6tone a sine qua non. One would not look for Herbert Spencer. George Meredith, Professor StokeB, Lord Tennyson on these occasions among the audience. Even now oar greatest men are like stars, and dwell apart; and the great wave that murmurs round the world and of which their thought and work are part, holds scarcely au echo of the smaller eocial or even artistic excitement of the time, which the great mass of people iu London society regard as all important and engrossing. Still, if t.bere were few planets shining at the Lyceum on the evening of December 29, there was a goodly galaxy of lesser lights, and there waB never a more socially cheerful first-night. The play "went" rapidly, and the constant change of scene was more wonderfc I and magnificent than can be realized by the nitre description thereof. One very noticeable thing was tbe effect of spice and distance in many of the scenes, which waB especially refreshing after Faust, where the ffifcQia:val architecture solidly built np on the Etage, seemed rather to crush and overshadow the spectators. Here in Macbeth we have far-stretching reaches of blasted heath unntr the lurid evening sky; and by the deviie of letting down part of the stage In the Bene outside Macbeth's castle, the effect is esiued of the massive towers crowning a hill, and thus fulfilling Duncan's description of the pleasant site where the temple-haunting martlet" loved to build. & wondciful scene this, with the huge portcullis and drawbridge, and the windows alight from wiihiu, while under the great gateway the flare of torches ehineB on masonry and warrior P, and on the lissom splendid form of 2>lacbeths wife, with her glittering head-gear, her long tresses : of red hair bound into two beavy plaits, falling w either Bide of her breret down below her_ knee, and her marvellous robe, so magnificiently defiant of arcbieology, with its glittering thick sown tracery of beetles' wings, their irridescent lustre of blue green telling vividly againBtthe beavy gorgeous folds of her ample velvet mantle ot dull Tyrian purple, embroidered with heraldic lions. She is like Lady Macbeth painted by Rossetti, and recalling Heat's Lamia in her serpent state— A ROMliat shape of dazzling has, Vermillion spotted, golden, green, and blue, Striked like a zebra, freckled like a pard, Eyed like a peacock, and all crimson barr'd. Even more marvellous is Miss Terry's royal robe in the banquet scene, of some white crape Btuff with gold embroidery seaming it. and jewelled bodice and crown; the mantle flowing behind her being a splendid harmony of cream and gold, pale blue end coral Bcarlet, as intricate and exqoibite in pattern and effect as some media- »\il illumination. Yet, wonderful as these robes are, Miss Terry's finest effects of colour aurt drapery are attained what time she tUiRis amoDg the clamorous crowd, after lb? discovery of the king's murder, a ' Btatuecqr.e terrible shave, iu her straight i whit? draperies, and ber enshrouding cloak ! Df vi .ii t velvet; and igain when she wanders iiko a lone white ghost in her i fcaunU c". sleep, through the corridors of her palace, i..r mantle of palest gray toning in j with ti:e tiiadows of her white night-robe and licr Reached hair. Wild, visionary, t lovely tl c is then, though scarce the Lidy ! Macbeth of our imagination. Yet it must be confessed that Miss Terry showed un- j expected power and courage in attempting the character of the Thane of Ciwdor's wife in tbe WL>' she did, On3 might not agree with her* reading; might condemn her lounging method of soliloquy, address to Macbeth's ]ici trait (the minature of the period and place, Scotland 11th century A.D ) worn on a chain from her neck, and her playful manner of planning the method of Duncan's murder to her husband, as among the worst and most obviouB artifices of the modern Bchool—trivialities of the teacup and saucer school of comedy, and destructive not only of the dignity but of the reality of tragedy. Bat wheu all is said the fact remiins that Miss Terry had formed a distinct mental conception of the woman she was representing, and that in rendering that woman she showed a force and originality unlooked for even by many of her admirers. There was no moment that did not show study, thought, and a resolute determination to render the impersonation a consistent and living whole. When an actress has so Btrangely fasoinating an individuality aB Miss Terry, it would not be a thing to be wondered at if she should let its glamour blind her audience to the incongruity between ber own witching personality and that of the woman Bhe represents. It is Miss Terry's highest praise that Bhe liaB resisted this temptation. She splays Lady Macbeth with an evident resolve to make ber audience forget the moBt pathetic Ophelia, the gentleBt Desdemona of our time ; and though her Lidy Macbeth will not perhaps rank in our memories with those exouibite forms, it may be esteemed a really higher effort in its thought and individuality, and the fact that in it Miss 3?erry has succeeded in Bpite of being herself, whereas in Ophelia she succeeded by the force of that fact. The finding Bcene of the witcheB' Sabbath is lovely in tbe extreme, albeit too poetical and pure in its beanty to suggest aught but the prhitefet of white magic. But Macbeth himself, what of him? A Question difficult to answer, for Mr. Irving Lad Bet the Thane of Cawdor in BO splen a frame that the attention on witnessing the first representation was somewhat distracted from the principal figure of the drama. It may bs questioned whfether tbe evil side of the character is not unduly accentuated at the beginning of the play, and thus something is loBt the full force of the drift of the tragedy;of Macbeth accepting tbe dicta of the weird Bisters aa fate, and ao sealing as supernatural the promptings which echo the Bubtle suggestion of the evil thought within bim. Mr. Irving gives the impression in the xnurder scene and beforehand that Macbeth's reluctance to commit the crime ariseB rather from physical cowardice than from the Impulse of his better nature crying " Hold, bold!" Yet, as the Latin proverb tells us no one becomes utterly bad all atonce^and the idea of a man naturally valiant, chivalrous, truthful, led from one step to another from the first ambitious yearning down and down over deeper in crime, all in a natural sequence from the first base and guilty thought, is surely more impressive and more truthful than the conception of Macbeth as a naturally wicked man, a coward by nature as well as by circumstance.^ But this IB already a more than sufficiently lengthy disquisition on the last Lyceum production. Tbe Academy private view of the winter Exhibition of old masters was a very pleasant function (to use a society slang term, which I cannot bear). The new actress, Miss CTeilson, was the object of much attraction, as she moved through therooms"divinelytalland most divinely fair" wrapped in a long sealskin coat, end escorted by ner histrionic sponsor, Mr. W. S. Gilbert; and indeed she was as muoh noted and criticised as any picture in the rooms. Mrs. Jopling-Rowe (who seems to have found her metier in pastel portraits, and has just undertaken a commission for a portrait of the " Mistress of Trinity," Mrs. Sutler, late Miss Agneta Ramsay), looked charming in an olive green Directoire gown and a three- cornered bat. The Rembrandts lent by the Queen, and a delightful collection of the Watteaus and Lauorete were the moat attractive part piotorially of the Exhibition. To n»e individually Watteaufbas had an entirely new interest since I read Mr. Pater's half historical, half imaginative, woolly exquisite sketch of him " A Prince of ^The colteS'of the late Mr. Holt's works, Which fills two rooms of the present inhibition, wa*. I fancy, found by mMtpeople somewhat oppressive, in spite of the Y®®? cf such really fine works as his portraits 1 ot Earl Spencer and the Duke of Cleveland. Jhe joke of the Exhibition is a collection of pictures of the British school some forty sears ago: Egg, Ward, Mulready, Macb'se, SAtlns, &c.;, being represented. A wellknown Academician, one of the survivors of the teatrav school of art, went about observing solemnly that this room embodied bis recent protest against modern French art; but the effect of the collection of smoothly-painted and dummy-like atrocities on most spectators was either distressing or entertaining according to their moods. Fashions are crowded out this month (rom my letter, but nest month I aunt make amends. I must just enquire if the new game of "the donkey" has reached you. Every one in London is playing it, and it has certainly the merit of simplicity. A large woodcut of a tailless donkey is set up against the wall or on an easel, and the players blindfolded in turn are furnished each with a tail to attach by means of a pin to the animal's body. Each player is set with bis face towards the donkey at a distance of some twelve feet from it, and when blindfolded is turned round three times, and then left to make the best of bia way towards the goal and affix the tail in its proper position. The huu orous tragedy of most of their attempts may be easily imagined—the majority of the tails being stuck on the illus-d animal's nose or the middle of bis back. 