ACADEMY OF MUSIC. MACBETH. There was a very large audience to wit ness the concluding performance of the Miln Dramatic Company in Ballarat. “Macbeth” was the play produced, and Mr Milu ap- peared in the title role for the first time in Victoria. The character is one that suits Mr Miln to a shade. The robust and hardy Thane, whose ambition—running in con sonance \vith the promptings of his diabolical miuded wife—led him to commit and order such cruel murders, found an able represen tative in Mr Miln. In the earlier scenes, where the will to become great was warring with the dread of the consequences of crime, “letting I dare not wait upon I would,” Mr Milu gave a fine specimen of his powers as an actor. When his wife’s urging induces him to throw aside his scruples, and he determines on the murder of the king, some touches of remorse remain, and these were powerfully depicted by Mr Miln. We have heard the soliloquy on the “air-drawn dagger” given with myre thrilling effect and a better regard for the proprieties, especi ally in the latter portion, where Mr Miln ap peared to forget his desire not to awaken the other inmates of the castle. His acting, however, after the delivery of the lines, “Hear it not, Macbeth,” &c.;, was very strong; and the scene with Lady Macbeth, after the murder, was given with a power and naturalness that bespoke the accomplished actor. In the ban quet scene, he was to the full as successful, aud his apostrophe to Bauquo's ghost was a magnificent piece of elocution and an equally good exhibition of acting. In “ Macbeth,” as in every other Shakes pearian character we have seen him in, Mr Miln discards stage traditions wherever they clash with his reading. Jfo changes are made lightly, hut there is a freshness about all his characterisations that students of Shakespeare cannot fail to relish. Miss Louise Jordan appeared as Lady Macbeth, aud achieved a fair measure of success. Playgoers can scarcely disassociate front their minds the stage Lady Macbeth, who is always a masculine-looking woman devoid of any of the tenderer passions. Miss Louise Jordon is moue like the Lady Mac beth of history—a small, tigerish woman; hut one with strong affection for her hus band. Her best effort was undoubtedly in the banquet scene, where she dismisses the guests on account ofi her lord having become unmanned at seeing Bauquo’s ghost. The principals were well sustained by Messrs G. R. Ireland, H. H Douglas, Dobson, Greena way, and Dodson,and Misses Douglass, May nard, aud Forbes. The scenery was a credit to the artist (Mo Edward Vaughan), and was managed with, skill by Mr Barnett Cahill. These gentlemen with Mr H. Hodsou (stage manager) deserve every credit for the com pleteness oS their arrangements throughout the season, The business, arrangements, have bcea excellently conducted by the manager {Mr H. P. Lyons), and the treasurer (Mr H. Chanter). To day the company leave for Tasmania. 