Presbyterian Church, Hinton. On Tuesday evening the Presbyterian Church, Hinton, celebrated its anniversary by holding a tea and public meeting in the School of Arts in that township. There was a very largo and successful gathering. The proceedings began with a tea, which was carried out with the completeness which characterises such gatherings in this place. The tableB were filled different times until all had par- taken of the dainties provided. The room was afterwards prepared for the public meeting. The hall was crowded. The pastor of the church, the Eev. D. W. Davies, presided, and was supported upon the platform by the various speakers, who addressed the meeting. The proceedings were begun with the Binging of the 100th Psalm, after which the Eev. C. Stark led in prayer. v Mr. C. S. BOAO read the following report of the progress of the charge during the past year : General Report, Sept. le, 1889. This meeting being called specially in the interest of the Manse Fund, we will first place before you how that stands. The cost of renovation was £110148 81 Subscriptions before tea meeting of 1888, £72 Us 6d : nett proceeds of tea und collec- tion. £14 4B 3d ; subscriptions since. £0 7s Cd ; total. £93 Ga 3d. leaving a balance of £17 8s 5d. wliioh.it is hoped, will be realised in conneotion with this meeting. -The Sustentation Fund for 1888 stands tims : Sabbath collections, £05, averaging £1 fis per Sabbath ; collected for {Sustentation Fund, £135 ; making £200. Owing to the frequent wet Sundays of the current year there wai a balance due to Treasurer at the end of last year of £9 4s lid. which, it Is conlidently hoped, the faithfulness and liberal- ity of the friends will put right before the end of Hi- current half-year. Towards mi-sions the congregation collected £»03 lOd, and the children £10 8s 9d. making our total contributions to the Mistión Fund £12 4s 7d The present year, while the collec- tions arc abont the B.me. the children's returnB, so far as com fileted, are in advance of last year, showing a growing interest nthe spread of Christ'sklngdom among the heathen, which will assuredly be deepened by the recent visit of Mr. Robertson, of Eromanga, and his interesting addresses both at Hinton and Seaham. Towards Assembly Fund £2 S s 10s ; Aged Ministère' Fund, £2 1B 2d; making a total towards general schemes of the church, £ l8 2s 7d. For looal purposes, suoh as manse repairs, fencing of church property, and general expenses throughout the charge, w« have spent £121, making the grand total forthe charge for 1888. £337 12s 7d. certainly not an inconsiderable amount to be raised by a small country charge in these depressed ti nea. evidencing both the power and the willingness to help on the cause of Christ in the world. A neat palisade has been placed around Seaham churob, the building painted, and ornamental treen planted, which io good time will doubtless present avery pleasing appearance, and done spontaneously under the energetic and inspiring leadership of Miss Carmichael. Churoh Praise introduced here, and copies purchased for use of visitors. A service or song, " Uncle Ton*." successlully rendered under the leadership of Mr. J. W. Boag. Psalmody praotlce weekly by Mr. Bong, and a preparation class for examination. Extra seats have been supplied by the liberality of lir. and Mrs, Carmichael, un the whole Seaham presents a cheerful appear- ance ; a good deal of interest shown by the young people, and the congregations generally very good. There is harmony, co- operation, and activity in every department of the work. Morpeth bad a successful tea meeting. Churoh Praise adopted, and S3 copies purchased for the use of strangers. The Church has been re-seated, and the fence renewed Mrs. Wade exerted herself to raise funds, in which labour of loveshewaseminently snppHtfiil Thanks are due to Mrs MoFodven for makine UD velvet cuthlon for pulpit A pleasing feature in the Morpeth congregation ia the number of young people attending, and the comparative regularity of attendnnoe Largs hua olio repaired fence in course of the year This church would do far better if it were posible to have a wetkly service, instead of a fort nightly Mr Dunoan Munro his shown the interest he takoa in lils church by kaving windows painted and doors gram d and varnished at hil own expeuBc Managing committees art. now in working order in the four churches of the charge Great Interest has been taken in the Higher Chiistlan Educa ion Scheme of the Church Last year 1G candidates in ¿3 sub jecin won 16 prizes and 10 certificates of honour This ye r 27 candidates presented themselves in C5 subjects-with what result not yet known It is scarcely possible to over estimate tua value of the examination in securing regular ftudy and per Be\ering application by keeping a definite mark oonstantly before the mind Last year 11(1 by certificate and 10 for first time) received Into membership Last communion more were received There are now 5 Sunday sohools in the charge, the youngest being the most flourishing under the excel ent manazcmjmt of Mifs Scott Tivo fischers 61 scholars on books, average attendance 40 in fine weather md S3 in rainy Tour presented themselves for examination-the exceptionally wet weather prevented a larger number-Miss Scott sparing neither time nor trouble in preparing them The Seaham school is also doing excellent work Mr T W Boag having a large class and being able to convey instruction in a lucid and interesting and impressive manner Miss Carmichael wa» never missing from her post until struck down by illness and since then others have supplied her lack of service Reward' for marks goined lo the value of £2 4s were presented to Hinton scholars-part of the. proceeds of tin Cantata ' Immanuel ' Hie attendance it Largs and Morpeth is not so large nsthe other schools The church i under a deep debt of gratitude to the band of voluntar) teachers and the loving devotedness tr anlfested by them may they find their reward in the doing of their good and and noble work, and ?< ay they be sustained by the Interest sympathy, and co operation of the parents Wo conclude willi the hope that all who love school« will join in carne t and persistent prayer for the descent of the {spirit of Light and Tower and Love upon the congregations and Sabbath schools of the charge so that we may have times of refreshing from the presence of the Lord The CHAIRMAN said he was delighted to see so many friends present from various parts of the dis tuct There were two or three things to which he would have liked to direct their attention Butas they had already lost three-quarters of an hour, and there were ministers present from different' surrounding churches, he would not take up their time, but leave his remarks to a mor» convenient season. He also suggested to other speakers that they should bo limited. Mr. C. S. Boag had an efficient choir under his management, and in the course of the evening they rendered a number of pieces, opening with the anthem, " I will lift up mine eyes." Among the pieces wa8 "The Bells," as sung by the Fisk Jubilee Singers, which was most excellently ren- dered. Misa Porteu8 rendered a couple of solos most effectively, and a gentleman also contributed a number. Miss Stuart presided at the organ, and Miss Scott played the accompaniment for " The Bells." The Rev. Mr. THOMPSON, of Wallsend, after some preliminary remarks, said he rejoiced to find in this land far away from their birth-place ond othpr associations, Bitch a religious sentiment. Amid all their discomforts and sadness, there was a manifest tendency to hold true to their principles, and to their religious principles. In that country, which was destined to become a great nation, they must have some sentiment to truide them. He referred to the impression made upon his mind by the picture of the Queen presenting an eastern poten- tate with a Bible in reply to his question, and saying that was the secret of England's greatness. That was the sentiment of the Queen who ruled over that empire. The groat want of the present day was tho want of a religious sentiment, which would be a cure of crime, vice, and villainy. It afforded him much pleasure at finding that sentiment being developed. They should not look upon themselves as being all on the down grade. The Presbyterian Church had more real inspiration to live and to labour. He instanced the advance m ide in the last 25 years and might expect to go forward with leaps and bounds during the next 25 years. Ho referred to the obstructions he had ti encounter in IHR district, and that they should fight against it, nnd rejoiced to find such a religious sentiment al«ut Mr. Davis in that rural town, and hoped God would oversee aud direct all their efforts. To be perfect even as God is perfect was the ideal that the Christian should arrive to attain. They should live pure lives and desire to do good on behalf of tho Master. They should realise that the church's work was to bless all descriptions. If the present day worldliness wa? demo1ished BO much work would be done for God. Ho pointed out that the work of the churches wos also the assistance of humanity. While wealth had done much to curse the race the Gospel had done much to elevate it. The great object of the Christian church at the present day was to lead them to God. Ho referred to the words of St. Paul that God's grace wa3 sufficient for them. If *ney fought the Master's cause woithily they would in- herit the Master's crown. He prayed that that work might be carried out and perfected among them, and that God's blessing might be with them in their work. The Eev. E. E. DAVIES, of Belmont, after some preliminary remarks, Baid their presence there bore testimony to the fact that religion had something to do with them. Beligion was the noblest thing on earth. It bound humanity to Christ. All people were united in it of -vhatever nationality they were. In that religion they found there were two elements, which for the sake of argument he would terra that night the human and the Divine. They may not bo able to point out how theBe two elements worked together as that was beyond their ability to understand. It was ( necessary for the Church to posaesB this, so they should attend to it. Thore should be a co- operation of Gcd and man. The test of the success of the work was the two elements working together. His object in making these remarks was to get man to realise that he as an individual must do the work of Christ. It was or- dained for bim to do and for no one else. Each of them had something to do, and the advancement of the church depended to a certain extent upon the faithful work of each. If each was convinced of that, no greater good could come from that anniversary. If each realised that, in the next twelve months the work would be much more effectual. It would be more cheering and encouraging to the minister, the members would be more numerous, the preaching listened to more attentively, and the interest in the whole church would be greater. They lacked many blessings that God gave to the faithful only, and they should live so that God's spirit should make their spirit and affirm principles which should govern man's life. The spirit of God made them new creatures, and aided them in the work they had to do. The Eeformation gave them many blessings, but they had need of another Eeform- ation. God required them to work and work through the church. It must have their co-oper- ation. They m*st be living testimonies of Jesus Christin the world. He pointed outtbatthe minister, the elders, or the people could not do all the work by themselves-they must be all bound to- gether by the same spirit. They should be all in perfect harmony with the divine will of Goa, and then Christianity would be a living system. They would feel that the Church was a great power in the land, and the more Christ's kingdom would be advanced. (Applause.) The Eev. Mr. WiiiSON, of Hamilton, expressed his pleasure at being present. That meeting was a religious one, though to a certain extent social. Such a large meeting showed the interest of the people of Hinton in the church. He agreed with the previous speaker that the church existed to form a religious sentiment. While people cried out about superstitions, and false religions, they never heard a sensible.mau cry out about a true religion. He urged the importance of having religion in their public life, in the family, and in the individual. He believed it was righteousness that exalted a nation. Great Britain had beeu exalted, and if it decayed it would be from a want of that which had raised her to her present position. The Church of God existed under various names ; but in referring to that branch they had met in connection with that night, he pointed out the mistake made by people in suppos- ing that the Presbyterian Church was Scotch and nothing else. He believed it was as old as the days of the Apostles. Taking it up from the time of the Eeformation, they found the Presbyterian Church in France. John Calvin, who was spoken of as the founder of Pre3byterianism, was a Frenchman. Though the church had taken its greatest hold in Scotland, ho pointed out that it existed in Ger- many, England, Wales, Ireland, and had made immense strides in America. It was suit- able for the world, and was suitable for that new country, and they should do all they i could to extend it. The church seemed to have taken a greater hold in Victoria than in this colony. He urged them to do all they could for it and each one to work for it. There must be many workers there, as that large meeting testified. He hoped there would be many workers for the church both there and in other places. The Rev. JAMES LAMONT expressed his pleasure at being present, at seeing such a large gathering, and hearing such a good report. But he wished to say a few words of the unpublished and unwritten report of that congregation, and his re- marks would apply to the members of all churches. To any presont who did not belong to any church, he would tell an effective story of how such an one was rebuked by a crazy man in America, who told him that the Church of the Lord JesuB Christ could go on better without him than ha could without it. People did not confer a favour on a minister or a congregation by attending a church, but upon themselves. The church waa to help them, poor weak sinners, to pass along the world. But as to the unpublished report, he might say it was the one the recording angel has of the work done, not only of the congregation, but of each individual in it. They might compile statietics and know of the progress of the church, but they could not get at this report, which was the one that reached the throne of God. Daniel Webster was being entertained at a complimentary banquet in America, and was asked by a friend what was the greatest work he had over been engalged in. He replied that the most important thing that had occupied his atten- tion was his individual responsibility to God. Let them all, ministers and people, realise that as their moat important work, and they might de- pend upon it that their work in the church would go on. A person realising his responsibility to God would realise his responsibility to the individual members cf the congregation. He pointed out that it was not the thing, as some did, to see how little they could do without being thought lazy j or how little they could give without being thought mean. If they admitted that Christ had laid down his life for them-that He had pur- chased them, and they were His property-they would do everything as "-o Him. Everything that Christ asked them to do would be done for Him, even though at the same time it might be for the minister or the congregation. How such a thought would sustain them in their work, in their difficul- ties and disappointments. Let them realise that they did everything for the Lord Jesus Christ, then there would be a better report than even they had this year, and their church life would be better for it. He instanced a mi8sionary in Burmah, who was wanted %to go to a Cirtain place, but there was a want of funds, and he waa asked if he would go for a certain sum, less than he was then getting. After thinking it over, he replied that he would not go for that amount, but that he would go for the Lord Jesus Christ. Let them each realise their individual responsibility to God, and then everything would be more satisfactory. It would act and re-act between the people and the minister. The minister would be encouraged, and the people would get better preaching, and God's richest blessing would come down upon them. He friiRtpfl rhnf-, if TO-milrl fin an mnrr« flinn nvr.r. The Eev. C. STARK had great pleasure in being there as a fellow-worker in the vineyard of the Lord, and as one who represented a church, a part of the great body of Christ. He rejoiced in the success of their church, at the suc- cess of the gathering, and the glowing report. It encouraged them in working for their churches in that little town and district. Their work showed a marked advance. In such a meeting as that they mightask where were the opponentnof Christianity. What they had done was an indication of what they could do provided Christ dwelt in them. Then as a ehureh they would rise in all their glory. He believed in an omnipotent life in the church. He trusted they would have a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost, and in His power they would be suc- cessful. He wished them God speed, and that God would enable them to go on. The victory would be by and by when they heard those words, " Well done good and faithful servant." The CHAIRMAN said while he felt reason to thank God for the past and to take courage, there was one thing that was a profound grief to him. It was one great disappointment to him in coming to that charge. He had never failed in his past life in rallying the young men around him. In coming to Hinton, he thought without any great boasting cf having done so he would be able to do the same there. He was sorry to say that in this respect there had boen failure. Ho looked forward with hope to the future, and trusted that the young men of » Hinton would see that they would best serve themselves by doing all they could to work for the Church of God. He thanked the few faithful friends in the Hinton church he had among the young men ; he only trusted he would double and treble their numbers. There were Borne at that meeting who had never been in church since he had been there. They had nothing against him, but it was simply indifference. He appealed to them to reflect, to consider what in the eight of God they owed to themselves, to their brothers and sisters, and to the community at large. He regretted the absence of Dr. Boag, who, though not present in body, was with them in spirit. He had hoped to come, but his strength failed him. He trusted they would re- member him at the throne of grace, and pray God to be tender to him in his old age. Owing to the late hour he would not ask anyone to propose a vote of thanks ¡ but he expresaed their thanks to the committee who had worked so well, to the ladies providing and serving the tea, to the choir, the speakers, the friends who attended from I Seaham, Largs and Morpeth-and he said there that it was a remarkable thing that some of the young men of Hinton would go to church at Morpeth, and not to the Hinton one-ond to the representative of the Press. Last of all he thanked the Great Father of All for his assistance to the work of the church, to the Sabbath school teachers, and to heads of families in training up their children in the fear of the Lord. He trusted they would have many refreshing and stimulating meet- ings such as that. He announced that the children's picnic would take place on Thursday at Rosebank, midway between Seaham and Hinton, the two schools taking part in it. The meeting closed with the doxology and the benediction. 