HEINE'S DEATHBED [By Fekdbbick Vinton.1 Henri Heine, one of the most sceptical and cynical writers of the age, had pjsaed through terrible torments caused by disease of the spiaal marrow. Ote day, aB a friend was calling opon him, he said — ' If I could only wa'k on . cmtcbeB do you know where I would go !' 'No.' 'Straight to the church.' ? * You jett.' ' No, nc ; straight to the church.' His illness continue j. and this is the narra tive of anoiher of his fronds, who viBited him come years later, in 18 W : — -'I found Heine in Pane, but in what a statt ! He waB lying upon a matte es 3 spread npon the fiocr. The poor man waa almost whoJJy blind, and his body was s prey to the mist poignant anguish; his withered arms at ret eked lifeless by hiB side ; his disease in curable. His back, burned in spots by the enrgeens, was one Bore. He seemed the very picture of pain -, and yet his fair and noble visage had a strange aspect of peace and sab mission. He talked of his sufferings as if they were those of another. For a long time I could not understand so much peace and resignation in the midst of such an experience, especially in tbe case of one who had declared himself an atheist. '* He was not long ia giving me the explana tion. A smile upon hiB lips, he de'Ctibed to me y-et further the dreadful sufferings he en dured, and, after having eaid that he should never get better, he proceeded in that steady and powerful voice which still remained de spite bis utter weakness — Juy mend, Deiieve me, it is Henri Heine who tells you so, after having reflected on it for years, and after having reconsidered and maturely weighed what has been written on this subject by men of all sorts ; believe me, I have teached the conclusion that there is a God who judges our conduct, that the soul is immortal, and that after this lire there is another, where the good is rewarded and the wicked j-uniahed. Yes, this ia wh»t Henri Heine says, who has so often denied the Holy Ghost. If ever you have doubted these grand truths, fling from you these doubts, and learn by my example that nothing but simple faith in God's mercy can .sustain without repining atrocious pains. Without that faith, convinced as I am that my bodily state is desperate, I should long since have put an end to my days.' 'Profoundly moved I seized his hand. He went on:— 'There are fools who after having paeBed their lives in Boepticism and mistake, and denied God in their words and acts, have not courage to own that they are wholly deceived. As for me 1 feel compelled to declare that it ia a cursed falsehood which long made me blind. Oaly at present I see clearly ; and any man who knows me mnst confess that it is not because my faculties have become weak, for never was my mind more clear and strong than at this moment.1 ' 