Th8 Secret Chamber; on, TIHE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. By Eliza A. Dupluy, .4utlhor of "TAe Outlaw's Bride," "The i?ite Terror," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXýVII.-(Co.nxr n.) Ethel's fears began to communicate themselves to those around her, when the bustle of an arrival was heard. In a few moments, Gerald, glowing with health and happiness, entered the room in which the family was gathered, accom panied by his friend, Edmund Bertie, who soon found his way to the side of Alice, and the blushing reception she gave him showed that the prepossession on her side was at least as strong as on his. Gerald clasped his betrothed to his manly heart, and whispered : "'Never more to part, my dearest Ethel. A few more hours, and you will bhe mine by the most sacred of all ties." She raised her eyes to his, in which love and trust were mirrored, and replied in the same tone: "Yes, forever yours-yours in heart and soul. Oh l Gerald, nothing can part us now." Suddenly Ethel remembered the strange rollonov osh hnI, held through the win :w Gerald aside, and -set a messenger who \- mysterious manner to .ccidentally saw him dow, and spoke with singular proceeding on is. I have not seen any Did he say he would seek me ?" " Yes. He said his message was of such importance that he must go on the road to meet you." "The inclemency of the night must, then, have driven him to seek shelter before we came along. His news could not have been of much importance, or he would not have failed to deliver it." "Perhaps not; but he seemed very much in earnest." Gerald mused a moment and then said: "It must have concerned himself, then, for I am expecting no news that can mar the perfect happiness of this joy ful reunion. Dear Ethel, I have labored for you, and Heaven has blessed my ex ertions. 1 hold in my grasp the fruition of long years of toil, and all I have now to do is to enjoy the supreme happiness I have won with a thankful heart to the Giver of all good. The settlements are completed, and to-morrow we will be married. Thus the blessed Christmas season will be twice hallowed to me." Ethel would have petitioned for a de lay of a few days, but Gerald reminded her that lie had already submitted to many; that her trousseau was prepared, and everything in readiness, and where fre defer their union for a single day? She finally yielded, and he announced to the groups around the fire that the Christmas bells would also ring the peal for their marriage. They received the hearty congratulations of their friends, and Gerald went'out among the tenants, and after informing them of the ap proaching ceremony, requested their pre sence at the parish church on the follow. ing morning. Soon after they dispersed to their homes, and Gerald returned to the room in which the family was collected, where he found a cosy supper served, with the accompaniments of egg nog and mulled wine. The howls that contained them were wreathed with mistletoe, and when the merry meal was ended, Alice took the wreath from one of them, and, plac ing it on Ethel's head, .chanted some old rhymes which had struck, her fancy: " On Christmas Eve the bells were rang; On Christmas Eve the mass was sung; That only night in all the year Saw the stoled priest the chalice rear; The damsel donned her kirtle sheen ; Thehall was dressed with holly green; Forth to the woods did merry men go, To gather in the mistletoe; Then opened wide the baron's hall To vaessal, tenant, serf, and all." L?We have carried out the programme pretty well, Ethel, considering that we live in such degenerate times; and now that we may act out our own nonsense,. with no strangers to criticise us, 1 wish to indulge a fantasy of _ny own." .r What is It ?" asked Gerald, laughing. *"You may be sure of an appreciative audience." I Alice went on with smiling gravity : " [he name by which this plant is t known in Germany is der wssitel, and the f people of Holstein call. it the branch of I the spectres. They believe that if a per son has nerve enough to hold a bunch of j mistletoe firmly in the hand, and invoke t the spirit of the dead, he will see the one of whom he thinks-arise before him. If a he wills to do so, he can speak with the I spectre."_ "But, my dear Alice," said her father, "this seems to me a silly tampering with I things too solemn to be lightly regarded. Besides, it is most unsuitable to the fes- I tival we have just celebrated. Do not I attempt such a thing to night, or indeed on any other night, lest you might get frightened at your fancies." "Dear father, I have set my heart on I trying it now, so do not oppose'me. One I would think that you really believe in a ghosts. I do not, so you may safely let me verify the German supersti. f tion." c Alice seldom failed to carry out what- e ever she undertook, and, -after some r hard persuasion, her -father consented I that the trial might -be made. She said : " I have prepared an invocation which s will undoubtedly bring the airy phan toms around us, if there is any -truth in the belief." The placed herself in the centre of the r floor, grasped a branch of the mistle- e toe, and, assuming a tragic, air, com- I menced: 1 " Spirits oa the vasty deep, On the wings of night now sweep; Come with storm, come through air, 3 And answer to my earnest prayer ; If the dead may rise to light, Come and speak with me to-night." e There was a mystic silence, only inter rapted by the sound of the rising wind sweeping against the walls of the house. t After a pause of several moments, Alice t threw aside her tragic air, and said, in a disappointed tone : "I am not spiritual enough to have the weird vision revealed to ue; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with better t success. Come, priestess, you are al ready crowned with the Druidical wreath, and you shall take my place." With playful force she drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to refuse her re quest, Ethel permitted the branch of mistletoe to be thrust in her hand, and in her turn she repeated the invoca tion. Her face was turned toward the door, which opened in the hall, and while she { repeated the invocation her eyes became fastened to it, as she saw it begin slowly to unclose. A figure appeared in the open space that curdled the life-blood around her heart, and froze her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colored overcoat, made white by the snow that had fallen on it ; his long, fair hair bonded with the same fleecy flakes, fell in dis order .upon his shoulders, beneath which was seen a face as pallid as that of any 1 ghost. Ho spoke in a tone of hollow mockery : "You have called me, and- lo! I- 1 come." A cry escaped Mrs. Digby, and she ex claimed : "It is Vernor ! You have summoned 1 him from the realms of the dead.-- Drop 1 that branch, that he may forever 1 vanish." " That is easier said than done," said Vernor, in his natural voice, as he strode forward and confronted the group. "I am no 'goblin-damned,' but a flesh and blood entity, which I can well believe you would all be glad to drive back into the realms of everlasting no thingness. But I am here, and have come to claim my own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it." For a moment Gerald stood frozen in to silence by this terrible interruption to their mirth. But hlie was aroused from his immobility by a faint cry from Ethel, and she fell Insensible in his out stretched arms. As they folded around her, the wretched conviction came to him that another person possessed the right to stand between himself and her lie had deemed so entirely his own. He stified the deep groan of agony that arose in his tortured soul, and endeavored to restore animation to Ethel by sprink ling water from the table over her inani mate features. Vernor made a step toward him, and hoarsely said: " Unhand that lady, sir I Let my aunt minister to her, for I do not choose my wife to lie thus in the arms of another man. I am too frozen to touch her my self or I would tear her from your defiling grasp. lie had drawn near the fire, the others shrinking away from him as if they still regarded him as a supernatural presence, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over the blazing fire. Geralld cast upon him a glance of defiance, and sternly said: "This lady need not become an object of contention between us. Her own de cision shall govern both of uis as to which one she will prefer as her future hus band." "I comprehend that ruse," replied Vernor, with a contemptuous curl of his -haughty lip. "You think yourself se cure of getting it in your favor, but the law gives her to me, and I defy you or anyone else to invalidate my claim." "You resigned her long, ago to me. I thought you dead, or I should have placed her fate beyond your con trol." "Bnut you see that I am not dead, and you have failed to accomplish that neces sary duty. Since youneglected it, Ishall avail myself of every right I still possess over that girl, who offers a pretty wel come to her long-absent husband, by fainting when he appears in her pre sende. "Do not dare to call yourself her hus band, for in the sight of God you are not -you never have been that l You sacrificed her once to your desire for the wealth she inherited, and you have now returned to force her odious bonds upon her because she again has fortune to be stow upon you." Irs. Digby, with trembling hands, had been bathing the brow of Etheli who now unclosed her eyes, looked around, and seeing Vernor buried.her face in Gerald's bosomn, while phe m-l'.. red : "It is tro;, :h?. 1 Ii. was . - iantoml Take mie way---hold me ifast- Gerald, for I will cling to you even in death it self !" Vernor strode toward hL:, 'ied mock ingly said-r . "So-o-my lady bride will not even look upon her long-absent one. I can well imagine the vigils you have held tears you have wept over my supposed fate-my pretty Ethel, and if they have dimmed your beauty I- can forgive it. Let me look upon your face, that I may judge if it is much changed since we last met." Ethel raised her hand as if to deprecate a nearer approach, and turning her color less face toward him, she said: "Leave me forever, I implore you! Take my fortune, take everything I claim, but leave ms free to walk my path of life without your companionship. You never loved me: you gavemle up yourself, and I call on you to redeem your alighted word." "On my soul, if it were possible to claim your wealth without the encum brance, I would take you at your word," he fiercely rejoined. "But so important a personage as Lady Clifton cannot so easily renounce her hereditary estates in favor of another. Only as your husband can I hold them, and as such I intend to enjoy them. Loose your hold on that man; cease to cling to him, or my passion may pass the bounds of freedom." Ethel relaxed her grip on Gerald's arm, stood upright before him, and a faint shade of color swept over her pale face as she spoke with dignity : "I obey you, since the right to command me is still unfortunately yours; but hear me in my turn. No earthly power shall ever compel me to live with you as your wife. You may, for a season, stand between me and the man I love, but I shall find means to break the wicked bonds in which you bound me while I was yet too young to comprehend how odious they might become. You snter loved me; my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and the wealth I now posses shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power." " It might, perhaps, if Ipermitted you to use it for that purpose; but I shall take good care not to do so. The laws of England give a man absolute control over his wife, and I advise you to submit to the fate that is inevitable. Almost by a miracle I escaped shipwreck in which you thought I had perished. The letters I wrote you were never received, it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. He who sought to supersede me in my family inheritance, and also in your affections, can doubtless give an account of them." He fixed his eyes insolently on Gerald, who proudly replied: "My whole course in life refutes such an absurd charge; neither do 1 believe that such letters have ever been written. Where have you been during all these years !" Vernor dared not name the place of his late residence, and he said: "I was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. When the news of the revolu tion in the country reached there, I immediately embarked for my native home. On landing at Lyne, I learned that you had usurped my title and for tune, and that my bride was also about to bestow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to such proceedings and now, Sir Gerald Methurn, I demand the restitution of my wife and estate." " On the last you have no legal claim, for the property of my uncle has become mine by purchass. The title has also been bestowed on me forservices rendered to the present-king; but I waive my right to bear it if you choose to assume a barren distinction unsupported by the wealth that can only render it respectable. As to Ethel, she has declared her resolution not to be claimed by you. I will main tain her right to do so at any cost." The rest of the group had listened in appalled silence to this passionate colloquy; but Mr. Dighy here interposed: " It is useless to recriminate thus. Mrs. Dighy, remove Ethel to her chamber for she seems scarcely able to sustain her self. Go with them, Alice, and send a servant to conduct Mr. Bertie to his chamber. Gerald and myself will talk with Vernor, and endeavour to bring him to a more reasonable frame of mind." Vernor stepped forward and attempted to take Ethel's hand in his; but she shrank away, saying: "No-no-never shall my hand be clasped in yours again. You resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract." A dark frown gathered on his brow and he said, through his closed teeth: " We shall see who shall be thawinner. I play for a great stake, and the opposi tion of a feeble woman shall not mar my game. I give you this night to reflect upon your position and make up your mind to your inevitable fate. Ethel Methurn, 1 claim your allegiance as my lawful wife, and, mark me, it shall be rendered." Ethel seemed on the verge of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily drew her aside. The three ladies left the room together, Alice almost sustaining the sinking form of her friend, whose strength was exhausted by the violent emotions of the last few moments. When in her own chamber she wept upon the bosom of her adopted mother, and wildly asked if it would be possible for Vernor to force her to live with him as his wife. "Calm your agitation, my love," said Mrs. Digby, soothingly. " 'ernor assumes a high tone, but he must feel the weakness of his cause. He cnnsot compel you to return to him. It will take thime to obtain a divorce, but no Englislh jury will refuse a verdict in your favor, whlen the facts of the case are fairly set before them." "But Yernor may attempt to avenge on Gerald the preference I feel for him. Oh! 'sunty, he looks so savage, so revengeful, that my heart dies within imes when I thiik of him." "MIy son can protect himself, Ethel; have no fears for him. Bad us I am afraid Vernor is, he will attempt no violence toward his cousin. IHe has too tender a care for his own safety, you may besure." Thus reasoned, Ethel became more composed, but for her acbing heart there was no repose during the long hours of that wretched night. The light of that day, which was to have witnessed her espousals to the man she I adored, fell upon her wan and wretched, fearful of the evil influence which had Sdarkened her life.and half- broken her heart. She was too ill andmiserable to I descend to breakfast, and Alice came in to Sshare therepast which was served in her -own apartment. She endeavored to cheer the sinking spirits of her friend, but she had as yet no favorable niew to comn municate. CHAPTER XXVIII. VERNOR DISMAYED. Vainly did Mr. Digby endeavor to mediate between the two cousins. Vernor pertinaciously adhered to his demands. and declared that the full and ample restitution of his fortune, together with the surrender of Ethel, were the only terms to which he would listen. Several days were consumed in fruit less negotiation, during which Ethel confined herself to her own apartment, I and steadily refused to receive the intruder. Vernor assnuecd the command of the house'as its lawful master, and the I servants learned to their dismay that the wedding of their lady would not take place, as the former husband, long sup posed dead, had returned to assert his prior claim to her. Gerald was almost in despair at the firmness of Vernor, when a letter fromn Lyme was delivered to him which changed the aspect of affairs in his favor. i It was directed in the cramped hand of one .not much accustomed to writing, and, on opening it, he found these lines SIR GERALD METIOURN- HonsoredSr: I write this to let you know of a discovery I have made which may be important to you. Three days ago a ship went ashore near this place; the people on board were saved, and one of the passengers were brought to Jessie Lithgow's where I lodge. She is a young and beautiful woman, I can see, although she has been sick almost unto death since her arrival here. During her illness her wild ravings informed me of some facts that bear upon the history of your cousin, Vernor Methura, who I am aware is now in England. I know much of Vernor's former life, and when his first name fell so often from her lips I listened to her words with interest. I sought for a confirmation of my suspicions, and found a letter concealed in the dress she wore when she was brought hither, which proved to me that I was right in my con jectures. l inclose you a copy of that letter, as I dared not remove the original. You can judge for yourself if the facts it contains can be of any use to you at this crisis. ]Ie has marriaeda second wife while his first one is yet living, and this poor girl has followed him to demand such redress as the law may afford. Four nights ago Vernor Methurn was in this place, and by this time he is un doubtedly at Cliffden. I know the Lady Ethel was soon to marry you, and the infor mation I send may enable you to deal with your adversary on more equal terms. You may rely on the truth of this statement from a friend, although my.name is not signed to it. M. V. Below this was copied the letter Vernor had written to Sylvie,. and Gerald no sooner glanced over it than he saw from internal evidence that his cousin must have been the author of theoriginal. The date also confirmed his suspicions that Vernor had not told the truth as to the place of his refuge during the years of his absence. In a tumult of feeling he sought Mr. Dighy, and laid the important missive be fore him. He read it carefully, and then said : "This places Vernor at your mercy. The woman he has thus wronged will ex pose his treachery, and to avoid a prosecution for bigamy he will be com pelled to fly from the country. A delay of a few months will enable you to claim your bride, for now all legal difficulties to a divorce must vanish before the proofs you can bring forward of his utter want of principle and feeling. Let us seek an interview with him, and show him the critical position in which he stands." Vernor was walking on the sea-beach, but in a short time he came up and re turned to the house. Gerald met him in the hall, and requested a private conver sation in the library. "Our interviews lead to so little thatis satisfactory that it seems useless to hold them," he said, with a sneer; "butI will not refuse your request." " This one at least will be more decisive," was the significant reply; "I have something of importance to com municate to you which will probably change your plan of action." " I fancy not ; but we shall ase," and he indolently followed his cousin, and threw himself in a chair in front of the fire. MIr. Digby was seated beside the library table, and Gerald carefully closed the door of the room. Vernor haughtily said: " Youtake many precautions which are now useless, for every servant in this house knows who I am and why I have come hither. They also begin to compre hend that I intend to maintain the foot ing I have gained here as the lawful master of the domain." "I am quite well aware of that ; but they do not know what I ant about to communicate to you. It has been known to myself only within the last hour, and I warn you that it will be a terrible blow to you." "T et it fall, then," was the reckless rejoinder. "I am prepared for anything youe can have to tell me." " I think you are scarcely prepared for this. How long is it since you left Bar badoes and deserted the woman to whom you were united there 1 I am aware that you have never been in Virginia: that the years of your exile were spent in the West Indies." As Vernor listened his cheeks blanched. He visibly trembled, though he faltered: "It is false I No woman has a legal claim to me save Ethel. Why should you presume to doubt my word as to the place of my exile ?" "I doubt it because it is satisfactorily proved to me that you have never been in Virginia. The woman you lately deserted is already in England inhpursuit of you, and by this time the clue to your identity is furnishted to hier, though you wedded her only under your baptismal name ?" Lie looked fixedlyon the changing face of the listener, and if confirmation had been needed, the agitation of Vernor supplied it. He faintly gasped: "Sylvie in England! Sylvie on my track I then I am indeed undone I" After a moment of perturbed thought, he passionately asked: "tWho has told you this 1 What proof have you of what you assert ?" - Gerald offered him the letter of the gipsy, and calmly said: "Read that, and see that you are no' longer safe in this country." (Tobe ContinueS.) WHEN the grave-digger was asked how he found life, he replied that he didn't see much of it around where he worked. SOFTLEIGU: " Miss Flyte, do you think Miss Giggie is laughing at me 1" Miss Flyte i "I can't say, Mr. Softleigh, She often lauglhs at lmost nothings" 