MR. AND MRS. BOWVSER. BY M?lS. BOWSER. AT three o'clock the other afternoon I acoi. dentally caught sight of Mr. Bowser skulk. lug about the back yard. He had bePen very restless at dinner-time, anud I at once felt that something was w wrong. caller came, and I could not get out tob the barn for half an hour, and then it was too late. A horse stood in the stall, and Mr. Bowser stood looking at the horse. "Have you-you.- ?" I gasped. "Have I what ?" " Bought another horse, after those two dreadful failrees p" "Dreadful failures I I bought one horse and be objeooted to the neighbourhood. The other likled theo. neighbourhood, but you objected to tile colour." " Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one, you know, and you will surely be swindled." " Swindled 1. I be sewindled in a horse I Mrs. Bowser, the man who can swindle me in a horse has yet to be born I I know 'em from ears to heeools. I can roead 'em like so many books, We need a horse. Here was a chanoe for a great bargain, and I improved it." " I'm so-so sorry 1" " That's just like you, but I can't help it. I doh't propose to throw a hundred dollars over my shoulder. I bought that animal for 200 dol., and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay 800 dol. I wouldn't take 400 dol. for him as he stands there." ~ub out, and after a time Mr. I was rmowed me into the house, aed Bower" said'os: wait a week, and if he doesn't turn tat all right I'll sell him for the 300dol. and give you the extra 100 dol." Nothing further was said until tile next moioning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowsor telephoning about condition powders, bran mashes, toe-weights, quarter. boots, hand- holders, and throat-eweaters. It seemed to me that he ordered about $50g worth of those things. Twice in the night he rose and raised the back window to listen and hle was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beams of daylight. He came into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and announced: " Mr's. 3owser, yourself and your child are invited to a sleiglh- ride after breakfast." "You don't mean it I" " Buet I do. Not only that, but I hope to show you a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow." He had borrowed a neighbour's cutter and bells, and after breakfast I made ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better to make a start from tile barn, and when I came there I found a lengthy, rawboned, wall eyed equine pawing the floor and work ing his ears, and anxious to be off. "He looks dangerous," I said, after watching him for a minute. "So does a stuffed lion, but he isn't. However, if you are a coward I'll ask Mrs. Johnston to go." " Mr. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him yourself." " W-what I Afraid of him, or any other horse living I You can't go with me Mrs. Bowser I Go into the house I " I held the horse while hie shut the barn. door, and I sized tile animal up as a vicious brute. I fully expected a calamity of some sort, but I would not back out nor let Mr. Bowser go alone. I entreated him to un hitch, but he glared at me and replied: " Have you gone clean daft ? This horse is as gentle as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let the baby drive him. Whoa, Claudinus!l Now you may go." But Claudius didn't go. He pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hina-feet, and seemed to have struck a circus. "Is this a, blooded horse?" I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was loolking puzzled. "Certainly. He's a Fearnaught." " Then he doesn't fear us, does he ? And do Fearnaught horses always gothrough those cunning tricks before they start off ?" "IKeep still! Go on, Claudius." Claudius dropped down on all- fours long enough to use his hind-feet and send the dashboard of the cutter flying high above our heads, and as I piclked the slivers out of my bonnet I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadn't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a sort of hop, slip, and jump, which gave me the impression that tle cutter wanted to get over the fence into the next yard. After getting a start the horse laid himself out for a run, and as I realised this I 'said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions "He was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he? This is only his way of getting down town, isn't it?" "He's running away' " shouted Mr. Bowser, as his hat blew off and a great cloud of snow whizzed by his ear. " But you ain't afraid of any horse living, you know ? It's probably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace I " Whatever else could be said against the horse he was a runner. He had a contract to draw us at the rate of a mile every three, minutes, and he didn't stop to count the, cost. How we managed to dodge street-. ears, sleighs, cutters, and trucks, and t, turn three or four corners in safety I can't explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr. Bowser was looking for a soft place to fall out on. The brute stopped after a two-mile dash, and when I brought him up to the kerbstono, apolicemanhad to lift Mr. Bowser out and give him a swhallow of coerdial to brace him up. "I had him almost stopped when a cramp. caught me," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. "Rats I " called half-a-dozen voices.e " Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no, such beast as that" I "Nobody but a fool would have bought such a brute I" "Come off, old man, and buy you a hobby horse ! " Mr. Bowser and I went home on the car. We didn't say much until we reached the house. I wasn't going to say much t'n,, but Mr. Dowser turned on me wit: " Now, then, explain your ' nduct l" " What ?" "In snatching those lih'es out of my hand and trying to make a heroine of yourself I Mrs. Boawse?, hear is a limit to all things. You have oOl~",,d that limit II may not be hocme .si ,his week I " •Bul was. Indeed, he has been very hbumltel, ever since. He got rid of the horse uKxt day, gave me money for a spring bon net, and it is mutually understood that we I don't refer to the past.-Dotroit Free Press. Medical men in general are probably not aware that in France, at least, the doctor's claim on the estate of a deceased patient has precedence of all others. Even the landlord's claim for arrears of rent must yield to the doctor's fee. The courts of Rouen, Poiotieri, and the Seine have alike decided that as it is an imperative right of humanity that the dying should have the neecessary care and treatment, it should be paid before all the other debts. A limited liability company, whose object is solely to explore the Egyptian pyramids, has been constituted in Philadelphia. The company proposes to carry out its exploring operations, which are to unravel the hidden secrets of the Pharoahs' empire, by the aid of powerful steam-engines and the latest patented American diamond rook-drills. A new invention to prevent collisions at. son, consisting of a small plate fixod at the side of the vessel, has been very successfully tried on the Thames. Electricity is the active agent. The approach of another vessel within two miles causes a bell to. sound, and an indicating arrow shows the' direction whence it comes. Pomade to Prevent the Hair from FPalling• Off (Hardy).-Beof fat, 60; castor oil, 25 ; gallic acid, 2; essence of vanilla, a few drops. to scent the product. 