[?] Nina Boucicault is playing in Canada. Isabel Morris has bought " Gwynne's Oath. " Madame Cora's Royal-Marionettes are in Japan. F. B. Warde (U.S.A. ) has declined tempting offers for an Australian tour. .The Martinetti troupe are performing with great success in London. . Fergus Hume, of " Hansom Cab" fame is writing a; drama in' London. . May Holt has a comedietta called " Waiting Con sent" being played in London, by Toolti. ' . Mdme. Janauschek's company is on tour in the United States, playing in all the. large cities east, west, and south. Frank Mayo is to leave America for Australia and New Zealand shortly. He is timed to open in Mel bourne next May. . The Fisk Jubilee singers sent £95 to the Johnstown, Pa., flood sufferers, from Brisbane, Queensland. The amount was the result of a special concert. Mr. Alfred Lewis has been committed for trial, bail two sureties of £20.0 each, for libelling Miss Florence St. John in a new journal called The Wasp; Mr. ;Max Strakoseh, the well-known New York impressctrioy has been seized: with a paralytic stroke, and his life is despaired of by the physicians. Mrs. Langtry opened her autumn tour on the 9th September at Wolverhampton, appealing as 'Esther Sanclraz. . , . Mr. Wilson Barrett was entertained to supper by thte members'- of the Manchester Art Club on the 20th V August, and a very pleasant evening was spent. Lionel Brough arrived at the Cape of Good Hope . August 24tli, and was reported well, and " fit." He was announced to open in "The Paper Chase." During a theatrical performance at Foo Chow, China, the stage, projecting over the river, broke, throwing about 100 people into the water. One child was drowned. Miss Emma Chambers' has been playing at Port Louis, South Africa, and is now probably in Natal. The local papers 'speak, highly of her production of " My Sweetheart. " ... Madame Melba is suffering from a slight affection of the throat, and has had to leave London, and give up an engagement at Berlin. She is to appear shortly in Monte Carlo and Paris. At Leeds, August 20th, Mr. Arthur Roberts invited the members of the London and local press to a. sumptuous repast at the Griffin Hotel, Avhen a few happy hours were enlivened by the never-failing wit and humor of the host. Mr. Charles Wilmot of the Grand Theatre, Isling ton, is arranging with Miss Wallis for the production of Wills' " Ninon " for twelve . nights. If all goes well it will be presented in October. " The Dead Heart" is to be revived - at' the Lyceum, and the'Robertsonian comedy to be resuscitated at the Criterion. " Pink Dominoes" at the Comedy Theatre, and " Sweet Lavender" at Terry's. . "RuyBlas and the BIas£ Roud" was produced at the New Grand, Birmingham, on the 2nd September, Miss Nellie Farren appearing as Ruy Bias, and Mr. Fred. Leslie as Don Gcesar de Bazan. That Mr. .Luscombe Searelle, F.R. G.S. is a clever L operatic composer nobody, we suppose, will be inclined to deny, but as a poet — " Oh Lor." : We have not had i- an opportunity of perusing the whole of his " Dawn L of Death," nor indeed have we any desire to do so, > after reading a few. hap-liazard specimens of the O " poem." This work, which is one of 148 pages, and >-. of which a sequel'-jie. tllrdflfcened, is the work of a modern diluted Dante, who, in a kintl of vision, pays cr. a visit to the gaping caves,- the fiery lakes, the black (5 abysses, and other uncomfortable quarters, "Where throng the ghosts . of Hell." -As a meclianiciil verse writer, Mr. Searelle is not at all, bad, indeed his work is marked by a fatal fluency, but as a poet, no. It has not an original thought, nor even one graceful new fancy, so far as Ave haAre seen. Certainly the language and ideality is most greAvsome of the grewsome, but after a little of it one is inclined to tire, if not to yaAvn. It is, in fact, too hot altogether/ Fancy 23 notes of exclamation in nine lines, and not a line that i Dante or Milton haven't expressed a thousand times better. The fact is, we suppose, that Mr. L. S. has of late been taking pork chops for supper, and that this is the outcome. Verdict—' ' Charged Avith Avriting poetry. Not guilty. Don't do it again." 1 