Tue " W iRTcrT." -.n accidelt which happened to Lord Justice Fry's brougham recently reminds a correspondent of a con temporary of an amusing anecdote. IIHe says: "Apropos of the above, I was once in a cigar-shop, somei 15 years ago, opposite .Tattereall's, whenou I heard a coachman de scribing a similar accident which happened to the late Lord Chief Justico Cookburn. It interested me exceedingly. Said the coachman, who was in the servico of his lordship, 'I'm blowed if somebody ladn'it prigged my curb-chains as I waited outside Westminster Hall for the Governor-Gonoral and jest went away a minute to get a drop of something to keep up my spirits a bit, feeling lonely, for no sooner was I on the road homo, with him a-perusing his papers inside, as wuas his habit, and had got out on the tralli, and lot 'em stop out, than, with their heads for home, they wout right up to their bits, and then broke into a canter I It was no good haulsig at 'em. They had got fast hold of me, and I was rather flab bergasted, when the old 'un pulled the choeck-string and shouted, "lHi! Ain't you going a bit fast l" I couldn't turn round, but I jerked my reply over my shoulder like, and Ihalloned, " They're off my lord; blowed if they ain't running awayl" " Dear me " his lordship re marked, quito peaceful - like, " are they indeed ? Then miil you run into some thing inexpensive." Withl that he sat back calm and collected, and resoomed reading, while I looked out for a cheap and a soft place, which I twigged in a dung-cart a-going right before me. I drove my polo slap into it, and effectually stopped the horses, w'hioh weren't none thi better for the job, you may bet. I went slap atop of the dung-heap, I did, but the old 'un wvalked out of Lord Brouglmham's chancery-box just as solemn as if he was stepping out of his old arm-chair with the black cap on. " WTordict for the plaintiff, my lord," says I, " and no costs worth speakling of." But it acted as a caution never on no account no more to get up on the box without looking my horses over.' " Tss COU',uPESSED AIm SySTErEIm I. PA1sI. Every visitor to Paris has noticed the pneumatic clocks which stand at the corners of the streets and in the rooms of the principal hotels and public buildings. When indoors, they attract attention by the absoence of the ordinary tioling, which is replaced by an unusual click, occurring every minute. If the mechanism of one of those clocks be investigated, it is found to be exceedingly simplo; the principal part being a small cylinder with a piston. The cylinder is connected by a small flexiblo tubo with a network of fixed pipes running through the building; and those are again coupled to a main in the street. Every mimnuto a wave of pressure cirmulates through thie entire system of pipes; and the hands of all thie oloolks malo an advance. Thoro are inlmenso mnlmbers of thoose clohus in l'ariu; the tolal on October JI of last year haivinig beoni 780(I. 'ITheir iniilllahtion lhais boon greatly ftcilitatcd bsy t tuyteloni of so-callcld nowors whicr h oxists .i s ;.. sity; for time maim pipson cau bru leeI" :s thoese without IbrossillU thie irebel,. SPECTACLES FOR USE IN SPECLL SURGERY. -Spectacles for use in surgical operations, and lit by means of a small electric lamp, are a new invention. The lamp is arranged to send a beam of cool light on the part to be examined. Meanwhile the rims of the spectaoles exclude the outside light from the observer's eyes. The current is con voyed to thile lamp by wires connected with th?o small terminals. T1c H euM.E BEEn.-Reports are to hand from Milton, Otago (Now Zealand), that the humble bee has been successfully introduced tlhero. If this turns out to be correct, New Zealand will shllortly be able to produce its own red cloversoed. R?ed cloverisfertilised by thile humble bee, from the absence hitllherto of which insect New Zealand has bad to import all the red clover seed needed. Two gentlemen of colour, overcome by thIe excitoment of a political debate in a brick-yard, found themselves using the bricks in place of argument. As a result one of them was severely wounded. Their employer, who witnessed the fight, was so indignant with thle victor that he advised thelo wounded man to get out a warrant for his arrest. After tlhe employer left the yard a colollred friend of the sufferer, who Ihad also witnessed thle flight, gave this very sound advice: "Look hyar, Sam; dean' yo' git no warrant. Yo' git yo'aelf two peices of plarster, an' put one piece on your lade, au the other on you' mouth." Harper. She was so Surprised.-" I wouldn't be a bit surprised if Mr. Comeoften proposed to night," she said as she stood before her mirror. "He's been coming here every night for a month, and if that don't mean a proposal I'm greatly mistaken. He's decidedly eligible in every respect, and if I do got him won't the other girls rave I" And when he did propose at about eleven o'clock that night she said: " Why, Mr. Comeoften; I am so surprised. I really I-I-- don't lknow what to say. This is all so entirely unexpected. I had not the least idea that you-you-your intentions were serious, andI-I----an you really and truly love me ?" Of course he said he did, and she, after renewed and charming explanationus of surprise, accepted him on the spot.-Detroit Free Press. The new dean of Chichester (Dr. Pigou) is a bit of a humourist, and in Sussex, where a very little clerical wit goes a long way, they are saying that he is quite as funny as Sydney Smith. At a church festival at Eastbourne last week he brought down thle house by telling how some letters come to him addressed "Dr. Pagan." Dr. Pigoo excited a still heartier burst of laughlter when he communicated the secret for makling a goblin vanish: "Ask the ghost for a subscription to the Suaday school funds." He added that the best way to dispurse a turbulent crowd during a riot is to announce a " collection." The ex vicar of Leeds in making these remarks is not complimentary to the Anglican laity. Christian Leader. Lieutenant Szepeshazy of the Hungarian hussars, has committed suicide in the same way as Prince Rudolph, by firing a revolver at his head whilst looking into a mirror. He had returned home from a mourning service for the crown prince, during which he was much affected. An extensive business is being done at present in the United States in the manu facture of paper clothing. The fabric pro duced is certainly pretty, and is claimed to be, on the whole, as durable as the lighter woolen and cotton goods manufactured for similar purposes. Mr. M'Ewan M.P. Ihas presented £60,000 to the University of Edinburglh, in order that an academic hIall may be built. It will be capable of holding 3000 persons. Editor-" You say you wish this poem to appear in my paper anonymously ?" Would-be contributor-" Yes; I don't want any name to it." " Then I can't publish it." " Whly not?" "Because I am conscientious about this matter. I don't want an unjust suspicion to fall upon some innocent person." Guest-" I wish I had come here a'week ago." Propriotor-" Ah, that is very flat tering to my hotel." " I don't know about that. What I mean is tlht I would have preferred to have eaten this fish tllhenll instead of now." Diner (to slow waiter): " Some roast beef, well done, potatoes, and a glass of boor." Waiter: " Yes, sir; anything else, sir ?" Diner: " Yes, I'd like it this after noon." "Don't fret, Jo1n," said Mrs. Wiggins; " you've lost nearly overything you had in thle world, I know, but remember you've still got me." "Yes," said John with anotlher heartfelt groan ; " that's just what I was thliuling." 