How the Tiger Kills antl- Ruts. In a paper read before the liombay Natural History Society recently, and pub lished in its journal, Mr. Inveiaiitv, noted i/iiMri, discussed liie habits of the ti^er, and ^sp^cially the mode in which it kills and cats its prey. Some think he seizes by Uic tbroat others by the nape of the neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has (X.imtnsd scorrs of siain animals with special reference to this point, and in every ease but one the tbroat was seized from beloiv. The exception was an old boir who had been seiz d by the back of the neck from above. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by Lis companions, had no idea when he recovered his senses what had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tame bunting leopards always kill bj pressure oil the windpipe, without break. injl the sk'n ; possib'y the tiger kills in the same way. It is only by accident, if at all. that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to speak ol flows from the throat* wounds. Very large and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, arc in the first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. ?Ba.-ing killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a iiind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Soinit rnes he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are ; sometimes he will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. A ti£=r and a tigress together will finish an ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only the head. In this case it is probable that the second begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but | are always dragged a short distance. They are not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. Haviug gorged himself,the tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weathei and there are hills in the neighbourhood, hp. will go a long distance off before resting for the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the hill side than in the close hot jungle. He returns next night and finishes what is left, but he never eats a second time on. the same spot, dragging the remains of the | prey 40 or .70 yards off. Sportsmen coming on a half-devoured animal and desiring to catch the tiger, tie the prey to a tree. The tiger takes about two hours'steady eating to finish the fore quarters of a bullock. Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress cno night who ate for ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter hours. He did not fire, as he could not see her. Tigers nre cannibals ; they will tsske their meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once in five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does w.t care to hunt much for a few days; bat a tiger Kills whenever he can. They have been known to kill on I4r consecutive nights. i^Mr. Inverarity believes that arums'is killed by tigers suffer little beyond the pqnic of a few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess in which there is nc sense of pain or feeling of terror. The powerful stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is a fiction ; he clutches with his claws as one might with the fingers, but does not strike a blow. Tigers wander immense distances et nigbt, and, as they like easy going, they goon roadi and paths. They do not like to move dur ing the haet of the day, as the hot ^rr.uaii burns their pads and makes them r?'v. The; can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette one climbed after a cc-itaiu Pandoo, but could not rcach him, and re tired. l'audoo, thinking the coast dear, go" down and ran toward home, but on the way was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pandoi; died of the tiger eating him ; there was n« other cause of death. Nothing was lef, except some lingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand." Nativei have a belief that tiie ghosts of the man eater's victims ride in his head and warn bim of danger, or point the way to flesh victims. 