5TOTES A3T& COMMENTS. ! -'all quantities of sulphate of soda (Glauber's salts) Lave recently been found in the aunospliiere along with common salt and sulphate of liaie (gypeaw). These mineral substances constitute portions o£ iha aerial dust. The shares of &e; Xortb Pahang- Pros celling Companv are selling at Singapore at frou! itlol. to 4dol-. although the Coiu pauy is not yet registered. Tlmee- quarters of a pound of stone from tlie Eaub Mine, {licked at random from a heap, lias been assayed, with a result eqoal to 32oz, per ion. A ciacTMSTAiccE which Las an important bearing on the supply of alcohols in the animal economy has been pointed out by Draper in his book on physiology. He points out that digestive or fenuentatire fih&Tg;&s; of milk, as well as of starchy or of saccharine substances, when carried on at the temperature of tlie boiy, result in the formation of alcohol. It might be rather a sb.ck to the tidings of a mother to reeongnise that the gambols of her babe, due. to high spirits and health, are literally cause i hy alcohuiic sprits. But it is a fact, iieverdielcss. As, therefore Eoms fonn of alcohol is a nueessary ingredient of the body, it is of the greatest importance for everyone to hold correct notions concerning its value. A bahque landed at Philadelphia the other day, 300 tons of sulphur from the extinct craters of Jipan. It is reported that tlie Japanese have recently found that the craters of some of their extinct vol canoes arc rich in sulphur ; and the ship Clicesurough has been chartered to load a similar cargo at Hakodate, for Sandy llook, at £1 & per ton. The action of Miss Phyllis Broughton against Lord Dangan still remains on the list, although tlie case 36 settled. The terms of the settlement are that Miss Broughton receives 2500 guineas damages and has tins opportunity of coming into court to go icto tlie witness-box, so that no stain may rest on her character, end no prejudicial inferences may be ilratvo from Lord Pangon's Beglect to fulfil the en gagernect- JJousE-rUE5 are, and have always been, among- the most ' unpopular' of insects. Luther is said to have hated them heartily, and to have massacred them without mercy. He was wroth with them, and called them ?' emissaries of Diabolue, and tlie ghosts of heretics.' because they buzzed about him, and distracted his attention when he was reading a pious book. It will be remem bered that, according to the prevailing ideas of the old Romans, the bluebottle and the common house-fly together constu bated one of tlie many plagues of the me diaeval purgatory. Thus a correspondent of a London paper : While taking an after-dinner stroll along the bank of a stream, I had a shot with a etone at a bat flitting down the river. The etone struck the water a little in front of the bat, which, either by duck ing to avoid tlie Etone or from fright, fell into tbe water. After several attempts to rise, it suddenly struck oat for the shore with its wings, getting along at a great pace. I assisted it on to the bank ; and, after waiting ten minutes to dry, it flew off, none the worse for its adventure. Peiscess Louise of Wales bore three different titles at intervals during her wedding-day. Before her marriage die urasrPrmcess Louise of Wales ; after tlie ceremony she had become Countess of Fife; anj after the wedding-breakfast she was Duchess of Fife—the Queen having created her husband Marquis of Macduff ena Duke of Fife. A rARiEOL at the recent Sandown races In England excited a great deal of attention. It was entirely composed of real white IBac, made on a' net foundation. A girl who drove down to the races a four-in-hand entirely herself, wifli no assistance from the man lidsiiie her, even when getting into crowded London ett^ete, caused even more excitement 