CHAPTER IL WANTED, A THOUSAND POUNDS. Those who kindle a ore, most pat up with the fitcoke. There sre no windows in a man's breast to publish what he does within doors, unless his own rash folly blab it. "And he really wants mother to give him a thousand pounds-to pay his debts." Har riet Pennington ielt obliged to utter the words aloud ; she coald not believe her own thought, unless she made it audible. A thousand pounds seemed a great deal of money to her. How it appeared to her mother, bow it would affect their own daily life she oonld not telL Mrs. Pennington had always been reserved aa to her resooroes. They had lived in good style, and the oash for their domeatlo wants had come without care, and without petty restrictions and delays. But yet Harriet understood that her Brother's demand had brought sorrow and anxiety. The private interview between mother and son had been a prolonged and painful one, and the mother had eertainly been made ill by its revelations. 8he loved her brother, bat she was not blind to his faults. Daring her childhood she had often suffered for them. Whatever others thought of George Pennington, she knew him to be selfish and overbearing. "His fine appearanoe- his fine manners!" sheBaid scornfully; "what are they worth I He never does a really noble or a really kind action. His love has never conferred happi ness on any living creature, beoause he has never sacrificed his smallest personal detire to those whom he profeued to love; and I saw his face last night as he watched Bella coming throngh the garden. Will he reBpeot her because she has been the playmate and companion of my ohildhood-beoause I still love her and oare for her future ? I would not believe him if he swore to it-I saw his faoe last night." It is not usual in these days for young girls to soliloquise, because now the majority live in crowds, they travel, they have continual society. But children ana girls reared in seclusion, with few companions, and no con fidants, are almost certain to talk to their own heartB. But for thie resource, Harriet would often have felt very lonely. She had grown familiar with it. If she was happy, she told herself so; if any annoyanoe came | into her life. Bhe was certain to di83UB8 it eotto voce in ner solitude. She stood at the open window as she spoke her thoughts, letting the breeze from the sea I blow upon her, and stir into exquisite [ motion the tendrils of her dark hair and the white muslin of her sown. Her faoe was beautiful, and her blue-grey eyes olear as truth itself. She had & tall figure, moulded to perfection; and the finest complexion imaginable-white aB the petal of ft white rose, but reddening, like the morning, to a noble feeling or a pleasant thought. There was a great bowl of Derby ohina on a little stand before her; it was: fall of freshly gathered red roses; and when she had finished her soliloquy, she Btooped and laid her faoe against their fragrant dewy leaves. "I wonder if yon, too, know what sorrow is!" she whispered to tbem. "Are your heartB aching because yon have been taken from yonr companions ? Perhaps the little roses, and the half-opened buds were your children! Do yon miss them? And the butterflies, and the warm sun! Did the other flowers send you perfumed msBBages when you were on your tree, and will they forget you now? You are only roBes, but you are far more beautifnl than I am. Oh, f you should have a sensitive lite of your own, and be breathing away yonr sweet souls in mournful memories and unavailing ? re grets S" She kissed them-one, and then the other, and thought with a kind of auger of the gardener's sharp shears. "I will tell Kerwin, to let them live oat their few days where tiodset them. I wonder I never saw before the reproachful sadness of flowers, cut off from all they love, and then bound together in a bowl or a vase 1" " Harriet, I want you." " I am here, George." " But I want yon to walk to Castletou with me." "Not this morning-I am expecting a friend." "A friend ! I am your brother, and my claim is first. I think all friends onght to Btep aside for me, especially when I see. you. so seldom. Come, Harry, I have important things to talk of." "Then let us go to the beaoh." " I want to go to Castleton." " George, dear, I would rather not go there this morning." "Then take your own way. To please themselves!-that is all women think of. 'Selfish, aw scandalous selfish,' as Quayle would say." "George, I do not want to go out at all; and if I go to the beaoh, it will be to please you, and not myself." " Very well, Harry; anyway you like to put it. Only do not waste my time. I will give yon ten minuteB toput your bonnet on." But Harriet was a girl of deliberate and exquisitely neat methods; and the Captain's ten minutes was muoh lengthened. He made no special complaint; it was his interest at thiB hour to please his sister; and he began the process, as soon as Quayle had olosed the door behind them. "Whata pretty garden you have made, Harry ! Such noble trees ! Suoh lovely flowers f' "Yes," she said, "they really look as if they eDjoyed themselves here ; I hope they The remark was the only one George thought it necessary to make. Having sacrificed so much to hla sister's prejudices, bis own desires became paramount. He was never inclined to approach them in pleasant or unobtrusive ways; and a kindly diplo macy, when it was " only his sister," seemed J to him a ridiculous piece oi politenesB. "Harry, has mother tola you about the thousand pounds I need ?" " Yes." " Then say something abont it." "You might not like to hear what I have to Bay. A thousand pounds seems to me a large sum of money." "Women are always unreasonable abont money. They simply have no just ideaB on the subject. Mother and yon are living in extravagance-yes, in dreadful extravagance; three menservantB, and three womenservants to wait upon two single women; a pair of ponies for mother's phaeton ; a saddle horse for yourself-everything your hearts can desire; and I am driven out of my wits nearly to make bookie and tongue meet." " Everything our hearts desire" does not Include gambling, racinR, and other sinfal and wasteful methods of throwing money away. And yon must be a heartless son to count up against mother a tbing so necessary to her comfort as her ponies. Besides, what right have you to make any remarks about mother's expenditure? Her money is not yours." " Harriet, keep your temper, and hear me out. How do you know that it is not mine? I suppose our father ia dead. I suppose, from all appearances, that he left money. Being the only son, I suppose my interest fu it would begin when I was of age. Mother has never explained my position to me, and I must say she has acted in a very singular manner, and I have been unoommonly patient -yes, by Jove, unoommonly patient 1 " Why are yon complaining to me now ? If you think so shamefully of mother, go to her with yonr supposed wrongs. I have thought hardly of you many times, George, bnt never so badly as at thiB moment. Your ingratitude is something shocking." "Come now, Harriet, you have no right to prejudge me. You acoept things just as the; are, becanse things are exceedingly comfort able for you ; ana as the lawyers say, ' you have no interestto move the qaeittoo.' Bat put yourself In my place, and the case ia different. Only the dif before I left my oompany I mi introduoed to a fellow, who on hearing my name, Bald at onoe, 'Penning ton ! The Cumberland Penningtons, X sap* pose ?' The question pnt me all oat, I don't even know mjr own family; and In a oraok regiment that ia not a subject where ignorance ia desirable. Yon and mother Bit days and months and years together; hag she never told you anything. " If yon mean has she never told me any thing about oar family, I answer no 1 I never asked her. if yon want me to ask her, I most uy in advanoe that I will not do it. If there is any mystery about us, be eure that her retioence u the greatest kindness. There is always sorrow in any mystery, per haps even sin. We ought to be thankful to have no knowledge of that kind. And I do not believe that there is any' mystery. Mother does not look like a woman' with a seoret She is oheerful, energetio, full of everyday business, and not at all given to brooding or looking behind her. I sever'saw her frightened in my life; she never watohea for letters, and she very seldom writes them. It u all nonsense I You want money from mother, and as you have no shadow of proof that she has done wrong to yon, you would like to excuse yourself upon the likelihood of her having done you a wrong. Saoh a saspioion is in itself an aot of wiokedneas 1" As they spoke they had reaohed the top of the oliff. There was a large flat boulder near by, and they sat down npon it. Harriet was trembling with indignation, bat for 411 that she was under the influence of her brother. His commanding figure, his striking face, his graoefnl andress uniform, his authoritative manner, affeoted her as suoh things naturally affeot women, though if she had been able to analyse her submission to his will she would both have resisted and resented the power that controlled her. " I do not want to sit down, George," she said, "and there is no nee in our prolonging this discussion," but yet she obeyed the magnetism oi his eyes and the tonoh of his hand. It etrnok her as she did so, how irresistible he must be to a woman in love with him; and her thoughts went laden with pity and fear to the little cottage where Bella Cluoas was at that moment dreaming the sweetest and the most unlikely of romances. But though Harriet sat down in obedience to her brother's glanoe and touoh, she endea voured to change the subjeot of conversation. | She pointed out the tremulous, swaying motion of the breeze upon the waves and the two or three solitary crafts skimming them. " The herring fleet ia in harbour," she said. "Those are private boats. The one to the eastward ia Colonel Porter's pleasure skiff. That one lying on the horizon belongs to the Kelly's." " Harriet, never mind the boats 1 I care nothing about them. They may go to the bottom, if the winds and the waveB are agree able, You say that mother at no time told i yon anything about our family!" "Not one word, at any time." " You suppose yourself to have been torn here?" " I remember no other home." " But I do 1 I waB five years old when I came here. I remember a house that in my memory was ten times as large as the one we are living in now. It had staircases as wide as our dining-room-silent, dark staircases, with Boft footed men in a yellowish livery going np and down them. I remember peeping through the balusters once, and seeing an endless room all alight, and filled with ladieB and gentlemen, and hearing wonderfnl mnsio. The house was in a wood or park. I osed to ride abont it, and think it waB all the world, and a very big world, too." "You dreamt the whole story, George. Bella and the peasants, and the fisher men and women, every one of them, tell me some thing similar. They say they have been with the fairies." "You need not try to insult my intelli gence, Harriet. I dreamt nothing that I have told yon. I remember it. As for the fairies " Do not abuse the fairies, George. Every one has seen them on this island. Hal Corkhill told me last Tuesday that they kept him in Ballasalla Glen all Monday night." " The nan was drunk, of course. But it is singular that both you and mother have taken up the same cry." " Have yon spoken to mother about {these remembrances bb you call them ?" " When I was a boy about 9 years old I told her one night, as we were walking in the garden, about that other garden. I de scribed both it and the conservatory, and the long glass-house full of great oldsters of white and purple grapes." "Well?" " She said, as you have jnst said-' George, you have been dreaming!' Her voice was so cold and stern I durst say no more ; and, in deed, she took me into the house and called Curran-you remember Curran-and said 'Curran, I particularly request you to tell MaBter George no more about the fairies. He is beginning to forget where real life ends and fairy-laud begins.'" " Have you never spoken sinoe ?" " When I went to Rugby I spoke again. She listened then more patiently. I re minded her of one dark, windy night, when I went to bed in my olothes and woke up in a carriage. There was no light but the gleaming of the carriage-lamps, aud I was in the arms of a gentleman who spoke kindly to mo and told me to go to sleep again. Mother also Bpoke to me, and I saw you npon her knee. You were a little bibe, aud you cried a great deal. This is my first {re membrance of you, Harriet." "?Well, then ?" " Only, that when I woke next I was in a ship. There, a man with a long beatd carried me about a great deal. I am sure he_was a sailor, but the man who held me in the carriage was a gentleman. I cannot Bay how, being such a little fellow, I could make this distinction, bnt I know that I am correot." *' And you told mother all this ?' "I did. I was fourteen years old then, and not to be chid, and snubbed, and put to bed, but the result came to be abont the Bame thing. She smiled incredulously, and said I must have had a (lingular and forcible dream when I was very young. " Perhaps it is a prophetic one," she added. " You may have seen the home of your manhood: indeed, I hope great things from you, George," and so on, and so on, anything to turn the subject and give it an air of fancy and un substantially." "Suppose all this is true, George, what does it amount to? That the probability is, we were born in an affinenoe whioh has been lost. That loss implies, as I have said, either sorrow or something worse than sorrow. Perhaps the death of our father made us poor. But what would have been poverty in England ii wealth on the island. I think it is very likely mother retired here in order to save enough to give you_your education and commission. She is precisely the woman to moke a.grand saorifice and say nothing about it." "I wonder where the 1 sacrifice' comes in.\ She has always had a beautiful home, and plecty of servants, and all that a woman could dciiie" "Mother is still handsome. When she -came here she mast have been younger than yon are to-day. If there is any truth in yonr dream, she had very likely been born to a high sooial position, la it no saorifice tor a woman of twenty-three to live in absolute seclusion and give up her whole life to her children }" "Mother always seemed to enjoy herself/ Of course women like lovers and admira-i tion, and I daresay she could' have plenty of1 both-the officers from the garrison would tiave liked to come to our house, but I never heard of mother having them, did yon I " I will not sit here and discuss so scanda lous an insinuation." " Then we will return home. I meant no barm, not the slightest disrespect. I assure J'ou; but Harriet, you have a bad habit of ooking for unpleaaant motlveB." She rose as he spoke, and for some momenta they walked on sUeutiy. The salt savour of the sea wind was crossed by a waft of bay fields and meadow-sweet: and Harrietoould not resist the influence. How delightful it Is!" she said. " What ia delightful}" .. . " The air, the sea, the land, the azure above us." " Oh 1 I was thinking of that thousand poundB. Harriet, I must have it. 1 cannot go back to my regiment withont it. If there is no other way then j will seU out. Any how, a beggar like me has no business among {gentlemen. ' , ,' " Son are not a beggar, George. Major de Luny lives in . good style npon half your income-and he has a large family." " Pshaw 1 .There is no reasoning .with women. A statement is all that they oom Crebend. I must have a thousand ponods. "Will yon help me to get it 1 I am yonr only brother, and you act as if you disliked to put a finger out to aid'me in my trouble." " If you are in real trouble I will do all that I possibly can to help yon, George." " I am in real trouble. If I do not get the money I shall be rained and disgraced." " Have you told mother this ? ' Well, yes ; in a measure." " Tell her aa plainly as you tell me." " You might say the words for me. When I epoke about a thousand pounds, she stood up and looked at me so steadily, that I did not know what I was saying or doing, and I blundered into an exouBe which just made everything worse." " What was that ? Surely yon did not dare to question mother about money, or what you call yonr ' rights' ?" ''No. I told her abont a bit of paper between young Penrith and me, and the mo ment I mentioned his name she turned as white as a ghost, and then fell down in a faint. I thought she was dead for a few minutes, and I suffered more than she did, I am sure. It knocked me all up; I was ill for hours, and I conld not bear to go through a scene like it again." "I should think you would not like mother to go through another soene like it." " You know how to manage mother, Har riet. Speak to her; tell her I must have the money. Say you think I ought to have it. Show her how you might economise a little.. You know what to say-anything likely to bring the guineas." " George, if I do this for yon will yon pro mine me not to trouble Bella Clucas 1 I love Bella; I do not want her to suffer for your pleasure. Promise me not to make love to her ; you cannot do so without deeply wrong ing her." "Did I not obey you last night? What you told me to do I did.1' "I spoke in the hurry of the moment, and not very wiBely.l fear,George;for considering your, former intimacy with Bella, it was only natural that you should have reoognised her. And Mrs. Clncas and Buthie will expeot a call; and I wab foolish to put you in a false position. I ought to have allowed you to Bpoak kindly and naturally to Bella last night, and then no importance would have been given to a few words, either here or there. George, promise me not to use your >1)0wer over Bella." " Get me a thousand pounds, and you may dictate to me every word that I am to say in that quarter. Bella iB a dear girl, and a 'handsome girl, and I should enjoy making her desperately in love with me ; but I am not above being bought out if you want a monopoly of Bella's affection." 1 his declaration cloBed the oonvenation. Harriet did not reply to it. She was dazed and pained with the revelations made to her. Once she glanced into her brother's face. She wondered if there might not be on it aome smile or glance which would undo the totally selfish ImpreBBion of his wordB. No! It was handsome, cool, and intelligent; but it waB the face of a man without a heart 