Mr* Carrutliers at Canterbury. THE KEPBESSION: ITS CAUSES AND CUBES. A very enthusiastic and largely-attended meetingof the residents was held at the Canter bury Town Trail on Monday evening to hear a speech by the Hon. J. H. Carruthers, and also to form a branch of the Freetrade and Liberal Association. Among those pre sent were : Aldermen J. C. Stone and J. Quig&\- Dr. Munn, Messrs. James Slocomb, B. Taylor, H. M'Innes, and E. B. Parry. The Mayor of Canterbury (Alderman James M*Bean) presided, and briefly explained the object of the meeting, and introduced the Minister for Public Instruction. The Hon. J. H. Cabrtjthebs said that the ques tion of freetrade versus protection was' too fre quently begged, as it were. Men were constantly saying, ' O, we've had a lot of bad times recently ; ?let us have a change, and see if protection will cause any revival in business.' Well, he was prepared to admit that the present time — and, indeed, the last eighteen months — had been very severely felt throughout the colony. There was, indeed, a depression ; but it was . simple nonsense to attribute it to freetrade. ? Moreover, good times were rapidly coming, and protectionists, who knew that, were' straining every. nerve to get into power, so as to claim the change as a result of their policy. He would trace the causes of the depression, and would show that they were beyond that of a tariff.' Moreover, he would show that the miseries of depression were mitigated by freetrade, and would have been intensified by protection, and he would also show that the cure ~ for depression was in a distinct channel of legislation, far removed from the protection scheme of reform. The great factor sf the de pression' was the severe drought of 1888, which lasted up to March, 1889. It was proved to be the most severe known for fifty years, and its effect was more disastrous owing to the expansion of settlement in the dry and arid regions. The three great industries of the colony were the agricultural, the pastoral, and the mining in dustries. In all of these great distress had occurred simply from the natural scarcity of water, without - which production failed. In agriculture there had been almost a total failure of crops, and the farmers had been com pelled to face a deep and severe calamity. In the wheat crop alone the production fell from 4,695,843 bushels to 1,450,423 bushels, a total loss of about 600,000 in that one item alone. The other crops also failed proportionately, and fully .£1,500,000 was lost to the agriculturists from no other cause than the drought. Again, the pas toralists lost almost the entire season's lambing, and it was estimated that 14,000,000 lambs and breeding sheep succumbed in the dry season. The loss for this item was* fully to the value of .£2,000,000, and added to that other live stock had depreciated in, value to the extent of another million pounds.'' Half the gold mines of the colony had been idle owing to dams and watercourses being dry until recently, and the. mitring industry had been checked severely for over eighteen months. All these things tended to deprive thousands of oua, best pro ducers of their annual returns, and the general community had suffered with them, both by the loss of money — which would have circulated iu trade — and by the increased cost of living and thejincreased price of breadjhorse feed, &c.; Free trade had not caused this disaster; but it had averted much distress by allowing us to purchase without restriction from New Zealand and other countries which had been blessed with a good rainfall. But for this .policy of un restricted trade suffering would have increased, and the price of food would have gone up to famine prices. Another cause of depression, was the cessation of public works. Ten years ago, .and up to a recent date, 10,000 men were engaged in railway construction ; but recently this had come to a standstills and these men were forced to seek private avenues of employment. To a large extent they had succeeded; but still it was hardly to be expected that in a year of depression employment would be so brisk as to absorb 10,000 men sud denly cast adrift on the labor market. Public works were now being set about in earnest again, and the colony would benefit by the open ing up of the country by new railways, by water works, by sewerage works, by harbor works, and by other reproductive public works, while the labor market would be relieved of an undue glut. The1 cause and cure were apparent in this part of the subject to the simplest mind, provided it was impartial. The next cause of distress was in the Dibbs deficit, and the Garvan deficit, which intensified falsely the existing bad state of the public finances. The persistent un patriotic slandering of the public credit of the colony was resulting in frightening capital away, and confidence in New South Wales as a field for investment was sorely shaken, when its own poli ticians took to 'befouling their own nest.' Happily, however, the Hon. W. M'Millan was rapidly overcoming this feeling, and under his splendid financial administra tion the Dibbs deficit was being buried, leaving only its ghost for the restrictionists to make a 'bogey' of. Our public revenues were daily expanding, and for a second time in two years, in the midst of drought and de pression, we were about to have a fair . surplus, proving that we were able to live within bur means, meet our obligations, and have a little to spare. (Cheers). The passing of the Land Bill would promote confidence in . a large field for enterprise and investment, and already money was being spent in improving the Crown lands held under lease. Money would at once be circulated by these means and labor would be largely employed to the bene fit of all who were on this hind. Public and pri vate confidence were rapidly being restored, and the' year 1890 would see the last of the ' bogey ' of mistrust so mischievously created by the protec tionists to secure their recall to power. Another cause ot depression had besn the miners' strike at the northern collieries. He would not enter into the merits or demerits of the questions involved in that strike, but he knew that capital and labor engaged in the working of the mines had all lost largely, and much misery had resulted to many thousands, who could ill afford to have their sufferings added to by pro longed want of employment. Moreover, the coal trade at the port of Newcastle had been somewhat cheated through foreign buyers becoming affrighted at the unfortunate event of last year, He sincerely hoped that Mr. Curley, M.P. — (con- tinuous cheering) — would signalise his Parlia mentary career by bringing about legislation that would tend to avert all strikes and locks-out by the intervention of the principles of arbitra tion and conciliation. -, That was the safe cure for this ever-present danger of depression. A last great cause was the over speculation in hind and in mining indulged in by all per sons during recent land-booms and mining manias. After excitement came reaction, and the reaction meant in many cases complete ruin, and almost in all cases financial embarrassment. Nearly all the city people who were discontented and in financial difficulties could', not but admit that they had foolishly looked up their monies in land or unproductive ventures in mining, &c.; ' We were going through the fire as it were, but thank goodness the worst had passed and good times were almost at hand. The causes of the depression were clear to any ^nirid, and no one could see protection a cure for them. ' Fancy fern Tig wheat, bats, and barley as a cure for droughts ; fancy taxing food and clothing as a means to find employment for the navvies and miners in distress — (laughter) — and what land speculator could be so foolish as to imagine that protection, which meant increasing the cost of living, -would allow people more money to purchase land ? Protection could not save the nocks to the pastoralists, but it could raise the price of fencing wire, of station requisites, and of all that the pastoralist used. (Applause). It could make him feel bad seasons more severely than ever, but it never could avert them. .What . farmers, squatters, and miners chiefly required wasaschemeof water- conservation which would enable . them to overcome the dry seasons by storing1 up the bounteous rain of good periods ; better railway and road communication, more facilities to and from natural markets— these were the remedies for the trouble that pur sued the great producers of this laud. Good, useful; - and - practical legislation, such as the Land Act now passed, the Local Go vernment Bill next to be passed, and a liberal mining law— these were the great and crying necessities of the times, and he could assure bis hearers that the two latter were coming in downright earnest -with the Ministry. We were now iu the midst of a splendid season, but so far the results of it were not yet to hand. No benefit could be felt till the wool clip could be sold and the crops were harvested. At present we still felt the dire effect of the drought; but by February next fully £15,000,000 would be realised from the wool clip and the agricultural produce, and there would be that amount of money in circulation to bring about good times. He regarded depressions in national life as doing a good work — in improving the stamina of our industries and in purifying and strengthening the sources of natural wealth. Altogether, the signs of the times showed the silver lining to the cloud % and bad as times had been, it was mar vellous to see how the colony had gone through the ordeal. We had in 1888 and 1889, increased in population at a rate far exceeding other colonies. New Zealand and South Austra lia were losing population. Yet we, with all the bad times, passed even the ' Protectionist's Paradise' of Victoria, and to-day stood the mother colony of the Australias, first in popula tion and first in wealth. (Cheers.) He counselled them all to hold fast to the bright and glorious principles of freedom which in prosperity was a beacon of enlightened advancement, and in adversity relieved the burdens which unkind seasons and unlooked-for misfortunes dealt out to all lands. To call for -a change of policy in the midst of trying times was a risky expedient, and reminded him of Lincoln's advice, ' Never swop horses whilst crossing the stream.' The best advice was that given by the old Boman poet, Horace, who sang ' What tho' thy day be over cast, the dark appearance will' not last. Expect a brighter sky.' And a brighter sky was in store for them ; and he ventured to predict that the year 1890 would see . a return of full pros perity, and before its advancing form the creature protection would vanish into its merited tomb of oblivion. (Cheers.) I 