A Headless Ghost, An English Farmer's Cruel Revenge on His False Lady Love. About thirty miles south of London, in one of tho prettiest parts of England, in a village called Shalford. Adjoining it is a largo common, or public pasture. Thero are a tew houses fronting on it, prominent among v/hioh thero was, about twenty yearp ago, a rather Bingulas-looking ftdifieo, known to the village folk an the " Blaok Houao." Tho name was apparently ill-choson, for the hricka v/evo white and the tileti ft bright red. But there waa a good reason for the name, aa any local gossipor haa pleased to explain, The houae had been built hy a farrnor named Somora for tho reoeption of a young lady of good position who was shortly to become his bride, The wedding day had been fixed. But a few flaya before the ona flzed for the wedding day the bride disappeared, and a few honra after her departure a farm hand in the employ of Someivj waa also sought for and. found not, Rumor oouplad the two names, and thedis appointed bridegroom started off iq hoi haste in pursuit. For several months the house remained untenanted, but one night lightu wore observed in tho windows. The next day thera was much speculation nsto whether,8omera hod returned or "whether he had rented. But there was no signs of life during the nest nor tho succeeding d&y;, nnd finally it was thought advisable to force an entry, AooordiriGty tho laoftl blacksmith and Homem' farm bailiff broha open tho front door, The houeo wbs found exactly aa left by Sornora when ho started out on bia tour of rovongo, nor was there any explanation to ba dfetooted of tho lights seen at night. That eveninK the windows were p.p∈ bright, and lor eevcral Hucoesaiva nighta tho phenomenon waa repeated, Finally a com mittee of throe waa appointed to inveatigate, Tho rnemberfl o! tho committee wore tho blacksmith, tha pariah cleric, and an old okeptio who believed in no ono but iiimself. After eating a hearty supper at the village inn tho trio rat out on their tank, Tho olerit wao very nervous, the blaolssmith defiant and tho akoptlo sarcastic. The door wan forood open and the men proceeded to investigate, They made a tour of all tho rooms, but dia ooverea nothing. The olerlc bsoame ma nured, tho blacksmith aiohod for Bomeono or fiomothiog to fight, and tho akeptio threw in an " I told you there \va3 nothing " every two or three minutee. But shortly before midnight tho light of the lanterns carried by the intrepid investi gators waa supplemented by a bright illumi nation which eeemed to have no natural source. Tho clerk looked at the blacksmith, and even the skeptic felt himself at fault, Suddenly the first named sprang to hiu feet and rushed headlong out into tho psAOBBgo, along it to tho front door, and thvough it on to tha open pasture. Tho blaokamith and tho skeptic turnod and decided to follow hio load aa best they could. For, standing in tho far corner was a figure BO weird that not even the skeptic oould control his fenra. It wao the figure oi a young woman, absolutely headloRfl, and envolped in a ehroud ot eur paeaing brilliancy. From this unnatural olothing tho mysterious light peomed to omeige. Tha two men got a,way aafely and corroborated the parieh clerk's description of tho ecene. The story waa not generally credited, but again and again wna tha house rented, only to bo vacated by eneh succeeding tenant niter ono day's occupation. Neither Somera nor his false lady lovo ever reap pearod ftS Shalfprd, and when your corres pondent last saw it the black house was etill unoocupicd and was gradually falling into xuina. 