THE-3SEWi,TEEASUBE HUNT. _. (j *!? f. * ~ ' £ ''J-Tg-J w;. &r;*'- ? ;n- «*'? jStJpQt.SQ -mi Trio jfc too p&rticularlvl; a tiny island, lying amidst -'the- foam of jperiloos seas,!' uninhabited save by sea birds and crabs, a tfefiisanci miles or Bo-from anywhere: ! .auu wie wjj ecx or 'xne ? expeaiaon is to searcn for a vast treasure of -gold and jewels, .which ?£'? bejie^ed .to have been buried on tho island -' 'more' 'than seventy years ago. An . comprise so romantic, sending us right back, into the .'days when, the trade routes of the aea— irere' marked out by the blood which tie -piiateahad^pilled on them, seems de%htfilly wit -0f keeping- with image in which the Stock Exchange or ? the Bourse is the chief theaij»-of_thc treasure hunter's, operations, Ibr this is pisates' frold that is buried in -this desolate ocean isle, and tbe expedition -that is to sail in a few weeks' time .will be a iseal treasure Jinnt. There is a history attached to it already, and it is rathei curious. , . ... Jjet-ns begin with -the pirates, by whom the treasure was buried. To put one's money by and make it breed, which fiimnrial people, doing a more or less legitimate business in stocks and such things, consider a prudent policy, seems, ou the whole, to hare been one* of the most imprudent policies when the business was piracy.' : 'Wise ? pirates, when, thev had taken a goodly -raize, _J ? '' ? 1A. jj. '£?' iT_ ?' ? ' *? r ' . . '? nu wuji ii- bu tnc Tiearess Baie porx, ana made themselves unrecognisably drunk on the proceeds. Unlimited ram, and an occa sional Blabbing- 'bout, to keep their hands in against die ^day!. -when business would bo resumed, -made the pirates as happy as they wished to be; snd when they iad spent their booty, and' recovered from the delirium tremem, they went on hoard again, ran up the ' Jolly Boger,' and waited for another prize. The foolish pirates were those who went and hid their stolen talents in the earth, for so surely as they did tins, the next vessel they chanced upon was a man-of-war, which carried them home to be hanged, a dozen ina tow. Seep sunk in many a desert isle, in many ah ocean, there must be millions of pieces of eight, moidores, and doubloons, and jewels snd precious stones galore, which tbe gentlemen of fortune who hid them there, and who have long since rotted in chains at harbour mouths, were never able togobackior. Hence the treasure hunts of days more enterprising ; but somehow the UuRBUieB were not unearthed. The island was found, or th» spot on the »i«ml«»iJ but the chart was not quite correct, or not quite -correctly interpreted; or provisions ran short before tie booty could be dug- up; or a storm prevented the boats from landing; or the crew mutinied; or the treasure - seekers quarrelled and slew each other — the spoil was never taken.. The.crewwhoiaid.away the loot that the: nsw expedition is to search for seem to have been in all respects a typical gang of sea robbers. They ran out from Southampton about seventy years ago, in a smart schooner, excellently bnilt tor speed. There were Englishmen, Italians, Greeks, and a Turk— ' hot boys, allr on 'em*'— ^and &b; skipper went by the name of Old Hellfire. Their ostensible business -was palm oil and ivory, but it does not appear that either of those commodities was ever taken on board. They shipped a batch or two of shaves, and laid, the schooner away across tbe 'Western Ocean. Fever broke out amongst the blacks, die captain dosed them -witii innflftTiTun, and the crew dropped them overboard. When in liquor Captain Hellfire used to take potshots at . his men with a pistol, ana, as ms aim was rainy gooa, ne succeeded at last in peppering them into a state of high mutiny. They rose against him one night, and two of the Greeks held him whils one of tie 'RnorliBTi struck hini through the back with a steel marlinspike. He was bundled into the sea; the mate was sent over the side after him ; the skipper's murderer was voted captain in Tiic place, and the 'Jolly Boger' replaced the P-Tiglich colours. at 1iie mastlie&d.; TfrnTiTrni^r south, they caught a Portuguese vessel, boarded her, drowned t£ie crew, and emptied the ship of her rich contents. There was a Jew dealer amongst the passengers, whose baggage con sisted ?chiefly of diamonds and rubies, bo that prize must have been worth the taking. Butthese pirates were foolish. They sailed -wiitb. their treasure to an '--uninhabited island known to the captain, and there they buried it. Their luck, however^ -n-as not ' yet exhausted ; they took other vessels, East Jndiamen and some smaller game, killing all crews and passengers, and always carrying the best of the plunder to their hiding-place ou die isle. It-was an apt .spot to receive such blood- stained booty ; an utterly deso: late and wholly forbidding island, unap-L proachahle, except with the skiif idlest, management of boats; a lonely place, shaken' and torn by volcanic upheavals, scarcely yielding shelter and water, and void of food for man. An ideal smuggeryj however, for pirates' plunder, and this cut-throat crew made a line treasure island of it, if such there ever .were. But it was a fatuous business, this heaping up of Dullion and jewels, for the fates were always dead against such conduct on the part of gentlemen x-f fortune. More knowing hands would have run for the States, realised the swag, got fresh papers, sailed home innocently, divided up, and lived gal lantly on the shares. The spoil of the Portu guese sloop would have made gentlemen of them ' all. Some of the gang thought as much, but the skipper, whose cognomen was Ijps, was always for getting a trifle more, and he always had his way. And bo it came about that one fair morning they sailed out to tackle an East Indiaman, and were tackled themselves. It -was not' often that the £ast Jndiamen of those days showed their teeth when the crossbones overhauled them, in general they -were wretchedly armed with a brass 6wivel' (never in working order), and a few cast-iron nine pounders, all hampered up, and scarcely more serviceable than the modern British bayonet. Yet these East Indiamen had their holds stored with indigo and silks, and great con signments of jewels and gold for the dealers in London, Paris, Lisbon, the Papal States, and all other European markets. ~ For once, however, here was an East Indiaman well armed and pluckSy manned. She faced the robbers, ran out her guns, and gave them a brisk good-day ; shot away their rodder, splintered their masts, and brought the rigging about their ears. Then she boarded, put the shackles on the twenty pirates v.-hc hzi survived the engage ment, which took them off and lowered them into her own hold, where they had time to prepare their speeches for their last public appearance in Execution Dock. Nineteen of the twenty swung together oh tiie Island of Cuba. . The twentieth contrived to get his neck clear, and in due time made his way home to England. He was alive a few years ago, in the North Countzy, and may be alive to-day. At any rate, he lived long enough to tell his tale, and to -tell it with gusto. He was then close upon his ninetieth year, and his chief regret -was tiiat he bod never got money enough together to sail in a ship of his own to tne treasure island where the jewels lay hidden. He had made careful working charts of the navigable side of the island, and marked down the position of the treasure, with good cross-bearings. But he could never raise sufficient money to pro vision so much as a fishing smack, and worked on in merchant vessels until his strength failed. In this condition he handed over to a friend his chart, gross-bearings, and drawings ; and tile first chapter of the romance closes here. History and fiction both seem to show that the chances are always against the treasurn seekers, and success is assuredly far from being a oertainty in the present instance. Who, for instance, can say positively that the treasure has not been already removed? That is, however, an unlikely assumption, since there is no reason to oelieve that, after the nineteen pirates were hanged, their secret was known to anyone ex cept the twentieth who survived, and he appears to have kept it jealously bo long as the ghost of a dance remained to -i''i of turning it to bis own account. An assump tion more plausible would be, that by tiie operation of natural. forces the treasure has ere this been placed beyond the reach of man.' The pumieestone and scoria on the mountain ous volcanic rock slips steadily, and the drop pings of seventy years (to mention no other possible forces) must have raised a big and solid tumulus above the sunken hull. But this is in all likelihood the chief danger to be anticipated, as it will furnish the chief laTraur to be undergone ; and with the exact bearings of the deposit in the commander's possession it should be no impossible task to reach the -wreck. ________^_ ' TV31 you marry me, Bridget f' a widower of oyear asked his cook. 'How many, after noons a week out kinl have, eorr f' she asked in i'eply. ??;.,.., -^vf /:_ ?-.- ,-.-' :...?.-- ''?? 