. MBBTINOS. sp. 700I00ICL MJCIPTY M fattorini_, -r -- -- . Äoili, tVilhsm Beaumont, »ndW H Cb tie«, secretary J'ho society's bankers passbook" was produced, und showea o dehit balance of £1724 10s Cd ThesecretArv reported thatthercctipts from thegatesforthefonr weeks ending iûi July amounted to £167 0» from the ele- phants to ia 18. Cd , and from tho donkey and pony to £1 6i Cd , mokmgatotal of £1G6 1(3» 9d The gate money represented tho admission of 6S24 visitors to the gardens- 401J being adults and 2CO? children Tho Donors end Donation» since lost Monthly Meeting - >mho beor, presented t)j Mrs White burry Hills two magpies, presented hy T M'Cunn, hUttxzosg. Ungarco rat, prevnted by 1 D Chatcr, Sjdnoy, bear presented bv li Mann Colo Volo young -' .ireseuted bv A J Knngnt, Woollahra, icuted by L Endicott, Waterloo tiger presented by i Walsh, Bunnerong Tbo superintendent ropo r ted that tho health and con- dition of ti o animais was vcrv «inafactorv Mr Richard Wynno waa elected a lifo mombcr of tho /ocietj A letter ivns received from the Wator and Soworogo Hoard in roplv to a letter ti ont by tho council requesting that tho water might bo supplied to tbo soeiot) free as it mm on educational institution 1 ho board m their letter stated that they had no power to grant tho council's request for « supply of wntcr free of cost thattho Public schools had to pt} and that public hotcitals nnd cbaritabln institu- tions were iho only exceptions. It was revived that tha secretary and Mr A M ooro should take the matter in hand. A letter wax received from Mr Marne, of the Briib ino Botanic Gardens, asking for some ornamental waterfowl, mandarin ducks cspeciall), in o-a han go for Iho secretary was directed to rtpl> that they liad no mandoin ducks to span. A request from Mr M Gowen, of tho pub]io resents of Tasmania for a silver pheasant hen, vas refused on the same ground A letter wau received from the fajd nov Municipal Council stating that at a meeting held on Juli 2, Alderuio" "'- J ' "'---'-*--» allow of the asphalt walk bet* Alderman J I) \oung gate notice to rescind the m After sotuo discussion, in which tho action io City Council was adversely commented the resolution of the City Council, ; if the gardens anil o and destrot their beauty becroUry nip tho Mi incil, will . _.. rhomoiioi Ghost and aarnedu 