In Normandy. j Peasant Homes and a Haunted Chateau. f Why is it, I wonder tfcat oue class of humanity is_ always asking itself what the other claEE is doing, how it lives, and what its customs are ? It eras 110 doubt a curiosity of this kind that prompted us, the other morning, to drive into the country to visit some of the peasants' hotneB that He hidden among the hills, back of Honlgate. True, we had no invitation to these places; we did not even tnow the iarm-ownere by name. Alter all " aristocrats " have very bad manners compared to the poor laboring sis as. This struck me most forcibly the jtber day, and I felt really ashamed of myself and friends as we boldly entered the gateway to the first farm. It would have served ns right had we been rudely treated and asked to vacate the premises. As we approached the low, thatched- roof building, with the grape-vines covering a wide verandah,, the horse- chestnuts spreading their refreshing shade far over the honee, a more perfect picture of comfort could not easily be imagined. Hearing the sound of carriages, three women made their appearance at the door, and seeing we were du grand monde," as they eay hereabouts, three low conrteBys were dropped and a most cordial welcome extended ns, much to my relief and surprise. They were evidently flattered by our visit, and far from offended, as I had expected. They wore the regulation peasants' costume—short skirt, white blouse, waists with sleeves rolled up above ihe elbow, long aprons, neat caps, and wooden sabots. One of the young men rang a huge bell at the side of the house, whereupon a stable-boy came and led our horses > cfi, and the father and brother of the family ' assisted us to alight and led as on to the ' porch, where they requested as to rest Bwbils una a light refreshment should be prepared. In a short space of time a long table was brought out and Bet before ns, Epread with a snowy homespun doth and laid with quaint old blue china-ware and glass. PotB of golden honey, jugs of cream, loaves of black bread, pats of yellow butter, cakes, cream cheese, so celebrated throughout Normandy, sold meats, and a pitoher of cider, made up the feast. Every member of the family waited upon n e - a "d treated us as ii we were old and valued friends, but none of them eat at table with us. We did full justioe to this homely fare, after which the interior of the house was shown ub, and peeps into huge linenpresses voncbsafed us,where piles of bleached and unbleached cloth lay ready as part of ibe " dot "Jff^go with the first child leaving thfi home Best. The floors in the house were all scrubbed to marvellous whiteness nnd then strewn with" a line white sand ; in some of theTooms the sand was laid on the floor to imitate mosaic designs, but the tread of many feet soon obliterated the pretty The old homestead was most comfortable in every respect, and the old-fashioned furniture in it wonld have made a collector weep with envy. Large carved oak armoires. spinning-wheels, high-backed chairs, four-1 post bedsteads, and quaint tables that would j have brought their weight in precious metal I at some fashionable auction in the capital, j were thought nothing of by these people, ex- j cept as ancestral souvenir keepsakes. Great { quantities ol shell-work adorned the walls, j and even made np the principal bric-a-brac i upon the tables and etageres. The fireplaces were all those great, generous ones that take in all the family and do not leave any one oat in the cold, as some of our modem grates are apt to do. As we expressed oar appreciation of the comfortable surroundings, the faces of both men and vomea fairly beamed with gratified pride. The daily, stables, ponltry yard and pigs were next shown ns, and from the cool, airy milk-room to the ety in the back yard, was one perfect delight of cleanliness, prosperity and plenty. These people are never idle, and for that reason happy : they are content with what they have, do not envy any one and live lives of peace and good-will to all men. Each face beats marks of the sonny nature within and our visit to La Breteche, as this farm is called, pat better thoughts into our minds ' ot J»ys to eome. The dayjfollowing oar country visit was a Brand fete-day for Honlgate. Usees, a conceit, and a ball at the oaBino were to be the Brest features of. the occasion, and about ^o o'clock we were all assembled on the beach to witneBB the raoes. A. strange place for races you will, np doubt, rightly remark, bat these were not to he ordinary ones at all, In fact the noble coursers «oe not to be two-thirty roadsters in the least but two-footed creatures of our own species' and little, long-eared donkeys. The beaehiay white, smooth and bard, with •lie tide latent. In the judges' stand were a gay party „j women of fashion, and wellknown about Parisian clubs. By the expression o! interest on all faces, one wonld have fanciedthjt a fortune "was at stake, hnt^n the donk^races, a leather medal and riding whip for the races to follow. . _ ,, First came-the men's raoe m bag^ the —l - - - * 1 1 ever. witnessed. isach taan wais^nne np In a large jgrain-BflOK npto his walBVand wheh ^ .fflgnal waB about thirty of these ridiculous figures started w^L hop, skip running I^i5ueston,rand most of went on aU fours. inbrt^^^TOiOT^eemed to ondeiytana After iLe outdoor sports we adjourned to she concert-hall and listened to a very good amateur concert, the proceeds of whioh went 1 tothe poor of the village. The ball in the evening was a most brilliant affair—In (act one.might easily have believed one's self in some salon of the capital had it not been that the ladies were not decollete and very few jewels were worn. The surroundings were most beautiful, the ballroom represented a tropical garden,hung with colored lanterns. I found here a great relaxation from the jisusl rigid ball-room etiquette of Ptfris. Young ladies danced more, I t and it was not thought out of plaoe to allow the eame name to appear even three times on one's dancing card. At supper-time the chaperon did not select her charge's escort, hut left it to h;r own wise discrimination, only sitting at the same table in order not to throw ofi all vigilance. Early hours are respected here, for, wonderful to relate, the French ladies rise at a moBt reasonable hour, and are often seen at nine o'clock in the morning dressed for the day— no, I should not say for the day, as two, three, and even four changes of toilet are made, and the thought of .one dress for the whole day would absolutely scandalise these fashionables. An encrgetie little Frenchwoman, and quite tbe leader of fashion here this season, Mme. f de Bsaulien, has started a most delightful ~ club for ladieE to help pass the hour. It is called by the queer title of " Nous Besistons" (we zeBist), and it is devoted solely to sword and pistol practice. We have a notable teacher from the metropolis, who devotes two hours twice a week to our meetings. Our club-room is a large tent, erected on the beaoh, and divided ofi into the fencing-room and fiie target-range. We wear a simple, pretty coBtume of blue flannel, made with Turkish trousers, short skirts, and blouse waists. The style of dress leaves all one's movements perefctly free, and enables us to cultivate great ease and grace of posture. The exercise is most delightful, and we thank Mme. de Beaulieu duly for her brilliant idea. Some one is always planning a new amusement or pastime here, and each day brings forth some original ideas to add to the enjoyment of our already thoroughly butterfly existence. Not long ago a courageous party of city visitors made the bold proposition that we should start some evening af er dark, and drive to an abandoned and ruined castle whioh lies eight miles from Honlgate and is supposed to be haunted. We were to take our supper with us, and have a moonlight picnic among the ruins and wait till the mystic hour of swelve o'clook, when the ghoBts are exp e e<l to walk, before returning homeward. This plan met our views most favorably, and about< ight o'clook, one evening last week, the large coach and several small carriages started from the villa and from some of the houses adjoining ours. The moon was just beginning to show itself over the top of a high hill in the distanoe, the night was soft and balmy, and we were all in the best of spirits, hoping even to meet the restless spirit of the old chateau, and making. wagers as to who would dare go along into the darkest corner of the ruin. The drive was only too soon accomplished, and we clattered into the court-yard of the Norman castle just an hour after we left home. Buins are generally picturesque, but somehow this one threw & greater chirm over as all, with its pillars and arches touched to silver by the moonbeams, than we fca 1 expected. One tower of the chateau stood almost complete. Time had only oovered parts of it with moss and vines, that clambered into every casement and barred every doorway, but round abont lay heaps of stones and masonry, broken oolamns and shattered arches, that told a tale of the years that .must have passed over this once magnificent dwelling. We spoke in lowered tones, and we walked with hushed tread through the crumbling walls. The bravest of ns felt that it would be ont of plaoe to laugh here; none of ns felt like doubting that some spirit did haunt the old tower, and I am certain had a band of whiterobed figures appeared ont of the ruins and begun to danoe a ghastly, old-time reel, none of us would have been in the least surprised. Some one whispered, " L t us move on to some place that is not ghost-like,'' and we wandered on to an open space of ground that the kindly moon lit np most beautifully. 'Here We all eat down on shawls and rags.. After a short pause, every one began talking at once, as if : feeling the necessity of rousing each other from the enchanter's spell which had fallen upon ns. " Don't think any one will go back to that plaoe at twelve o'clock," a timid voice spots out from our circle, and the remark 'was,answered with a hearty laugh and frank.confessions that the.ruins and the ghosts could have it all tb themselves at that hour-for all w& cared; and to efiectuaUy'chase away any sombre thoughts that might still be lurking in "our minds, we turned our thoughts supperwards. To alter ! the genertS -routine -ct French picnics, instead of 3 Slaving brought everything cooked and pRpared, J thd ^entlemen bad volnnteered before leaving hbme to cook all that we wbnld require. ~' Alargefire was Boon Started, and every one eet to work the BeWrotsio Wsist here, ^ere/and ieveiyi where. -ItXraS'greaite^rf, thSa'cocilrihg-out ft doors at^riight. witb the inoon aboVe ns like a great central ahandelier,' andrthe carriage-lamps abont like so manyiiie-flies at fa fairy feast. : Aiid euch .a eupperwe eat down to 1 No winder Frenohmeaiareeuch gourmets if they oiah aU^master -the pulinuy.art Bsperfectly as o urfri ends ^lid the othereven- 5iig.- 0hiokfin' a la B6rddeus> vah a la treok, potatoes <z ta Richelieu, - Bndoyeters ; en iogullles wereonly-afewtof the-things that made np a most8umptaousmfinn. r- ^L" s;> -; Someone shad Ihrongh't agoit&r;, someone else ablate, andanother avwlin.Mdpfter Jwehad finjoyedour*epast,,tlie tjmnraqiang of ihe -nnggiset^d^an iimpEomptOr cbmoe. ^attaerawereliaetBy/epgBgeg, to -etroke Jbf twdm me j^nced ojn jfce ^rnoqth :ininsike|3ied' 