How the 'litjr.r Hitts and Eats. In a paper read before the Bombay Natural History Society recently, and pub lished in its journal, Mr. Invcrarity, a noted shikari, discussed the habits of the tiger, and especially the mode in which it kills and cats its prey. Some think lie seizes by the throat others by the nape of the .neck from above. Mr. Inveratity has examinsd, scores of slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. The exception was nn old boar who had been seized by the back of the neck from above. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the nape of the neck by a man cater, but saved by his companions, had no idea when he recovered bis senses what hail happened. Whether dislocation of the neck, takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without break ing the skin ; possibly the tiger kills in the same way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigcr3 in killing sever nn important vein or artery', and no blood to speak. of flows from the throat'wounds. Very la’ge and powerful animals like ihe bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, me in the first instanco attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Homit mes he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are; sometimes he will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. A tig»r and a tigress together will finish an ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only the head. In this case it is probable that the second begins at the fore quarter. Animnls are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They are not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. • HaviDg gorgedhimself,the tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weathet and there are hills in the neighbourhood, ha will go a long distance off before resting for the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the hill side than in the close hot jungle. lie returns next night and finishes what is left, but’he never cats a second time on the same spot, dragging the remains of the prey 40 or iJO yards off. Sportsmen coming on a half-devoured animal and desiring to catch the tiger, tie the piey to a tree. The tiger takes about two hours’steady eating to finish the fore quarters of n bullock. Mr. Invcrarity sat over a small tigress cne night who ate for ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter hours. He did not fire, as ho could not see Tigers are cannibals ; they will make their meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once in five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed docs net care to hunt much for a few days ; but a tiger kills whenever lie can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights. jj£Mr. Invcrarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of a few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dreaminess iu which there is no seuse of pain or feeling of terror. The powerful stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is a fiction ; he clutches with his claws a3 one might with the fingers, but docs net strike a Tigers wander immense distances et night, and, as they like easy going, they goon rondi and paths. They do not like to move dur ing the haet of the day, as the hot ground burns their pads and makes them raw, They can on occasion climb trees. In Salsctte one climbed after a certain Pundoo, but could not roach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran toward home, bnt on the way was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pandor died of the tiger eating him ; there was nc other cause of death. Nothing was left except some fingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand.” Native* have a belief that the ghosts of the man eater’s victims ride in his head and warn him of danger, or point the way to fresh victims. 