AN ARCADIAN TALE. Two years of sun, rain and wind and bad weather had passed over the countless water. courses and vast prairies since LoydRegal left the singularly lonely valley of the Tiche, and now, after the lapse of that time, na. he again rode away from New Iberia across the far-reaching prairie, he remembered those days, as one vaguely tries to recall an almost forgotten dream, and he thought of gay, blithesome Josephine Felician, and casually wondered if she were happy. It was early in the morning, and the sun shone over the interminable green prairies stretching far away to the misty horizon like the shimmering waves of an endless emerald sea. Chain-like processions of clouds now and then darkened the sun and threw deep purple shadows over the sluggish bayou, which glittered like a silver thread here and there through waving willows and hoary, mistletoe-crowned live oaks, moss-mantled and hoary with years. In the distance herds of cattle grazed, and the passing wind brought intoxicating odours of jasmine, roses and magnolias. Everywhere there was the abundant life and colour of ex travagant nature. Regal drew his mule to a standstill where the aninmal's feet sank up to the fetlocks in a perfect labyrinth of grasses and flowers. HIe was a man of some thirty years, dressed in well-made, fashionable garments. His features were finely cut and expressioned with the impress of his careless, amorous nature. From somewhere in the distance he heard the hoarse call of a bittern-the only sound in the absolutely Wilent land. He scanneddhe plains of waving green grass with a swift penetrating glance, and then rode on with increased speed. "Yes," he murmured to himself, "they said the second house. I have already passed one." SAfter travelling several bonrs longer he ap preached a low, unpainted cabin with over hanging eaves, concealed by masses of grapo vines and yellow roses which entirely covered the black, curled shingles, and clung lovingly around the begrimed ohimneys like dependent children about their mother's neck. Regal dismounted. There was no fence, so he tied his mule to one of the china trees which grew on the banks of a miniature circularltake in front of the house. Before he had time to asceid the steps a stalwart man stood in the open doorway. He was about Regal's age, dressed in a nankeen cotton shirt of a yellowish colour and cottonade trousers, and had a pathetic, watchful expres sion on his sunburned face. He slightly nodded to Regal, and smiled as if to an old acquaint "Are yen. Joseph Dubois?" inquired the latter, in broken Arcadian French, before ac cepting the proffered chair under the vine Scovered verandah. S"Yes, m'siee," eagerly answered the man, Sin the peculiar Arcadian patois. " And do you come to see my landl " Regal assented. The Arcadian explained that he could not rguide him over the land that day, owing to some small matter which required immediate Sattention, but promised to attend to it the , next morning, inviting Regal in the meantime to make himself at home. Later on he went away and left Regal smoking on the verandah. SJoseph had not en long gone when a low laugh of delight, cane to Regal-the laugh of a Sveg young child, $e looked behind him, still smoking indifferently, and saw coming out of Sthe house a tiny creatare between one and a a half and two years old. Her eyes were smiling a and her hair flying over her shoulders in buer I nished brown ringlets, while she lightly held a r gorgeous coloured butterfly in her chubby Sfingers. She was entirely naked-only a scarlet scarf was twisted about her pretty neck and Swhite limbs. " Josephine ! Josephine l" called the mother's voice from the interior of the cabin. At that sound Regal started from his seat, and a surge of crimson suffused his throat and a face. Before he had time to think the mother I of the child, in pursuit of her offspring, stood a near him. She was not more than a girl her. self in years, straight as a reed, withmagnificent Swaveless black hair, liquid dark-fringed eyes, I and a rarely perfect figure. a When she saw Regal she uttered a gasp of Sdismay, and tottered against the pillar of the Sporch. "You-you!" she murmured in the t native tongue. " Why did you come 1" Itegal's discomposure equalled hers, but he knew hbetter Low to conceal it. He had not ex. a pected to see her. Someone in New- Iheria had said she was married and gone to Vermillionvillo Sto live, and he had thought it well, and no dis 1 missed the subject from his mind. "Well, Josephine," he said at length, with a f good-natured smile on his lips, "and so you Sare married." t The girl did not reply, nalthough theroe had a not been a day for two years but she had thought t of this man, and longed to see him. "Is Joseph Dubois your hushand 1" he in. Squired, apparently not noticing her confusion, Sbut in reality rebuked by her colourless face. 1 Countless memories thronged on him-of sum, a mer nights, and the love he had talked to this Sdark-cyed Arcadian, and of the love she had Sgiven him-a passion that had sacrificed all and r never comphlained-and for such a debt he had I1 paid her with-what I Neglect, silence, and 1 oblivion. "And this little child, is it yours, Jose phine 1" he continued. A cry of intolerable suffering broke from her, I "Yes," she said, "she is mine, mine-and= yours. Oh, why did Sou leave.mo then I Yod should have stayed by me though that bilter trial! " she wailed, and thoou doppcd suddenly as the blood crimsoned her face. She had spoken in the impulse of the old love she had ever yielded him, and intending to up braid. Regalshudderedasle ohearddher, aed hastened I to repair what seemed like a claim on him for C that past foolish affair. "I will make all reparation in my power," a hlie continued, and would have said more but at f that moment Joseph Dubois came round the t corner of the house. SJosephine gathered her child up in her arms, r and, without glancing at either man, went in and closed the door. S"I have found, m'sicu, that I can go to-day, . after all," said Dubois with downcast eyes. "The , water is high ; thus we can make good headway E and get hback by sundown." Regal received this news with delight.. He . longed to leave tihe place w-here every word ut E tered reminded him of his own baseness. Whilo he stayed he knew remorse and repentance swould hbe wit .hLim, so w-ith one covert glance at the closed hous e he followed Dubois a short distance across the pathless prairie to the bayou. tThe tall grass was knee- deep with saffron-tinted flowers, and a flock of rice birds rose from the edge of the stream as Dubois pushed his pirogue from the reeds into thle water and motioned Regal to seat himself, while he stepped in and without a word took up the oars and began to row rapidly up stream. Regal mnde several ef forts at conversation, but receiving only mono syllabic replies he relapsed into silence, watch ing the weird scenery on the hanks as he rapidly floated by. The air was balmy and heavy with the perfume of innumerable flowers, hut pro foondly melancholy with the awful silence that hovered over all the splendid, ancient land. On Dubois pushed his pirogue through the tangled mass of white and yellow lilies in the wide stretches of the bayou, where gigantic Ile oaks waved along the hanks, dropping their mossy veils to the very water and moving their branches like the dripping, spectral anus of ghosts heckoning toward an unseen land;'on through sombre lagoons, where the water was so high they were obliged to droop their heads to avoid the rank vines which hung frome tho trees in fantastic festoons; on over the flooded swamp, the lair of uniomaginable horrors, where moccasins lay coiled on reeds and deadly rattlesnakes corled on low hanging branchles, a twisting, writhing, voiceless mass of living venom, just discernible in the tw-ilight gloom of the sohbre cypress forest by the glitter of their eyes. On through the chilly atmosphere and malarious fog, and then out of that jungle of horrible growths into a small lake fairly alive with voracious alligators and other loathsome things. Duhbis ran his piroeuooe-pto n'small islss - -rdr, dwih tiny blue star-faccd' hiss soms. "Get out a moment, m'sieo," he said calmly to Regal. "There is something wrong with the boat." Regal, suspecting no harm, stepped out into the black mud, and before he could prevent it Dubois pushed off into the lake again. When sevaral yards distant he called to Regal. "Look to yourself, m'sieu. You are on an island which is generally flooded at this season. The water will grow higher day by.day. You will wear your life out counting the incites as it comes to you. Look to yourself, m'eies, for Cajans never forget dishonour offered to their women. While the hungry alligators swim around your island waiting for their time to come think of Josephine and her broken heart. I loved her, boy and man, before you came, and after you had gone I still loved her. To-day I learned you are the man who broke her heart; so adieu, m'sieu," and Dubois began to row away. "' are you no heart, man 1" cried Regal in agony. "Surely you would not leave me hero to he drowned." A derisive laugh was the only response. "For the love of God I beg you to return, implored Regal in frenzied tones, The monstrous passion flowers waved in the breeze, and a call of a whoop-crane from the recesses of the dark, mysterious forest was the only reply, and Dubois plied Ihis oars faster. " I wilt give you all I possess, and I am rich just think, Joseph--I will give you thousands of dollars-if you will come hack l " But Dubois had gone. Hidden by the lazy masses of moss he rowed homeward through tele gloom of the swamp. At supper he was quiet and thought ful, and in reply to Josephine's eager question, said the stranger had returned to New Iberia. He retired early and sank into a troubled sleep, in which he tulked and moaned and told of the man on the island. Quick as a flash it came to the almost crazed woman. He whom she loved was alone in that death-dealing place, shere the very atmosphere sas pestilential. Kissing her baby she rushed frantically from the house. She found the pirogue and pauhed it out in the water, which lay like a vast sheet of silver under the moen a white rays. Straining her hands until her veins were knotted and swollen like great purple cords she rowed, as one persued by death, over the course her huhannd sod herlover had traversed. From someshere in a thicket of roses a mock ing bird sang its sweetest notes. It hrooght hack that dead summer when Regal had wooed her under the vines of her father n cottage, and faster and faster shle urged the bsat on. At last, weary and eshausted,she reached the island and fell fainting into Regal's arms as he stepped into the pirogue. Alter awhile her consciousness returned, and they soon started on their dismal ride. ' ' . - . dl sk through that blsck choked swamp Begil rowed,.while the fatigued woman pushed the low Isungieg branches aside. Once she stood up and raised a network of twisted vines Es they could pass under. - Suddenly, before she raized it, she had disturbed a huge rattlesnake. With a horrible thud it slid into the boat and gather. ing itself up made a fierce dash at Regal, who eat motionless as though charmed. Josephine saw the reptile dart its forked tongue at her lover. She grabbed an oar from the dared man and brought it down on the snake in neveral successive blows. The angered serpent hissed and turned from Regal, who began to regain himself, and struck furiously at the girl. Regal pounded the .norrible monster with the other oar, and at length killed it, but not before the deadly poison of its bite was taking effect on poor Josephine. Sh sanrk doson against Regal' knees. Her head fell hack and her mouth was growing gray and parched. "Iloved you always," she murmured faintly in the stillness of the early morning. "Remem. her my baby. When you go-take her-with you. You-you are her father. Love oher-and remember me for a while," and little by little death stole over all her senses. The rosy sun began to mount ths eastern skies and a lark soared upward, singing its first matin. "Josephine-Josephine l" moaned Regal, bending over her in anguish. "Dear little Jose. phine l Look up and cay you will live, for I love yon dearly. It is the old love returned." But theeyes did not open. The lips did not reply. What use was remorse when it came so late ? And when Dubois wonke in the morning he foand the woman for whose sake he had sinned dead in the secot-ccrnted voranda, and tha little child, who had ben face, was gone. casa iao.r.--Flat-iropes used for misailes,. 