T'«K *jA.TE OltOWN PIIINOB OP AUSTltlA. London. February 10. 1 The mystery surrounding the death of llm Crown Prlnoe of Austria has given ri^e to many conflicting statements. The following narratives supply details of the versions most widely circulated. Rudolph had for the last three years at least been living in bad ways. HisdlBappolutment at not having a son first estranged him from his wife, aud bis subsequent Infideli- ; ties completed the separation. Gradually it became apparent that the young pair, formerly so attached, were leading a cat niid-dog life. The Prince, a man of slight bui Id, nervous sympathetic temperament, highly imaginative and excilable mind, took 10 excessive drinking. He lost Interest In his literary pursuits, as well as artistic studies, and was always craving for excitement. He did mad tilings when out bear-sbootlug and dner-Rtalkiug, and was frequently seen wilh flushed face. He took pleasure in loose society, aud became smitten with fondness for ghost stories and spiritualism, and the end was that he became haunted with fear that be might go mad, like Louis II. of Bavaria. He had an Intrigue with a BarouesB Marie von V. Youug, a lady of 21 years, one of the beauties of Austrian society. She belonged to the old Czech family, and'was the niece of a well-kuown Austrian sportsman. The acquaintance between the baroness and Crown Prince begansomemoutbsago.andthis lucreaaed the estrangement between Rudolph and Stepha.nle. The Priuce scarcely made any secret of his determination to obtain a divorce. He counted confidently upon receiving assistance from tbe Emperor, ou account of (he disappointment expe rienced by his Majesty when the doctors certified tbat the Crown Princess could have no further issue. To the Crown Priuce'ssurpriseand disappointment, the Emperor point-blank refused to counten ance anything of the kind. His Majesty professed himself, as he uudoubledly is, very much attached to the Crown Princess, and rated his sou for his un marital conduct. Ou Sunday, tbe 27th January, there was a terrible scene be tween tbe Priuce aud his wife, who threatened to return to her parents at Belgium. The Emperor told the Prince he would apppoint bim Governor of BoBnia, aud oblige bim to go and live at Sernjevo. There, he said, 'you will have to lead a reputable life, and there will be an end to all these scandals.' At tbe same time tbe Emperor cautioned the Princess to be more patient with her hus band. The Crown Priuce was seen for the last time in public at tbe Princess R-ne's reception on the same Suuday eveniug, He was then weariug a rrussian uuirorm. ana eeemeil in a gay mood, though fluBbed somewhat aud flighty. The next morning bis father sent to hiin and repeated what he Baid on the previous day, but with more per emptoriness, addiug that he would give the Prince a week to make a submission, and promise to lead a better life. Ru dolph got very angry, left bis fattier without kissing ills liuud according to the Austriau custom, and striding away to his apartments took off his uniform, put on a suit of shooting clothes, and t,eut notes to Priuce W. Philippe of Coburg and Count Joseph Hoyos, inviting them to join him at Meyerling for a couple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards be started for Meyerling iu a two- horsed cab, driven by a mau uamed Bratfisch, a noted comic singer. Ou Tuesday uigbt the Prince dined with Count Hoyos, and steadied bis nerves with a good deal of champagne. At firsL he was iu very low spirits, but gradually brightened up, aud after dinner Bratfisch, the cabman, was summoned to slug for him. The Prince, Hoyos, and Bratfisch remaiueu together till 3 in tbe morning, but during intervals between Bratfiscb's songs tbe Priuee several times left the diuing-roam and weut to bis sludy to write letters, which were afterwards found ou his desk. At 3 a.m. the company separated on the understanding that the Prince would go out shooting at 9 o'clock iu the morning. From this point the stories differ. Some making tbe crirl who committed sufefde not the Baroness M., hut another young lady of the Austriau aristocracy, of Portugese ex trac tion and fierce temper. Ou the Tuesday afternoon, the day after the Priuce's departure from Vienna, she bad beeu but shopping with her aunt, aud gave that iady tbe slip while they were in a warehouse together. Ou reaching Meyerling she insisted on eeeiug tbe Priuce, aud at the iuterview quite un nerved him. She stormed, wept, and declared her shame would --oou become public, and ended by saying that unless the Priuue wouid take her openly under his protection, and elope with her for a few weeks, she would commit suicide. The Priuce was so frightened that he dared not let tbe girl go back to Vienna alone, but proposed she should remain for the night at Meyerling ; she was accordingly installed at the lodge of the bead gamekeeper, a man named Gratb schaat. At uigbt the Prince slipped out and weut to the gamekeepet's lodge to see his sweetheart' At this hour tbe under keeper uamed Weedring was. going his night rouuds on the castle grounds. Weedring had orders to call tbe head kfeoper at 6, aud at the hour appointed weut lo the lodge and knocked at the door. He was carrying a double-barrelled loaded gun, which was slung over his back, uud suddenly, while he knocked at the front tluor of Lhe bouss be beard the wiudow ut tbe side of tbe bouse opeu aud somebody jump out. Having uo idea that the Prince was iu tue bouse be rau rouud, Seeiuga man scampering away iu tbe dark he sbouled to him to Btop instantly,- aud not 'getting an auswer fired. - The Priuce dropped bit in the shoulder- Weedriug hurried up.aiAl the Crown Prince, struggling to bis feet, gasped nut, 'I am Archduke Rudolph ; I am hit : lead me to tUe Schloss.' The Prince swoomed just as be reached tbe wiudow, where the girl whom he bitd left a few moments before was standing. Weedriug appears (ben (o have called out in bis distraction that be bad killed the Prince, upon which the girl withdrew in dismay, and swallowed the contents of a bottle of poiBou which she bad brought with her her. The ? Priuce, recovering quickly from his swoou, ordered Weed ring to help liiui to walk to the Schioes, andguve him strict injunctions to hold I) is tongue. The Priuce theu went home shortly after and was fouud dead, drenched with blood, uud lying balf out of his bed with u revolver on the floor. From anolher account It appears that when the Prince weut to Meyerling the Baroness Marie disappeared from home, /eaving a note for ber mother, iu which she said she was going to drowb herself. The terrified mother instalutly went to Count Taufle, the Austrian Premier, and the latter promised to cause inquiries to be made, and detectives were accordingly placed upon ber track. They made tbe discovery that she waB staying with tbe Crown Prince at Meyerling. Taafle con veyed this information to file mother, who, on Wednesday morning, the day of the suicide, went to the Emperor and laid the matter before him. On returning borne the mother fouud another letter from her daughter, dated Meyerling, In which the youlhful harouess uunounced that she .and the Crown Priuce bad re solved to commit suicide together. It seems tbat the Priuce had promised ber marriage as boo n as be obtained bis divorce from tbe Princess, aud wheu be | informed her that this was now imposs fble, owing to tbe Emperor's refusal i0' uonselit lo the divoroe, they resolved to commit uuicide. This they did on tlio Wednesday morning in the bedroom of the Prince. When Loucbell, the valet to the Priuce, entered the bedroom in tbs mormhg, arter vainly knocking for ad. mitlance, lie found the dead bodies of the lovers lying on tne hed. Before calllnc HUyotie he carried the body of the BaronesR into an adjoining room, bo thai when Prince Phlllippp, of Coburg, and Count H. Kyos, on being summoned bv Loscliell, entered the bedroom, tliey oulv saw the body of (he Crown Prlnoe, aud naturally concluded it wok a simple case of suicide, as was reported to the Em peror. On being informed of bis son's dealh, the emperor at once suspected the truth, and exclaimed, 'I would rather have lost a province thau this disgrace should have befallen me.' The Rome correspondent of the Dail.u .Vfiws says he was able to learn Ihe exact particulars of what occurred at the Vatl can between the Holy See aud the Im perial family at Vienna ou the occasion of Rudolph's death. The Pope received I he first telegram announcing simply the death of the Priuce to which IiIb Holiness himself wrote a reply of four lines, and this, for him, was an extraordinary thing to do, as he has the greatest difficulty in holding a pen. On the following day there came a long telegram from Vieuua explaining the whole circumstances of the case, from wnich it appeared that there had beeu both a suicide and h duel. A difficulty therefore arose to decide wbetbferthe Archduke should have reli gious burial according to canonical law suicide being considered In tbe light of ! madness a religious service Is granted but not for those killed iu duel. A con', gregation of tbe cardinals was immedi ately called by order of the Pope to examine into the question. After a long discussion tbe ordinals came to the con clusion tbat ouly one deranged in miud could have entered into such a due) ; and the natural consequence of tbe decision was that the necessary permission was granted. The Emperor received the news with the deepest gratitude, and tele graphed to tbe Pope that In his great bereavement bis Holiness bad spared bim the greatest grief. 