UNTO THIS "LAST" BY J. REDDING WARE. PART I. ROLAND, dear, any news? she said, with, delightful. familiarity, putting her arms ah out his neck. "îïo, Cynnie," he said, with a charming and indifferent smile. " There was no let- ter at the post office." " What a long, long while you have been away." " It was so jolly hot, Cynthia, and they have a pool here which is as clear as soda water, so I took a dip. Don't creep up so close, Dot, it is .so steaming hot-never was such an August. The grouse ought to be in j fine condition, and what a time Eufus will have at the dukery-lucky beggar-he will have forty thou' per ann', and soon now, while I doubt if he will go on with my howling three hundred ! It will die with | my father, unies the pater cloes live to be a duke. ; Then we should he in clover, for he would, I know, make it a thousand, and give us the dukery farm to live upon." " How I should like to live upon a pretty farm, away from the world ; if indeed the , idea is not too, too selfish. Por your sake I hope you will get the dukery-farm-it is very pretty?" " "Wisteria, honey-suckle, jasmine, walled garden, and that sort of show, outside, and inside a complete bijou, for it was furnished no end in the empire style, and is as light, white and golden as you could wish. But I beg you will not count upon the dukery farm, my dear Cynthia." " Certainly not, I thought it was you who were counting on it. But probably I showed a little greediness. I am sure I hope I should not be exhibiting more selfish- ness if I surmised that my dear father might repent of being so hard, and forgive me." " Por marrying the nephew of one of the great dukes?" " Tou see, dear Eonald, his people have been Puritans-" " Quakers !" " "Well, Quakers if you like, though Puri- tans is the word, so long that-" " They do not like their daughters marry- ing malignants ; your father ought to wear tub-boots, and a leather jerkin. As for the rest, he is quite provided. I believe he .would smite high and low, hip and collar- bone everyone of us." "His neighbours have always said he was a just man !" ^ "Anybody can be a just man." "Oh dear me no," said the beaming Cynthia, very quickly. "Anybody-don't tell me, dear wifikin. But very few can be reasonable. The idea of calling my family what he does, simply because the title came down from Charles II., on the mother's side. A most howling uncharitable old ghost he must be, raking np a man's family blankets in this way. I'm sure we have been most respectable ever since !" . " Qh, what an accusation ! Do you mean to say I have at any time observed that your people were ever disreputable ?" "Tour father has often said the first duchess was a baggage." . " How could he possibly know-though it would be better, wouldn't it, to be des ? ¿ended from-say Charles I. ?" . " It is a matter of taste." "But," she continued with a flattering smile, " how capital it is that we have had to go back all the way, two hundred and inore years, to find something to dispute about. That very fact alone proves how happy we are." "Happy! Tes, after a fashion, cooped np in a howling inn, lost in Torkshire, and bored by a landlady who drops her h's." "But she never drops her cookery, does she?" "Two rooms,-and my sickly father is heir to a dukedom, worth forty thou' per an.; and your father-how much is he worth." "I am sure I do not know, dear; but I've heard it said he is the richest man in Notts, and you know his land in Warwick- shire joins yours." " The duke's you mean, and is twice as good. No doubt he is twice as rich ; and we have got-nothing !" "I could keep a lodging-house, and make both ends meet?" "Both ends of the lodging-house?" he nsked. "Absurd!" "Perhaps," he added, "when brother Eufus is duke he will give us a cottage, with a lean-to pigsty, when I'd bag every head of game on the estate." ""We couldn't live upon game, dear; I should prefer the lodging-house. I am sure I could charm the various floors." "Hallo-what the rumpus? Here's a yellow-headed woman, with a red face, in a carriage, in hysterics-of course I mean the woman-a frightened old woman; and another carriage with a lot of luggage also yellow, spread over with 'Mrs.Jonah .Capel Stagg." Do come and look! "What a peony! and evidently about to trouble the registrar in relation to increase of population. I hope Mrs. Josiah Canel Stagg~will not scoff our trout and leg^of mutton, or I'll trample the portmanteau! into jelly-fish." The "Zetland Arms" was aa quiet an hostelry as one could reasonably demand, but at two o'clock in the morning, after the arrival of the lady with the luggage, there was a light in nearly every -window. A double event was in progress, for while cheery Cynthia Bolinbroke had brought a son into the world without worrying or troubling a soul, Mrs. Jonah Capel Stagg ivas creating, (as her name would justify her in creating) a very great deal of feminine anxiety, so that even the mere cook found it necessary to send to the bar for Jamaica ginger cordial, tempered by a display of Jamaica red-heart rum. Mr. Bolinbroke had shown little more than indifference at the birth of bis child, when others bad been present-that horror of showing emotion before strangers com- mon to most well-bred people, being with him a positive disease. But now in the room with his wife alone he examined a red j j little face, picked up the small bundle, and experienced a strange tangle of sensations, pleasurable in their totality, but mingled with bitterness. Poverty and family position go so very poorly together, especially for a man who must have his clubs. The child's little legs beginning to vibrate, the father started. " Cynthia." No reply. He looked ; she was sleeping so lightly that not only could he not hear her breathe, but he could not even see the movement of the bed-clothes that was or was not produced by the action of breathing-always assum- ing that she still breathed. * # * * Every man is born with a mania ; though sometimes he never, perhaps, fortunately for himself, discovers it. Bolinbroke had dis- covered his at fifteen, when a cadet in the Boya! Navy. It was tattooing. Before he was sixteen, after the barbarous manner common to sailors, he had submitted to the making of anchors and true lover's knots on his arms, and even bis legs had not escaped. His bands were free, simply because in the Navy tattooing is not permitted. At bathing hours, thë executive are not present, and it is a point of honour with warrant-officers never to report tattooing. Now Japan is the bead-quarters of tat- tooing. There it has indeed risen to an art. Prom the moment Bolinbroke's ship was stationed in Japanese waters, his mania for tattooing became irrepressible. He took lessons from a Japanese artist, purchased largely the materials, and finally-was dis- missed from the Navy in disgrace positively for having tattooed in a wholesale manner the willing son of a cousin of royalty. There was a great row, and the end of it stood, he was requested to resign his com- mission. He did; went back to England; fell in love (he a descendant of one of the ducal favorites of Charles II.) with the daughter of a collateral descendant of Hampden, and had ruined her and himself too. Both families repudiated the couple. His whole income was three hundred per annum, allowed bim by bis father at will, and which might die with the father. Cynthia had in her own right not a farthing. These were the conditions under which they were married-these were the conditions under which this unfortunate child was born into an uninteresting world. His troubles had already begun ; his feet were already to be wounded in the beginning oi life. " It will not take five minutes," Bolinbrokt said. He went to bis dressing-bag, and produced a little box of various materials. He toot his mite of a son, lying on a pillow on th« table, and turned back his wraps, bared his little crisping feet, the little toes very active The strange father outlined two butterflie! (his first lesson with the Japanese) oné oí each sole of his son's feet, using the short une of sharp needles, (which form tb( punctures) ; applied quickly some black, OJ dark blue powder, wiped the skin, and lefl in outline two Japanese butterflies. Th( little fellow had made a low wailing noise only a civil complaint-not an indignam protest. The indifferent, not cruel father, took th< little burden back to the bed. " Cynthia ! " There was no answer. " Poor thing-I suppose sie is very tired.' He stooped to kiss her, but fearing t< wake her, drew back and left the roon intending to " get a soda," look after th< nurse, and turn into the crow's nest tba was waiting for him at the top of the house As it has been said, the house was all alive and he found the bar active, the tongue! wagging. He soon learnt how the " other ' lady was the wife of a great city swell ; hov she was travelling southwards after visiting in the north ; and how a slight accident t< the railway carriage in which she wa travelling had so unnerved her that she wa removed from the train at the first stopping place, and thus brought to the " Zetlanc Arms." Here, Mrs. Smord, the weak-hearted land lady appeared, wiping her eyes. " Pori child, pore child," she murmured, " it bav gorne to a better world." " "What, is the little chick dead ? " aske( Bolinbroke. "Yes, dear sir." He Eighed. Se couldn't afford to keep ¡ child, and his child lived. The city womai was doubtless rolling in wealth, and he child was dead. A few minutes passed, Mrs. Smord shakin¡ her head, Bolinbroke slowly swallowing his soda water, when a wailing scream was heard and a shaking voice calling for help and thi doctor. To be brief, Cynthia was dead; savei thereby doubtless much sorrow. She ha< kissed her child once. She had made an em quite without noise ; dying in her sleep. Bolinbroke was a man of slow emotions and showed no outward anxiety at the catas trophe, but he was heavily hit beyond doubl They drew away and left him alone for little time. Before they came to ask him t leave the dead to their care, he quitted hi wife's bedside. Very white in the face h went downstairs, and asked for the landladj into whose sanctum he and she disappeared " It will be only for a time," he said, shall be able to* turn myself round. It ca; be done in a moment. The nurse who looke after both mothers is down stairs arrangin some food for the child. She will suppos my little one has died, and that by an errol the other child was pronounced dead. " But if it 'air found out, ob Newgate i will be." " It will not be found out." She hesitated-and was lost. The city lady was still wandering an saying "Ma'm, except the three Lord Mayon and the provost of Edinburgh I take prc cedence of all ma'm." The old Bervin woman who accompanied her was fast asleep in an easy chair. # * # # Three weeks afterwards, Mrs. Capel Stagg was removed south to london, together with her infant son, whom she found most droll, for he was her first dark child, and she was the mother of more than half a baker's dozen-seven fair facts, in fact. # * # # Through almost three weeks lovely Cyn- thia Lee, collateral descendant of the great John Hampden, had then lain with a dead child, none of hers, in her arms, in the strange and far away church-yard of Dundas town. So ended the disobedience of a year. They were to mourn her death for fifty summers in the quiet home of her upright fathers. They mourn it to this day-they will until all the brothers and sisters who knew her, die-some, living like their fathers, will end like them between eighty andninetv. These Puritan people love the better for hiding their affection-even from each other. Sweet Cynthia!-who loved a descen- dant of one of the Restoration Jezebels. 