THE IRISH QUESTION. . 'All history teaches that it is not in numaa nature that men should be content under any system of legislation, Instil ntkus, and administer inon &uch; aa exists in Ireland.' . , . TO SHE KDITOB. i : Sir— I notice several of your correspondents endeavour to come to conclusions oh the Irish' Question from a consideration of incidents of beneficial, unprofitable, or objec tionable legislation. Evidently the matter will never be settled by any such consideration of mere odds and ends; it is simply reviving the labours of Penelope. The question has a much broader footing, and every part of the Empire is deeply interested in the prevention of . international discord. For eighty-six years Ireland has been governed by legislation and administration obnoxious to the feelings cf Irishmen, and to- day she is : even more rebellious than she was then. There has been a perpetual succession of Coercion Acts on the pretenoe that they were the only means oi quieting discontents. If the discon tent became lees demonstrative coercion, not the people; was credited with the qaietneaa, ? and the coercion was increased in order to effect a complete cure. If, on the other hand, the discontent increased in spite of the coercion, the same course was taken— coercion waB increased. If, instead of that ever-failing coercion, the Government had tried consulting national aspirations and prejudices, allaying diecontents by removal of the cause, and loosening restraints in the same manner as has been doi.e in every part of the Empire except Ireland, that country would now be as Scot land is, or even as we are— one of the psarh instead of a millstone hanging around Eng land's neok. The malignant legislation haa of course produced large oropa of malcontents, among whom in all parts pf the world there is a settled determination to win fair play for Ireland at any cost, even by the destruction of England or any part of the Empire. : That desire ia eating their hearts out, and they are becoming more prosperous and powerful both in Ireland and abroad day by day. In 1886 'Haydn' reported there were 380,000 Fenians in the United States, most of whom could be depended upon to assist in any work that would injure, the British Empire, Probably those numbers are now doubled, and if they continued increasing tha pros pect is not cheerful. Irishmen are now the Btone of Ajax in the hands of any foreign nation desirous of trying the effects of coercion against England. Some of your correspondents seem to have but little sympathy or imagination while discussing the difficulties with Ireland ; they will not understand that it is united and not conflict ing interests we are deliberating upon, and that Ireland's difficulty may yet be our difficulty. They are clever in raising ghosts of objections to Ireland's claims, and wrangle in black and white by the yard on every pin's point that will prove they are, as they say in Ireland, 'mighty knowledge able men,' Of course, All seems infected that the infected spy, As all seems yellow to the jaundiced eye. DoubtlesB, all hands will not be uncom promising advocates of Home Rule, but the day may come when England may try to govern us by authority instead of by argument or paper shot, and we may fail- to see that might is right because Eng land is powerful. The experience gained ia America h«s been a lamp for the feet, of the British Parliaments, and colonies are now allowed the utmost latitude in the manage ment of their internal affairs ; but should we become ambitious I believe it would be use less to aim at separation ; there will be no more transformations of colonies into in dependent States, This should induce in us a salutary apprehension for our liberties, and a sympathetic fellow feeling with every part of the Empire where people are not allowed to set their own house in order, and where abuses are maintained by severity, coercion, and arms. Practically we row in the same boat with Ireland, and we Bhould pull together as mnoh as bar different circumstances will aid in the Btrength of each becoming strength for the Empire. The in tegrity of the Empire is now rightly looked upon aa a condition essential to the continued safety, prosperity, and greatness of England and her colonies. United they may yet control the destinieB pf mankind, but separated the historical New Zealander may yet stand. on the ruins of London, and Poland's lot may be ours. The spirit of conciliation and justice for Ireland Bhould be fostered. The only thing dangerous about the past concessions to Ireland was the grudging and the delays. Those evils produced every description of outrage, and even civil wars. There were prophecies of ruin and revolutions when the battles were being fought over emancipation, tithes, the Church, and the land, but the eky has not yet fallen. Neither will it if Ireland is granted liberty to feel that she is not the black sheep in the British Empire. I am, Sir, &o.;, Unley. J. MILLER. 