THE ORANGE DEMONSTRATION. TO THE EDITOR. - Yours, &c.;, J. C. SIR, —With your kind permission I wish to make a few observations on the late fes tive gathering, held in the Alfred Hall, to commemorate the Battle of the Boyne. The gentlemen who took a leading part in the gathering referred to should meditate on the lines of Robbie Burns, where he says— “ Wad some power the giftiu gic us, to see ourseis as others see us.” The Rev. Mr Johnson said he took the Bible for his guide. Cnmmou gratitude should have caused him to return thanks to the despised Roman Church for being the custodian of the Bible for over 1000 years, long before printing was dreamed of. Grand Master Vale remarked that in the first few years of the colony’s ex istence Romanists had gone ahead; but where are they now ? He might have learned from his enormous pile of books that he possesses that the Romanists occupy a graud position in the colony. A church cannot remain stationary; it must either recede or advance. It does not require a riiag nifying-glass to discover that Catholicism is advancing rapidly. I can remember, some 36 years ago, when our churches could be numbered on the fingers of your hand, “now they are numbered by hundreds.” In many of these churches service is held daily, and several times on Sundays. We are also heavily handicapped by contributing to State schools compulsorily, and erecting and supporting our own voluntarily, which pro%e3 the faith is still alive and vigorous. One of the rev. speakers regretted there is established in Ballarat a college with the blasphemous title of the name of the Holy Ghost. Has it occurred to this rev. gentle man that there is a place of worship in Bal larat known by the sum ed name of Christ Church ? We Catholics do not stigmatise our Protestant friends for using that name. Mr James Russell’s remarks almost make me tremble. He said if they were only true to themselves and their religion they would have such a power that they would carry everything before them. I am at a loss to know what he means. Perhaps his inten tions are to invoke an earthquake or tidal wave, and wipe out of existence us poor Catholics and our churches. I know he is a powerful and mighty man, but I hope lie is merciful, and will give U3 timely notice that we may guard against being blotted out prematurely. The Rev. Mr Nye made the modest speech of the eveuing. He said he was an ardent Protestant and loyal to the Queen. I hope the rev. gentleman does not enjoy a monopoly of loyalty. In bis charity he might spare us Catholics “ just a schumll bit” of his loj’alty. Asa rule, we Catholics are just as loyal and faithful to the throne of England as many who parade their loyalty. The gentlemen who conduct these annual Orauge gatherings might take a lessou in -moderation from Catholic assemblies, where Protestants are never disparaged or never named except in kindness aud chari tableness. Thanking you in anticipation. 