The Herring Preserving Industry. THE fish found in Australian waters are by no means so tasty as their relatives in the northern hemisphere ; in fact, the insipidity of the fish is one of the first things noted with disfavour by the crowd of visiting ' globe- trotters ' fresh from the clubs and hotels of England and the Continent. Our local fish were well enough while the-coarse palates of aboriginals were all they had to please (in their most flavourless state they would compare favourably with 'possum), and possibly they will develop a more dainty savour to match the srrowing fastidiousness of Australian gastronomers. Let us hope so ; but, meanwhile, as so many people fall back on the tinned fish of the old country, it will be as well to find out whether the substitute is a good and wholesome one. Enormous quantities of tinned herrings -fresh or kippered-are now exported from England and Scotland, one firm, the Messrs. Maconochie Brothers, having put up, During One Season, 97,000 Fish. By the division of labour and the use of perfect appliances it is possible to tin the fish in a yet fresh state, so that we in the Antipodes are presented with the paradox of fresh herrings several months old. Packed as they are they carry their age lightly, and at the end of their journey from Great Britain they are as good and as literally fresh as when they gave up the ghost in the bottom of the fishing smack. Messrs. Maconochie Bros. have adopted the best and most modern known pro- cesses, and they take exceptional measures to secure the utmost purity in the tinning of these piscine delicacies. The dangers to be guarded against are the intro- duction of spirits-of-salt during soldering, and the cracking of the surface of the tin sheets. To preclude the first dauger, Messrs. Maconochie Bros. have invented soldering machines by which the lids are soldered over the outside of the''can, so that it is impossible for anything deleterious to enter and contaminate the fish ; and to secure a perfectly pure casing an annual contract with the foremost makers of tin plates is entered into. The Perfect Quality of the Tin. used, is attested by Dr. Stevenson Macadam, lecturer in chemistry, Edinburgh, who says : I have to report that I have made a careful series of analyses and testings of various sheets of tin-plate, forwarded to me by Messrs. Maconochie Bros., Lowestoft, and stated to be similar to those em- ployed by them in the construction of the tins used for their preserved fish. I found that the sheets were of the best quality of steel tin-plates, and were thoroughly and fully coated with pure tin, free from lead. Messrs. Hassall and Clayton, of London, also report : The tin-plate was found to be coated on each side with an even layer of tin, which was free from flaws or cracks, such as would allow the iron beneath to come in contact with the food put in the tins. In further proof of the unbroken success of the methods used by this eminent firm, may be evidenced the honors which have fallen thick upon them at all recent exhibi- tions. Since 1880 they have taken 53 gold and silver medals; these include 28 gold medals awarded them at the Melbourne Exhibition for canned fish and other potted and tinned goods. Por their herrings they received A Special Award. We can only briefly summarise the ar- rangements by which it has become possible for this one firm to preserve the enormous number of 97,000,000 fish in one season. Of course, it is possible only by having all the adjuncts arranged on a huge scale, and managed by an unerring method. Messrs. Maconochie Bros. have their own fishing stations and fleet, though they also buy largely from fishermen not in their ser- vice. The fishing stations are at Stornoway and Girvan, on the west of Scotland, and at Praserburgh, Aberdeenshire, on the east. In England the fishing stations are at Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft. The business was originally established at the latter place, and over one thousand people are now em- ployed at that place alone. The fishing boats discharge the fish almost within the gates of the preserving factories. The fish are then speedily transported to the wash-houBe, where they are rinsed and cleaned by girls. After a second rinsing in clean fresh water they are packed in the tins, which are all made before the season begins. The ma- chine-soldering complete, they pass to the cooking department, and the fish are cooked 1,000 tins at a time. The next stage is Ohe cooling and testing to prove the air- tightness, followed by the painting, labelling, and pack- ing. The final stage in the history usually takes place at breakfast or lunch; it is by far the most interesting of them all, and subject to persistent encores. Messrs. Maconochie Bros's preparations have been taken up energetically by the popular firm of ANTHONY HORDERN & SONS. These universal caterers have made quite a special feature cf the goods, and have intro- duced them with great! success.. -;-+ Mr. F. B. Schell, whose splendid artistic work in the 'Picturesque Atlas has made him so well known throughout Australia, has received the appointment of art editor to Harper's Magazine. Mr. W. E. Abbey chose Mr. Schell for this post while he was passing through London. Mr. Schell was therefore able to step into the appointment on his return from Australia. The position is one much coveted in art circles, implying as it does a large salary and a high prestige, and Mr. Schell's many friends in this colony will learn of his success with the greatest satisfaction. 