HISTORIC PLAGIARISM. Even the greatest names have l\ecn con nected with this form of borrowing ideas from others. Goldsmith's well-krtown lines ; Man wants but little here below, Nor wants that little lontr. are obviously an expansion of Dr. Young'i Man wants but little, nor that long. And Dr. Young in turn said : Be wise to-day, 'tis ifladnets to delar, although- Congreve had said long before him : Defer not till to-morrow to be wHo ; To-morrow's tun to thee may nevor rise. The oft-quoted line of Campbell, Like angels' visits— few and far between, finds its parallel in Blair's lines : ... Like An ill-used ghost, Not to return ; or If it did, its vislt9, -Like those of ahgcls, short and far betweeti. And theBe lines again must certainly owe something to Poet Noma of Bemerton (died. 1711) Who sayB : But those who soonest take their flight Are the most exquisite and strong ; Like angels' visits, short and bright. Mortality's too weak to bear them along. Gray says : And leave us leisure to be good, but Oldham had said : And know, I hnve not yet the leisure to be good. And again Gray exclaims : Lo, when tho rosy bosatned hours, Fair Venus' train appear I but Milton had written before him : Tlio graces aud the rosy bosomed hours Thither all their bounties bring. And even Milton must have laid Catullus under contribution, for we find : En hie In roscls letct papinis. Gray, also, in one of the best-liked stanzas of tho " Elegy," is strikingly convicted : Full many a gem of purest rays serene - The dark, unfathoincd caVcs of ocean bear ; Full many a flower is born to blush unseen, And waste Its sweetness In the desert air. Pope has furnished a bit : Tlicro kept my charms concealed trom mortal eye, Like roses thut in deserts uloom aud die. And Young another : In distant wilds, by human eye unseen, Sho rears her flowers and spreads her velvet green ; Pure gurgling rills the lonely desert trace, And waste their music on the savage race. And Shenstone a third : And, like tho desert's illy bloom to fade. Churchill's lines verbatim : Nor waste their sweetness on the desert air. And Lloyd's almost so : Which else hod wasted in the desert air. Gray again writes : And leaves the world to darkness and to me. and Moss has it : And left the world to wretchedness and me. But Gray has_ been not only the culprit, but also the victim. Rogers sings : The swallow oft'hcncach my thatch Shall twitter from her clay -built nest. And Gray's linea are : Tlio breezy call of incense breathing morn. The swallow twittering from her straw-built shed. Hume in a note to. his history has writ ten: The ambition of the clergy can often be satisfied by promoting ignorance and superstition and implicit faith and pious frauds; and having got what Archi medes only wanted— another world on which he could fix his engine— no wonder they move this world at their pleasure. But Dryden had already put into Dora's mouth : Content you with monopolising heaven, And let tills little hanging ball alone ; For. give you but a foot of conscience there, And you, like Archimedee, toss the globe, Dryden, when he wrote : Great wits to madness nearly are allied, must surely have remembered Seneca : Nullum magnum Ingeniuni absque, mistura demento est. Pope says : For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight ; He can't be wrong whose life Is In the right. Crowley's lines aro : Ills faith perhaps in soine nice tenets might Be wrong, his life I'm cure was in the right. Pope's lino : A wit with dunces and a dunce with wits is paralleled by Dr. Johnson, who, In his fling at Chesterfield, calls him : A lord among wits and a wit among lords. And both may be traced to an epigram of Quintillian. Pope says: And beauty draws up with a single hair, and Howell, in his " Letters," says : One hair of a woman can draw more than a hundred pair of oxen. Goldsmith, in a famous line, has it t A breath unmakes thein as a breath has mads. De Cax, an old French writer : Qu'un souffle pent detrulre, et qu'un souffle— O dm. Urult. Shelly : Kings are like stars " They have the adoration of the world, but no repose, steals from Bacon : Princes are like to heavenly bodies whioh have much veneration, but no rest. Dr. Johnson, he of the "Encyclopedia," says: Let observation, with extensive view, Survey mankind from China to -Peru. Warton the year before wrote : All human race, from China to Peru. Heywood : The world's a theatre, the earth a stage. Shakspeure : All the woild, &o.;, Palladus, a Greek of the third century : This life a theatre we call, &o.; Pythagoras : This world is like a stage, whereon many plop their parts. 