CHAPTER XI. in tim: plantation. Someone singing n west-country ditty. ‘4 Jfix xfoe-Mct .!* cytv*-’ * A pause in tho Hinging, and the striking of several blows with a rough hoe, the to destruction of weeds in a coffee-plantation. ; while, us the chops of tho hoe struck tho clods of earth, tho fetters worn by the striker gave forth faint eludes. Then in a pleasant musical voice tho singer wont on with another line : 4 4 And h is curly h air Here chops with tho hoo, and clinks of tho fetters, “ His pleas! ny roitu*-*” A heavy thump with tho hack of the tool to an obstinate clod, which took several more strokes before it crumbled up; and all tho time the fetters clinked and clanked loudly. Then the singer went on with tho sweet old minor air with its childish words. Did my heart own tare-” Chop l chop 1 clink l clink l clank ! 4* Genterl he was-” “ Jlut no rule like yon.1* 44 Oh, Isay, Abel, mate; don’t, lad, 44 Doidt what /” said Abel Dell, resting upon his hoe, and looking up at big Bart Wrigloy, clothed liko 'himself, anned with a hoe, and also decorated with fetters, as ho stood wiping tho perspiration from liis forehead. 44 Don’t sing that thero old song. It dc | make mo feel so linked.” 41 linked, Bart l Well, what if, it docs ! These are unkeddays." “ Ay, but each time you sing that, I seem to^ see tho rooks ulong by tho shore at homo, with tho ivy hanging down, and tho sheep feeding, and the sea rolling in, and tho blue sky, with gulls a-flying, aud it makes mo feel like a boy again, aud big as I am, as if I should cry.” 44 Always were liko a big boy, Bart. Hoe away, lad, tho overseer’s looking.” Bnrt went on chopping weeds, diligently following his friend’:; example, as a sour looking, yellow-faced man came by, in . company with a soldier loosely shouldering : his musket. Bnt they passed by without speaking, and Abel continued ; 44 There’s sea hero, and blue sky and sun- ; shine.” j 44 Ay,” BS'd Bart, 44 there’s sunshine hot j enough ^ to fry a mackerel. Place is right enough if you was free; but it nrVfc home, Abel—it ur’n'fc home.” 44 Homo l no,” said tho young man, savagely. But wo havo no homo. She spoiled that.” There was an interval of weed-chopping and clod-breaking, the young men’s chains clanking loudly, ns they wc:’. “ now so energetically that tho overseer ;vial their j proceedings, and pointed them out as examples to an idle hand. 44 Ah I you’re a hard ’mi, Abel,” remarked Bart, after a time. 44 Yes ; and you're a soft ’uu, Bart. She could always turn you rouud her little Ay, bless her ! and she didn’t tell on 44 Yes, alio did,” said Abel, sourly ; and ho turned his buck upon his companion, aud toiled away to hide tho working of his Tho sun shouo down as hotly as it can shiuo in the West Indies, and the coarse shirts the young men wore showed patches of moisture where tho perspiration came through ; hut they worked on, for the labour deadened the misery in their breasts. Ami yet it was a very paradise as far as nature was concerned. Jlun had spoiled it ns far ns ho could, his cultivation being but a poor recompense for turning so lovely a spot into a plantation worked by convicts—by men who fouled tho ambient air each moment they opened their lips ; while, from time to time, tho earth was stained with blood. In the distance shone the sea, and between thephmtation and the silver coral sands lay patches of virgin forest, where tho richest aud most luxuriant of tropic, growth revelled iu tho heat and moisture, while in the sunny jmtohes brilliant flowers blossomed. Then enmo wild tangle, cane-brake, and in one place, where a crook iudeuted the land, weird looking mangroves spread their leafage over their muddy scaffolds of aerial roots. 44 IIow long have we been here, mate V* said Burt, after a pause. 44 Duuno,” replied Abel, fiercely. Here lio began chopping more vigorously. 44 How long will they keep us iu this hero place said Bart, after another interval, and he looked from tho beautiful shoro at the bottom of the slope on which they worked to tho cluster of stone aud wood-built buildings, which formed tho prison and the station farm, with factory and mill, all worked by convict labour, while those iu the neighbourhood were managed by blacks. Abel did not answer, only scowled fiercely, and Burt sighed and repeated his question. 44 Till we die !” said , Abel, savagely ; 44 same as we’ve seen other fellows die—of fever and hard work, and tho lush. Curse tho captain. Curso-” Bart clapped one hand over his companion’s lips, and lie hold tho other behind his head, dropping his hoo to leave full liberty to 44 I never quarrels with you, Abel, lad,” ho said, shortly ; but if you says words again that poor gell, I’m going to fight—aud that won’t do. Is it easy?” Abel seemed disposed to struggle ; but he gave in, nodded his head, and Bart loosed him and picked up his hoo, just as the over seer, who had come softly up behind, brought down tho whip ho carried with stinging violenuo across tho shouldors of first one and then tho other. Tho young men sprang round savagely ; 1 but thero was a sentry closo behind, musket i armed, and with bayonet fixed, and they know 1 that fifty soldiers were within call, aud that if they struck their taskmaster down and made for the jungle, they would be hunted out with dogs, bo shot down liko wild beasts, or dip of starvation, as other un fortunates had died boforo them. Thero was nothing for it but to resume . their labour aud hoo to tho clanking of their fetters, while, after promiso of what was to ! follow, in tho shape of^ tying up to tho j triangles and the eat, if they quarrelled | again, tho overseer went on to see to the others of his flock, 44 It’s worse than a dog’s life !” said Abel, bitterly. 44 A dog does get patted as well ■ as kicked. Bart, lad, I’m sorry I got you that 44 Kay, lad, never mind,” said Bart. 441’ui sorry for you; but don’t speak hard things of Mary.” 44 I’ll try not,” said Abel, as ho hoed away excitedly ; 44 hut I hope this coffee we grow may poison those who drink it.” “ "What for? . Thoy can’t help it,” said Bart, smiling, 44 There, lad, tako it coolly. Some day wo may make a run for it.” 44 And bo shot !” said Abel, bitterly. 44 Thero, you’re down to the end of that row. I’ll go this way. Ho’s watching Bart obeyed. Ho was one who always did obey; and by degrees tho young men were working right away from each other, till they were a goud two hundred yards * Abel was at the end of his row first, and ho stopped and tinned to bogin again and go down, so as to pass Bart about tho middle of the cleaving ; but Bart had another minute’s chopping to do before turning. He was closo’up to a denso patch of forest —one wild tangle of euno and oroopor, which literally tied the tall trees togothor and made tho forest impassivblo—when tho shrieking of a kind of jay, which had boon flitting about oxoitodly, stopped, and was followed by tho melodious whistlo of a white bird and tho twittering of quite n flock of little'fellows of a gorgeous scarlefc- erimBOu. Then tho shrieking of sevoral parrots answering each other aroflo; while just aboyo Bart’s head, where down from tho cdgo of the forost, scores oi! brilliantly-scaled humming-birds literally bnzzcd on almost transparent wing, and then otiapondod thonisolvea in raid-air as they ■orobccl tho nectaries of tho fiovrovo with their long* hills. “ioidro bcaution, you tiro,” euid Bart, stopping to wipe his brow; “but I’d give tho hull lot on you for a eight of ono good old snrey spavrer u-sitting on the cottage roof and saying chhcl-t<hi*el. Ah 1 shall us over see old Devonshire Again V* The parrots Inr r; upside-down, and tho tiny humming-birds fitted licro and there, ; displaying, from time to time, the brilliancy , of their sealo-liko feathers, and Bart glanced at his fellow convict and was about to work buck, when there came a sound from out of tbo dark forest which made him shire wildly, and then the sound arose again. Bart changed colour, and did not stop to hoe, hut walked rapidly across to Abel. “ What's tho matter ?” said tho latter. “Dnnno, lail,” said the other, rubbing his brow with lus arm; “ but there’s some thing wrong.’* “ WJmt is it?” “That’s what I dunno; but just now something said quite plain, 1 Bart! Burt!’ ” “ Nonsense ! You are dreaming.1* “ Nay. I waawido awake us I am now. and us I turned and staved it said it again.” “It said it?” “ Well, she said it.” “ Poll parrot,” said AIkjI, grufBy. “Go on with your work. Here’s tho overseer.” The young men worked away, and their supervisor passed them, and, apparently satisfied, continued his journey round. “ May have l>ccu a poll parrot,” snul Bart. “Thoy do talk plain, Abel, lad; but this! sounded liko something else.” 1 “ Wliat ultra ooitld it l>o ?” “ Souudwl like a ghost.” Abel burst into a hearty laugh—so hearty that Bart’s face was slowly overspread by a broad smilo. “ Why, lad, that’s better,” ho said, grimly. “I arVt seen you do that for months. Work away.” The hint was given because of the overseer glancing in their direction; and thoy now worked on together slowly, going down tho row toward the jungle, at which Bart kepton darting uneasy glances. “ Enough to make a man laugh to hear you talk of ghosts, Bart,” said Abel, after a “ What could it be, then ?” “Parrot somo lady tamed,” said Abel, shortly, us they worked on sido by side, “ escaped to tho woods again. Some of these birds talk just like a Christian.” “Ay,” .?aid Bart, after a few moments’ quiet tho; ght, / ' Pvo ueored ’em, lad; but there’s no poll parrot out here as knows “ Knows you ?” “ Well, didn’t I tell you as it called to me ‘ Bart 1 Bart!’” “ Sounded like it,” said Abel, laconically. “ Wait does he want?” t l^r just tlieu tho overseer shouted, ami signed to the gaugmen to come to him. “To begin another job—log-rolling, I th:: k,” growled Bart, shouldering his hoe. /.» that moment, as Abel folk.*.red liis cr umple, there came in a low, eager tone of voice from out of tho jungle, twenty yards .“Bart!—Abel!—Abel!” “ Don’t look,” whispered Abel, who reeled ns if struck, and recovered himself to catch liis companion by tho arm. “All right!” lie said aloud; “wo'll bo hero to morrow. Wo must go.” 